https://www.indianhealthyrecipes.com/crispy-corn-recipe/


Skip to content

Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About

Search

Toggle Menu

Search

# Crispy corn recipe

Home >> Recipes >> Snacks Recipes

Byswasthi

11 Comments

__WhatsApp

 __Share 982

 __Pin 1K

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

2K Shares

**Crispy corn** is a snack made by frying corn kernels and then flavoring with
spice powders. There are a few different ways crispy corn is made in
restaurants and fast food centers. You may find crispy corn coated with thin
to extremely thick layer made using cornflour and some times even egg white
powder or egg. I have shared here a simple and easy version that doesn't use
egg. I have also included tips if you prefer to use egg.

* * *

I had made crispy corn a few times before without using egg and then once with
the egg. I found that getting a thicker crisp flour coating is easier with
egg. To make this healthier you can also grill the sweet corn kernels in an
oven. More on this in the recipe card below.

The key to making good crispy corn is to pick & use corn kernels from the cob
and not cut them with a knife. Juicy frozen corn or tender sweet corn are not
good to make crispy corn. Choose ones that are plump, slightly firm and not
too young. Using frozen sweet corn did not yield me good results.

You may like to check these **Sweet Corn Recipes**

**Caution while frying sweet corn**  
Do not try the recipe without a splatter screen for your frying pan. Sometimes
corn kernels burst while frying and can splash the oil on to you. If you do
not have it, then you can use a steel mess cover used for fruit basket, like
the one I used below. Or reverse a steel mess basket and cover your pan.

Covering with a normal lid will trap steam and water drops to the oil. This
can result in hot oil splashes.

Please drive away kids from the kitchen before frying them.

More **Snacks Recipes**  
 **Spring roll recipe  
Veg manchurian  
Gobi 65  
Vegetable pakora**

Advertisement

## Preparation for crispy corn

1\. I used 3 corncobs. they yielded 3 cups of kernels. Break the cob to 2.
Begin to pick the kernels from the cob. Do not chop them or remove with a
knife as sometimes the cut kernels tend to burst in oil.

2\. Once you finish picking all the kernels, separate those that are out of
shape. Use them up in your veggie stir fry.

## Optional - Boiling corn

3\. This section is optional. You can skip if the corn is not hard. Next add
some salt to a pot of water and heat up the water.

4\. Add the corn and boil just for 2 to 3 mins depending on the corn. I just
boiled for 30 seconds. Drain them to a colander.

## Preparation

5\. Rinse them well under running water.

Advertisement

6\. Add the moist corn to a mixing bowl. Sprinkle some salt and pepper. They
must taste slightly salty. If you prefer to use egg, then pour 1 egg white and
mix well.

7\. Start by sprinkling 3 tbsp of corn flour and 3 tbsp of rice flour.

8\. Toss them well. If needed sprinkle 1 to 2 tbsp water. Skip water if using
egg.

Advertisement

9\. Repeat sprinkling flour.

10\. Toss them well. You can repeat this process once more. If you use egg,
the kernels will be coated well.

## Frying crispy corn

11\. Heat oil in a deep pan for frying. When the oil turns hot, drop 2 kernels
check if the oil is hot enough.

12\. The oil has to be hot and the flame set to medium high. Drop the kernels
with the help of a large spoon.

13\. I added 3 spoons of kernels per each batch.

Advertisement

14\. Quickly cover the pan.

15\. When they are done they begin to float and the sizzling noise reduces.

16\. Remove them to a colander when they turn crisp. A kitchen tissue makes
them soft. If you coat them with egg, then you will get a thick crust. Mine
did not as I have not used it.

Advertisement

## Flavoring the crispy corn

17\. When you are done frying all of them, transfer to a large bowl.

18\. Sprinkle red chilli powder, chaat masala and cumin powder.

19\. Toss them well.

20\. Chop onions, coriander leaves and lemon. Add them only when you are ready
to eat. Check the taste and then add few drops of lemon juice if needed. Chaat
masala also tastes slightly tangy so use with caution.

Transfer crispy corn to serving bowl and top with onion and coriander leaves.

**Related Recipes**

### Corn vada (Sweet ...

### Spring Rolls Reci...

### Veg Manchurian Re...

### Gobi 65 (Cauliflo...

### Vegetable Pakora ...

### Corn Pulao

## Recipe card

Advertisement

## Crispy corn recipe

Spicy crispy corn is a popular snack made with sweet corn, spices, flour,
herbs and lemon juice. Instructions included to grill them in oven or to deep
fry.

Pin Recipe Print Recipe

1x2x3x

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

For best results follow the step-by-step photos above the recipe card

Prep Time15 minutes

Cook Time20 minutes

Total Time35 minutes

Servings3 to 4

AuthorSwasthi

### Ingredients (US cup = 240ml )

  * ▢ 3 cups corn or 3 corncobs
  * ▢ 6 tbsp corn flour refer notes
  * ▢ 4 to 6 tbsp rice flour or all-purpose flour or maida
  * ▢ ½ tsp pepper powder
  * ▢ ¼ to ½ tsp salt or as needed
  * ▢ 4 cups water for parboiling corn

#### Spice powders for crispy corn

  * ▢ ¾ tsp jeera powder or cumin powder
  * ▢ ¾ to 1 tsp chaat masala (use to suit your taste)
  * ▢ ½ to ¾ tsp red chili powder

#### Other ingredients

  * ▢ 2 to 3 tbsp onions finely chopped
  * ▢ 2 tbsp coriander leaves finely chopped
  * ▢ 1 tbsp lemon juice (use only if needed, refer notes)

Advertisement

### Instructions

#### Preparation

  * ▢

Choose corn that have firm and plump kernels. Avoid too young, tender or juicy
ones. Also do not use hard kernels.

  * ▢

Cut the corn cob to 2 parts. Begin to pick the whole kernels from the cob
without cutting them with a knife.  Add them to a bowl. Do not cut them with a
knife as the cut kernels tend to splutter while frying.

  * ▢

Next add them to salted hot water and boil for 2 minutes. You can skip this
step if the kernels are moderately milky and not hard.

  * ▢

Drain them and rinse under running water. When excess water drains up, add
them to a wide bowl.

  * ▢

While you prepare the corn also prepare to deep fry them or preheat your oven
to 400 F or 200 C for at least 15 mins.

  * ▢

Corn have to be moist at this stage. Then sprinkle salt, pepper, 3 tbsps corn
flour and 3 tbsps rice flour. Toss them to coat with the flour. If using egg,
pour 1 egg white and mix well. Then sprinkle flour. Toss well.

  * ▢

Next repeat adding the rest of the flour as needed. Toss them again. If needed
sprinkle 1 tbsp water. Toss. Avoid water if using egg.

  * ▢

If you like more crispy flour coated on the corn then repeat coating them once
more, sprinkling 1 tbsp more water if needed. The corn kernels must look
floury at the same time they should not be dry. I did not do it the third
time.

#### Grilling in oven

  * ▢

Spread the prepared corn on a parchment paper or greased sheet. Grill them for
24 to 30 mins until they turn golden and crisp.

#### Frying crispy corn

  * ▢

Pour oil to a hot deep pan for frying. Heat it on a medium flame.

  * ▢

When the oil turns hot, drop one corn kernel and check. The oil must be quite
hot at this stage otherwise the flour may disperse in the oil.

  * ▢

I added about 2 to 3 ladles of corn for each batch and quickly covered with
the splatter screen.

  * ▢

Regulate the flame to medium and do not disturb until you see them floating on
top. If they turn lumpy gently separate them.

  * ▢

When they turn crunchy remove to a colander. A plate or kitchen tissue tends
to make them soft quickly.

  * ▢

Before adding the next batch of corn to oil, ensure the oil is hot enough
again.

#### Seasoning crispy corn

  * ▢

Add all the fried crispy corn to a bowl. Sprinkle red chili powder, cumin
powder and chaat masala.

  * ▢

Immediately remove to serving plates. Sprinkle some onions and chopped
coriander leaves..

  * ▢

Serve crispy corn immediately. If desired just squeeze in few drops of lemon
juice.

Advertisement

### Notes

You may need more flour unless you use egg.



Alternative quantities provided in the recipe card are for 1x only, original
recipe.

For best results follow my detailed step-by-step photo instructions and tips
above the recipe card.

### NUTRITION INFO (estimation only)

Nutrition Facts

Crispy corn recipe

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 194 Calories from Fat 18

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 2g **3%**

 **Sodium** 313mg **14%**

 **Potassium** 302mg **9%**

 **Carbohydrates** 43g **14%**

Fiber 3g **13%**

Sugar 5g **6%**

 **Protein** 4g **8%**

**Vitamin A** 550IU **11%**

 **Vitamin C** 13.4mg **16%**

 **Calcium** 22mg **2%**

 **Iron** 1mg **6%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Tried this recipe?Mention @SwasthisRecipes or tag #swasthisrecipes!

(C) Swasthi's Recipes

__WhatsApp

 __Share 982

 __Pin 1K

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

2K Shares

**FOR MORE RECIPES**

Please leave this field empty

Enter & Confirm eMail ID for Swasthi's Recipes Newsletter *

Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.

  

## Post navigation

Previous Previous

Eggless chocolate chip cookies

NextContinue

Cheese Balls Recipe

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

11 Comments

__Inline Feedbacks

View all comments

Meghna

Love your recipes! Can I use frozen corn for this recipe?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Meghna

Thank you! Cut kernels burst in oil. So fresh corn on the cob are best for
safety reasons.

Reply

Advertisement

Mariam

  
Hi Swathi,

I've tried this recepie and the outcome was excellent.

Keep sharing.!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Mariam

Hi Mariam  
Glad to know! Thank you

Reply

Shruthi

  
It was really yumm!!! Tried it as I was missing restaurant crispy corn during
this lockdown was hesitant to eat out.  
Came out perfect.!!!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Shruthi

Glad to know Shruthi  
Thank you

Reply

Surya

Hi Swathi,

What other flours can I use instead of corn flour in the recipe?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Surya

Hi Surya,  
I haven't tried but it should work with maida (all-purpose flour) and rice
flour

Reply

Nisha

  
Taste was very good but binding has not come properly… Followed your
instructions but it has not turned crispy… Any advice?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Nisha

Hi Nisha,  
I guess you didn't coat the corn well with flour. You must sprinkle flour and
then water if needed until the flour coats the corn fully.

Reply

Simran

  
Very taste and easy to cook …thanks for sharing it with us

Reply

Advertisement

Advertisement

(C) 2022 Swasthi's Recipes

Insert

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Popular RecipesExpand child menuExpand

    * Matar Paneer
    * Butter Chicken
    * Chana Masala
    * Dal Makhani
    * Gobi Manchurian
    * Chicken Tikka Masala
  * SocialExpand child menuExpand

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Twitter
    * Pinterest
    * Youtube

Toggle Menu Close

Search for:

Search

