https://www.dinneratthezoo.com/honey-chicken/


  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * Twitter

  * About
  * Contact Me
  *     * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * RSS
    * Twitter

Dinner at the Zoo

  * All Recipes
  * Dinner
  * Appetizers
  * Dessert
  * One Pot Meals
  * Slow Cooker
  * Asian Food

Home » Asian Food » Honey Chicken

Published: May 6, 2020 Last Modified: May 14, 2020 By Sara 35 Comments

# Honey Chicken

  * Pinterest
  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Email

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

 _This honey chicken is crispy pieces of chicken breast that are fried to
golden brown perfection, then tossed in a sweet and savory honey sauce. A
homemade version of the takeout classic that tastes even better than what you
would get at a restaurant!_

My family loves when I prepare some of our favorite Asian style dishes at home
including sweet and sour chicken, egg rolls and this amazingly delicious honey
chicken. Add a side of rice and dinner is served!

Whenever I eat at P.F. Chang's I have to order the honey chicken. I just can't
resist that combination of ultra crispy chicken with sauce! This copycat
version is simple to make, and is sure to please the whole family.

## How do you make honey chicken?

The first step is to cook up the chicken. Dip pieces of chicken breast into a
seasoned egg mixture, then coat them in a blend of corn starch and flour. Fry
the chicken until it's golden brown and cooked through. While the chicken is
cooking, prepare the sauce. Place honey, soy sauce and seasonings in a pan,
then bring the mixture to a simmer. Stir in a little corn starch to thicken
the sauce. Toss the cooked chicken pieces in the sauce, then top with green
onions and enjoy.

## Tips for the perfect chicken

  * Be sure to use a frying thermometer so that you can closely monitor the temperature of the oil. If the oil is too hot, the coating can burn before the chicken is cooked through. If the oil is too cold, the chicken will absorb excess grease.
  * This dish is best served immediately as the chicken coating will eventually soften as it soaks up the sauce. If you'd like to have leftovers for another day, plan to store a portion of the crispy chicken separate from the sauce. That way you can reheat the chicken and sauce on their own, and the dish will maintain its flavor and texture.
  * I typically use a basic clover honey for my honey chicken, but other varieties of honey will also work. I recommend using a milder flavor honey so that the flavor of the sauce doesn't overpower the chicken.
  * Use a neutral flavored oil with a high smoke point such as vegetable oil, canola oil or peanut oil.

## Flavor Variations

While I love this recipe as written, sometimes I use other ingredients for a
different flavor.

  * Protein: Try using pieces of chicken thighs instead of breasts for a richer flavor. Another option is to use medium sized shrimp.
  * Vegetables: Feel free to add some cooked vegetables to the chicken and sauce, some good options include broccoli, zucchini or carrots.
  * Spice: Love spicy food? Add some heat to the sauce with sriracha or crushed red pepper flakes to taste.

## What to serve with honey chicken

While I often serve this dish over steamed white rice, other great grain
options include crispy fried rice noodles, quinoa, brown rice, or a boiled
rice or egg noodle. If you're looking to save a few carbs, try serving your
honey chicken over cauliflower rice or zucchini noodles.

You cannot go wrong with this dish - it's packed with bold flavors and is just
as good as anything you'd get at your favorite Asian restaurant!

### More Asian food favorites

  * General Tso's Chicken
  * Beef Chow Mein
  * Potstickers
  * Fried Wontons
  * Chicken Fried Rice

## Honey Chicken Video

Print Pin

5 from 23 votes

## Honey Chicken

This honey chicken is crispy pieces of chicken breast that are fried to golden
brown perfection, then tossed in a sweet and savory honey sauce. A homemade
version of the takeout classic that tastes even better than what you would get
at a restaurant!

Course Main

Cuisine Asian

Prep Time 25 minutes

Cook Time 20 minutes

Total Time 45 minutes

Servings 6

Calories 323kcal

Author Sara Welch

### Ingredients

#### For the chicken

  * ▢ 1 1/2 pounds boneless skinless chicken breasts cut into 1 inch pieces
  * ▢ 2 eggs
  * ▢ salt and pepper to taste
  * ▢ 1/2 cup all purpose flour
  * ▢ 1/2 cup  cornstarch
  * ▢ oil for frying canola or vegetable oil
  * ▢ 1/4 cup green onions thinly sliced

#### For the sauce

  * ▢ 1/2 cup honey
  * ▢ 2  tablespoons soy sauce
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons water divided use
  * ▢ 1/2 teaspoon toasted sesame oil
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon corn starch

### Instructions

#### For the chicken

  * Place the eggs, salt and pepper in a bowl. Stir to combine.

  * Place the flour and 1/2 cup corn starch in a shallow bowl or on a plate. Stir to combine.

  * Dip each piece of chicken into the egg mixture, then into the flour. Repeat the process with all of the chicken.

  * Heat 3 inches of oil in a deep pot to 350 degrees F.

  * Add 7-8 pieces of chicken to the pan. Cook for 5 minutes or until crispy and golden brown. Repeat the process with the remaining chicken.

  * Drain the chicken on paper towels.

#### For the sauce

  * While the chicken is cooking, make the sauce. Place the honey, soy sauce, 1 tablespoon of water, sesame oil and apple cider vinegar in a small pan. Bring to a simmer.

  * Mix the corn starch with the remaining tablespoon of water. Pour the corn starch mixture into the honey mixture. 

  * Bring the sauce to a boil. Cook, stirring constantly, for 1-2 minutes or until sauce has thickened.

  * Toss the honey sauce with the chicken. Sprinkle with green onions, then serve.

### Nutrition

Calories: 323kcal | Carbohydrates: 40g | Protein: 27g | Fat: 14g | Saturated
Fat: 1g | Cholesterol: 127mg | Sodium: 156mg | Potassium: 471mg | Sugar: 11g |
Vitamin A: 115IU | Vitamin C: 9.2mg | Calcium: 20mg | Iron: 1.4mg

Tried this Recipe? Tag me Today!Mention @DinnerAtTheZoo or tag
#dinneratthezoo!

  * Pinterest
  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Email

Filed Under: Asian Food, Dinner

## FREE TOOLKIT: 5 Secrets to Meal Planning

Learn my _5 Meal Planning Secrets_ & get my Meal Planning Toolkit...FREE!

Yes, Sign Me Up!

​  
​

**Still hungry? Follow Dinner at the Zoo onFacebook, Twitter, Instagram and
Pinterest for more great recipe ideas!**

« Tomato Avocado Salad

Homemade French Fries »

### Comments

  1. shawn says

January 19, 2022 at 7:54 am

  
I love breaded, fried food, but it doesn't love me, so I made this without the
breading and it is still so delicious. Definitely going in the rotation!

Reply

  2. Lacy says

July 3, 2021 at 12:18 pm

  
I first tried to make this recipe using my Air Fryer instead of frying the
chicken and it was not good. No fault of the recipe though as I did not follow
it!

I then made it again and cut the corn starch out of the chicken coating, just
dipping it in egg and then flour and it was wonderful!

Reply

  3. Debbie Tkaczyk says

April 19, 2021 at 9:32 pm

  
I made the Honey Chicken, this recipe was truly amazing, I doubled the sauce
bc I had a lot of cubed chicken pieces, in the end, I will be cooking this
recipe again, and I added chopped onion and chopped mushrooms as I wanted to
use these ingredients while they were fresh. Thank you. I had a chance to at
least taste some it Honey Chicken, I’ll make even more sauce the next time.

Reply

  4. Nicole says

March 17, 2021 at 7:59 pm

Made this tonight and it was excellent. I love your recipes!

Reply

  5. Samantha says

March 9, 2021 at 5:50 pm

Hi, is there a specific brand of honey and sesame oil that you recommend?

Reply

    * Sara says

March 9, 2021 at 7:27 pm

I just use clover honey and either Dynasty or Trader Joe's sesame oil

Reply

  6. Catherine Dickey says

January 16, 2021 at 9:43 pm

For the comments I READ WILL SOON TRY THIS RECIPE LOVE the honey part you add

Reply

  7. Heathrr says

January 15, 2021 at 2:43 pm

  
Fantastic recipe. My husband and kids LOVED it. Will make it again

Reply

  8. Kristy says

August 14, 2020 at 10:55 am

Is there anything I could substitute for the sesame oil?

Reply

    * Sara says

August 14, 2020 at 3:29 pm

There's not a great substitute you'd need to omit it!

Reply

« Older Comments

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

  
With 3 young kids, dinner can feel like feeding time at the zoo! I'm a mom on
a mission to create easy, healthy and family friendly recipes ...Read More

#### Grilling Recipes

## Huli Huli Chicken

## Jerk Shrimp Kabobs

## The Best Pork Chop Marinade

## Grilled Peaches with Cinnamon

## Grilled Chicken Salad

## Hawaiian Chicken Kabobs

More Posts from this Category

#### Featured Recipes

## Orange Shrimp and Broccoli

## Shrimp Pesto Pasta

## Burrito Bowls with Chicken

## Hamburger Casserole

## FREE TOOLKIT: 5 Secrets to Meal Planning

Learn my _5 Meal Planning Secrets_ & get my Meal Planning Toolkit...FREE!

Yes, Sign Me Up!

​  
​

#### Categories

Categories Select Category Air Fryer Appetizers Asian Food Baking Breakfast
Brunch Cocktail Parties Comfort Food Cookies Crafts and Parties Cupcakes
Dessert Dinner Drinks Easter Easy Meal Plan Sunday Eat Your Veggies Everyday
Meals Featured Recipes Gluten Free Grilling Instant Pot Light & Healthy Lunch
One Pot Meals Pasta Quick & Easy Dinners Roundups Salads Sauces & Seasonings
Side Dishes Slow Cooker Smoker Snacks Soup Spring Recipes St. Patrick's Day
Uncategorized Vegetarian Dishes

PRIVACY POLICY  ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT  © Sara Welch and Dinner at the Zoo®
LLC, 2015-2022.

MENU & SEARCH

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * Twitter

  * About Me
  * Contact Me
  * All Recipes
  * Dinner
  * Appetizers
  * Dessert
  * One Pot Meals
  * Slow Cooker
  * Asian Food

