https://cafedelites.com/easy-honey-garlic-chicken/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

Cafe Delites

for good food lovers

  * Recipe Index
  * About Me
    * BOOKS
  * Contact Me
    * Policies
      * Disclaimer
      * Copyright
    * MEDIA

You are here: Home / Recipes / Easy Honey Garlic Chicken

By Karina 220 Comments Filed Under: Chicken

# Easy Honey Garlic Chicken

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

 **Sticky and Easy Honey Garlic Chicken made fast and simple, with the most
amazing 5-ingredient honey garlic sauce that is so good you’ll want to use it
on everything!**

With a recipe that includes both chicken thighs AND chicken breasts, you're
just minutes away from the most addictive Honey Garlic Chicken dinner the
whole family loves! The perfect meal to have when you feel like eating
something sweet with a hint of savoury.

Crisp and sticky skin (which is optional), a beautiful sauce and perfectly
cooked chicken. It doesn't get any better!

##

This super-simple recipe makes a crisp-tender chicken with a perfect, sticky
glaze. You may (or may not) remember the crispy oven fried chicken I made a
couple months ago? Well, this sauce was so good on those chicken pieces, that
I wondered what would happen if I cooked some pieces right in the sauce
without any crumbing or breading needed.

## Honey Garlic Chicken

This sauce not only tastes amazing, it's incredible satisfying watching it
bubble and morph into a perfectly balanced savoury, sweet and garlicky syrup.
But your mouth really begins to water watching the sauce simmer all around
your chicken and coat it so effortlessly. The bonus of this recipe? It makes
up so much sauce that you have enough to drizzle to over some rice or steamed
broccoli.

### Chicken thighs or breasts?

Chicken thighs are perfect for this recipe, since dark meat is super moist and
packed full of flavour. Although, we also love this recipe with chicken
breasts… they are incredible in this sauce.

The best part about this Honey Garlic Chicken? You have ALL the ingredients in
your kitchen pantry/kitchen tap/refrigerator already.

  * Honey? YES ✓
  * Soy Sauce? YES ✓
  * Vinegar? YES ✓
  * Water? OF COURSE ✓
  * Garlic? Not even a question ✓

So few ingredients needed for the perfect sweet to salty honey garlic sauce
that will have you licking your fingers after every juicy bite.

### WATCH US MAKE THE MOST ADDICTIVE HONEY GARLIC CHICKEN RIGHT HERE!

**For more Chicken Recipes, try these!**

  * Browned Butter Honey Garlic Chicken
  * Honey Garlic Sriracha Chicken
  * Oven Fried Chicken with Broccoli + Honey Garlic Sauce

**You may also love these!**

  * Honey Garlic Salmon
  * Lobster Tails with Honey Garlic Butter White Wine Sauce
  * Browned Butter Honey Garlic Shrimp

**Need to cook it in a slow cooker instead? Try ourSlow Cooker recipe!**

# Easy Honey Garlic Chicken Recipe

Sticky and Easy Honey Garlic Chicken made simple, with the most amazing and
addictive 5-ingredient honey garlic sauce that is so good you’ll want it on
everything! Quick and easy using chicken thighs or breasts, your new family
favourite chicken dinner is here!

**ORIGINAL RECIPE BY KARINA, CAFEDELITES ©**

PRINT SAVE go to your favorites

Prep: 10 mins

Cook: 20 mins

Total: 30 mins

Serves: 6 people

### Ingredients

  * 6 chicken thighs, bone in or out, with or without skin*
  * Salt and pepper, to season
  * 2 teaspoons garlic powder, to season
  * 6 cloves garlic, crushed
  * 1/3 cup honey
  * 1/4 cup water (or chicken broth)
  * 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar (or apple cider vinegar, or any white vinegar)
  * 1 tablespoon soy sauce

### Instructions

  * Season chicken with salt, pepper and garlic powder; set aside.

  * Heat a pan or skillet over medium high heat; sear chicken thigh fillets or breast fillets on both sides until golden and cooked through.

#### FOR BONE IN THIGHS:

  * Reduce heat after searing on both sides, cover skillet with a lid and continue cooking until the chicken is cooked through, while turning every 5 minutes until done. Alternatively, see notes for oven method.

  * Drain most of the excess oil from the pan, leaving about 2 tablespoons of pan juiced for added flavour.

#### FOR SAUCE:

  * When chicken is done and cooked through, arrange chicken skin-side up in the pan (if cooking with skin); add the garlic between the chicken and fry until fragrant (about 30 seconds). Add the honey, water, vinegar and soy sauce. Increase heat to medium-high and continue to cook until the sauce reduces down and thicken slightly (about 3-4 minutes).

  * Garnish with parsley and serve over vegetables, rice, pasta or with a salad.

### Notes

*For chicken breasts: use 3 breasts, sliced horizontally in half. Sear breast fillets on each side until golden and cooked through (about 6 minutes per side, depending on the thickness of your fillets). Continue directions from the sauce, onwards.  
**For oven baked, bone-in thighs: Preheat oven at 400°F or 200°C. Sear chicken
in an oven proof skillet or pan, skin side down first for 3 minutes. Flip and
sear for a further 3 minutes until browned each side. Then bake in the oven
for a further 20-25 minutes, until completely cooked through and no longer
pink inside. Continue directions from the sauce, onwards.

### Nutrition

Calories: 384kcal | Carbohydrates: 17g | Protein: 24g | Fat: 24g | Saturated
Fat: 6g | Cholesterol: 141mg | Sodium: 281mg | Potassium: 336mg | Sugar: 15g |
Vitamin A: 115IU | Vitamin C: 0.9mg | Calcium: 17mg | Iron: 1.2mg

« Crispy Garlic Butter Parmesan Smashed Potatoes

Meal Plan Week 10 »

### Subscribe to Cafe Delites FOR FREE and Receive Recipes Straight Into Your
Inbox!

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Ling says

December 08, 2020 at 10:20 pm

  
I tried your recipe tonight using boneless chicken leg with skin. It was so
easy to cook and the flavour of the sauce was spot-on! It was amazing how the
honey, water, apple cider vinegar, soy sauce and garlic complement one another
so well. My kids loved it and so did I. Thank you so much for sharing such a
good recipe. 🙂

Reply

  2. Carolyn says

December 04, 2020 at 8:18 am

  
Wow! The recipe was very simple yet the result is like something I’d get from
a restaurant! I can hardly even cook rice, yet I managed to cook this and it
was delicious!

Reply

  3. Rheena Padilla says

September 29, 2020 at 2:53 am

  
Thank you for this recipe, it's really yummy. My husband loved the taste.

Reply

  4. Alison says

September 24, 2020 at 4:34 pm

  
Quick and easy recipe. Highly recommend!

Reply

  5. Sonni-Ali says

September 14, 2020 at 11:04 pm

  
I had a crystallized bottle of honey and couldn't find a use for it until I
saw this recipe. Made this recipe this morning with chicken legs and it was
great!!!! Substituted the soy sauce with Ponzu and added 1/8 tsp red pepper
flakes, 1/2 tsp five spice and 1/4 tsp ground ginger. It made a such a
beautiful garlic sauce that I will never buy store made again.

This is the second recipe I have used from your site (the first was
firecracker salmon) and I love them both. This is such a great website!!! I
love everything about it.

Reply

  6. Ilyne says

August 24, 2020 at 9:10 am

  
Made this with diced chicken breast and my whole family liked it so much they
asked me to add to the rotation. Thanks for providing a simple super tasty
recipe. Served with roasted broccoli and fries.

Reply

  7. Hannah says

August 10, 2020 at 3:03 am

  
Delish!  
Made as written using the boneless skinless thighs and rice vinegar. So much
flavor! Love that I always have those ingredients on hand. It's hard to find a
simple recipe that tastes amazing! A keeper for sure - thank you!

Reply

  8. TAMARA says

August 09, 2020 at 9:47 am

  
Awesome recipe! Best we've had and kids all loved it! How long does the extra
last for in the fridge for?

Reply

  9. Jane says

July 29, 2020 at 9:54 am

  
So simple and sooo tasty - my 14 yr old and 9 yr old loved it! Served it with
a simple white rice - delish!

Reply

  10. Jimmy says

July 23, 2020 at 3:53 pm

This is such an easy recipe and the flavours are off the chart. My husband
loved it!  
I served it with roasted potatoes and roasted brussel sprouts for a little
crunch

Reply

  11. Jimmy says

July 23, 2020 at 3:50 pm

This is such an easy recipe and the flavours are off the chart. My husband
loved it!  
I served it with roasted potatoes and roasted brussel sprouts for a little
crunch.

Reply

  12. rlpitts1913 says

July 23, 2020 at 5:50 am

  
now this was good. I used red wine vinegar because I didn’t have white…
probably added more soy sauce than I was supposed to but you can’t go wrong
there! All in all, it was delicious with my garlic & butter rice!

Reply

  13. rlpitts1913 says

July 23, 2020 at 5:49 am

now this was good. I used red wine vinegar because I didn't have white…
probably added more soy sauce than I was supposed to but you can't go wrong
there! All in all, it was delicious with my garlic & butter rice!

Reply

  14. Erica g says

July 15, 2020 at 8:33 am

Love this and all your recipes are always the best!! I added a squirt of
barbeque sauce in and it turned out fire

Reply

  15. Debbie says

June 07, 2020 at 2:24 am

  
We really enjoyed this recipe! I was looking for an air fryer chicken recipe
and saw this. I followed others and added some fresh minced ginger (about 4-5
slices) and about 1/2 tsp. chili garlic sauce, and doubled the sauce. I'd add
less ginger next time, and maybe a tad more chili sauce. I brushed a small
amount of olive oil on thigh skins, then added seasonings. Cooked about 25
minutes in air fryer @ 350, turning over a few times. They were so golden and
crispy. Made the sauce in a fry pan as stated, and added the chicken back in
at the end to coat. Will definitely make again! Plus…. no "fry" mess to clean
up! Thanks!

Reply

  16. Mercedes says

June 02, 2020 at 4:43 am

  
Delicious, quick, and easy! Will be keeping this recipe in my back pocket.
Thank you!

Reply

  17. Osh says

June 01, 2020 at 7:03 am

  
This recipe was promising until the instructions tell you to cook the already
cooked chicken with the sauce until it thickens. The sauce took a more than
3-4 min to thicken. For me, this caused the chicken to be over cooked and
tough to chew. Next time, I will make the sauce separate and pour it on the
chicken. I do look forward to trying it again!

Reply

    * Mindy says

September 10, 2020 at 9:18 am

  
Really good love the flavor.. i think next time I'll add just a tie bit of
cornstarch slurry to the sauce though so its thicker. I will definitely make
again.

Reply

  18. Rachel says

May 30, 2020 at 1:31 am

  
Made this last week and it turned out really well! What I really like is how
it’s so easy and there’s no need to marinade for so long. Great recipe. Will
definitely do this again.

Reply

    * lisa says

May 30, 2020 at 9:14 pm

I have a question on searing the chicken and draining most of the excess oil
from the pan when done searing. There is no mention on oil or butter to sear
chicken. ??? Sear in dry pan? Where does the oil come from (to drain when done
searing) ???

Reply

      * Marcia says

June 03, 2020 at 6:23 am

The video shows using a little olive oil to fry them in.

Reply

      * Danelle Mitchell says

June 27, 2020 at 4:26 am

I watched the video and saw they drizzled the coated pan before the chicken. I
hope this helps.

Reply

      * Nathan says

August 07, 2020 at 11:24 am

Hi Lisa, chicken produces its own oil when cooked, so you don't need to add
oil. The oil will just come out of the chicken. Just pan-fry it by itself.

Reply

  19. yasmina says

May 17, 2020 at 7:03 pm

i love this place. goodness this website is amazing. i mean its so great
honestly. well done thanks. i just tried the fudgy brownie last night and it
turned out amazing 🙂

Reply

  20. Sydney says

April 29, 2020 at 1:16 pm

Right up my alley! Recipes with just a few ingredients that are handy and full
of flavor. I have a lots of Chicken in my freezer and although I have several
go-to chicken recipes there is always room for one more, and this one just
made it to the list. The simplicity, flavor, and ease of this recipe is
outstanding.

Reply

  21. Lisa says

April 27, 2020 at 1:58 pm

  
This was so easy and delicious! I had white wine vinegar on hand and it worked
nicely! We poured the extra sauce over white rice, every plate was clean and I
had no left overs, which is rare with my picky 7 year old. Great dish! I’ll
definitely make again.

Reply

  22. Rose says

April 21, 2020 at 9:12 pm

I am so looking forward to making this for dinner tonight. A question that I
have though do I absolutely have to use vinegar or can I just opt it out? I
personally don’t like vinegar.

Reply

    * Claire B says

April 27, 2020 at 4:27 am

  
Can’t even taste the vinegar . I did add a little more honey than instructed

Reply

  23. Zulma Stein says

April 20, 2020 at 12:08 pm

  
I made this for my husband last night. I opted for the chicken thighs bone in
and served it over jasmine rice and a side of asparagus. He absolutely loved
it. Thank you!!! I am saving this recipe for life.

Reply

  24. Chloe says

April 16, 2020 at 8:35 am

  
Made this today for my family's dinner and it was ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS!! My
whole family loved it and I will definitely be making this again!

Reply

  25. steph says

April 14, 2020 at 9:28 am

  
cooked the cubed chicken with sesame oil and added some red chili flakes to
spice it up. served it with jasmine rice and broccoli, next time ill have to
make double the sauce because it was so good!

Reply

  26. ArCro says

April 01, 2020 at 10:53 am

  
Thank you for this simple and DELICIOUS recipe. I made it as written with
boneless skinless thighs, topped with green onions to garnish and had Jasmine
rice and a quick sautee of onions, zucchini, carrots, mushrooms, cabbage, and
red peppers. Everyone was in love with it. My only complaint is that there
wasn't enough for seconds. We will for sure have this again very soon. It was
a super tasty treat especially for these stay at home days. Thanks again and
cheers to you.

Reply

  27. Nick B says

March 31, 2020 at 9:52 am

  
I was very skeptical about making this recipe but it turned out so good and I
unfortunately have no leftovers for tomorrow!!!

Reply

  28. aiman says

March 21, 2020 at 10:47 pm

  
excellent excellent recipe  
thank you very much!!!!  
my wife and children loved it

Reply

  29. Jenny Flannigan says

March 18, 2020 at 8:55 am

I use seasoned rice vinegar often on veggies. Only had the seasoned one on
hand but it still worked out perfectly, so I made a meatloaf with your honey
sauce, just switched the soy sauce for ketchup and added a tiny bit of brown
sugar. Best meat loaf topping ever!!! I'll be experimenting making other
sauces using your sauce as a base guide. Thanks for the head start on my
future sauces.

Reply

  30. Lauren K. says

January 31, 2020 at 8:12 am

  
I absolutely love this recipe. I have prepared this recipe as written
numberous times. It is my go-to when I don't know what to make for dinner. I
typically make this with jasmine rice and I add frozen green beans to the
sauce. I have added garlic chili sauce and ginger for a spicier version. I
have made it with chopped basil added. So delicious. Thank you for the great
recipe!

Reply

    * T. Nazario says

March 31, 2020 at 3:25 am

Making this tonight

Reply

    * Ali says

July 31, 2020 at 11:59 am

  
Made this tonight; used breast instead. Still turned out amazing; husband
loved it. Will for sure do this again.

Reply

  31. Maureen MacDonad says

January 21, 2020 at 1:58 am

  
This is such an easy recipe and the flavours are off the chart. My husband
loved it!  
I served it with roasted potatoes and roasted brussel sprouts for a little
crunch.

Reply

  32. Maryam says

January 06, 2020 at 9:07 pm

  
Great recipe, you could top off with some spring onions and add some broccoli
and chili for an extra crunch

Reply

  33. Marina says

September 27, 2019 at 6:34 am

  
This is an amazing recipe and super simple, I've made it 3 times so far and
it's just as great to make for my family as it is to make just for myself.

Reply

  34. Tara says

March 23, 2019 at 4:24 pm

Looks amazing! Honey chicken is so versatile it’s def a favorite!

Reply

  35. Joe Doolittle says

March 11, 2019 at 7:41 am

  
I had no idea making Honey garlic sauce was so easy ? the chicken turned out
better then I could have hoped. Thanks very much will be making this again !

Reply

  36. Love says

March 06, 2019 at 9:16 am

I first made this at home for myself a couple of weeks back and loved it. My
younger sis found some of the leftovers, ate out of it and has been begging me
to make more. Lol. Tonight i went over to my older sister’s house, she asked
me to make dinner and i made this with plantain as sides. I used exactly the
recipe for your sauce but seasoned my chicken with completely different spices
and herbs. Also went heavy on pepper ( cayenne pepper, Cameroon pepper and
lemon pepper) for extra zing. My sister’s husband loved it so much and called
it a restaurant quality meal, while my sister went : so you came to outshine
me in my own home.lol! She loved it so much she wished i had made enough for
left overs. Thank you so much! I think i have found my signature dish.

Reply

  37. Alyssn says

January 29, 2019 at 1:20 pm

  
I made this tonight and it was a big hit! Normally have left overs but tonight
there were none. Makes me happy to see happy plates, will make this again!
Thank you for the recipe!

Reply

  38. Mel says

January 17, 2019 at 4:37 pm

  
I doubled the sauce as I was making a batch of 12 thighs.  
It came out amazing! I used chicken broth instead of water, cider vinegar and
all a little extra honey than required. I added corn starch to thicken and it
was the perfect consistency. I was told it was the best chicken my family had
ever tasted lol. Definitely will be making it again.

Reply

  39. Veronica l says

January 11, 2019 at 8:00 pm

Recipe was great. I accident added too much water/broth. Just needed to cook
it down a bit longer. definitely recommend broth over water. Apple cider
vinegar goes great with chicken but rice vinegar or others are good
alternatives. Thank you.

Reply

  40. Ye-Won Song says

December 31, 2018 at 9:34 am

  
I made this for dinner tonight for the first time and it was very delicious!!
Thank you for sharing this recipe.

Reply

  41. Bonnie says

December 29, 2018 at 2:10 pm

  
This is 10 stars

Reply

  42. Katie says

December 15, 2018 at 12:11 pm

  
This is a delicious dish!! It is going in the rotation for sure. I am a little
embarrassed that I was scraping the bottom of my cast iron pan for the burnt,
carlmalized, ooey, gooey bits-AMAMZING!!!!

Reply

    * Karina says

December 18, 2018 at 5:10 pm

Hi Katie!

This makes me so glad to hear! It really is a great dish. Thanks for the
comment and for following along with me! xo

Reply

  43. lisa says

December 06, 2018 at 6:34 am

  
Thanks so much for the delicious recipe. I made it with skinless chicken
thighs and put them back in the pan and covered it while I let the sauce
reduce. Was a very easy recipe and the sauce was amazing.

Reply

  44. jennifer says

December 03, 2018 at 6:52 pm

I don’t have vinegar 🙁 can i skip that step or is their anything i can
substitute it for?

Reply

    * Karina says

December 06, 2018 at 9:51 pm

This rice wine vinegar adds a lot of flavor to the chicken. I would recommend
using lemon or some other liquid to add to the chicken in order to keep a rich
flavor and tender/juicy inside. Let me know how it turns out! XO

Reply

  45. Samantha says

October 09, 2018 at 8:26 am

Hey girl, does the chicken broth add more flavor rather than water? Excited to
make this for my hubby tonight as he leaves for a month.

Reply

    * Karina says

October 12, 2018 at 4:38 pm

Yes! Chicken broth adds a hint of flavor especially compared to water.

Reply

  46. Debbie says

October 07, 2018 at 12:42 pm

  
Has anyone made this in a slow cooker? If yes does anything change? Time,
setting? I have made this as the recipe states and it’s a new family favorite.

Reply

  47. Andj says

October 07, 2018 at 5:51 am

  
Loved this! How would you suggest marinating if we wanted to infuse the
chicken with a bit more flavor?

Reply

    * Karina says

October 07, 2018 at 7:22 am

You can marinate it over night to help add flavor! That sounds delicious!
Enjoy! XOXO

Reply

  48. Yum says

September 26, 2018 at 7:38 pm

  
This was delicious! Highly recommend and if you like spice, add some spicy
frozen/fresh chilis.

Reply

  49. Amy says

September 10, 2018 at 7:41 am

  
We’ve made this several times, each time it has been delicious. I like to add
broccoli and steamed carrots, chop the chicken, and add rice to make it a stir
fry. I also double the sauce!

Reply

  50. Nicola says

September 04, 2018 at 8:23 pm

Question, can you cook and freeze batches out of the chicken and sauce? Many
thanks.

Reply

  51. Chas says

August 25, 2018 at 7:17 am

  
What is being sprinkled on the chicken in the pan once it's done….

Reply

    * Melissa Boos says

January 22, 2019 at 9:31 am

It looks like sesame seeds and parsley in the video.

Reply

  52. Heather says

July 23, 2018 at 7:10 am

  
This is my new fav! Thanks!

Reply

  53. W says

July 17, 2018 at 6:17 pm

I’ve just tried it! And it’s my first time! A it’s good! ?

Reply

  54. Carolyn Jones says

July 11, 2018 at 3:43 am

Can you bake it ?

Reply

    * Karina says

July 12, 2018 at 1:31 am

You are welcome to bake it! That sounds great! Let me know how it turns out!

Reply

    * Kaylyn says

August 17, 2019 at 3:06 am

  
I tried baking them and they turned out great! I love the sauce.

Reply

  55. Alexis says

June 27, 2018 at 11:53 am

I made it tonight and used Apple cider vinegar. It’s so easy and delicious!
Served with rice and spinach.

Reply

    * Karina says

June 27, 2018 at 2:48 pm

OH Great idea! I love that! Thank you so much for sharing! XO

Reply

  56. Vũ Diệu Linh says

June 07, 2018 at 11:55 pm

Just look at the picture, I can't resist trying this recipe. It looks so good.
The soy sauce makes the thigh softer than ever!

Reply

  57. Shahzada Choudhury says

June 03, 2018 at 3:32 am

  
Absolutely delicious! Cannot go wrong with the recipe. I would say it takes
roughly 50 minutes to do everything.

Reply

    * Karina says

June 03, 2018 at 12:14 pm

YAY! Thanks so much for the feedback! That is great to hear!

Reply

  58. Lilia Farris says

May 30, 2018 at 11:51 am

  
This was super delicious! My girlfriend and I added bell peppers, broccoli,
mushrooms, and onions to make it a stir fry and the flavors of the sauce were
still present.

Reply

    * Karina says

May 30, 2018 at 3:24 pm

That sounds delicious! Thank you for sharing!

Reply

  59. Matt Housam says

May 27, 2018 at 3:25 am

  
Made this as a side chicken dish for 6-8 people and it went down a treat with
them all!! The sauce is thick and flavourous, that leaves your taste buds with
100% satisfaction!! Would highly recommend to any start up chefs as a
perfectly easy executable chicken dish!! (For a whole meal for 6-8, purchase
two kilograms of chicken breast)

Reply

    * Karina says

May 27, 2018 at 2:28 pm

That is great to hear! Thank you so much for the awesome review! I am so glad
that you enjoyed it and that it was so good to everyone! Thank you so much for
sharing and following along with me!

Reply

  60. Jen says

May 16, 2018 at 7:21 am

  
This was an awesome recipe. Only thing I changed was to increase the honey to
1/2cup. I served it with Lemon butter herbed pasta. It was delicious. Adding
to my recipe box.

Reply

    * Karina says

May 18, 2018 at 2:20 am

MMM! That sounds delicious! I am so glad that you enjoyed them. Thank you so
much for sharing and following along with me!

Reply

  61. Alison says

May 09, 2018 at 12:30 am

  
Pleasantly surprised by this delicious recipe! Rather than using chicken
thighs, I used three chicken breasts and made nuggets my rolling them in
flour, egg, and panko. After pan frying those and draining them, I just
combined the sauce ingredients in the pan, mixed, then added the chicken back
in and let it thicken for the suggested time. It came out so yummy! I dubbed
it my "Panda Express Shit" ?

Reply

    * Karina says

May 09, 2018 at 10:23 pm

That is so great to hear! I am so glad that you made it your own and loved it!
Thank you so much for letting me know! I love what you dubbed it too! lol

Reply

  62. Bryn Michael Howlett says

May 01, 2018 at 12:11 pm

  
This was amazing, so glad I looked up this recipe, printed it out and it is
going in the recipe book!

Reply

    * Karina says

May 01, 2018 at 3:10 pm

That is great to hear! Thank you so much for following along with me and
choosing some of my recipes! Enjoy!

Reply

  63. Cindy says

May 01, 2018 at 10:43 am

  
This recipe was so delicious! I added about 1/4 tsp red pepper flakes, but
kept everything else the same. I served it with brown rice and sauteed
brussels sprouts w/ bacon and onion. My whole family loved this - thanks so
much!

Reply

  64. Felicia Kubi says

April 28, 2018 at 5:46 am

  
I made this with chicken breast and my husband loves it. How do I make this
for lage crowd (60 people)

Reply

    * Karina says

April 29, 2018 at 8:42 pm

Oh wow! That is a large crowd! This will need to be made probably in batches
and then you can bake them on a pan all at once in the oven for the 30
minutes. That will keep them all ready at the same time. I hope they all enjoy
it! Best of luck!

Reply

  65. Britt says

April 26, 2018 at 6:15 am

  
Hi, just wondering what you sprinkled on the end? Thanks

Reply

    * Karina says

April 26, 2018 at 3:28 pm

I sprinkled parsley at the very end. It is optional if you like. Thanks so
much for following along with me!

Reply

  66. Allison says

April 10, 2018 at 12:44 pm

  
This was easy and delicious, and I really did have all the ingredients in my
pantry!! I cut the chicken breasts into chunks; next time I think I'll dredge
them through flour before I sear them. I served the chicken over some pecan
rice, and finished the dish with a sprinkle of sesame seeds, a few crushed
candied pecans, and dusted it with some cilantro. It made a beautiful dish
that looked as good as it tasted!

Reply

  67. Ina Croteau says

April 07, 2018 at 5:32 am

  
Greetings to everyone,  
I just read thru all the messages and I can’t wait to make this dish for
dinner tonight. Sounds super easy and very flavorful….can’t wait. Surely it
would be great re-sautéed the following day-therefore I will double the
batch!! Can’t wait!!  
I made a bourbon chicken the other day and I think the recipe was from this
site…awesome recipes!!  
Thank you!! ?

Reply

  68. Josie says

April 04, 2018 at 8:14 am

  
Made this tonight on a whim and WOW! Next time i will take the chicken out and
make the sauce, also would like to add some cornstarch to thicken it more.
Other than awsome!

Reply

  69. Lindsey says

March 22, 2018 at 1:45 pm

  
This recipe was delicious!! It was incredibly easy and didn't require a lot of
planning! And whoa was I blown away by how incredible it tasted without having
to put much thought or energy into it. I will definitely be making this over
and over! I also cooked the sauce a little longer than the recipe stated to
make it thicker but overall, incredibly pleased with stumbling on this recipe!

Reply

  70. Vernon S. Miller says

March 19, 2018 at 11:36 am

  
Only one word - EXCELLENT!

Reply

  71. Noreen says

March 18, 2018 at 8:34 am

I made this tonight for the first time and my son and I LOVED it. The only
thing I did differently was to mix all the honey sauce ingredients, including
the fresh garlic together in a bowl and then add it when the chicken was
almost done. I also cooked the sauce longer than the recipe said about 10=15
minutes to really reduce it and thicken it. (I added the chicken breasts back
into the pot to finish the cooking process and used a spoon to put the sauce
over the chicken once the sauce thickened to keep the chicken moist while it
finished cooking! This is a great recipe that will be a regular in my home
now!!! Thank you!!

Reply

    * Karina says

March 19, 2018 at 9:16 am

YAY!! That is exciting to hear! I am so glad that you both loved it! A win for
you! I am glad that it is going to be a regular in your home! Thanks so much
for sharing!

Reply

  72. Amber says

March 17, 2018 at 1:52 pm

I just love this recipe. I am not a cook and this made my husband go, “Wow!” I
felt super proud of myself. Finally a dish that tastes great and is easy to
prepare. I love that I have almost everything in my kitchen already. I’m
making it again tonight. This time no skin and no bones. Can this also be used
with other meats or even shrimp or salmon?

Reply

    * Karina says

March 17, 2018 at 3:58 pm

That is awesome! I am so happy for you! I am so glad that everyone loved it! I
like the way you think! Yes, you are welcome to try other meats and see what
you like best! Thanks so much for following along with me!

Reply

  73. Sarah says

March 13, 2018 at 10:33 am

  
OMG I love this recipe!! It is so easy to make but yet so full of flavor!
Thank you for this delicious recipe 🙂

Reply

  74. Cheryl says

March 07, 2018 at 6:41 am

The recipe only has instructions for oven cooked bone in chicken. Is there a
reason to not use chicken breasts in the oven?

Reply

    * Karina says

March 10, 2018 at 6:37 pm

OH no, not at all. You are welcome to use chicken breasts instead. Sometimes
they tend to dry out quickly when cooking them so I prefer a bone in with the
darker meat and a little more moist. Hope that helps! Enjoy!

Reply

  75. Brooke says

March 06, 2018 at 2:34 pm

  
I've made this recipe twice so far. My family loved it both times. I used
chicken thighs the first time, and breasts the second time around. I
definitely liked the thighs better, as they're just a more moist and flavorful
cut of meat, but the breasts were okay too. The sauce is the best part
anyways. I paired it with some parmesan and lemon black rice, and roasted
asparagus. The whole family mmmmm'd and mmmmm'd. I followed the recipe exactly
both times and it turns out perfectly. It's for sure a keeper.

Reply

  76. LaChelle says

March 06, 2018 at 9:57 am

  
AMAZING! I made this tonight for dinner because I was in a rush. Taste was
amazing.

Reply

    * Karina says

March 07, 2018 at 5:05 am

That is great to hear! I am so glad that it came together smoothly and simply
for you!

Reply

  77. Kim says

March 01, 2018 at 6:07 pm

  
This recipe was such a hit! So easy to make and looked brilliant when served.

Reply

    * Karina says

March 03, 2018 at 10:43 am

That is awesome and just what I love to hear! Thanks so much for sharing!

Reply

  78. Yaya says

March 01, 2018 at 2:01 pm

  
Just made this for dinner tonight. Followed the directions and it turned out
great. I used two chicken breasts (all I had in the freezer) and cut them into
bite size pieces. No leftovers this time. Next time I will use more chicken so
we have leftovers.. (I'm not a big fan of leftovers, unless it's something
that was really good and this definitely was.)

Reply

    * Karina says

March 04, 2018 at 6:00 am

That is so great to hear! I am so glad that you found a recipe that you all
love AND didn't have leftovers!! YAY!! Win-Win!

Reply

  79. Cryatal says

February 12, 2018 at 10:46 am

  
I don’t have rice vinegar what can I substitute for it?

Reply

    * Karina says

February 12, 2018 at 4:48 pm

Rice wine vinegar can be substituted with white wine vinegar, apple cider
vinegar with a pinch of sugar, or a mixture of three parts white vinegar and
one part water. Hope that helps!

Reply

  80. Jaclyn says

February 09, 2018 at 9:48 am

  
I just tried this recipe tonight for dinner. I used 2 chicken breasts and
didn't filet them. I think I might have overcooked them a little bit but it
still turned out very tasty. It is a very easy recipe and cheap (I'm a college
student on a budget!) Thanks for the recipe!

Reply

    * Karina says

February 09, 2018 at 3:54 pm

YAY!! Good luck at college! I am so glad that it turned out okay and it was
affordable for you! Thanks for sharing!

Reply

  81. Mike Thornton says

February 03, 2018 at 10:32 am

  
I made this tonight and I was blown away with how good it was. Made it just
about exactly as written except I may have made the sauce a little thicker as
directed which turned out soooo good. I gave it 5 stars but several pluses
should be added to it!! This will be a regular meal in this household!!

Reply

    * Tymeron Smith says

February 05, 2018 at 7:04 pm

AWE!! Thanks so much! I am just so happy that you enjoyed it and that it
turned out great for you in your own home! Thanks so much for sharing and for
all the love!!

Reply

      * Charlene Burbett says

May 14, 2020 at 10:04 am

  
My family loves it. I cut up chicken breasts, then put it over rice and
broccoli. I used a similar recipe, and they didn't like it, so had to scour
the internet to find this again.

Reply

  82. Marissa says

January 30, 2018 at 3:03 am

  
This was one of the best chicken recipes I have ever made!! I have shared it
with everyone at work. Love love love 🙂

Reply

  83. Donna says

January 29, 2018 at 1:47 am

Hi your recipe says to fry chicken in pan but doesn't mention anything about
using oil so they don't stick. Did I miss that or do u use a few tsp of veg
oil?

Reply

    * Tymeron Smith says

January 31, 2018 at 4:05 pm

The chickens juices will help with the sticking. Once you add in the
ingredients it will bake all together nicely. Hope that helps!

Reply

  84. Natasha Sinha says

January 27, 2018 at 1:49 am

  
Lip smackingly delicious! My family went all ga-ga tonight! Danke!

Reply

  85. Justine says

January 26, 2018 at 10:26 am

  
This recipe was a great hit - I used boneless thighs and added a small amount
of chilli flakes and spring onions at the end. Can you please confirm if your
Tablespoons are Australian 20ml or US/UK 15 ml ones?

Reply

  86. Ashlyn says

January 25, 2018 at 8:59 am

  
So simple & delicious! Next time I am going to add some veggies!

Reply

  87. Tina says

January 23, 2018 at 9:04 am

No rice winner vinegar. Could I use white distilled vinegar or balsamic
vinegar?

Reply

    * Tymeron Smith says

January 31, 2018 at 10:24 am

Yes, you are welcome to substitute any ingredients. It may just alter the
taste a bit but will still have the right taste. Hope that helps! Enjoy!

Reply

  88. Karen says

January 19, 2018 at 9:22 am

  
Delicious. Even my husband liked it. Loved it. It’s a keeper

Reply

  89. Thomas Anastasio says

January 05, 2018 at 1:31 am

Just tried this last night and it is amazing! Fiance and I loved it.

Reply

  90. Saundra says

December 24, 2017 at 4:00 pm

  
My whole family loved this dish! Thank you!

Reply

    * Karina says

December 24, 2017 at 6:31 pm

You’re welcome Saundra!

Reply

  91. Steve says

December 11, 2017 at 2:55 pm

  
Awesome recipe! The whole family devoured it!

Reply

  92. Lisa van den Woldenberg says

November 09, 2017 at 3:24 am

  
I was in a pickle when my step-son stopped by for dinner and we hadn't made
dinner. I had boneless chicken thighs and drumsticks from Costco in the frig,
found this recipe online and decided to try it because I had the the other
ingredients in my pantry/frig. It was easy to make and turned out delicious.
The recipe is a keeper and the sauce would also work well with salmon.

Reply

    * Karina says

November 17, 2017 at 8:15 pm

YES! Salmon is amazing with this sauce. Have you seen this Browned Butter
Honey Garlic Salmon version? It's amazing! Thank you so much for sharing your
feedback Lisa 🙂

Reply

  93. Cindi says

October 10, 2017 at 10:36 am

  
Made this with drumsticks and thighs tonight. It was a complete success! Many
Thanks for sharing 🙂

Reply

    * Karina says

October 25, 2017 at 9:40 pm

YUM! You're welcome Cindi!

Reply

  94. Mary says

October 06, 2017 at 4:41 am

  
Made this dish for dinner and it was great  
I did make a few changes but it was wonderful

Reply

    * Karina says

October 25, 2017 at 9:48 pm

Thanks Mary!

Reply

    * Jaime Morrison says

December 13, 2019 at 6:33 am

Could I use boneless breast tenders? This looks awesome!

Reply

  95. Jen says

October 01, 2017 at 11:02 am

  
Made this tonight and it was so good! All four kids gobbled it up, including
my 3yo who refuses to eat anything unless it's drowned in mayonnaise. His
plate was clean before I even sat down, AND he asked for seconds, no
mayonnaise needed!! This is a definite winner!

Reply

  96. Davoid J Thornton says

August 26, 2017 at 1:00 pm

  
Made This For Several Friends Of Mine And It Was A HUGE Hit!!!

Reply

  97. Chanel says

August 23, 2017 at 9:35 am

  
My teenage son just yelled Oh My God from his room. So easy and so good. We
don't eat beef or pork so chicken is on the menu several nights a week. Thank
you for such an easy tasty recipe.

Reply

  98. Sandy says

August 04, 2017 at 1:24 pm

  
Made this tonight! So easy and so good. Used 4 skinless breasts, butterflied.
Double sauce ingredients which made enough to use on the brown rice I made
(used minced garlic from a jar). Also had steamed broccoli. Kiddos gobbled it
down! Thanks!

Reply

  99. Rebecca says

July 19, 2017 at 4:07 am

  
The Best Honey Garlic Chicken recipe hands down! Thank you for an easy yet
delicious recipe. I look forward to trying more of your recipes!!

Reply

  100. Julie Aaron says

June 26, 2017 at 10:55 am

  
I made this for dinner tonight and it was amazing! My husband said "I'm trying
hard not to lick the plate!" Also, my VERY picky eater liked it! High praise!

Reply

    * Karina says

June 26, 2017 at 10:57 am

That's so wonderful Julie! Thank you for sharing that with us!

Reply

  101. Glenda says

June 21, 2017 at 4:37 am

Looks so good. Going to try this out on the weekend

Reply

  102. Maria Portalatin says

June 01, 2017 at 7:15 am

So I made this a few days ago with chicken thighs and it was amazing. My
husband and I really enjoyed it. Today I decided to try it with chicken breast
and it is not the same. Stick to the thighs.

Reply

  103. Lisa says

May 04, 2017 at 11:09 am

  
Made this tonight and even my picky eater loved it! It was delicious and soooo
easy to make

Reply

  104. Lauri says

April 18, 2017 at 1:03 am

  
Hi there! This recipe sounds amazing. Can this be made as a freezer meal? Do
you think it would reheat well?

Reply

  105. Joanne Lowery says

April 12, 2017 at 9:14 am

  
Omgoodness, I made this last night for the first time and it was amazing, my
husband who is so fussy came to me and said that was really nice then went and
got seconds which he never does so that has to say something ( I'm a good cook
according to my kids so it's just that he is super fussy lol)  
Definitely adding this one to my favourite recipe box and to top it off it's
so easy so that alone has to be a winner ?

Reply

  106. Leigh Booth says

April 12, 2017 at 2:19 am

  
Recently made this for the family and we all LOVED it! the sauce is better
than in any restaurant I have had and we could literally have it on every
meal. I keep being asked to make it again so thank you!

Reply

  107. Sharon says

April 04, 2017 at 7:33 am

  
I made this tonight and it was amazing! I decided to use maple syrup instead
of the honey because, well, it's Spring and that means maple syrup season
here. This is a keeper for us, hubby can't wait for me to make it again!

Reply

  108. Stephanie says

March 28, 2017 at 1:11 pm

  
I am not a good cook, in fact I don't like to cook. However I tried this
recipe tonight and it is delicious. Thanks.

Reply

  109. Pam Reynolds says

March 27, 2017 at 7:05 am

  
Love this recipe, I swapped out the water for orange juice one evening and Oh
my! Has become a favorite!

Reply

  110. Mel says

March 15, 2017 at 7:34 am

  
Made this last week and it was DELISH! The boys (dad included) love it! I
added red chili flakes and a touch of dried basil which added another layer.
Going to make it again tonight, this time with breasts instead of thighs.

Reply

  111. Paulette Coney says

March 13, 2017 at 9:58 am

  
Love it !!! I added some red pepper flakes and took it to another level !!!
Mmmm!!

Reply

  112. melissa says

March 09, 2017 at 8:34 am

I'm thinking of making this tonight. This seems like something everyone will
enjoy. I'm just curious for input on preference for pan fried or baked? This
question isn't just for Karina; all responses are welcome. I've also
considered grilling and basting instead as well. At some point, I will
probably try all three methods. I just worry about dry chicken since I'll be
using breasts. The one thing we all agree on in this family is no dark meat
chicken. However, there will be sauce that sounds very yummy!

Reply

  113. Kimmie says

March 06, 2017 at 6:48 pm

  
I made the honey garlic chicken few days ago,And I was happy how well it turn
out . Very delicious , and Succulent that my whole family enjoyed , I'm glad
that i found this recipe !

Reply

  114. Laura says

March 05, 2017 at 3:30 pm

  
We loved this Easy Honey garlic Chicken! My adult son says it was the best
chicken dish I have made lately. I've done Curry chicken & Chicken Adobo
lately. It was delicious over rice.

Reply

  115. Sammy says

March 02, 2017 at 6:16 am

  
Made this for dinner tonight - Absolutely lush! 5* my lovely, definitely going
to be making it again 😀

Reply

  116. Meesh says

February 24, 2017 at 10:56 pm

I can't wait to try this in my pressure cooker to really infuse the flavors
into the chicken.

I too am allergic to soy. A decent alternative to soy sauce is beef bouillon.
(Dilute a cube in 1c warm water).

Reply

  117. Ashley Kaye says

February 16, 2017 at 9:35 am

I love this recipe so tasty! If I don't wanna do chicken can I still make the
sauce all by itself for another dish ?

Reply

    * Karina says

February 16, 2017 at 9:50 am

Hi Ashley! Yes of course! The sauce is so good!

Reply

  118. Gloria says

February 13, 2017 at 5:11 pm

what can you substitute for the soy sauce. I am allergic to soy.

Reply

    * Karina says

February 15, 2017 at 9:01 am

Hi Gloria! That's a good question, abc I'm afraid I don't know the answer
without recipe testing alternative ingredients!

Reply

  119. Nancy Sawyer says

February 13, 2017 at 12:24 pm

I am trying this recipe but want more sauce so will double it!!

Reply

  120. Sue says

January 31, 2017 at 8:54 am

I am planning on trying out me Pomegranate Red Wine Vinegar instead; however,
will probably use less as it is a bit stronger in flavor; beings I don't have
the Rice wine vinegar.

Reply

  121. Danilo E. says

January 29, 2017 at 5:02 am

  
I like your chiken recipe,please post more specially the sauces,i try this
when i get home,im sure my wife will love this….

Reply

  122. Amelynn O. says

January 29, 2017 at 3:29 am

You said this can be made in a slow cooker but for how long under what
temperature -hi or low?

Reply

  123. Jessica says

January 22, 2017 at 5:22 am

Hi!  
I was wondering if you think I could use this with wings instead? Thanks 🙂

Reply

  124. Dor says

January 18, 2017 at 9:26 pm

  
Great recipe, i used concntrated soy sauce and rice vinegar since i didn't
have the originals, still came out fantastic.  
I think that if id also flip the pieces later towarda the end to let them soak
their top in the sauce it would've come out even better!

Reply

  125. Vicki Gonzalez says

January 17, 2017 at 8:27 am

  
Made last night with boneless skinless chicken strips. turned out awesome! Our
new favorite chicken recipe!

Reply

  126. Nancy says

January 17, 2017 at 6:34 am

  
Just made this…it is super easy…I did have to thicken the sauce up with a
little cornstarch (I like sauce a little on the thicker side) but tastes great
& took no time at all to make.

Reply

  127. Dana says

January 13, 2017 at 1:13 am

Is there anyway that this can be done in a crockpot?

Reply

    * Karina says

January 13, 2017 at 5:35 pm

Hi Dana! Yes definitely! I would double the ingredients for a large 6qt crock
pot to ensure even coverage.

Reply

  128. Katrina B. says

January 11, 2017 at 6:09 am

  
This recipe is awesome! The pictures are an honest representation of what it
will look like and taste like.

Reply

  129. Jason says

January 04, 2017 at 3:28 pm

  
Exceptional! No, actually, I mean it. Although I replaced the rice with quinoa
for a lower carb alternative, the essential recipe is something to keep in
your recipe box. Highly recommended by the pickiest eater of all: my 11-year-
old grandson!!

Reply

  130. Karen K says

January 02, 2017 at 8:13 am

  
Just found this recipe! Can't wait to make it. Paleo option would be to
substitute coconut aminos for soy sauce and serve over steamed veggies. Yum!

Reply

    * Karina says

January 02, 2017 at 9:10 am

Karen yes!! Great sub!! Delicious!

Reply

  131. Kimberleigh says

January 02, 2017 at 7:44 am

  
Made this about a2months ago and I'm making it again as I type this….I used
teriyaki sauce stead of soy sauce….still came out GREAT…?

Reply

    * Karina says

January 02, 2017 at 9:10 am

Yummmm!!!!

Reply

  132. Sara Christensen says

December 24, 2016 at 6:55 am

  
This was the best sauce ever!! I had it on quinoa and broccoli and I am now
obsessed?

Reply

  133. Maria M says

December 16, 2016 at 4:21 am

Hi. Would like to try it out and was wondering if I could use the normal
vinegar?

Reply

    * Karina says

December 18, 2016 at 5:02 pm

Hi Maria. Yes that's fine 🙂

Reply

  134. Diane says

December 15, 2016 at 11:31 am

  
Made this tonight. It was so delicious! We loved it. Used rice vinegar cause
that's all I had. Perfect!

Reply

  135. Carri says

December 14, 2016 at 5:37 pm

I must make this. I love Asian anything and always have these main staples on
hand in my kitchen. I love Rice vinegar. This is going in my recipe folder for
a main dish soon. Thanks

Reply

  136. Fran says

December 12, 2016 at 4:32 am

  
I have been watching this recipe for months. Today, I have prepped I prepped
the chicken for today's Sunday dinner. I know it will be fantastic just by the
ingredients. Thank you!

Reply

  137. Ashley says

December 11, 2016 at 3:55 pm

  
I've been sitting on this recipe for a few weeks now and FINALLY got to make
it … SO GOOD! Ugh thank you! I'm definitely making this again. Easy to make,
too. Can't wait to try more of your recipes.

Reply

  138. Kathleen says

December 11, 2016 at 10:20 am

Just made this for dinner and it was delicious! I've been looking for a honey
and soy sauce type chicken and I have tried a few recipes and this one is the
new favorite! It is easy and delicious. I will be making this again in the
near future. Thank you for a great recipe!

Reply

  139. Moira says

December 09, 2016 at 11:21 am

  
We are not usually a fan of sweet mains but this was delicious. I used a few
boneless thighs and a boneless breast and a bit less honey than was called
for. I will make it again for sure and maybe try some additions such as
orange. I was out of rice vinegar so I used apple cider vinegar. Thanks for
the great, easy, fast recipe.

Reply

  140. Barb says

December 09, 2016 at 3:10 am

Would like to make this for company. Can it be done ahead of time?

Reply

    * Karina says

December 09, 2016 at 10:05 am

Hi Barb, yes I'm sure you can. Just reheat over stove top and the sauce should
thin out again.

Reply

  141. June says

December 06, 2016 at 11:52 pm

  
Just made this for dinner!!! Wow!!! It tastes too good for something that was
so easy to make. I used 5 chicken thighs and the drums too. I separated the
drums from the thighs so they cook well. I used red wine vinegar and baked it
in the oven for 25′. Will be definitely making this again. Thank you for a
great recipe!!!

Reply

  142. Anthony R. says

December 05, 2016 at 7:49 am

  
Made this Easy honey garlic chicken today and it came out perfect! Will make
again in the near future.

Reply

  143. Nicole says

December 04, 2016 at 11:02 am

  
Saw your sponsored ad on instagram for this recipe. Tried it today BIG Hit
with the kids, They loved it, I got praised for my cooking and the prep time
made the meal all that better. Thanks form all the way in the Caribbean,
Jamaica.

Reply

  144. Anne says

December 01, 2016 at 11:04 am

Just made these for dinner tonight, but since my Grand girl wanted "Orange
chicken" I added a few drops of extract and made a small cornstarch slurry to
thicken the sauce more and she loved it… great flavor and quick dinner since I
used chicken breast strips cut into thirds .

Reply

  145. AURELIJA says

November 27, 2016 at 11:48 pm

thanks, Karina! This is a great recipe. Success from the first time 🙂

Reply

  146. Leslee says

November 23, 2016 at 7:18 am

Hi! Can I use rice vinegar or red wine vinegar? I couldn't fine rice wine
vinegar! Thanks!

Reply

    * Karina says

November 23, 2016 at 6:35 pm

Hi Leslee. Yes! Those are great substitutions!

Reply

  147. Grace says

November 22, 2016 at 3:21 am

  
Recipe looks delicious! Do u think I could use chicken breasts bone in ?

Reply

    * Karina says

November 22, 2016 at 3:29 am

Hi Grace! Yes sounds perfect!

Reply

  148. Ashley says

November 21, 2016 at 4:13 pm

  
I don't know how you did it but this chicken has so much flavor in it even my
kids loved it and that's saying a lot. Thank you for a delightful meal. Can
only give it 5 starts because it won't let me give 10 stars!

Reply

  149. Michelle says

November 21, 2016 at 4:10 pm

  
The BEST chicken recipe we've ever tried! The sauce is so glossy and sticky
and just perfect. Thank you! My boyfriend loves you now too lol.

Reply

  150. Sandra says

November 21, 2016 at 5:46 am

  
Made this today, it was delicious!!!

Reply

  151. Fredda says

November 16, 2016 at 11:55 pm

Was just starting to make chicken for tonight's dinner and came across this
recipe. YUM! Can't wait to try it!

Reply

  152. Channa says

November 16, 2016 at 4:45 am

In the pictures there seems to be a green spice or something that makes the
chicken look beautiful, but I don't see anything green in the ingredients.
What did you use?

Reply

    * Karina says

November 17, 2016 at 6:12 pm

Hi Channa. It's parsley purely for the photographs.

Reply

  153. Pauly says

November 16, 2016 at 1:50 am

Question, can we use other chicken parts…wings,breasts etc in your recipe?

Looks great!!

Reply

    * Karina says

November 17, 2016 at 6:14 pm

Hi Pauly. Yes any chicken piece is fine in this recipe. Recommend wing, breast
or thighs 🙂

Reply

  154. Abby says

November 15, 2016 at 1:55 pm

I made this tonight and the whole family loved it! Even my 3 year old ate
it!!! Great recipe, I will definitely make his again!!

Reply

  155. Bharat ratna says

November 10, 2016 at 3:24 pm

  
I made this and it was very good. Thanks for the recipe!

Reply

  156. Elizabeth says

October 18, 2016 at 8:51 pm

  
Wow I just made this dish. It's so simple and fast. My family loves this dish!
Thank you for this great recipe! (P.S I'm 12 years old)

Reply

  157. Ann says

October 14, 2016 at 11:21 am

This looks like a fantastic weeknight meal when I need something fast and
tasty. I can't wait to try it!

Reply

  158. Berthy says

September 12, 2016 at 4:02 pm

  
I made this last night and it's incredible! The sauce is fantastic! Thank you
for another winner chicken dinner.

Reply

    * Karina says

September 12, 2016 at 4:07 pm

You're very welcome Berthy! I'm so happy to hear that! X

Reply

  159. Beth says

September 05, 2016 at 6:09 pm

Hi! Is there anything that can substitutethe rice wine vinegar? Or can I just
do without it?

Reply

    * Karina says

September 06, 2016 at 12:55 pm

Hi Beth! Yes you can sub with white vinegar or Apple cider vinegar if you have
any of those?

Reply

  160. Cheryl says

September 05, 2016 at 2:47 pm

Do these go in the oven at any point?

Reply

    * Karina says

September 06, 2016 at 12:56 pm

Hi Cheryl. I didn't need to bake them with these thighs as they were small
enough to cook over stove top. If you have large and thick thighs, then yes
you can continue to bake them in the oven at 400F or 200C until cooked through
🙂

Reply

  161. Catherine says

September 05, 2016 at 7:08 am

That looks soooo amazingly delicious! My RV doesn't have an oven, but there is
a grill out back, any way this might work on the grill? Thanks!

Reply

    * Karina says

September 05, 2016 at 7:52 am

Yes! That would be perfect too Catherine!

Reply

  162. Bethany @ Athletic Avocado says

September 04, 2016 at 11:40 pm

Oh man does this chicken look good! It's simple dinners like this that I
craveeee after a long day of school and practice! Winner winner chicken dinner
🙂

Reply

    * Karina says

September 05, 2016 at 7:55 am

Bethany! I agree girl!!! Your blog is absolutely incredible by the way! Love
your photography!

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### LOOKING FOR A RECIPE? SEARCH HERE!

Search this website

### HEY Good Food Lovers! It's nice to see you!

Welcome! My name is Karina and this is my internet kitchen hang-out. A self-
confessed _balanced_ _foodie_ sharing some waistline friendly recipes that are
_full_ of flavour. Life is too short for bland and boring. …

Read More

### Connect with Karina – Cafe Delites

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

## Footer

### Subscribe to Cafe Delites FOR FREE and Receive Recipes Straight Into Your
Inbox!

### CONNECT WITH KARINA - CAFE DELITES

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

Search this website

### Archives

Archives Select Month December 2020  November 2020  June 2020  May 2020  April
2020  March 2020  February 2020  January 2020  December 2019  November 2019
September 2019  August 2019  April 2019  March 2019  February 2019  January
2019  December 2018  November 2018  October 2018  September 2018  August 2018
July 2018  June 2018  May 2018  April 2018  March 2018  February 2018  January
2018  December 2017  November 2017  October 2017  September 2017  August 2017
July 2017  June 2017  May 2017  April 2017  March 2017  February 2017  January
2017  December 2016  November 2016  October 2016  September 2016  August 2016
July 2016  June 2016  May 2016  April 2016  March 2016  February 2016  January
2016  December 2015  November 2015  October 2015  September 2015  August 2015
July 2015  June 2015  May 2015  April 2015  March 2015  February 2015  January
2015  December 2014  November 2014  October 2014  September 2014  August 2014
July 2014  June 2014  May 2014  April 2014

### Categories

Categories Select Category Appetizers Asian Beef Beverages Bread Breakfast
Cakes, Blondies and Brownies Cheesecakes Chicken Chinese Christmas Churros
Cookies Dessert Dinner Dips Donuts Easter French Toast Game Day Greek Inspired
Ham Italian Inspired Lamb Low Carb Lunch Mexican Inspired Recipes Muffins My
Book In Previews One Pot Meals Pancakes And Crepes Pasta Pies Pork Recipes
Round Ups Salads Savoury Tooth Fix Seafood Sheet Pan Sides Slow Cooker
Smoothies and Milkshakes Snacks Soup Sweet Tooth Fix Thanksgiving Turkey
Vegetarian Waffles Weekly Meal Plan

COPYRIGHT (C) 2022 CAFE DELITES. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy

