https://cafedelites.com/honey-lemon-garlic-chicken/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

Cafe Delites

for good food lovers

  * Recipe Index
  * About Me
    * BOOKS
  * Contact Me
    * Policies
      * Disclaimer
      * Copyright
    * MEDIA

You are here: Home / Dinner / Honey Lemon Garlic Chicken

By Karina 39 Comments Filed Under: Chicken

# Honey Lemon Garlic Chicken

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

## Honey Lemon Garlic Chicken with a crispy skin and a sweet, sticky sauce
made up of ingredients you have in your kitchen cupboard!

The perfect chicken dinner filled with zesty and sweet flavours, you will love
this Honey Lemon Garlic Chicken!

## Chicken Recipe

Pan fried first to get that crispy skin, then baked to cook them all the way
through, this is one of those chicken dinners you'll be forgiven if you make
it once a week. Plus, the optional bonus of making more sauce on the stove
top, until it thickens and caramelises in its special honey way, for extra
drizzling to serve. I've made this as easy as I can for those rushed
weeknights. It's literally a case of whisk everything together, bake and done!

### Honey Garlic Sauce

I'm not going to lie here. Every time I make this sauce, I'm caught between
stirring it and blowing it like my life depends on it, trying to cool it down
so I can keep drinking it from a spoon. Yes, I shamelessly admit this happens
straight out of the pan. The problem when finally making it for my blog is, I
had husband and children behind me, breathing down my neck waiting for me to
finish.

###  
Lemon Chicken

Now, there was a time we tried Honey Lemon Chicken, and while it's nice and
all, adding garlic to the recipe just takes it to a whole other level of
flavour. The chicken is juicy, the skin comes out crispy and sticky all at the
same time. And let me just add, I have _a lot of time_ for **sticky chicken**.
Much like these Sticky Thai Chicken Wings.

This is one of our dinners that you'll see me running into the supermarket to
buy only chicken thighs because I have the rest of the ingredients at home. I
LOVE it when I have ALL the ingredients.

I mean, HELLO SUCCULENT Honey Lemon Garlic Chicken.

###  
HONEY LEMON GARLIC CHICKEN VIDEO

# Honey Lemon Garlic Chicken

Juicy Honey Lemon Garlic Chicken with a crispy skin and a sweet, sticky sauce
with ingredients you have in your kitchen cupboard! Pan fried first to get
that crispy skin, then baked to cook them all the way through, this is one of
those chicken dinners you'll be forgiven if you make it once a week. Plus, the
optional bonus of making more sauce on the stove top, until it thickens and
caramelises in its special honey way, for extra drizzling to serve.

PRINT SAVE go to your favorites

Serves: 5

### Ingredients

  * 5 bone in , skin on chicken thighs (2 lbs | 1 kg)
  * Salt to taste
  * 1/2 cup honey
  * 1/4 cup fresh squeezed lemon juice (or juice of 1 lemon)
  * 1 tablespoon soy sauce
  * 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar
  * 2 heaping tablespoons minced garlic
  * 6 whole garlic cloves , peeled
  * Lemon slices and zest to garnish
  * Sliced green onions , to garnish

### Instructions

  * Preheat oven to 360Â°F | 180Â°C.

  * Place chicken thighs in a large shallow dish and season with salt; set aside.

  * In a large mixing jug, whisk together the honey, lemon juice, soy sauce, vinegar and minced garlic. Pour about 1/4 cup of the sauce over the chicken (or just enough to lightly coat each thigh) and rotate each thigh to coat evenly in the sauce.

  * Heat an oven-proof skillet over medium high heat; sear the chicken skin side down first until golden for about 5 minutes. Turn and repeat on the other side. Drain most of the excess oil from the pan, leaving about 1 tablespoon for added flavour.

  * Arrange chicken skin-side up in the pan; add the whole garlic cloves between the chicken; pour half of the remaining sauce over each thigh (about 1-2 tablespoons per thigh) and bake for 40-45 minutes until the chicken is cooked through and the juices run clear. The skin should be crispy and sticky.

  * While the chicken is baking, pour the remaining sauce into a small pot (or saucepan), and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Reduce heat down to low and allow to simmer while occasionally stirring; lifting the pot off of the heat when the sauce bubbles up to the rim of your pot, and repeat the process until the sauce has _sightly_ reduced and thickened (about 6 minutes).

  * Serve with the remaining sauce, lemon zest and slices, and sliced green onions (optional).

Â« Crispy Oven Fried Beer Batter Crumbed Shrimp

Garlic Browned Butter Baked Asparagus Â»

### Subscribe to Cafe Delites FOR FREE and Receive Recipes Straight Into Your
Inbox!

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Brenda Lee says

April 06, 2020 at 4:35 am

  
Made this last night for dinner and recipe is a keeper. Next time I'd double
the sauce as we all wanted more. I added a bit more lemon juice and red pepper
flakes. Thanks for the recipe!

Reply

    * Maryam says

May 18, 2020 at 11:33 pm

Hi karina I tried out your honey garlic recipe and it was finger licking
delicious, this recipe looks amazing will definitely try it soon but I have a
question can we fry the chicken like the way the honey garlic recipe is or do
we have to bake it

Reply

  2. Catherine Uresti says

June 10, 2019 at 11:22 pm

  
This is the 3rd or 4th time making these and my oh my, not going to be the
last I am sure! I made these for my brother, niece and nephew and they were
such a hit that the recipe was asked for! Sent it to my children in Texas to
make as well. Will be going upta camp this summer and these are definitely
going to be on the menu! Thank you!!

Reply

  3. Maria says

December 24, 2018 at 5:10 am

  
This is my third or fourth time making this. It has become my boyfriends
favorite dish. Delicious juicy and tendet chicken with a delish sauce!
Definitely make a lot of that reduced sauce EVERYONE will want more and more
of it!

Reply

  4. Shanique says

November 06, 2018 at 10:52 am

  
I just made this tonight for dinner. It was highly favored in my house
tonight.  
Thank you for this wonderful recipe!  
S

Reply

  5. Shanique says

October 29, 2018 at 11:55 am

Hello,  
I will be trying to recipe soon. But I just have a question about step 4. We
must drain the honey, soy sauce mixture and leave the equivalent of 1
tablespoon but eventually add back with the remainder of the mixture?

Thank you,  
S

Reply

    * Karina says

October 31, 2018 at 6:06 pm

Yes, that is correct. IT is a mixture that is best if done in those steps.
Hope that helps! XO

Reply

  6. Charlee says

June 27, 2018 at 7:06 am

How do you think it would taste if i added rosemary?

Reply

    * Karina says

June 27, 2018 at 2:57 pm

MMM! That sounds delicious and worth a try! I hope you enjoy it! Let me know
how it turns out! XO

Reply

  7. Heather Wood says

April 29, 2018 at 2:48 pm

  
I made a double batch and used 1/2 teriyaki sauce and 1/2 soy. I also did 1/2
white whine sauce and 1/2 balsamic vinegar in stead of the rice wine. Came out
fantastic. Thank you ðŸ™‚

Reply

  8. Iain says

October 30, 2017 at 3:37 am

  
being a big lover of tasty food was great when i found your website Made this
last week with extra lemon wow loved it,  
Going to be working through the recipes, enough to keep us going all year
through

Reply

    * Karina says

November 17, 2017 at 8:57 pm

I'm so happy to hear that Lain! I hope you're enjoying some others!

Reply

  9. Josie says

March 12, 2017 at 11:33 am

  
I made these chicken thighs tonight and they were so incredibly good!! Thanks
for the recipe, it's definitely a keeper!!

Reply

  10. vicki says

December 18, 2016 at 5:43 pm

how would these be served cold within a buffet

Reply

    * Karina says

December 23, 2016 at 3:00 am

Hi Vicki. It should be ok. Maybe with skin off thighs ðŸ™‚

Reply

  11. sherene says

October 17, 2016 at 1:58 am

hi Karina,  
i have printed out so many of your recipes and I am gonna try all of them. I
am on a strict diet, on this carb cycling diet. i was looking for recipes to
meal prep. And I found you ðŸ™‚ I am supposed to use as less fat possible while
cooking my meals and no sodium. And the ingredients I use like the soy sauce
should have low sodium. I have a few questions, what can I use in place of
rice wine Vinegar if i dont have that. is there anything that can replace
honey? from your recipes.  
i made the balsamic glaze chicken and it was yummy..loved it. Yet to make this
one.  
thanks for sharing such wonderful recipes. xxx

Reply

  12. Victoria Yoon says

October 05, 2016 at 1:29 pm

  
made this tonight, it was delicious definitely a keeper

Reply

  13. Rosa says

October 03, 2016 at 1:04 pm

What kind of side besides rice could go with this?

Reply

    * Karina says

October 03, 2016 at 5:14 pm

Hi Rosa. Yu can serve this with steamed vegetables like broccoli, or noodles!

Reply

  14. Daniela Garzon says

September 22, 2016 at 3:12 pm

Is it possible to skip the stove top step and just cook the chicken in a
aluminum pan in the oven?

Reply

  15. Kelly says

September 09, 2016 at 9:02 am

  
Hi Anna! I searched thru Pinterest and decided to try this recipe. I used
Apple cider vinegar and garlic cloves, but it still came out great. The skin
has to be the best part. I'm not sure what made me try it, but I am so glad I
found this recipe and took a chance. Two thumbs up!!!!

Reply

    * Karina says

September 09, 2016 at 9:18 am

I'm so happy to hear that Kelly! Yay!!

Reply

  16. Anna says

August 23, 2016 at 8:07 am

Want to try this recipe just wondering how to cook this using chicken breast?

Reply

    * Karina says

August 23, 2016 at 2:42 pm

Hi Anna! Yes you can use chicken breast. Follow the recipe directions and skip
Step 5! No need to bake breasts in the oven. Cook over stove top until cooked
through. ðŸ™‚

Reply

  17. Tabitha says

August 16, 2016 at 12:28 pm

I made this tonight and it was so yummy! I didn't have rice wine vinegar so I
used apple cider vinegar and it still came out great. Thank you!

Reply

  18. Foodiewife says

July 25, 2016 at 11:38 am

  
I made this for dinner, tonight, and it was delicious! It's, pretty much, a
one pot meal. I didn't change a single thing with your recipe. It was gone in
a nano-second! Thank you for the recipe. It's a keeper!

Reply

  19. plasterer bristol says

July 21, 2016 at 4:01 pm

wow that looks so good. Think i'm gonna give this a blast tonight. Thanks for
sharing.

Simon

Reply

  20. Brooke says

June 02, 2016 at 9:43 pm

  
Hi, Is it possible to use Chicken Breasts instead? And if so what would the
timing be for the oven etc?  
Many Thanks ðŸ™‚

Reply

  21. Shaz says

May 16, 2016 at 2:27 pm

  
Thanks for this recipe. I loved the taste of the sauce. So I just tried this
recipe on chicken wings instead. I first marinated the wings with the
ingredients mix (the honey, lemon juice, soy sauce, vinegar and minced garlic)
for 30 mins and then pan-fried the chicken instead of baking (I didn't have 45
mins). I poured 1/2 cup of water into the skillet with the chicken, cooked
them with medium heat and covered with a lid (we do that a lot in Asian
cuisine). The wings turn out great and only needed 10mins cooking time! You
should try it ðŸ™‚

Reply

    * Karina says

May 16, 2016 at 2:31 pm

Yum!!! I will! That sounds incredible too! Thank you for that Shaz. I'll post
it once I make it!

Reply

  22. Linda Abbott says

April 19, 2016 at 12:20 am

Doesn't the honey mixture burn to the pot while you're browning the thighs
without oil in step 4? Thanks.

Reply

    * Karina says

April 19, 2016 at 6:48 am

Hi Linda. No it doesn't burn.

Reply

    * Terri says

January 21, 2020 at 1:23 pm

But in your video demo it appears to have oil in the pan as the chicken is
added.

Reply

  23. jacki says

April 18, 2016 at 6:22 am

would this work with bone-in skin on breasts, I don't care for thighs, hubby
likes them so I was thinking of using both. ( breasts cut in half to be like
sized)

Reply

    * Karina says

April 18, 2016 at 7:16 am

Yes absolutely!

Reply

  24. SueAnn says

April 16, 2016 at 10:40 am

Karina! I love you! THANKYOU for this and all your recipes!  
Smooches!!!

Reply

    * Karina says

April 16, 2016 at 10:49 am

You're welcome SueAnn!

Reply

  25. Lily says

April 13, 2016 at 12:53 pm

Can this be done with boneless skinless chicken thighs? What's the cooking
method you suggest for boneless skinless?

Reply

    * Karina says

April 15, 2016 at 11:10 am

Hi Lily. I'd suggest the same method, reducing oven time to 10-15 minutes ðŸ™‚

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Î”

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### LOOKING FOR A RECIPE? SEARCH HERE!

Search this website

### HEY Good Food Lovers! It's nice to see you!

Welcome! My name is Karina and this is my internet kitchen hang-out. A self-
confessed _balanced_ _foodie_ sharing some waistline friendly recipes that are
_full_ of flavour. Life is too short for bland and boring. â€¦

Read More

### Connect with Karina â€“ Cafe Delites

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

## Footer

### Subscribe to Cafe Delites FOR FREE and Receive Recipes Straight Into Your
Inbox!

### CONNECT WITH KARINA - CAFE DELITES

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

Search this website

### Archives

Archives Select Month December 2020  November 2020  June 2020  May 2020  April
2020  March 2020  February 2020  January 2020  December 2019  November 2019
September 2019  August 2019  April 2019  March 2019  February 2019  January
2019  December 2018  November 2018  October 2018  September 2018  August 2018
July 2018  June 2018  May 2018  April 2018  March 2018  February 2018  January
2018  December 2017  November 2017  October 2017  September 2017  August 2017
July 2017  June 2017  May 2017  April 2017  March 2017  February 2017  January
2017  December 2016  November 2016  October 2016  September 2016  August 2016
July 2016  June 2016  May 2016  April 2016  March 2016  February 2016  January
2016  December 2015  November 2015  October 2015  September 2015  August 2015
July 2015  June 2015  May 2015  April 2015  March 2015  February 2015  January
2015  December 2014  November 2014  October 2014  September 2014  August 2014
July 2014  June 2014  May 2014  April 2014

### Categories

Categories Select Category Appetizers Asian Beef Beverages Bread Breakfast
Cakes, Blondies and Brownies Cheesecakes Chicken Chinese Christmas Churros
Cookies Dessert Dinner Dips Donuts Easter French Toast Game Day Greek Inspired
Ham Italian Inspired Lamb Low Carb Lunch Mexican Inspired Recipes Muffins My
Book In Previews One Pot Meals Pancakes And Crepes Pasta Pies Pork Recipes
Round Ups Salads Savoury Tooth Fix Seafood Sheet Pan Sides Slow Cooker
Smoothies and Milkshakes Snacks Soup Sweet Tooth Fix Thanksgiving Turkey
Vegetarian Waffles Weekly Meal Plan

COPYRIGHT (C) 2022 CAFE DELITES. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy

