https://cafedelites.com/honey-garlic-sriracha-chicken/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

Cafe Delites

for good food lovers

  * Recipe Index
  * About Me
    * BOOKS
  * Contact Me
    * Policies
      * Disclaimer
      * Copyright
    * MEDIA

You are here: Home / Recipes / Honey Garlic Sriracha Chicken

By Karina 32 Comments Filed Under: Asian

# Honey Garlic Sriracha Chicken

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

## Flavour packed Honey Garlic Sriracha Chicken, made with the easiest, and
most delicious marinade/dipping sauce!

If you love sweet and spicy, THIS Honey Garlic Sriracha Chicken recipe is for
you! With options to alter the amount of spice in sauce, you can make it
either milder or hotterâ€¦the choice is yours!

## Chicken

There's nothing like a good chicken recipe to have in your recipe collection
to whip out when you have company. This is one of those recipes. The ones
where you come off looking like an amazing at-home-chef because the flavours
you will be packing into this skillet are absolutely without a doubt,
restaurant quality flavours.

I meanâ€¦.check out the glaze on this chicken!

Adapting this Easy Honey Garlic Chicken recipe for my husband and daughter who
LOVE anything that blows there mouths through their nostrils, I decided to try
and pull off the mother of all experiments and add Sriracha.

Although I didn't blow anything up, I managed to work out the right amount of
spice we can all agree too, and one that doesn't clear any sinuses -- just
enough to dance on your tongue and linger in the back of your senses. HOWEVER,
if you love HOT, add more Sriracha! I'm leaving it all in your hands.

The marinade is the best part, because you are going to use most of it as a
marinate AND the rest of it as a dipping sauce.

## Sauce for Chicken

A sauce you can either pour all over the chicken when it's done, OR heat
through the skillet to warm through all of the left over pan juices.

### More recipes

Honey Garlic Chicken

Browned Butter Chicken

Fried Rice

# Honey Garlic Sriracha Chicken

Flavour packed Honey Garlic Sriracha Chicken, made with the easiest, and most
delicious marinade/dipping sauce! Restaurant quality chicken made right at
home!

PRINT SAVE go to your favorites

Prep: 10 mins

Cook: 25 mins

Total: 35 mins

Serves: 6

### Ingredients

  * 1/4 cup honey
  * 2 tablespoons Sriracha (Asian Chile sauce)*
  * 5 cloves garlic crushed (or 1 1/4 tablespoon minced garlic)
  * 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar
  * 1 1/2 tablespoons low sodium soy sauce
  * 1 tablespoon freshly squeezed lime juice
  * 6 boneless chicken thighs with or without skin
  * 1 tablespoon cooking oil
  * Salt and pepper to season (If desired)
  * Sliced green onions (or shallots in Australia), to serve
  * Sesame seeds to serve
  * Lime wedges to serve

### Instructions

  * In a shallow bowl, mix the honey, Sriracha, garlic, rice wine vinegar, soy sauce and lime juice together until well combined. Spoon 4 tablespoons of marinade out of the bowl and reserve to use for later as a dipping sauce.

  * Cover with plastic wrap and marinade chicken for a minimum of 30 minutes to 2 hours (if time allows), in the refrigerator.

  * Heat 2 teaspoons of oil in a nonstick pan or cast iron skillet (or grill pan) over medium heat. Sear the chicken in two batches (I do 3 thighs per batch), on both sides along with any sauce leftover in the bowl, until the chicken is cooked through and no longer pink in the middle; the skin is crisp and golden browned, and the underside is charred slightly (chicken will char slightly due to the honey). Transfer chicken to a warm plate, tent with foil and allow to rest for 5 minutes.

  *  **OPTION A** : Add the reserved sauce to the hot pan to warm through on medium heat, stirring occasionally while mixing all of the pan juices through the sauce.

  *  **OPTION B** : Do not add the sauce to the pan. Serve chicken with remaining pan juices left over in the pan, and pour reserved sauce over each chicken (this option ensures a slightly spicier end result).

  * Serve chicken immediately along with the sauce. Garnish with sliced green onion, sesame seeds and lime wedges. Serve with steamed veggies, over rice or noodles.

### Notes

*Add more if you like it really spicy (about 4 tablespoons); or less for a milder sauce (about 1 tablespoon)

### Nutrition

Calories: 318kcal | Carbohydrates: 13g | Protein: 18g | Fat: 21g | Saturated
Fat: 5g | Cholesterol: 110mg | Sodium: 336mg | Potassium: 262mg | Sugar: 11g |
Vitamin A: 90IU | Vitamin C: 4.8mg | Calcium: 14mg | Iron: 0.9mg

Â« Easy Huevos Rancheros

Loaded Greek Chicken Avocado Salad Â»

### Subscribe to Cafe Delites FOR FREE and Receive Recipes Straight Into Your
Inbox!

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Vee says

June 30, 2020 at 9:32 am

  
If you're a sriracha lover go HAM on the hot stuff, you'll thank me later.

Reply

  2. Trena Bennett says

April 02, 2020 at 4:07 am

I am going to make this tonight. i will use chicken breast and put in smoker.

Reply

  3. Jessica Smith says

January 23, 2020 at 11:33 pm

I'm trying this in the slow cooker today, hope it works out!

Reply

  4. Pascha says

February 13, 2019 at 2:56 am

  
This was a huge hit tonight at dinner! My usually picky dad said the sauce was
"just right" and he's absolutely spot on. I used a stoneware grill pan to give
the chicken those grill marks and the marinade takes on a whole new life when
its seared into the meat. So flavourful! And I only gave it about 40 mins in
the marinade coz I was a bit rushed. I also saved a bit more of the marinade
for the pouring/dipping sauce coz we are big on gravy and sauces. ðŸ˜€

What an amazing recipe Karina! I have been making loads of your recipes these
past few months and my family is loving them all. Thank you for sharing your
recipes and making even late bloomer cooks like me look like experts in the
kitchen. :Dâ™¥

Reply

  5. Leticia says

February 07, 2019 at 5:55 pm

  
Soooo delicious!!!!! I made with chicken breast instead since I didn't have
chicken thighs at home, but was sooo good! Finger lickin' good!

Reply

  6. psm says

September 09, 2018 at 12:11 pm

Has anyone tried this recipe with boneless, thin-sliced chicken breasts? My
family prefers white meat. Any suggestions and ?or recommendations would be
very much appreciated. My family and I have enjoyed many recipes from this
site previously. Thank you and please keep posting!

Reply

  7. Zahra says

September 04, 2018 at 2:49 pm

HI! Love your blog. Quick q - does this recipe work well with chicken breasts?
If so, do you suggest I alter it in any way?

Thank you!

Reply

    * Tiffany N Easterly says

March 03, 2020 at 6:56 am

I would marinate longer first of all. I prefer White meat, too. I want to go
buy a grill I saw mentioned in a previous reply to add flavor to the white
meat.

Reply

  8. Auntie Wino says

June 20, 2018 at 10:39 pm

So good! Just the right amount of spicy and savoriness. I double the recipe
for dipping & poring over rice.

Reply

  9. Lynn says

May 21, 2018 at 8:29 am

I had to make more because there wasnâ€™t enough to coat 4 pieces of chicken
plus enough for dipping. But it is a delicious maranade.

Reply

  10. Deborah says

April 15, 2018 at 3:15 pm

This looks delicious and am definitely going to make this dish. How long do
you sear the thighs on each side?  
Thank you for all the wonderful recipes.

Reply

    * Karina says

April 19, 2018 at 2:47 pm

With the size of chicken that I used it took me about 4-6 minutes to sear each
side. It may take longer if you have bigger pieces. Hope that helps!

Reply

  11. Lisa says

September 23, 2017 at 4:04 am

  
Im in the process of making this for dinner today, Its in the frig marinating
now. I made the sauce it taste amazing. Im making this and Jasmine rice. I
already shared this recipe with my sister thank u for posting this recipe.
Hugs ???

Reply

  12. Pattie says

September 11, 2017 at 11:36 am

  
This was delicious! Really good and easy to make. Loved it

Reply

  13. Ann Baker says

September 01, 2017 at 12:09 am

  
LOVED LOVED LOVED this chicken! Such amazing flavors. Everyone loved and I
will definitely be making again. Was thinking these could even be grilled and
basted with the sauce? Only caveat is it really did a number on my cast iron
skillet. Next time think I will use my nonstick instead. But otherwise, I
would not change a thing!

Reply

  14. Jen says

August 06, 2017 at 10:55 pm

  
Karina, I tried this recipe last night. It was fantastic. My husband loved it
and said it is a keeper. We will be visiting our daughter and son in law next
week and I am going to make this for them. They both love to cook and I
thought this would be a great way to introduce them to your recipes. Thank
you!

Reply

  15. Gary says

July 22, 2017 at 10:50 am

  
First time I've seen your recipes this is amazing I'm going back to the UK in
early September and all my friends will be having this trust me.  
I'm a fan and will continue to follow you hopefully more of the same.  
Regards  
Gary

Reply

    * Karina says

July 22, 2017 at 12:09 pm

Thank you so much Gary!!! That's awesome thank you!

Reply

  16. Denise Davies says

June 07, 2017 at 9:05 am

My husbands new favorite. I have used both boneless skinless and skin on, bone
in. Both work equally as well.

Reply

  17. Stephanie says

June 05, 2017 at 2:49 pm

  
Another recipe added to my meal planning. Thanks so much for sharing. Your
blog is awesome.

Reply

    * Karina says

June 05, 2017 at 7:47 pm

Thanks Stephanie! I'm so glad you're enjoying it!

Reply

  18. deborah says

May 31, 2017 at 4:33 am

  
YUMMY!

Reply

    * Stephanie says

November 20, 2019 at 12:29 am

Mmm yummy! I tried this for my husband and he LOVES it! Thank you Karen

Reply

  19. deborah says

May 31, 2017 at 4:32 am

  
nice, yummy, can t wait to try this.

Reply

  20. Michele says

May 21, 2017 at 3:46 am

It looks delicious! Can we make it with out the spice?

Reply

  21. Peter says

May 18, 2017 at 12:00 pm

  
Karina yum yum and more yum that was so delish mate I want more

Reply

  22. jamal says

May 18, 2017 at 3:17 am

hi there,

When do you use 1,5 tablespoon of fresh squeezed lime cant see it sorry

Reply

  23. Tanya says

May 18, 2017 at 3:00 am

  
This was great! Thank you for sharing! I didn't see instructions on what to do
with the lime juice, so I just included it in the sauce. And the sauce was the
bomb.com. I could see it being so good paired with fried chicken and
pulled/shredded chicken as well.

Reply

  24. Brittany says

May 17, 2017 at 2:16 pm

This looks yummy! Is it possible to bake the chicken instead?

Reply

  25. Victoria says

May 17, 2017 at 7:25 am

  
Looks soo delicious ???

Reply

  26. Nicole says

May 17, 2017 at 5:58 am

I am so glad I found you! I love your pictures and your blog! I am following
you everywhere! I don't know which recipe to try first!

Reply

  27. Martha Rettig says

May 16, 2017 at 6:58 am

  
Hi Karina, I love your site, and have found some really interesting recipe
ideas in it. Most of our family won't eat the really spicy foods, but there is
plenty of room for leaving out the hot spices and still having lots of serious
flavor. Thanks so much, enjoying your site from beautiful Israel, Martha

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Î”

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### LOOKING FOR A RECIPE? SEARCH HERE!

Search this website

### HEY Good Food Lovers! It's nice to see you!

Welcome! My name is Karina and this is my internet kitchen hang-out. A self-
confessed _balanced_ _foodie_ sharing some waistline friendly recipes that are
_full_ of flavour. Life is too short for bland and boring. â€¦

Read More

### Connect with Karina â€“ Cafe Delites

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

## Footer

### Subscribe to Cafe Delites FOR FREE and Receive Recipes Straight Into Your
Inbox!

### CONNECT WITH KARINA - CAFE DELITES

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

Search this website

### Archives

Archives Select Month December 2020  November 2020  June 2020  May 2020  April
2020  March 2020  February 2020  January 2020  December 2019  November 2019
September 2019  August 2019  April 2019  March 2019  February 2019  January
2019  December 2018  November 2018  October 2018  September 2018  August 2018
July 2018  June 2018  May 2018  April 2018  March 2018  February 2018  January
2018  December 2017  November 2017  October 2017  September 2017  August 2017
July 2017  June 2017  May 2017  April 2017  March 2017  February 2017  January
2017  December 2016  November 2016  October 2016  September 2016  August 2016
July 2016  June 2016  May 2016  April 2016  March 2016  February 2016  January
2016  December 2015  November 2015  October 2015  September 2015  August 2015
July 2015  June 2015  May 2015  April 2015  March 2015  February 2015  January
2015  December 2014  November 2014  October 2014  September 2014  August 2014
July 2014  June 2014  May 2014  April 2014

### Categories

Categories Select Category Appetizers Asian Beef Beverages Bread Breakfast
Cakes, Blondies and Brownies Cheesecakes Chicken Chinese Christmas Churros
Cookies Dessert Dinner Dips Donuts Easter French Toast Game Day Greek Inspired
Ham Italian Inspired Lamb Low Carb Lunch Mexican Inspired Recipes Muffins My
Book In Previews One Pot Meals Pancakes And Crepes Pasta Pies Pork Recipes
Round Ups Salads Savoury Tooth Fix Seafood Sheet Pan Sides Slow Cooker
Smoothies and Milkshakes Snacks Soup Sweet Tooth Fix Thanksgiving Turkey
Vegetarian Waffles Weekly Meal Plan

COPYRIGHT (C) 2022 CAFE DELITES. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy

