https://cafedelites.com/slow-cooker-honey-garlic-chicken/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

Cafe Delites

for good food lovers

  * Recipe Index
  * About Me
    * BOOKS
  * Contact Me
    * Policies
      * Disclaimer
      * Copyright
    * MEDIA

You are here: Home / Recipes / Slow Cooker Honey Garlic Chicken

By Karina 30 Comments Filed Under: Chicken

# Slow Cooker Honey Garlic Chicken

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

## Juicy Slow Cooker Honey Garlic Chicken thighs with the best sauce, you will
want to drink it straight out of the bowl!

What better way to come home to a delicious home cooked meal ready for you in
a crock pot? Slow Cooker Honey Garlic Chicken without weird ingredients, just
fall apart-tender, bone-in and skinless chicken thighs cooked in plenty of
sauce with crispy, charred, sticky edges!

A dinner the whole family will love time and time again!

## SLOW COOKER HONEY GARLIC CHICKEN

After publishing our Pork Loin Roast with an irresistible honey garlic sauce,
our readers have been asking non stop for this recipe -- _THE chicken of all
chicken_ versions. When you ask, we listen!

Apart from the tender, melt in your mouth chicken, the sauce is truly
memorable — a dinner that you will be thinking about long after the leftovers
have disappeared.

A simple ‘no-stress’ slow cooker recipe impressive enough to feed your family
-- skinless bone-in chicken thighs _beg_ for this delicious sauce to go with
those dark meat flavours. Cooking them in a rich Honey Garlic Butter Sauce is
PERFECT and gives you the ideal sauce to serve them with.

## SLOW COOKING CHICKEN THIGHS

Slow cooked chicken thighs need a bit of love before cooking to give you an
incredible tasting meal:

  * **SEASON:** Seasoned in a delicious rub with paprika, garlic powder, onion powder, brown sugar to help caramelize those edges and an optional pinch of cayenne pepper. Pat them dry with paper towel first so that the seasoning sticks and absorbs better.
  * **OPTIONAL SEAR:** While chicken usually goes into a slow cooker raw, searing thighs first in those seasonings for just 2 minutes each side helps lock in juices. It doesn't necessarily speed up cook time when we're searing for such a short amount of time, but it _does_ create DEEPER flavours on your chicken AND in your sauce! However, _**this is optional**_. You don't have to do this step if time doesn't allow for it, or if you just don't want to. Chicken still tastes INCREDIBLE without searing.
  * **COOK:** For the purposes of making the best chicken of your life, you're going to flip them in the sauce half way through cooking time, basting them in all of those important flavours. Then cover and continue on cooking. I know the general rule is never to uncover your slow cooker in the middle of cooking, but this recipe works perfectly! (Just don't take too long!)

## HOW LONG DOES CHICKEN NEED TO COOK IN THE CROCKPOT?

For our crock pot recipe, cook chicken thighs with the suggested times:

**_LOW SETTING: 5-6 hours_**  
**_HIGH SETTING: 2-3 hours_**

**To check if they’re done, make sure they are fork-tender and register an
internal temperature of 165°F (75°C).**

## SAUCE FOR CHICKEN

Honey, butter, soy sauce (make sure you use low sodium), rice vinegar (or
cider vinegar), and a good kick of garlic is all you need. The added bonus is
chicken releasing juices while slow cooking, which mixes through the honey
garlic sauce to create incredible flavours!

This recipe makes SO MUCH SAUCE to drizzle all over rice, noodles, veggies and
potatoes.

While chicken is resting: pour juices from the slow cooker bowl into a pot.
Bring to a simmer and whisk in a cornstarch slurry to thicken it to a
beautiful, velvety syrup.

## CRIPY EDGES ON SLOW COOKED CHICKEN? YES!

If you want those charred, crispy edges, broil thighs for a couple of minutes
each side! You'll need a lined baking sheet; baste chicken with some of the
thickened sauce and broil until nicely charred. It doesn't need long thanks to
the brown sugar and honey in the sauce!

## MAKE AHEAD OF TIME

Chicken and sauce can be prepared up to 1 day ahead:

  * Pour sauce over seared/browned chicken (store in your slow cooker bowl, baking pan or a large, shallow dish).
  * Cover and refrigerate for up to 12 hours. Keep the sauce in separate dish.
  * Slow cook as per recipe.

**Don’t have a slow cooker? No problem! Try ourstove top/oven recipe here.**

### LEFTOVERS

Refrigerate with the sauce for up to 3 days, or freeze for 3 months. The sauce
soaks through the chicken while stored and tastes even better the next day!

## SERVING SUGGESTION

Serve over steamed or plain rice with buttery sautéed green beans or roasted
cauliflower, mashed potatoes, cauliflower mash or noddles!

## MORE SLOW COOKER RECIPES

Barbecue Ribs  
Beef Stew  
Chicken Cacciatore  
Spaghetti Bolognese  
Chili

# Slow Cooker Honey Garlic Chicken

Slow Cooker Honey Garlic Chicken cooked in the most incredible sauce. NO weird
ingredients, just fall apart-tender, bone-in and skinless chicken thighs
cooked in plenty of sauce with crispy, charred, sticky edges! Delicious crock
pot chicken recipe.

PRINT SAVE go to your favorites

Prep: 10 mins

Cook: 2 hrs

REST: 5 mins

Total: 2 hrs 15 mins

Serves: 4 \- 6 serves

### Ingredients

###  **CHICKEN:**

  * 6 large chicken thighs, preferably skinless and bone-in (2 1/2 pounds or just over 1 kg)
  * 1 tablespoon olive oil, divided

###  **RUB:**

  * 1 teaspoon paprika (mild or smoked)
  * 1/2 teaspoon brown sugar
  * 1/2 teaspoon each garlic powder and onion powder
  * 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper, (optional)
  * 1 teaspoon coarse salt
  * 1/4 teaspoon black cracked pepper

###  **HONEY GARLIC BUTTER SAUCE:**

  * 1/2 cup (6-oz | 170 g) honey
  * 1/2 cup (125 g | 4-oz) unsalted butter
  * 6 cloves garlic, finely chppped or minced
  * 2 tablespoons low sodium soy sauce
  * 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar, (or cider vinegar)
  * Good pinch of salt 
  * 1/2 teaspoon cracked black pepper

###  **ADDITIONAL:**

  * 1/4 cup water, or chicken broth
  * 2 teaspoons cornstarch (cornflour)

### Instructions

####  **CHICKEN:**

  * Pat dry boneless, skinless chicken thighs with paper towel. Combine 1/2 tablespoon of oil with rub ingredients. Season chicken, rubbing the mixture into the chicken.

  *  **OPTIONAL SEAR:** Heat remaining 1/2 tablespoon oil in a large pan or skillet over medium heat. Sear chicken for 2 minutes each side to get a nice sear. (Do not cook chicken all the way through, this step is purely for flavour.)

Transfer chicken thighs to a 6-qt (litre) slow cooker bowl.

####  **SAUCE:**

  * Melt butter in the same pan the chicken was in, scraping up any leftover browned bits in the pan. Add garlic and sauté for 1 minute until fragrant. Stir in remaining sauce ingredients; bring to a rapid simmer for 1 minute. 

Remove from heat.

####  **SLOW COOK:**

  * Pour sauce over chicken in slow cooker bowl, flipping thighs in the sauce to evenly coat. Cover with lid and cook on HIGH heat setting for 2-3 hours, or LOW heat setting for 5-6 hours. Baste with sauce half way through cooking.

  * Transfer chicken onto serving dish and tent loosely with foil. Let rest for 5 minutes.

  * While chicken is resting: pour juices from the slow cooker bowl into a pot large enough to fit the liquid. Bring to a simmer over medium-high heat.

  * Whisk 1/4 cup water (or broth) with 2 teaspoons of cornstarch/cornflour into a lumpfree slurry. Whisk into sauce and let simmer for a good 2-3 minutes, or until thickend into a syrup-like consistency. **(Please note: sauce will thicken as it cools).**

For a thicker sauce, repeat this step with 1 teaspoon extra cornstarch mixed
with 2 teaspoons water. Add into sauce and cook until thickened. Continue this
step until reaching your desired consistency.

####  **BROIL:**

  * Place slow cooked chicken thighs on a lined baking sheet. Baste chicken with some of the thickened sauce, about 2 tablespoons per thigh. Broil briefly for 1-2 minutes each side to char the edges.

  * Slice chicken and serve drizzled with Honey Garlic Butter Sauce.

### Notes

Use skinless, boneless chicken thighs. Skin on thighs are fine to use, as long
as you sear the skin to render some of the fat to avoid too much fat melting
into your braising liquid/sauce.

### Nutrition

Calories: 508kcal | Carbohydrates: 21g | Protein: 52g | Fat: 24g | Saturated
Fat: 11g | Cholesterol: 173mg | Sodium: 904mg | Potassium: 908mg | Fiber: 1g |
Sugar: 18g | Vitamin A: 638IU | Vitamin C: 1mg | Calcium: 20mg | Iron: 2mg

« Drunken Chocolate Covered Strawberries

Chickpea Tomato Salad »

### Subscribe to Cafe Delites FOR FREE and Receive Recipes Straight Into Your
Inbox!

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Meg says

December 23, 2020 at 1:16 pm

  
This was so easy to make, and it was utterly delicious!!!

Reply

  2. Martina says

November 27, 2020 at 4:00 am

If i dont have low sodium soy sauce and will use regular one, should I just
put half of the soy sauce?

Reply

  3. Matt says

October 23, 2020 at 10:50 am

  
I made this tonight but substituted maple syrup for the honey and it was
fantastic.

Reply

  4. Simone says

August 27, 2020 at 8:30 am

I love doing this recipe and chopping up some green onion as a garnish for
this dish! That little bit of crunch just adds so much

Reply

  5. LEA BANKS says

August 07, 2020 at 12:34 pm

  
Phenomenal. Just enough left over for tomorrow. I don't do this often (I'm
embarrassed to admit) but I followed to the recipe to a T (and thought all
good of myself,) but totally forgot the brown sugar. 😉 It was sweet and warmly
spicy without it. The chicken fell off the bone and that's how the husbAnd
like his chicken. Home run!!

Reply

  6. Amy says

June 16, 2020 at 2:24 am

This was insanely delicious and was a huge hit. I served it with stir fried
vegetables and brown rice. I just pulled up the recipe to make it again for my
family.

Reply

  7. Rachel says

June 10, 2020 at 5:30 am

I am in the process of making this right now for dinner however it doesn't say
what to set the boiler at. Anyone know?

Thank you

Reply

    * Tony says

June 25, 2020 at 5:52 am

I'm guessing high since it's only a minute or two.

Reply

  8. Me says

June 06, 2020 at 2:56 pm

  
I am so glad I've come across this treasure trove of cooking inspiration. How
does one pronounce "delites" btw?

Reply

  9. Jaya says

June 05, 2020 at 2:15 am

Hi. I intend to try this recipe today. I will be starting to make it at 12pm
PST, so if you could please respond, that would be of great help.

The recipe ingredient list says it's preferable to use, skinless BONE IN
chicken thighs. So that's what I bought. However, I just seen that in the
notes it says to use skinless, BONELESS chicken thighs. Which one is
preferred?

Reply

    * Jaya says

June 05, 2020 at 2:19 am

Nevermind, I just seen that this question was answered in the comments. I
can't wait to try it!

Reply

  10. Lura says

May 31, 2020 at 1:08 pm

  
I made this tonight for dinner. It was amazing! My alterations - I used
boneless skinless thighs and I am not a fan of slow cookers so I did it in my
oven Dutch oven pot. I have a large family so I tripled the recipe. My cooking
method was 1 hour @400° then I rotated the chicken in the pot and returned to
oven for another hour at 275°.  
Other than that, I followed the recipe exactly. They were so tender they fell
apart, which made it no need to cut up for putting over rice.  
I think this would also be a great recipe for pulled chicken sandwiches.  
Yummy! Thanks

Reply

  11. Andrea says

May 29, 2020 at 3:48 am

What size slow cooker did you use?

Reply

  12. Morgan says

May 28, 2020 at 3:26 am

Do you have to flip the chicken halfway? I want to make this overnight -- is
that possible?

Thanks!  
Morgan

Reply

  13. Cheri says

May 18, 2020 at 10:06 am

Sounds amazing, but I have a question … All the description of the recipe says
to use "boneless, skinless chicken thighs." But the recipe itself says to use
"preferably skinless and bone-in chicken thighs." Should they be boneless or
bone-in for the amount of time you say to cook them? I believe the cook time
will be different for bone-in chicken thighs, but I want to be sure I
understand correctly. Thank you for your clarification!

Reply

    * Karina says

May 19, 2020 at 6:29 pm

Hi Cheri, thank you for picking that up. Definitely use bone-in thighs for
this recipe. The cooking time is perfect for them.

Reply

  14. LynnNM says

May 13, 2020 at 12:42 pm

  
I made this recipe this evening, with just a few basic alterations, and it was
absolutely delicious! Instead of making it in a slow cooker, I just made it in
a skillet on my cooktop. I used the same rub and sauce. Oh my gosh, we loved
it! I also used skinless boneless chicken breasts, only because this is the
only kind of chicken I buy. This is truly a MAJOR KEEPER of a recipe that I
will make over and over again from here on out! I’m also going to try this
sauce over grilled salmon. Thank you for this wonderful recipe!!!

Reply

  15. Kim says

May 13, 2020 at 2:02 am

So excited to make this! Can you use chicken breasts instead of thighs?

Reply

  16. BJ Bigley says

May 12, 2020 at 10:38 pm

Can you use boneless skinless chicken breasts

Reply

    * Ashley McAlpine says

December 02, 2020 at 1:01 am

I'm trying with chicken breasts today.

Reply

  17. Faithful Subscriber says

May 12, 2020 at 2:01 pm

  
Holy sauce! You were right the amount of sauce in the pot was ALL THE YES. We
had plenty to serve over egg noodles, plus I made sure to hide a little extra
for tomorrow’s lunch. Unfortunately all the chicken is gone but I do have some
rotisserie chicken in the fridge. Sauce will be so good on that with rice!
I’ve never been excited over leftovers but I am now. Also I agree with searing
the chicken first. Never done that before in a slow cooker recipe but I think
it made all the difference. Next time I’m going to make a double batch with
two pots going because this disappeared in no time. THANK YOU. You make me
look like I know what I’m doing!

Reply

    * Denise says

August 15, 2020 at 4:35 am

  
Absolutely delicious! I used boneless skinless chicken thighs. My daughter who
is a picky eater loved it as well. I will definitely make this again & again!

Reply

  18. Jennifer says

May 12, 2020 at 12:11 am

Sounds yummy!  
Can you use chicken breasts instead of thighs? If so, would you need to modify
anything? Thanks!

Reply

  19. Natasha W says

May 11, 2020 at 7:18 pm

  
WOW, is what the whole family said during dinner. My family and I love your
website, thanks for sharing this incredible chicken recipe!

Reply

  20. Alyssa Rivera says

May 11, 2020 at 7:14 pm

  
Honey garlic chicken… Those are my looooooooove languages! Made this last
night and the chicken is so tender and juicy! Thank you so much Karina for
this amazing recipe!

Reply

  21. Caico McCarthy says

May 11, 2020 at 7:09 pm

  
This was so easy to make and delicious. Thank you Cafe Delites for creating
the BEST recipes, my kids love your food!

Reply

  22. Capri Mendoza says

May 11, 2020 at 7:08 pm

  
Best chicken recipe I've had in a while. That sauce is so good, we ended up
saving the extra for tomorrows dinner. Sure is a family favorite now, thank
you for creating something my kids actually like!

Reply

  23. Katri says

May 11, 2020 at 6:46 pm

Hi,  
This sounds (and looks) absolutely divine. Unfortunately I don't own a slow
cooker.. is there any other way to prepare this dish or should I simply forget
it for now?

Reply

    * Karina says

May 11, 2020 at 7:03 pm

This recipe is similar https://cafedelites.com/easy-honey-garlic-chicken/

Reply

    * Katri says

May 12, 2020 at 7:40 am

Thank you so much. Is the amount of sauce the same in both recipes (I'm a true
sauce person 😁)?

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### LOOKING FOR A RECIPE? SEARCH HERE!

Search this website

### HEY Good Food Lovers! It's nice to see you!

Welcome! My name is Karina and this is my internet kitchen hang-out. A self-
confessed _balanced_ _foodie_ sharing some waistline friendly recipes that are
_full_ of flavour. Life is too short for bland and boring. …

Read More

### Connect with Karina – Cafe Delites

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

## Footer

### Subscribe to Cafe Delites FOR FREE and Receive Recipes Straight Into Your
Inbox!

### CONNECT WITH KARINA - CAFE DELITES

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

Search this website

### Archives

Archives Select Month December 2020  November 2020  June 2020  May 2020  April
2020  March 2020  February 2020  January 2020  December 2019  November 2019
September 2019  August 2019  April 2019  March 2019  February 2019  January
2019  December 2018  November 2018  October 2018  September 2018  August 2018
July 2018  June 2018  May 2018  April 2018  March 2018  February 2018  January
2018  December 2017  November 2017  October 2017  September 2017  August 2017
July 2017  June 2017  May 2017  April 2017  March 2017  February 2017  January
2017  December 2016  November 2016  October 2016  September 2016  August 2016
July 2016  June 2016  May 2016  April 2016  March 2016  February 2016  January
2016  December 2015  November 2015  October 2015  September 2015  August 2015
July 2015  June 2015  May 2015  April 2015  March 2015  February 2015  January
2015  December 2014  November 2014  October 2014  September 2014  August 2014
July 2014  June 2014  May 2014  April 2014

### Categories

Categories Select Category Appetizers Asian Beef Beverages Bread Breakfast
Cakes, Blondies and Brownies Cheesecakes Chicken Chinese Christmas Churros
Cookies Dessert Dinner Dips Donuts Easter French Toast Game Day Greek Inspired
Ham Italian Inspired Lamb Low Carb Lunch Mexican Inspired Recipes Muffins My
Book In Previews One Pot Meals Pancakes And Crepes Pasta Pies Pork Recipes
Round Ups Salads Savoury Tooth Fix Seafood Sheet Pan Sides Slow Cooker
Smoothies and Milkshakes Snacks Soup Sweet Tooth Fix Thanksgiving Turkey
Vegetarian Waffles Weekly Meal Plan

COPYRIGHT (C) 2022 CAFE DELITES. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy

