https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/231939/honey-glazed-chicken/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Meat and Poultry
  4. Chicken
  5. Breast
  6. Honey Glazed Chicken

# Honey Glazed Chicken

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.3

501 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 291 
  * 4 star values: 152 
  * 3 star values: 30 
  * 2 star values: 20 
  * 1 star values: 8 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 501 Ratings 
  * 388 Reviews 
  * 186 Photos 

This honey chicken recipe was given to me by a friend. I've used this recipe
for years, and my family requests it often. It's a light meal that everyone
will enjoy. Serve with steamed rice.

Recipe by jbrink1

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Read the full recipe after the video.

Add Photo

Honey Glazed Chicken Shirley

Honey Glazed Chicken Melanie50

Honey Glazed Chicken Marcos Cantu

Honey Glazed Chicken z.sethna86

\+ 182 182 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

10 mins

cook:

10 mins

total:

20 mins

Servings:

4

Nutrition Info

close up view of Honey Glazed Chicken garnished with green onions over white
rice, in a white bowl

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

4

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 4 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * ¼ cup honey 
  * 2 tablespoons soy sauce 
  * ⅛ teaspoon red pepper flakes 
  * 1 ½ tablespoons olive oil 
  * 2 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves, cut into bite-size pieces 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Whisk honey, soy sauce, and red pepper flakes in a bowl; set aside.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat; cook and stir chicken in hot oil
until lightly brown, about 5 minutes.

  * Step 3

Pour honey mixture into the skillet; continue to cook and stir until chicken
is no longer pink in the center and sauce is thickened, about 5 minutes more.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

179 calories; protein 12.8g; carbohydrates 18.1g; fat 6.5g; cholesterol
33.6mg; sodium 481.2mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (388)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Misty

Rating: 4 stars

09/20/2014

This was really good! I seasoned the chicken with salt, paprika and ground
mustard powder as suggested by another reviewer. Then, I browned the chicken
in oil and removed from the skillet and added about 4 cups of stir-fry veggies
to the remaining oil until heated through. Then I poured in the sauce mixture,
which I doubled to accommodate all the added veggies, and added back the
chicken and let the sauce reduce some. Finally, I added a little cornstarch
mixed with cold water to thicken it a tad. The amount of sauce was perfect to
coat all the meat and veggies and mix well with steamed rice on the plate.
Yum!

Read More

Helpful (159)

### Most helpful critical review

Carolyn Boda Panfil

Rating: 2 stars

01/20/2014

A GLAZE is supposed to stick to the meal. This wasn't the case. It was runny.
Also, I expected it to be sweet (the honey) AND salty (the soy sauce) AND
spicy (the red pepper). The honey overpowered everything. Wouldn't recommend
to anyone.

Read More

Helpful (32)

501 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 291 
  * 4 star values: 152 
  * 3 star values: 30 
  * 2 star values: 20 
  * 1 star values: 8 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Misty

Rating: 4 stars

09/20/2014

This was really good! I seasoned the chicken with salt, paprika and ground
mustard powder as suggested by another reviewer. Then, I browned the chicken
in oil and removed from the skillet and added about 4 cups of stir-fry veggies
to the remaining oil until heated through. Then I poured in the sauce mixture,
which I doubled to accommodate all the added veggies, and added back the
chicken and let the sauce reduce some. Finally, I added a little cornstarch
mixed with cold water to thicken it a tad. The amount of sauce was perfect to
coat all the meat and veggies and mix well with steamed rice on the plate.
Yum!

Sam Hamm

Rating: 5 stars

04/14/2015

I made this last night; it was a big hit with my boyfriend. I used more honey
and pepper flakes, and about half of the soy sauce. It was a little runny when
the sauce/chicken was on the stove top, so to try to thicken the sauce up and
give the chicken more flavor, I actually transferred the chicken and sauce
into a baking dish and put it into the oven at 350 for 20-ish mins. It was
wonderful that I did that. The sauce thickened a little bit, and the chicken
was so amazing because the sauce was able to infuse into the chicken more
(like a glaze is suppose to do). Served it over rice and had stir fry
vegetables as an option to mix in or keep on the side.

Paula

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

04/18/2013

This recipe is so easy and quick to fix, and it tastes good too. I used lite
soy sauce and only 1 huge chicken breast, but I made the entire amount of
sauce so there would be enough to pour over the rice. Definitely a keeper.

Cj Lane

Rating: 5 stars

07/30/2015

I added some minced garlic to the sauce...and also before frying the chicken I
dredged it with flour (and a little bit of salt and pepper)...after adding the
sauce I brought it to rapid simmer and let it reduce so it would glaze over
also the flour from the chicken helped the process taste very similar to what
you'd get at a Chinese take put place but half the cost!

LMaine65

Rating: 4 stars

04/04/2013

This recipe was very easy and had everything already in the house. Nice quick
dinner when you don't want to run to the store after work.

Cindy

Rating: 5 stars

10/24/2016

Double the sauce & used LITE soy sauce! I seasoned the chicken w/salt, pepper,
onion and garlic powder, paprika & ground mustard powder as suggested by
another reviewer. Then, browned the chicken in oil & removed from the skillet
& added @3 cups of stir-fry veggies to the remaining oil until sauteed. Poured
in the sauce mixture (2X amount), to accommodate all the added veggies, added
back the chicken & let the sauce reduce some. Finally, I added a little
cornstarch mixed w/cold water to thicken it. The amount of sauce was perfect
to coat all the meat & veggies. Served over cooked rice.

Krista

Rating: 4 stars

06/01/2016

I've made this recipe twice now and both times it was very tasty. The first
time I made it I thought it was a little runny, so the second time I made it I
put 2 Tbs of cornstarch in a plastic bag and coated the chicken prior to
cooking. Not only did it thicken the sauce, it also added some crispness to
the chicken.

Carolyn Boda Panfil

Rating: 2 stars

01/20/2014

A GLAZE is supposed to stick to the meal. This wasn't the case. It was runny.
Also, I expected it to be sweet (the honey) AND salty (the soy sauce) AND
spicy (the red pepper). The honey overpowered everything. Wouldn't recommend
to anyone.

KalenD

Rating: 5 stars

01/13/2014

Super easy and tastey. Make this all the time. We stirfry some zucchini,
squash, onions, and red bell peppers. Make some extra sauce to put on these
veggies. Make brown rice as the base. Then the veggies. Then the chicken. Also
added some sesame seeds!

mkueny

Rating: 5 stars

05/06/2013

This recipe was delicious and super easy! I will definitely share this recipe
and make it again. Thank you for sharing!

Jamie444

Rating: 5 stars

03/09/2015

Followed the recipe except I added some cornstarch to get the sauce to thicken
up and stick to the chicken better. Was very yummy and easy, will make again.

Nicole

Rating: 5 stars

03/08/2015

Delicious! I make this at least every other week. I add about 1-2 teaspoons of
freshly grated ginger (use a less if you're using the bottled ginger), and it
tastes even better!

Carl Gunselman

Rating: 3 stars

05/14/2015

Good tasting, I had a hard time making the glaze stick to the chicken. So I
removed the chicken and reserved the glaze in the pan cooking it down till
think. Poured it over the chicken. It worked much better that way. I will make
it again.

Christine Stanowicz

Rating: 5 stars

10/19/2016

I sprinkled chicken with yellow mustard powder, paprika and salt while cooking
in olive oil. Then after adding the mixture of honey, soy sauce and red pepper
I added about 1 tablespoon of cornstarch and mixed up while cooking over
medium heat. Sause became thick like a glaze. Served with white rice and added
cooked broccoli.

Lovesmurfs

Rating: 4 stars

09/08/2015

It was pretty tasty. I did like other reviewers and used salt, pepper, garlic
powder, onion powder and paprika to the chicken while sautéing. Had 3 mongo
breasts, so doubled it. Minute Rice for 4 servings, and it worked for 3 of us
with another meal for 2. Used cornstarch to thicken sauce. With the changes,
I'd make again.

sdeandlde

Rating: 5 stars

07/17/2014

We love this! It is very easy to make and tastes great. The only change we
make is a bit of corn starch in the sauce to thicken it. This helps the sauce
to stick to the chicken better.

Nyckie

Rating: 5 stars

04/11/2014

I love it! I'm on limited diet, little fat and no spicy food. I can easily
omit the red pepper and add it to pieces for my husband. I seriously needed
something other than breaded chicken. This was perfect!

alexander521

Rating: 5 stars

03/25/2015

Great recipe. Husband was very pleased with it. Very simple to make

Jonathan Matthews

Rating: 5 stars

03/18/2015

Good recipe. Like previous post I added corn starch to thicken the glaze.
Recipe calls for a red pepper but doesn't tell you when and where to add it.

Judi Rockhill

Rating: 5 stars

09/29/2015

Easy (though it took me longer than the 20 minutes the recipe said) and my
super picky kids loved it. I followed the advice of other reviewers and added
some onion and garlic powders. I also added some cornstarch at the end to
thicken the sauce. I will definitely make again.

Danetter

Rating: 5 stars

09/10/2014

Yum! I was so tired after work today and almost decided to just order in. So
glad we didn't! This recipe is so fast and easy! After I started the rice I
realized what I thought was soy sauce was actually teriyaki, so I used that
instead. I doubled the sauce and added some onion and garlic. The perfect
recipe for a busy day.

ge ge

Rating: 5 stars

02/28/2015

Fantastic! so easy to make. Thank you so much. I will return to this site
always when I need recipes I dont have.

Sarah Sears

Rating: 5 stars

01/29/2015

Super easy and delicious! I added onions and broccoli. This will now be in my
rotation of easy weeknight meals!

southern_food23

Rating: 5 stars

02/09/2015

Love this recipe!! Very easy and didn't take long to make!! The honey and soy
sauce favors blend awesome together. I use a blend garlic power with the red
flakes and it gave it extra favor.

viviana

Rating: 5 stars

02/12/2015

Loved this! Super easy and I aded a bit of minced garlic and red pepper flakes
(just a small bit )

A Mosley

Rating: 5 stars

10/01/2015

This came out REALLY good however, I added a few things to the recipe. After
dicing the chicken, I tossed it in flour mixed with salt, black pepper, lemon
zest, and garlic powder. Then I let the chicken brown in the skillet and
gradually stirred in the honey mixture. I cooked the chicken in the mixture on
low heat for about 7-10 minutes. It tasted a little too sweet so I added in a
half tsp of white vinegar to break up the sweetness. It's soooo yummy!!

Rachel Boles

Rating: 5 stars

03/01/2015

Great recipe! Fast, easy and I had all the ingredients needed in the kitchen.
My family loved it even my husband that isn't usually a big fan of sweet
flavored meats.

Steven Schwartz

Rating: 4 stars

05/24/2016

I'm a newbie cook, and I modified the recipe a bit for more chicken. The sauce
didn't turn out as thick or sweet as I thought it would, and two of my three
kids thought it was 'too spicy' from the crushed red peppers. I liked it, but
will tweak the recipe some next time. Looking forward to trying more recipes
on this app. Thanks!

MariMarie Morrison

Rating: 4 stars

09/20/2016

It was really yummy! I made some fried rice to go with it. Boyfriend was
really happy with it and it was fast.

Susan Urbanek

Rating: 5 stars

01/18/2016

This was delicious and easy! I was concerned about the sauce at first, but if
you let it simmer for a little bit (5-10) minutes on medium-low heat it will
actually glaze the chicken. My only problem was that my chicken was still just
slightly frozen so it was a little tough. But I'll definitely make this
again... Often!

Shel

Rating: 5 stars

05/06/2016

This was yum. I needed a quick dish that would still taste good. The flavors
in this dish were perfect. The sauce isn't too think but I was fine with that
as I had this chicken over salad ..so liked the sauce drizzled over my greens

Jerris Charles

Rating: 5 stars

03/18/2019

This is a delicious recipe and easy to make. The only thing I do is toss the
chicken pieces in cornstarch before browning. This makes the chicken a little
crispy and the sauce thickens just enough.

sara

Rating: 2 stars

03/10/2015

I think it's good but I add some cayenne pepper and extra red flakes which
makes it better

Kaboom Salon Inc.

Rating: 5 stars

10/09/2016

This will be a staple in my house. Everyone loved it! Simple easy and tasty!

shayrae

Rating: 5 stars

08/01/2016

Easiest sauce ever. I do suggest adding some corn starch or in a pinch, even
flour worked for me to thicken but if you boil it long enough, it gets sticky
on its own. My chicken or pork is usually done by then so I hate to overcook
to thicken the sauce which is why I add a thickener. Either way, delicious!

Jamilet Rodriguez

Rating: 5 stars

05/27/2015

Wanted something simple and new to make and ran into this recipe. Had all the
ingredients so I made it :). It was so good, flavorful, smooth, sweet with
that hint of spicy. The only thing I changed was I added a table spoon of
garlic for a extra flavor to the honey. Will make again :).

lparady

Rating: 5 stars

04/04/2016

Super quick and easy! My picky husband and 3 young kids all ate it and that's
a winner for me! The only change I made was to eliminate the red pepper flakes
for them, but I added them to my portion. Delicious!

Sori

Rating: 4 stars

04/26/2015

This dish was great because I already had all the ingredients in my kitchen.
It was very quick and easy. The only issue I had was the fact the sauce was
too thin so it didn't stick to the chicken that well. But other than that I
was delicious served over brown rice. Even my 3 year old liked it

becky

Rating: 5 stars

03/19/2016

Even my picky eater liked it! Added peas while cooking the chicken & served
over brown rice. Used low sodium soy sauce. No issues with acid reflux with
this meal either!

Auntieda

Rating: 5 stars

03/15/2016

Made this and loved it! Followed a suggestion to season the chicken with
paprika, salt, & ground mustard. Perfect addition. I also added a bag of
frozen veggies and thickened with a little corn starch. Served with Asian
Coconut Rice from here as well.

stevepap

Rating: 5 stars

12/08/2015

No leftovers here! My family loved it! I added lots of vegetables (some yellow
onion, red bell pepper, zucchini and carrot) and my family devoured it! Huge
hit, quick and easy! Will make again!

Val

Rating: 4 stars

08/18/2016

Very good and simple recipe, although my sauce did not thicken.

anne

Rating: 2 stars

11/15/2016

I followed other reviewers suggestions and added some seasoning like salt and
pepper, garlic powder, onion powder, ground mustard but the honey overpowered
everything. The sauce never thickened so I added some cornstarch. I'll give it
another try because it was so quick and easy, but cut back on the honey.

Faye Cummings

Rating: 5 stars

09/24/2016

For a recipe this simple and quick, it was surprisingly flavourful! The
chicken was still tender and the sauce thickened up nicely to go over rice or
any other side dish. This will be my go to dinner in a hurry. Thumbs up!

Meisam

Rating: 4 stars

03/10/2014

Quick and easy recipe. Had it with raw veggies instead of the rice.

Rebecca

Rating: 5 stars

09/17/2013

This was super easy and very good. I just through in frozen (pre-cooked)
chicken with the honey and soy sauce and it liquified nicely. No need to add
oil. Very good.

mharrisRN

Rating: 4 stars

08/18/2014

I made this and added half a bag of frozen onion and pepper mix and 2 rings of
pineapple. It was great!

Kym Houser

Rating: 5 stars

11/19/2015

great recipe, the sauce was a bit runny so I added corn starch and I added
sweet chili sauce to make it a bit spicier

Sara

Rating: 4 stars

06/04/2015

Added some corn starch to thicken sauce. Had with vegetable stir fry mix and
rice.

Samantha Marie White

Rating: 5 stars

01/04/2016

The sauce is very runny, as others have noted; however I decided to put my
chicken on top of a salad and used the extra sauce as the dressing. I also
used corn syrup instead of honey and it was amazing.

Dorothy Welch

Rating: 5 stars

06/25/2017

Some small changes my grandson uses the sauce on rice. He loves this

pittsburggrindiberg

Rating: 4 stars

01/25/2016

I sliced up a green bell pepper and an onion and sauteed those in the oil
about 3 or 4 minutes before adding the chicken. This really added to a well-
rounded flavor for the dish that I would repeat again. Also, I found the glaze
to also be runny, so whisked in maybe a teaspoon of corn starch to thicken it
up and then it was the right consistency. I think I would try adding more
pepper flakes or a bit of vinegar next time, to add contrast to the pretty
strong honey flavor. But overall, it's a good basic bones for a VERY simple
and highly edible weeknight meal!

S6C9

Rating: 5 stars

10/25/2016

It was delicious. We like our food spicy so I added extra pepper flakes and
dredged the chicken in flour before frying. Tasted so good.

Lori Evans

Rating: 5 stars

08/02/2017

yes family loves it

Micrathene

Rating: 5 stars

10/24/2016

I loved it! I did add a lot of garlic to it, plus more soy sauce.

Danielle Kelly

Rating: 4 stars

12/28/2014

This is good with rice.

Kiachichi66

Rating: 2 stars

08/15/2017

Made exactly as written - very plain and watery

cindy

Rating: 4 stars

06/01/2017

Very, very easy to prepare. Good taste. Sauce needed a little thickening.

Girlygal987

Rating: 5 stars

10/19/2013

Delicious!

Kihran

Rating: 4 stars

07/18/2016

We really enjoyed this recipe with mods. I listened to the comments and
seasoned the chicken which garlic powder mix, paprika and salt and pepper. I
also thickened the sauce with cornstarch and doubled the amount. We also added
asparagus and peppers to the mix. Yum!!

Dave McIntyre

Rating: 5 stars

10/26/2016

Made a ever so slight adjustment - added 1/2 tsp of corn starch and doubled
the recipe. I also substituted chili pepper flakes for the red pepper flakes.
It was sweet with a nice little kick for the finish - awesome meal!!

Angela

Rating: 5 stars

10/29/2016

Simple, quick, and delicious! I used low sodium soy sauce.

Bob and Dee

Rating: 5 stars

04/04/2017

We made this as is, and everyone in the house loved it. Tonight will be the
3rd time it will hit our table. We have quadrupled the recipe except the red
pepper flakes because the last batch was a touch too hot. We serve it over
white rice with a veggie side. It is one of our favorites.

llietz

Rating: 5 stars

10/28/2016

We really liked this recipe. I did make a few changes following some of the
other reviewers suggestions. I prepared the chicken in bigger chunks than
shown in the picture. I gave the chicken some salt and pepper and then dusted
it with enough corn starch to evenly coat. I then cooked the chicken in a
large skillet with vegetable oil until about almost done. I then added the
honey sauce. The only change I made to the honey sauce was to add a tablespoon
of Lingham's hot sauce. Lingham's Hot Sauce is a sweet hot sauce that can be
found in the Mexican section at Walmart. (The sauce is spicy on its own - but
with the chicken and the honey it added what we thought was the perfect little
addition!)

Tommy

Rating: 4 stars

08/14/2016

Good quick dinner. I tossed the chicken in flour before I fried it. Help keep
the sauce from falling off.

Lindsay

Rating: 5 stars

02/26/2017

Wowza! A family favourite routinely demanded!

Sherri98

Rating: 5 stars

08/01/2017

My very picky son absolutely loves it. Made it for a family get together and
the pan was scraped clean! Wouldn't change anything about this recipe!

Learning To Cook

Rating: 4 stars

01/06/2014

Taste was good, but it needed something else. Next time I'm going to add red &
yellow bell peppers and I will probably add the rice to the fry pan before
removing the chicken.

coateslk

Rating: 4 stars

03/31/2013

This recipe was great. I will be sure to add a little more honey and soy sauce
to have extra sauce afterwards.

Patty

Rating: 5 stars

10/27/2016

OMGoodness! This was so good! I was a little concerned at first when I tasted
the honey/soy-sauce mixture alone, but when I added it to my chicken stir-fry
and finished cooking it - it was utterly delicious! I used boneless/skinless
chicken thigh because that's what I had on hand. I did embellish a bit...
added some onion, bell pepper (red, yellow, and orange), and two slice
mushrooms (had on-hand/about to expire). This would be fine on it's own but
also a great recipe for adding your "odds 'n ends" veggies you have in the
fridge. I think if you've seen it in an Asian dish, it could easily be added
here. Yes, I will make this again! Thank you!!

Sandra Welch

Rating: 5 stars

10/25/2016

I needed something in a hurry so I decided to try this recipe. We loved it. I
didn't change a thing. Plan to keep this one handy so I can make it often.

army cook

Rating: 5 stars

10/29/2016

Very easy and tasty . Tossed microwaved mixed stir fry veggies in with it and
served it over rice. Nice quick meal.

Jackie Huynh

Rating: 4 stars

09/13/2017

The sauce is completely runny, as said by another user, so it's not really a
glaze. Flavor was still good though, and it's a super easy and quick recipe to
whip up, so I can't complain.

jessdianne

Rating: 4 stars

02/14/2016

Great recipe! I added a little bit of minced garlic and corn starch to the
sauce. I also seasoned the chicken breasts with Salt, Paprika, and Ground
Mustard. Served with white rice and corn.

Justin Dismore

Rating: 5 stars

12/01/2016

ertertert

Mandy P.

Rating: 4 stars

07/22/2018

The sauce is very good. I did not put the red pepper flakes in, but instead
used 1 clove of garlic. I would recommend marinating the chicken in the sauce
and then cooking (for more moist and flavorful chicken).

Lori

Rating: 5 stars

03/30/2018

This was delicious and super easy. I added about two tablespoons of chopped
yellow onion and served over rice. I also seasoned the chicken with salt and
paprika before cooking based on another review. I will definitely be making
this again.

Stephanie Sayre

Rating: 5 stars

01/13/2015

everyone loved this. we let it marrinade over night. families new favorite.

renee

Rating: 5 stars

03/25/2014

I added onions, garlic powder, onion powder and Mrs. Dash Onion & Herb
seasoning. I also stir fried thinly sliced cabbage and sweet corn kernels in
with the chicken. This was a really yummy dish and quick to make AND the kids
loved it!

Felicia Soldrich

Rating: 4 stars

04/27/2017

added extra garlic to the soy and honey. Excellent recipe, great taste!

Shell Mo

Rating: 2 stars

11/15/2016

I didn't deviate from the recipe. I used each ingredient in the proper amount,
maybe it was because I used soy sauce packets from the Chinese restaurant, the
flavors didn't unite well at all even after whisking well. My suggestion is to
taste the mixed liquid ingredients before putting them on the chicken to make
sure you like it.

Brian White

Rating: 4 stars

02/17/2018

Quite good but could pre-thicken the sauce so the chicken doesn't get over-
cooked.

Cowgirl Belinda

Rating: 4 stars

01/05/2017

I made it as stated, but I doubled sauce, which was perfect. Very easy and
yummy

topher0987

Rating: 3 stars

04/02/2016

cut down amount of soy sauce in order to get the glaze, otherwise you end up
with looks like just soy sauce sitting in the bottom of the pan. tastes great!

Stephanie Marie Arroyo

Rating: 5 stars

02/18/2018

Super easy to make and it tasted amazing! Thank you for the recipe!!!
Definitely will be making it again soon

phenomenalw

Rating: 5 stars

02/12/2014

Me and my family loved this recipe. The only thing i did differently was I
used whole bone in chicken breast, and took the skin off. I doubled the recipe
because I used 4 whole breast. The recipe itself I followed the recipe as
directed just doubled it. And of course I cooked it a little longer.

Sarah Speranzioso

Rating: 1 stars

11/29/2016

Does not even come close t the receipe

joanna

Rating: 1 stars

07/02/2019

I wanted a non spicy version so left out the red pepper flakes. I coated
chicken in flour. Texture was good. I didn’t like the taste. I added some
things at the end to try to salvage it: ginger, garlic powder, salt. My
husband thought it was decent. I could eat it. My toddler son didn’t like it.

Baz

Rating: 5 stars

04/29/2017

no changes. perfect

K-Slice

Rating: 5 stars

09/18/2017

This made a great dinner. As others suggested we dusted the chicken with corn
starch before cooking. After the chicken was done, we removed it from the pan
and stir fried some veggies. Then we added the chicken back to the pan before
adding the sauce that we had doubled.

Lori

Rating: 5 stars

04/12/2020

This was very good! I followed the recipe except for taking the advice of the
other reviewers and adding cornstarch...that really helped to thicken-up the
sauce so it was able to stuck to the chicken. Very easy & quick!

Mickey

Rating: 4 stars

06/24/2019

The only thing I changed was the red pepper flakes, I didn't have any, so I
used Tabasco red sauce. Tasted pretty good. I would make this again

Kasey Grass

Rating: 3 stars

12/12/2016

Did not seem to have quite enough honey or whatever is needed to get the glaze
to stick to the chicken. Would need a few improvements.

Sam

Rating: 4 stars

03/11/2014

Delicious made for my dad and sister and they loved it! It was really quick
and easy it's the perfect weekday meal:)

Mariah Kimberly Ann

Rating: 5 stars

11/14/2016

I made this for my family and they loved it. It was just enough mixture of
sweetness to spice, it was delightful. I will definably be adding to my list
of dishes to make again.

julie

Rating: 3 stars

06/17/2019

I added a third chicken breast. It was too bland as the honey seemed to
vanish. One reviewer caramelized the honey to make it stick to the chicken

Asangwua Ikein

Rating: 5 stars

01/08/2015

Ate this last night. We coupled it with rice and mixed vegetables. Very
delicious; sweet and spicy! I was raving about it all last night. Most people
will already have the ingredients--which is great. We had fun "deboning"
chicken breasts. Overall YUM!

annahenrybird

Rating: 5 stars

10/10/2018

Really good! I added about a half tablespoon of sriracha to the glaze which
really enhanced the flavor. At first the glaze did not seem to stick to the
chicken but the more it cooked the thicker and stickier the sauce got. Tastes
great in flour tortillas!

penny

Rating: 5 stars

09/14/2017

Made this last night and my husband asked me to put it on the "short list" of
dishes to have for dinner. I shook the chicken pieces in 2T cornstarch before
browning and while they were cooking, sprinkled some yellow mustard powder,
kosher salt and paprika as previously noted in other reviews. I also doubled
the amount of the sauce so when I added my steamed veggies for just a minute
at the end they were fully coated along with the chicken. Since I steamed the
veggies separately they were crisp but covered with the sauce before serving.
I served it over sticky rice but it would've been great alone. Thanks for the
recipe!

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Honey Glazed Chicken

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Honey Glazed Chicken

##  All Reviews for Honey Glazed Chicken

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Honey Glazed Chicken

Servings Per Recipe: 4  
Calories: 178.9  

% Daily Value *

protein:  12.8g  26 %

carbohydrates:  18.1g  6 %

dietary fiber:  0.1g  1 %

sugars:  17.5g

fat:  6.5g  10 %

saturated fat:  1.1g  6 %

cholesterol:  33.6mg  11 %

vitamin a iu:  47.3IU  1 %

niacin equivalents:  8.1mg  63 %

vitamin b6:  0.3mg  16 %

vitamin c:  0.2mg

folate:  3.2mcg  1 %

calcium:  8.9mg  1 %

iron:  0.7mg  4 %

magnesium:  15.5mg  6 %

potassium:  131.4mg  4 %

sodium:  481.2mg  19 %

calories from fat:  58.4

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Honey Glazed Chicken

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 388

Honey Glazed Chicken

1 of 186 Honey Glazed Chicken

Shirley

Honey Glazed Chicken

2 of 186 Honey Glazed Chicken

Melanie50

Honey Glazed Chicken

3 of 186 Honey Glazed Chicken

Marcos Cantu

Honey Glazed Chicken

4 of 186 Honey Glazed Chicken

z.sethna86

Honey Glazed Chicken

5 of 186 Honey Glazed Chicken

Pat-Perry

Honey Glazed Chicken

6 of 186 Honey Glazed Chicken

Denver Nixon

Honey Glazed Chicken

7 of 186 Honey Glazed Chicken

rob

Honey Glazed Chicken

8 of 186 Honey Glazed Chicken

Shania J.p

Honey Glazed Chicken

9 of 186 Honey Glazed Chicken

Tori Waddell

Honey Glazed Chicken

10 of 186 Honey Glazed Chicken

Eric Ochieng

Honey Glazed Chicken

11 of 186 Honey Glazed Chicken

Mary Monaco

Honey Glazed Chicken

12 of 186 Honey Glazed Chicken

Samiray2014

Honey Glazed Chicken

13 of 186 Honey Glazed Chicken

Unfamiliarwiththekitchen

Honey Glazed Chicken

14 of 186 Honey Glazed Chicken

Kayla Moats

Honey Glazed Chicken

15 of 186 Honey Glazed Chicken

pharmcooker

Honey Glazed Chicken

16 of 186 Honey Glazed Chicken

Nicki

Honey Glazed Chicken

17 of 186 Honey Glazed Chicken

Sally J Blakney

Honey Glazed Chicken

18 of 186 Honey Glazed Chicken

Chanda Williams

Honey Glazed Chicken

19 of 186 Honey Glazed Chicken

Jeannie Marie

Honey Glazed Chicken

20 of 186 Honey Glazed Chicken

Denise Beinke

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Honey Glazed Chicken to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Honey Glazed Chicken

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

