https://mariasmenu.com/fish/fish-crumb-fry


Skip to content

[ ADVERTISEMENT ]

MENU

  * KERALA RECIPES
  * BROWSE
    * ABOUT KERALA
    * READER BUZZ
    * START YOUR FOOD BLOG
    * SHOP
    * ADVERTISE
    * CONVERSIONS
    * FAQ
    * CONTACT
    * RECIPE CLUB ($10)
    * BUY EBOOK
  * ABOUT
  * JOIN US!
  *   * 

MENU

  * KERALA RECIPES
  * BROWSE
    * ABOUT KERALA
    * READER BUZZ
    * START YOUR FOOD BLOG
    * SHOP
    * ADVERTISE
    * CONVERSIONS
    * FAQ
    * CONTACT
    * RECIPE CLUB ($10)
    * BUY EBOOK
  * ABOUT
  * JOIN US!
  *   * 

  * Save 

# Fish Crumb Fry

January 14, 2019July 3, 2017

Sharing Is Caring! If you liked this, share this with your friends & family...

73 Shares

  * __ Facebook
  * __ Twitter
  * __ Pinterest
  * __

I'm always happy to come across new appetizer / starter recipes. Like I've
said many times before, I always look forward to the starters and desserts on
the menu. I was thrilled when I came across this recipe.

I had it a friend's place and initially, I thought it was cutlet. But the
first bite, told me a different story. I got a feel of a nugget, but a spicy
kind. It was a pleasant surprise to know that it was fish! I asked Sneha, my
friend, for the recipe and she said, it's an old recipe of her mom's. While I
was planning to call her one day to get the recipe details, I was presented
with a hand written note of the recipe. Thank you so much Sneha and to your
Amma, too for this wonderful recipe :)

Somehow, I haven't come across many fish appetizers; prawns, yes, but fish
rarely. Like I said, I'm really excited to share this recipe with you. It's a
really good one and it's so easy and simple. Readily available ingredients,
simple steps to follow and the end result is a wonderful dish. Btw, please try
a bite and see, even if you are not a fish person. Trust me, you don't want to
miss tasting this great starter. It's like an Indian version of fish nuggets
;)

I've used frozen fish fillet, which makes it all the more easier to make.
Since it's kinda boneless, kids can also enjoy this treat. You can also use
any fresh white fish fillet as well. Another thing I like about this - you can
make it ahead and store in the freezer. So, it's a winner on all counts.

Here is the recipe…

Add pepper powder, turmeric powder, salt, lemon juice, plain flour and corn
flour to finely chopped ingredients (onion, ginger, garlic, green chilli &
coriander leaves). Mix it till it becomes a paste form. Add more flour, if
required…

  * Save 

  
Dry the cleaned fish pieces using tissue paper. Cover each fish piece,
completely, with the above paste. Refrigerate for 1 hour…

  * Save 

  
After an hour, roll the fish pieces in bread crumbs. Refrigerate for another
half an hour…

  * Save 

  
Heat oil in a deep and wide pan on med - high. Once the oil is hot enough
(test with a single piece) reduce the flame to low -medium. Fry the prepared
fish pieces in batches, till it becomes golden brown. Serve hot with chilli
mayo or ketchup…

  * Save 

  * Save 

## Fish Crumb Fry

Print Pin

Course: Appetiser, Snack, Starter

Servings: 4

Author: Maria Jose Martin

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 300-350 gms Fish fillet  (cut into small - medium size pieces (I used frozen dori fillet))
  * ▢ 1 big +1 small Onion  (finely chopped)
  * ▢ 1 tbsp Chopped garlic 
  * ▢ 1/2 tbsp Chopped ginger 
  * ▢ 2 Green chilli  (chopped)
  * ▢ 1 tbsp Chopped coriander leaves 
  * ▢ 1/2 tsp Pepper powder
  * ▢ 1/2 tsp Turmeric powder 
  * ▢ 1 tbsp Plain flour
  * ▢ 1/2 tbsp Corn flour 
  * ▢ 1 tbsp Lemon juice 
  * ▢ Salt
  * ▢ 1 - 1.5 cups Bread crumbs 
  * ▢ Oil  (for deep frying, I used sunflower oil)

### Instructions

  * ▢

Mix together finely chopped onion, ginger, garlic, green chilli and coriander
leaves (you can use food processor to finely chop these ingredients)

  * ▢

Add pepper powder, turmeric powder, salt, lemon juice, plain flour and corn
flour to finely chopped ingredients. Mix it till it becomes a paste form. Add
more flour, if required.

  * ▢

Dry the cleaned fish pieces using tissue paper. Cover each fish piece,
completely, with the above paste. Refrigerate for 1 hour.

  * ▢

After an hour, roll the fish pieces in bread crumbs. Refrigerate for another
half an hour.

  * ▢

Heat oil in a deep and wide pan on med - high. Once the oil is hot enough
(test with a single piece) reduce the flame to low -medium. Fry the prepared
fish pieces in batches, till it becomes golden brown. Serve hot with chilli
mayo or ketchup.

### Notes

You can store the prepared fish pieces in fridge for 2 days. If you are using
fresh fish fillet, you can freeze it for 2 weeks. Make sure you thaw it,
before frying.  
It's better to cut the fillet in small pieces, if you are planning to serve it
as an appetiser. The frying time may vary depending on the size of fish
pieces. You can use any white fish fillet for this recipe.

Tried this recipe? Let others know by…mentioning @mariasmenu or tagging
#mariasmenu

  * Save 

Sharing Is Caring! If you liked this, share this with your friends & family...

73 Shares

  * __ Facebook
  * __ Twitter
  * __ Pinterest
  * __

### Have you tried these today?

  * Lemon And Raspberry Crumb Cake
  * Chicken Spring Roll
  * Valentines Day Dessert Recipes Roundup
  * Christmas/Easter Party Menu

### 3 thoughts on "Fish Crumb Fry"

  1. kennice angle

July 7, 2017 at 10:18 am

Hmmm, Your fish crumb fry dish looks crispy.Thanks to share your fish recipe.

Reply

  2. Priya

July 4, 2017 at 1:52 pm

Hi Maria  
I was wondering if this recipe could be modified by crumbling the fish and
then mixing it with the rest of the ingredients like we would do for a cutlet
mixture? The thought of biting into fish which has only a coating of
condiments is a bit of a put off. Please advise. Thanks. Priya

Reply

    * Maria Jose

July 5, 2017 at 7:00 pm

Hi Priya,

You mean, mincing the fish and using it? I havent tried it yet, but I guess
you can do that. May be you need to add more flour and cornflour to bind it.
Hope you get to try it soon and like it too..

Cheers  
Maria

Reply

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Comment

Name Email Website

Δ

## TRENDING recipes now…

  * ABOUT MARIASMENU - Learn more about MariasMenu, Maria & Jose…
  * RECIPE (GALLERY) INDEX
  * RECIPE TIMELINE
  * BY CUISINE… __ __
    * Arabic Recipes
    * Kerala Recipes
    * Kerala Christian Recipes
    * Indo Chinese Recipes
    * North Indian Recipes
    * Indian Dessert Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * No Onion and No Garlic
  * BY INGREDIENT… __ __
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Duck Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Mutton Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Fish Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * Eggless Baking Recipes
    * Eggless Dessert Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes
    * Dal Recipes
    * Rice & Noodle Recipes
    * Paneer Recipes
    * Pasta Recipes
    * Fruit Recipes
  * BY OCCASION… __ __
    * MM Favourites
    * Christmas Recipes
    * Diwali Sweet Recipes
    * Onam Recipes
    * Party Recipes
    * Snack & Starter Recipes
    * Breakfast Recipes
  * BY SPECIALITY… __ __
    * Dessert Recipes
    * Dips & Sauces Recipes
    * Bachelor Recipes
    * Baking Recipes
    * Cake Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * No Bake Recipes
    * Healthy Recipes
    * Soup Recipes
    * Salad Recipes
    * Sandwiches Recipes
    * Savoury Bake Recipes
    * Spicy Recipes
    * Pudding Recipes
    * Payasam Recipes
    * Pickle Recipes
    * Mocktail Recipes
    * AWW Recipes
  * TOP __ __
    * Top 10 All Time Best Recipes
    * Top 10 Reader Favs
    * Top 10 Shared Recipes
    * Top 10 Pinned Recipes
    * Top 10 Tweeted Recipes
  * BUY - MM Chicken eBooklet - Grab The Chicken eBooklet!
  * BUY - MM Christmas eBooklet - Grab The Christmas Booklet!

## Discover only the best cooking recipes, hand picked by Maria…

Find only the best cooking recipes, hand selected by Maria. They're **tried,
tasted and trusted by over 125,000 smart cooks**. Discover below the best of
MariasMenu!

Search for:

## Here's The Latest MM Video Recipe (Remember To Subscribe)…

103K Followers

913 Followers

7.7K Followers

15K Followers

14.3K Followers

8.3K Followers

Please don't steal the photos. We won't complain – but it's bad karma! Giving
credit won't hurt :)

(C) 2022 MariasMenu * Privacy Policy * __RSS

  * ABOUT MARIASMENU
  * RECIPE (GALLERY) INDEX
  * RECIPE TIMELINE
  * BY CUISINE…
    * Arabic Recipes
    * Kerala Recipes
    * Kerala Christian Recipes
    * Indo Chinese Recipes
    * North Indian Recipes
    * Indian Dessert Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * No Onion and No Garlic
  * BY INGREDIENT…
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Duck Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Mutton Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Fish Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * Eggless Baking Recipes
    * Eggless Dessert Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes
    * Dal Recipes
    * Rice & Noodle Recipes
    * Paneer Recipes
    * Pasta Recipes
    * Fruit Recipes
  * BY OCCASION…
    * MM Favourites
    * Christmas Recipes
    * Diwali Sweet Recipes
    * Onam Recipes
    * Party Recipes
    * Snack & Starter Recipes
    * Breakfast Recipes
  * BY SPECIALITY…
    * Dessert Recipes
    * Dips & Sauces Recipes
    * Bachelor Recipes
    * Baking Recipes
    * Cake Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * No Bake Recipes
    * Healthy Recipes
    * Soup Recipes
    * Salad Recipes
    * Sandwiches Recipes
    * Savoury Bake Recipes
    * Spicy Recipes
    * Pudding Recipes
    * Payasam Recipes
    * Pickle Recipes
    * Mocktail Recipes
    * AWW Recipes
  * TOP
    * Top 10 All Time Best Recipes
    * Top 10 Reader Favs
    * Top 10 Shared Recipes
    * Top 10 Pinned Recipes
    * Top 10 Tweeted Recipes
  * BUY - MM Chicken eBooklet
  * BUY - MM Christmas eBooklet

Close

73 Shares

  * __ Facebook
  * __ Twitter
  * __ Pinterest
  * __ More Networks

Share via

Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn

Mix

Pinterest

Tumblr

Skype

Buffer

Pocket

VKontakte

Parler

Xing

Reddit

Flipboard

MySpace

Delicious

Amazon

Digg

Evernote

Blogger

LiveJournal

Baidu

MeWe

NewsVine

Yummly

Yahoo

WhatsApp

Viber

SMS

Telegram

Facebook Messenger

Like

Email

Print

Copy Link

Copy link

CopyCopied

