https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/260624/air-fried-crumbed-fish/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Seafood
  4. Fish
  5. Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

# Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.7

112 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 83 
  * 4 star values: 25 
  * 3 star values: 4 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 112 Ratings 
  * 95 Reviews 
  * 18 Photos 

This air fryer fish recipe is delicious. Crumbed fish is one of my favorite
fried items, and this air-fried version of the recipe gives me great flavor
without the fat.

Recipe by MARCEA

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

Add Photo

Air-Fried Crumbed Fish all_feast

Air-Fried Crumbed Fish Cynthia Payton

Air-Fried Crumbed Fish Debbie Jones

Air-Fried Crumbed Fish Katrina Odstrcil Gonzales

\+ 14 14 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

10 mins

cook:

15 mins

total:

25 mins

Servings:

4

Yield:

4 fillets

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

4

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 4 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1 cup dry bread crumbs 
  * ¼ cup vegetable oil 
  * 4 flounder fillets 
  * 1 egg, beaten 
  * 1 lemon, sliced 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Preheat an air fryer to 350 degrees F (180 degrees C).

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Place bread crumbs and oil into a shallow bowl; stir until mixture becomes
loose and crumbly.

  * Step 3

Dip fish fillets into egg; shake off any excess. Dip fillets into bread crumb
mixture; coat evenly and fully.

  * Step 4

Lay coated fillets gently in the air fryer basket; cook in the preheated air
fryer until fish flakes easily with a fork, about 12 minutes. Garnish with
lemon slices; serve.

I Made It  Print

##  Tips

Use any variety of fish you prefer.

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

354 calories; protein 26.9g; carbohydrates 22.5g; fat 17.7g; cholesterol
106.7mg; sodium 308.9mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (95)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Hambone

Rating: 5 stars

11/16/2018

The flounder turned out really well in the air fryer. After reading reviews
about the recipe being bland I made some changes. I added salt and pepper to
the egg wash. To the bread crumbs I added 2tsp of old bay, 1/2 tsp garlic
powder, 1tsp paprika, and some salt & pepper. Can’t wait to make it again.

Read More

Helpful (66)

### Most helpful critical review

Jena Bjertness

Rating: 3 stars

06/11/2018

Needs seasoning added - I added garlic powder and thyme after the first batch.
Otherwise very moist fish!

Read More

Helpful (1)

112 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 83 
  * 4 star values: 25 
  * 3 star values: 4 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 0 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Hambone

Rating: 5 stars

11/16/2018

The flounder turned out really well in the air fryer. After reading reviews
about the recipe being bland I made some changes. I added salt and pepper to
the egg wash. To the bread crumbs I added 2tsp of old bay, 1/2 tsp garlic
powder, 1tsp paprika, and some salt & pepper. Can’t wait to make it again.

kkristenus

Rating: 5 stars

01/10/2019

This was by far, the best fish I have ever eaten in my entire life. I bought a
whole bunch of cod filets because I wanted to make beer battered fish. I fried
some up in the deep fryer and the beer batter coating came off. That's when I
found this recipe and I made one for myself, just to make sure they would turn
out alright. Way better than any store-bought or take-out battered cod, ever!
The only adjustment I made was that I used EVOO instead of vegetable oil
because that's all I had on hand. Thank you!

jenels

Rating: 4 stars

01/13/2018

I made this recipe and we really liked it. A lot healthier than pan frying the
fish. I used the fish pre- set option on my fryer. Will definitely make this
again.

Paul

Rating: 5 stars

01/04/2018

Awesome starter recipe for my new air fryer! i mixed my bread crumbs 50/50
with some potato chip dust, which added enough oil to make these babies ROCK!

Dorothy Maurer

Rating: 5 stars

11/16/2018

This was delicious. I slightly modified the recipe for an even healthier meal.
I used olive oil instead vegetable oil. I used 2 egg whites in place of the 1
egg. I also used salt and pepper on the filet before dipping in egg. I baked
at 360 degrees for 12 minutes. It was amazing. Will make again.

Jaci Clayton

Rating: 5 stars

08/23/2019

This is incredible! I was a little skeptical at first. We have a freezer full
of Halibut from our Alaska trip this summer and I wanted to replicate a
delicious meal we had at the beach this past weekend at a nice Chinese
restaurant. Crispy Halibut with Ginger-Scallion sauce. I used Panko (white)
bread crumbs from Wegmans. I also used peanut oil because I like the flavor.
My fillets are big because the halibut we caught was 135 pounds. I dipped the
fillets in the egg and then the panko crumbs and oil mixture and into the air
fryer basket for 25 mins. They were fantastic. This is a wonderful recipe. I
am so happy I found it. I can now have crispy Halibut when ever I want.

Michelle

Rating: 5 stars

02/12/2020

We made the fish without any oil at all in the mix. That just sounded weird to
us. I think next time we will try a little oil just to see if it is good that
way too. We did add spices to the breadcrumbs and we used gluten free
breadcrumbs. It turned out really good in our air fryer. Crispy on the outside
and the fish was moist. We served coleslaw, French fries, and tater tots with
it.

beth

Rating: 5 stars

08/07/2018

Very good! Used Walleye - very moist and delicious.

Debbie

Rating: 5 stars

01/30/2020

Delicious way to make healthier fish. I didn't add the oil to the crumbs,
instead sprayed it on before frying (so I used a lot less). Turned out crisp
and tasty. Made it 2 nights in a row!

Mike Haire

Rating: 4 stars

05/22/2018

I made this with bluegills and it was pretty good. 5 min. @ 380 yielded a
crispy fillet. Next time I will season the fillets prior to the egg wash. It
just seemed to be lacking flavor with the bread crumbs alone. I even used
Italian bread crumbs.

fruitdog

Rating: 4 stars

08/01/2019

Turned out great! I did have to add more seasoning because I was using catfish
and live in the south. Both the BF and I were really impressed with the
crispiness, color and flavor! *I'm new to the air fryer but it has been
wonderful so far! Thank you for air frying recipes!

Ann Mills Chancey

Rating: 5 stars

03/27/2020

Instead of mixing the oil and crumbs together, I sprayed the fillets with
olive oil cooking spray once I laid them in the air fryer. I also dipped the
fillets in the egg again and coated one side with Parmesan cheese. Of course,
put that side up in the air fryer. They turned out very nicely.

laura

Rating: 5 stars

09/25/2019

This turned out great. I did add some additional spices. Mixed together
pepper, paprika, celery salt and sprinkled on fish after dredging in
breadcrumbs. Will definitely make this again! Family loved it.

Brittany Nispel

Rating: 5 stars

01/30/2020

This recipe was amazing! Turned out perfect! I did make a few small changes. I
used seasoned bread crumbs instead of the plain. Then I added a little bit of
old bay, salt, pepper, and lemon juice to the crumb mixture. Then in the eggs
I added a little old bay, salt and pepper. And instead of flounder I used
haddock. My family loved it! Even the kids who are usually picky eaters. I
will be using this recipe every time I make air fried fish :)

Shevanity

Rating: 5 stars

12/18/2019

My husband and I loved this! We added creole seasoning and garlic powder, then
sat inside fridge for a couple of hours until time to cook. Sprayed it with
some olive oil before cooking . Flipped the fish half way through as well.
Turned out so crispy and delicious! Thx for the recipe!

Carrie Carrie

Rating: 5 stars

01/10/2020

Such an awesome texture...crisp on outside, flaky and not dry inside. I used
frozen and thawed & thoroughly dried cod. I made 2 small changes besides what
type of fish: I used peanut oil vs. veg oil, and I added garlic powder,
dillweed, pink himalayan sea salt, and paprika. Probably less than 1/2
teaspoon of each? Any seasoning would work with this recipe. Loved it!

David

Rating: 4 stars

01/23/2020

Did catfish fillets. Marinated them in buttermilk. Used up Panko to bread
them. Not a good thing. Watched some other people on YouTube so I felt
confident with the recipe. Love the Air Fryer. Best counter top appliance
introduction in the last 20 years.

majcroce

Rating: 5 stars

04/28/2020

My haddock filets were nicely browned and crunchy, just like fried fish, but a
lot healthier. I used seasoned panko whole wheat bread crumbs because that is
what I had on hand. Added a few spices and, viola! - the perfect “ fried”
fish. Made my own tartar sauce with low-fat mayo and relish.

JOY1952

Rating: 4 stars

04/14/2019

I added some seasonings to this. I hate to alter someone's recipe after they
were kind enough to share it, but since I didn't see any seasonings, I decided
to add some. I will make this again! I also used a different white fish.

Heidi Schmitt-Weaver

Rating: 4 stars

08/29/2019

Tasty. Lower calorie aspect is nice. Not greasy. The bottom crust wasn’t so
crusty but the top crust was perfect. I expected this. The fish was very moist
and delicious. I used Ling cod that we caught off Alaska.

phoward2007

Rating: 5 stars

07/31/2019

Love this one! I did make some substitutions and additions. Speckled Trout
instead of flounder. Didn't have avocado oil; I had some used peanut oil from
last week's fish fry. Added some creole seasoning, salt & pepper to the Panko
bread crumbs. Cut the fillets into ~3" x 4" chucks to fit better in the fryer
basket. We had my homemade tartar sauce and homemade coleslaw to go with the
crispy fillets. I will DEFINITELY do this again!

Geraldine

Rating: 5 stars

03/05/2020

It was absolutely delicious, would definitely recommend it to anyone.

Tmish

Rating: 5 stars

02/22/2020

Very easy, Very good! All I added was a little blackened seasoning to the
breadcrumbs. Will make it again.

34sdad

Rating: 5 stars

11/20/2019

Per other reviews, added Old Bay, garlic powder and smoked paprika. Made it
with bagged frozen cod. Set unpre-heated AT for 17 minutes. Perfect.

Charmad2

Rating: 5 stars

07/09/2019

I just made this turned out great...added onion ,garlic powder, and s+p

Micah Stevenson

Rating: 5 stars

05/21/2019

Probably the best fish I have ever made in my life. So juicy,crispy and
healthy.

Jennifer Korpak Bechtel

Rating: 5 stars

07/23/2019

This tastes just like breaded fried fish...only lighter without all the fat! I
used 3/4c bread crumbs with 1/4 c panko and added a dash of oregano, garlic
powder and onion powder, and the family loved it! Some recipes for air frying
don’t include cooking oil in the coating—the small amount of oil in this
really makes a world of difference. Thanks for a new favorite crunchy fish
recipe!

Susan

Rating: 4 stars

05/15/2018

I followed the cooking instructions for the air fryer exactly as written and
it came out perfect. It lacked seasonings and tasted somewhat bland. Will
definitely make this again but will add the seasonings to kick it up.

Janet Yvonne Broughton Moore

Rating: 5 stars

05/08/2019

Crispy and delicious. Made just a few changes by seasoning the fish and the
bread crumbs with a little salt, black pepper, onion and garlic powder and
paprika. Cooked up great in the air fryer.

Paul Southern

Rating: 4 stars

04/19/2020

I have actually made this recipe several times. Each time I was very pleased.

Rhonda

Rating: 5 stars

03/18/2020

Made it as written - turned out perfectly. Crispy on the outside, moist on the
inside!

Laurie C

Rating: 5 stars

03/26/2020

Excellent crispiness and flavor. I added some lemon zest to the bread crumb
mixture since we were out of lemons. It was fantastic!

Jena Bjertness

Rating: 3 stars

06/11/2018

Needs seasoning added - I added garlic powder and thyme after the first batch.
Otherwise very moist fish!

Caroline McFarlin

Rating: 5 stars

08/11/2019

My favorite way to have fried fish. I love the idea of not using a skillet
full of oil!

Catherine H

Rating: 4 stars

10/30/2019

Nice and crunchy. Used a mix of breadcrumbs and panko and Cajun seasonings. I
flipped the fish a little more than halfway through. Will definitely make
again.

Alan Struthers

Rating: 5 stars

04/23/2019

This is really good! The only drawback is that it creates a lot of dirty
dishes and requires cleaning the air frier, but I can live with that. I used
1.5 filets, about 1 pound, and cut the bread crumbs down to 2 3/4 C, but this
was still way too much. I added some seasoning to the fish before dipping it
in the egg and crumbs, specifically salt, pepper, marjoram, and ginger (just a
touch of each so as not to overpower the fish). It came out nicely cooked in
less time that specified, about 10 minutes, probably because I had thin
pieces. This is much easier than getting a frying pan to the right temperature
and trying to flip delicate fish into hot oil. Recommended.

all_feast

Rating: 5 stars

06/22/2022

This is delicious. My family loves it. I added some old bay, garlic powder and
salt and pepper, it is perfect.

Bcafferty

Rating: 5 stars

03/11/2018

Delicious and so easy!

Bette Stanford

Rating: 4 stars

03/12/2019

I need to let the cooks know how I screwed this recipe up. I used the
Louisiana cornmeal prepackaged mix, mixing it with the oil and the batter did
not cook and remained thick and powdery. Yuk! Then I tried dipping the fish
into the egg then into the cornmeal and drizzled with oil and that worked and
tasted just fine. Next time I will follow the recipe and use breadcrumbs. duh.

Jodie Barr-Irwin

Rating: 3 stars

01/21/2020

I made this tonight using plain flounder filets. Not bad, but I used to much
olive oil spray. I tasted the olive spray on every piece of fish. It was still
dry even with the evoo. Will adjust next time.

Margo

Rating: 5 stars

06/19/2019

I did make any changes except for the oil because I didn't have vegetable oil.
So I used olive oil and it came out fantastic. It was my first time having cat
fish and I really liked. I will use this recipe again!!

Mskiz

Rating: 5 stars

12/04/2018

A healthier version of "fried" fish. This was a test recipe of my new air
fryer. This is a recipe that I know I'll be making often.

debbie h

Rating: 5 stars

08/31/2020

This is excellent - I used tilapia tenderloins (a little thicker filet) and
based on other comments, added garlic, paprika, salt and pepper to the bread
crumbs. My husband said don't make it any other way from now on. So thanks for
the great recipe!

Cassiegayle46

Rating: 5 stars

12/29/2019

I've used my air fryer for fish fillets in the past with good results but this
recipe makes fish that is much crunchier and more like fish fried in oil. of
course, with oil mixed with the bread crumbs the calorie and fat content is
higher but not that much and it's definitely worth the extra calories. very
easy, too. loved it.

C H

Rating: 4 stars

08/18/2020

Great recipe! I added my own seasoning for my taste. Also, I did not cook my
fish for 12 minutes but only for 7 minutes. Otherwise my fish would have been
dry. I own the Ninja airfryer.

Alysia Tew

Rating: 5 stars

06/27/2021

I loved it! I used parmesan herb panko bread crumbs and added 1 tablespoon of
lemon pepper and sprinkled some paprika in it. I cooked at 350 for 10 minutes,
like the air fryer suggested.

Rose St Clair

Rating: 5 stars

04/03/2022

Loved it! Used egg, Italian bread crumbs, olive oil, salt and pepper, on ocean
perch. Cooked perfectly, will use this method forever! Crispy but tender
coating, fish cooked exactly right. Thanks!

JimiG

Rating: 5 stars

01/30/2021

I used perch, followed the recipe, turned out great!

Janet Rich Crider Taylor

Rating: 5 stars

04/17/2019

Out go to for the lake trout we catch. Love it!

Hapiee

Rating: 5 stars

05/06/2020

Added garlic and herb and a dash of tobacco sauce

John M. Waud

Rating: 5 stars

04/11/2019

Easy and delicious

Rebecca

Rating: 5 stars

07/23/2019

I used panko crumbs and added some salt and pepper.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

03/28/2020

As written, this is a 4. The texture of the fish is fantastic, but its a
little bit blah. I made this as written the first time, and today I added some
granulated garlic, onion powder, black pepper, and smoked paprika to the bread
crumbs...its much better, but will add some salt next time.

Margie Robinson

Rating: 5 stars

09/10/2020

I absolutely love this recipe! I can't eat deep fried foods and I have missed
fried fish so much. This was the first recipe I made in my air fryer and I was
delighted with how crispy and flavorful this was. It was even good the next
day, it didn't lose it's crispness. I used halibut instead of flounder.

Brenda

Rating: 4 stars

12/14/2018

My only problem was that I used a delicate fish and I didn’t season it enough,
therefore it was quite bland. But, I will make it again’

Billy

Rating: 4 stars

07/23/2019

The crumb fry was great, since I'm new to this, I could have used some
seasoning direction...I have access to fresh water fish and they can be bland,
especially if frozen. I did salt and pepper but that didn't seem to make much
of a difference.

tina crooke

Rating: 4 stars

05/22/2020

Very good but add more spice.

Patrice

Rating: 5 stars

02/13/2020

I just made this using White Trout my dad caught and froze for me. I cut each
filet in half to make dipping easier and seasoned my Italian style bread
crumbs with complete seasoning. It came out GREAT! I suggest using a little
spritz of cooking spray to keep the fish from sticking to the air fryer.

Praple

Rating: 5 stars

05/26/2020

This was simple but turned out great! I used only panko didn't have bread
crumbs. I added a little Old Bay to the Pablo coating.

delays57

Rating: 5 stars

05/30/2020

I added the seasoning to the batter

Jak43

Rating: 5 stars

12/19/2021

Very crisp, moist - delish. Like others - added garlic powder, thyme and sweet
Hungarian paprika. Will make again and again.

Leslie

Rating: 5 stars

07/13/2021

This was my first attempt at the air fryer after my husband's several 'not so
successful' attempts. This turned out very good, moist with a crunchy crust. I
used mahi mahi (pieces were similar size to flounder) and used panko instead
of bread crumbs that I seasoned with regular and blackened Old Bay. Also
seasoned the egg wash, per other reviewers recommendations. Cooking time was
just right. Thank you for posting and for all the helpful comments!

ArcstrimE

Rating: 5 stars

04/12/2021

I made this with cod over fried for a change, and it turned out fine. Did not
use lemon. Fine with homemade tartar sauce. But fresh lemon would had been
nice with it.

Irene Tice

Rating: 4 stars

12/24/2020

Good coating. Added old bay seasoning, garlic powder, paprika and salt and
pepper to the bread crumbs as suggested by another reviewer.

Suzanne Morrow

Rating: 4 stars

03/04/2021

The flavor was good and the coating was crunchy all around except the bottom
which was soggy and stuck to the fryer tray. I didn’t get the fish dry enough
before coating it.

Shawnte Jones

Rating: 5 stars

10/11/2020

OMG sooo good I just add to add some additional seasonings to the bread
crumbs!

Jan Colston

Rating: 4 stars

07/19/2022

Easy and delicious. May want to cook pieces longer than 12 minutes as some
filets were not cooked all the way through. Cooked mine 17-20 minutes and they
were perfect!

Karen Birckbichler

Rating: 5 stars

01/12/2020

I used Pollack and this turned out great.

Joan Timoney Ford

Rating: 5 stars

02/01/2019

I don't normally care much for fish but I wanted to make it for my husband.
Well, it was very easy to make and delicious! Thanks for this simple recipe.

Denise

Rating: 5 stars

08/28/2018

I made this.... I added garlic powder to the egg mixture. Excellent

Simpkinp

Rating: 5 stars

02/10/2018

Because I love spice I added cayenne and black papper, but the recipe as
written would be awesome if you don’t want the heat.

renee Mccormick

Rating: 4 stars

06/03/2020

loved this recipe. I used whiting instead of flounder and I seasoned my fish
with salt, pepper, onion powder, and garlic powder. came out great.

Debra Rinner

Rating: 5 stars

05/21/2018

We loved it. Will fix it again. A Family keeper

Debbie Jones

Rating: 5 stars

07/19/2020

Excellent. New air fryer, it’s a winner for this recipe alone, fluffy fish and
Crispy crust, I added cavenders to my panco bread crumbs and olive oil,
excellent! Thanks!

Rachel Holierhoek

Rating: 3 stars

05/16/2021

350 was too low. The fillets were soggy, oily and not crisped. Cooked the next
batch at 375 and they were perfect. Still not impressed. I'll likely find a
differentbrecipe nextntime

DECAR48

Rating: 4 stars

11/21/2021

This was really pretty good. Next time I will try it using creole seasoning in
the crumbs

Myron Wells

Rating: 5 stars

12/03/2019

It was so great too make the fish in the air fryer and it came out wonderful.

JeanV

Rating: 4 stars

09/05/2018

Added garlic powder n used less bread crumbs. Nice n crunchy

A Leslie

Rating: 3 stars

04/23/2019

Not what we expected. Will probably not do fish in the air fryer again.

greenday

Rating: 5 stars

05/15/2020

Crazy Easy Fish Taco!! ! I used olive oil, because I had it on hand. I ran out
of regular bread crumbs half way through (i cooked a lot of fish!) so I used
panko and I also tried gluten free bread crumbs they all worked perfectly as
you posted. I did marinate with lime juice and some herbs to make it more taco
tasting I pared it with habanero sauce OMGosh!! I used tilapia and swai fish
because that's all I had but it was tasty even to my pickiest critics thank
you for sharing! it is now my # 1 way to prepare fish

NCCOOK35

Rating: 5 stars

06/08/2020

We used cod fillets & panko bread crumbs. It turned out crispy on the outside
and moist & tender inside. Great recipe

inhouselr

Rating: 4 stars

04/16/2019

It was very easy to make and my kids loved it. It can use a little bit of salt
but otherwise, it's very good.

jouleet2000

Rating: 5 stars

01/30/2022

Love this easy quick and delicious recipe 👌👌👌

James Rosell

Rating: 5 stars

08/19/2019

Awesome

flymycrj

Rating: 5 stars

03/02/2022

This was great. I didnt think of breaded fish in the air fryer. I did add a
bit of spicy creole seasoning I made inhouse. Definitely would make this
again.

Bayla Meltzer

Rating: 5 stars

08/03/2021

Followed the recipe as written but did add herbs and seasonings to both the
egg and the bread crumbs. Cooked for only 9 minutes in my Ninja air fryer and
it was perfect, crisp on the outside and moist and flaky on the inside.

Zonny

Rating: 5 stars

01/24/2021

I was looking for something to do with the haddock I bought yesterday, this
was great! I added two teaspoons of lemon pepper and used panko since this was
what I had on hand. It was delicious! The fillets were not very thick, I did
about seven minutes in the basket of my Actifry. Next time I might mix in a
bit of Greek yogurt to the egg, give it an extra tang.

Erica

Rating: 5 stars

02/20/2021

This really was THAT good! Sliced fish into strips to fit in tacos, used panko
with some Old Bay because that's what I had, turned out light, crispy and
flavorful! Thanks for the recipe!

GiGi

Rating: 5 stars

04/15/2019

I made the fish right by the directions. I was a little leery about the
mayonnaise but oh my stars the fish was over the top. I will definitely be
making this again for my grandkids, they will love it.

Gena Latham

Rating: 5 stars

11/30/2017

I made this and it was wonderful. I'll definitely make this again. Thanks for
the recipe.

jamiebonner@hotmail.com

Rating: 4 stars

03/28/2020

As written, this is a 4. The texture of the fish is fantastic, but its a
little bit blah. I made this as written the first time, and today I added some
granulated garlic, onion powder, black pepper, and smoked paprika to the bread
crumbs...its much better, but will add some salt next time.

coinchick19064

Rating: 5 stars

10/17/2021

I substituted BBQ pork rinds in place of bread crumbs and avocado oil. The
next time I will use less oil but overall it cam out very well

bddavemci

Rating: 5 stars

04/03/2021

I wanted to try fish in my new air fryer and didn't want to ruin a good fish
so I went with the flounder and it was delicious! I used panko bread crumbs
and it turned out moist inside and crunch outside. Highly recommend!

Ms. Smith

Rating: 5 stars

12/18/2020

Made this recipe tonight adding my go-to seasonings (Seafood seasoning/creole
seasoning, garlic powder, ground black pepper, ground rosemary). It was
perfect!!!!!

Cynthia Brown

Rating: 5 stars

11/02/2020

I made this just as written and it was awesome and easy! I'll definitely use
it again!

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

##  All Reviews for Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

Servings Per Recipe: 4  
Calories: 354.1  

% Daily Value *

protein:  26.9g  54 %

carbohydrates:  22.5g  7 %

dietary fiber:  2.5g  10 %

sugars:  1.8g

fat:  17.7g  27 %

saturated fat:  3.2g  16 %

cholesterol:  106.7mg  36 %

vitamin a iu:  107.3IU  2 %

niacin equivalents:  8.8mg  68 %

vitamin b6:  0.3mg  18 %

vitamin c:  21.6mg  36 %

folate:  44.7mcg  11 %

calcium:  89mg  9 %

iron:  2mg  11 %

magnesium:  67.8mg  24 %

potassium:  414.7mg  12 %

sodium:  308.9mg  12 %

thiamin:  0.3mg  30 %

calories from fat:  159.6

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 95

Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

1 of 18 Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

all_feast

Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

2 of 18 Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

Cynthia Payton

Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

3 of 18 Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

Debbie Jones

Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

4 of 18 Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

Katrina Odstrcil Gonzales

Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

5 of 18 Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

delays57

Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

6 of 18 Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

Praple

Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

7 of 18 Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

jamiebonner@hotmail.com

Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

8 of 18 Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

ericatx

Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

9 of 18 Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

Jp4par

Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

10 of 18 Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

Patrice

Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

11 of 18 Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

Brittany Nispel

Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

12 of 18 Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

Margo Bender

Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

13 of 18 Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

Jaci Clayton

Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

14 of 18 Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

James Rosell

Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

15 of 18 Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

Jennifer Korpak Bechtel

Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

16 of 18 Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

MrsPitt10

Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

17 of 18 Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

Kia heary

Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

18 of 18 Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

Christian De La Cruz

Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

19 of 18 Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

AllrecipesPhoto

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Air-Fried Crumbed Fish to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Air-Fried Crumbed Fish

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

