https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/42814/crispy-fried-fish/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Seafood
  4. Fish
  5. Crispy Fried Fish

# Crispy Fried Fish

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.4

148 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 96 
  * 4 star values: 34 
  * 3 star values: 12 
  * 2 star values: 2 
  * 1 star values: 4 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 148 Ratings 
  * 113 Reviews 
  * 25 Photos 

Whip up a regular beer batter, and add a final spicy dry dredge to create a
truly crispy dish.

Recipe by EHIEBERT

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Crispy Fried Fish

Add Photo

Crispy Fried Fish Denise Hope My Fair Wedding

Crispy Fried Fish Chalay

Crispy Fried Fish Jeanine Jones Andrews

Crispy Fried Fish carolina carcamo de portillo

\+ 21 21 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

30 mins

cook:

15 mins

total:

45 mins

Servings:

4

Yield:

4 Servings

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

4

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 4 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1 egg 
  * 1 ½ cups beer 
  * 1 cup all-purpose flour 
  * 1 teaspoon garlic powder 
  * ½ teaspoon salt 
  * ½ teaspoon ground black pepper 
  * 1 pound cod fillets 
  * 2 cups crushed cornflake crumbs 
  * 1 teaspoon Cajun seasoning 
  * 1 quart oil for frying 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

In a medium bowl, beat together egg, beer, flour, garlic powder, salt, and
pepper. Place cod in the bowl, and thoroughly coat with the mixture.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

In a separate medium bowl, mix the cornflake crumbs and Cajun seasoning. Dip
the cod in the crumb mixture, and thoroughly coat all sides.

  * Step 3

In a large, heavy skillet or deep fryer, heat the oil to 365 degrees F (185
degrees C). Fry the fish until golden brown, and flesh is easily flaked with a
fork.

I Made It  Print

##  Editor's Note

We have determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a
retention value of 10% after cooking. The exact amount may vary depending on
cook time and temperature, ingredient density, and the specific type of oil
used.

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

634 calories; protein 28.5g; carbohydrates 69.3g; fat 24.4g; cholesterol
95.3mg; sodium 832.7mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (113)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Wilemon

Rating: 4 stars

11/27/2006

For those that had a problem with the batter falling off be sure to pat the
fish dry with paper towel first and your oil is hot enough. If you are using a
basket with your fryer do not place fish in the bottom of the basket, leave
the basket on the bottom and just drop the fish into the hot oil. Doing this
will keep the batter from coming off.

Read More

Helpful (322)

### Most helpful critical review

april

Rating: 3 stars

12/01/2006

This was okay. I didn't have cod so I used basa. I thought it was a little
bland. I didn't have any problems with the cornflakes staying on fish. If I
make this again I will make a thicker batter and and more cajun seasoning.
Also there is enough batter to make more fish.

Read More

Helpful (17)

148 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 96 
  * 4 star values: 34 
  * 3 star values: 12 
  * 2 star values: 2 
  * 1 star values: 4 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Wilemon

Rating: 4 stars

11/27/2006

For those that had a problem with the batter falling off be sure to pat the
fish dry with paper towel first and your oil is hot enough. If you are using a
basket with your fryer do not place fish in the bottom of the basket, leave
the basket on the bottom and just drop the fish into the hot oil. Doing this
will keep the batter from coming off.

Rae

Rating: 5 stars

06/16/2006

Great tasting recipe. After reading other reviews about the batter/crumbs not
sticking, I decided to leave the mixture on the fish for 1/2 an hour before
frying. It's a trick I use for frying chicken. It worked great for the fish
too. I also added more salt to the batter.

Anna Kozma

Rating: 4 stars

03/27/2004

Very good recipe, and very easy. The batter - fish - corn crumbs proportion
should be changed, though. I used the same amount of batter for 2 lbs of fish,
and still have some left (had to throw away). Next time I'll plan to cook at
least 3 lbs of fish with this batter. The corn crumbs have to be used not all
at once, but in small portions: take as many pieces of fish as you can cook at
once in a deep-frier/skillet, dip in batter and then portion of corn crumbs,
and cook; throw away the crumbs as they will be soggy and will no longer
stick; replace with another portion of crumbs for the next fish portion, and
so on. You will probably need more corn flakes then in the original recipe,
but the crumbs guarantee to stick. Also don't be shy to increase seasoning to
taste - for example, more pepper, more garlic and perhaps some cayenne pepper.

jensenly

Rating: 5 stars

10/13/2002

This was terrific! I was desperately looking for a batter to deep fry shrimp
and used this one. After pulling the shrimp from my Deep Fryer and letting
them cool for about 10 minutes - absolutely fantasic! Thanks Eldon! I am going
to post this to the shrimp category and give you credit!

sarahbrown

Rating: 5 stars

07/01/2007

super fast and tasty! i substituted bread crumbs for the cornflakes and it
still tasted excellent!

AUNTIEREE1

Rating: 5 stars

06/06/2002

Our family has been trying to get away from fired and fatty foods, but this
recipe sounded too good to pass up. Guess what? It was mahhhhh-velous! I enjoy
a good beer batter on almost anything, but the addition of cajun spices here
made for a little "kick" that was delish!

DannyBoy

Rating: 5 stars

09/08/2007

Fantastic fried fish! The best better I've made. In a hugely surprising turn
of events, this recipes works with haddock. I would have given it six stars,
but the recipe doesn't come with tartar sauce. Imagine my dismay when I went
to make some, and discovered that I had no sweet relish.

DREGINEK

Rating: 4 stars

06/30/2003

After a day of fishing, we decided to use this recipe to cook up our new
filets. VERY GOOD RECIPE! I did half the batch using the cornflakes and half
the batch using instant potato flakes. The family was tied between which batch
was better; cornflakes or potato flakes but the consensus agrees that this
recipe is one to make again! Thanks Eldon!

april

Rating: 3 stars

12/01/2006

This was okay. I didn't have cod so I used basa. I thought it was a little
bland. I didn't have any problems with the cornflakes staying on fish. If I
make this again I will make a thicker batter and and more cajun seasoning.
Also there is enough batter to make more fish.

Tammy

Rating: 5 stars

06/21/2010

This was absolutely amazing!! We have been looking for a good recipe for
frying fresh walleye and this is it! The first time we made this we did have
some problems with the cornflakes sticking but the second time making it, I
crushed the cornflakes more finely by putting about 4 C. Cornflakes into a
gallon size baggie and going over it with a rolling pin. We had no problems
with the crumbs sticking. The first time making this we used a light beer and
the 2nd time we used a higher quality beer and it did make a difference. The
batter was thicker which helped the Cornflake crumbs stick better. Also, make
sure the fish is patted dry before dipping it in the batter. This was by far
the best fried fish we have ever had!! Thanks Eldon!

ZWERG

Rating: 5 stars

03/14/2002

This is a great fish recipe - the cornflake coating is a welcome change from
traditional fish batters. Delicious!!!

Chris Diaz

Rating: 5 stars

08/24/2010

I made a half recipe of the batter using the ingredients as written. I used
peanut oil to fry the fish because of it's high smoke point. After battering
and rolling the fish filets in the seasoned corn flakes, I lightly patted the
corn flakes on the fish and let the filets rest on a wire rack for 5-10
minutes. This helps the coating stick to the fish. The end result was a very
crunchy and tasty filet of fish that never lost any of it's coating. It's a
keeper!

Carrie 'Hipes' Bearden

Rating: 5 stars

04/18/2011

This is excellent...baked in the oven at 400 and tasted like fried fish. Put
fish in batter in frig for 20 - 30 min before coating with cornflake crumbs.
Will most definitely make again.

DREGINEK

Rating: 4 stars

06/30/2003

After a day of fishing, we decided to use this recipe to cook up our new
filets. VERY GOOD RECIPE! I did half the batch using the cornflakes and half
the batch using instant potato flakes. The family was tied between which batch
was better; cornflakes or potato flakes but the consensus agrees that this
recipe is one to make again! Thanks Eldon!

Sarah Simons

Rating: 5 stars

05/04/2014

This is by far the best fried fish recipe we have ever had! I read the reviews
and decided to do what I normally do when I make "Crunchy Chicken" ... so I
patted off the fish fillets (walleye) - and then coated them with flour. When
you do this it creates a smooth surface on the fish. Then when you dip them in
the batter, do it quickly and let drip for about half a minute before coating
in the Cornflakes mixture. I fried my fish at 325 degrees with a tablespoon of
butter in the vegetable oil. The lower temp prevents smoking and burning of
the fish. Turned out crunchy, flaky, tender, and very mouth watering.
Recommend this to everyone! Delicious!

LIANNASR

Rating: 5 stars

09/03/2010

I found NOTHING wrong with this recipe. Yes, it did make a lot of batter but I
didn't mind. I did use 1.5# of fish because there are 5 of us in the family.
It was so easy! My 8yo son helped me make dinner last night and I really
didn't have to help HIM too much. He did most of the work - it's that easy.
Try it! You won't be disappointed.

sandy0604

Rating: 5 stars

09/26/2011

This is an excellent fish recipe. However If you like a more flavorful fish I
would definitely double the garlic powder, salt and cajun seasoning and finish
the off the cooked fish with a sprinkle of sea salt. Will be making again for
sure :)

jakesmomma

Rating: 5 stars

01/05/2011

This was sooooo good. My whole family loved it. Just make sure to push the
fish into the corn flakes to make them stick!

CrazyCooker

Rating: 5 stars

10/17/2010

We spent all afternoon fishing just so that we could make this recipe again.
DELICIOUS!! I wouldn't change a thing. We didn't have a problem with the
batter sticking because I completely dry off the fish before I bread them.
Will definitely make again...and again...and again...

georgia101

Rating: 4 stars

04/25/2009

Very tasty. I substituted crushed crackers for the cornflakes and the Cajun
seasoning with Old Bay. I also sprinkled some chili powder into the mix to add
to the flavor. When coating the fish, I followed some member reviews to use a
portion of the crumbs/seasoning a little at a time to coat the fish so as to
not let the mixture get soggy. When serving, I added some tabasco sauce to it
to give it a little kick. Enjoy!

Blueyes

Rating: 5 stars

02/15/2012

Love it. I used haddock for the fish, I dried it on paper towel and tossed it
in flour first. This helped keep the batter on the fish. I also used this
recipe on onion rings.

afew2go

Rating: 1 stars

08/22/2010

I did a test trial of this recipe and only cooked one piece of fish. I would
not make it again. The batter looked like mud. The fish was mushy tasting. The
breading soaks up the grease like a sponge. Advice: Make up the batter and
only fry one piece to see if you can tolerate it.

Lee

Rating: 3 stars

08/22/2010

It was good but-- I'd lighten up on the cornflakes. When I buy fish, I want to
TASTE fish; not a mouthful of crunchy batter.

tracey

Rating: 5 stars

06/26/2011

kids love it!!!Says its delicious!!!Its another recipe to keep on using....

Charlene

Rating: 5 stars

04/08/2011

I made this last night. My 23-year-old son high fived me after eating because
he thought it was so good! He's a health nut, so instead of frying the whole
batch (We probably had 3 pounds), I baked a few pieces in a 400 degree oven
until crispy brown and my oh my it was just as good on the baked pieces!! The
batter went plenty far - I didn't have to make anymore for the 3 pounds of
fish. I just had to make more crushed corn flakes.

naomiblue

Rating: 5 stars

08/24/2011

Hands down the BEST homemade fried fish I have tried. My husband and I had to
make a few key substitutions, since we were using what we had on hand.
Unfortunately, we did NOT have beer, so we had to sub milk (can't wait to try
again with beer though), and we used italian seasoned bread crumbs instead of
crushed cornflakes. My husband also added some blackened Old Bay seasoning,
which I think is the reason for the ka-POW! flavor. Additionally, we mixed the
wet and dry ingredients separately, then dipped the fish in each, sprayed with
butter spray, and dipped in the dry mixture again. You have to get the oil
pretty hot and cook it just a little longer than you think to get a good
crisp. AMAZING.

iheartbutter

Rating: 4 stars

11/12/2014

Very tasty beer batter. I omitted the cornflake dredge. Didn't have any, nor
breadcrumbs. Was looking for a simple beer batter anyway. My tip for battering
"wet" foods is to dredge them in flour first, then batter. Works very well
with getting things to stick. Overall..delicious, easy, minimal dishes and
prep.

Cloverdale

Rating: 5 stars

08/25/2010

This is some of the best fried fish I have ever prepared. Although egg and
beer are used in the batter, this is not the poofy/greasy batter that is
associated with "beer batter" fish. I used tilapia and Andy's fish breading,
just because that's what I had and it turned out great. Still added the
seasonings as listed here, minus salt. I think the keys to the success of this
dish are the Cajun seasonings and the way it is prepared. Once you get
everything set up, the process goes pretty quickly. My husband has proclaimed
that this is the way we shall fry all fish from now on! Thanks for a great
recipe.

Gail

Rating: 5 stars

08/26/2010

This was wonderful. Very crispy. I try not to fry very often, but I will use
this method for most any food I fry from now on. I did add a little more
seasoning though. I have used corn flakes before and was never very impressed.
I believe the flour in the batter helped the coating to stick.

Colleen Murtaugh

Rating: 5 stars

05/24/2011

Made this with red snapper for my daughter who loved it. Didn't have any
cornflakes on hand, used cornmeal. Patted fish dry before coating and had no
problem with batter falling off.

skhartke

Rating: 5 stars

02/18/2011

Wonderful. Used bread crumbs when corn flakes ran out, worked perfectly also.
Family loved it!

THEJACK

Rating: 5 stars

01/19/2003

Truly Extra Crispy, Great!

T. Childress

Rating: 5 stars

07/27/2006

I didn't have corn flakes, so used fine cracker crumbs and left out the Cajun
seasoning. I soaked the fish in the batter while the oil was heating. This
turned out so great for a coating, that we did some shrimp also! Fantastic!
Lots of leftover batter, it's true. However, I'll use this recipe on all my
fried seafood. I'll never use a cornmeal coating again.

GPREZ

Rating: 5 stars

04/24/2003

Very crisp and flavorful! I didn't deep fry but rather used butter-flavored
shortening in my cast iron skillet...fab fish!-My husband loved this! I will
definitely make this often.

Jennifer Demers

Rating: 5 stars

05/21/2012

Great recipe, used Salmon instead of cod and didn't have cajun seasoning so I
used Montreal Chicken Spice. Had no problem with batter but followed a lot of
others advice. Patted fish dry, then put in batter, then in cornflake mixture.
Made a new batch of cornflake mixture for each piece so it was always crispy.
Put in fridge for about 15 min before deep frying. Very very crispy and very
tasty!!

Amanda

Rating: 4 stars

06/13/2006

This recipe was not well thought out, but with a few alterations, turned out
yummy! First problem, there is enough batter for at LEAST 2lbs of fish meat.
Second, the cornflakes aren't sticking problem. Well, what I did was I had the
cornflake mixture in one bowl, batter in another, then I had a third empty
bowl. I would dip the fillet in the batter on both sides, let it drip off,
then hold the fillet in my hand, then sprinkle the corn flake mixture over the
batter-covered fillet on both sides. Your hands get a little messy, but you
save a lot of crunchy coating this way, and the fillets turned out perfect!
Soo yummy. Also, one last thing I did that helped is that I put spices in BOTH
the batter and in the breading. Although, I think the breading, too, needs a
teaspoon or two at least of salt, it was a little bland. Or you can use
whatever seasoning you want, as long as it's got that salty spice to it. Over
all, I will definitely cook this recipe again, I really liked the extra
crunchy coating. Make sure to get the corn flakes extra crummy or they won't
stick as well! Good Job.

spicycook

Rating: 5 stars

01/28/2010

I made the batter and placed the fish in the batter and placed back in the
fridge for a half an hour than cooked it and it was delicious. My husband
loved it

TRACYCOOK

Rating: 5 stars

02/24/2006

This was awesome! I didn't have corn flakes or bread crumbs, so I used 1 cup
of crushed ritz crackers and 1 cup of instant potatoe flakes...Also, was not
paying attention and dumped all of the spices in the crumb mixture (I also
added a little dry mustard as well.) Wow!!!The breading had such a nice
flavor, and I will swear by this recipe forever!!!

Richard Nongard

Rating: 5 stars

10/07/2009

Two weeks ago I made it with fresh Cod. Yummy. Tonight I made the exact same
thing, but with cube steak and had really yummy Country Fried Steak... I
needed more corn flakes both times

TERRYLYNB

Rating: 5 stars

10/02/2007

Best fried fish I've ever made. For those who have trouble with the breading
staying on, just set the fish after coating on a cookie rack for about 10 or
15 minutes and there will be no problem. Also, if the oil is not hot enough
the coating will stick to the pan. I also substituted panko bread crumbs for
the cornflakes and the fish was very cripsy!

AGGIEMOM03

Rating: 5 stars

10/10/2007

Everyone's favorite catfish at our fry for the wonderful flavor. Cornmeal
lovers preferred "Will's Spicy New Orleans Catfish Fries". We added 1 t salt
to the cracker mix, soaked the fish in the batter while our oil heated up, and
used cracker crumbs. This fish doesn't stay crispy, so eat it fresh out of the
oil!

TOMATO/TOMAHTO

Rating: 5 stars

03/26/2004

Have made this twice, and love it!, and, it's easy to prepare.

ARWILSON

Rating: 5 stars

04/29/2003

This is a really tasty breading recipe. I added a little more flour, but other
than that I wouldn't change a thing! Thanks!

snack cake

Rating: 1 stars

10/03/2010

If I could have I would have rated this a no-star. This was the biggest mess
I've ever seen. I couldn't get the corn flakes to stick to the fish no matter
what I did. Any that did stick by chance came right off when it hit the hot
oil. I'm sorry but I won't be making this again ever.

trooworld

Rating: 1 stars

06/11/2006

I don't know what happened, but this was a total disaster. The breading all
fell off while cooking in the oil.

knappsack

Rating: 5 stars

04/06/2010

this was great! i used a dark beer ( newcastle) and i used planko bread
crumbs.. deeelish! making again tonight :)

Malani

Rating: 4 stars

11/22/2011

I tweeked the recipe a little, but it was awesome, even as tacos the next day
that were a hit with the hubby's coworkers :) I subbed the cod for whiting,
added cayenne to the wet batter, and lemon pepper to the dry batter, and
subbed 1 1/2 C. plain panco bread crumbs & 1/2 C. white stone ground corn
flour for the cereal.

XMASRED

Rating: 4 stars

05/08/2003

This made a very light & crispy coating for the fish...& I plan on trying it
with other dishes, such as chicken, shrimp, or tempura-vegetables. Next time,
I plan on directly seasoning the fish itself along with having the asked-for
seasonings in the egg-mix and the crumb-dip. Thx Eldon!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

01/08/2006

My family enjoyed this recipe, very crispy!!!

Cheftel

Rating: 4 stars

06/12/2010

Was delish. Very Crispy. I used Ritz crackers instead of corn flakes.

dana

Rating: 5 stars

01/25/2010

This was excellant. Better than Cronzy's my honey said! the kids were eating
like a snack dipping into homemade tartar sauce before I could even get it on
the table. I did change the crust some using crunched crackers as I was out of
breadcrumbs. and I added steak spice to the crumbs a tbls for a little zip.
took advice on using a cup at a time so as not to get crumbs all wet while
dipping fish. and used a plate for crumbs, much better than using a bowl. will
definately be making very soon again. Oh yeah, I used BASA fillets. Really
thanks much for this recipe.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

06/04/2003

This is some of the best fish that I have had in a long long time. Don't
change a thing, you'll love it. We do alot of ifshing here in Florida and I
use this recipe with snook, redfish, sheephead, grouper, catfish and bass, it
all taste wonderful in place of the cod. THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU Eldon!

Sheila D

Rating: 4 stars

11/05/2008

great recipe even for a fish frying "newbie" like me...things were going great
(thanks to a thermometer in the oil, helping me keep a proper temp) until my
son (3 years old) decided to take a closer look and dumped over the entire
bowl of batter (where the fish was bathing in the batter) onto the waiting
floor. What I DID fry, was very very good. Oh, and pay close heed to the
review which specifies to use the corn flakes in succession, otherwise, you
end up with a bowl of mushy cornflake crumbs that won't stick to the fish!
p.s. I added just a bit (maybe a half cup) of yellow cornmeal to the batter.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

06/09/2004

Yum. Need I say more!?

SANDRA DEE

Rating: 5 stars

06/11/2003

This is wonderful! Crispy, tasty and just darn good!! Don't need to change a
thing. Thanks Eldon!

Tyanna Jewell

Rating: 2 stars

04/30/2012

Good but the cornflakes didnt want to stick. I'll try some of the suggestions
maybe next time.

Shaz

Rating: 5 stars

01/05/2008

Another 5 star recipe from my cooking comrades at allrecipes! This a.m. this
little King Mackerel was swimming in the Caribbean and tonight he was soaking
in Elden's batter. I used Carib beer and added 1/2 t cayenne and 1 t Shula's
(the best hot sauce ever!) to the wet batter. I skipped the corn flakes and
used corn meal instead. Then I made sure my oil was good and hot. Perfect! Big
hit at our house!

Emmy

Rating: 5 stars

01/08/2010

I used to have a beer batter recipe but had misplaced it, so I came on here
looking for another one. The cornflakes sounded like an interesting addition,
so I made half the fish with it and half without. I had to add a bit more
flour (maybe 1/4 - 1/2 a cup) to make the batter thick enough to stick to the
fish, but other than that I followed the recipe as written. I love it! Both my
fiance and I preferred the fish without the cornflakes, but still liked the
cornflake one. Would probably just make the beer batter without the cornflake
coating next time around though. This recipe is as good as my old one, so I
won't be adjusting it. Thanks for sharing and giving me a good beer batter
recipe again!

basg101

Rating: 5 stars

06/05/2008

Wow - this is great, my whole family loved it. I didn't change a thing. What I
would do is make less of the liquid mixture - 1 c. of beer and 3/4 c. flour
should be plenty.

jaycie

Rating: 4 stars

06/09/2006

My family enjoyed the flavor and crispiness of this recipe. No doubt that it's
an excellent taste. But I rated only 4 stars because it's a pain in the butt
to make. I'm glad I followed the advice of a previous review that mentioned
the corn flakes get gooey, so use a separate dish to coat the fillet. I had
such a gummy mess on my hands each time. I will probably try other recipes
before I go through this process again.

hockeygoddess8

Rating: 5 stars

11/13/2013

This turned out awesome. The only thing I did different is I didn't have any
cornflakes so I used panko crumbs. This was extremely crunchy and golden
brown. If your not going to use cajun make sure you use something with a
little paprika to enhance the color. Everyone including the picky eaters loved
it!!

LMARRICLE

Rating: 5 stars

10/25/2009

The best batter that I've ever had! We prepared it just as directed and it was
great. I'm not even a big fish either, but I went back for seconds. This will
be our go to recipe when it comes to fish fries from now on.

Melissa Nazareno

Rating: 4 stars

01/29/2013

Very easy! Instead of cornflakes, I used some old onion flavored potato chips.
And I opted not to use cajun seasoning. I also had the problem where the
batter didn't seem to be sticking to the fish, so we just dipped it in the
batter again after putting crumbs on it.

mandyj

Rating: 5 stars

08/08/2009

Really good flavor! Thanks so much for sharing!

JEWELS

Rating: 5 stars

03/30/2015

This is delicious!!!! We made this last night and loved it. Next time we are
going to try Progressive Italian bread crumbs to see how it turns out. We did
have a problem with the corn flakes but all in all the taste was fabulous.

miss.galvan

Rating: 5 stars

04/21/2011

Awesome!!!!

Missy

Rating: 5 stars

08/20/2007

YUMMY! I didnt have any beer on hand so I used chicken stock instead. I also
added some paprika and cayanne pepper. Its true that there is more batter then
needed...but best to have more then not enough! I ended up using more
cornflakes as well. LOVE IT!

JENNY-REDS

Rating: 5 stars

02/24/2009

Made this tonight for dinner and it was great! Served it with the dill sauce
from Hudsons Baked Tilapia w/ Dill Sauce on this site. I added a teaspoon of
Old Bay and a teaspoon of Cajun seasoning to the breading mixture.

inounvme

Rating: 3 stars

10/13/2009

More flakes are required. This was a nice and crispy coating however, it
lacked flavor. I think you should season your fish as your normally would use
the batter mix and the flakes without the salt.

YouCanCallMeSusie

Rating: 5 stars

08/04/2012

Replace the corn flakes with Panko and I assure you that you will never have a
better crispy fish coating in your life. I also use this recipe for deep
frying pickles and anything else I can get my hands on to fry with this
batter. This is such a hit with everyone!

CARMEN464

Rating: 3 stars

04/08/2009

To me this came out way too oily. I couldn't finish the fish. I give it a
three because it could have been my fault, I may have left the fish in the oil
too long, I'm not a fish expert yet. Not sure I'll try again.

Angela

Rating: 5 stars

03/26/2005

This was an excellent recipe, which made golden crisp fish. It was so juice on
the inside and crunchy on the outside. We will tell everyone about this
recipe! Thanks!!!

J J W

Rating: 3 stars

11/13/2007

An ok recipe, didn't really like the cornflakes, everything else seem to work
ok though. Had a little trouble getting them battered and dipped in dry
mixture, but on second attempt using bread crumbs instead of cornflakes, they
were much better, but still not a favortie. Don't think I'll try again.

MMS

Rating: 5 stars

11/22/2015

I made this recipe just as is and it was great. It was crispy and flavorful. I
did use Tilapia instead of Cod. Thank you so much for sharing a really good
recipe. For others, please stop changing the original recipe then give
comments.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

02/28/2004

Wonderful little recipe. Great change from just plain fish. I used this with
basa fillets.

Carol Hammond

Rating: 1 stars

07/18/2003

I was very disappointed with this recipe. The flavor was just okay, and the
cornflakes would not stick to the batter-dipped fish. Also, it needed a little
more salt and a dash of Cayenne pepper to add some zip. I’ll look for another
batter recipe.

Scott Aikens

Rating: 5 stars

10/29/2014

I followed the recipe to the letter. The result: fried fish perfection.
Popcorn-crisp exterior, steaming flaky cod on the inside. My wife claims it's
the best fried fish she's ever had. One caveat, though: I prepared more fish
than the two of us cared to eat in one sitting, and today's reheated leftovers
aren't nearly as delectable. However much you prepare, be prepared to eat all
of it.

aicorbett

Rating: 5 stars

12/31/2013

This was my first time doing a beer batter. It was amazingly simple and my
husband loved it!!! Paired well with Rosemary Fries which are also on
allrecipes.com

Alicia Rojas

Rating: 5 stars

01/09/2016

It was absolutely delicious! I modified the batter recipe a little bit by
adding additionally 1/2 teaspoon on yeast. Then, I dried the fish with paper
towels and added it to the batter. I let the fish marinate with the batter 1
hour in the fridge before frying. The oil was very high before starting the
frying process! My husband and I finished everything in less than 10 minutes

Corrine Hagstrom Mosburg

Rating: 5 stars

04/15/2009

Great flavors to this fish. The whole family enjoyed it. I used canola oil to
fry in, and followed this recipe as given.

Larry Gene

Rating: 5 stars

04/14/2009

Good job. My girls don't usually like fried fish but really enjoyed this. I
subbed saltines for the cornflakes and added cajun seasoning only to the
slurry rather than the crumbs. This one goes into the rotation.

Jerod

Rating: 5 stars

03/24/2015

Thanks for the recipe, it was delicious and quite simple. I didn't have any
corn flakes so I used Sun Chips. Ritz crackers also work great too.

Jules1369

Rating: 5 stars

11/20/2008

Very very good. Used talapia instead of cod, since that's what I had on hand.
Ran out of Cajun spice before I wanted to, but was still happy with the
results. The corn flakes made a nice and crispy coating. Yum.

GOODCOOK14

Rating: 5 stars

06/14/2008

the best thing i have ever eaten it is great tasting and my whole family
though i was the best cook ever thank you and keep those receipts coming

Savage Spritti

Rating: 4 stars

09/29/2008

Works well, a winner in my book. Just what i was looking for. I used tilapia
instead of cod.

patricia

Rating: 4 stars

03/07/2014

Nice recipe.. Crispiest batter tho' is simply .rice flour,light beer,pinch
salt & oil heated to 160c minimum to crisp up the batter..

Ccreekfam5

Rating: 2 stars

07/24/2013

This was a disaster! The coating wouldn't stick to the fish so none of the
seasoning stuck to it and it failed to cook properly. I had to add quite a bit
of seasoning to give it any taste. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.

QUASINAUGHT

Rating: 5 stars

08/28/2008

This was perfect. The best batter ever for fish. I can't wait to try it on
shrimp.

Trinity

Rating: 4 stars

03/02/2009

Very good recipe. Used fresh-caught white bass in place of cod. Really helped
cover the "gaminess" of the fish.

TSIMS001

Rating: 5 stars

04/19/2020

Based on the reviews left by others, I decided to double all of the seasonings
in the recipe. I did not have cornflake crumbs, so I substitued panko bread
crumbs. The crust didn't come out as pictured for the recipe, but it was very
good. I would make this again, with a couple of changes. I would double the
seasonings in the recipe, but keep the salt as stated in the original recipe.
I would also allow the fish to soak in the egg mixture for a bit prior to
breading. During the cooking, I did have some fish sitting in the egg mixture
while other pieces were frying. The pieces that soaked longer had a better
crust on the fish. Will be making this again!

Montica Yates

Rating: 5 stars

07/15/2018

Definitely will make again!

Ryan

Rating: 4 stars

05/07/2019

Yeah this was quite tasty. Not perfect, but very good. I would probably double
up on the spices next time.

Vic

Rating: 5 stars

07/09/2021

Nice recipe! This ones a keeper. I added large Argentinian red shrimp in
addition to the fresh caught Haddock. From the other reviewers (thank you ) I
also used Old Bay as my seasoning. I appreciate the community’s input and the
recipes. Thanks everyone!

Kirsten S.

Rating: 5 stars

06/14/2015

This was so good! Used 3 lbs of fish and didn't increase the beer batter and
it was still plenty. Everyone LOVED this fish!! Thanks for the great recipe!!

cneuse

Rating: 5 stars

08/10/2015

This was delicious! I only had catfish on hand so I used that. I didn't have
cornflakes so I used a half and half mixture of Panko bread crumbs and
cornmeal. I also took another reviewers suggestion and placed the fish in the
batter for a short period. It turned out deliciously crunchy. Even my son that
won't eat fish ate this! This is a keeper!

Camilla Brandel Quadrado

Rating: 4 stars

02/14/2017

I used bread crumbs instead of corn flakes. Other than that I followed the
recipe to the letter. It turned out very good and crispy indeed. I didn´t have
any problems with batter falling off. I only waited around 5minutes between
coating and frying, but they did feel very dry on the outside. I used a deep
fryer. But as others mentioned, it does lack salt. I´ll do it again, adding
more salt. Maybe adding more cajun too, since it was not spicy at all!

Travis R

Rating: 5 stars

08/27/2017

I doubled the recipe and added about an extra half cup of flour to thicken it
a little. Instead of adding the Cajun seasoning tho the bread crumbs I just
put it in the batter. I dried my fish and lightly floured them prior to
dunking and breading. I also followed someone else's suggestion of using the
left over batter for onion rings they were awesome too! I just cut the onions
into rings, dredged lightly in flour and then dunked them in the batter and
then straight into the oil. I used stripper and sand bass but this would be
excellent with any white fish or shrimp. I will definitely be using this
recipe again and again and again...

bakermom

Rating: 5 stars

10/22/2017

Great recipe. I didn't do the corn flakes but the batter was very good. Used
Pollack and talapia, both were equally good. will be making this again.

plisi

Rating: 3 stars

10/13/2016

Was ok, but not fantastic - I think I will leave this to the restaurants.

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Crispy Fried Fish

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Crispy Fried Fish

##  All Reviews for Crispy Fried Fish

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Crispy Fried Fish

Servings Per Recipe: 4  
Calories: 634.3  

% Daily Value *

protein:  28.5g  57 %

carbohydrates:  69.3g  22 %

dietary fiber:  1.4g  6 %

sugars:  4.6g

fat:  24.4g  38 %

saturated fat:  3.4g  17 %

cholesterol:  95.3mg  32 %

vitamin a iu:  815.4IU  16 %

niacin equivalents:  16.6mg  127 %

vitamin b6:  1.1mg  68 %

vitamin c:  9.8mg  16 %

folate:  218.4mcg  55 %

calcium:  35.1mg  4 %

iron:  15mg  83 %

magnesium:  51.3mg  18 %

potassium:  562.8mg  16 %

sodium:  832.7mg  33 %

thiamin:  0.3mg  35 %

calories from fat:  219.2

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Crispy Fried Fish

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 113

Crispy Fried Fish

1 of 25 Crispy Fried Fish

Denise Hope My Fair Wedding

Crispy Fried Fish

2 of 25 Crispy Fried Fish

Chalay

Crispy Fried Fish

3 of 25 Crispy Fried Fish

Jeanine Jones Andrews

Crispy Fried Fish

4 of 25 Crispy Fried Fish

carolina carcamo de portillo

Crispy Fried Fish

5 of 25 Crispy Fried Fish

Beverly Anderson

Crispy Fried Fish

6 of 25 Crispy Fried Fish

Ryan

Crispy Fried Fish

7 of 25 Crispy Fried Fish

Flo

Crispy Fried Fish

8 of 25 Crispy Fried Fish

D. S.

Crispy Fried Fish

9 of 25 Crispy Fried Fish

Hopie

Crispy Fried Fish

10 of 25 Crispy Fried Fish

Maria Mealy

Crispy Fried Fish

11 of 25 Crispy Fried Fish

Amy Beattie

Crispy Fried Fish

12 of 25 Crispy Fried Fish

Kacey Finn

Crispy Fried Fish

13 of 25 Crispy Fried Fish

Ashley Cofell

Crispy Fried Fish

14 of 25 Crispy Fried Fish

EricHoran

Crispy Fried Fish

15 of 25 Crispy Fried Fish

Marnie Boterman

Crispy Fried Fish

16 of 25 Crispy Fried Fish

Lbritto92

Crispy Fried Fish

17 of 25 Crispy Fried Fish

Fee Fee

Crispy Fried Fish

18 of 25 Crispy Fried Fish

YJTaiCH

Crispy Fried Fish

19 of 25 Crispy Fried Fish

STAMAR

Crispy Fried Fish

20 of 25 Crispy Fried Fish

AJaye2010

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Crispy Fried Fish to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Crispy Fried Fish

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

