https://tastesbetterfromscratch.com/restaurant-style-kung-pao-chicken/


Skip to content

Tastes Better From Scratch

Search

  * Recipes
    * All Recipes
    * Appetizers
    * Air Fryer
    * Beverages
    * Breads / Rolls
    * Breakfast / Brunch
    * Dessert
    * Holiday
    * Main Dish
    * Salads
    * Side Dishes
    * Soup
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Snacks / Misc.
  * Meal Plans
    * Preset Meal Plans
    * Weekly Meal Plans
    * Low Carb Meal Plans
    * Vegetarian Meal Plans
    * Seasonal Meal Plans
    * Saved Recipes/Create a Meal Plan
  * Log In
  * Cookbooks

Search for

Home » Main Dish

# Kung Pao Chicken

Lauren Allen

•

Last updated on July 5, 2022

Jump to Recipe Save Recipe Print Recipe Jump to Video

 __Pin

 __Share

 __Tweet

 __Email

_This **Kung Pao Chicken** _recipe includes stir-fried chicken, peanuts, and
green onion in a delicious sweet and spicy kung pao sauce, served over hot
cooked rice. It 's my copycat attempt at my favorite Chinese take-out dish!__

If you're interested in more take-out style creations from my website, try my
Mongolian Beef, General Tso's Chicken, or Sweet and Sour Chicken.

I can't say that any of my Chinese-inspired recipes are authentic, so check
out Red House Spice or China Sichuan if you're looking for really authentic
Chinese food recipes!

## Why I love this recipe:

  * **Restaurant Quality** - Kung Pao Chicken is my favorite thing to order at Chinese resturants in America, and I think this recipe is a big winner! 
  * **Adaptable** - The great part about cooking from home is adding and using ingredients you have on hand, and like! I often throw in more veggies, like zucchini, mushrooms, snow peas, carrots and baby broccoli.
  *  **The Sauces** - we've got two flavor enhancers at play here: the chicken marinade, and the sauce. Both help to give the dish a big boost of Kung Pao sauce flavor and taste. 

## How to make Kung Pao Chicken:

**Make Marinade and Sauce:** In two separate bowls, make the chicken marinade
and the sauce ingredients. Set the sauce aside.  Add the chicken to the
chicken marinade and set aside.

**Sauté Peanuts:** Add 1 tablespoon of oil to wok or frying pan and heat to
medium. Add red pepper flakes and peanuts and stir-fry until peanuts are
golden (about 2 minutes). Remove peanuts and pepper flakes to a bowl.

**Cook Chicken:** Add 1 Tablespoon of oil to the pan and bring heat to medium-
high. Use a slotted spoon to scoop half of the chicken (allowing excess
marinade to drip off) into the hot pan, in a single layer. Cook chicken for
1-2 minutes on each side, flipping only once, until golden (chicken does not
need to be completely cooked through).

**Make Stir-Fry:** Add ginger, bell peppers or other vegetables, green onion
and peanuts to the pan. Stir-fry for 2 minutes.

**Add the Sauce:** Stir, and cook for a few minutes, or until chicken is
cooked through and the sauce begin to slightly thicken.

**Serve:** Remove from heat and serve with hot cooked rice.

### Make Ahead and Freezing Instructions:

**To Make Ahead:** The kung pao sauce and marinade can be prepped ahead of
time and kept in an airtight container in the fridge. You can leave the
chicken in the marinade for up to 4 hours.

**To Freeze:** While it's best served fresh, this easy kung pao chicken can be
frozen after it's cooled. Place in a freezer safe bag or container and place
in freezer for up to 2 months. Allow to thaw completely in refrigerator before
heating to serve.

## Recipe Variations:

  * **Veggies:** Add your favorite veggies like mushrooms, broccoli, carrots, snow peas and zucchini. 
  * **Szechuan Peppers** : Add them to cook with the sauce for an extra kick, just be sure to take them out before serving or else it will be very spicy. You can leave them out if you can't find them, or if you want it more mild. 

Follow me for more great recipes

  *   *   *   *   * 

Recipe

4.89 from 100 votes

## Kung Pao Chicken

_A copycat version of my favorite take-out dish, this_ _ **Kung Pao Chicken**_
_recipe includes stir-fried chicken, peanuts, and green onion in a delicious
sweet and spicy kung pao sauce, served over hot cooked rice._

Print Pin Rate

Author Lauren Allen

Course Main Course

Cuisine Chinese

Servings 4

Calories 440

Cost 7

Prep 10 mins

Cook 25 mins

Total 35 mins

Save Recipe

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * ▢ 1 1/2 pounds boneless skinless chicken breasts , cut into small pieces
  * ▢ 3 Tablespoons olive oil
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes (or more to increase spiciness)
  * ▢ 1/2 cup dry roasted peanuts
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon freshly grated ginger
  * ▢ 2 green onions chopped
  * ▢ 1 red bell pepper , chopped
  * ▢ 6 whole dried Szechuan Peppers , optional

#### For the Marinade

  * ▢ 1 Tablespoon rice vinegar
  * ▢ 1/4 teaspoon granulated sugar
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon low-sodium soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 large egg white
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon cornstarch

#### For the Sauce:

  * ▢ 2 teaspoon cornstarch
  * ▢ 1/2 cup low-sodium chicken broth
  * ▢ 2 teaspoon chili paste with garlic (or use sriracha hot sauce mixed a little minced garlic)
  * ▢ 1/4 cup low-sodium soy sauce
  * ▢ 2 Tablespoon rice vinegar
  * ▢ 3 teaspoons granulated sugar
  * ▢ 2 teaspoon red wine vinegar
  * ▢ 2 teaspoon sesame oil
  * ▢ 3-4 cups hot cooked rice , for serving

### Instructions



  * In two separate bowls, make the chicken marinade and the sauce ingredients. Set the sauce aside. Add the chicken to the chicken marinade and set aside.

  * Add 1 tablespoon of oil to a wok or frying pan and heat to medium. Add red pepper flakes and peanuts and stir-fry until peanuts are golden (about 2 minutes). Remove peanuts and pepper flakes to a bowl.

  * Add 1 tablespoon of oil to the pan and bring heat to medium-high. Use a slotted spoon to scoop half of the chicken (allowing excess marinade to drip off) into the hot pan, in a single layer.

  * Cook chicken for 1-2 minutes on each side, flipping only once, until golden (chicken does not need to be completely cooked through). 

  * Remove chicken to the bowl with the peanuts. Repeat with cooking remaining chicken. Return peanuts and chicken to the pan. Add dried chilies, ginger, bell peppers or other vegetables and green onion. Stir-fry for 1-2 minutes.

  * Add the sauce. Stir, and cook for a few minutes, or until chicken is cooked through and the sauce begin to slightly thicken. 

  * Remove from heat and serve with hot cooked rice. 

### Notes

 **Veggies:** Add your favorite veggies like mushrooms, broccoli, carrots,
snow peas and zucchini.

**Szechuan Peppers** : Add them to cook with the sauce for an extra kick, just
be sure to take them out before serving or else it will be very spicy. You can
leave them out if you can't find them, or if you want it more mild.

**Tricks for fluffy white rice:**  
The general rule for cooking white rice is one part rice and two parts water.
However, for fluffier rice, try 1 part rice, and 1 ¾ parts water. Make sure to
let the rice sit for about five minutes after cooking.

### Nutrition

Calories: 440kcalCarbohydrates: 11gProtein: 43gFat: 25gSaturated Fat:
4gPolyunsaturated Fat: 5gMonounsaturated Fat: 14gTrans Fat: 1gCholesterol:
109mgSodium: 536mgPotassium: 889mgFiber: 3gSugar: 4gVitamin A: 1193IUVitamin
C: 41mgCalcium: 30mgIron: 2mg

Did You Make This Recipe?

Tag @TastesBetterFromScratch on Instagram with #TastesBetterFromScratch!

@TastesBetterFromScratch

Follow Me

  *   *   *   *   * 

Get recipe ideas weekly!

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Your Email Address *

Yes, please!

_*I first shared this recipe in April 2013. Updated July 2018_ and February
2022.

This post contains affiliate links. I love sharing my favorite products with
you!

Recipe adapted from Williams Sonoma Cookbook.

__Pin

 __Share

 __Tweet

 __Email

## Related Posts

### Lobster Roll

### School Lunch Ideas

### Chicken Caesar Pasta Salad

### Lox Bagel

Share Recipe

FacebookTweetPin

Original Post February 22, 2022

Updated July 5, 2022

Categories

  * Budget Friendly Meals
  * Chicken
  * Chinese
  * Main Dish

#### About The Author

Lauren Allen

Welcome! I’m Lauren, a mom of four and lover of good food. Here you’ll find
easy recipes and weeknight meal ideas made with real ingredients, with step-
by-step photos and videos.

Learn More

### Leave A Comment Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

### Comments

  1. **Deb** says:

June 24, 2022 at 9:16 am

  
This is in my dinner rotation at least once every couple weeks. I always use
the toasted sesame oil because I love the flavor. Thank you for this great
recipe!

Reply

  2. **Jan** says:

March 23, 2022 at 6:46 pm

  
I made this for dinner using chicken thighs as that’s what I had. It turned
out really well, I used up broccoli and asparagus that needed to be eaten,
sneaking loads of vegetables into my husband! I will definitely be making this
again, it’s so easy when you have all of the soy sauce, rice wine etc in the
cupboard. I much prefer making these sauces from scratch.

Reply

  3. **Julia** says:

March 23, 2022 at 11:06 am

In the recipe for the sauce, it says “1/4 cup tablespoon low sodium soy
sauce”, does this mean 1/4 cup, or 1/4 tablespoon? It’s a big difference and I
don’t want to ruin the sauce! Thanks for clarifying!

Reply

    1. **Stacy Popham** says:

March 23, 2022 at 1:10 pm

Thanks for catching that! It's 1/4 cup- we've updated the recipe too. Enjoy!!

Reply

  4. **Amy** says:

February 19, 2022 at 10:38 pm

  
This was a fantastic recipe!! My family was so happy. Thanks!

Reply

See More Comments

Learn more about our mission at TBFS!

About this website

Follow me for more great recipes

  *   *   *   *   * 

## Grilling Favorites

### The BEST Black Bean Burgers

### How to Grill Steak

### Grilled Corn on the Cob

### Easy Grilled Pizza

### Chicken Kabobs

### BBQ Chicken Tacos

More Grilling Recipes

## Popular Recipes

### Homemade Lemonade

### Burrata Salad

### Birria Tacos

### Browned Butter Chocolate Chip Cookies

Sign Up For FREE Weekly Meal Plans

Each 5-day meal plan includes a printable grocery shopping list with budget
information, to help save time and money!

Yes, I want free meal plans!

Day 1

Day 2

Day 3

Day 4

Day 5

Tastes Better From Scratch

  *   *   *   *   * 

  * Recipes
  * Meal Plans
  * About
  * Contact

As seen on

(C) 2022 Tastes Better From Scratch -- Privacy Policy and Disclosure

Now available! The TBFS Cookbook

Preorder Now!

X

Now available! The TBFS Cookbook

Preorder Now!

X

