https://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/kung-pao-chicken-51179600


Skip to main content

Open Navigation Menu

Menu

Story Saved

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Close Alert

Close

Kung Pao Chicken

  * Recipes & Menus
  * Expert Advice
  * Ingredients
  * Holidays & Events
  * My Saved Recipes

More _Chevron_

Story Saved

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Close Alert

Close

Sign In

Search

Search

  * Recipes & Menus
  * Expert Advice
  * Ingredients
  * Holidays & Events
  * Video
  * My Saved Recipes

# Kung Pao Chicken

By Diana Kuan

July 18, 2022

Save Story

save recipe

4.6

(57)

Read ReviewsTriangle

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Photo by Joseph De Leo, Food Styling by Kaitlin Wayne

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Kung pao chicken is a beloved Chinese take-out staple, thanks to its balance
of salt, sweet, tang, and heat. Cooking the dish at home allows you to adjust
the recipe to suit your pantry: Use cubed chicken thighs or breasts, swap out
the peanuts for cashews or walnuts, or use more or fewer chiles to cater to
your family’s palates. Like all stir-fries, this one comes together quickly
and is best eaten while hot, so be sure to prepare steamed white rice and any
vegetables, like stir-fried bok choy, before you heat up your wok or skillet
for this kung pao chicken recipe. And don’t forget to turn on your stove’s
exhaust fan; dried chiles can let off some smoke as they fry.

You’ll pair those hot chiles with floral, tingle-inducing Sichuan peppercorns
to create a numbing flavor sensation known as mala, a signature of Sichuan
cooking. The dish is often thought to be from the southwestern province of
China, though cookbook author Fuschia Dunlop explains that “its precise
origins are hotly contested.” One thing that’s not is that the dish is linked
to an “eminent Qing Dynasty official known as Gong Bao (literally Palace
Guardian),” who is said to have entertained with variations of this spicy
stir-fried chicken in his travels around China.

## Ingredients

4 servings

Marinade:

1 tablespoon soy sauce

2 teaspoons Chinese rice wine or dry sherry

1½ teaspoons cornstarch

1 pound boneless, skinless, chicken breasts or thighs, cut into 1-inch cubes

Sauce:

1 tablespoon Chinese black vinegar

1 teaspoon soy sauce

1 teaspoon hoisin sauce

1 teaspoon sesame oil

2 teaspoons sugar

1 teaspoon cornstarch

½ teaspoon ground Sichuan pepper

2 tablespoons peanut or vegetable oil

8 to 10 dried red chiles

3 scallions, white and green parts separated, thinly sliced

2 garlic cloves, minced

1 teaspoon minced or grated fresh ginger

¼ cup unsalted dry-roasted peanuts

### Step 1

Marinate the chicken: In a medium bowl, stir together the soy sauce, rice
wine, and cornstarch until the cornstarch is dissolved. Add the chicken and
stir gently to coat. Let stand at room temperature for 10 minutes.

### Step 2

Prepare the sauce: In another bowl, combine the black vinegar, soy sauce,
hoisin sauce, sesame oil, sugar, cornstarch, and Sichuan pepper. Stir until
the sugar and cornstarch are dissolved and set aside.

### Step 3

You may need to turn on your stove's exhaust fan, because stir-frying dried
chiles on high heat can get a little smoky. Heat a wok or large skillet over
high heat until a bead of water sizzles and evaporates on contact. Add the
peanut oil and swirl to coat the base. Add the chiles and stir-fry for about
30 seconds, or until the chiles have just begun to blacken and the oil is
slightly fragrant. Add the chicken and stir-fry until no longer pink, 2 to 3
minutes.

### Step 4

Add the scallion whites, garlic, and ginger and stir-fry for about 30 seconds.
Pour in the sauce and mix to coat the other ingredients. Stir in the peanuts
and cook for another 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer to a serving plate, sprinkle the
scallion greens on top, and serve.  
  
_**Editor 's note:**_ _This recipe was originally published in ‘The Chinese
Takeout Cookbook’ by Diana Kuan and first appeared on Epicurious in July
2013._

Reprinted with permission from _The Chinese Takeout Cookbook_ by Diana Kuan, ©
2012 Ballantine Books. Buy the full book on Amazon or Bookshop.

How would you rate Kung Pao Chicken?

Leave a Review

Tell us what you think

Reviews (57)

Back to TopTriangle

  * Made this last weekend, and it tasted amazing! Also did what other reviewers have said and double the amount of sauce in addition to adding about 1 tablespoon of oyster sauce to the mix. I cut my chicken thighs into 1/4 - 1/2 cubes since 1 inch is too big for my preference. Also cut up some bell peppers and thickly cubed an onion and added them in about 1 min after cooking the chicken. Super delicious! 

    * JG

    * New York, NY

    * 8/4/2022

  * Very tasty dish even without the chili peppers. No leftovers! I will try it again soon with Chili peppers.

    * rpanella

    * San Jose, CA

    * 4/23/2020

  * A winner. My spouse’s head and ears are all clogged up, so he asked for something spicy - I bumped up the chili peppers and Szechuan pepper, substituted a little molasses for the hoisin because I’m out, and added a chopped yellow bell pepper - we ate every bite. Definitely going into the rotation for weeknight meals.

    * Jhineugene

    * 11/24/2019

  * This is meant to be a dry chicken fish with little to no sauce. The chicken is usually dark meat is typically cut into small pieces rather than the 1" pieces called for here. There is a uniformity in Chinese cooking and 1" pieces of chicken are way out of proportion to the peanut and green onion size . Hoisin sauce is typically used in the Taiwanese and American versions of this dish but not that common in Sicchuan. That doesn't make this recipe wrong,simply a variation. A good dollop of chilli paste with garlic would add to the aforementioned blandness. My own personal preference is to fry the peppers ( a good handfull) initially in the oil at the start and then put them aside when crispy and dark and eat them with the meal. This way they stay crispy. The now spicy oil is used to shallow fry the raw peanuts which are then removed and added back at the end. I had this dish for the first time in Taiwan in 1974 and after searching for a long time finally found a recipe that matched that eye opening experience.It remains my Chinese comfort food.

    * glassdragon

    * Toronto

    * 7/10/2019

  * Great starting-point recipe. I tripled the sauce (thanks, other reviewers), let the chicken marinate for half an hour and added chopped green bell and onion. I wok'd the onion & bell first, then the green onion/ginger/garlic for a bit and removed from the pan; I find the chicken frequently overcooks while waiting for the vegetables to soften enough... Didn't have Sichuan pepper so used white pepper instead. It was tasty and easy and used standard pantry staples. One warning: I wok'd the chilis then added the chicken and by serving time the "lids" of the chilis had come off (and they're not very tasty!), so next time I'll remove the stems before cooking.

    * manhattantart

    * Manhattan Beach, California

    * 1/25/2019

  * Pretty good recipe. Caution: If you try to fry your chilies on high heat make sure you have excellent ventilation. I had to evacuate my entire house and open all the windows for a couple hours because the chili smoke. I added chopped celery and green peppers, plus some dark soy sauce for color. I also toasted my sichuan peppercorns and ground / sieved it into a pure powder. Definitely wasn't bland at all for me. Nice and spicy! I served it over some jasmine rice to make it a complete meal.

    * meemers_the_cat

    * SLC, UT

    * 7/30/2018

  * Such a delicious alternative to take-out! I made a couple substitutions: subbed balsamic for black vinegar, doubled the sauce, and used dried New Mexico chiles as that's all I could find at the store. I also added 3 whole star anise with the dried chiles per the other reviewer. While the New Mexico dried chiles were good, I ended up adding red pepper flakes to bring in a little more heat. I would highly recommend doubling the sauce (I think I'll likely triple it next time) and I agree that this is hardly 4 servings. Next time I will add some veggies as it will be a great way to round this out as a week night meal. One thing to consider for the people who said this was bland - any recipe that uses purchased sauces like soy sauce and hoisin sauce can have variability based on the brand you use. I used a low sodium soy and lower sodium hoisin and found that I needed to add a little salt to bring out the other flavors. So if it tastes underseasoned, maybe just add some salt.

    * Anonymous

    * Atlanta, GA

    * 6/14/2018

  * This dish is really underseasoned. It needs more sichuan peppercorns, star anise, chile oil etc., even my children thought is was too bland.

    * kelly7371

    * Pebble Beach, CA

    * 2/18/2018

  * My Chinese culinary experience is teaching and travel in China, as well as a thriving Chinese community where I live. We made this and it's bland; this recipe lacks the aromatics which make the original distinctive. Try adding three or four star anise, and three black cardamom [ground.] It will add little time to preparation, and these spices are widely used in Szechuan cooking.

    * xanthippos1

    * Vancouver, British Columbia

    * 4/1/2017

  * The cooking technique does not apply as I had to improvise with a casserole dish in the microwave (heresy, I know, but we're selling our house). I used half as much chicken and replaced the rest with veg. Doubled the sauce in order to serve over rice. Quick and satisfying. The sauce is delicious and easy to adjust to taste. 

    * serena72

    * a place with no good Chinese restaurants

    * 3/29/2017

  * This was really excellent! My husband and I both loved it. As a main dish, served with a bit of rice and a salad, it does not serve 4 as it would as part of a "multicourse" meal. It would serve 3 at the most or 2 people with big appetites.

    * Anonymous

    * Seattle, WA

    * 2/10/2017

  * Better than take out!!! This is one of my boyfriend's favorite recipes!! Fast and easy and so so good. I double the sauce recipe for extra sauce that is especially good when piled on a bed of rice or noodles. I have made this several times.Delicious! 

    * akraemer13

    * Fresno, CA 

    * 2/7/2017

  * Yum, yum, yum! My husband licked his plate and couldn't stop talking about how much better this was than Chinese take-out we've had. Will definitely make again. I love veggies so I added celery, carrots and red peppers.

    * travel80

    * Winnipeg, MB

    * 2/5/2017

  * now a family favorite!

    * mattvoda

    * minneapolis

    * 1/31/2017

  * A correction to my post below. After posting, I realized that this recipe has no vegetables; for years, I have been making the exact same recipe - exactly the same ingredients and amounts - except with diced carrot and diced lettuce root (or celery), which are stir fried first, for about two minutes, set aside, and then returned to the wok just before adding the sauce. We love it with the vegetables.

    * dougfoodhack

    * Las Vegas, NV

    * 1/4/2017

TagsChineseChickenStir-FryDinnerSoy SauceChile PepperSugar ConsciousDairy
FreeTree Nut FreeKosher

## See Related Recipes and Cooking Tips

  * icon

Gallery

### Our 71 Most Popular Recipes of All Time

Can you guess the most popular recipe on Epicurious?

  * icon

Gallery

### 41 Weeknight Dinners to Have in Your Back Pocket

Out of dinner ideas? We've got weeknights covered.

  * icon

Gallery

### 57 Boneless, Skinless Chicken Breast Recipes to Make for Dinner

The convenient cut can be turned into everything from fried chicken sandwiches
to spicy Thai soups.

  * icon

Gallery

### 67 One-Pot Dinners For the Nights You Just Can't Do More Dishes

Make clean-up a breeze.

  * icon

Gallery

### 53 Ways to Make Takeout at Home

Fast, fresh dinners inspired by our favorite delivery foods.

  * icon

Gallery

### Our 84 Spiciest Recipes

Can you handle the heat?

  * icon

Gallery

### Addictive Stir Fry Recipes You Can Cook Tonight

Have broccoli-and-beef stir fries caused you to lose faith in the quick, one-
pan dinner? These recipes will get you back in the game.

Chevron

Chevron

Read More

Chocolate Chip Cookies

This classic chocolate chip cookie recipe produces tender cookies with crisp,
golden edges and tons of buttery, chocolaty flavor.

By Carla Rollins

Maduros (Sweet Plantains)

Depending on their level of ripeness, plantains can be savory or sweet--for
this sweet plantains recipe, look for mostly black ones.

By Kwame Onwuachi

Puff Puff

As the name suggests, West Africa’s most popular form of fried dough is
essentially a delectable fried pillow of airy dough.

By Kwame Onwuachi

Lemon Bars

Golden sweet-tart lemon bars are like squares of sunshine. And they’re quick
to make.

By The Gourmet Test Kitchen

Easy Pasta Salad

This easy pasta salad recipe will be the hit of your next potluck.

By Kelly Janke

Fluffy Chiffon Cake

You can think of the chiffon cake as angel food cake’s even fluffier cousin.

By Elizabeth Prueitt

Homemade Wine Vinegar

This homemade vinegar recipe works with any type of wine--red, white, rosé, or
a mix if you find yourself with open bottles after a party.

By Kirsten K. Shockey

Chocolate Swiss Roll

If you’ve made a rolled cake before and had anxiety because the recipe
requires you to perform cake calisthenics, this chocolate Swiss roll recipe is
for you.

By Shilpa Uskokovic

Since 1995, Epicurious has been the ultimate food resource for the home cook,
with daily kitchen tips, fun cooking videos, and, oh yeah, over 33,000
recipes.

  * Facebook

  * Twitter

  * Pinterest

  * YouTube

  * Instagram

More from Epicurious

  * Newsletters
  * Epicurious Cookware
  * Subscription FAQs

Connect

  * Careers
  * Press Center
  * Advertising
  * Masthead
  * Contact Us

  * Site Map
  * Accessibility Help
  * Condé Nast Store
  * Condé Nast Spotlight
  * Do Not Sell My Personal Info

© 2022 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes
acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement and
Your California Privacy Rights. _Epicurious_ may earn a portion of sales from
products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate
Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced,
distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior
written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

Food Innovation Group

