http://picturetherecipe.com/recipes/chili-pork-with-peppers/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * About Me
  * Portfolio
  * Contact
  * Copyright

Picture the Recipe

Real Recipes. Real Pictures. Made Real Easy

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Appetizer Recipes
    * Soups
    * Salads
    * Main Course/ Entrées
      * Poultry- Chicken/Turkey
      * Meat
      * Seafood
      * Vegetarian
      * Rice and Pasta
    * Sides and Condiments
    * Sweets and Desserts
    * Drinks & Cocktails
    * Cuisines
      * Indian
    * Seasonal Recipes
      * Spring/ Summer
      * Autumn/Fall
      * Winter
    * Special Occasions
      * Game Day Snacks
      * Valentine's Day
      * 4th of July
      * Thanksgiving
      * Christmas
  * Videos
  * Tips 'N Tricks
  * Recipe Index
  * Life
  * Love

February 17, 2013

# Chili Pork with Peppers

My Aunt Emy made the best chili pork I knew. It's an Indo-Chinese/Asian dish
that is spicy, tangy and packed with flavor. I recently found that my mom had
jotted down her sister's recipe in one of my cookbooks and so I gave it a
whirl with ingredients I had on hand and it turned out great. I had to do a
recipe on it. So thanks Aunty Emy!

I tweaked the original recipe a little and added my very own dry rub on the
pork for more flavor. The dry rub pork just roasted was so tasty, I could have
just stopped there. But I wanted to serve it with rice so I made it with the
sauce and it just took it to another level. Boy was it good!

I do have to say though, that the recipe is meant to be spicy, hence the name
Chili Pork. But if you'd like to cut the heat a little, use less cayenne
powder and use only half a de-seeded chili pepper. You can also pick out the
star anise, before serving the dish, but my family knows not to eat it so I
just left them in.

Do let me know in the comments below if you try this recipe and like it!

##

Chili Pork with Peppers Recipe

2014-11-30 21:15:32

Serves 4

This Indo-Asian style dish is spicy, tangy and packed with flavor. It's simple
to make but delicious to eat!

Write a review

Save Recipe

Print

Prep Time

15 min

Cook Time

45 min

Prep Time

15 min

Cook Time

45 min

Ingredients

  1. 1 1/2 lb boneless pork
  2. 1 onion
  3. 1 green pepper
  4. 2 star anise
  5. 4-5 garlic cloves
  6. 1/4 inch fresh ginger
  7. 1 red pepper (fresno/serrano/jalapeno)
  8. 4 tbsp oil

For the dry rub

  1. 3 tbsp brown sugar
  2. 1 1/2 tsp cayenne powder
  3. 1/2 tsp ginger powder
  4. 1/2 tsp black pepper
  5. 1 tsp salt

For the sauce

  1. 1 tbsp black bean paste
  2. 2 tbsp soy sauce
  3. 1 tsp chili oil
  4. 3 tbsp ketchup
  5. 1 tbsp rice vinegar

Instructions

  1. – For the dry rub, start with 3 tablespoons of brown sugar. Add to it the cayenne, ginger, black pepper and salt. Then mix it all together.
  2. – Sprinkle the dry rub on all sides of the pork (I used boneless pork rib meat, but tenderloin works well too for this recipe) and rub it into the meat well.
  3. – Preheat your oven to 375F. Then heat an oven proof skillet or a regular skillet on high and add about 2 tablespoons of oil. Sear the meat on high heat to brown it on all sides, to give it some color. Then, if you were using a regular skillet (not oven-proof) transfer the pork to a greased baking sheet and pop it into the oven for 25-30 minutes. Turning the pork over once half-way through the cooking process.
  4. – While the pork is cooking, mix all the sauce ingredients (black bean paste, soy sauce, chili oil, ketchup and rice vinegar) together and stir it all well. Set it aside.
  5. – Prepare all the other ingredients for stir-frying too. Chop the onion and pepper in a large dice. Cut the ginger and garlic into thin slivers & finely slice the red chili (de-seeded for less heat).
  6. – After the pork is cooked, pull it out of the oven and let the meat rest for about 10-15 minutes. Once it has rested, slice the pork into thin slices & set it aside.
  7. – For the stir-fry, heat some oil in a wok or big skillet. Add the star anise and let it infuse the oil until it’s sizzling hot.
  8. – Add the ginger and garlic slivers and sautee them for a minute or two until they start turning a light golden.
  9. – Then add the chili peppers and onion and sautee them until the onion softens slightly.
  10. – Pour in half the sauce and mix it well until all the onion is coated in it.
  11. – Add the green peppers, pork and the remaining sauce. Saute everything on high for a couple minutes.
  12. – Garnish the dish with some fresh red chili peppers on top for some color and serve with plain steamed rice! Yummmm!

By Noreen Hiskey

Adapted from  PictureTheRecipe.com

Adapted from PictureTheRecipe.com

Picture the Recipe http://picturetherecipe.com/

Print Recipe

### Related Recipes & Posts

  * Sweet Caramelized Pork
  * Sticky Sweet and Spicy Pork Chops
  * Lemon Chicken (Chinese Style)
  * Chow Mein (Panda Express Copycat Recipe)

Filed Under: Indian, Main Course/ Entrées, Meat, Recipes Tagged With: asian
style pork, chili pork, indo-chinese recipes, manglorean chili pork, meat
recipes, picture recipes, spicy pork, step by step picture recipes, step by
step recipes, stir fry pork, stir frys

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. George says

March 6, 2014 at 8:07 am

Lovely recipe and very well presented which itself speaks with bold yummy
pictures…..

Will be trying it this week end,,,

Thx ..George

Reply

  2. Kitty Bocking says

June 11, 2014 at 1:06 pm

Great recipe. Went down well in this house.

Reply

  3. Esther says

January 14, 2015 at 3:05 pm

Hi Noreen,

So happy to have stumbled upon this recipe , its become a big hit with my
family. I loved the methodical presentation of your recipe which makes it so
much easier to put it together.

Keep up this lovely blog, looking forward to some more yummy scrummy recipes.

Thanks

Esther

Reply

  4. Catherine says

January 16, 2017 at 4:55 pm

Wow, this looks so awesome. I can't wait to make. It is one of the best
looking and sounding recipes I have seen.

Reply

  5. Anshu says

March 1, 2019 at 10:36 pm

Tried it a cple of times, for me the honey goes better than the brown
sugar…great job!

Reply

  6. Ashanthi says

April 14, 2020 at 4:16 am

Loved this . Thanks for sharing

Reply

  7. Will Clarke says

September 14, 2020 at 3:26 am

This was delicious. I would certainly make it again. I swapped around some of
the veggies for what I had on hand but it was still delicious none-the-less

Reply

### Trackbacks

  1. **Sweet Caramelized Pork | Picture the Recipe** says:

May 8, 2013 at 11:36 am

[…] other day I had made some pork with a dry rub, using the same base recipe
I use to make my Chili Pork with Peppers (see recipe here). When making the
pork however, I had some brown sugar rub leftover and so I […]

Reply

  2. **Chow Mein (Panda Express Copycat Recipe) | Picture the Recipe** says:

November 13, 2014 at 7:27 am

[…] team it with some home made Orange Chicken, Honey Sesame Chicken, Lemon
Chicken (Chinese Style) or Chili Pork with Peppers for a complete family style
Chinese take-out at home for a fraction of the price. Either way you […]

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating

Comment

Name *

Email *

Website

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### Search

Search this website

### About Me

"You eat with your eyes first" ...Hi! I'm Noreen. A huge foodie. I love to
cook, eat, read cookbooks, watch cooking shows and talk a whole lot about
food. Food to me is an endless topic. I could learn, eat and talk about food
every day of my ...

Read More

### Stalk Me (I like it!)

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

  
  
  

### Recent Posts

## Butter Chicken

Grilled chicken in a luscious tomato-based spiced ...

[Read More...]

## Vanilla-Cardamom Kulfi with Citrus Rose Syrup

A creamy frozen treat similar to ice-cream paired ...

[Read More...]

## Palak Paneer

Indian cottage cheese over a vibrant green spiced ...

[Read More...]

## Rogan Josh (Mutton/Lamb in a Kashmiri chilli pepper gravy)

Succulent pieces of Goat or Lamb braised in gravy ...

[Read More...]

### Popular Posts

### Balsamic Glazed Steak Rolls

Posted on March 18, 2013

### Spicy Firecracker Shrimp

Posted on July 22, 2012

### Game Day Snacks: Football Pizza Pockets

Posted on January 29, 2012

## Footer

### PTR

  * About Me
  * Contact

### Connect

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

### Instagram

Load More... __Follow on Instagram

### Never Miss A Recipe

Get the latest recipes straight to your inbox!

Email Address

### Copyright©2011-2020

All writing, recipes and photography is copyright © 2011-2020 by Picture The
Recipe and Noreen Hiskey unless otherwise indicated. Unauthorized use and/or
duplication of this material without express and written permission from this
site’s owner is strictly prohibited. Small excerpts (not entire recipes nor
photos) and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to
[Noreen Hiskey] and [PictureTheRecipe.com] with appropriate and specific
direction to the original content. I maintain the right to withdraw that
permission, and request my material/photos be removed from another site, for
any reason. I also reserve the right to charge a license fee for unsolicited
use of my photos.

Copyright(C) 2022 * Brunch Pro Theme by Feast Design Co.

