https://www.bigfattummy.com/2017/01/pork-chilly-fry-2/


## Big Fat Tummy

### ... for the love of food.

  * Uncategorized 

###  Mutton Badami Curry

  * Uncategorized 

###  Prawn Ball Curry

  * Seafood Recipes 

###  Crispy Fried Fresh Bombay Ducks

  * Tips, Dips, Masalas & Misc. 

###  Cleaning and Deboning Bombay Ducks

  * Seafood Recipes 

###  Vellio Kodi (Anchovy Curry)

  * Veg. Recipes 

###  Cream of Mushroom Soup

  * Pork Recipes 

###  Pork Vindaloo (Mild Version)

  * Veg. Recipes 

###  Chole Bhature

  * Seafood Recipes 

###  Prawn Cauliflower Caldinho

  * Veg. Recipes 

###  Falafel - Chickpea Fritters

  * BFT (Since 2016)
  * RECIPE INDEX
  * Latest Recipes

2nd August 2022

Search for:

Home __Pork Recipes __Pork Chilly Fry V. 2.

# Pork Chilly Fry V. 2.

__25th January 2017 __HomeCook __Pork Recipes __6

__ __ __ __ __

The recipe for Pork Chilly Fry V. 2. is a slight variation from the Goan
preparation. It turns out yum and I do not even need to invite my three kids
(hubby included) to the table. They are at it from the word go. The plates all
cleaned up in 5 minutes! My five-year-old is so much in love with this dish
that he demands for ‘ _Poke Chili Fly_ ’ even if we are dining out at a
vegetarian restaurant. (If you want to try another version, click _here_)

Serves: 4 to 5 Persons

Prep. Time: 30 Mins….

Cooking Time: 10 Mins…. (active) + 65 Mins…. (active)

_Ingredients:_

  * Boneless Pork– 750 gms..
  * Cinnamon – 2 inch stick
  * Cloves – 8
  * Peppercorns – 12
  * Turmeric Powder – ½ tsp.
  * Ginger-Garlic Paste – 1 tsp.
  * Ginger (finely chopped) ½ tbsp.
  * Garlic (finely chopped) – 2 tbsp.
  * 8 to 9 Meal Sauce – 2 tbsp.
  * Soya Sauce – 1 tsp.
  * Tamarind – a small ball soaked in 100 ml. hot water
  * Onions (sliced) – 4 medium
  * Green Chillies (cut slanted) – 3
  * Bell Peppers (green, red, yellow – cubed) – ½ each
  * A pinch of sugar
  * Sea Salt – 1 ½ tsp.
  * Oil – 2 tbsp.

_Step 1:_      Marinate the pork with the 1 ½ tsp. salt and leave it in the
refrigerator overnight.

_Step 2:_      Remove from the refrigerator, the next day. Apply ginger-garlic
paste to the meat and leave aside for 20 minutes.

_Step 3:_      Take the meat in a pan, add the cinnamon, cloves, peppercorns.
Add 1 ½ cup water. Cover and boil on low heat till tender (40 to 45 minutes)

_Step 4:_      Remove the pork from the stock and set aside. Strain and
reserve the stock.

_Step 5:_      Cut the meat into cubes or slices (as desired). Immerse the
pieces in the stock so that they do not dry out. You can leave it in the stock
for a few hours until you are ready to cook further.

_Step 6:_      Heat the oil in a pan. Add the ginger, garlic, green chillies
and sauteé for 2 to 3 minutes so that the flavours of the aromatics are
infused in the oil.

_Step 7:_      Next, throw in the onions and sauteé for 2 minutes. Drain the
pork and add to the pan. Stir well. Add 2 tbsp. of stock and the tamarind pulp
(strained). Cover and cook on low heat for 10 minutes.

_Step 8:_      Add the 8 to 9 sauce, soya sauce and the peppers. Cook covered
on low heat for a further 10 minutes.

_Step 9:_      Open the lid and cook over high heat while stirring in between,
till the sauce thickens to your liking. Season with salt if needed.

__ __ __ __ __

__

  * pork

Previous

Dessicated Coconut Cake

Next

Kingfish Tamarind Masala Rawa Fried

####  6 Comments

  1. Joaquim Cardozo

19th October 2017 at 11:27 pm

Please explain what is 8 to 9 meal sauce whether to prepare or purchase and
where is it available. Thanks in advance.

Reply

    * HomeCook

20th October 2017 at 9:53 am

8 to 9 Meal Sauce is a ready to use sauce used in steaks, stir fries, etc. You
will get it at the cold storage / Supermarkets.

Reply

  2. Sebastian Barretto

14th April 2018 at 11:17 am

I think your recipe looks good enough but as a blue blooded Goan, I don't
believe that artificial flavors should be used in Goan cooking. Stock cubes
are considered artificial flavors. The spices used should give you the right
flavors.  
This is just my opinion

Reply

    * HomeCook

15th April 2018 at 11:55 am

At the outset you must consider that you are not the only blue blooded Goan
around.

This recipe does not use stock cubes as you have mentioned but it uses sauces.
This is a restaurant style preparation. You really should read the Head Notes.

Also, if you are interested we do have a blue blooded version. It's here >>
https://www.bigfattummy.com/2017/10/pork-chilly-fry-1/

You are entitled to your opinion but please research before you comment. Thank
You and I hope you'll keep visiting. No Hard Feelings !

Reply

  3. Dominic Ferns

22nd September 2018 at 7:10 pm

What sauces can I use if 8 to 9 sauce is not available ?

Reply

    * HomeCook

22nd September 2018 at 7:47 pm

You can use the always readily available Worchestershire Sauce or if in Goa
use Bancal Sauce.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published.

Comment  

Name *  

Email *  

Website  

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

#### WANT TO HEAR FROM BFT?

Please enter your details. We will send you updates once in a while!

Name  

Email  

  

Veg. Recipes

###  Vegetable Croquette

__28th February 2018 __5

Vegetable Croquettes are a very good snack, starter or a tiffin filler for
kids. The vegetable croquette I make is so yummy that even my children who
always make a […]

Cakes & Bakes

###  Nankhatai

__1st December 2017 __4

Nankhatai is an easy to make shortbread biscuit. The ingredients for the
nankhatai need to be kneaded and not whisked. How your nankhatai turn out,
depends on how well you […]

Seafood Recipes

###  Squid Molho

__7th March 2018 __6

Molho is a sweet-tangy-spicy fish pickle. It can be stored without
refrigeration for about 2 months if topped with a layer of oil. Besides Squid
Molho, I also do one […]

Seafood Recipes

###  Red Pumpkin Prawn Verdur

__28th September 2017 __0

This is a short-cut, no-grind method to prepare the Red Pumpkin Prawn Verdur.
Ideal to make when you are short of time and do not want to scrape or grind
[…]

Cakes & Bakes

###  Dessicated Coconut Cake

__11th December 2016 __22

Long years ago, when I was in school - a teenager, I had the habit of
collecting recipes from tabloids or magazines. Information was not as easily
available as in […]

Cakes & Bakes

###  Carrot Pineapple Cake

__15th September 2020 __0

The Carrot Pineapple Cake is an easy to make cake and requires only hand
mixing. We also do not require any Baking Powder or butter for this cake. Just
some […]

Seafood Recipes

###  Batter Fried Squids

__11th March 2018 __1

Batter Fried Squids / Calamari are a popular starter served in most
restaurants in Goa. They are a perfect accompaniment to drinks and taste good
fresh and hot. The trick […]

Beverages

###  Solkadi

__17th January 2018 __4

Solkadi / Sol Kadi / Kadhi is a refreshing lightly spiced, sweet and tangy no-
cook coconut milk drink. It’s the famous drink of the Konkan region in India.
Considered a […]

Veg. Recipes

###  Tomato Rice

__21st March 2017 __0

Have leftover rice and don’t want to waste it! Keep it in the refrigerator to
make this quick and easy recipe of tomato rice the next day (you can cook […]

Cakes & Bakes

###  Hot Cross Buns

__8th April 2020 __0

Hot Cross Buns are traditionally specially baked and eaten on Maundy Thursday
or Good Friday. The Hot Cross Buns mark the end of Lent (A period of fasting
and abstinence […]

Cakes & Bakes

###  Dessicated Coconut Mango Cake Muffins

__11th June 2019 __0

The Dessicated Coconut Mango Cake Muffins are made with dessicated coconut,
semolina and mango puree. This recipe derives from the Dessicated Coconut Cake
(click here) with some modifications. I have […]

Sweets & Desserts

###  Caramel Yogurt Pudding

__26th April 2018 __7

The Caramel Yogurt Pudding is pure vegetarian. The taste of the Caramel Yogurt
Pudding is not identical but close to that of the original Custard Caramel.
The taste is a […]

Seafood Recipes

###  Butter Garlic Prawns

__10th September 2016 __4

A great starter to serve over drinks, the marriage of prawns and garlic is
timeless. You will need to keep it coming as it is going to go quick off […]

Chicken Recipes

###  Yummy Fried Chicken

__15th September 2017 __0

The yummy fried chicken is for when you want to indulge. It is full of fat and
calories. Through caution to the wind and binge – after all you only […]

Egg Recipes

###  Shakshuka

__28th June 2020 __0

Shakshuka is a popular dish in the Middle East. It is basically poached eggs
on a bed of vegetables. (There are other variations of the dish too) The ample
use […]

Sweets & Desserts

###  Steamed Mango Yogurt Pudding

__22nd May 2019 __2

Make the most of Mango Season with a Steamed Mango Yogurt Pudding. The recipe
uses a few ingredients and even lessor effort. Just follow the steps to the
dot and […]

Seafood Recipes

###  Batter Fried Squids

__11th March 2018 __1

Batter Fried Squids / Calamari are a popular starter served in most
restaurants in Goa. They are a perfect accompaniment to drinks and taste good
fresh and hot. The trick […]

Sweets & Desserts

###  Coconut Ice Snowballs

__16th December 2019 __2

The recipe for Coconut Ice Snowballs does not involve any cooking. The recipe
is actually of coconut ice (click here). It’s like the coconut ice has warped
into little round […]

Veg. Recipes

###  Cabbage Ros

__22nd March 2020 __0

Cabbage Ros is a mildly spiced coconut milk curry. It is made with cabbage
which is cut in a specific manner. It mostly eaten with rice but one can even
[…]

Cakes & Bakes

###  Eggless Chocolate Poke Cake

__4th May 2020 __0

The Eggless Chocolate Poke Cake is a fun to make cake. The Spiderman inspired
web design makes it more attractive and you could place a small Spiderman
figurine to make […]

Sweets & Desserts

###  Rose Coconut Toffee

__20th November 2017 __14

The Rose Coconut Toffee / Coconut Cordial is another great Christmas sweet to
make in a jiffy. But you don’t have to limit relishing this only at Christmas.
You can […]

Chicken Recipes

###  Chicken Nawabi

__7th April 2019 __2

Chicken is cooked in an onion, cashewnut and curd gravy to make the Chicken
Nawabi. The preparation is smooth (no whole spices or meat bones to deal with)
and can […]

Seafood Recipes

###  Hot & Tangy Mackerel Curry

__13th November 2016 __0

Mackerels lend a unique flavour to any curry. Hence, there exist many
variations of curries made with mackerels. This mackerel curry is spicy with a
nice tang that you can […]

__

###### Recent Comments

  * HomeCook on Massado / Egg Flip
  * david on Massado / Egg Flip
  * HomeCook on Goan Prawn Okra Curry
  * Neville Pinto on Goan Prawn Okra Curry
  * HomeCook on Goan Kingfish Mayonnaise Salad
  * HomeCook on Corned / Salted Beef Tongue
  * HomeCook on Goan Prawn Chow Chow
  * HomeCook on Goan Beef Cutlet

###### Recipe Categories

Recipe Categories Select Category Beef Recipes Beverages Cakes & Bakes Chicken
Recipes Egg Recipes Mutton Recipes Pork Recipes Seafood Recipes Sweets &
Desserts Tips, Dips, Masalas & Misc. Uncategorized Veg. Recipes

###### Post Calendar

January 2017 M | T | W | T | F | S | S  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
 | 1  
2| 3| 4| 5| 6| 7| 8  
9| 10| 11| 12| 13| 14| 15  
16| 17| 18| 19| 20| 21| 22  
23| 24| 25| 26| 27| 28| 29  
30| 31 |  
« Dec   Feb »

FB Page:



www.facebook.com/bftummy



FB Group:



https://www.facebook.com/groups/677195112667102



Email:



homecook@bigfatummy.com



Location:



Mumbai, India.



  * About Me
  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms of Use

Copyright © 2016 - 2021 : BIG FAT TUMMY

UA-83547547-1

