https://trulysoulfullyeats.com/weekend-special-goan-style-pork-chilli-fry/


Skip to content

#  TRULY SOULFULLY EATS

Home-cooking by Vania Cotta

Menu

  * Home
  * About me
  * Recipes
  * Contact me
  * Work with me

FOR THE MEAT-LOVER IN YOU, GOAN DELICACIES

# WEEKEND SPECIAL: GOAN-STYLE PORK CHILLI FRY

Posted by TRULY SOULFULLY EATS on June 8, 2020June 8, 2020

Weekends are always for special comforting foods. This past weekend we enjoyed
a very special comforting recipe which is inspired by a Goan pork dish called
Pork Solantulem.

Goan-style Pork Chilli Fry

Pork Solantulem is a tangy-gravy pork dish which is given its tang
predominantly by the dried kokum fruit petals added to it. It is also well
known in Goa as Pork Bindam Solam or Pork Amsol. It is one of those perfect
dishes to be eaten with some plain steamed rice or stuffed in a hot freshly
baked bread. (AT LEAST, WE ENJOY IT THAT WAY)

## FINAL WEEK OF BEING ON A LOCKDOWN

Weekends during the lockdown for me are more about using various ingredients
from my pantry and in turn making some mouth-watering and finger-licking
comforting foods. Goan food definitely has a top-most place in my list of
comfort foods. Nothing more comforting than home, ain't it?

On another random chatty note: We'll be going back to work (our full-time
jobs) on Monday, 15th June. The lockdown will be dearly missed (to be honest)
and I'm sort of nervous going back into the normal world with the pandemic
still not completely cleared out from the UK. If any of you will resume work
soon, then I would love to know how you'd prepare yourself for it‚Ä¶Some tips
would really help us..

Anyway, getting back to the recipe. We enjoyed this Goan-style pork chilli fry
the past couple of days with some steamed white rice and Goan prawn curry with
a side of some homemade brinjal pickle. It is one of my favourite comforting
food combinations.

Here are some other chilli fry recipes for you to try:

  * Spicy Prawn Chilli fry
  * Mushroom Chilli fry
  * Okra Chilli fry

## THE RECIPE:

## GOAN-STYLE PORK CHILLI FRY

Vania Cotta

This Goan-style pork chilli fry is largely inspired by the famous Pork
Solamtulem. It is a quick-fix side dish and is best served with steamed rice.

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 10 mins

Cook Time 20 mins

Marinate Time 1 hr

Total Time 1 hr 30 mins

Course Main Course, Side Dish

Cuisine Goan

Servings 4 people

### Ingredients

  

  * ¬º kg Pork with some fat cut into small long pieces or cubes
  * 4 nos White onions medium sized, thinly sliced
  * 10-12 nos Kokum petals replacement mentioned in the notes below
  * 1 tbsp Oil for frying
  * 1 cup Water to cook the meat

#### MASALA PASTE

  * 1 pod Garlic freshly crushed into a thick paste
  * 1 inch Ginger finely crushed into a thick paste
  * 10-15 nos Dried small red chillies (spicy kind) or use few Kashmiri dried red chillies
  * 2 tsp Cumin seeds
  * 1 tsp Turmeric Powder
  * ¬Ω tsp Red Chilli powder
  * ¬Ω tsp Coriander powder
  * 2 tsp Salt to taste

### Instructions



  * Prep all the ingredients and keep them ready.

  * Wash the pork and cut it into small cubes. 

  * Slice the onions and keep aside. Separate the pork fat bits out and make sure you salt them slightly. Set aside. 

  * Then start by crushing the cumin seeds and dried red chillies together. Leave it quite coarse. Keep that aside and also coarsely crush the ginger and garlic. Keep that aside too.

  * Use this along with the other whole spice powders like turmeric powder, red chilli powder and coriander powder. Add the rest of the salt too. This could be added as per preference. Make sure not to add the ginger and garlic at this point.

  * Mix the meat well with the spices and marinate for an hour or more. 

  * Next start frying the fat with a little oil. It is important to use less oil as the fat will render out oil too before it crisps up. Add the onions to this too. It will allow the onions to caramelise beautifully. 

  * Next add the coarsely ground ginger-garlic. Fry it for a few minutes and continue by adding the marinated meat. Add the kokum petals too. 

  * Add a little water and cover it up. Cook this on a medium flame until the meat cooks and the water dries out. You can also pressure cook for one whistle. Serve it hot. 

### Notes

  * I've used a little water to let the pork cook well. Make sure the end product is dry or has less gravy. 
  * If you've not got the kokum fruit petals then substitute it with a little toddy vinegar or even some tamarind for that slightly tangy note. 
  * You can add any other spice if you'd like but the main idea behind this dish is to make it spicy and tangy. 
  * You can add the freshly crushed ginger and garlic to the marinate too instead of adding it while frying. 
  * Replace the white onions with red onions if you'd like for a stronger flavour. 

Keyword goan style pork chilli fry, pork chilli fry

If you end up making this recipe-do let me know‚Ä¶ Would love some feedback‚Ä¶

## HELP THE FAMILY GROW

If you care to have a chat then join us on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and
Pinterest.

Goan-style Pork Chilli Fry

Subscribe to the blog to get these and more amazing comforting recipes
directly in your inbox‚Ä¶it's absolutely free and would really help the
community grow. Thank you!

Enter your email address

Sign Up

HAPPY COOKING!

### Share this:

  * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
  * Click to print (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Skype (Opens in new window)
  * Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
  * More
  * 

  * Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
  *   * Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
  *   * 

### Like this:

Like Loading...

### _Related_

#londonfoodie #goanfoodblog #deliciouscravingsatvaniaskitchenGoan cuisinegoan
portuguese recipesgoan-style pork chilli fryGOANFOODpork chilli fry recipepork
recipes

## Post navigation

Previous Post How to craft the perfect salad

Next Post THE PERFECTLY ROASTED LEG OF LAMB

##  One Comment Add yours

  1. Alfred Nunes says:

January 25, 2022 at 4:59 pm

Hello Vania,  
Thanks for the authentic real Goan chilli fry preparation. I was always
looking for a genuine beef chilli-fry recipe - something to remind me of my
early life spent in Goa. I now live in UK, (born in Kenya) but not had a
chilli-fry for over 50 years!! Quite often one sees a copy-cat version of Goan
recipes by people imitating Goan food - but they never live up to expectation.
I will substitute your pork meat for beef (without kokum as I am not sure I
can get it here in UK. Looking forward to to the taste.  
You are doing a great job.  
Thank you.  
Alfred Nunes

Loading...

Reply

### Go ahead! Say something nice!! üòÉ Cancel reply

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

### ALL THAT YOU NEED!

ALL THAT YOU NEED! Select Category BREAKFAST/BRUNCH COOKING BASICS Food FOOD
SERIES    #LearntoCookwithVania    #teentowndiaries cooking
#THEHOMEMADEPICKLESERIES    Cookbook Review Series FOR THE MEAT-LOVER IN YOU
FOR YOUR SWEET-TOOTH FROM THE AUTHOR, RIGHT FROM THE HEART FROM THE SEA GOAN
DELICACIES GUEST BLOGGERS KITCHEN ESSENTIALS MAINS MUNCHIES/SNACKING QUICK &
EASY THIRST-QUENCHERS VEGGIES ALL THE WAY!

### Be a part of my fam!

Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications
of new posts by email.

Email Address

Subscribe

Join 1,841 other subscribers

### Follow to know what's up!

  * Instagram
  * Twitter
  * Pinterest
  * Facebook

### Instagram

Shushhhhhhhh!!ü§´ I found the best tasty momos around. ü§≠‚ò∫Ô∏è

Just like how mama makes it‚Ä¶üê∑

How about I order some Espresso Martini and Classic fish n chips for our
brunch date together! ‚ú®

When all you can think about is food!!

If you‚Äôre Goan, you‚Äôll want this xacuti recipe right now!!

I could have this drink all day tomorrow to beat the summer heat! No questions
asked! üòÅ

The best part of having an Indian breakfast morning in London. Meet kanda
batata poha!! ü§§

@otinorestaurant is a family run authentic Portuguese food restaurant. Pedro
was so fun and someone we won‚Äôt forget. A very lively person with a huge heart
and smile.

That crackle on top though!!ü§§ü§§ü§§

### Recent Posts

  * HOW TO MAKE A RECIPE COST LESS WITHOUT REDUCING ITS QUALITY
  * Goan Prawn Curry with Okra and Raw Mango
  * Goan Coriander Chutney
  * Boozy Pear Upside-Down Cake
  * Homemade remedies to keep flu-like symptoms at bay.



##

##

Loading Comments...



Write a Comment...

Email Name Website

###

%d bloggers like this:

