https://www.lazycatkitchen.com/vegan-bao-buns-pulled-jackfruit/


JOIN MAILING LIST

SEARCH

  * RECIPES +
    * all recipes
    * baking
    * breakfast
    * drinks
    * large plates
    * pantry staples
    * salads and soups
    * small plates
    * sweets
  * SHOP

  * ABOUT
  * CONTACT

# Vegan bao buns with pulled jackfruit

REVIEW THIS RECIPE

Asian-inspiredbunscomfort foodyeast

JUMP TO RECIPE

# Vegan bao buns with pulled jackfruit

REVIEW RECIPE

JUMP TO RECIPE

Asian-inspiredbunscomfort foodyeast

My mission to veganise the foods of the world continues with Chinese vegan boa
buns with pulled jackfruit 'pork'! Have you ever tried bao buns? They are h-e-
a-v-e-n-l-y! A fluffy bun hugging a succulent, meaty filling marinated in a
fragrant salty-sweet marinade, adorned with crispy vegetables, crushed roasted
peanuts, spring onions and fresh herbs. For me, it was love at first bite (and
sight), which is funny as these were simply meant to be a means to an end.

When we lived in London and went out for dim sum, Duncan always used to order
sweet pork buns known as Cha Siu Bao. Now that we are vegan and have no dim
sum restaurants on our doorstep, he misses them a lot so I promised to
veganise them. As I was a little intimidated by their intricate pleating, I
decided to tackle easier looking fold over buns to begin with. After a few
tries and some tweaking, I've got the feel for the dough and I look forward to
making more variations. If you are an avid bread or dumpling maker, you will
have no problem making these! Give them a try, they are really satisfying to
make and even more so to eat. If you are short on time or not inclined to get
your hands floury, make a trip to an Asian supermarket or your city's
Chinatown and purchase them ready made instead.

What inspired me to try my hand at Chinese cooking was a BBC show on the
culinary delights of China we've been watching lately. I knew from the outset
that watching the show as a vegan wasn't going to be the easiest thing to do
but I really wanted to find out more about the cuisine of this fascinating
country. I was holding up fine until they cut to a scene of live frogs, fish
and turtles being sold at a food market with show presenters marvelling about
how locals are passionate about the freshness of their 'ingredients'. That bit
sent me a little over the edge, I'll admit. It just seemed so unnecessarily
cruel…Those poor animals treated as inanimate objects!

This dish contains no animal products of course. Its 'pulled pork' filling is
made from young jackfruit. I'm sure you've heard about this clever vegan
substitute as it made a massive splash in the plant-based cooking world a year
or so ago. I couldn't get it here for ages, but one of my local shops ordered
it for me recently and as soon as it arrived, I already had my heart set on
veganising these succulent fold over buns. It's crazy how pork-like this thing
is, it's amazing really. Funny how changing your lifestyle forces you to get
out of your comfort zone and search for alternatives. Suddenly you realise
that there is a whole world of cruelty-free options you would have never known
about if you never ditched meat.

If you make this recipe please tag me on Instagram using the
**#lazycatkitchen** hashtag and **@lazycatkitchen**. I love seeing your takes
on my recipes!

makes

8

PREP

60 min

COOKING

12 min

/svg>

makes

8

PREPARATION

60 min

COOKING

12 min

14 reviews

5.0

PIN

/svg>

PRINT

PIN THIS RECIPE

INGREDIENTS

BUNS (can be made 1 day ahead)

  * 300 g / 2½ cups bao flour OR all purpose flour
  * 2 tsp instant active yeast
  * 1½ tbsp / 20 ml vegetable oil
  * 1 tsp fine sea salt
  * 2 tsp sugar (optional)

FILLING

  * 560 g / 20 oz tin of green / young jackfruit (this is the brand I used)
  * 2 small spring onions, sliced
  * 4 tsp grated ginger
  * 3 garlic cloves, finely chopped
  * 3-4 tsp tamari / soy sauce, adjust to taste
  * 1 tbsp rice vinegar
  * 2 tbsp hoisin sauce (plus extra to serve)
  * 2 tsp brown sugar or maple syrup
  * 2 tbsp vegetable oil, for frying (I used peanut oil)
  * 1 heaped tsp Chinese five spice

OTHER CONDIMENTS

  * sliced fresh chilli or chilli sauce
  * ½ English cucumber, cut into matchsticks
  * ½ daikon or 1 turnip, cut into matchsticks
  * red cabbage, shredded finely
  * roasted (unsalted) peanuts, crushed or chopped
  * spring onion, sliced finely
  * fresh coriander

METHOD

BUNS

  1. In a mixing bowl, combine flour, instant yeast, sugar and salt. Add about 120 ml / ½ cup of warm (that's important) water and 1½ tbsp of oil. Once combined roughly with a wooden spoon, start combining the dough with your hands. It will need a bit more water but it is very important to add the water in gradually, tablespoon by tablespoon. In my experience it takes another 2-3 tablespoons of water to achieve a dough that is not too dry or not too sticky. Knead it for 10 minutes with your hands until elastic and smooth. Form the dough into a ball and rub a small amount of oil on the dough's surface to prevent drying. Place in a clean bowl covered with a kitchen towel and place it somewhere warm (but not too warm, sticking it too close to a fireplace is a bad idea, for example) for 1-2 hrs or until it doubles in size.
  2. Cut two circles (if you have a two tier bamboo steamer) of baking paper to line the steamer with. Make a lot of small holes in the circles so that the steam can get through. You can use a paper puncher for this or fold each circle in half 3 times and cut small circles out along the folded edges with a pair of scissors. Prepare also eight 5 cm / 2″ squares of baking paper and insert into the buns to prevent the two halves from sticking to each other (you could also use oil instead).
  3. After the dough has doubled in size, tip it out onto a lightly floured surface and press the air our with your fingertips. Divide the dough into 8 equal pieces and form small balls. Place the balls on a lightly floured surface, cover with a kitchen towel and leave for another 30 min.
  4. Using a rolling pin, roll the balls out into ½ cm / ¼" thick oval shapes. Fold each shape in half and insert a square of baking paper between the two halves. Alternatively you could also oil the buns before folding in half.
  5. Line your bamboo steamer with paper circles you've made earlier and place folded up buns inside for another 30 min of proving. If your steamer is too small (like mine), place four buns inside (two on each tier) and rest the remaining four on a baking paper lined and lightly dusted tray until you are ready to steam.
  6. Half fill a pot (which the steamer can comfortably sit on, of course) with water and place the steamer with the buns on top. Whack the heat to medium-high (I used setting 4 out of 6) and let the water come to a simmer - don't be tempted to peak inside or you will ruin the buns. Once you can hear the water simmering vigorously, put the timer on to 10 mins. After the time is up, take the pot and steamer off the heat and rest the buns for another 5 minutes. This will spare the buns temperature shock and will prevent them from shrinking. After 5 minutes, lift the lid off and remove the buns gently. Cook the remaining four like you did the first four.

FILLING

  1. Open the can of jackfruit and drain it. Cut the firm, pointy ends off each triangular piece of jackfruit (you can still use them if you wish) and squash each piece of jackfruit gently so that it separates into individual strands and soaks up more of the cooking sauce. Set aside.
  2. Heat up 2 tbsp of oil in a medium size pan. Fry spring onions until softened. Add chopped garlic and ginger and fry gently until soft and fragrant.
  3. Mix in Chinese five spice and fry gently for one minute.
  4. Now add the remaining sauce ingredients: tamari / soy sauce, hoisin sauce, rice vinegar and sugar. Mix them around well, allow sugar to melt. Finally add in jackfruit and mix well to allow it to warm up and soak up the maximum amount of sauce.
  5. Fill each bun with pulled jackfruit, fresh veggies, herbs, chilli, crushed peanuts and some extra hoisin sauce.

NOTES

This is the bamboo steamer I used.

Bao bun making / cooking method adapted (based on my attempts) from this
recipe and that recipe.

SHARE

NUTRITIONAL INFO

calories

277

14%

sugars

4 g

4%

fats

5 g

8%

saturates

1 g

4%

proteins

5 g

11%

carbs

53 g

20%

*per bun

YOU MAY ALSO LIKE

###  Vegan char siu bao (sticky pork buns)

###  Vegan hot cross buns

###  Vegan dorayaki (Japanese pancakes)

###  Seaweed chips (baked) with miso mayo

###  Vegan pretzels with mustard dip

###  Vegan ramen with charred corn

###  Vegan pretzel buns

###  Vegan banh mi with lemongrass meatballs

SHOP RELATED PRODUCTS

###  Bamboo steamer

BUY NOW

###  Green jackfruit

BUY NOW

###  Hoisin sauce

BUY NOW

###  Maple syrup

BUY NOW

###  Tamari

BUY NOW

REVIEW or ASK a question

How would you rate this recipe?

This is a test string

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Your email address will not be published or used to send you SPAM ever!

Δ

5.0

14 reviews, 38 comments

REVIEWS & QUESTIONS

Elaine:

REPLY

6 Jun 2022

I've made this a bunch of times, always a hit! The hoisin I have is pretty
sweet so I omit the sugar in the jackfruit.

Ania:

REPLY

7 Jun 2022

Thanks, Elaine! I'm delighted that you enjoyed it and really appreciate you
taking the time to review, thank you! x Ania

Emma:

REPLY

13 Mar 2022

I’ve made these a few times now and they always come out perfect! Best bao bun
recipe I’ve tried - thanks so much for sharing!

Ania:

REPLY

21 Mar 2022

Aw, thanks Emma! So nice of you to say so! I'm delighted to hear that you
enjoyed these so much and I really appreciate you taking the time to review -
thank you. x Ania

Julia Jewels:

REPLY

4 Feb 2022

Absolutely loved this recipe! Made it for my guests last night and it was a
total hit. Highly recommend <3

Ania:

REPLY

4 Feb 2022

Yay, aw, thank you so much, Julia! I am so happy to hear that and thank you
for taking the time to leave this review, I really appreciate it - it helps
this recipe be seen. x Ania

Eva Lawson:

REPLY

9 Jan 2022

I just made these and they where so delicious! I was a bit worried about
steaming the actual buns because i don’t have a bamboo steamer, but i used a
regular steamer pot and covered the lid with a tea towel. They turned out
perfect! Super fluffy

Ania:

REPLY

9 Jan 2022

Thank you, Eva! I'm so happy to hear that they came out well. And thanks for
letting me know, much appreciated. x Ania

Jennifer Jennings:

REPLY

21 May 2021

These look really good! I typically don't use any oil in cooking, but we have
been wanting to make something like this. Do you think this could be made
without the oil? Would I need to try subbing something else in place of oil?  
Thank you for giving clear instructions, I will need it, as I have never made
anything like this before.  
Great blog!

Ania:

REPLY

21 May 2021

Hi Jennifer,  
I have not made the actual buns without the oil so I cannot be 100% sure - it
certainly does add some elasticity but I don't think they will fail without
it. I often make dumplings without oil and they work well. As for the filling,
you could sauté the aromatics/jackfruit in veggie broth - I'm sure you have
that down pat if you are well versed in oil-free cooking. Good luck! Ania

Vicky Law:

REPLY

8 Apr 2021

We've just made these Buns today. We live in Yorkshire UK . They were
completely divine. Perfect detailed instructions and fun to make. Thankyou so
much.

Ania:

REPLY

9 Apr 2021

Thank you, Vicky! I'm delighted to hear that you enjoyed them! x Ania

Aoife:

REPLY

17 Feb 2021

Our friend recommended this to us for Veganuary, we made it and LOVED it! Such
a good combination of flavours and the textures of all the side dishes make
the whole thing come together so nicely! Have since made the pulled hoisin
jackfruit filling as a topping for savoury pancakes for Pancake Tuesday!
Delicious! Will defo be making again! Thanks :)  
Love from @_send_fudes in Dublin 💚

Ania:

REPLY

17 Feb 2021

Than you so much for your kind words, Aoife! I'm delighted to hear that you
enjoyed it and plan to make again. x Ania

Elisa:

REPLY

29 Jan 2021

Thanks for sharing! And for measuring in metric xD  
I just did and it worked out all right (using plain all-purpose flour), even
tho I didn't really let it proof for the second time (I forgot to set a timer
on the first fermentation and ran out of it to make lunch hahaha). I also
kneaded it in a mixer (bread hook on), 10/10 recommend. Oooo and in order to
roll the dough nice and evenly, I placed two bamboo pickers (the long ones
used in bbq) and rolled the pin until reaching those :)  
Well, as for the filling I couldn't really get to the essencen of the spices
due to the lack of them on any asian store nearby - so I ordered it online
from another state. And used fresh jackfruit.

Ania:

REPLY

30 Jan 2021

Thanks for your kind words, Elisa! I'm so happy the buns were a success and
the filling can always be improvised. Love the use of a mixer (sadly I don't
own one YET) and I like your rolling tip - must try it myself next time! x
Ania

Reggie B:

REPLY

26 Jan 2021

Looking forward to eating these, but I'm only at the third proving stage. At
the top it says, "Prep 60 mins, Cooking 12 mins" yet there's over 2 hours of
proving to be done. Soooo hungry!!!!

Ania:

REPLY

26 Jan 2021

Hi Reggie,  
I'm sorry, but it is somewhat customary that inactive / waiting time isn't
included in recipes so that's the convention I went with. I hope they will be
worth the wait. Ania

Nadia:

REPLY

19 Dec 2020

Hello! I am making these tomorrow and I’m wondering if they can be filled
ahead of time, or if they are best served straight away? We have to travel and
I don’t want them going soggy.

Ania:

REPLY

19 Dec 2020

Hi Nadia,  
I would not recommend as, like you are said, they may end up a bit too soggy.
Filling them before consumption is probably best if possible. Good luck and I
hope they will go down well. x Ania

Maria Tsiarta:

REPLY

28 Nov 2020

The buns came out perfectly! Thank you!

Ania:

REPLY

29 Nov 2020

Thank you, Maria! I'm delighted to hear that you enjoyed them! Ania

Phoebe:

REPLY

3 Nov 2020

These are now a firm favourite!! We absolutely loveeeee this recipe it’s just
genius - thank you!

Ania:

REPLY

3 Nov 2020

Thanks so much, Phoebe! That's so nice to hear! Ania

Chandni:

REPLY

21 Jul 2020

This was delicious ! I made it yesterday and my family really enjoyed them. I
ended up using 1.5x the recipe for the buns and it made 12 medium-large sizes
buns. The jackfruit recipe was great- I didn't have Chinese 5 spice but ground
up the spices for it except star anise, which I did not have. The instructions
for steaming the buns was clear and great- they turned out perfectly.
Definitely a fun meal! I ended up using some general tso's sauce that I had to
put on top to make this a bit saucier. I topped the jackfruit with ribboned
carrots, sliced cucumbers, purple cabbage, and crushed peanuts. I would
definitely make this again!

Ania:

REPLY

21 Jul 2020

Thanks for your lovely feedback, Chandni! I'm delighted to hear that you
enjoyed it. Ania

Emeli:

REPLY

13 Jul 2020

Hi! Thank you so much for this lovely recipe! I don’t have rice vinegar at
home but I do have sugar cane vinegar. Will it be okay as a substitute?

Ania:

REPLY

13 Jul 2020

Hi Emeli,  
My pleasure, I hope you'll enjoy it. TBH, I have never heard of sugar cane
vinegar so I'm not sure but as long as it tastes sour and doesn't have a
detracting taste, it should work fine. Perhaps add it in gradually though as
it may be more potent than rice vinegar. Hope that helps! Ania

Tara:

REPLY

22 Aug 2019

I just found your site today. I was looking for vegan meals, hoping to find
good ones that would help me eat less meat. Your recipes look so good. I can't
wait to give some a try!

Ania:

REPLY

22 Aug 2019

Thanks Tara, that's lovely to hear! I hope you will like them! Ania

Sally:

REPLY

17 Aug 2018

Wishing, hoping and crossing every appendage for the perfect housing outcome..
surely one of life's most stressful situations. Remember to breathe!😉

Ania:

REPLY

17 Aug 2018

hahahahha, you made me laugh out loud, Sally, with your appendages ;) Thank
you, the estate agent tells us we have a lot of competition so we are trying
not to get too attached, but it would be amazing if we get it. Ania

Ben:

REPLY

22 Mar 2018

Just a note for those who wanted to pre-make these (as I did). Follow the
instructions, steam the buns and then freeze them. Then you can bring them out
later, re-steam and fill. We tried them both fresh and frozen; both were
delicious!

Ania:

REPLY

22 Mar 2018

Thanks for your help, Ben! I'm super glad you enjoyed these! :) Ania

Trena Danbrook:

REPLY

15 Nov 2017

Omg, these bao buns look amazing!!! everything can be veganized!!! I love it!!
Thank you for your inspiring me!!!!

Ania:

REPLY

15 Nov 2017

Thank you for you kind words, Trena! That's soooo lovely to hear!! Ania

ebonee:

REPLY

19 Oct 2017

can i make the buns without a steamer?

Ania:

REPLY

19 Oct 2017

Hi,  
You could come up with an improvised steamer (placing a metal colander with a
lid) over a pot of boiling water, but they do need to be steamed as far as I
know. Hope that helps! Ania

Nichola:

REPLY

18 Sep 2017

Hi! These look really good, can't wait to give them a go! If making the night
before, is it best to cook them and then refrigerate? Or do you stop before
the cooking stage and store somehow until ready to steam? Thanks!

Ania:

REPLY

18 Sep 2017

Hi Nichola,  
I've never tried making them in advance so it's only an educated guess. I
would say that if you make them a day ahead and place in the fridge after
proving stage, they will continue proving (although at a slower rate) and they
MAY overproof - resulting in yeasty and sticky dough. A safer bet would be to
cook them completely the day before and then just reheat gently in the steamer
on the day. Hope that helps! Ania

Nichola:

REPLY

19 Sep 2017

That's great, thanks so much for your response! Can't wait to try them this
week!

Crystal:

REPLY

19 Jul 2017

Hi there, the buns look great. Just a quick question...have you tried this
with wholewheat flour?

Ania:

REPLY

19 Jul 2017

Hi Crystal,  
No, I haven't tried, I'm afraid, but my suspicion (based on other experiments)
is that they will be much less delicate and more beady. My advice would be to
sub only 50% of flour to begin with. Ania

Crystal:

REPLY

19 Jul 2017

Thanks Ania. Will give it a try. Fingers crossed!

Lori:

REPLY

4 Jul 2017

Nominated you in Saveur Blog Awards 17. Hope you get the nod! Your recipes are
fantastic.

Ania:

REPLY

4 Jul 2017

Aw, thanks sooo much, Lori! That's lovely to hear! Thank you for supporting
our little corner of the Internet :) Ania

Larry:

REPLY

16 May 2017

Hi,  
I love your blog! I was wondering how long the bao dough would keep and if it
would be possible to freeze it.  
Many thanks,  
Larry

Ania:

REPLY

17 May 2017

Hi Larry,  
Thanks so much for kind words. As for the dough, I don't know as I haven't
tried either. Each time, I made my buns on the same day. Sorry I couldn't be
of any help here. Ania

Sarah | Well and Full:

REPLY

4 Mar 2017

These buns look so ridiculously fluffy and delicious!! Very nice!! :)

Ania:

REPLY

4 Mar 2017

Thanks Sarah, that's lovely to hear! x

Krista:

REPLY

3 Mar 2017

Hi Ania  
I have been following you for a while now and enjoying your blog immensely!!!
EVERYTHING I make from your recipes turn out perfectly 😍  
My friends (you know those omnivorous - vegan sceptic types) cannot believe
the food I now create and thanks to you I pull off a mean dinner party.  
These buns look awesome and I cannot wait to try making them.  
Keep up the amazing creativity..  
Krista xx  
(Sydney, Australia)

Ania:

REPLY

3 Mar 2017

Hi Krista,  
Thanks so much for your kind words. You really made my day! I know exactly
what you mean - it's most satisfying when omnivores love your food and they
cannot even guess that it's vegan! Hope you'll try these buns, they are really
not that difficult to make although take a bit of time. Thank you for
following along! Greetings from sunny Greece! x Ania

DON'T MISS A SINGLE RECIPE

Join our mailing list and we we will let you know when we publish a new
recipe. You'll receive our **DELIGHTFUL DESSERTS E-BOOK** as a thank you for
supporting us.

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

CONFIRM

TOP

FOLLOW US:

Instagram 216K

216K

Pinterest 88K

88K

Facebook 141K

141K

FOLLOW:

216K

88K

141K

I dedicate this #veganrecipe to those of you who a

Some days all your body craves is a satisfying #pl

I was hoping to share these with you on Sunday but

My new recipe is a tad delayed as I'm a bit under

Hands up who knows what a #cherryripe bar is? My A

If you are after a simple yet utterly delicious an

This is NOT a dress rehearsal, summer is well and

Raspberries are one of my favorite summer things s

Are you #heatwave ready? Finally, we have a proper

Are you ever in a mood for #pizza but don't have t

Copyright © 2022 Lazy Cat Kitchen · Privacy Policy

DON'T MISS A SINGLE RECIPE

Join our mailing list and we we will let you know when we publish a new
recipe. You'll receive our **DELIGHTFUL DESSERTS E-BOOK** as a thank you for
supporting us.

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

CONFIRM

×

Type what you are looking for above and press ENTER.

  * RECIPES +
    * all recipes
    * baking
    * breakfast
    * drinks
    * large plates
    * pantry staples
    * salads and soups
    * small plates
    * sweets
  * SHOP

  * ABOUT
  * CONTACT

