https://theclassybaker.com/fluffy-steamed-bao-buns/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

The Classy Baker

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * About
  * Contact
  * Search

menu icon

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * About
  * Contact

*   * Email
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * About
  * Contact

*   * Email
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

×

Home » Recipes

# Vegan Bao Buns

Published: Jul 25, 2020 · Modified: Aug 16, 2021 by Lara ·

Jump to Recipe \- Print Recipe

_These from-scratch **vegan bao buns** are steamed to fluffy perfection and
filled with homemade vegetable filling in teriyaki sauce._

With bao buns becoming ever so popular in restaurants as sharing platters and
nibbles, making them at home is tempting and actually really simple! These
Vegan Bao Buns are homemade from scratch and steamed until perfectly fluffy.
They're filled with vegetables sauteed in homemade teriyaki sauce for the
perfect vegan weeknight dinner. These fluffy bao buns are also perfect for
entertaining guests, as finger food, or appetizers!

You don't need to worry if you don't have a fancy bamboo steamer; these super
fluffy bao buns can also be steamed in an electric steamer! This simple bao
bun recipe requires little hands-on time and a couple of hours for proofing
and only requires a handful of basic pantry ingredients.

Just fill them with any filling of your choice and you're ready to go!

Jump to:

  * What are Bao Buns?
  * Ingredients and Variations
  * How to Make Vegan Steamed Bao Buns (Step by Step)
  * How to Steam Bao Buns
  * How to Make Vegan Bao Bun Filling
  * Tips for the Perfect Fluffy Bao Buns
  * FAQs
  * You Might Also Like
  * Vegan Fluffy Steamed Bao Buns

## What are Bao Buns?

Bao (pronounced "bow") buns, and also known as "steamed buns" are a type of
semi-circular, slightly sweetened bread, which is steamed and then
traditionally filled with pork belly and vegetables. They are very well-known
for being super soft and fluffy, especially when freshly steamed.

These buns are very popular as street food in Taiwan and have gained
increasing popularity in the West. They can be filled with various types of
filling ranging from meat to poultry and vegan options. Although bao buns are
traditionally steamed in a bamboo steamer, they can also be steamed in the
electric steamer.

## Ingredients and Variations

**Flour** \- I've tried these bao buns using both AP and cake flour and both
work perfectly fine, so feel free to choose whatever is available to you.
However, avoid using bread flour as this makes the buns coarse and crumbly.

If you prefer a "whiter" bun, use bleached flour (although this should not
affect taste).

**Cornstarch** \- Also known as cornflour. You will need 1 tablespoon for this
recipe. This ingredient is what contributes to the fluffy and soft texture of
the buns.

**Yeast** \- Ideally, use instant dry yeast. If using active-dry yeast (same
amount), make sure to proof the yeast in lukewarm water before adding to the
flour.

**Baking Powder** \- You will need a small amount of baking powder which acts
as a leavining agent.

**Sugar** \- Use granulated sugar for bao buns.

**Oil** \- Use a neutral-flavor vegetable oil such as canola oil or sunflower
oil.

**Water** \- Ideally, use lukewarm water. If using active-dry yeast, remember
to proof the yeast in this water before adding the the rest of your
ingredients.

**Filling** \- You can fill these bao buns with your favourite fillings and
with whatever ingredients you have at hand, so feel free to experiment as you
please. For this recipe, I used aubergine, zucchini, and bell peppers sauteed
and cooked in homemade teriyaki sauce (using soy sauce, brown sugar, and
mirin).

Some other great non-vegan filling options include:

  * slow-cooked pork belly
  * chicken strips
  * shrimp

You can top the bao buns with fresh, raw vegetables such as carrots or
cucumber and crushed nuts (such as peanuts) or sesame seeds. The options are
endless!

## How to Make Vegan Steamed Bao Buns (Step by Step)

### Tools for Making Bao Buns

You will need the following kitchen tools:

  * Kitchen scale (measure ingredients using a kitchen scale for accuracy)
  * Measuring cup (to measure water)
  * Sieve (to sift the flour, sugar, yeast, cornstarch, and baking powder)
  * Electric mixer with the hook attachment and mixing bowl (this will save you from kneading the dough using your hands)
  * Steamer (electric or bamboo steamer)
  * Rolling pin (to roll out the dough)
  * Round dough cutter (or a large glass)
  * Pastry brush (to brush the dough)
  * Chopstick (for folding the dough into a bun)
  * Parchment paper (for steaming bao buns)

### Making the Bao Buns

Start by measuring the flour using a kitchen scale. If using active-dry yeast,
place it into a small bowl with the **lukewarm** water and rest for 5 minutes
until the mixture becomes frothy. It's very important to use lukewarm water
(which is not too hot) in order to activate the yeast. If using instant dry
yeast, you can skip this yeast-proofing step.

Place the sifted flour, baking powder, yeast, cornstarch, and sugar in the
bowl of an electric mixer fixed with the bread hook attachment. Add water and
oil and mix for 7-9 minutes on medium speed, until a smooth dough forms.

If the dough is too dry, add ½ - 1 tbsp. of water, and if its too sticky, add
1 tbsp. of flour.

Place the dough in a bowl and cover with cling film. Allow the dough to proof
in a warm place for at least 90 minutes, or until it has doubled in size.

Once the dough has doubled in size, place it on a clean surface and punch it
down. Using you hands, knead for a further 2 minutes. Using a rolling pin,
roll out the dough on a lightly floured surface until it is around 4mm (¼
inch) thick.

Use a round cookie cutter (9-11cm or 3.5 to 4.5" in diameter) or a drinking
glass to cut out dough circles (depending on size, you will have 8-10
circles).

Dip a pastry brush in some vegetable oil and lightly brush the surface of each
piece of dough, then, place a chopstick at the centre of each piece and
carefully fold the dough in half (to create a semi-circle). Pull out the
chopstick.

  *   *   * 

Place each bun onto a small piece of parchment paper, and transfer all buns
onto a baking sheet. Cover the baking sheet with a tea towel and allow the
buns to proof for another 30-45 minutes, until the buns have doubled in size.

## How to Steam Bao Buns

### Steaming Using a Bamboo Steamer

Fill a large pan or wok with some water. There should be enough water to
submerge the bottom part of your steamer, but not too much water that it
touches the food at the bottom when it bubbles.

Bring water to a slow boil. Once water is bubbling, place the buns on
parchment paper in the steamer (you may use multiple levels). Cover and steam
for 7-8 minutes, adding more water to the pan if it starts to dry out.

  *   *   * 

### Steaming Using an Electric Steamer

Place the buns with parchment paper into a heated steamer.

Steam for 8-12 minutes until the buns have puffed up and are fluffy.

## How to Make Vegan Bao Bun Filling

To make the filling, dice zucchini and aubergine and thinly slice the bell
pepper.

Heat some sesame oil in a large skillet and sautee the vegetables until cooked
through.

To make the sauce, mix equal amounts of soy sauce and mirin with some brown
sugar. Pour this over the vegetables and bring to a simmer. Cook, until some
sauce is dissolved and slightly thickened.

Voila! Simple, delicious, vegan bao bun filling with Teriyaki sauce! Top with
julienned carrots, fresh parsley leaves, and sesame seeds.

  *   *   * 

## Tips for the Perfect Fluffy Bao Buns

Here are a few tips that will help achieve the best bao buns:

  * Weigh the flour using digital kitchen scales - I can't stress how important this is.
  * Make sure to knead the dough (using a stand mixer) for at least 7 minutes.
  * Use fine all-purpose or type 00 (European version) rather than bread flour. Bread flour tends to result in a coarse bao bun whilst all-purpose flour gives a fluffier texture.
  * Use bleached flour if available. Although this is not a must, using non-bleached flour can result in a more "yellow" bun. Although this does not really affect the taste, it may visually look slightly different.
  * proof proof proof! It's really important to proof the dough for enough time to ensure fluffiness!
  * If using an electric steamer, make sure to warm the steamer before cooking. Steaming the buns in a cold steamer will leave you with non-puffed up bao buns!

## FAQs

### Can I make Bao Buns Ahead? How can I store them?

Bao buns are best served warm and freshly steamed.

However, you can make them ahead and store them in a refrigerator (with or
without filling) for 2-3 days.

If storing bao buns without filling, you can reheat these in a steamer for 1-2
minutes. If storing with filling, reheat in a microwave for 1-2 minutes.

### Can I Freeze Bao Buns?

You can freeze steamed bao buns ( **without filling** ) in a zip-lock bag for
1-2 months and then steam for 3-4 minutes or until completely warm.

## You Might Also Like

Vegan Tofu Katsu Curry

Sweet and Spicy Prawn Skewers

Print Pin

5 from 1 vote

## Vegan Fluffy Steamed Bao Buns

_These soft and fluffy steamed bao buns are simply delicious and so easy to
make! Serve with your favourite filling as a party appetizer or for a fun
dinner!_

Course Appetizer, Main Course

Cuisine Asian

Keyword bread, vegan

Prep Time 15 minutes

Cook Time 10 minutes

Resting Time 2 hours 30 minutes

Servings 8 buns

Calories 262kcal

### Ingredients

#### Vegan Steamed Bao Buns

  * 240 grams flour all-purpose (approx. 2 cups minus 1 tbsp.)
  * 1 tbsp cornstarch or cornflour
  * 1 tsp instant-dry yeast
  * 1 tsp baking powder
  * 1 tsp sugar white, granulated
  * 2  tbsp vegetable oil (e.g., canola or sunflower oil) + extra for brushing
  * 125 mL water lukewarm (½ cup)

#### Filling

  * 3 tbsp. sesame oil or vegetable oil e.g., canola/sunflower oil
  * 1 medium-sized aubergine diced
  * 1 zucchini diced
  * 1 red or orange pepper thinly sliced
  * 1 carrot julienned
  * 1 tsp. sesame seeds
  * fresh parsley

#### Teriyaki Sauce

  * 5 tbsp. soy sauce
  * 5 tbsp. mirin
  * 2 tbsp. brown sugar

### Instructions

  * Sift and place flour, instant yeast, baking powder, cornstarch, and sugar in a bowl of an electric mixer fitted with the bread hook attachment. Add the water and vegetable oil and mix for 7-10 minutes on medium speed, until a smooth dough forms. 

If the dough is too dry, add ½ - 1 tbsp. of water. If it's too sticky, add 1
tbsp. of flour.

  * Form dough into a ball and place in a glass bowl. Cover with cling film and allow the dough to proof in a warm place for at least 90 minutes, or until it doubles in size.

  * Place dough on a clean, lightly floured surface, and punch it down. Roll out the dough to 4mm (¼ inch) thickness. Use a round 9-11cm (3.5-4.5") cookie cutter or the rim of a drinking glass to cut out circles (6-10, depending on cutter size).

  * Use a pastry brush and some vegetable oil to lightly brush the surface of each dough piece. Place a chopstick at the centre of each cricle and carefully fold the dough in half (to create a semi-circle). Pull out the chopstick.

  * Place each bun onto a small piece of parchment paper, and transfer to a baking sheet (or a large flat plate). Cover the baking sheet with a tea towel and allow the buns to proof for another 30-40 minutes, until "puffed up" and doubled in size.

  *  _ **Steaming using electric steamer**_ : Place the buns with parchment paper into a heated steamer. Steam for 8-12 minutes until the buns have puffed up and fluffy.

 _ **Steaming using bamboo steamer:**_ Fill a large pan or wok with some
water. There should be enough water to submerge the bottom part of your
steamer, but not too much water that it touches the food at the bottom when it
bubbles.

Bring water to a slow boil. Once water is bubbling, place the buns on
parchment paper in the steamer (you may use multiple levels). Cover and steam
for 7-8 minutes, adding more water to the pan if it starts to dry out.

  * Transfer buns to serving plate using kitchen tongs, allow to cool slightly, then fill up with your favourite filling and serve warm! 

#### Filling

  * In a large skillet, heat sesame oil. Add diced aubergine, zucchini, and orange/red pepper and saute until cooked through.

  * In a medium-sized bowl, mix sauce ingredients. Pour in skillet with vegetables and stir to coat well. Simmer for 2-3 minutes until some liquid dissolves and sauce thickens.

  * Fill bao buns with vegetable filling and top with julienned carrots, parsley leaves, and seseame seeds.

### Nutrition

Calories: 262kcal | Carbohydrates: 39g | Protein: 6g | Fat: 10g | Saturated
Fat: 4g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 3g | Monounsaturated Fat: 3g | Sodium: 652mg |
Potassium: 325mg | Fiber: 4g | Sugar: 10g | Vitamin A: 1802IU | Vitamin C:
25mg | Calcium: 58mg | Iron: 2mg

« Honey Pecan Oatmeal Cookies

Matcha Coconut Chia Pudding [vegan] »

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. bia :)

January 24, 2022 at 11:19 am

guys, if you're making this and you're vegan, MAKE SURE that you're sugar
wasn't filtered through bone char, otherwise it won't be vegan!!

Reply

    * Lara

January 26, 2022 at 2:29 pm

Thanks for your tip Bia! I'm sure other readers will find this helpful 🙂

Reply

  2. Stevie

June 26, 2022 at 7:51 pm

  
Made these exactly to recipe, it was also my first time to make bao
buns...they were fluffy soft and delicious! Great recipe, thank you👍

Reply

    * Lara

June 30, 2022 at 4:32 pm

Thank you, Stevie!  
I'm so happy these bao buns turned out great for you and that you enjoyed
them!

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

Thanks for stopping by! At The Classy Baker you will find sweet and savory
baking recipes inspired by Mediterranean and Asian ingredients and influences.

To learn more, click here →

### Newest Recipes

  * Lemon Curd Cookies

  * Cinnamon Streusel Muffins

  * Raspberry and White Chocolate Loaf Cake

  * Spiced Red Wine Stewed Pears

## Footer

↑ back to top

### info

  * about
  * contact
  * privacy

### recipe index

  * baking
  * mediterranean
  * under 30-min
  * vegan

Copyright © 2021 **The Classy Baker**

89 shares

  *   *   * 

