https://www.foodelicacy.com/devil-curry/


↑

Search...

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * By Course
    * Mains and Sides
    * Breakfasts
    * Desserts
    * Soups
    * Breads & Buns
    * Jams & Sauces
  * By Method
    * Bake & Grill Recipes
    * Braise Recipes
    * Stir-Fry Recipes
    * Deep-Fry Recipes
    * Steam Recipes
    * One-Pot Meal Recipes
  * By Ingredient
    * Meat Recipes
    * Vegetable Recipes
    * Egg & Tofu Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Rice, Pasta & Noodle Recipes
  * By Cuisine
    * Asian Recipes
    * Chinese Recipes
    * Western Recipes
  * About
  * Contact

  *   *   *   *   * 

  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

**Subscribe:** Get foodelicious recipes in your inbox!

Foodelicacy

All Things Sweet & Savoury

  * Home
  * About
  * Browse Collection
    * Dessert Recipes
      * Cake Recipes
      * Cookie Recipes
      * Brownie & Bar Recipes
      * Muffin Recipes
      * Pastry Recipes
    * Bread & Bun Recipes
    * Jam & Sauce Recipes
    * Meat Recipes
      * Pork Recipes
      * Chicken Recipes
      * Beef Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Egg & Tofu Recipes
    * Vegetable Recipes
    * Rice, Pasta & Noodle Recipes
    * One-Pot Meal Recipes
    * Soup Recipes
  * Recipe Index
    *     *     *     *     * 

Trending: Cake Recipes

Search...

  * All Recipes
  * By Course
    * Mains and Sides
    * Breakfasts
    * Desserts
    * Soups
    * Breads & Buns
    * Jams & Sauces
  * By Method
    * Bake & Grill Recipes
    * Braise Recipes
    * Stir-Fry Recipes
    * Deep-Fry Recipes
    * Steam Recipes
    * One-Pot Meal Recipes
  * By Ingredient
    * Meat Recipes
    * Vegetable Recipes
    * Egg & Tofu Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Rice, Pasta & Noodle Recipes
  * By Cuisine
    * Asian Recipes
    * Chinese Recipes
    * Western Recipes
  * Holiday & Festive

Home / Meat Recipes / Chicken Recipes / Devil Curry - A Taste of Eurasian
Delights

# Devil Curry - A Taste of Eurasian Delights

**By:** Celia  |   **Published:** Feb 10, 2020  |   **Updated:** Apr 19, 2022
|  Leave a comment | View our disclosure policy

Jump to Recipe

Pin Recipe

__

__

__

_Devil curry is a spicy, tangy Eurasian meat curry, usually chicken, that 's
flavoured with vinegar. Traditionally served at festive occasions like
Christmas, devil curry is popularly enjoyed as a delicious home-cooked meal
throughout the year._

* * *

Hi, everybody! If you've been following my stories, you'll know how much I
enjoy exploring heritage foods, especially cuisine that is so integral to
Singapore's.

I have a list of must-try heritage foods that I've been working on. And on
that list are some of my all-time favourites like fish head curry and babi
pongteh (braised pork in fermented soy bean paste).

Today, I'm really excited to share another iconic heritage dish, Eurasian
devil curry.

#### Eurasian Devil Curry

Save For Later _Click the button to save for later!_

## What is devil curry?

Picture a deep red, fiery-looking spicy curry of meats and sausages, usually
chicken and pork, with a mishmash of potatoes, onions, cabbage, even tomatoes.

If that sounds like a hodgepodge, it sort of is, because devil curry came
about as a practical way to use up Christmas dinner leftovers.

Known as debal curry ( _kari debal)_ , devil curry is an Eurasian meat stew
that evolved from the Portuguese.

That's why you can find Western ingredients like roast pork and sausages with
Asian spices like lemon grass, ginger, galangal, turmeric and candlenuts.

This curry is characteristically hell-fire spicy, as perhaps intended by its
name. You'll find copious amounts of red chillies, with added heat from
mustard seeds and ginger.

I have read that there is one thing that sets devil curry apart from other
curries.

Notably, aficionados agree that devil curry should have a pronounced
vinegarish tartness in its flavour.

In fact, some chefs consider it an absolute must which is why vinegar is
always on a devil curry recipe.

I think your first impression of devil curry might be a smorgasbord of
unlikely ingredients just thrown together.

Yet fascinatingly, the curry melds into a hearty, delicious, edible potpourri.

These days, it doesn't need to be a festive or celebration occasion to enjoy
devil curry. Its popularly enjoyed as everyday fare by Eurasians and non-
Eurasians alike.

## Origins of devil curry

My general reading of the literature on devil curry is that it originated with
the _Kristang_ ( _Cristang_ ) community in the 16th century.

The early Kristang predominantly settled in Malacca, and to some extent in
Singapore.

They were mostly Eurasian Catholics who descended from inter-marriages between
Portuguese colonists and the local Malaccans.

The Kristang speak in their own language, which is a mix of mostly Portuguese
and Malay.

They maintain a unique culture, and Kristang cuisine combines Portuguese
elements with Malay, Chinese and Indian influences.

## A Simplified Recipe for Everyday Cooking

I actually happen to have several recipes on hand for devil curry.

Of all, my favourite is this one adapted from one of my most relied upon
cookbooks titled ' _Singapore Food - A treasury of more than 200 time-tested
recipes _' by Wendy Hutton.

I think you'll find this version simpler to prepare, yet the recipe is
quintessentially devil curry that retains its bold, sophisticated flavours.

What constitutes this devil curry are:

  * _**chicken and potatoes**_. If you do have some leftovers like sausages or roast meats, feel free to add. This will be an easy way to use them up!

  * _**reduced amount of red chillies**_. I've deliberately reduced the amount of chillies. If you love it really spicy, you can increase the quantity to say, 25 to 30.

  * **_a quintessential spice mix_**. Mustard seeds, dried chillies, fresh chillies, shallots, garlic, galangal, turmeric, candlenuts, and lemongrass. 

The melange of spices might seem a little daunting but it'll become second
nature as you get more familiar cooking with Asian spices.

The spice mix is the bedrock for a mouthwatering and scrumptious devil curry,
so do try not to skip any ingredient.

If you live outside Asia, chances are it will be easy to find the fresh,
frozen, or ground variety of these spices in nearby Asian stores.

Like most curries, devil curry tastes better with time. Overnight, the
flavours will have come together, developing a richer and bolder flavour.

It is usually served with steamed rice. I really hope you'll enjoy this unique
Eurasian dish!

####  Planning your next meal? Here are some suggestions:

  * **Kapitan Soy Sauce Chicken**
  *  **Braised Pork Belly in Soy Sauce (Tau Yu Bak/Lou Bak)**
  *  **Nonya Chicken Curry**
  *  **Thai Green Curry Chicken**

####  Tried this recipe? I'd love to see! Remember to share your pics on
Instagram and tag @foodelicacy or #foodelicacy.

##  SAVE THIS RECIPE!

## Devil Curry

By Celia Lim

Devil curry is a spicy, savoury Eurasian Portuguese meat curry flavoured with
a red chilli and ground mustard paste and vinegar. Traditionally served at
festive occasions like Christmas, this curry dish is now popularly enjoyed as
a delicious meal any time of year.

4.67 from 12 votes

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 30 mins

Cook Time 1 hr

Total Time 1 hr 30 mins

Cuisine Eurasian

Servings 10 servings

Calories 443

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * ▢ 1 whole chicken 1 to 1.2 kg, chopped into bite-sized chunks
  * ▢ 2 tbsp black soy sauce
  * ▢ 4 tbsp blended spice paste see below
  * ▢ ½ cup cooking oil
  * ▢ 2 tsp black or brown mustard seeds
  * ▢ 3 - 4 cups water
  * ▢ 3 lemon grass stems bottom 1/3 section, bruised
  * ▢ 2 yellow onions peeled, quartered
  * ▢ 1 ½ - 2 tsp salt or to taste
  * ▢ 3 potatoes peeled, quartered

#### For the spice paste:

  * ▢ 16 - 20 dried chillies cut into 2-cm (1-inch) lengths, soaked in warm water for 20 - 30 mins to soften
  * ▢ 4 large red chillies roughly chopped
  * ▢ 120 g shallots peeled, roughly chopped
  * ▢ 2 tbsp chopped garlic
  * ▢ 2 tbsp chopped ginger
  * ▢ 1 tbsp chopped galangal
  * ▢ ½ tsp ground turmeric (optional)
  * ▢ 3 candlenuts or macadamia nuts crushed

#### For the vinegar mixture:

  * ▢ 4 tbsp vinegar
  * ▢ 2 tsp sugar or to taste
  * ▢ 1 tsp English mustard powder

### Instructions



  * In a food processor or blender, process the spice paste ingredients to a fine paste. Add a little oil to grease the blades, if necessary.

  * Put 4 tbsp of the blended spice paste and the dark soy sauce in a large bowl, and stir to mix well. Add the chicken pieces and stir enough times to coat well with the mixture.

  * In a wok or skillet, heat up 1/4 cup oil over high heat. When very hot, add the marinated chicken and stir-fry until the meat changes colour all over, about 3 to 4 minutes. Remove the chicken pieces and set aside.

  * Add the remaining 1/4 cup oil and reduce the heat. Add the mustard seeds and fry until you hear the seeds popping.

  * Add the remaining spice paste, and fry over low-medium heat until fragrant, about 10 to 15 minutes. Add onions and stir-fry with the spice paste for 1 to 2 minutes.

  * Add water, lemon grass and salt. Allow to simmer for 2 to 3 minutes, scraping any spice paste from the bottom of the wok or skillet. Add the chicken and more water, if needed, to just cover the chicken. Cover and simmer, stirring occasionally, for 10 to 15 minutes.

  * Add the potatoes. Stir occasionally to cook the potatoes evenly, about 20 minutes, or until softened. Let simmer until the chicken is tender as well.

  * Stir in the vinegar mixture and let simmer for 1 minute.

  * Do a final taste test, and flavour with more salt and sugar, if desired. Dish out onto serving plate and serve hot.

### Nutrition

Serving: 1servingCalories: 443kcalCarbohydrates: 33gProtein: 22gFat:
26gSaturated Fat: 4gPolyunsaturated Fat: 20gCholesterol: 53mgSodium:
963mgFiber: 4gSugar: 9g

Keyword chicken devil curry recipe, curry debal recipe, debal curry, devil
curry, devil curry recipe, devil curry recipe eurasian, devils curry, kari
debal recipe, malaysian chicken curry

Did you make this recipe? I'd love to see!Don't forget to mention @foodelicacy
or tag #foodelicacy!

__

__

__

All Recipes Asian Recipes Braise Recipes Chicken Recipes Mains and Sides Meat
Recipes One-Pot Meal Recipes Savoury Spicy Stir-Fry Recipesasian braised
chicken christmas curry eurasian festive make-ahead meals malaysian meat one-
pot meals portuguese savoury singaporean spice

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Tried this Recipe? Rate it! Tried this Recipe? Rate it!  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

## Primary Sidebar

####  I'm Celia!

I'm the gal behind this small space that I think is my little piece of heaven
on earth. When I'm not outdoors doing my favourite activity - hiking - I'm in
my kitchen, cooking! Here are my easy, everyday, Asian recipes and quick,
sweet bakes anyone can create.

More About Me

#####  Subscribe For Recipes

All the latest recipes straight to your inbox!

Subscribe

Loading...

#### Thank you!

You have successfully joined our subscriber list.

### Latest Recipes

#### Chocolate Bundt Cake with Chocolate Glaze

#### Lemon Blueberry Bundt Cake with Lemon Glaze

#### Orange Pound Cake with Orange Cream Cheese Glaze

#### Banana Honey Cake

#### The Best Raspberry Crumble Muffins

#### Best Soft and Chewy Chocolate Chip Cookies

## Footer

#####  Subscribe For Recipes

All the latest recipes straight to your inbox!

Subscribe

Loading...

#### Thank you!

You have successfully joined our subscriber list.

  *   *   *   *   * 

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipe Index
  * Privacy Policy
  * Contact

Copyright ©2022, Foodelicacy. All Rights Reserved.

Design by Pixel Me Designs

 __

 __236

 __

 __

 __

