https://anglo-indianfood.blogspot.com/2017/09/pork-devil-fry.html


  * Home
  * About Bridget
  * About Anglo-Indian Cuisine
  * Copyright
  * Privacy Policy 
  * Terms and Conditions

#  ANGLO-INDIAN CUISINE

  * Home
  * Cookery Books
  * Contact us
  * About Bridget

  *   *   *   * 

Home __ANGLO-INDIAN PORK DEVIL FRY

#  PORK DEVIL FRY

_by_ Bridget White-Kumar _-_ 1:18 AM 0 Comments

  *   *   *   * 

  

  

**PORK DEVIL FRY  **

  

Serves 6  

Ingredients

1 kg Pork (less fat) cut into medium size pieces

3 tablespoons vinegar

2 tablespoon sWorcester sauce or Soya Sauce

3 tablespoons Tomato sauce

3 tablespoons oil

3 large onions sliced

2 tablespoons chopped garlic

2 tablespoons chopped ginger

8 to 10 Curry Leaves

1 tablespoon sugar

1 teaspoon fenugreek seeds powdered (Methi Seeds)

1 teaspoon mustard powder or paste

2 pieces cinnamon

3 cloves

3 teaspoons chillie powder

1 teaspoon turmeric powder

Salt to taste

2 tablespoons oil

Parboil the pork till tender then mix the boiled pork with the Vinegar,
Worcester / Soya Sauce, Tomato Sauce, sugar and salt for about 1 hour.

Heat oil in a pan and saut√© the onions, curry leaves, chopped ginger, chopped
garlic, cinnamon and cloves till light brown.

Add the marinated pork, chillie powder, turmeric powder, fenugreek powder,
mustard and mix well.

Add the remaining soup and cook for about 15 to 20 minutes till the pork is
cooked well and  the gravy is thick.

  

Serve with bread or dinner rolls or as a side dish

ANGLO-INDIAN PORK DEVIL FRY DEVIL PORK FRY PORK DEVIL FRY PORTUGUESE PORK
DEVIL FRY

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  *   *   *   *   *   * 

###  Bridget White-Kumar

My name is Bridget White-Kumar. I'm a Cookery Book Author, Food Consultant and
Culinary Historian. I've authored 7 Recipe books on Anglo-Indian Cuisine. My
area of expertise is in Colonial Anglo-Indian Food and I have gone through a
lot of effort in reviving the old forgotten dishes of the Colonial Raj Era. My
Recipe books are a means of preserving for posterity the very authentic tastes
and flavours of Colonial 'Anglo' India, besides recording for future
generations, the unique heritage of Anglo-Indian Cuisine. I take up
professional assignments and conduct Cooking Workshops and Training Sessions
in Colonial Anglo-Indian Cuisine at Restaurants, Hotels and Clubs and large
hospitality houses such as The Oberoi Mumbai, The Taj Conemara Chennai, The
Taj West End Bangalore, Vivanta by Taj Whitefield, Sujan Luxury Rajmahal
Palace Jaipur Sujan Luxury Sher Bagh Ranthambore, Bow Barracks Bangalore,
Bangalore Club,Ivy Unwind Resort Bangalore, etc I also assist in organizing
Anglo-Indian Food Festivals and Culinary Events besides conducting Cooking
Classes for small groups. Tel +919845571254 Email bridgetkumar@yahoo.com
www.anglo-indianfood.com http://memoriesofkgf.blogspot.com

### You might like

### Post a Comment

#### Post a Comment

### Download Our Recipe App

### Contributors

  * Bridget White-Kumar

  * iJayaprakash

### Most Recents

[getWidget results="3" label="recent" type="list"]

### About Us

ANGLO-INDIAN CUISINE- BY BRIDGET WHITE Simple Anglo-Indian Recipes by Bridget
White-Kumar. Authentic Recipes of Colonial Anglo-Indian Cuisine - Lip smacking
recipes of popular and traditional Anglo-Indian Food. Old forgotten dishes now
revived to suit present day tastes and palates.

### Follow Us

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

Design !Jayaprakash

  * Home
  * Contact us
  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms and Conditions
  * Copyright

### Contact Form

