https://anglo-indianrecipes.blogspot.com/2021/12/anglo-indian-pork-devil-curry.html


#  BRIDGET WHITE ANGLO-INDIAN RECIPES

Anglo-Indian Recipes from Bridget White-Kumar. Easy to follow recipes and
instructions of popular and everyday Anglo-Indian Dishes

## ANGLO-INDIAN COOKERY BOOKS BY BRIDGET WHITE

  * Home
  * BRIDGET WHITE-KUMAR - COOKERY BOOK AUTHOR AND FOOD...
  * ANGLO-INDIAN RECIPE BOOKS by Bridget White
  * ANGLO-INDIAN CUISINE - A LEGACY OF FLAVOURS FROM THE PAST
  * A COLLECTION OF SIMPLE ANGLO-INDIAN RECIPES - By B...
  * SIMPLE EGG DELICACIES
  * VEGETARIAN DELICACIES
  * PRIVACY POLICY
  * PRIVACY POLICY
  * Home

## Sunday, December 26, 2021

###  ANGLO-INDIAN PORK DEVIL CURRY



  
PORK DEVIL FRY

The Devil Curry as its name suggests, is a rich and fiery hot dish, that could
be prepared with Beef, Mutton, lamb, Chicken, Pork or Eggs and lots of
chilies. In the earlier days, when hunting was allowed and game was plenty,
Wild Boar, Venison and Rabbit were also made into the Devil Curry. The Devil
Curry actually originated during the Colonial British Era, where the leftover
Turkey and Chicken Roasts were converted into Devil Curries or Fries by giving
them a makeover the next day with the addition of a few spices. In other
words, the leftovers were 'devilled' with a lot of chillies, mustard,
Worcestershire sauce and vinegar.

In the olden days, this dish was commonly prepared the day after Christmas ie
on Boxing Day, with all the leftover meats from the Christmas Dinner and
contained a variety of leftover meats and vegetables. Every family had their
own way or recipe for making a Devil Curry depending on whatever leftovers and
ingredients they had in their own home. However, now since its sort of one of
the dishes on the Christmas Dinner table, it could be made with fresh meat,
marinated with the ingredients, then cooked into a curry or a dry dish.

Serves 6  

Ingredients

1 kg Pork with fat, from the belly or loin, cut into medium size pieces

3 tablespoons vinegar

2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce or Soya Sauce

3 tablespoons Tomato purée or paste

3 tablespoons oil

3 large onions sliced

2 tablespoons chopped garlic

2 tablespoons chopped ginger

1 tablespoon sugar

1 teaspoon fenugreek seeds powdered

1 teaspoon mustard powder or paste

2 pieces cinnamon

3 cloves

3 teaspoons chillie powder

1 teaspoon turmeric powder

Salt to taste

2 tablespoons oil

  

Marinate the pork with the Vinegar, Worcestershire / Soya Sauce, Tomato Sauce,
sugar and salt for about 1 hour.

Heat oil in a pan and sauté the onions, chopped ginger, chopped garlic,
cinnamon and cloves till light brown.

Add the marinated pork, chillie powder, turmeric powder, fenugreek powder and
mustard and mix well.

Add around 2 cups of water and cook on low heat till the pork is tender and
well cooked and  the gravy is thick.

  

Serve with bread or dinner rolls or as a side dish

at  December 26, 2021

Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest

Labels: ANGLO-INDIAN DEVIL PORK, ANGLO-INDIAN PORK DEVIL FRY, DEVIL PORK, PORK
DEVIL CURRY

#### No comments:

Post a Comment

Newer Post Older Post Home

Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom)

### MEAT AND VEGETABLE BROTH

MEAT AND VEGETABLE BROTH A simple and delightful Meat and Vegetable Broth
lightly flavoured with pepper, garlic, mint and cumin for a rain...

  * DODOL OR DHOL DHOL (BLACK RICE HALWA) - an Anglo-Indian Christmas Sweet

DODOL OR DHOL DHOL (BLACK RICE HALWA) Dodol or Black Rice Halwa is a delicious
Christmas Sweet purported to be another legacy of ...

  * JAP0NAISE CAKES / ALMOND MERINGUE TORTE 

Japonaise cakes are often mistakenly called Japanese cakes.  Surprisingly, the
Japonaise Cake did not originate in Japan but is act...

## CONTENTS

  * a (1)
  * A Collection of Simple Anglo-Indian Recipes (2)
  * A Few Quick Serving Ideas using Eggs from my Recipe Book SIMPLE EGG DELICACIES (1)
  * Afternoon Tea - A touch of Nostalgia (1)
  * Almond Meringue Torte (1)
  * Almorth (1)
  * Almoth (1)
  * Anglo Indian Cookery Books (1)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN BALL CURRY (1)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN BEEF CURRY (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Beef Mince (1)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN BEEF MINCE CUTLETS (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Beef Roast (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Beef Smore Stew (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Bone Pepper Water (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Bone Soup (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Bread Pudding (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Brinjal Pickle (1)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN CHICKEN BUFAATH OR HOTCH POTCH STEW (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Chicken curry (2)
  * Anglo-Indian Chicken Devil Fry (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Chicken in Red wine (1)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN CHICKEN PEPPER FRY (1)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN CHICKEN VINDALOO (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Chillie Beef (1)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN CHRISTMAS CAKE (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Christmas Dinner Menu (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Christmas Sweet Dodol (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Christmas sweets (2)
  * Anglo-Indian Cookery Book (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Cookery Books (2)
  * Anglo-Indian Cooking (2)
  * Anglo-Indian Croquettes (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Cuisine (4)
  * Anglo-Indian Cuisine - A Legacy of Flavours from the Past (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Cuisine - A legacy of Flavours from the Past - GOURMAND WORLD COOK BOOK AWARDS 2012 (1)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN CUISINE - COOKING DEMO AT THE WILLINGDON SPORTS CLUB MUMBAI ON 20TH JULY 2018 (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Cuisine - UPPER CRUST MAGAZINE (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Cuisine A Legacy of Flavours from the Past (4)
  * Anglo-Indian Curries (2)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN CURRY POWDER (1)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN DELICACIES (1)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN DELICACIES - BRIDGET WHITE (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Delicacies - revised version (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Devil Chutney (1)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN DEVIL PORK (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Dinner (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Dishes (6)
  * Anglo-Indian Dol Mash (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Duck Vindaloo (1)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN FISH CROQUETTES / RISSOLES (1)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN FISH FRY (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Food (40)
  * Anglo-Indian Food Cooking Training Workshop at Sujan Raj mahal Palace Jaipur (1)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN FOOD FESTIVAL AT THE HYATT CENTRIC BANGALORE (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Food Festival at The Ivy Unwind Island Resort Bangalore (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Fried Fish (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Ginger Wine for Christmas (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Grandma's Country Captain Chicken (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Lamb Curry (1)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN LAMB LIVER AND KIDNEYS (1)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN LAMB PEPPER FRY (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Liver Fry (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Masala Chops (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Meat and Spinach curry (1)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN MEAT CURRY (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Meat Pepper Fry (2)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN MINCE AND CARROT CURRY (1)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN MINCE AND POTATOES (1)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN MINCE AND TATTIES (1)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN MINCE BALL CURRY (KOFTA CURRY) (1)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN MINCE CUTLETS (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Mutton Biryani (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Mutton Curry (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Pepper Chicken (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Pepper Fry (2)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN PEPPER LAMB CHOPS (1)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN PEPPER MINCE AND POTATOES (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Pepper Water (1)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN PEPPER WATER POWDER (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Pickle (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Pish Pash (1)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN PORK DEVIL FRY (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Potoato Chops (1)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN PRAWN AND BANDY COY CURRY (1)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN PRAWN CURRY (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Prawn dish (1)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN PRAWN PALAU (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Prawn Vindaloo (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Recipe Books (5)
  * Anglo-Indian recipes (43)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN RUMBLE TUMBLE or SCRAMBLED EGGS (1)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN SAVOURY SAUSAGE CURRY (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Shin Bone Soup (1)
  * Anglo-Indian snack (15)
  * Anglo-Indian Soup (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Stew (1)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN TAIL VINDALOO (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Tomato Rice (1)
  * Anglo-Indian Vegetarian Dishes (1)
  * ANGLO-INDIAN VINDALOO POWDER (1)
  * ANTLO-INDIAN PEPPERWATER (1)
  * APPLE CHUTNEY (1)
  * APPLE CHUTNEY RELISH (1)
  * APPLE RELISH (1)
  * BAD WORD CURRY (2)
  * Baked Fish Fillets (1)
  * baked lamb / mutton chops (1)
  * baking powder (1)
  * BALL CURRY (2)
  * Bandy Coi and Meat (1)
  * BANDYCOY AND MEAT CURRY (1)
  * BBC Good Food July 2012 (1)
  * Beans Foogath (3)
  * Beans Poriyal (1)
  * Beans Stirfry (1)
  * Beef (7)
  * Beef / Lamb / Mutton Croquettes (1)
  * Beef and Greens Curry (2)
  * BEEF BALLS PEPPER FRY (1)
  * Beef Country Captain (1)
  * Beef Curry (4)
  * Beef Fry (1)
  * BEEF JERKY (1)
  * Beef Mince (2)
  * BEEF MINCE AND CARROT CURRY (1)
  * BEEF MINCE CUTLETS (1)
  * Beef Mince Fry (1)
  * beef Mince stuffed snake coy curry (1)
  * Beef Pepper Fry (2)
  * Beef pepper Mince (1)
  * BEEF POT ROAST WITH MASHED POTATOES (1)
  * Beef Roast (1)
  * Beef Smore Stew (1)
  * Beef Soup with Ve (1)
  * Bhendi Pepper Fry (1)
  * Bhuni Pork (1)
  * BITTER COY FRY (1)
  * BITTER GOURD FRY (1)
  * Bole Cake (1)
  * Bombay Toast (1)
  * Bone pepper Water (1)
  * Bone Soup (1)
  * bread (1)
  * bread and butter pudding (1)
  * BREAD AND CUSTARD PUDDING (1)
  * BREAD AND MILK PUDDING (1)
  * Bread Pudding (2)
  * BREAKFAST CASSEROLE (1)
  * Breakfast menu (1)
  * Breast Bone Pepper Water (2)
  * Bridget White (3)
  * BRIDGET WHITE - ANGLO-INDIAN COOKERY BOOKS (1)
  * Bridget White - The New Indian Express (1)
  * Bridget White Anglo-Indian Recipe Books (1)
  * Bridget White Anglo-Indian Recipes (3)
  * Bridget White feature in the Hindu Metro plus (1)
  * Bridget White featured in Food Lovers Magazine Winter 2015 (2)
  * Bridget White-Kumar (1)
  * Bridget White-Kumar - Autnor and Food consultant (2)
  * BRIDGET WHITE-KUMAR - CHICKEN ROAST RECIPE FEATURED IN THE BANGALORE MIRROR (1)
  * BRIDGET WHITE-KUMAR - RECIPE BOOK AUTHOR AND FOOD CONSULTANT -WINNER OF GOURMAND WORLD COOK AWARDS 2012 (1)
  * Bridget White-Kumar feature in the Lucknow Tribune 17th July 2013 (1)
  * Bridget's recipes (1)
  * Brinjal and tomato curry (1)
  * BRINJAL BAKE (1)
  * Brinjal curry (2)
  * Brinjal Pickle (3)
  * BRINJAL VINDALOO (AUBERGINE / EGG PLANT VINDALOO) (1)
  * BRINJAL/ AUBERGENES IN TOMATO GRAVY (1)
  * BRINJALS STUFFED WITH MINCE MEAT (1)
  * Brown Windsor Soup (1)
  * butter (4)
  * Butter beans / lima beans and potato Korma/ Vegetarian dish (1)
  * Butter Cauliflower (1)
  * Butter fried Cauliflower and capsicums (1)
  * CAKE RUSH Feature on me in Mint 10/11/2011 (1)
  * Cakes and Sweets (6)
  * Caramel Custard (1)
  * CARPET PUDDING (1)
  * CARROT AND MINCE CURRY (1)
  * CARROT AND PEANUT RICE (1)
  * cauliflower and capsicum (1)
  * Celebrating Anglo-Indian Cuisine - A Feature on me in the Business World 08/11/2019 (1)
  * Change cken Pepper Fry (1)
  * cheese (1)
  * Cheese Straws (1)
  * Chicken (6)
  * Chicken and vegetable Hotch Potch (1)
  * CHICKEN BUFAARTH (1)
  * CHICKEN BUFAATH OR ANGLO-INDIAN HOTCH POTCH (1)
  * CHICKEN BUFFARTH (1)
  * Chicken Casserole (1)
  * Chicken cooked in red wine (1)
  * CHICKEN COUNTRY CAPTAIN (2)
  * Chicken Curry (1)
  * CHICKEN CURRY IN COCONUT GRAVY (1)
  * Chicken Dak Bungalow (1)
  * Chicken Devil Fry (2)
  * Chicken Fry (2)
  * Chicken in Red Wine (2)
  * Chicken Liver and Gizzards Pepper Fry (1)
  * Chicken Liver Pepper Fry (1)
  * Chicken Mullligatwany (1)
  * CHICKEN PALAU - ANGLO-INDIAN CHICKEN PILAF (1)
  * CHICKEN PEPPER (1)
  * CHICKEN PEPPER FRY (1)
  * Chicken Pilaf (1)
  * Chicken roast (2)
  * Chicken Sausage Bites (1)
  * Chicken Sausage starter (1)
  * Chicken Soup (1)
  * Chicken Stew (2)
  * Chicken Vindaloo (1)
  * Chillie Beef (1)
  * Chillie Beef Fry (2)
  * CHILLIE PORK (1)
  * CHILLIE PORK FRY (1)
  * chillie powder (2)
  * chillies (1)
  * CHOCOLATE COATED (1)
  * CHOCOLATE COVERED STRAWBERRIES (1)
  * CHOCOLATE RUM BALLS (2)
  * CHRISTMAS CAKE (1)
  * Christmas Cakes (2)
  * Christmas dinner (1)
  * CHRISTMAS FRUIT CAKE (1)
  * CHRISTMAS FRUIT MINCE PIES (2)
  * CHRISTMAS GINGER PUDDING (1)
  * CHRISTMAS GOODIES (2)
  * Christmas greetings (1)
  * Christmas memories - Deccan Herald 23rd Dec 2014 (1)
  * CHRISTMAS MEMORIES - DECCAN HERALD METRO LIFE 23RD DEC 2014 (1)
  * CHRISTMAS PUDDING (2)
  * CHRISTMAS RUM BALLS (2)
  * CHRISTMAS SOOJI AND COCONUT SWEET (1)
  * CHRISTMAS SWEET GUAVA CHEESE (1)
  * Christmas Sweets (1)
  * Christmas treats (1)
  * Chutney (1)
  * Cigar Shaped Fish Cutlets (1)
  * cilantro (1)
  * CLASSIC ENGLISH TRIFLE (1)
  * COATED EGGS (1)
  * Coconut and Raisin Cake (1)
  * COCONUT AND SEMOLINA SWEET (1)
  * Coconut Barfi (2)
  * COCONUT BISCUITS (1)
  * Coconut Candy (1)
  * COCONUT COOKIES (1)
  * Coconut Fudge (1)
  * Coconut pancakes (2)
  * Coconut Rice Ball Curry (Bad Word Curry) and Devil Chutney - Deccan Herald 3rd March 2015 (1)
  * Coconut Sweet (1)
  * COCONUT SWEETS (3)
  * Cold meat Curry (1)
  * Colonial Anglo-Indian Cuisine (2)
  * Colonial Anglo-Indian Cuisine at Cochrane Place Kurseong (1)
  * COLONIAL ANGLO-INDIAN CUISINE FOOD PROMOTION EVENT AT K 3 (1)
  * Colonial Beef Smore Stew (1)
  * Colonial Chicken Recipe (1)
  * Colonial Dish Kedgeree (1)
  * colonial dishes (2)
  * Colonial Food (1)
  * Colonial recipe for Steam Roller Chicken (1)
  * Colonial slow cooked Chicken in red wine marinade (1)
  * Cook Book Author (1)
  * Cookery Books (1)
  * COOKING TRAINING WORKSHOP IN COLONIAL ANGLO-INDIAN CUISINE AT THE OBEROI MUMBAI 11TH TO 13TH JULY 2016 (1)
  * corriander powder (1)
  * Cottage Pie (1)
  * COUNTRY CAPTAIN (1)
  * Country Captain Chicken (2)
  * CRAB PEPPER FRY (1)
  * Crab Vindaloo. Anglo-Indian Crab Vindaloo (1)
  * Croquettes (1)
  * culinary history book (1)
  * Culinary Worshop on Anglo-Indian Dishes (1)
  * Curd Chutney or Pilaf (palau) Chutney (1)
  * CURRIED TROTTERS (1)
  * Curries (15)
  * Curry (12)
  * custard (1)
  * Cutlets (4)
  * Dak Bungalow Chicken (1)
  * DAK BUNGALOW MEAT CURRY (1)
  * DAK BUNGALOW MUTTON CURRY (1)
  * DAL AND DRUMSTICKS (1)
  * Dal Mash (1)
  * DEVIL CHICKEN FRY (1)
  * Devil Chutney (1)
  * Devil Fry (1)
  * DEVIL PORK (1)
  * Devil Pork Fry (1)
  * DEVILLED CHICKEN FRY (1)
  * DEVILLED EGGS (1)
  * devilled pork (1)
  * Dhal (1)
  * Dhal and Spinach Curry (1)
  * Dhol Dhol (1)
  * DING DING (1)
  * Dip (1)
  * Dodol (1)
  * Dol and Greens (Dhal and Greens Curry) (1)
  * Dol Dol (1)
  * DRUMSTICK AND DAL CURRY (1)
  * Drumstick and Dhal Curry (1)
  * Dry Mince Fry (1)
  * Duck Vindaloo (1)
  * Easter Treats (1)
  * EGG AND BREAD CASSEROLE (1)
  * EGG AND BRINJAL CURRY (1)
  * EGG AND CAPSICUM CURRY (1)
  * EGG AND CAPSICUM FRITTATA (1)
  * EGG AND DRUMSTICK (MORINGA) CURRY (1)
  * egg curry (1)
  * EGG MOILEE (1)
  * Egg Plant (1)
  * Egg Recipes (1)
  * EGGPLANT IN TO (1)
  * Eggs (1)
  * FERMENTED VEGETABLES (1)
  * Fish (3)
  * Fish and Boiled Eggs kedegeree (1)
  * Fish and green mango Curry (1)
  * Fish Croquettes (2)
  * FISH CROQUETTES / RISSOLES (1)
  * Fish Curry (2)
  * FISH FRY (1)
  * Fish Fry - Red Masala (1)
  * Fish Mince Fry (1)
  * Fish Mornay (1)
  * Fish Puttu (1)
  * FISH RISSOLES (1)
  * Fish Roe (1)
  * FLAPJACKS (1)
  * Flavours of the Past (12)
  * flour (1)
  * French Toast (1)
  * Fried Fish (2)
  * FRIED POMFRET (1)
  * FRIKKADELS (DUTCH FORCED MEAT BALLS OR PATTIES) (1)
  * FRUIT CAKE (1)
  * Fruit Compote (1)
  * Fruit pancakes (1)
  * FRUITCAKE RUM BALLS (1)
  * garlic (2)
  * ghee (2)
  * ginger (1)
  * Ginger and Garlic Paste and Oil (1)
  * GINGER PUDDING (1)
  * Ginger Wine (2)
  * Good Friday Rice Congee / Porridge (1)
  * GOOSEBERRY PICKLE (1)
  * Gourmand World Cook Books Awards 2012 (1)
  * Grandma's Chicken Fry (1)
  * Grandma's Country Captain Chicken (1)
  * Green Banana Cutlets (1)
  * Green Lamb Chops (1)
  * Green Masala Chicken Curry (1)
  * GREEN MASALA CRRY (1)
  * GREEN MASALA MEAT CURRY (1)
  * GREEN MASALA PALAO (1)
  * GREEN MASALA PRAWNS (1)
  * Grill Chops (1)
  * GROG SHOP STYLE MUTTON CHOPS (2)
  * GROUNT NUT TOFFEE (1)
  * GUAVA CHEESE (1)
  * hash browns (1)
  * Hells's Flame Chutney (1)
  * HOME MADE APPLE CHUTNEY (1)
  * HOME MADE CURRY POWDERS USED IN ANGLO-INDIAN COOKING (2)
  * Home made Tomato Jam (1)
  * Honey Dough Balls (1)
  * Honey yogurt fruit Compote (1)
  * Hotch Potch (1)
  * House Hold tips (1)
  * hristmas Goodies (2)
  * HURRY BURRY MEAT PULAO (1)
  * Hurry-Burry Chicken Curry (1)
  * Hussainy curry (1)
  * Hussainy Kebab Curry. Stick Curry (1)
  * Indian Cooking (1)
  * Indian Food (3)
  * INTRODUCTION FROM A COLLECTION OF SIMPLE ANGLO-INDIAN RECIPES - by Bridget White (1)
  * J W MARRIOTT HOTEL NEW DELHI AEROCITY - THE MEMSAHIB'S KITCHEN (1)
  * Jaldhi Chicken Curry (1)
  * Japonaise Cakes (1)
  * JERKY BEEF (1)
  * JIGNUT TOFFEE (1)
  * Junglee Chicken Pulao (1)
  * Junglee Pulao (2)
  * Junglee Pulao with Vermicelli (1)
  * Kalkals (2)
  * Kebab curry (1)
  * Kedgeree (2)
  * KEDGEREE WITH DAK BUNGALOW EGG CURRY - AN OLD COLONIAL DISH (1)
  * KEDGEREE WITH HAM AND HARD BOILED EGGS (1)
  * Kitchem Accessories (1)
  * Kitchen Accessories (3)
  * kitchen knives (1)
  * Kulkuls (2)
  * Lady finger fry (1)
  * Lamb / Mutton Biryani (1)
  * LAMB / MUTTON MINCE AND POTATOES (1)
  * Lamb / Mutton Mulligatawny Soup (1)
  * Lamb / mutton Roast (1)
  * Lamb / Mutton trotters (1)
  * Lamb Biryani (1)
  * Lamb Chops (3)
  * Lamb Curry (1)
  * LAMB CUTLETS (1)
  * LAMB LIVER AND KIDNEYS IN GRAVY (1)
  * LAMB LIVER AND ONION FRY (1)
  * Lamb Liver fry (2)
  * LAMB MINCE (1)
  * LAMB MINCE BALL PEPPER FRY (1)
  * LAMB MINCE CUTLETS (1)
  * LAMB MINCE PALAU (1)
  * LAMB MINCE PILAF (1)
  * LAMB PEPPER CHOPS (1)
  * Lamb Pepper Fry (1)
  * LAMB PILAF (1)
  * Lamb Vindaloo. Mutton Vindaloo (1)
  * LAYERED BISCUIT PUDDING (1)
  * LIME PICKLE (1)
  * Liver and Onions fry (1)
  * LIVER FRY (1)
  * Lobster Curry (1)
  * Mackerel Curry (1)
  * Mackerel Fish Curry (1)
  * Mama's Bole Cake (1)
  * Mango Pickle (2)
  * mangoes (1)
  * Marata Mode Curry (2)
  * Marzipan Sweets (1)
  * MASOOR DAL PALAO WITH BOILED EGGS (1)
  * Mazipan Easter Eggs (2)
  * Meat (6)
  * Meat and Fenugreek Curry (Methi / Venthium Leaves Curry) (2)
  * Meat and Lady Finger Curry (2)
  * MEAT AND LADY FINGERS (1)
  * MEAT AND LADYFINGERS (OKRA) CURRY (1)
  * MEAT AND LADYFINGERS (OKRA) CURRY / BANDYCOY CURRY (1)
  * Meat and Spinach Curry (1)
  * Meat and vegetable Broth (1)
  * Meat and Vegetable Soup (1)
  * Meat and Venthium greens Curry (2)
  * MEAT BALL CURRY (1)
  * MEAT BALL PEPPER FRY (1)
  * Meat Croquettes (1)
  * Meat Dishes (9)
  * Meat on Skewers Curry (1)
  * Meat Pepper Fry (2)
  * MEAT PILAF (1)
  * Meat Puli Fry (1)
  * Microwave Recipe for Dodol / Dhol Dhol (1)
  * MILK PUDDING (2)
  * MINCE AND CARROT CURRY (1)
  * MINCE COVERED EGGS (1)
  * Mince Croquettes (1)
  * MINCE PALAU (1)
  * Mince Rolls (1)
  * Minty Chicken Casserole (1)
  * Mixed Meat Stew (1)
  * MIXED VEGETABLE PALAO (1)
  * MIXED VEGETABLE STEW (1)
  * Mother in law Tongue Chutney (1)
  * Mulligatawny Soup (2)
  * Mustard sauce (1)
  * Mutton / Lamb Dumpoke (1)
  * mutton chops (2)
  * Mutton Chops green masala (1)
  * Mutton Curry (2)
  * MUTTON CUTLETS (1)
  * Mutton Dumpukht (1)
  * MUTTON MINCE PALAU (1)
  * mutton or lamb with Okra (1)
  * Mutton Pepper Fry (2)
  * MUTTON PULAO (1)
  * Nana's Bo Bo Fry (1)
  * Non-Vegetarian (4)
  * Non-Vegetarian Food (15)
  * Okra and Meat (1)
  * OKRA AND MEAT CURRY (1)
  * Okra Pepper Fry (1)
  * Old Handwritten recipes of my Grandmother (1)
  * Old Luncheon Menu FIRPO CATERERS CALCUTTA (1)
  * onion and tomato raita (1)
  * OT -The Other Thing (1)
  * OT The Other Thing (1)
  * Ox Tongue Roast (3)
  * OXTAIL VINDALOO (1)
  * Pan rolls (1)
  * Pancake tuesday (1)
  * Pancakes (1)
  * Pancakes for Shrove Tuesday (1)
  * Panrolls (1)
  * Panterass (1)
  * PEANUT BRITTLE (1)
  * PEAS PALAO (1)
  * PEPPER CHICKEN (1)
  * Pepper Chicken Fry (3)
  * Pepper fried Chicken Livers (1)
  * PEPPER FRY CHICKEN (1)
  * PEPPER MEAT BALLS (1)
  * Pepper Mince and Potato Cutlets (1)
  * Pepper Mince and Potatoes (1)
  * Pepper Pork Sausages (1)
  * Pepper Sausage (1)
  * Pepper Water (2)
  * PEPPER WATER POWDER (1)
  * PEPPERWATER (1)
  * PICCALILLI (1)
  * PICKLED VEGETABLES (1)
  * Pilafs (1)
  * Pish Pash (1)
  * Plain Pepper Water (2)
  * Plain Pilaf (1)
  * Plain Pulao (1)
  * Plantain and Coconut Fritters (1)
  * Pork Bhooni (1)
  * Pork Bhooni / Bhuni (Pork cooked With Dill Leaves and Potatoes) (2)
  * PORK CHILLIE (1)
  * PORK CHILLIE FRY (1)
  * PORK DEVIL CURRY (1)
  * PORK FRY (1)
  * Pork Roast (1)
  * Pork Sausages (1)
  * Pork Spare Ribs (1)
  * Pork Vindaloo (1)
  * Posthole Mince (1)
  * Potato Chops (1)
  * POTATO CURRY (1)
  * POTATO FRY (1)
  * POTATO SIDE DISH (1)
  * Prawn and Potato Cutlets (1)
  * Prawn curry (1)
  * PRAWN CURRY WITH POTATOES (1)
  * Prawn Cutlets (1)
  * PRAWN PALAU (1)
  * Prawn Patties (1)
  * PRAWN PILAF (1)
  * PRAWN PILAU (1)
  * Prawn Temperado (1)
  * Prawn Vindaloo (1)
  * PRAWNS AND LADY FINGERS CURRY (1)
  * PRAWNS AND OKRA CURRY (1)
  * PRAWNS IN GREEN MASALA (1)
  * pudding (1)
  * Pumpkin and Tomato Curry (1)
  * Raddish and Dol Curry (Red Lentils) (1)
  * Railway Mutton / Lamb Curry (1)
  * Railwway Lamb / Mutton Curry (1)
  * Red Masala Fried Fish (1)
  * Rice and lentils (1)
  * Rice dishes (1)
  * Rich Plum Cake (1)
  * Rissoles (1)
  * Roast Turkey with stuffing (1)
  * Roasted Chicken (1)
  * Roasts and Bakes (1)
  * Rosa Cookies (1)
  * ROSE COOKIES (1)
  * RUM BALLS (3)
  * RUMBLE TUMBLE EGGS (2)
  * RUMBLE TUMBLE WITH TOMATOES (1)
  * Salt Fish Pickle (1)
  * Salted Ox Tongue (1)
  * Sambal (1)
  * SAUSAGE (1)
  * SAUSAGE CASSEROLE (1)
  * SAUSAGE CURRY (1)
  * SAUSAGE MASALA (1)
  * Sausage Snack (1)
  * Sausage Starters (1)
  * Sausages (1)
  * SCOTCH EGGS (1)
  * scrambled egg (1)
  * SCRAMBLED EGGS (1)
  * Scrambled eggs with tomatoes (2)
  * Scrambled Fish Roe / Fish Eggs (1)
  * Sea Food (4)
  * Semolina (1)
  * SEMOLINA AND COCONUT SWEET (1)
  * Semolina Cake (1)
  * Shepherd's Pie (1)
  * Shin Bone Soup (1)
  * SHRIMPS IN CORIANDER GRAVY (1)
  * SHRIMPS IN GREEN MASALA (1)
  * Shrove tuesday (1)
  * Simple Chicken Palau (1)
  * Simple Egg Delicacies (2)
  * SIMPLE EGG PUDDING (1)
  * Simple Egg Recipes (1)
  * Simple Fried Fish (1)
  * Simple Pulao (1)
  * snacks (7)
  * Snake Coy Curry (1)
  * SOME ANGLO-INDIAN PICKLES AND CHUTNEYS (1)
  * SOOJI COCONUT SWEET (1)
  * Soup (1)
  * Soups (3)
  * Spanish Blue Mackerel (1)
  * Special Christmas Pudding (1)
  * SPICE POWDER (1)
  * Spicy Prawn / Lobster curry (1)
  * Spicy Roast Chicken (1)
  * SPICY SCRAMBLED EGGS (1)
  * Spinach (1)
  * Spinach and Meat Curry (1)
  * STEAMED GINGER PUDDING (1)
  * Steamroller Chicken (1)
  * Stew (3)
  * Stick Curry (1)
  * Stir Up Sunday (1)
  * STUFFED BRINJALS (1)
  * STUFFED BRINJALS / EGGPLANT/ AUB (1)
  * STUFFED SNAKE COY / SERPENT GOURD CURRY (1)
  * Stuffed Snake gourd curry (2)
  * sugarm kitchen accessories (1)
  * Sweet Coconut Puffs (1)
  * Sweet Puffs (1)
  * Tamarind Meat Curry (1)
  * TANGY MUTTON CURRY OR TAMARIND MEAT CURRY (1)
  * Tea Biscuit (1)
  * Tea time treat Plantain fritters (1)
  * Temperado Prawms (1)
  * Tempered prawns (1)
  * The 3 Most Important Ingredients used in Anglo-Indian Cooking - Vinegar (1)
  * The Anglo-Indian Festive Hamper (1)
  * The Bridget White Diaries - The Shrilanka Daily Mirror (1)
  * The gringind Stone (1)
  * The Taj West End (1)
  * Time our Delhi Feature on Anglo-Indian Food (1)
  * Time Out Magazine Bengaluru (1)
  * TIPSY TRIFLE (1)
  * Toasted Tea Cake (1)
  * Tomato and Curd Salad (1)
  * TOMATO PALAO (1)
  * TOMATO PALAU (1)
  * TOMATO PILAF (1)
  * TOMATO RICE (1)
  * Tomato Sambal (1)
  * Training Workshop on Colonial Anglo-Indian Cuisine - Taj Vivanta Whitefiled (1)
  * Treats (1)
  * TRIFLE PUDDING (1)
  * Tripe and Bengal Gram Curry (1)
  * Tripe Curry (1)
  * Trotters (1)
  * Trotters Curry (1)
  * TROTTERS IN GRAVY (1)
  * Turkey Roast (1)
  * turmeric powder (1)
  * VANILLA SPONGE (1)
  * VANILLA SPONGE CAKE WITH BUTTER FROSTING (1)
  * Vegetable Biryani (1)
  * Vegetable Palao with Onion (1)
  * Vegetable Pilaf (1)
  * VEGETABLE STEW (1)
  * Vegetarian Delicacies (2)
  * Vegetarian Delicacies by Bridget White (1)
  * Vegetarian Delicacies Recipe Book by Bridget White (2)
  * Vegetarian Dish for Lent (1)
  * vegetarian food (2)
  * Vegetarian Recipes (1)
  * Vindaloo (1)
  * VINDALOO POWDER (1)
  * Walnut Cake (1)
  * West End MYNT Kitchen (3)
  * White Steamed Rice (1)
  * WINTER MENU AT ANGLO NEW DELHI (1)

## Bridget's Anglo-Indian Delicacies

  

## Protected by Copyscape

## Content Disabled

## Blog Archive

  * March 2022 (1) 
  * February 2022 (1) 
  * January 2022 (2) 
  * December 2021 (1) 
  * November 2021 (1) 
  * October 2021 (2) 
  * August 2021 (1) 
  * July 2021 (2) 
  * March 2021 (2) 
  * February 2021 (1) 
  * January 2021 (1) 
  * December 2020 (4) 
  * November 2020 (2) 
  * October 2020 (1) 
  * July 2020 (3) 
  * June 2020 (3) 
  * May 2020 (2) 
  * April 2020 (2) 
  * March 2020 (1) 
  * February 2020 (2) 
  * January 2020 (1) 
  * December 2019 (2) 
  * November 2019 (3) 
  * September 2019 (1) 
  * August 2019 (2) 
  * June 2019 (2) 
  * April 2019 (2) 
  * March 2019 (1) 
  * February 2019 (2) 
  * January 2019 (1) 
  * December 2018 (1) 
  * November 2018 (1) 
  * September 2018 (2) 
  * August 2018 (1) 
  * July 2018 (2) 
  * June 2018 (4) 
  * May 2018 (3) 
  * April 2018 (3) 
  * February 2018 (1) 
  * January 2018 (2) 
  * December 2017 (2) 
  * November 2017 (2) 
  * October 2017 (3) 
  * September 2017 (3) 
  * August 2017 (2) 
  * July 2017 (1) 
  * May 2017 (3) 
  * April 2017 (3) 
  * March 2017 (3) 
  * February 2017 (2) 
  * January 2017 (4) 
  * December 2016 (1) 
  * November 2016 (3) 
  * October 2016 (1) 
  * September 2016 (4) 
  * August 2016 (2) 
  * July 2016 (3) 
  * May 2016 (3) 
  * April 2016 (3) 
  * February 2016 (3) 
  * December 2015 (5) 
  * November 2015 (1) 
  * October 2015 (3) 
  * September 2015 (2) 
  * August 2015 (2) 
  * July 2015 (3) 
  * June 2015 (1) 
  * May 2015 (1) 
  * April 2015 (3) 
  * March 2015 (1) 
  * February 2015 (1) 
  * January 2015 (4) 
  * December 2014 (4) 
  * November 2014 (4) 
  * October 2014 (3) 
  * September 2014 (3) 
  * August 2014 (2) 
  * July 2014 (3) 
  * June 2014 (4) 
  * May 2014 (2) 
  * April 2014 (4) 
  * March 2014 (1) 
  * January 2014 (3) 
  * December 2013 (1) 
  * November 2013 (1) 
  * October 2013 (1) 
  * September 2013 (1) 
  * August 2013 (2) 
  * July 2013 (7) 
  * June 2013 (2) 
  * May 2013 (2) 
  * April 2013 (4) 
  * March 2013 (2) 
  * February 2013 (2) 
  * January 2013 (2) 
  * December 2012 (2) 
  * November 2012 (3) 
  * October 2012 (5) 
  * September 2012 (2) 
  * August 2012 (5) 
  * July 2012 (3) 
  * June 2012 (2) 
  * May 2012 (4) 
  * April 2012 (3) 
  * March 2012 (1) 
  * February 2012 (2) 
  * January 2012 (1) 
  * December 2011 (1) 
  * November 2011 (2) 
  * October 2011 (2) 
  * September 2011 (1) 
  * August 2011 (4) 
  * July 2011 (4) 
  * June 2011 (2) 
  * May 2011 (3) 
  * April 2011 (4) 
  * March 2011 (4) 
  * February 2011 (2) 
  * January 2011 (2) 
  * December 2010 (4) 
  * November 2010 (3) 
  * October 2010 (4) 
  * August 2010 (1) 
  * July 2010 (3) 
  * June 2010 (1) 
  * May 2010 (3) 
  * April 2010 (1) 
  * March 2010 (3) 
  * February 2010 (3) 
  * January 2010 (1) 
  * December 2009 (2) 
  * November 2009 (2) 
  * October 2009 (1) 
  * September 2009 (3) 
  * August 2009 (3) 
  * July 2009 (2) 
  * June 2009 (2) 
  * May 2009 (2) 
  * April 2009 (2) 
  * March 2009 (2) 
  * February 2009 (3) 
  * January 2009 (3) 
  * December 2008 (4) 
  * November 2008 (3) 
  * October 2008 (6) 
  * September 2008 (3) 
  * August 2008 (7) 

## Contributors

  * Bridget White-Kumar
  * iJayaprakash

## Disable right click

## No Copy and Paste from this Site

**All the recipes and Photographs on this Site are old Family Recipes and
tried and tested by the Author. Please feel free to try out these old recipes,
and relish them, but desist from copying and using on other sites without the
prior permission of Bridget White-Kumar. Any infringement would amount to
Plagarism and infringement of Copy Rightpunishable by Law**

## Facebook Badge

PRESERVING ANGLO-INDIAN CUISINE  
  
Promote Your Page Too

## IMPORTANT NOTICE

**DUE TO THE PRESENT SITUATION, I AM NOT IN A POSITION TO POST MY BOOKS TO
THOSE WHO ORDER THEM DIRECTLY FROM ME. ALL MY ANGLO-INDIAN RECIPE BOOKS ARE
AVAILABLE ONLINE ON Amazon.com **

**THIS IS THE LINK TO MY AUTHOR PAGE DISPLAYING ALL MY BOOKS. HENCE PLEASE
ORDER DIRECTLY AND PURCHASE THE BOOKS FROM AMAZON**

https://www.amazon.in/kindle-
dbs/entity/author/B00491NWGA?_encoding=UTF8&node=1318376031&offset=0&pageSize=12&searchAlias=stripbooks&sort=review-
rank&page=1&langFilter=default#formatSelectorHeader

## Total Pageviews

## Search This Blog

|  
---|---  
  
## MY ANGLO-INDIAN RECIPE BOOKS

  

## A COLLECTION OF SIMPLE ANGLO-INDIAN RECIPES

  

## A COLLECTION OF SIMPLE ANGLO-INDIAN RECIPES

**A COLLECTION OF SIMPLE ANGLO-INDIAN RECIPES __** is a revised, consolidated
version of four earlier Recipe Books of Bridget White, namely **_Bridget 's
Anglo-Indian Delicacies, A Collection of Anglo-Indian Roasts, Casseroles and
Bakes, The Anglo-Indian Snack Box &The Anglo-Indian Festive Hamper. _**

More than 350 Recipes of traditional, popular and well loved, Anglo-Indian
Dishes have been specially selected from these earlier Cook Books and featured
in this Omni-bus Edition. This single Consolidated Imprint of easy- to- follow
Recipes features _Soups, Pepper Water_ _& Vindaloo, Curries & Fries, Roasts &
Stews, Chops and Cutlets, __Croquettes & Rissoles_ _,_ _Foogaths and
Vegetarian Delights_ _,_ _Rice Dishes & Pilafs, Pickles & Relishes, Casseroles
and Baked Dishes, Snacks & Short Eats, Nibbles & Finger food, Sweets &
Desserts, Custards & Puddings, Christmas Cakes & Festive Treats, Curry
Powders, etc_.

The huge selection of Anglo-Indian dishes featured in this Cookery book will
surely take one on a sentimental and nostalgic journey down memory lane of old
forgotten Anglo-Indian Culinary Delights. _All the old dishes cooked during
the time of the Raj_ _have now revived to suit present day tastes and
palates._ This Cookery Book would also serve as a 'Ready Reckoner' and a
useful guide for teaming up dishes for everyday Anglo-Indian Meals as well as
for festive and special occasions. __

## ANGLO-INDIAN CUISINE - A LEGACY OF FLAVOURS FROM THE PAST

  
ANGLO-INDIAN CUISINE - A LEGACY OF FLAVOURS FROM THE PAST is a comprehensive
and unique collection of easy- to- follow Recipes of popular and well loved
Anglo-Indian dishes. The repertoire is rich and vast, ranging from the
outright European Cutlets, Croquettes, pasties, roasts, etc, to mouth watering
Curries, Side dishes, Spicy Fries, Foogaths, Biryani and Palaus, Pickles,
Chutneys etc, picking up plenty of hybrids along the way. The very names of
old time favorite dishes such as Yellow Coconut Rice and Mince Ball (Kofta)
Curry, Pepper water, Mulligatawny Soup, Grandma's Country Captain Chicken,
Railway Mutton Curry, Dak Bungalow Curry, Crumb Chops, Ding Ding, Stews, Duck
Buffat, Almorth, etc, which were so popular during the Raj Era are sure to
bring back nostalgic and happy memories. These popular Anglo-Indian dishes
will take you on an exotic nostalgic journey to Culinary Paradise.

## E Book Versions of Anglo-Indian Cuisine - Alegacy of Flavours from the Past

**Buy E Book Versions of ANGLO-INDIAN CUISINE- A LEGACY OF FLAVOURS OF THE
PAST (Rs.179.00) only and the Revised Version of ANGLO-INDIAN DELICACIES
(Rs.127.00) from www.flipkart.com**

## VEGETARIAN DELICACIES

  
VEGETARIAN DELICACIES is a collection of simple and easy recipes of delectable
Vegetarian Dishes. The repertoire is rich and vast, ranging from simple Soups
and Salads, to mouth watering Curries, Rice dishes, Baked Dishes and popular
Accompaniments. The easy-to-follow directions make cooking these dishes
simple, enjoyable and problem-free.

## SIMPLE EGG DELICACIES

  

## LINKS TO MY OTHER ANGLO-INDIAN RECIPE SITES

  * A Gourmet's Table in Coorg - Kaveri Ponappa
  * Anglo-Indian Food
  * Authentic Anglo-Indian Recipes
  * Bridget's Anglo-Indian Recipes
  * Bridget's Recipes
  * KGF DOWN MEMORY LANE - NOSTALGIA FOR KGF
  * Recipes for delicious Anglo-Indian Food
  * Whispering Hope

## BRIDGET'S COOKING WORKSHOP / SESSIONS

  
Learn the art of fine Anglo-Indian Style cooking from BRIDGET WHITE-KUMAR,
Independent Food Consultant and Author of 7 Recipe books on ANGLO-INDIAN
Cuisine

## Training Workshop at The Oberoi Mumbai

  

## training workshop in Colonial Anglo-Indian Dishes

  

##

Loading...

###  Report Abuse

## LinkWithin

|  
  
---|---  
  
Watermark theme. Powered by Blogger.

  *[December 26, 2021]: 2021-12-26T21:41:00-08:00

