https://www.slurrp.com/article/darsaan--the-sweet-wonton-strips-from-china;-tried-yet--1628252533582


Trending on SLURRP

Home

Discover

Drinks

Meal Plan

Nutrimeter

My Collection

Articles

Community

Contest

Login / Signup

Invite

Login / Signup

Trending on SLURRP

  * Home
  * Articles
  * Darsaan: The Sweet Wonton Strips From China; Tried Yet?

##

Darsaan: The Sweet Wonton Strips From China; Tried Yet?

  *   * Aishwarya Khanna

Updated : January 20, 2022 05:01 IST

Share

  *   *   *   *   *   *   * 

Darsaan doesn't belong in the Indian-Chinese food category.Â

Image credits: Photo: Saumen Roy Chowdhury

If you haven't heard of this particular match made in the kitchens of China,
you need a taste-test. If you search darsaan in your city, you will be able to
see that there are many restaurants which are offering this amazing dessert
now. I remember eating darsaan at Asia 7 in India which totally cut the
mustard! It tasted delicious like a fortune cookie, the only parallel I drew,
no thanks to my limited knowledge of Chinese culture and cuisine. darsaan is
deep-fried, honeyed wonton strips covered in sesame seeds. It is usually
served with vanilla ice-cream.

Some people pronounce it like 'Darsaan' and others 'Daarsan'. For some
Indians, it is 'Darshan'. But I like to stick with 'Darsaan' because it is
more accurate.  It is interesting to know about all this trivia whenever I'm
out to eat. There is one place in Kolkata, which dishes out its own version of
the dessert. The wonton strips are coated in green, yellow and red, and also
serves it with fried ice-cream. I think in a place like this, the focus is
completely on looking at the dish peripherally. The general perception is that
wontons are just fried strips, so it must be made interesting by adding a pop
of colour to make it look appealing.

The original version of darsaan looks miles better though. I don't want to add
any 'wow factor' which will please my eyes more than my belly. Recently, I got
to eat it again at a Chinese restaurant in India. But let me lay some context
about the prevalence of Chinese food influence in India.

 **Indo-Chinese  Food**

We all know about the 'desi Chineseâ food obsession of India. And while food
connoisseurs may think that it does not work because it totally takes away the
authenticity of Chinese cuisine, Indians have embraced it in all ways. It does
not make much use of many local ingredients like wasabi and buck weed, but it
does include soy-sauce based gravies and sweet chilli! Case in point: Kolkata.
I know that I seem to be obsessed with Kolkata, but that is only so with good
reason - the first Indo-Chinese restaurant in that city, Eau Chew.  

In other big cities, it was largely Berco's which put the Indian-Chinese food
on the culinary map many years ago. Today, however, there are many all-Chinese
restaurants in the country that are popping up and gaining popularity because
globetrotting chefs are using what they have learned from their experiences
abroad to introduce authentic Asian specialities that have evolved. Yet the
fact remains that in a country that is so accustomed to their gobi manchurian
and honey chilli potato, something called a melon cheese roll will be hard to
introduce and be accepted unless you spin it to suit the palates here and word
of mouth follows.  

 **A final word**  

I struggle on my take. I don't know whether I want to eat orange chicken or
authentic Chinese food to learn more of it. The truth is: I like it all. But
one thing's for sure: darsaan doesn't belong in the Indian-Chinese food
category. Even if you put wonton strips and ice-cream together and sell as a
speciality from India. But it is an original dish from China, and I'd say let
it stay as it is.

  

Ultimately, for something to work, it all comes down to preparation. Whether
you are making something like a traditional onion pancake, a slightly more
evolved version of mapo tofu or what the masses love like chopsuey, the goal
is do what your heart wants. Ultimately, you'll find a couple of fans who want
to see more of what you do.

## Related articles

### Grapefruit And Chipotle? Here's A Cocktail To Make For A Mexican Night

  *   * Jan 20, 2022

### Who Doesnât Need Some Chill! Try These Strawberry Drinks To Cool The
Mood

  *   * Jan 20, 2022

### Shrimp Noodles: The Next Chinese Noodle You Must Try

  *   * Jan 20, 2022

#### Related Articles

### Grapefruit And Chipotle? Here's A Cocktail To Make For A Mexican Night

  *   * **Aishwarya Khanna Â . **Jan 20, 2022

### Who Doesnât Need Some Chill! Try These Strawberry Drinks To Cool The
Mood

  *   * **Pragya Jha Â . **Jan 20, 2022

### Shrimp Noodles: The Next Chinese Noodle You Must Try

  *   * **Ritisha Garg Â . **Jan 20, 2022

  *   *   * 

### Download App

* * ##### Company

  * About
  * Help & Support
  * FAQs
  * Partner with us

##### Quick Links

  * Nutrimeter
  * Meal Plan
  * My Collection
  * Curated recipe

##### Legal

  * Privacy Policy
  * Cookie Policy
  * Terms & Conditions
  * Sitemap
  * Community Guidelines

##### Top Stories

  * 5 Amazing Health Benefits Of Solkadhi
  * Kayi Sasive Chitranna: Humble Rice Meal With Spicy Flavours
  * Hayagreeva: Classic Chickpea Lentils And Jaggery Sweetmeal
  * Healthful and Classic Beetroot Chutney Recipe
  * Tapioca Chips: Crispy, Starchy Bites 

Company

  * About
  * Help & Support
  * FAQs
  * Partner with us

Legal

  * Privacy Policy
  * Cookie Policy
  * Terms & Conditions
  * Sitemap
  * Community Guidelines

Quick Links

  * Nutrimeter
  * Meal Plan
  * My Collection
  * Curated recipe

Top Stories

  * 5 Amazing Health Benefits Of Solkadhi
  * Kayi Sasive Chitranna: Humble Rice Meal With Spicy Flavours
  * Hayagreeva: Classic Chickpea Lentils And Jaggery Sweetmeal
  * Healthful and Classic Beetroot Chutney Recipe
  * Tapioca Chips: Crispy, Starchy Bites 

### Partner sites : Â Â

  * Hindustan Times
  * Live Hindustan
  * Live Mint
  * Desimartini
  * Shine
  * Healthshots
  * OTT Play

Â©2022 Slurrp, HT Media Labs. All rights reserved.

