https://www.cooking4allseasons.com/darsaan-honeyed-noodles-with-ice-cream/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Recipe Index
  * About
  * Navaratri Special
  * Our other Website: Spice your Life!
  * ## Nav Social Menu

###

    *     *     *     * 

menu icon

search icon

search...

  * Recipes ~ Indian and International
  * Navaratri / Navratri – Special

* ## 

  *   *   *   * 

×

Home » Sweets & Desserts » Darsaan | Honeyed Noodles With Ice Cream

# Darsaan | Honeyed Noodles With Ice Cream

Published: Dec 27, 2021 · Modified: Dec 27, 2021 by Srivalli · 2 Comments

Sharing is caring!

96 shares

  * 96
  *   *   *   *   *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

Darsaan is a popular Chinese Dessert. This is a Honeyed Noodles with Ice Cream
that has deep fried wonton strips served as noodles drizzled with honey,
sesame seeds, finally topped with a scoop of Vanilla Ice Cream.

These Chinese Wonton Strips Dessert is not from the Indo Chinese Cuisine. This
is a traditional sweet from Chinese cuisine. They serve the darsaan with
vanilla ice-cream scoop on top.

They pronounce this dessert as 'Darsaan' or 'Daarsan'. In a popular joint in
Kolkata, they have a fusion dish where the wonton strips are coated in green,
yellow and red, finally serve with fried ice-cream.

When I decided to plan the menu for my Indo Chinese Platter, I included this
for the desserts. I adapted mine from Tarla Dalal site.

Jump to:

  * Ingredients used to make this dessert
  * Instructions ~ with Step by Step Pictures
  * Substitutions or how to make this healthy
  * Serving Suggestions
  * Equipment you need to make this
  * How to store or Shelf life of this dessert
  * Other Combo Desserts you will love!
  * Recipe
  * Expert Tips to make this dessert at home

## Ingredients used to make this dessert

This dessert is a combo dessert featuring two different dishes to be prepared
and served together. For the noodles, it is traditionally wonton strips are
deep fried and drizzled with sauce, finally to be topped with ice cream.

The dough for the strips can be deep fried and stored as well.

**All Purpose Flour -** They use All Purpose flour to make the strips. If you
are unable to make this, use ready to use wonton sheets or flat noodles for
the base.

**Honey** \- Honey gives the sticky sweet taste to the dessert and you can add
it to the sauce while making it.

**Sesame Seeds** \- Toasted Sesame Seeds add a nutty taste to the dessert when
it is added on top.

**Ice Cream** \- Traditionally they serve Vanilla Ice Cream. However, you can
make your Ice Cream or serve a different flavour as well.

## Instructions ~ with Step by Step Pictures

### How to make the Darsaan Recipe

This Darsaan is a traditional Chinese Dessert where wonton strips are deep
fried and served with a honey sauce and Ice Cream Scoop.

### To make the Noodles

In a bowl take the all purpose Flour, baking powder and salt and rub well.  
Add ghee and water and knead a soft dough. Let it rest covered for 20 minutes  
Divide the dough into half. Roll each dough into 9 inch circle using a roller
pin. Using the pizza cutter, cut it into thin strips.  
Make sure the strips are thin otherwise they will puff up and will not be
crunchy.  
Heat the oil in a Kadai, deep fry the strips on medium low flame. Cook on both
sides and remove to a kitchen towel once they are crispy on both sides.

### For the honey sauce

In a saucepan, take water and sugar. Bring it to a boil.  
Once the sugar syrup comes to a boil add honey and sesame seeds. Turn the
flame off.  
Make sure not to heat further as the sauce can thicken very fast.

### Serving the dessert

Place the fried noodles on a serving platter and pour the honey sauce over it.  
Serve with a scoop of Vanilla Ice cream or an ice cream of your choice.

Other easy ice creams you can make yourself at home is this 2 Ingredient
Homemade Ice Cream Recipe without Ice Cream Maker or this Vanilla Icecream
With Ready made Ice Cream powder

## Substitutions or how to make this healthy

You can use whole wheat flour instead of All Purpose flour if you are making
the strips at home.

Making your Ice Cream also makes it low fat on the whole.

## Serving Suggestions

Pour the sauce on the fried noodles as when its still warm. It can get sticky
as it cools down.  
You can garnish with Slivered Almonds or nuts if you like.

If you want to serve with homemade icecreams, you have a wide choice like
these

## Equipment you need to make this

Wok or a Kadai for deep frying the Strips.

Rolling Board and a rolling pin along with a pizza cutter for making the
strips.

Sauce pan to make the sauce.

## How to store or Shelf life of this dessert

Since this dessert calls for deep fried strips, you can make the strips and
store it for a couple of days.

It's an assembled dessert, so you can make the different component, store and
assemble it together when you want to serve it.

## Other Combo Desserts you will love!

  * Shahi Tukda with Rabri
  * Eggless Blondie with Oreo Chocolate Chip Ice Cream
  * Rajasthani Rabdi Malpua
  * Apple Crumble with Custard Sauce
  * Shikran Poli / Sweet Banana Milk with Roti

## Recipe

Print Pin

5 from 1 vote

## Darsaan | Honeyed Noodles With Ice Cream

Darsaan is a popular Chinese Dessert. The noodles are deep-fried wonton
strips, that are drizzled with honey, sesame seeds, finally topped with a
scoop of Vanilla Ice Cream.

Course Desserts

Cuisine Chinese

Keyword Traditional Sweet

By Cook Method Deep Fried

Occasion Weekend Special

By Diet Vegan

Dish Type Combo Dishes, Deep Fried Dishes

Prep Time 10 minutes

Cook Time 15 minutes

Resting Time 10 minutes

Total Time 35 minutes

Servings 4 people

Calories 236kcal

Author Srivalli

### Ingredients

#### For Noodles

  * 1 cup All-Purpose Flour / Maida
  * 1/8 tsp Salt
  * 1/8 tsp Baking Powder
  * 2 teaspoon Ghee
  * Water for kneading

#### For Honey Sauce

  * 2 tablespoon Sugar
  * 2 tablespoon Water
  * 2 tablespoon Honey
  * 1 tablespoon Sesame Seeds toasted

#### For Serving

  * Vanilla Ice Cream / Any Ice Cream of your Choice Raj bhog ice cream that is full of nuts

### Instructions

#### How to make the Darsaan Recipe

#### To make the Noodles

  * In a bowl take the all-purpose Flour, baking powder, and salt and rub well.

  * Add ghee, water to the flour and knead a soft dough. Let it rest covered for 20 minutes

  * Divide the dough in half. Dust the balls, roll each dough into a thin 9-inch circle using a rolling pin.

  * Using the pizza cutter, cut it into thin strips. Make sure the strips are thin as well, you can also prick with a fork so that they don't puff up and will not be crunchy.

  * Heat the oil in a Kadai, deep fry the strips on medium-low flame. Cook on both sides and remove to a kitchen towel once they are crispy on both sides.

#### For the honey sauce

  * In a saucepan, take water and sugar. Bring it to a boil.

  * Once the sugar syrup comes to a boil add honey and sesame seeds. Turn the flame off.

  * Make sure not to heat further as the sauce can thicken very fast.

#### Serving the dessert

  * Place the fried noodles on a serving platter and pour the honey sauce over it.

  * Serve with a scoop of Vanilla Ice cream or ice cream of your choice.

### Notes

Pour the sauce on the fried noodles when it's still warm. It can get sticky as
it cools down. You can garnish with Slivered Almonds or nuts if you like.

If you are making in large quantity, you can make the strips ahead and store.

### Nutrition

Calories: 236kcal | Carbohydrates: 43g | Protein: 4g | Fat: 6g | Saturated
Fat: 3g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 1g | Monounsaturated Fat: 2g | Cholesterol:
14mg | Sodium: 101mg | Potassium: 81mg | Fiber: 1g | Sugar: 18g | Vitamin A:
70IU | Vitamin C: 1mg | Calcium: 54mg | Iron: 2mg

Tried this recipe?Mention @cooking4all or tag #cooking4all!

## Expert Tips to make this dessert at home

When using the fat to make the dough, knead a soft but stiff dough. So rub the
flour well with the butter/ghee you use.

Prick the sheets with a fork, so that they don't puff up. Puffing up makes the
sheet a bit soggy.

You can make the fried noodles ahead of time, store it in an airtight
container and use when needed.

## More Sweets & Desserts

  * Eggless Fruit Cake without Alcohol

  * Egg-Free Date Walnut Cake | How to make Date Walnut Cake

  * Eggfree Almond Cake | Eggless Almond Tea Time Cake

  * Brown Butter Brownies Eggless

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Radha says

January 09, 2022 at 9:56 am

  
Mouth-watering! Love the way you have described. I need to try it asap and
bookmarking your recipe.

Reply

  2. Vaishali says

January 09, 2022 at 10:45 pm

Drooling over the dessert . I have had it at my cousins place where she served
mango slices along with noodles and ice cream . Wow ! What a delicious dessert
.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name

Email

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

search...

**Hi!** Seasons change, yet there are some timeless recipes you can enjoy
anytime. If you are sport for it, you are in the right place!

More about me →

### Popular

  * Chicken Biryani ~ Rice Cooker Style

  * No Onion No Tomato Aloo Sabzi

  * Easy way to make Ragi Mudda | Ragi Sangati Recipe Step by Step ~ Weekend Cooking!

  * How to peel Garlic and Pearl Onions in Microwave

### Most Popular Recipes

### Chicken Pakora Recipe | Crispy Chicken Pakoda

### Coconut Rava Halwa

### Eggless Coffee Cake Recipe

### Chicken Pakora | How to make Chicken Pakoda | Step by Step Recipe

## Footer

↑ back to top

Privacy Policy  
Copyright © 2022 **Cooking 4 all Seasons**

