https://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/chinese-char-siu-grilled-lamb-chops-238259


Skip to main content

Open Navigation Menu

Menu

Story Saved

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Close Alert

Close

Chinese Char Siu Grilled Lamb Chops

  * Recipes & Menus
  * Expert Advice
  * Ingredients
  * Holidays & Events
  * My Saved Recipes

More _Chevron_

Story Saved

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Close Alert

Close

Sign In

Search

Search

  * Recipes & Menus
  * Expert Advice
  * Ingredients
  * Holidays & Events
  * Video
  * My Saved Recipes

Bon Appétit

May 2007 Issue

# Chinese Char Siu Grilled Lamb Chops

By Jill Dupleix

April 4, 2007

Save Story

save recipe

4.3

(18)

Read ReviewsTriangle

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Chinese Char Siu Grilled Lamb ChopsCon Poulos

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Usually used on pork, the Chinese barbecue marinade called _char siu_ gives a
haunting sweetness to these chops, which are delicious with steamed bok choy.
Ask your butcher to french (trim) the lamb chops for you.

## Ingredients

Makes 6 servings

3 tablespoons hoisin sauce*

3 tablespoons soy sauce

2 tablespoons Shaoxing wine (Chinese rice wine) or dry Sherry

1 tablespoon sugar

1 teaspoon Chinese five-spice powder**

1/2 teaspoon salt

18 rib lamb chops (about 3 pounds), well trimmed

2 tablespoons honey

1 tablespoon water

*Available in the Asian foods section of many supermarkets and at Asian markets.

**A spice blend that usually contains ground fennel seeds, Szechuan
peppercorns, cinnamon, star anise, and cloves; available in the spice section
of most supermarkets.

### Step 1

Whisk first 6 ingredients in small bowl. Transfer to large resealable plastic
bag. Add lamb; seal bag and turn to coat. Marinate in refrigerator at least 4
hours or overnight.

### Step 2

Prepare barbecue (medium-high heat). Drain lamb, leaving some marinade
clinging. Grill lamb until slightly charred and cooked to desired doneness,
about 21/2 minutes per side for medium-rare. Transfer to platter.

### Step 3

Stir honey and 1 tablespoon water in small skillet over medium heat until
warm. Brush over lamb chops.

How would you rate Chinese Char Siu Grilled Lamb Chops?

Leave a Review

Tell us what you think

Reviews (18)

Back to TopTriangle

  * Excellent. My favorite restaurant would be jealous. Just some easy tweaks: • Used slices of leg instead of expensive chops. • Reduced soy sauce to 1 1/2 tablespoons. • Increased honey to three tablespoons. • Marination time was enough at 6 hours. • About 2 minutes per side at medium stovetop flame. No burn marks! • Toss 1/2 inch pieces of CHINESE CELERY into grill pan about turning the lamb pieces. Stir together and be careful not to char anything. • Serve with steamed white rice and a Chinese vegetable like Cai Sim (choi sum) or Bai Cai (Bok Choi).

    * Anonymous

    * Queens, New York

    * 2/24/2020

  * I have to say that this is one of the best marinades I have ever had. It called for 18 chops and I only had 5. I cut the recipe by 2/3 and marinated it for 2hr. It was not overwhelming. I am going try it on other meats. I will definitely have it again.

    * bbeano

    * Urbana, OH

    * 2/2/2015

  * I give the marinade high marks, but I only gave 2 forks for recipe because I think it completely overwhelmed an expensive cut of lamb. I will definitely use the marinade again....with pork.

    * Anonymous

    * Jacksonville, FL

    * 9/17/2012

  * This is my new favorite way to prepare lamb chops! The flavors are so unique especially with the lamb. Served with Lemony Sugar Snap Pea stir-fry, and Jasimine rice with Garlic, Ginger, & Cilantro (from this website). I started with Thai Cucumber Salad with Roasted Peanuts and Mussels with Coconut Curry Sauce.

    * tammlou1

    * San Diego, CA

    * 5/14/2008

  * We have a lamb marinade that is tough to beat but this one came in at a close second. WE enjoyed it, didn't find it too sweet at all. Yum.

    * orangeloll

    * Toronto Canada

    * 4/29/2008

  * I really didn't care for these. They just didn't taste very good. I still like marinating lamb chops in olive oil, garlic and rosemary.

    * mjaeadams

    * Elverta, California

    * 3/26/2008

  * I substitute curry spices for the five spice powder and throw in a little red pepper.

    * lisanoon

    * Ocean Ridge, FL

    * 1/22/2008

  * This is a fantastic recipe as is. I love just grilled lamb chops with salt and pepper but at times like to change it up a bit. The marinade does a great job of cutting the richness of the high fat content in lamb chops. I like one of the reviewer's idea of doing them as double chops. I'm going to try that next time.

    * mlawler

    * humble, tx

    * 1/11/2008

  * We love this - I'm actually getting it to copy into my database. This, a bok choy salad, sesame asparagus and some grilled sweet potatoes - I served that to many a guest over the summer. Yum!

    * Anonymous

    * Albany, NY

    * 12/16/2007

  * Excellent. Followed the recipe exactly except could not get the French lamb chops. Trimmed my chops well and marinated 24 hours. They were a hit with everyone. Served after the Halloumi cheese with fava bean and mint salad and alongside braised baby bok choy. Dessert was lime and lemon posset. Wonderful meal.

    * Anonymous

    * Carbondale, IL

    * 5/31/2007

  * Bought Rack of Lamb and cut into two rib chops....substituted curry for five spice powder...this was fabulous with those modifications.

    * lisanoon

    * 5/26/2007

  * Not bad, but this recipe didn't really do it for us - too fragrant and sweet.

    * stwa

    * Ottawa

    * 5/19/2007

  * Delicious. I marinated the lamb for 24 hours. Will try this marinade with pork next time.

    * mopsyw

    * Seattle

    * 5/14/2007

  * Excellent mainade. Make sure you do 24 hours. Be sure to trim all the fat. Outstanding lamb recipe.

    * Anonymous

    * Columbus, Ohio

    * 5/6/2007

  * This was fantastic - I don't usually give 4 forks - but just made this for a party to rave reviews. Made exactly as described, except I did use it on chicken breast as well to round out the more expensive lamb. Yum!

    * Anonymous

    * Albany, NY

    * 5/6/2007

TagsGreekCheeseLambSoyMarinateMintGrill/BarbecueBon Appétit

Read More

Kung Pao Chicken

Kung pao chicken is a beloved Chinese take-out staple, but its balance of
salt, sweet, tang, and heat is easy to re-create at home.

By Diana Kuan

How to Boil Corn on the Cob

The best way to boil corn on the cob is to keep things simple so that nothing
gets in the way of the vegetable’s sweet, summery flavor.

By Marion Cunningham

Maple Whiskey Chicken Lollipops

Seasoned, smoked, and slicked with a simple maple whiskey glaze, these chicken
lollipops are epic for any summer celebration.

By Derek Wolf

Maduros (Sweet Plantains)

Depending on their level of ripeness, plantains can be savory or sweet--for
this sweet plantains recipe, look for mostly black ones.

By Kwame Onwuachi

Pocky S’Mores

Cookie, chocolate, and marshmallow: the delicious flavors of classic summer
s’mores, rearranged.

By Brendan Liew

Mango Sticky Rice

By The Gourmet Test Kitchen

Smoked Duck

This smoked duck is a beauty, with a burnished finish from the molasses.

By Matt Horn

Easy Pasta Salad

This easy pasta salad recipe will be the hit of your next potluck.

By Kelly Janke

Since 1995, Epicurious has been the ultimate food resource for the home cook,
with daily kitchen tips, fun cooking videos, and, oh yeah, over 33,000
recipes.

  * Facebook

  * Twitter

  * Pinterest

  * YouTube

  * Instagram

More from Epicurious

  * Newsletters
  * Epicurious Cookware
  * Subscription FAQs

Connect

  * Careers
  * Press Center
  * Advertising
  * Masthead
  * Contact Us

  * Site Map
  * Accessibility Help
  * Condé Nast Store
  * Condé Nast Spotlight
  * Do Not Sell My Personal Info

© 2022 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes
acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement and
Your California Privacy Rights. _Epicurious_ may earn a portion of sales from
products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate
Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced,
distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior
written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

Food Innovation Group

