https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/char-siu-lamb-cutlets-fried-rice/8a01e514-73b0-4be4-82e1-12f85c031264


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Char siu lamb cutlets with fried rice

  * _15m_ prep
  * _15m_ cook
  * _4_ servings 

3

Save Recipe

145 people saved this

3 people made this

Now you can enjoy the lovely, sticky, red-coated sauce served in Chinese
barbecue restaurants anytime at home.

Coles Magazine

Fresh recipe inspiration. Free in Coles stores and online.

665 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain egg and soybean.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 11 Ingredients 
  * 5 Method Steps 

#### 11 Ingredients

  * 8 lamb cutlets, trimmed 

  * 1/2 cup char siu (Chinese barbecue sauce) 

  * 1 tbsp vegetable oil 

  * 2 eggs, lightly beaten 

  * 100g ham, finely chopped 

  * 1 garlic clove, crushed 

  * 2 1/2 cups cooked jasmine rice 

  * 310g can corn kernels, drained 

  * 1/2 cup frozen peas 

  * 2 tbsp soy sauce 

  * 4 green onions, thinly sliced diagonally 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 5 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Combine lamb  (8 lamb cutlets, trimmed) and barbecue sauce  (1/2 cup char siu
(Chinese barbecue sauce)) in a large, shallow dish. Turn to coat. Set aside.

  * Step 2

Heat oil  (1 tbsp vegetable oil) in a medium non-stick frying pan on high. Add
the eggs  (2 eggs, lightly beaten), swirling to form an omelette. Remove, roll
up, slice and return to wok.

  * Step 3

Add ham  (100g ham, finely chopped) and garlic  (1 garlic clove, crushed) to
same wok. Stir-fry for 3-4 mins until browned. Add the rice  (2 1/2 cups
cooked jasmine rice), corn  (310g can corn kernels, drained), peas  (1/2 cup
frozen peas) and soy sauce  (2 tbsp soy sauce). Stir-fry for 1-2 mins until
heated through.

  * Step 4

Meanwhile, preheat a large frying pan or char-grill on high. Cook lamb in 2
batches for 2-3 mins each side until cooked to taste.

  * Step 5

Serve fried rice topped with cutlets. Serve with a sprinkling of the sliced
green onions  (4 green onions, thinly sliced diagonally) on top.

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

3 people made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

145 people saved this

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by (N/A)

##  Popular on Taste

  1. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

  2. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

  3. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  4. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

  5. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  6. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

  7. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  8. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

