https://www.cookclickndevour.com/fried-momos-recipe-deep-fried-momos-recipes/


  * About Me
  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Privacy policy

  *   *   *   * 

Cook Click N Devour!!!

Easy Vegetarian & Vegan Recipes For Everyone

  * About Me
  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Privacy policy

Home / Snacks and Starters Recipes / **Fried Momos**

Published: October 30, 2016 | Updated November 10, 2020 | By Harini

# Fried Momos

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

Fried momos are easy and tasty snack that you can make at home in no time. It
is a delicious take on traditional steamed momos. With crispy exterior and
spicy vegetable filling, these momos tastes delicious with any dipping sauce.
Here is how to make fried momos with step by step photos.

I love momos and I often make it at home for snacks or dinner. Steamed momos
with extra spicy veg fillings tastes absolutely delicious with a dipping
sauce. If you want to try something unique and special you can make these
fried momos. They taste so yummy when served hot.

Fried Momos Ingredients

Whole wheat flour

For momos outer covering I have used whole wheat flour to make the dough.
Wheat flour makes the outer covering a bit dense but very crispy. If you
prefer you can use plain flour also.

Vegetables for filling

I have used a mix of finely chopped purple cabbage, carrots, onions, baby corn
and capsicum. You can also use

**Fried momos recipe with step by step photos**. Sharing a very delicious,
crispy and spicy veg momos recipe today. I have previously shared steamed veg
momos recipe and momos chutney recipe here. I recently got some requests for
fried veg momos recipe and whole wheat veg momos recipe. I have made these
fried momos recipe with whole wheat flour. I will try and share steamed veg
momos recipe with whole wheat flour.

Taste wise and health wise I always prefer steamed veg momos. But these fried
momos will be a great addition to your starter recipes for partys and will
also be a great hit with toddlers and kids. The outer cover becomes so crunchy
and crispy when deep fried. Apart from deep frying part all the steps are same
as my earlier momos recipe.

**To make fried momos recipe** , I have used whole wheat flour for outer
covering. The veggies used for filling are carrot, bell pepper, capsicum and
purple cabbage. I have made the filling with minimum seasoning for the veggies
to shine through.

**Here is how to make fried momos recipe with step by step photos. Do try this
easy snack !**

### Step by step fried momos recipe.

1\. Take wheat flour, salt and oil in a mixing bowl. Mix well. Add water to it
and make a pliable dough. Set aside for 20 minutes.

2\. Heat 2 teaspoons oil in a kadai. Add all the chopped vegetables and saute
in high flame for 5 minutes. Add salt and pepper. Mix well and saute for 2
more minutes. Remove from flame and cool completely.

3\. Now to make momos divide the dough into equal sized balls of ping pong
size.

4\. Take a ball and roll it to a small circle.

5, Keep 2 teaspoons of prepared filling in it.

6\. Pleat and shape to a momo. Repeat the same with remaining dough.

7\. Heat oil for deep frying. Once the oil is hot deep fry the momos in
batches until golden brown. Serve veg momos hot with dipping sauce.

## Fried momos recipe card below:

## Fried Momos recipe | Deep fried momos recipes

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

Harini

Fried momos recipe with step by step photos. Delicious and addictive snack
made with wheat flour, veggies.

5 from 3 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 30 mins

Cook Time 30 mins

Total Time 1 hr

Course Snack

Cuisine world

Servings 15 -18

Calories 122 kcal

#### 1 CUP = 250 ml

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * ‚ñ¢ 1 cup whole wheat flour
  * ‚ñ¢ 1/2 teaspoon oil
  * ‚ñ¢ Salt
  * ‚ñ¢ Water
  * ‚ñ¢ For filling
  * ‚ñ¢ 2 cups finely chopped or shredded veggies carrots, capsicum. cabbage, bell peppers etc
  * ‚ñ¢ Salt
  * ‚ñ¢ Pepper powder
  * ‚ñ¢ Oil for deep frying

### Instructions



  * Take wheat flour, salt and oil in a mixing bowl. Mix well. Add water to it and make a pliable dough. Set aside for 20 minutes.

  * Heat 2 teaspoons oil in a kadai. Add all the chopped vegetables and saute in high flame for 5 minutes. Add salt and pepper. Mix well and saute for 2 more minutes. Remove from flame and cool completely.

  * Now to make momos divide the dough into equal sized balls of ping pong size.

  * Take a ball and roll it to a small circle.

  * Keep 2 teaspoons of prepared filling in it.

  * Pleat and shape to a momo. Repeat the same with remaining dough.

  * Heat oil for deep frying. Once the oil is hot deep fry the momos in batches until golden brown. Serve veg momos hot with dipping sauce.

### Nutrition

Serving: 15gCalories: 122kcal

Tried this recipe? Snap a pic and share üôÇMention cookclickndevou or tag
cookclickndevour





1046 shares

  * Share
  * Pin1046
  * Yummly
  * Flipboard
  * Twitter

Shared by Harini

#### About Harini

I am Harini. The recipe developer, food photographer and chef behind cook
click n devour. My aim behind this blog is to provide easy, tried and tested
recipes that beginners can cook with confidence. I took keen interest in
cooking and took courses on cooking, baking during teens purely out of
passion. With a decade of cooking experience I am glad to share my recipes and
culinary knowledge with you all here. Stay tuned and happy cooking!  
Harini :)

### Comments

  1. Sudha says

February 17, 2019 at 8:03 pm

  
Fried momos look so so tempting and a very new snack indeed. I want to try
this out soon. Can I make this with wheat flour?

  2. Brigitte Simons says

September 27, 2021 at 8:07 pm

Thank you so much for sharing I do enjoy trying out your delicious recipes
üëèüèøüëèüèøüëèüèø

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

#### Hello, I am Harini

The chef, author and photograper of cook click n devour. Here you'll find
tried & tested vegetarian recipes with step by step photos and videos to make
cooking a pleasure and fulfilling experience. Happy cooking!

Read More

#### Popular Recipes

#### As Seen In

AboutContactPrivacy

Copyright ¬©2022, Cook Click N Devour!!!. All Rights Reserved.

