https://www.masalaherb.com/momos-recipe-fried-veg-cheese-filling/


Masala Herb

Recipes + Food & Travel

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * TRAVEL
  * Contact
  * New? Start HERE!

menu icon

search icon

  * Home
  * RECIPES
  * Contact
  * New? Start Here!

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

×

You are Here: Masala Herb » Recipes » Asian

# Fried Vegetable Cheese Momo Dumpling

Published: Apr 19, 2016 · Modified: Jul 7, 2022 by Helene Dsouza

106 shares

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin
  * Email
  * WhatsApp

Helene Dsouza

Momos Recipe made at home with a veg cheese filling and fried crispy. Best
served warm and with a spiced dipping sauce.

Total Time: 1 hour 25 minutes

4.89 from 9 votes

Jump to Recipe

**Momos Recipe** with a veg cheese stuffing and fried for an extra crispy
momo.

Tibetan and Nepali momos specialties as you can find them on your journey to
Goa!

Learn how to make your own momos with the momos recipe below.

 **Global Food Recipes**

 **** _with Spices and Herbs_

Free E-Book available for a limited time. Grab yours now and get instantly
inspired!

00

Days

:



00

Hours

:



19

Minutes

:



59

Seconds

You missed out!

Yes, I want a FREE E-BOOK!

Your Free E-Book

was sent to your

E-Mail Address!

Please check your Spam folder

When you visit Goa, the unique tropical Indian coastline state, you will
definitely take around and visit different restaurants.

The choice of restaurants is gigantic here during the tourist season, which by
the way is happening between November and April every single year.

You can dine Indian, Italian, French, Chinese, Greek, German, Vegan,
Pescetarian you name it!

Of course not all restaurants are perfect or otherwise, I would be dining out
every single day and introduce you to some cool eateries but that's another
story for another day.

Among all the International eating joints, one cuisine seems to be forgotten.

**Nepali and Tibetan food** should be high up there with the others because
their food is some of the healthiest out there and of course, I am a fan of
the food flavors.

At least while having scanned through several restaurant and beach shack menus
I noticed that one Nepali and Tibetan dish always shows up the famous Momos!

## What are Momos?

Momos are basically Tibetan and Nepali flour dumplings stuffed with vegetables
or non-veg fillings.

From what I understand, the **traditional momos are steamed** and commonly
**served in or with a clear soup**.

The popular version in Goa are **crispy fried momos** , frequently even
stuffed with chicken or beef.

Of course very nontraditional but very delicious!

My husband loves my fried momos recipe with veg and cheese but I have to
confess I prefer the steamed version of veg and cheese.

The **momo filling is not spicy** and therefore I always suggest food
struggling Indian visitors to check out momos first.

**Momos are a great way to get into Asian food and believe me you won't be
disappointed!**

There are **2 main momo sealing versions** here that I learned and I would
like to share this knowledge with you.

The **"bun" sealing version** , or how I call it, is actually more suitable
for the steaming process but if you have a deep frying pan ready then this
momo form will work as well.

The **crescent-shaped momos** are more suitable for frying since they can be
easily turned without that the wonderfully crafted shape gets smashed.

I leave the choice up to you!

Serve with Sweet Chili Sauce Dip.

## Related Recipes:

  * Spicy Pan Fried Beef Bao

 **Global Food Recipes**

 **** _with Spices and Herbs_

Free E-Book available for a limited time. Grab yours now and get instantly
inspired!

00

Days

:



00

Hours

:



19

Minutes

:



59

Seconds

You missed out!

Yes, I want a FREE E-BOOK!

Your Free E-Book

was sent to your

E-Mail Address!

Please check your Spam folder

###  

## Fried Veg Momos Recipe

Momos Recipe made at home with a veg cheese filling and fried crispy. Best
served warm and with a spiced dipping sauce.

4.89 from 9 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Tibetan

Keyword: how to make momos, momo dumplings

Prep Time: 50 minutes

Cook Time: 35 minutes

Total Time: 1 hour 25 minutes

Servings: 12 piece

Calories: 100kcal

Recipe by: Helene Dsouza

### Ingredients

#### For the dough:

  * ▢ 200 grams All-purpose Flour
  * ▢ pinch Salt
  * ▢ 120 milliliter Water

#### For the stuffing:

  * ▢ 60 grams Carrot
  * ▢ 200 grams Cabbage
  * ▢ 1 Onion
  * ▢ 1 Tablespoon Ginger + Garlic
  * ▢ pinch Salt
  * ▢ pinch Black Pepper
  * ▢ 80 grams Grated Cheese mild Cheddar, Raclette type
  * ▢ 1 Tablespoon Cilantro chopped, aka Coriander
  * ▢ 1 Tablespoon Vinegar
  * ▢ 4 Tablespoons Water

#### For the frying:

  * ▢ Cooking Oil

US Customary \- Metric

### Instructions

show stepshide steps

  * For the momos recipe dough, mix the flour and salt first. Make a well in the center and add the water.

  * Mix the whole content and work the dough out for a short time until smooth. Keep aside covered with a cloth for 20 minutes to rest.

  * In the mean time, grate your carrot and cabbage thin. Chop your onion small. Heat up a pan and add 1 Tablespoon Oil and fry the onion first translucent, then add the grated carrot and cabbage and stir fry frequently while adding in the ginger garlic paste, salt, pepper, ajinomoto, coriander, vinegar and water. Stir fry until the vegetables are all soft and cooked and until the mixture is more dry. Keep aside to let cool a bit.

  * In a mixing bowl add the grated cheese and the previously fried vegetable mixture.

  * Combine the whole content well and keep aside.

  * Grab your dough and work it out again shortly with some extra flour so that it doesn't stick on.

  * Form into a big fat sausage and cut same sized pieces. Roll those in turn into smooth balls. Flatten and continue to roll them out into thin roundish circles.

  * If you want to make crescent shaped momos then place some of the filling (about 1 ½ Tablespoon full) onto one side more towards the center of the rolled out flat dough. 

  * Fold over one side, wet the ending with a drop of water and twist in edges as shown. Do that with the remaining dough or...

  * shape the dumplings into buns by placing some of the momos recipe filling (again about 1 ½ Tablespoons of the filling) into the center. Wet the edge and fold in 3 sides to the center and hold and fold in the new 3 corners to the center. 

  * Press and twist it at the center together so that it is properly sealed. Do that with the remaining dough or choose the crescent version.

  * Heat up a pan or deep frying pan (I used a simple pan because I wanted to save oil but I suggest that you use a deep frying pan or the Western style home deep frying machines) and wait for the oil to get hot. The oil should never smoke, that's very unhealthy and dangerous too!

  * To test if the oil is hot enough just take a piece of dough and drop it in. If it bubbles, it's a good sign and you can go ahead and drop a batch of the momos.

  * Fry the momos for a few minutes first on one side until golden and then turn and fry on the other side until golden. Take out from the oil and drain excess oil on a paper towel.

  * Serve hot with a spicy tomato sauce!

### Nutrition

Nutrition Facts

Fried Veg Momos Recipe

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 100 Calories from Fat 18

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 2g **3%**

Saturated Fat 1g **5%**

 **Cholesterol** 6mg **2%**

 **Sodium** 110mg **5%**

 **Potassium** 84mg **2%**

 **Carbohydrates** 15g **5%**

Fiber 1g **4%**

Sugar 1g **1%**

 **Protein** 5g **10%**

**Vitamin A** 910IU **18%**

 **Vitamin C** 7.1mg **9%**

 **Calcium** 87mg **9%**

 **Iron** 0.9mg **5%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Made this? Get featured!Mention @real.masalaherb or tag #masalaherb!

## More

  * Homemade Coconut Milk

  * Candied Sweet Potatoes (Daigaku Imo)

  * Basic Brown Rice Congee Recipe

  * Chicken Korma with Basmati Rice

106 shares

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin
  * Email
  * WhatsApp

Get to know me & Paul...

####

  *   *   *   *   * 

#### Categories

Categories Select Category African American Appetizers Asian Beef Beverages
Bread Breakfast Cake Candy Caribbean Casserole Central & South American
Chicken Cookies Curry Dessert Dinner Dips & Spreads DIY Food Dough Easy
Recipes Exotic Ingredients French German Goan Healthy How to Indian Italian
Jams Japanese Noodles One Pot Pickle Pizza Pork RECIPES Reviews, Events, Other
Salads Sandwiches, Wraps, Panini Sauces and Dressings Seafood Seasoning Side
dishes Snacks Soups TRAVEL Vegetarian Vegan Video Clips

#### Powered by

Home  
About  
As seen in  
Contact  
Terms and Conditions  
Privacy Policy  

By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies.

Masala Herb is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an
affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn
advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com

####

  *   *   *   *   * 

Copyright (C) 2022 · Magazine Pro Theme On Genesis Framework · WordPress

