https://www.thestatesman.com/lifestyle/food/kurkure-baby-corns-hot-garlic-tomato-sauce-1502883796.html


Follow Us: ______

______

  * __
  * India
  * World
  * Business
  * Sports
  * Entertainment
  * Opinion
  * Law
  * Lifestyle
  * Dainik Statesman
  * More

    * Technology 
    * Exclusive Interviews 
    * Features 
    * Photo 
    * Videos 
    * Cities 
    * Travel 
    * Education 
    * Law 

  * epaper
  * __

x

  * **epaper**
  * India
  * World
  * Business
  * Sports
  * Entertainment
  * opinion
  * Law
  * Lifestyle
    * Exclusive Interviews
    * Features
    * Photo
    * Videos
    * Cities
    * Travel
    * Education
    * Law
  * Dainik Statesman
  * More
    * Exclusive Interviews
    * Features
    * Photo
    * Videos
    * Cities
    * Travel
    * Education
    * Law
  * epaper

  1. Home / Lifestyle / Food / Kurkure baby corns with hot garlic – tomato sauce

#  Kurkure baby corns with hot garlic – tomato sauce

####

It is a snack dish that goes well with tea, coffee, mocktail or cocktail

Deepa Gupta | New Delhi | May 4, 2020 12:00 pm

(Instagram/@thesecretspiceaffair)

Baby corn is a versatile vegetable that can be used to make a variety of
snacks and dishes. Make a simple stir-fry with it or include it in salads,
soups, stews, noodles, pastas, fritters or curries – everything turns out
great with it.

Here is a quick and easy recipe in which baby corn is the key ingredient. It
is a deep fried snack which is crisp and super delicious to eat. The crunchy
snack is eaten with hot garlic-tomato sauce which altogether adds a lot of
flavour to the snack dish.

**Serves** : 4-5

**Preparation time** : 15 minutes

**Cooking time** : 30 minutes

**Ingredients**

Baby corns: 20

Ginger paste: 2 tsp

Garlic paste: 2 tsp

Green chilli paste: 1 tsp

Cloves: 2-3 (crushed)

Red chilli sauce: 1 tsp

Chat masala: 2 tsp

Oil: for frying

Coriander leaves: for garnishing

**For batter coating**

Maida: ¾ cup

Besan: ¾ cup

Salt: to taste

Baking powder: 1/3 tsp

**For hot garlic-tomato sauce**

Tomato: 8

Garlic: 10 cloves (finely chopped)

Tomato sauce: 3 tbsp

Red chilli powder: 1½ tbsp

White vinegar: 1½ tbsp

Salt: to taste

Oil: 2 tbsp

**Method**

Prepare the sauce first. Boil eight cups of water in a big wok. Add whole
tomatoes after washing and removing their stem eye with a sharp knife. Boil
for five minutes on medium-low flame. Turn off the flame and drain the water.
Let the tomatoes cool. Remove the skin of the tomatoes with hand or knife.
Chop them into small pieces. Heat two tablespoons of oil in a pan. Add chopped
garlic. Saute for few seconds. Add chopped tomatoes, red chilli powder and
salt. Cook on medium-low flame stirring and mashing it with a potato masher
after regular intervals. Cook until tomatoes soften and the sauce thickens.
Add vinegar and tomato ketchup. Mix well. Cook for two more minutes. Turn off
the flame. The sauce is ready. Keep aside to cool.

Boil 6 glasses of water and add a teaspoon of salt. Add crushed cloves and
washed baby corns. When a boil comes on high flame, simmer on medium-low flame
for five minutes. Turn off the flame. Drain the water and wipe dry the boiled
baby corns. Mix ginger, garlic and green chilli paste. Marinate baby corns in
it for an hour. Keep in refrigerator for 10 to 15 minutes to set. In the
meantime, prepare the batter. Mix maida, besan, salt and baking powder. Add
enough water to make a thick paste which can coat baby corns well. Mix the
batter well. Heat oil for deep frying in a frying pan. Take out the marinated
baby corns. Dip them in the batter and roll to coat the batter on all sides
well. Slide one by one in the hot oil and fry until golden brown flipping on
both sides until golden crisp. Take out on a kitchen towel to soak excess oil.
Sprinkle chat masala. Garnish with fresh coriander leaves. Serve hot with
garlic-tomato sauce.

Try this excellent starter – batter coated deep fried baby corns. Truly
amazing! The spicy recipe is an all in one dish having sweetness of the baby
corns, tangy flavour of the sauce and hotness of chillies.

TAGS :

  * Baby corn
  * Baby corn snacks

## Related Latest News

  
  

## Top Headlines

### Niti Aayog Meeting: Rajasthan CM demands PM to declare ERCP a national
project

CM has demanded from the Center to extend the period of GST compensation by 5
years to June, 2027 and to release the arrears of GST compensation amount of
about Rs 3,780 crore to Rajasthan in one lump sum from 2017-18.

### Week in Parliament

### Avinash Sable, the man who beat a Kenyan in 3000m steeplechase at
Commonwealth Games

### India reports 18,738 new Covid cases, 40 deaths

PEOPLE'S PARLIAMENT, ALWAYS IN SESSION

FOLLOW US

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * 

DOWNLOAD APPS

  * __
  * __

Member

  * 

  * Advertise with us
  * About
  * Contact

Copyright © 2020 The Statesman Limited. All rights reserved.

