https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/213954/stir-fried-mushrooms-with-baby-corn/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Side Dish
  4. Vegetables
  5. Corn
  6. Stir-Fried Mushrooms with Baby Corn

# Stir-Fried Mushrooms with Baby Corn

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.3

37 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 19 
  * 4 star values: 13 
  * 3 star values: 4 
  * 2 star values: 1 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 37 Ratings 
  * 29 Reviews 
  * 6 Photos 

Here is a Thai vegetable side dish with plenty of Chinese influences. Utilize
whatever mushrooms are in season, such as straw, button, het kone or shiitake
mushrooms.

Recipe by wiley

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Stir-Fried Mushrooms with Baby Corn

Add Photo

Stir-Fried Mushrooms with Baby Corn Jason Nado

Stir-Fried Mushrooms with Baby Corn Gagandeep Kaur

Stir-Fried Mushrooms with Baby Corn Rock_lobster

Stir-Fried Mushrooms with Baby Corn mommyluvs2cook

\+ 2 2 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

10 mins

cook:

15 mins

total:

25 mins

Servings:

4

Yield:

4 servings

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

4

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 4 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 2 tablespoons cooking oil 
  * 3 cloves garlic, minced 
  * 1 onion, diced 
  * 8 baby corn ears, sliced 
  * ⅔ pound fresh mushrooms, sliced 
  * 1 tablespoon fish sauce 
  * 1 tablespoon light soy sauce 
  * 1 tablespoon oyster sauce 
  * 2 teaspoons cornstarch 
  * 3 tablespoons water 
  * 1 red chile pepper, sliced 
  * ¼ cup chopped fresh cilantro 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Heat the oil in a large skillet or wok over medium heat; cook the garlic in
the hot oil until browned, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the onion and baby corn and
cook until the onion is translucent, 5 to 7 minutes. Add the mushrooms to the
mixture and cook until slightly softened, about 2 minutes. Pour the fish
sauce, soy sauce, and oyster sauce into the mixture and stir until
incorporated.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Whisk the cornstarch and water together in a small bowl until the cornstarch
is dissolved into the water; pour into the mushroom mixture. Cook and stir
until thickened and glistening. Transfer to a serving dish; garnish with the
chile pepper and cilantro to serve.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

49 calories; protein 3.4g; carbohydrates 8.3g; fat 0.9g; sodium 448.2mg. Full
Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (29)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Soup Loving Nicole

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

11/09/2010

I really liked this and wouldn't change a thing next time. I did use can baby
corn because that is all I have available here.

Read More

Helpful (23)

### Most helpful critical review

RobbyH

Rating: 3 stars

11/21/2014

Good recipe

Read More

Helpful (0)

37 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 19 
  * 4 star values: 13 
  * 3 star values: 4 
  * 2 star values: 1 
  * 1 star values: 0 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Soup Loving Nicole

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

11/09/2010

I really liked this and wouldn't change a thing next time. I did use can baby
corn because that is all I have available here.

bskaf

Rating: 5 stars

04/02/2010

This was a good low calorie dish! I added two chicken breasts chicken and used
two cans of baby corn so I doubled the sauces to make sure there was enough. I
used shiitake mushrooms which were good but will try others next time.

Carly Urbanski Johnson

Rating: 4 stars

01/30/2011

This turned out to be a very nice, light, tasty side dish. Browning the garlic
really added flavor! Used chili paste in the sauce instead of an actual pepper
as topping as some have recommended. Omitted the cornstarch mix in due to the
sauce having a nice consistency already.

CookinBug

Rating: 5 stars

03/29/2010

Yum! I did omit the chili pepper as I didn't have one on hand, but I sprinkled
with crushed red pepper flakes while cooking to add a little spice. This
tastes a lot like the mushroom side dish I always order at my favorite Chinese
restaurant. Thanks :)

hanna

Rating: 4 stars

11/11/2010

I liked this recipe, my husband said it was just ok. To be fair, I did have to
make a lot of changes: 1. To make the recipe kosher, I omitted both the fish
sauce and oyster sauce. I subbed the 2 of them with 1 tablespoon soy sauce. 2.
When I went to cut up my mushrooms it turned out they were spoiled, so I had
to use canned instead. I also used canned baby corn. 3. I threw in some cubed
chicken cutlets to make a full meal. 4. I added some crushed red pepper flakes
instead of the red chile pepper. I also left out the cilantro. Overall it was
good but not 5 stars. I will try it again using fresh mushrooms. EDIT: Tonight
I made it again using fresh mushrooms- made a world of difference. I also used
2 Tb soy sauce and 1 Tb Worcestershire for the fish+oyster+soy sauce, which
also made a huge difference. I added 4 chicken cutlets like last time but left
the sauce the same and it was still enough. Used dried instead of fresh
cilantro. Overall a healthy, filling, and tasty meal!

MOLLE888

Rating: 5 stars

05/25/2010

This was absolutely delicious! I had never used fresh baby corn, but I found
some at Wegman's and decided to give this a try. I also added one bok choy to
the mix, and used low sodium soy sauce. The end result was so good! Thanks for
this!

wmihalo

Rating: 5 stars

12/27/2010

I thought this was a great recipe. I skipped the corn starch and extra water.
The liquid released by the mushrooms and the soy, fish and oyster sauces
provided plenty. I added a small can of diced (mild) chile peppers. The next
time I make this recipe, I will double it and make 8 servings.

EACline

Rating: 5 stars

12/21/2010

Delicious. I had no fish sauce so substituted two parts soy to one part lime
juice. Also had no chiles so I threw in a little crushed red pepper. Left out
the cilantro.

Kriston Scott

Rating: 5 stars

12/09/2010

I made this as a side dish for the "Barbequed Thai-Style Chicken" recipe. It
complemented it quite well!

Beckee

Rating: 5 stars

09/29/2011

Very good!!!

mommyluvs2cook

Rating: 5 stars

12/03/2011

I made this a while ago and forgot to rate it. Very good! I like mushrooms and
I like baby corn so I loved this!

nrsejessica

Rating: 4 stars

12/03/2010

This was delicious!!!! My husband thought it was good but not great but I
however loved it! I've been trying to find a good asian stir fry veggie recipe
to go with the Baked Teriyaki Chicken from this site! The changes I made were
adding more garlic because I love it! I also used canned baby corn because I
couldn't find any fresh & have never seen it fresh. I left out the fish sauce
since I didn't have any so what I did was use 2TBSP soy sauce to make up for
it, I also used 2TBSP oyster sauce since I added fresh broccoli to the dish &
it needed more sauce. I also used red pepper flakes while stir frying since I
didn't have any chili pepper. It was good my only complaint was I think I will
add less cornstarch or leave it out all together next time. I know the sauce
is suppose to thicken up a bit to stick but it was a little too thick for me.
But still very good!

philly6288

Rating: 5 stars

02/01/2011

I didn't use the corn, red chile pepper or cilantro because I didn't have any
on hand. I followed all the other steps as written. Tasted delicious

Rock_lobster

Rating: 5 stars

02/11/2015

Stir-Fried Mushrooms with Baby Corn Haiku: "This blew us away! And I had to
use canned corn. Wish I could find fresh!" I have every intention of making
this again (possible w/ the addition of chicken, tofu or shrimp to make it
more of an entree) as it was easy and delicious, and I'll be sure to track
down fresh baby corn, or at the very least use a more interesting mushroom
than the baby bellas that I got on sale. The only other change was sprinkling
w/ crushed red pepper flakes. We were very surprised at how wonderful this
turned out to be!

Keeli

Rating: 4 stars

01/20/2013

Great low-cal, low-fat side with some asian glazed fish, but we found the fish
sauce, soy, and oyster sauses to be over poweringly dark and salty so added a
bit of rice vinegar and mirin to lighten it up

darzar

Rating: 5 stars

07/15/2014

Right away I knew I wanted to make these because they feature my husband's
favorite: baby corn. This recipe is so easy, and tastes like you just got it
at the corner mom & pop Chinese joint. So quick, easy and economical, thanks
for sharing, we will make this again!

Stephanie Capecchi

Rating: 4 stars

01/06/2011

Delicious, and definitely a recipe I would make again. The best part is, this
sauce base could be used with all sorts of meat and veggies. To be fair, here
are the changes I made: chili sauce instead of the chili pepper; added 2 small
chicken breasts, which made it a main dish and also gave it a good flavor.

Lanaya Songer Bryant

Rating: 4 stars

09/14/2012

Very good. Only thing was it was a bit too salty for me. I couldn't find fish
sauce, so I used worcestershire sauce instead. I will make it again.

shelleyg8r

Rating: 5 stars

01/02/2018

Easy and delicious.

Simplyjmay

Rating: 4 stars

01/07/2013

Yummy. I add chicken to make this a main dish.

RobbyH

Rating: 3 stars

11/21/2014

Good recipe

Florence

Rating: 4 stars

04/24/2013

I was pleasantly surprised! :-)When I made it, it turned out dark and
suspicious looking (LOL), but the taste was truly excellent.

Gagandeep Kaur

Rating: 5 stars

01/03/2019

I added only soya sauce instead of all. Loved it very much... Also added some
salt to taste and some herbs.. Its really delicious. Will make it again

Natascha

Rating: 4 stars

01/28/2017

I doubled the Sauce, and added pak choi. Served it with tempura breaded fish
and rice...

kac911

Rating: 4 stars

02/21/2014

Added carrots as well. Made a nice side dish. The cilantro really gave it a
nice flavor.

Rex Hutcheson

Rating: 5 stars

04/28/2013

4-27-13: Really good. Used frozen corn, not baby corn. 10-18-13: Pretty good.

Amanda Tipton

Rating: 5 stars

01/24/2016

sooo good, i have made it numerous times

just_jam

Rating: 2 stars

07/07/2013

as i've said before.. i hate giving out less than stellar reviews.. but this
was just very salty in my opinion.. the ONLY thing i did differently was
halving the onion b/c that's all i had.. maybe i'll make some steamed rice and
give this to bf for his lunch tomorrow since he'll eat just about anything

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

06/02/2022

Excellent side dish. Used canned baby corn and button shroooms. Quick and
delicious!

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Stir-Fried Mushrooms with Baby Corn

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Stir-Fried Mushrooms with Baby Corn

##  All Reviews for Stir-Fried Mushrooms with Baby Corn

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Stir-Fried Mushrooms with Baby Corn

Servings Per Recipe: 4  
Calories: 48.8  

% Daily Value *

protein:  3.4g  7 %

carbohydrates:  8.3g  3 %

dietary fiber:  2.4g  10 %

sugars:  3.3g

fat:  0.9g  1 %

saturated fat:  0.1g  1 %

vitamin a iu:  302.1IU  6 %

niacin equivalents:  3.6mg  28 %

vitamin b6:  0.2mg  13 %

vitamin c:  20.7mg  34 %

folate:  22.1mcg  6 %

calcium:  16.4mg  2 %

iron:  0.7mg  4 %

magnesium:  19mg  7 %

potassium:  339.5mg  10 %

sodium:  448.2mg  18 %

thiamin:  0.1mg  9 %

calories from fat:  7.7

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Stir-Fried Mushrooms with Baby Corn

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 29

Stir-Fried Mushrooms with Baby Corn

1 of 6 Stir-Fried Mushrooms with Baby Corn

Jason Nado

Stir-Fried Mushrooms with Baby Corn

2 of 6 Stir-Fried Mushrooms with Baby Corn

Gagandeep Kaur

Stir-Fried Mushrooms with Baby Corn

3 of 6 Stir-Fried Mushrooms with Baby Corn

Rock_lobster

Stir-Fried Mushrooms with Baby Corn

4 of 6 Stir-Fried Mushrooms with Baby Corn

mommyluvs2cook

Stir-Fried Mushrooms with Baby Corn

5 of 6 Stir-Fried Mushrooms with Baby Corn

Soup Loving Nicole

Stir-Fried Mushrooms with Baby Corn

6 of 6 Stir-Fried Mushrooms with Baby Corn

CookinBug

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Stir-Fried Mushrooms with Baby Corn to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/08/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Stir-Fried Mushrooms with Baby Corn

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

