https://www.myrecipes.com/recipe/smoky-buttery-crab-claws


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

MyRecipes MyRecipes

  * Course
  * Baking
  * Global
  * Healthy
  * Favorite Ingredients
  * Holidays and Occasions
  * Quick and Easy
  * Convenience Recipes
  * BBQ and Grilling
  * How To
  * Extra Crispy
  * News

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Account

  * Register
  * Newsletters
  * Email Preferences
  * Logout

Login

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore MyRecipes

MyRecipes MyRecipes

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * 55+ Easy Dinner Recipes for Busy Weeknights

####  55+ Easy Dinner Recipes for Busy Weeknights

Everybody understands the stuggle of getting dinner on the table after a long
day. If you're looking for a simple recipe to simplify your weeknight, you've
come to the right place--easy dinners are our specialty. For an easy supper
that you can depend on, we picked out some of our tried-and-true favorites
that have gotten us through even the busiest of days. Whether you're cooking
for yourself or for a family, these easy dinners are sure to leave everyone
satisfied and stress-free.  Read More

    * The Brilliant Secret to Making Better Mashed Potatoes

####  The Brilliant Secret to Making Better Mashed Potatoes

Trust me, it's so worth it.  Read More

    * 65 Super Easy Finger Foods to Make for Any Party

####  65 Super Easy Finger Foods to Make for Any Party

From chips and dip to one-bite apps, finger foods are the perfect way to kick
off a party. No forks or spoons required, just easy-to-pick-up party foods, so
you can clean up in no time.  Read More

  * Course

### Course

See All Course

    * Best Appetizer Recipes...Ever
    * Best Drink Recipes for Any Occasion
    * Salad Recipes
    * The Ultimate Guide to Sensational Sides
    * Soup and Stew Recipes
    * Easy Entertaining for Everyone
    * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes
    * Main Dishes and Entrees
    * Dinner Recipes
    * Dessert Recipes

  * Baking

### Baking

See All Baking

    * Bread Recipes
    * Our Most-Loved Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Pie Recipes

  * Global

### Global

See All Global

    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes
    * Middle Eastern Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Malaysian Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * Chinese Recipes
    * African Recipes
    * American Recipes
    * Cajun and Creole Recipes
    * Caribbean Recipes
    * South American Recipes
    * Southern Recipes
    * German Recipes

  * Healthy

### Healthy

See All Healthy

    * Easy, Healthy Recipes
    * Healthy Breakfasts
    * Healthy Dinners
    * Healthy Desserts
    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Diet and Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Low Carbohydrate Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Favorite Ingredients

### Favorite Ingredients

See All Favorite Ingredients

    * The Ultimate Guide to Chicken
    * Vegetable Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Cheese Recipes
    * Chocolate Recipes
    * Pasta Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Holidays and Occasions

### Holidays and Occasions

See All Holidays and Occasions

    * A Foodie's Guide to Halloween Recipes
    * The Ultimate Thanksgiving Guide
    * Hanukkah Recipes
    * Your Ultimate Christmas Recipe Guide
    * Our Most Festive New Year's Recipes
    * Best-Ever Super Bowl Sunday Recipes
    * Best Valentine's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * The Ultimate Guide to Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Labor Day Recipes
    * The Ultimate Fourth of July Guide
    * Memorial Day Recipes
    * Touchdown-Worthy Tailgate Recipes
    * Wedding and Shower Recipes

  * Quick and Easy

### Quick and Easy

See All Quick and Easy

    * 15-Minute Recipes for Busy Home Cooks
    * 5 Ingredients or Less
    * Dinner Tonight
    * No-Cook Recipes
    * 45-Minute Recipes

  * Convenience Recipes

### Convenience Recipes

See All Convenience Recipes

    * Budget-Friendly Recipes
    * Our Top Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Our Favorite Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes

  * BBQ and Grilling

### BBQ and Grilling

See All BBQ and Grilling

    * Grilled Beef Recipes
    * Grilled Fish Recipes
    * Grilled Shrimp Recipes
    * Grilled Chicken Recipes
    * Grilled Pork Recipes
    * Grilled Vegetable Recipes

  * How To

### How To

See All How To

    * 7 Ways With...
    * Videos
    * Ingredients and Tools
    * Kitchen Cleaning

  * Extra Crispy
  * News

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Account

  * Register
  * Newsletters
  * Email Preferences
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Smoky, Buttery Crab Claws

# Smoky, Buttery Crab Claws

Rating: 4 stars

1 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 0 
  * 4 star values: 1 
  * 3 star values: 0 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 1 Rating 
  * 1 Review 

By Julia Dowling Rutland

Recipe by Coastal Living February 2013

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Smoky, Buttery Crab Claws

Credit: Jennifer Davick; Styling: Linda Hirst

## Recipe Summary

prep:

5 mins

cook:

10 mins

total:

15 mins

Yield:

Makes 8 appetizer servings

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * 2 lean smoked bacon slices, chopped 
  * Â½ cup butter 
  * 3 garlic cloves, minced 
  * 2 green onions, thinly sliced 
  * 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice 
  * 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce 
  * 1 pound fresh crab claws 
  * 2 teaspoons chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley leaves 
  * French bread 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Cook bacon in a skillet over medium-high heat until crisp. Remove bacon from
pan with a slotted spoon, and discard drippings.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Melt butter in skillet; stir in garlic and green onions. Cook, stirring often,
2 minutes. Stir in lemon juice, Worcestershire, and crab claws; cook 2 to 3
minutes or until hot. Stir in parsley and bacon. Serve immediately with French
bread.

Advertisement

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews (1)

Add Rating & Review

Sort by:  Newest

Newest Oldest

David

Rating: 4 stars

12/21/2015

****Prepared the crab claws as per the recipe and the dish came out perfectly.
Easy to follow instructions, prep time and cooking time were perfectly
accurate. Thank you

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Smoky, Buttery Crab Claws

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Smoky, Buttery Crab Claws

##  All Reviews for Smoky, Buttery Crab Claws

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

MyRecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithMyRecipes.com is part of the Allrecipes Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporation. MyRecipes is a registered trademark of Meredith
Corporation All Rights Reserved. MyRecipes may receive compensation for some
links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to
change without notice.  Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of
Servicethis link opens in a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab
California Do Not Sellthis link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis
link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 MyRecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.myrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Smoky, Buttery Crab Claws

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

