https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/155375/crab-legs-with-garlic-butter-sauce/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Main Dishes
  4. Seafood Main Dishes
  5. Crab
  6. Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

# Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.7

210 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 172 
  * 4 star values: 27 
  * 3 star values: 7 
  * 2 star values: 1 
  * 1 star values: 3 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 210 Ratings 
  * 157 Reviews 
  * 50 Photos 

An easy crab legs recipe with a garlicky butter sauce that's ready in just 20
minutes! I ended up getting some snow crab legs on sale at the market. I
wanted something a little different from plain steamed, boiled, or grilled
crab legs, so I ended up throwing a few things together to make this awesome
crab leg recipe. This dish would be great with shrimp as well. Enjoy!

Recipe by Tamaralynn

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Read the full recipe after the video.

Add Photo

Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce Aiyanna

Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce A Lowrey

Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce Luv2Trvl

Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce Allen

\+ 46 46 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

5 mins

cook:

15 mins

total:

20 mins

Servings:

2

Nutrition Info

overhead view of crab legs with garlic butter sauce and a few lemon wedges

Advertisement

Skip to Recipe

Make any dinner a special occasion with homemade crab legs. Cooked in a
flavorful garlic butter sauce, these Snow Crab legs are never a bad idea.

##  Where to Buy Crab Legs

This recipe calls for Snow Crab legs, which are known for their mild flavor
and easy-to-crack shell. Less expensive than King Crab legs, you should be
able to find fresh or frozen Snow Crab clusters at your local grocery store or
seafood monger.

##  How to Cook Crab Legs

You'll find the full, step-by-step recipe below -- but here's a brief overview
of what you can expect when you cook these flavorful crab legs in garlic
butter sauce:

###  Make the Sauce

Melt butter in a skillet, then add the garlic and cook until it's translucent.
Add the seasonings and cook until the butter is bubbling.  

###  Make the Crab Legs

Cut a lengthwise slit into each shell. Add the legs to the butter mixture and
simmer until the crabmeat is heated through.

Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

Credit: Bren

##  How Long to Cook Crab Legs

The crab legs should be fully cooked after about five or six minutes in the
bubbling butter mixture. The whole recipe, sauce and all, only takes about 20
minutes to make.

##  How to Eat Crab Legs

It's actually quite simple to eat Snow Crab legs -- and you don't even need a
special cracking tool. Just pull one of the legs off the cluster, bend at the
joint, and pull the joints apart slowly. The meat should slide right out.
Helpful hint: Make sure the legs are warm when you crack them, as it's more
difficult to get cold crabmeat out of the shell.

##  How to Reheat Crab Legs

Store the cooked crab legs in an airtight container in the refrigerator for
three to five days. When you're ready to enjoy them again, brush the crab legs
with butter (bonus points if you have leftover garlic butter) and bake in a
350 degrees F oven for about eight minutes.

##  Allrecipes Community Tips and Praise

"You may be tempted to increase the sauce since it won't cover the crab
completely, but as long as you crack the legs prior to putting them in the
sauce, you shouldn't have a problem," according to mfreeman89. "The sauce will
lend a wonderful flavor without overpowering the crab."

"This is my favorite way to prepare crab legs," raves Renee. "The buttery
garlic flavor accents the flavor of the crab very well. It was also easy to
make. Using pre-cooked crab legs was pretty convenient. Great recipe!"

"This was so easy and so good," says alylikestoeat. "My family LOVED it. Use
all the excess butter after for the dipping sauce, if you even need it. It's
already so good on its own."

Editorial contributions by **Corey Williams**

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

2

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 2 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1 pound Snow Crab clusters, thawed if necessary 
  * ¼ cup butter 
  * 1 clove garlic, minced 
  * 1 ½ teaspoons dried parsley 
  * ¼ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper 
  * ⅛ teaspoon salt 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Cut a slit, length-wise, into the shell of each piece of crab.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and cook until
translucent, 1 to 2 minutes. Stir in parsley, pepper, and salt. Continue to
heat mixture until bubbling.

  * Step 3

Add crab legs to the skillet; toss to coat with butter mixture. Simmer until
completely heated through, 5 to 6 minutes.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

520 calories; protein 43.6g; carbohydrates 1g; fat 37.5g; cholesterol 274.2mg;
sodium 1030.7mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (157)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Tina Foley

Rating: 5 stars

01/17/2011

My favorite recipe ever! Split the shells before you throw the crab legs in.
Once done remove the legs and pour the butter sauce into a dish for
dipping....mmmmm good.

Read More

Helpful (218)

### Most helpful critical review

CharityBabe

Rating: 3 stars

03/22/2012

Although it was an easy and tasty way to cook crab legs, the mess was
incredible! Imagine trying to pull apart crab legs that are covered in butter!
Why didn't I think of that before serving this dish? You will need a million
napkins and a good sense of humor because your hands will be covered in herbed
butter.

Read More

Helpful (52)

210 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 172 
  * 4 star values: 27 
  * 3 star values: 7 
  * 2 star values: 1 
  * 1 star values: 3 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Tina Foley

Rating: 5 stars

01/17/2011

My favorite recipe ever! Split the shells before you throw the crab legs in.
Once done remove the legs and pour the butter sauce into a dish for
dipping....mmmmm good.

Irenthel

Rating: 5 stars

02/28/2009

I only really wanted a sauce recipe, and this delivered. Instead of crab legs,
I was making pasta, so I doubled the recipes and added about 2 1/2 tablespoons
of flour to thicken it. It was delicious!

CharityBabe

Rating: 3 stars

03/22/2012

Although it was an easy and tasty way to cook crab legs, the mess was
incredible! Imagine trying to pull apart crab legs that are covered in butter!
Why didn't I think of that before serving this dish? You will need a million
napkins and a good sense of humor because your hands will be covered in herbed
butter.

Tamaralynn

Rating: 5 stars

07/30/2010

Recipe author here - just a note that you can use any crab for this recipe,
not just snow crab. It's also great with shrimp, scallops and even muscles
(pre-steam muscles, and toss this sauce with them once cooked)!

Cindy Capps Lepp

Rating: 5 stars

01/02/2009

We had these on Christmas Eve! Easy and just made the house smell wonderful!
Thank-you for the recipe...will definitely make these again! I did add Old Bay
seasoning...for us it's not crab without it!

bride2be

Rating: 5 stars

02/15/2010

I loved it!!!!! I made this for my husband on Valentine's Day. And he couldn't
stop raving about how flavorful and moist the crab legs were. The only change
i did was adding some old bay. This was my first time working with crab legs,
so i was a little afraid. I was also afraid that there wasn't enough liquids
for the crab legs to cook, but it was perfect. Don't add any additional water
or broths. A very simple and elegant meal!!!

Bevi

Rating: 5 stars

05/12/2009

Recipe stands out but I did add this time cayenne and old bay!

Sandie

Rating: 5 stars

03/16/2011

I was looking for a butter garlic sauce for shrimp and this worked great, I
doubled it and added a pound cleaned shelled shrimp and a cup of sliced
mushrooms cooked until shrimp was done then served over angel hair pasta.
Sssoooo good

Amber MC

Rating: 5 stars

03/09/2012

Best crab legs I have ever eaten Anywhere!! (And I made them Myself!) I
followed this recipe exactly with the addition of extra garlic and diced onion
in the butter mixture. Also added herb seasoning and some old bay (garlic and
onion powder, basil, parsley, and oregano were added as well). The base recipe
is great and can be spiced up to suit any fancy. Even my husband who doesn't
like crab took a bite and said it was good.

pmml2002

Rating: 5 stars

03/22/2008

Great! My husband and I loved this and can't wait to try it again.

Sharon

Rating: 5 stars

06/16/2008

This was exactly what we were looking for, its quick easy and delicious. Thank
you :)

swtbby

Rating: 5 stars

11/04/2011

Very delicious! I was surprised that the butter sauce flavored the crab as
well as it did considering that the crab legs don't lay flat in the skillet.
It worked though. Thank you for sharing this recipe!

DanaLane

Rating: 5 stars

05/31/2011

So fast and easy. My husband and son loved it and said it was so delicious
they didn't even need clarified butter. We will be making crab legs more often
with this awesome recipe.

What's for dinner, mom?

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

06/19/2011

This was quite good! I needed a much larger amount (we are a family of 9) so I
upped the servings and used my roaster pan placed over 2 burners. Will make
again!

Nicole

Rating: 5 stars

05/03/2009

It was so easy and a total hit!

Gwen Wall

Rating: 5 stars

09/11/2011

Wonderful, exquisite, delicious - as good as any my family has had in a
restaurant. Easy, no exotic ingredients. Only took a few minutes to fix.
Because we were HUNGRY for crab, I had almost two pounds, and had to cook half
of it, then the other half. Just had salad and baked potato with it, and it
was very satisfying.

Jessi

Rating: 3 stars

10/24/2011

It was good but you couldn't really taste the butter sauce because it doesn't
get in the cracks that you cut in the shells. If I make this again I think
that I will use more butter so that it is level with the crab and it can
really get the flavor inside the shells to the meat.

lindsey

Rating: 3 stars

02/04/2010

it's a little unreasonable what i mean is that my local grocery doesn't have a
sertain kind of crab i think if you can find it then i guess go for it i just
wasn't a huge fan of it

addicted2code

Rating: 5 stars

03/28/2010

I am not a fan of crab legs, but this exact same mixture with jumbo shrimp is
amazing. I use it all the time now and just let it simmer in the butter and
garlic mixture.

Jennifer Noble Ethridge

Rating: 5 stars

12/25/2011

Delicious - we always have these on Christmas Eve!

Tracey

Rating: 2 stars

05/30/2011

It was okay..messy. I would try cooking the meat in the butter/garlic mix
instead of the whole crab leg.

Rhonda

Rating: 5 stars

07/27/2013

The BEST crab legs I ever had!!!! I added the old bay and some oregano and a
little extra butter. And they were the BEST my family couldn't get enough.

Joan Biese

Rating: 5 stars

01/16/2013

Absolutely stellar recipe! I doubled all the ingredients, and then added an
extra 1/2 cup of butter besides, just because we love having extra sauce for
dipping, if possible! :) THIS is how I'm going to make snow crab legs from now
on! I might try using a bit of red pepper flakes next time, for a little more
heat...but it was super as-is!

minerve0001

Rating: 5 stars

01/01/2011

my boyfriend made this for me one night, it was amazing and also added shrip
and scallops along with the sauce. Will definately make again.

Carol

Rating: 5 stars

01/12/2009

Outstanding; very easy.

Chasity Kopernik

Rating: 5 stars

07/16/2012

AMAZING!!

elle19

Rating: 5 stars

06/20/2014

I'm giving this five stars because the flavor was wonderful. I'll never make
it again tho. It was much too messy!! Crab legs are messy enough without
coating them in butter! I will make the herbed butter again and use it to dip
the crab meat in. Thanks for a great recipe to enhance the taste of one of my
favorite foods. Hubby loved it, but also thought it was too messy.

Thinksno

Rating: 5 stars

01/17/2010

First time making crab legs - simple and tasty! I was nervous there wasn't
enough liquid, so I added a touch of water. I'm not sure it was necessary.
Turned out great!

Daysee

Rating: 5 stars

01/10/2011

I used bacon grease because I had some on the griddle. Very high fat and worth
every bit.

brianita

Rating: 1 stars

10/08/2009

I wasn't impressed with this recipe.

BGCOOK

Rating: 4 stars

11/24/2011

Very good! I used my roaster to fit the crab legs and I added old bay
seasoning with about a quarter cup of water.

Renee

Rating: 5 stars

10/13/2012

Mmmm! This is my favorite way to prepare crab legs. The buttery, garlic flavor
accents the flavor of the crab very well. It was also easy to make; using pre-
cooked crab legs was pretty convenient. Great recipe!

blevande

Rating: 5 stars

10/06/2013

i followed recipe except for i cracked the crab open and sauteed the meet with
no shell as others had suggested. this had so much flavor and turned out
perfect. I served over wheat noodles with alfredo sauce and home made red
lobster rolls. it was delicious. the leftovers even came out well the next
day. thanx for sharing

aprilmac81

Rating: 4 stars

05/03/2012

I made this recipe tonight for dinner and it turned out wonderfully! I also
googled how to make the cheddar bay biscuits like Red Lobster makes and it
complimented the meal well. I absolutely *love* this recipe; thanks for the
idea!!!!

HomeChef

Rating: 5 stars

06/26/2010

This recipe was delicious. I could not find snow crab, so I applied this same
recipe to king crab, which worked just as well. The tip to cut the legs before
cooking made the eating much easier. My wife loved them. This is the second
time we have used tihs recipe. These are a bit messy, but worth it.

beronica Dunston

Rating: 4 stars

11/07/2010

didn't even need the dipping sauce on the side with this one. a little salty
for my taste next time no old bay

Judy Ovitt

Rating: 5 stars

10/03/2018

This is a delicious result for little time and effort to serve crab legs in
the shell. They were tender, juicy and tasty. My husband raved about them. No
more grill for us.

Mary Palmquist Bixler

Rating: 5 stars

03/27/2009

Great taste, easy to prepare. Medium was a little too high on my stove- the
butter burned while the crab legs were cooking. Will keep this one in the
rotation.

srobinson

Rating: 5 stars

10/14/2012

Best crab I've ever eaten! Followed the recipe exactly except for I added five
minutes at the beginning with the lid on the pan once I had added the crab (I
was paranoid about it not cooking through).

nickey1016

Rating: 5 stars

08/28/2015

This was amazing! I live in Florida and I am obsessed with snow crab legs.
Instead of going to the 'many' crab houses around and getting their garlic
butter covered crabs. I decided to make my own. This recipe was great. I
boiled my crab legs in old bay seasoning with a few other spices. Also added
red potatoes to the pot. I made this on the side to dip the crabs and potatoes
in. I didn't measure anything. I just did it by sight and to my taste. This
will definitely be my go to whenever I make crab legs.

Angela HJ

Rating: 5 stars

04/21/2014

My family loves this recipe, however, my husband does not trust that they will
cook completely in the butter so we usually steam them for about 5 minutes
before putting them in the butter sauce. We've made them several times &
everyone absolutely loves them. This last time I added Old Bay & Cayenne based
on some of the reviews & they were even better!

mfreeman89

Rating: 5 stars

02/26/2014

Excellent sauce for pretty much any seafood, especially crab and shrimp. You
may be tempted to increase the sauce since it won't cover the crab completely,
but as long as you crackers the legs prior to putting them in the sauce, you
shouldn't have a problem! The sauce will lend a wonderful flavor without
overpowering the crab. I made 1.5 lbs of crab and had a bit of the sauce left
over for dipping. Great recipe!

omahataxidriver

Rating: 5 stars

01/18/2011

Yummmm... Crab legs...

Aja

Allstar

Rating: 4 stars

12/23/2014

Delicious base recipe to add whatever you like to the crab. A review I saw
added Old Bay seasoning- which was perfect! This recipe gets messy with your
hands covered in the garlic butter. I couldn't help but lick my fingers! Very
flavorful recipe I will continue to make again and again.

Maccc's Mom

Rating: 5 stars

03/04/2012

Messy But Worth It! Followed recipe exactly and it was so good. I read the
reviews and since I had 2lbs of crab legs used a roaster over two burners and
doubled the recipe. Will be making these again and again and again! Thanks for
posting

TSUILI

Rating: 4 stars

11/11/2010

Very tasty and easy. Second time I made this, I added Old Bay Seasoning.

Rachel E.

Rating: 5 stars

12/31/2009

Very good and very easy! This will be my New Year's Eve tradition from this
day forward!

kawishman

Rating: 5 stars

02/01/2013

First attempt at cooking crab and it turned out amazing. I plan to try the
sauce on scallops and shrimp. Thank you for the recipe and tips.

Dawn McKersie

Rating: 5 stars

12/15/2009

Can we say, "YUM"!!!

Jane

Rating: 5 stars

12/06/2009

Thanks for sharing this very easy way to make crab legs. They have amazing
flavor. We have made them at least 6 times and everyone loves them.

meaunique03

Rating: 5 stars

05/30/2012

First time writing review on allrecipes.... IT WAS THAT GOOD!!! I enjoy trying
crab legs wherever and whenever I travel. THIS TOPS THEM ALL! Minor
modifications: I added another 1/4 cup butter, red pepper flakes, diced up 2
green onions (chives), and a dash of 'soul food' seasoning. AMAZING!!!!!! No
more crab leg eat out. I will definitely make this again. Thank you!

SLJ6

Rating: 5 stars

07/28/2010

Ohhhh so freakin' good....made this but used Mc Cormick's California Style
Garlic Powder with Parsley instead of fresh garlic and also used fresh cracked
pepper and a pinch of fresh ground sea salt.....I served this yummy garlic
butter with Alaskian King Crab legs and claws....hubby surprised me with these
and we just love them....a very yummy and decadent dipping butter for these
Kings!! Scrumptious!

kittylover25

Rating: 5 stars

05/18/2009

Super easy and really yummy! One conditon-you must love butter and crab :)

Janea

Rating: 5 stars

02/16/2013

Best meal I have ever made for my family! It was so delishious! Just added a
little Old Bay like the other reviews said. AMAZING!!!!

STARDUST_331

Rating: 5 stars

03/14/2012

The husband went crazy over this sauce. I thought it was too salty (used
salted butter), and will lave out the salt completely next time. Amazing!

RD-D

Rating: 5 stars

07/21/2010

Made this yesterday, and oh my goodness... Delish!! Never made crab legs
before, and this was easy, quick, and very tasty! Thanks Tamaralynn!

shaylahs

Rating: 5 stars

01/24/2013

I only had imitation crab meat, but wanted something yummy. I cooked it with
this recipe and it was pretty good despite the 'fake' meat! It was a little
salty, but that could be because it was imitation meat and not the real thing.

Electa530

Rating: 4 stars

04/25/2011

OMG this was so good! I only wish there was a way to prepare it so the shells
aren't so greasy to crack open... but I will deal with messy hands to get to
this delicious crab meat! Can't wait to make it again.

paulahhhh

Rating: 5 stars

08/13/2014

My husband prefers this with cilantro instead of parsley but I love it as is

Jim O'Shaughnessy

Rating: 5 stars

08/02/2012

I made this as reciepe called for. One word for this sauce SUPERIOR. I am
going to try it with shrimp and scallops next.I ate the whole pound of crab
legs and I wanted more.

Captain Stern

Rating: 5 stars

06/08/2010

This was great! I came home from the market and needed a recipe. Four came up
for crab legs, this one required 1 Lb. of Snow Crab clusters. What I came home
with was 1 Lb. of Snow Crab clusters! I had everything except the clove of
garlic, which I subbed with garlic powder. We thought they came out great! It
was an easy recipe that tasted wonderful. I did up the butter a bit, and threw
in some lemon juice toward the end, but other than that I followed the
instructions as close as I could. Next time I cook crab legs I'm using this
recipe!

Brenda A.

Rating: 5 stars

02/06/2010

Yum. Its the easiest crab recipe Iv ever tried.

Cherrys

Rating: 5 stars

08/15/2009

We've eaten this 4 Saturdays in a row. I think it would be good with scallops
too.

Pat

Rating: 5 stars

02/15/2018

I made it as directed and, again, it was a great hit with hubs. I served it
for his Valentine's Day dinner along with a baked potato, corn bread muffin,
and salad.

Tara L.

Rating: 4 stars

10/04/2009

This was a nice alternative to the usual steamed crab with butter.

LYNN30

Rating: 5 stars

01/13/2013

They were great, Thanks for sharing

SSC368

Rating: 3 stars

03/22/2009

It was alright, wasn't as garlicky as I would have liked. It was a little on
the salty side after doubling the sauce recipe for 2 lbs of crab legs. I used
dungeness crab, don't know if that made a difference. In my opinion, I think
the snow crab legs would have been saltier. Thanks, anyways. I don't think I
will make again.

inounvme

Rating: 5 stars

02/09/2010

I used Old bay, no parsley.

Michelle

Rating: 5 stars

11/27/2014

Excellent! Used this with lobster that was cooked on the grill. Many
compliments on it.

Lul Miaa

Rating: 5 stars

04/30/2020

I substituted Shrimp for the Crab legs and it was delicious. I made my own
dippign sauce for it to top it off.

Shirley Marshall

Rating: 4 stars

04/14/2020

Will definitely make again

Rosaelia ResendizAvila

Rating: 1 stars

04/30/2020

it was okay but not the best.

Just Bella

Rating: 5 stars

06/27/2020

I enjoyed the recipe. I made this for my mom and she loved it. I added shrimp
with the crab, chives and a touch of cilantro with the parsley, butter and
garlic.

Theresa Hall

Rating: 5 stars

04/13/2019

It was amazing I will use this every time I make crab legs from here on out!!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

05/26/2020

No changes made. We cooked both crab and shrimp. It was amazing! I loved the
buttery goodness! Crab is meant to be messy! I didn't even have to dip it in
butter!

Sandra Ann Cross

Rating: 5 stars

01/02/2019

We loved it and plan to cook our crabs this way going forward. My husband kept
saying how much he liked it.

Holly Obrovac

Rating: 5 stars

02/08/2015

Very tasty and very quick and easy. The second time I made it, I used unsalted
butter and left out the salt and added 1 t. dried dill weed and 1/2 t. Old Bay
to the recipe.

sean

Rating: 5 stars

05/13/2019

perfect, you don't even need a dipping sauce

fmarteshia

Rating: 5 stars

12/31/2018

These were so good!

Miss. Fabulous

Rating: 5 stars

10/22/2009

Very Delicious!!!

Dori

Rating: 5 stars

07/04/2018

My husband said these were the best crabs he has ever eaten. The only change I
made was to add old bay seasoning as others had suggested.

TiffanyMD

Rating: 5 stars

08/10/2009

Everyone loved them! So simple but full of flavor.

jessica

Rating: 4 stars

11/20/2009

a little to much garlic for me, but the husband loved!!!

sheshell76

Rating: 5 stars

11/19/2012

Yummy!

Ira

Rating: 5 stars

02/01/2010

First time cooking crab legs and this was very very good! The only thing I was
a bit annoyed at (which isn't the recipe's fault) is that it was a bit hard to
coat the crab legs with the seasoning and butter. Next time I might try a
recipe that has a dipping sauce instead but I would still make this one too!

Allrecipes Community

Rating: 5 stars

05/26/2020

No changes made. We cooked both crab and shrimp. It was amazing! I loved the
buttery goodness! Crab is meant to be messy! I didn't even have to dip it in
butter!

Aiyanna

Rating: 5 stars

08/07/2021

Some of them are already empty, because it smelled so good I couldn’t wait to
eat them lol It tastes soooo good dipping them in the garlic butter !!! I love
themmm

Carrie Smith-Hardee

Rating: 5 stars

03/08/2020

Easy and delicious! I’ve never cooked crab legs in a skillet before. It
totally worked. Added lemon pepper and a squeeze of fresh lemon. Also poured
the extra garlic butter in the pan over white sticky rice with a little added
olive oil and lemon pepper. We were devouring this whole meal!

Julianne Hayhurst

Rating: 5 stars

05/22/2014

It was my first time making crab legs. My brothers and I found this recipe to
use for our mom for Mother's Day. She absolutely loved it! After reading other
reviews, I cooked the shrimp we were also making (for the first time) in the
butter mixture. Everything was outstanding. Two Pieces of Info: 1. Cutting the
slip in the legs makes them harder to crack open when you're eating. 2. You
will be COVERED in butter! Have a lot of extra napkins on hand.

Alyssa Hicks

Rating: 4 stars

06/02/2020

love crab this one not me

vdaza07

Rating: 5 stars

02/01/2015

This was absolutely wonderful! My family loved it. Didn't follow the exact
amount of condiments, added a bit more of the garlic, but it was fabulous.
Thank you!

Carrie Sommerfield

Rating: 5 stars

06/01/2009

Sooo Good!

Cindy

Rating: 4 stars

06/29/2019

All you people that use Old Bay, you must not ’t be from the northeast. I
suspect you’re from Delaware on down. That’s an actual sin in the northeast.
You can always use the sauce for dipping, but steaming is best, and use the
sauce as a dipping sauce. But from the northeast, butter is all you need.
Anything else masks the taste of the king crab legs. Garlic is always great,
but if you get anything from shrimp, scallops, KING crab legs, or the ultimate
lobster, butter is all you need, unless you’re making a scampi! But the garlic
butter is delicious!

Vino

Rating: 5 stars

12/26/2012

outstanding! Easy and simple, I even did my clams with this recipe

R. Chester

Rating: 5 stars

03/06/2019

I made this and it was Wonderful. I really Loved it.

Jenn

Rating: 5 stars

01/05/2020

Tasted great, wouldn't change a thing!

Mensh

Rating: 5 stars

05/05/2020

Overcome the messy shell issue by steaming the crab legs for a bit, removing
the shell and proceeding with the recipe. Add the shells and any liquid from
cooking them when you make the garlic butter sauce. Keeping the shells in the
sauce, lightly saute the "naked legs" in the enhanced garlic butter sauce.
Prepare more legs than anticipated as all gobbled up quickly. It solves the
"messy to eat" issue and hopefully slows down the rate at which the legs are
eaten.

DesireeRenee

Rating: 4 stars

07/07/2014

This was my first time making crab legs and my fiancé and I loved it! However,
I used 1/3 cup of butter and 2 garlic cloves. It was delicious! Definitely
making this again

ruth

Rating: 4 stars

06/20/2009

Delicious and easy. My husband loved them.

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

##  All Reviews for Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

Servings Per Recipe: 2  
Calories: 520.1  

% Daily Value *

protein:  43.6g  87 %

carbohydrates:  1g

dietary fiber:  0.2g  1 %

sugars:  0.1g

fat:  37.5g  58 %

saturated fat:  17.1g  86 %

cholesterol:  274.2mg  91 %

vitamin a iu:  1231.3IU  25 %

niacin equivalents:  17.1mg  132 %

vitamin b6:  0.4mg  26 %

vitamin c:  8mg  13 %

folate:  110mcg  28 %

calcium:  241.6mg  24 %

iron:  2.4mg  13 %

magnesium:  73.1mg  26 %

potassium:  725.7mg  20 %

sodium:  1030.7mg  41 %

calories from fat:  337.4

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 157

Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

1 of 50 Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

Aiyanna

Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

2 of 50 Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

A Lowrey

Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

3 of 50 Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

Luv2Trvl

Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

4 of 50 Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

Allen

Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

5 of 50 Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

jeffvanny

Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

6 of 50 Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

Tasha Jarrett

Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

7 of 50 Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

Brock Hajek (Summer Song)

Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

8 of 50 Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

Queen Dee Cloud

Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

9 of 50 Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

De Janeaú Garay

Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

10 of 50 Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

Alyssa Perales

Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

11 of 50 Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

Recipes

Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

12 of 50 Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

Jami Roberts

Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

13 of 50 Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

Bren

Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

14 of 50 Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

T Freeman Hart

Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

15 of 50 Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

scott1293

Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

16 of 50 Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

Keith Clayton Jr.

Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

17 of 50 Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

maddi

Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

18 of 50 Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

Jspence

Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

19 of 50 Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

arayna randall

Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

20 of 50 Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

Rios

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Crab Legs with Garlic Butter Sauce

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

