https://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/salt-and-pepper-crab


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Recipes & Cooking
  * Drinks
  * Travel
  * Holidays + Events
  * News
  * F&W; Classic
  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Subscribe  Subscribe

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore Food & Wine

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * F&W Cooks

####  F&W; Cooks

Food and Wine presents a new network of food pros delivering the most cookable
recipes and delicious ideas online.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

####  Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

Looking to amp up your beef stew but unsure where to start? A slow cooker can
can take your comfort food to the next level.  Read More

    * 50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

####  50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

We’ve assembled a list of 50 of the world’s most reliable, inexpensive wines –
bottles that offer amazing quality for their price year in and year out.  Read
More

  * Recipes & Cooking

### Recipes & Cooking

See All Recipes & Cooking

    * Chicken
    * Comfort Food
    * Breakfast + Brunch
    * Salads
    * Desserts
    * Vegetables
    * Pasta + Noodles
    * Chefs
    * Meat + Poultry
    * Soup
    * Appetizers
    * Side Dishes
    * Fruits
    * Seafood
    * Special Diets
    * Cooking Techniques
    * Steal This Trick

  * Drinks

### Drinks

See All Drinks

    * Wine
    * Spirits
    * Coffee
    * Juices
    * Beer
    * Champagne + Sparkling Wine
    * Tea

  * Travel

### Travel

See All Travel

    * Wine Regions
    * Restaurants

  * Holidays + Events

### Holidays + Events

See All Holidays + Events

    * Valentine's Day
    * Halloween
    * Passover
    * Hanukkah
    * Christmas
    * Gifts
    * Super Bowl
    * Easter
    * Thanksgiving
    * New Year's Eve
    * Holiday Entertaining

  * News
  * F&W; Classic

### F&W; Classic

See All F&W; Classic

    * F&W; Classic Insider
    * Food & Wine Classic in Aspen

  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Subscribe  this link opens in a new tab

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Salt and Pepper Crab

# Salt and Pepper Crab

Rating: 5 stars

3961 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 3961 
  * 4 star values: 0 
  * 3 star values: 0 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 3,961 Ratings 

**Amazing Seafood Recipes**

By Mai Pham

March 2005

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

## Recipe Summary

active:

29 mins

total:

45 mins

Yield:

4 FIRST-COURSE SERVINGS

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1 Dungeness or Jonah crab (2 1/2 to 3 pounds) 
  * 2 tablespoons vegetable oil 
  * 2 garlic cloves, minced 
  * One 3-inch piece of fresh ginger, peeled and cut into slivers 
  * 1 shallot, minced 
  * 2 teaspoons kosher salt 
  * 1 teaspoon sugar 
  * 1 teaspoon soy sauce 
  * 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper 
  * 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper 
  * 3 tablespoons water 
  * 2 scallions, cut into 2-inch lengths 
  * 4 cilantro sprigs, coarsely chopped 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

In a large pot of boiling water, cook the crab until it turns pink, 8 to 10
minutes; drain. Remove and reserve the tomalley (the greenish liver). Using a
large knife, crack the crab legs at the joints and quarter the body.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Heat the oil in a large skillet. Add the garlic, ginger and shallot and stir-
fry until fragrant, about 15 seconds. Add the reserved tomalley and stir to
break it up. Add the salt, sugar, soy sauce, black pepper, crushed red pepper
and crab and stir-fry until the crab is evenly coated with the seasonings. Add
the water and scallions and cook for 3 minutes. Transfer the crab to a bowl,
garnish with the cilantro and serve with lots of napkins.

Advertisement

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews

Add Rating & Review

Be the first to review! No reviews yet.

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Salt and Pepper Crab

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Salt and Pepper Crab

##  All Reviews for Salt and Pepper Crab

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Food & Wine

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Books from Food & Wine
  * Contact Us
  * Advertise
  * Content Licensing
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithFood & Wine is part of the Meredith Corporation Allrecipes Food Group.
(C) Copyright 2022 Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Privacy
Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in a new
tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis link
opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Food & Wine. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.foodandwine.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Salt and Pepper Crab

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

