https://www.myrecipes.com/recipe/spicy-thai-coconut-chicken-soup


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

MyRecipes MyRecipes

  * Course
  * Baking
  * Global
  * Healthy
  * Favorite Ingredients
  * Holidays and Occasions
  * Quick and Easy
  * Convenience Recipes
  * BBQ and Grilling
  * How To
  * Extra Crispy
  * News

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Account

  * Register
  * Newsletters
  * Email Preferences
  * Logout

Login

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore MyRecipes

MyRecipes MyRecipes

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * 55+ Easy Dinner Recipes for Busy Weeknights

####  55+ Easy Dinner Recipes for Busy Weeknights

Everybody understands the stuggle of getting dinner on the table after a long
day. If you're looking for a simple recipe to simplify your weeknight, you've
come to the right place--easy dinners are our specialty. For an easy supper
that you can depend on, we picked out some of our tried-and-true favorites
that have gotten us through even the busiest of days. Whether you're cooking
for yourself or for a family, these easy dinners are sure to leave everyone
satisfied and stress-free.  Read More

    * The Brilliant Secret to Making Better Mashed Potatoes

####  The Brilliant Secret to Making Better Mashed Potatoes

Trust me, it's so worth it.  Read More

    * 65 Super Easy Finger Foods to Make for Any Party

####  65 Super Easy Finger Foods to Make for Any Party

From chips and dip to one-bite apps, finger foods are the perfect way to kick
off a party. No forks or spoons required, just easy-to-pick-up party foods, so
you can clean up in no time.  Read More

  * Course

### Course

See All Course

    * Best Appetizer Recipes...Ever
    * Best Drink Recipes for Any Occasion
    * Salad Recipes
    * The Ultimate Guide to Sensational Sides
    * Soup and Stew Recipes
    * Easy Entertaining for Everyone
    * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes
    * Main Dishes and Entrees
    * Dinner Recipes
    * Dessert Recipes

  * Baking

### Baking

See All Baking

    * Bread Recipes
    * Our Most-Loved Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Pie Recipes

  * Global

### Global

See All Global

    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes
    * Middle Eastern Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Malaysian Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * Chinese Recipes
    * African Recipes
    * American Recipes
    * Cajun and Creole Recipes
    * Caribbean Recipes
    * South American Recipes
    * Southern Recipes
    * German Recipes

  * Healthy

### Healthy

See All Healthy

    * Easy, Healthy Recipes
    * Healthy Breakfasts
    * Healthy Dinners
    * Healthy Desserts
    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Diet and Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Low Carbohydrate Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Favorite Ingredients

### Favorite Ingredients

See All Favorite Ingredients

    * The Ultimate Guide to Chicken
    * Vegetable Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Cheese Recipes
    * Chocolate Recipes
    * Pasta Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Holidays and Occasions

### Holidays and Occasions

See All Holidays and Occasions

    * A Foodie's Guide to Halloween Recipes
    * The Ultimate Thanksgiving Guide
    * Hanukkah Recipes
    * Your Ultimate Christmas Recipe Guide
    * Our Most Festive New Year's Recipes
    * Best-Ever Super Bowl Sunday Recipes
    * Best Valentine's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * The Ultimate Guide to Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Labor Day Recipes
    * The Ultimate Fourth of July Guide
    * Memorial Day Recipes
    * Touchdown-Worthy Tailgate Recipes
    * Wedding and Shower Recipes

  * Quick and Easy

### Quick and Easy

See All Quick and Easy

    * 15-Minute Recipes for Busy Home Cooks
    * 5 Ingredients or Less
    * Dinner Tonight
    * No-Cook Recipes
    * 45-Minute Recipes

  * Convenience Recipes

### Convenience Recipes

See All Convenience Recipes

    * Budget-Friendly Recipes
    * Our Top Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Our Favorite Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes

  * BBQ and Grilling

### BBQ and Grilling

See All BBQ and Grilling

    * Grilled Beef Recipes
    * Grilled Fish Recipes
    * Grilled Shrimp Recipes
    * Grilled Chicken Recipes
    * Grilled Pork Recipes
    * Grilled Vegetable Recipes

  * How To

### How To

See All How To

    * 7 Ways With...
    * Videos
    * Ingredients and Tools
    * Kitchen Cleaning

  * Extra Crispy
  * News

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Account

  * Register
  * Newsletters
  * Email Preferences
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Spicy Thai Coconut Chicken Soup

# Spicy Thai Coconut Chicken Soup

Rating: 4.5 stars

85 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 61 
  * 4 star values: 13 
  * 3 star values: 9 
  * 2 star values: 2 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 85 Ratings 
  * 64 Reviews 

Coconut milk tames the heat and combines deliciously with shredded chicken
breast in Spicy Thai Coconut Chicken Soup.

By David Bonom

Recipe by Cooking Light January 2012

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Read the full recipe after the video.

## Recipe Summary

hands-on:

25 mins

total:

32 mins

Yield:

Serves 4 (serving size: about 1 1/3 cups)

Nutrition Info

Spicy Thai Coconut Chicken Soup image

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * 2 teaspoons canola oil 
  * 1 cup sliced mushrooms 
  * ½ cup chopped red bell pepper 
  * 4 teaspoons minced peeled fresh ginger 
  * 4 garlic cloves, minced 
  * 1 (3-inch) stalk lemongrass, halved lengthwise 
  * 2 teaspoons sambal oelek (ground fresh chile paste) 
  * 3 cups Chicken Stock or fat-free, lower-sodium chicken broth
  * 1 ¼ cups light coconut milk 
  * 4 teaspoons fish sauce 
  * 1 tablespoon sugar 
  * 2 cups shredded cooked chicken breast (about 8 ounces) 
  * ½ cup green onion strips 
  * 3 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro 
  * 2 tablespoons fresh lime juice 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Heat a Dutch oven over medium heat. Add oil to pan; swirl to coat. Add
mushrooms and the next 4 ingredients (through lemongrass); cook 3 minutes,
stirring occasionally. Add chile paste; cook 1 minute. Add Chicken Stock,
coconut milk, fish sauce, and sugar; bring to a simmer. Reduce heat to low;
simmer for 10 minutes. Add chicken to pan; cook 1 minute or until thoroughly
heated. Discard lemongrass. Top with onions, cilantro, and juice.

Advertisement

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

224 calories; fat 9g; saturated fat 4.5g; mono fat 2.4g; poly fat 1.3g;
protein 22.7g; carbohydrates 15g; fiber 1.1g; cholesterol 58mg; iron 1.1mg;
sodium 463mg; calcium 35mg.

Advertisement

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews (64)

Add Rating & Review

Sort by:  Newest

Newest Oldest

MyRecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

05/24/2022

Love this recipe as written, but always double as it’s so good! Nicely spiced,
we make it with a side of rice and it’s all you need for a healthy meal.

Breanna

Rating: 5 stars

03/06/2022

Love this soup! I’ve made it several times and don’t feel the need to veer
from the recipe as written. I double the recipe so we have more leftovers
though. It’s become a staple for us and is easily prepared on a weeknight. The
prep is simple but I do find grating the ginger to be my least favorite part!
I thought about getting prepared ginger paste but the fresh ginger can’t be
beat.

Jo

Rating: 5 stars

12/10/2021

I made some minor changes because I don't like buying a container of
something, using half of it and then throwing the rest away when I don't use
it. So I used an 8 oz pkg of mushrooms (probably twice as many as called for),
an entire red pepper instead of 1/2 cup, an entire bunch of green onions
chopped, a whole can of light coconut milk and one can of chicken broth since
others suggested using less than three cups. I like spicy food so I used two
tablespoons of sambal oelek instead of two teaspoons and it was delightfully
spicy. At first I thought it was too spicy but it seemed to mellow. So with
the above disclaimer about how I didn't make the recipe exactly as written, I
will say this soup was superb. I will be making it regularly from now on - so
quick and easy (I used rotisserie chicken breast).

MyRecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

03/29/2021

l make a lot of Thai dishes, and this was the most flavourful of any lve ever
made (over 40 yrs !) l followed the recipe, but reduced the stock + coconut
milk as l wanted it to be a Thai curry (rather than this soup recipe). lts my
number 1 Thai Curry recipe. Thank you, and greetings from warm sunny Costa
Blanca !

Hilogirl1570

Rating: 5 stars

11/12/2020

I followed the recipe exactly as written and usually do that the first time.
Used shredded rotisserie chicken instead of cooking it. That helped with the
time. I didn’t think it was spicy enough so took the jar of sambal oelek and
was trying to tap some in from the jar. A huge dollop dropped in which made it
too spicy. Had to add a little more sugar to even out the spice. We loved this
soup. Served it over leftover jasmine rice.

BWinCA

Rating: 5 stars

11/06/2018

****I made this tonight and my wife and I loved it. I make a lot of Thai food
and soup and this was right up there as one of the best soups.

  

There was one thing I did differently. I seared the chicken in a wok first, in
order to get the Maillard Effect, and cooked it to about 75%, and then put it
in the soup with the shrimp and had it simmer in it. The different textures
and tastes were amazing. Thanks for the recipe!

  

  

veryslowcook

Rating: 5 stars

09/04/2017

****We love the flavors of Thai food & this did not disappoint. Used chicken
broth, and decreased the ginger and sugar to suit our tastes. Doubled the
mushrooms (used button mushrooms, but shiitake or straw mushrooms could be
delightful). I used heaping teaspoons of samal oelek, and it had just the
right amount of spicy heat for us. I also used very mild jalapenos out of our
garden instead of red bell pepper.

Spade

Rating: 5 stars

08/21/2017

****Followed all the steps in order and was so pleased with how this turned
out. Omitted lemongrass, substituted sea salt for fish sauce, brown sugar for
white sugar, and fresh basil for cilantro. Also added a dash of curry. Served
with fresh basil, lime juice and srirachi. It was delicious. Will definitely
make this again.

joline

Rating: 5 stars

07/20/2016

****This is really good! I had to do things just a little different though
because of what I had on hand (too horrible of a day to go to the store!). I
used frozen lemongrass, and powdered ginger (blasphemous, I know!!!). Also,
instead of chili paste, I used red curry paste. I also used pork tenderloin
instead, boiled it until tender, cut it up and then used the broth water for a
broth instead of chicken broth. I also used an entire can of coconut milk (I
hate having leftovers from cans!). I then served it over a bed or rice
vermicelli noodles. Yummy!!!!

Monica25

Rating: 5 stars

05/31/2016

****I make it with Salmon. Excellent👍

Madison

Rating: 4 stars

06/20/2015

****Had a really good taste. I added more chili paste and did, as other
reviews said, put 2 cups of chicken broth instead of 3. It was delicious and
would make it again.

sarakratz

Rating: 4 stars

04/28/2015

****Subtle flavors. Substituted shrimp (might be a little plain with chicken).
Used 2 cans broth and the whole can of lite coconut milk. Was a bit thin but
still tasty. Served over brown rice.  

jferchick

Rating: Unrated

04/17/2015

Typo...gone not fine...sorry my phone corrects itself and sub's whatever it
sees fit.lol

TexasEx2001

Rating: 3 stars

02/27/2015

So this doesn't look anything like the picture so don't concentrate on it too
much. I think I added too much chicken because it was more of a stew than a
soup. Taste was great though. I did add extra chili paste because it wasn't
spicy enough. Next time I'll decrease the chicken stock as suggested.

steponme

Rating: 3 stars

09/17/2014

Added a little over a cup of fresh broccoli in the last simmer. Good, quick,
weeknight meal.

hobbybaker

Rating: 5 stars

04/08/2014

Hubby and I loved it, daughters 6 and 9 liked it too. I used a picked roasted
chicken but otherwise followed as written. We enjoyed the leftovers both as
soup and like a curry, served over rice. It's a definite keeper.

yana18

Rating: 5 stars

02/13/2014

My husband and I absolutely loved this soup! The taste is unbelievable and
addicting. I am making another batch the next day after making the first.

Suze02

Rating: 4 stars

01/20/2014

Great fresh flavors, made exactly as written except a little extra chicken
because the breast was so large (11 oz) and to make it a meal. It was not at
all spicy--not sure if my red chile paste was not very spicy, but next time I
will add way more or search out some better chile paste.

neensbeans

Rating: 3 stars

10/31/2013

This was really good, with a few tweaks. I added some noodles to make it
heartier, and added extra fish sauce and cilantro before serving to give it a
little extra pop. I also reduced the light coconut milk by about 1/3 before
adding the other ingredients, to concentrate the flavor and reduce the
wateriness, and I added only about 2 cups of broth since a lot of reviewers
thought it was too brothy.

sarahjones123

Rating: 4 stars

09/30/2013

Very good and flavorful~!

annamroz

Rating: 5 stars

09/26/2013

Great Soup

davidz

Rating: 4 stars

04/09/2013

This was really good and very easy to prepare. My wife and I both loved this.

OceanOwl

Rating: 5 stars

02/24/2013

This was a hit, plain and simple. Great use of rotisserie chicken. I will
definitely make this again.

Gustaf

Rating: 5 stars

12/30/2012

Love this recipe! Added pho noodles, which tends to sop up a lot of the
liquid, so I added a little extra stock and coconut milk.

LaurafromVA

Rating: 5 stars

10/19/2012

Loved this soup so much last week, I am making it again today (before my
leftover lemongrass goes bad)! My BF was very excited because he loves this
type of soup, but has a mild fish allergy and can not usually eat the
restaurant version. We replaced the fish sauce with Ponzu sauce (think soy
sauce plus lime), and it was great! He requested more lemongrass this batch,
but I thought it was perfect with the original recipe. Also great as
leftovers. We used "Caribbean Lime" rotisserie chicken from the store.

GayleR

Rating: 4 stars

10/12/2012

Pretty good, even though I left out the garlic, lemongrass, cilantro, and lime
juice. VERY spicy, even though I only used half the chile paste.

TianaD

Rating: 4 stars

10/10/2012

Made this and the husband loved it. Only changes I made were reducing the
amount of chicken stock from 3 cups to 2, and I added 3 kaffir lime leaves for
a more authentic Thai flavor...they are a must in any Thai curry. Other than
that, it was fantastic. Will make again.

sukeedog

Rating: 4 stars

09/08/2012

Yum! This is VERY similar to CL's Coconut Red Curry Hot Pot with Braised
Chicken and Mushrooms (October 2010), which calls for red curry paste instead
of sambal oelek and also has some rice noodles thrown in. We prefer that
recipe to this one, simply because the ratio of broth to coconut milk is more
even (so you can actually taste the coconut!). This recipe is super tasty,
too, but I'd definitely try the other if you're looking for an obvious coconut
flavor. It's subtle here. This recipe wins in terms of prep time, though -
really fast and easy!

jessiee223

Rating: 5 stars

08/05/2012

This was so fantastic. I followed the recipe pretty closely and couldn't think
of a single thing I would change. Preparation was a little time consuming, but
well worth it once the family tasted it!

PKFletcher

Rating: 5 stars

05/28/2012

I have made this four times already. It is really delicious and quick to make.
If you are not watching calories, regular coconut milk makes this taste so, so
good.

ttsholland

Rating: 5 stars

05/10/2012

LOVE this recipe! didn't change a thing

Cookingnskiing

Rating: 5 stars

04/24/2012

Great, wouldn't change a thing. Very spicy.

nellielingwall

Rating: 5 stars

04/19/2012

it was fabulous. i wondered if anyone else noticed that the picture for the
recipe looked like it had curry in it? with or without curry, i loved it. i
will add more chile paste next time. we had it with sticky rice and cucumber.

saracat

Rating: 5 stars

03/29/2012

Excellent soup! I used 1 tbsp of lime juice and I thought it was plenty.
Served with Thai Shrimp and Tofu with Asparagus. Will make again.

Christine8633

Rating: 5 stars

03/15/2012

This is our new favorite soup recipe. It gets rave reviews everytime. We make
it just as the recipe says, though sometimes we make a brown rice and put it
in the bottom of the bowl when we serve. Delicious!!!!

Ashley456

Rating: 5 stars

03/05/2012

This soup is very good! I used a little less fish sauce than the recipe called
for (I was afraid my boyfriend wouldn't eat it if it smelled too much like
fish sauce) and I didn't use lemongrass because my grocery was out of it, and
it was still great! I also added a little cooked white rice to it, to bulk it
up. I love how it has got a little kick and unique flavors. I'm a huge fan of
soup in the winter and come February I'm looking for something new to switch
up the usual chicken noodle and chili. This hit the spot! Definitely keeping
this one around.

RiaTreur

Rating: 5 stars

02/26/2012

Delicious filling soup. I did just a little of the Sambal Oelek, because I
don't like too spicy. I definitely will make this soup again.

Summermoon

Rating: 5 stars

02/26/2012

This soup is awesome! I didn't want to waste what remained of the can coconut
milk, so I dumped the remainder in soup pot. I think that made it even better!

doctormom

Rating: 5 stars

02/25/2012

This recipe was really quite delicious. I followed other reviewers suggestions
and I think it was perfect. I only used 1 T of fish sauce. I'm not a fan of
hot/spicy but I think it needed some chili to balance the flavors. I used 1-2
t. of garlic chili pepper sauce instead of the sambal oelek because I was
afraid of it. The broth was rather thin so I added 1 bunch of cooked somen
noodles and put a big handful of fresh baby spinach in the bowl before pouring
in the soup. The color was nice. I would probably add more mushrooms and red
peppers next time. The toppings at the end really bring it together, don't
skimp!

DaniLynnR

Rating: 5 stars

02/17/2012

I am literally eating this right now, and it is so good that I felt compelled
to leave a review of it. I didn't have Sambal Olek (couldn't find it in 2
grocery stores), so I used red curry paste and one tsp. of ground red pepper
instead. For the chicken, I boiled the chicken breasts in no salt added
chicken broth with some black pepper and garlic. I will definitely make this
again. Don't skip the toppings at the end, it really brought everything
together.

jet122179

Rating: 5 stars

02/16/2012

I made this for dinner tonight and it was awesome. I added more Sambal and
some red curry paste. It also needs a pinch or two of salt. That could be why
some thought it lacked flavor. Always season your food! :) I would definitely
make this again!

lbptalk

Rating: 5 stars

02/16/2012

Just love this. Noodles are great but they nearly double the calories -- I put
a handful of baby spinach in the bottom of the bowl before I add the soup.
Pretty and delish!!!

Uriel123

Rating: 5 stars

02/11/2012

This soup is simple to prepare. It uses leftover chicken (I used a store
bought Rotisserie) and it is inexpensive. The third time I prepared this
recipe, I was out of chicken stock and used vegetable stock instead. Still
outstanding!

Lisajo31

Rating: 5 stars

02/04/2012

I love this soup and so do the family members that I shared it with. I added
Udon noodles and it was even better. Very easy!

BusyBoyMom

Rating: 4 stars

02/01/2012

Soup was easy to make, but a bit lacking on flavor. It also needs noodles to
fill up the loose broth. Next time I will increase some of the
spices/ingredients to make it a richer flavor and reduce the number of
scallions per serving.

Emscot20

Rating: 5 stars

01/31/2012

Really good. Better than some restaurants.

JanetinWa2

Rating: 4 stars

01/30/2012

The combination of flavors in this soup recipe are terrific. We thought the
soup was too broth-y. Next time will try it with rice noodles, as one reviewer
suggested.

Jaymie

Rating: 2 stars

01/29/2012

Was just ok - followed recipe precisely; was not very spicy and broth was
watery. It was easy though, and relatively quick. Mushrooms were nice
addition.

Kfrau13

Rating: 5 stars

01/24/2012

This is delicious. If other reviewers feel it lacks oomph, I think it's the
chicken broth. I use penzys paste with water and it gives it depth. Also gives
a bit more sodium but if you're aware of that, it's worth it for the flavor.
So easy and wonderfully satisfying. Used rotisserie for convenience.

daisy1821

Rating: 3 stars

01/23/2012

Nice, not what you get at the Thai restaurant but for a light, easy to make-
at-home recipe its pretty tasty! For my pregnant palate I would have cut back
on the sambal to 1 tsp and I also added some rice noodles/glass noodles to
make it a more substantial meal. Since I found lemongrass and am freezing
remainder I will probably make again.

scargosun

Rating: 3 stars

01/22/2012

Well...it is not Tom Ka Gai. It is a good start for a lighter Thai soup
though. Like another reviewer mentioned, this is a huge fave at Thai
restaurants and I was looking forward to seeing if it really could be a
lighter version. It isn't really. Some of the elements are there but it was
lacking the flavor power behind the creaminess of the coconut milk. Maybe more
chili paste, kaffir lime leaves... I am going to look at the regular version
and see if I can't amp it up a bit but keep the lighter milk. Am also going to
see if the leftovers are better. If you have not had this soup at a
restaurant, you should try the recipe here if you like the elements. Served
with an Asian slaw and potstickers. That was a good combo for a nice size
dinner.

promogal

Rating: 5 stars

01/16/2012

Great flavor. Will make this again. We got 3 servings filling 3/4 of each bowl
out this batch (not 4 srvgs); it was a meager dinner--drank some water to get
full. A simple salad on the side would of helped. Next time I will double the
recipe as it was a lot of cutting/chopping and leftovers would have been nice
and a full bowl of soup. Will reduce fish sauce from 4 tsp to 3 tsp next time.

beckzim

Rating: 5 stars

01/15/2012

My husband and I loved this soup. The flavor was so good, that a week later we
made it again with a few tweaks. The second time, I made it into more of a
curry. I added 2 tsp. red curry paste, a bit of wondra for thickening, and
only added 1/2 to 1 cup of chicken stock. Also, instead of chicken, I added
uncooked shrimp once the sauce was to the thickness I wanted. It was
fantastic. We'll make it for some of our friends.

ilove2eat

Rating: 5 stars

01/15/2012

We loved this soup. I had no lemon grass and had to cut back the spicy sambal
oelek for the sake of my sensitive stomach. The flavor was fantastic! We can't
wait to eat the leftovers for lunch tomorrow. I echo the person who said the
broth was so good she wanted to lick the bowl. haha. In this case I knew we'd
both be extra hungry and I didn't have as much chicken as the recipe called
for, I added a little tofu and some extra veggies and some cooked brown rice
to make the meal a little bulkier.

mllemadison

Rating: 5 stars

01/13/2012

This was ridiculously good! Also found this recipe for cooking the chicken
breasts (delicious, but not as light as the rest of the recipe) -
http://www.thekitchn.com/super-kitchen-m-36891

DianaLinsowe

Rating: 5 stars

01/13/2012

This soup was fabulous, I didn't use fish sauce, only because I didn't have
any. I couldn't find fresh lemon grass but found it in a tube, so I used 1T of
that. We also added some noodle. The family loved it, we will definately make
this again.

SallyM2

Rating: 5 stars

01/11/2012

Made this last night and it is AMAZING!!!! The broth is to die for I all but
licked my bowl clean. Even with the mushrooms it was wonderful.......AND I am
NOT a mushroom fan at all. I did cut the red bell pepper into smaller pieces
neither one of us are fond of huge chunks of bell pepper.

love2coooook

Rating: 3 stars

01/09/2012

Rarely, and I mean it may never have even happened yet, do I give 3 stars but
this recipe just wasn't quite there for me. One of my VERY favorite things to
order at a Thai restaurant and I was really excited to make it at home. I
think my problem was the fish sauce....next time I might try a little less.
Probably more of a mental thing as I'm sure the restaurant version has this
ingredient, but it's a bit different adding it myself. Don't let my review
discourage you...it was still good, I just might tweak it a bit the next time
:)

LRP20148

Rating: 5 stars

01/08/2012

My husband said it was "restaurant quality".

daneanp

Rating: 4 stars

01/02/2012

Good flavors in this soup. I made a double batch. I wanted it to be a little
creamier - probably the light coconut milk. A bit of a process to do on a work
night, unless you buy a cooked chicken at the market. But a wonderful weekend
soup. Served with a tossed green salad. Thanks Cooking Light!

ClaraP

Rating: 5 stars

01/02/2012

Made this tonight and it was fantastic. Followed the recepie except for the
lemongrass stalk, I used the minced type you get in a tube at the market ( I
used 1 tsp). My husband loved it as well and thought it was very hearty. A
great light dinner on a day when you might have otherwise overindulged.

greeneyes2714

Rating: 5 stars

12/31/2011

This soup has a wonderful balance of fresh flavors. I made it for the first
time last night and followed the recipe exactly as written, except I put in
more chicken. (I used about 3 cups of shredded rotisserie chicken breast.) My
husband declared this dish an A+ and requested it again tonight for our New
Year's Eve dinner. We just enjoyed our second night in a row of this soup for
dinner and we all loved it again. Definitely as good, if not better, than
anything you'll get in a restaurant!

MrsCupcake

Rating: 5 stars

12/29/2011

This had a wonderful flavor and just the right amount of kick. I did use twice
the amount of lemongrass. I used a rotisserie chicken from the grocery store
to make this very quickly and easily. Baby bella mushrooms tasted great... and
I don't like mushrooms.

freckles11

Rating: 4 stars

12/27/2011

Soup is very flavorful and quick to make. I used chicken tenders to quickly
cook and shred. This will be a go to recipe that's tasty!

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Spicy Thai Coconut Chicken Soup

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Spicy Thai Coconut Chicken Soup

##  All Reviews for Spicy Thai Coconut Chicken Soup

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

MyRecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithMyRecipes.com is part of the Allrecipes Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporation. MyRecipes is a registered trademark of Meredith
Corporation All Rights Reserved. MyRecipes may receive compensation for some
links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to
change without notice.  Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of
Servicethis link opens in a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab
California Do Not Sellthis link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis
link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 MyRecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.myrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Spicy Thai Coconut Chicken Soup

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

