https://www.marthastewart.com/340267/thai-chicken-soup


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Martha Stewart Martha Stewart

  * FOOD
  * HOLIDAYS
  * ENTERTAINING
  * HOME
  * GARDENING
  * CLEANING & ORGANIZING
  * WEDDINGS
  * SHOP
  * DIY
  * BEAUTY & WELLNESS
  * LIFE
  * NEWS
  * MARTHA'S BLOG
  * About Us

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Martha's Blog

Your Account

Your Account

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Email Preferences
  * Newsletter
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us
  * Your Content
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Enter to Win $10,000 to Makeover Your Home!
  * Martha's Blog
  * Weddings

Login

Pin

Close this dialog window

## Explore Martha Stewart

Martha Stewart Martha Stewart

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * 7 Things to Do in the Morning to Be Healthier and More Productive

####  7 Things to Do in the Morning to Be Healthier and More Productive

Kick-start your day by making habits out of these mood-boosting tips.  Read
More

    * Should You Refrigerate Bananas?

####  Should You Refrigerate Bananas?

It's one of your favorite fruits, but does it belong on the counter or in the
refrigerator?  Read More

    * This 3-Ingredient Homemade Weed Killer Uses Vinegar to Safely Remove Pesky Growths from Your Garden

####  This 3-Ingredient Homemade Weed Killer Uses Vinegar to Safely Remove
Pesky Growths from Your Garden

A few easy-to-find ingredients are all you need to create a powerful formula
that squashes weeds.  Read More

  * FOOD

### FOOD

See All FOOD

Our 20 Most Popular Recipes for Summer

####  Our 20 Most Popular Recipes for Summer

    * Breakfast & Brunch Recipes
    * Lunch Recipes
    * Dinner Recipes
    * Appetizers & Snacks
    * Dessert Recipes
    * Drink Recipes
    * Salad Recipes
    * Side Dishes
    * Soup Recipes
    * Healthy Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes
    * Cooking How-Tos
    * Baking
    * Menu Planning
    * Food News & Trends
    * Wine
    * Mastering the Holiday Meal
    * What's for Dinner
    * All Recipes

  * HOLIDAYS

### HOLIDAYS

See All HOLIDAYS

The Most Patriotic Flowers for the Fourth of July, According to Symbolism

####  The Most Patriotic Flowers for the Fourth of July, According to
Symbolism

Show your love of country by displaying these varieties on America's birthday.

    * Father's Day
    * Fourth of July
    * Halloween
    * Thanksgiving
    * Hanukkah
    * Christmas
    * New Year's Eve
    * Valentine's Day
    * St. Patricks Day
    * Passover
    * Easter
    * Mother's Day

  * ENTERTAINING

### ENTERTAINING

See All ENTERTAINING

How to Start Entertaining Friends and Family More Regularly

####  How to Start Entertaining Friends and Family More Regularly

Make gathering with loved ones a priority.

    * Seasonal Entertaining & Decorating
    * Baby Shower Ideas
    * Dinner Party Ideas
    * You're Invited

  * HOME

### HOME

See All HOME

We're Putting Up Walls Again—Is the Open Floor Plan on Its Way Out?

####  We're Putting Up Walls Again—Is the Open Floor Plan on Its Way Out?

We asked the experts to weigh in on this popular home design concept.

    * Home Design & Decor
    * Paint Colors & Palettes
    * DIY Home Projects
    * The Well-Kept Home

  * GARDENING

### GARDENING

See All GARDENING

A Month-by-Month Hydrangea Care Guide

####  A Month-by-Month Hydrangea Care Guide

Confused about when to do what to your favorite flowering shrubs? We have you
covered.

    * Container Gardening
    * Flower Gardens
    * Houseplants
    * Landscaping
    * Vegetable Gardens

  * CLEANING & ORGANIZING

### CLEANING & ORGANIZING

How to Wash Pillows

####  How to Wash Pillows

They're an essential element of a comfortable bed, so keep yours fresh and in
their best shape ever with these expert-approved tips.

    * Cleaning
    * Storage & Organization
    * Laundry & Linens

  * WEDDINGS

### WEDDINGS

See All WEDDINGS

Who Pays for What for the Wedding?

####  Who Pays for What for the Wedding?

Get the traditional rules for who pays for the wedding details.

    * Real Weddings
    * Wedding Party
    * Wedding Planning & Advice
    * Wedding Ceremony & Reception
    * Wedding Jewelry
    * Dresses & Style
    * Wedding Beauty & Wellness
    * Wedding Registry
    * Wedding Showers & Parties
    * Love & Marriage
    * Wedding Travel

  * SHOP
  * DIY

### DIY

See All DIY

How to Melt and Reuse the Leftover Wax from Candles

####  How to Melt and Reuse the Leftover Wax from Candles

Our easy melt-and-pour method saves the last bit of this home essential.

    * Dyeing
    * Holiday Crafts
    * Kids' Crafts
    * Knitting
    * Paper Crafts
    * Sewing
    * Rescue & Revamp

  * BEAUTY & WELLNESS

### BEAUTY & WELLNESS

Can Rice Water Really Encourage Hair Growth?

####  Can Rice Water Really Encourage Hair Growth?

This buzzy ingredient is a star player in many new-age hair care products.

    * Beauty
    * Health & Wellness
    * Live Well

  * LIFE

### LIFE

See All LIFE

    * Family
    * Pets
    * Travel
    * Net Worth

  * NEWS
  * MARTHA'S BLOG
  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Martha's Blog

Your Account

Your Account

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Email Preferences
  * Newsletter
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us
  * Your Content
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Enter to Win $10,000 to Makeover Your Home!
  * Martha's Blog
  * Weddings

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. marthastewart.com
  2. Food & Cooking
  3. Recipes
  4. Soups, Stews & Stocks
  5. Soup Recipes
  6. Thai Chicken Soup

# Thai Chicken Soup

Rating: 3.45 stars

11 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 1 
  * 4 star values: 5 
  * 3 star values: 3 
  * 2 star values: 2 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review

  * 11 Ratings 
  * 4 Reviews 

Ginger and chiles give this Southeast Asian rendition its aroma and spice,
while lemongrass lends the soup a seductive floral note. By swapping the
traditional seasonings for more exotic ones, you achieve a soup that's just as
soothing as the original but with nuanced layers of flavors.

Martha Stewart Living, January 2010

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Thai Chicken Soup

## Recipe Summary

Servings:

6

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1 whole chicken (about 4 pounds), cut into pieces (including back) 
  * 8 cups water 
  * Coarse salt 
  * 4 garlic cloves, smashed 
  * 4 thin slices fresh ginger, plus 1 tablespoon thin matchsticks 
  * 3 shallots, thinly sliced 
  * 1/2 bunch fresh cilantro (2 cups packed) 
  * 2 large lemongrass stalks, yellow and pale-green parts only, sliced crosswise (1/2 cup), plus 1 tablespoon very thinly sliced 
  * 3 strips (2 inches each) lime zest plus 2 tablespoons juice (from 2 limes) 
  * 1 or 2 fresh green Thai chiles, thinly sliced 
  * 1 tablespoon Asian fish sauce 
  * Garnish: chopped fresh cilantro and lime wedges 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Bring chicken, water, and 1 1/2 teaspoons salt to a boil in a large stockpot.
Skim foam. Add garlic, ginger slices, shallots, cilantro, 1/2 cup lemongrass,
and the lime zest. Reduce heat. Simmer, partially covered, for 30 minutes.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Remove breast, and set aside. Simmer, partially covered, for 30 minutes.

  * Step 3

Strain soup through a sieve. Reserve legs and thighs, and discard remaining
solids. Return soup to stockpot. Let chicken cool slightly. Remove meat from
bones, and slice.

  * Step 4

Stir chiles, ginger matchsticks, and sliced lemongrass into strained soup.
Simmer for 10 minutes. Skim fat. Stir in lime juice and fish sauce. Season
with salt. Garnish with cilantro, and serve with lime wedges.

Advertisement

##  Reviews (4)

Add Rating & Review

11 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 1 
  * 4 star values: 5 
  * 3 star values: 3 
  * 2 star values: 2 
  * 1 star values: 0 

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: 5 stars

11/04/2019

I made this soup with half the quantities mentioned for my husband and I, it
turned out so delicious. With this recipe you can achieve that thai restaurant
like taste and aroma, its so perfect!

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

05/28/2012

Found it bland-would never make again.

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

08/01/2010

Love this soup. It gets rave reviews when I serve it. I offer rice on the side
for people who want chicken and rice soup for a more filling dish.

Advertisement

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

05/05/2010

I love this soup! It's no fail, you don't need to have all the exact
ingredients and it still tastes good! You can use pretty much any chile pepper
or onion and sometimes I add rice noodles to it, and I don't strain it. Also I
think it's easier to eat if you shred the chicken instead of chunky sliced
like in the picture.

Back to Thai Chicken Soup

##  All Reviews for Thai Chicken Soup

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Back to Recipe

##  Review this recipe

Thai Chicken Soup

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Submit

Success!Thanks for adding your feedback.

Martha Stewart

##

## Learn More

  * Contact Us
  * Customer Service
  * Media Kit
  * Martha's Blog
  * Advertise
  * Content Licensing
  * FAQ
  * Corporate
  * International
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithMartha Stewart is part of the Meredith Home Group. © Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policythis link opens in a
new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens
in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis link opens a modal window Web
Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Martha Stewart. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.marthastewart.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Thai Chicken Soup

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

