https://damndelicious.net/2018/04/18/thai-red-curry-noodle-soup/


Skip to Main Content

__Search

____

  * Home
  * Browse Recipes
    * Recipes by Category
      * appetizer
      * asian inspired
      * breakfast
      * freezer friendly
      * instant pot
      * meal prep
      * quick & easy
      * side dish
      * slow cooker
      * soup
      * MORE…
    * Recipes by Season
      * christmas
      * fall
      * game day
      * summer
      * thanksgiving
      * MORE
    * Recipes by Ingredient
    * View All Recipes »
  * Cookbook
    * Damn Delicious
    * Damn Delicious Meal Prep
  * About
    * About Chungah
    * Meet Our Team
    * FAQ
    * Press
    * Contact

##### Follow Me!

____ ____ ____ ____ ____ ____

____ ____ ____ ____ ____ ____

__Search

  * Home
  * Browse Recipes
    * Recipes by Category
      * appetizer
      * asian inspired
      * breakfast
      * freezer friendly
      * instant pot
      * meal prep
      * quick & easy
      * side dish
      * slow cooker
      * soup
      * MORE…
    * Recipes by Season
      * christmas
      * fall
      * game day
      * summer
      * thanksgiving
      * MORE
    * Recipes by Ingredient
    * View All Recipes »
  * Cookbook
    * Damn Delicious
    * Damn Delicious Meal Prep
  * About
    * About Chungah
    * Meet Our Team
    * FAQ
    * Press
    * Contact

## Get the _Latest recipes_ right in your inbox:

Sign Up __

# Thai Red Curry Noodle Soup

__763 _Comments »_

  * Pinterest1.3M
  * Facebook14.4K
  * Twitter
  * Email

_Yes, you can have Thai takeout right at home! This soup is packed with so
much flavor with bites of tender chicken, rice noodles, cilantro, basil and
lime juice! So cozy, comforting and fragrant - plus, it's easy enough for any
night of the week!_

It's been about 6 weeks since our Thailand trip.

And yes, I needed a teeny tiny break from Thai food. But let's be real. That
only lasted like 0.2345 seconds.

So I'm back on the Thai food binge for the foreseeable future, starting with
this noodle soup.

Now you know I love a red curry. But I love it even more with rice noodles.

It's so cozy, it's so comforting, and it's so fragrant with all the cilantro,
basil and lime juice. Although I always add a little bit of extra lime juice
to my bowl for that extra zesty kick!

## Thai Red Curry Noodle Soup

 **Yield:** 6 servings (8 cups)

 **prep time:** 15 minutes

 **cook time:** 35 minutes

 **total time:** 50 minutes

Yes, you can have Thai takeout right at home! This soup is packed with so much
flavor with bites of tender chicken, rice noodles, cilantro, basil and lime
juice! So cozy, comforting and fragrant - plus, it's easy enough for any night
of the week!

4.91 stars (412 ratings)

__Print Recipe

asian inspired

Thai Red Curry Noodle Soup

15 minutes35 minutes

Chungah Rhee

### Ingredients:

  * 1 tablespoon olive oil
  * 1 1/2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breast, cut into 1-inch chunks
  * Kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper, to taste
  * 3 garlic cloves, minced
  * 1 red bell pepper, diced
  * 1 onion, diced
  * 3 tablespoons red curry paste
  * 1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger
  * 6 cups low sodium chicken broth
  * 1 (13.5-ounce) can coconut milk
  * 1/2 (8-ounce) package rice noodles
  * 1 tablespoon fish sauce
  * 2 teaspoons brown sugar
  * 3 green onions, thinly sliced
  * 1/2 cup chopped fresh cilantro leaves
  * 1/4 cup chopped fresh basil leaves
  * 2 tablespoons freshly squeezed lime juice

### Directions:

  1. Heat olive oil in a large stockpot or Dutch oven over medium heat. Season chicken with salt and pepper, to taste. Add chicken to the stockpot and cook until golden, about 2-3 minutes; set aside.
  2. Add garlic, bell pepper and onion. Cook, stirring occasionally, until tender, about 3-4 minutes.
  3. Stir in red curry paste and ginger until fragrant, about 1 minute.
  4. Stir in chicken broth and coconut milk, scraping any browned bits from the bottom of the pot.
  5. Stir in chicken. Bring to a boil; reduce heat and cook, stirring occasionally, until reduced, about 10 minutes.
  6. Stir in rice noodles, fish sauce and brown sugar until noodles are tender, about 5 minutes.
  7. Remove from heat; stir in green onions, cilantro, basil and lime juice; season with salt and pepper, to taste.
  8. Serve immediately.

__

#### Did you Make This Recipe?

Tag @damn_delicious on Instagram and hashtag it _#damndelicious_.

Nutrition Facts

Serving Size

Servings Per Container 6

* * *

Amount Per Serving

Calories 372.0 Calories from Fat 180

% Daily Value*

**Total Fat** 20.0g 31%

Saturated Fat 13.0g 65%

Trans Fat 0g

**Cholesterol** 44.0mg 15%

**Sodium** 1098mg 46%

**Total Carbohydrate** 27.0g 9%

Dietary Fiber 2.0g 8%

Sugars 6.0g

**Protein** 22.0g 44%

* * *

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs. 

_posted on_ April 18, 2018 _under_ asian inspired, entree, soup  
__763 _Comments_ Leave a Comment »

## Post navigation

Previous post:

Broccoli Ham and Cheese Soup

Next post:

Creamy Mushroom Spinach Orzo

## Get the _Latest Recipes_ Right in your Inbox:

### Leave a Review

### Leave a Review Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Made it? Leave a review! Made it? Leave a review!  
  
  
  
  

Your Rating * Rating… Excellent Good Average Not Good Awful

Your Review * Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Δ

###  763 comments

  1. **Chef Deb** -- August 7, 2022 @ 9:29 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I have made it for the 2nd time 8 days later. I love this meal so much I want
to share it with my neighbors, I made a double batch to share with them. A few
tweeks that I have done, I sauteed my chicken and vegetables using coconut
oil, I added a 7th cup of chicken broth, and added fresh diced jalapeno, and
red pepper flakes to this dish. I like a little more kick. This meal is my
favorite dish I have made in a long time. Thank you for sharing.

  2. **Lindsey m** -- August 5, 2022 @ 1:25 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I want to make this for my family, but just checking the spice level. My
husband and I love spice- but my kids are huge fans if it’s too spicy!

  3. **Mattie** -- August 2, 2022 @ 5:20 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

WOW! This dish was so tasty. Seriously. So many levels of flavors and well
balanced. I stuck to the recipe this time, but may add more curry next time.
(There will be a next time) I may also add a few more veggies. This is
incredible and I can’t wait to make it for my husband to try!

  4. **Deb** -- July 29, 2022 @ 1:53 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Wow! I am literally taking my first spoonful of this amazing soup! Quick, easy
and yummy. I used thai basil because I already had some in my kitchen, I don't
use cilantro (sadly since I have had covid it tastes like garbage) and I
garnished my meal with fresh mini diced jalapeno. This meal is incredible, I
am excited to eat this for the next few days.

  5. **Jessa** -- June 21, 2022 @ 5:38 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Love this recipe! I double the curry paste and sometimes use Panang curry
paste too, but I find myself making this every other week now. Love it!

  6. **NM** -- June 21, 2022 @ 3:33 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was fantastic. I did use more red curry sauce and used a bit of garlic to
fry up the chicken.

  7. **Sheri** -- June 5, 2022 @ 5:47 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I have made this 4 times and we LOVE It!!! It is crazy flavorful, better than
our favorite Thai restaurant dishes. I just add a pinch of red pepper flakes
to add some more heat. Otherwise perfect!!!!

  8. **Ashley** -- June 4, 2022 @ 7:07 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

FANTASTIC! Extremely flavorful and healthy! Definitely a new family favorite!

  9. **Laura** -- May 28, 2022 @ 6:31 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I love this recipe - I’ve made it a bunch of times and have tweaked it
slightly to add spice and a little more depth. I use the entire jar of red
curry sauce and I grate and use ginger until I can’t grate anymore. I also add
roasted red chili paste, and I swap the steps where you cook the aromatics and
the onions and bell peppers so the aromatics cook with the oil from the
chicken.  
Thank you for this recipe - it’s awesome and a crowd pleaser!!

  10. **Jana** -- May 27, 2022 @ 5:00 AM  Reply

Such an amazing recipe, I love making it for my weekly lunches! Super easy way
to get that thai curry taste when you're craving it haha!

One thing I recommend is, if you're making a large quantity to put in the
fridge: the liquid will get soaked up a lot by the noodles so when you heat it
up on the stove, add a bit of water and salt. That will give you more liquid
without watering down the taste too much.

  11. **Helen** -- May 27, 2022 @ 4:58 AM  Reply

What can I sub for fish sauce?

  12. **Jenn** -- May 18, 2022 @ 2:41 PM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

Was very delicious. Will cook noodles separately next time as it made the
broth too thick. Also kids prefer without.

  13. **Angela** -- May 10, 2022 @ 7:36 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Excellent! This will definitely be added to our dinner rotation.  
Satisfies all your Thai cravings. Already sent it to a friend to make

    * **Uta Benkelberg** -- May 29, 2022 @ 5:27 AM  Reply

Looks really delish, but it's kind of hard to get a hold of Thai basil here.
If I do, can I freeze the leaves?

      * **Alex** -- July 5, 2022 @ 6:48 AM  Reply

You can freeze Thai basil

    * **Jen F.** -- June 10, 2022 @ 7:40 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I've made this soup many times. The flavors are absolutely A.MA.ZING!!! My
husband says that this is his very favorite soup. Thanks for such a great
recipe.

  14. **Erin C** -- April 26, 2022 @ 4:45 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Made it vegetarian/vegan by substituting veggie broth and soy chicken. A+,
everyone enjoyed it (even the meat eaters in the house). Will make again.
Thanks!

  15. **Jacqueline** -- April 22, 2022 @ 8:37 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Loved it, if you have any cravings this would be the number 1 soup that will
tick boxes in terms of satisfying your taste Buds, zestyness , spiceness ✔️
overall comfort food . My husband loved it. And it's healthy. Perfect for
winter or rainy weather. I am sure you could add red chillies if you wanted
to.

  16. **Rosa** -- April 20, 2022 @ 1:03 PM  Reply

What red curry did you use? And where did you buy?

  17. **April** -- April 20, 2022 @ 10:33 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

All I can say is Yummy!

  18. **Kimberly Sanchez** -- April 20, 2022 @ 8:45 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I’m not really one to leave reviews but I just needed to say this soup is by
far my new favorite dish! I made it for my bf and I, and he loved it. It’s a
super easy recipe to follow, packed with flavor and it’s very versatile. I
made mine with beef and beef broth because that was what I had on hand. Love
love love. Thank you for the recipe!

  19. **Cheryl Saville-Miller** -- March 31, 2022 @ 5:16 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I made this not as a soup but as an entrée. I work as a cook at our local
American Legion post and made this my special. I reduced the amount of chicken
broth and added enough liquid to make it saucy. It was a hit. Sold out! Thank
you for this recipe.

  20. **Guylaine** -- March 20, 2022 @ 7:07 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I made this recipe last night. My husband and I loved it. He had 2 bowls. I
will make it again for sure.

  21. **Bart** -- March 17, 2022 @ 6:42 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Made this tonight for dinner. Was very good and easy. I improvised the dish
and added Bella mushrooms with bean sprouts for garnish. Definitely a hit with
my wife and I.

  22. **Jaimie** -- March 17, 2022 @ 5:46 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Loved this soup! I used shrimp instead of chicken, 1/2 a kaffir lime leaf, and
added a bit of mint and some thin slices of hot peppers as well. Turned out
amazing! My favourite soup!

  23. **Kristen** -- March 14, 2022 @ 5:14 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This soup was AMAZING! Already sent it to two friends telling them they have
to make it. Used lite coconut milk but otherwise followed exactly. So so damn
good!

  24. **Tanya** -- March 8, 2022 @ 7:51 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I just made this tonight and it was amazing! We have a house full of teenagers
so I did 1.5 of the recipe. Everyone loved it and wanted seconds. I followed
the recipe exactly except omitted the sugar because two people in the house
gave up sugar for Lent, lol. I also used rotisserie chicken breast from
Costco, and next time I’ll add that closer to the end because it got a little
dry. Thank you for this delicious recipe! It’s going in the rotation for sure!

  25. **Pat Vickerman** -- March 7, 2022 @ 4:54 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I absolutely loved this soup; I did add more noodles. Great recipe.

  26. **Susan Flores** -- March 7, 2022 @ 3:48 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I absolutely love this recipe. It’s my go to when I want Thai. I follow it to
the T except I use shrimp instead of chicken. I have served this to guests
many times and they always rave about it!

  27. **Robin** -- March 5, 2022 @ 10:20 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Husband was in the mood for red curry. I added a teaspoon of salt to the pot
and some Sriracha to each bowl. Used dark chicken instead of white. Husband
and I loved it!

  28. **Ana** -- March 1, 2022 @ 11:11 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Delicious

  29. **Ray** -- March 1, 2022 @ 9:19 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

My wife and I absolutely love this soup. It has become our go to soup when
we’re feeling down or blah. Works better than any chicken noodle soup I’ve
ever had. This gets made almost every single week in our house. There is just
something about this soup that just, warms your soul.

  30. **JAH** -- February 25, 2022 @ 10:23 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Delicious and easy to add a variety of vegetable - mushrooms, tomatoes,
zucchini, celery - whatever you have. I have made with chicken and tofu, and
both were fabulous.

  31. **Corinne** -- February 23, 2022 @ 6:17 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Damn delicious indeed! Made this last night as a huge storm was rolling in and
it was just what we needed to warm up! So satisfying! Can’t wait to make it
again. Thank you for sharing!

  32. **Sarah** -- February 21, 2022 @ 1:44 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

So Delicious !! simple ingredients and easy to make !

  33. **Jen Graveline** -- February 14, 2022 @ 4:19 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Really so Damn Delicious! Not too Spicey But soo flavorful!! Thank you!
Followed recipe exactly and added carrots and Baby corn Bc/ I had them : ).

  34. **Lynn @ Fresh April Flours** -- February 13, 2022 @ 6:56 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is DELISH. Followed the recipe exactly, but used stir fry rice noodles
instead of the vermicelli because that's what we prefer. Will be making again!

  35. **Julie** -- February 8, 2022 @ 8:29 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Excellent recipe! Used about 1 lb of fresh ramen noodles that our grocery
store sells in the refrigerator section and it was the perfect ratio. Will
definitely be making again, thanks so much!

  36. **Dana Anderson** -- February 3, 2022 @ 8:09 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Love this recipe! Made the following changes/additions:

-I like thick soups so instead of olive oil I used 4 tbsp of butter. Cook veggies then added 1/4 cup of flour to make a roux. Cook for a few then added liquids  
-used 2 cans coconut milk instead of one (we LOVE coconut everything in my house!)  
-used 1.5 large onions and two large red peppers (we also love vegetables)  
-7 tablespoons of red curry  
-6 tsp brown sugar  
-added 2- 3 tablespoons red chili paste to give it some heat   
-we don’t do fish so I left the fish sauce out   
-added about a tablespoon of garlic powder  
-added 1 tsp onion powder   
-added two chicken bouillon cubes and left out the salt completely   
-poured over a hot bed of rice with all the listed garnishes. 

WOW!! Sooo good!!!

  37. **Alicia** -- February 3, 2022 @ 7:10 PM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

Spicy!!! Not sure if there are different red curry pastes but apparently by
the recipe, this is too spicy for me and my kids. Adding more coconut milk to
see if that helps. But would have been helpful to know not to add so much if
we need mild spice!

  38. **Alexa** -- February 2, 2022 @ 6:32 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was so delish! Read directions wrong and added full box of noodles so it
was more of a noodle dish than a soup but still great! Added only 4 cups
broths, extra curry paste, serrano pepper, double ginger and some chili crunch
oil- we like it with some heat! Had a bunch of extra fresh herbs to add add
while eating and lots of lime! Used unsweetened light coconut milk and turned
out good if wanting it to be lighter than full fat. Will definitely be making
again and cant wait to try new additions each time!

    * **Jenna** -- February 8, 2022 @ 11:31 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This sounds amazing! Just wondering a. If I can use something other than
coconut / does it taste like coconut? I’m not a huge fan of coconut 🙁

      * **Joy** -- March 1, 2022 @ 5:39 PM  Reply

No- it does not taste like coconut! No one in my family likes coconut (besides
me) and they love curries with coconut milk.

  39. **Sarah** -- February 1, 2022 @ 8:02 PM  Reply

This was a hit in my house! I doubled the amount of coconut milk, substituted
tofu for the chicken, and added turmeric, curry powder, onion powder, garlic
powder, and garam masala to taste. Sadly, I had to omit the green onion and
basil because the store didn't have them in stock.

  40. **Michelle** -- February 1, 2022 @ 6:13 PM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

Mine was not very liquidy, most of the broth was soaked up by the noodles. It
had good flavor though! I did add a little chili paste to give it a kick. Next
time I will add more chicken broth.

  41. **Candi** -- January 31, 2022 @ 3:17 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

My family really enjoyed this recipe. We added 12 Oz of edamame for more
protein and fiber. Delicious!

  42. **Erica** -- January 29, 2022 @ 8:12 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was a very good flavorful soup! Next time I will add some more veggies
like mushrooms or sprouts.

  43. **Lisa** -- January 29, 2022 @ 3:08 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Delicious! Comes together quickly for a fast dinner. Since I don’t eat
chicken, I left it out and added some sliced shiitake mushrooms and diced
carrots. This is a soup that you can really customize to your liking.
Definitely will make again, maybe with tofu next time.

  44. **Molly B** -- January 29, 2022 @ 10:37 AM  Reply

Can the soup itself be frozen? Without the noodles obviously

    * **Kels** -- January 30, 2022 @ 12:53 PM  Reply

It actually freezes super well! I was shocked when I heated it back up, I kept
the rice noodles in it and the noodles did not get mushy or fall apart at all.
I make this all the time and always freeze the left overs with no problems!

    * **Crystal** -- May 13, 2022 @ 7:08 AM  Reply

Same question as above… has anyone tried freezing this soup?

  45. **Erin Fisher** -- January 27, 2022 @ 5:50 PM  Reply

Delicious! Made this tonight and it did not disappoint!

  46. **Blaise** -- January 26, 2022 @ 7:52 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I loved this! Making it for the first time was interesting lol but it came out
so delicious. I didn’t add cilantro because I’m not a fan and I didn’t have
fish sauce (only oyster) but it still was a hit! I also added bok choy.

    * **Blaise** -- January 26, 2022 @ 7:54 PM  Reply

I also used plant based cellophane noodles.

  47. **Cheryl** -- January 23, 2022 @ 5:08 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was delicious. I added mushrooms and bean sprouts. Next time will add
thin slices of jalapeno

  48. **Steve Sciuto** -- January 22, 2022 @ 5:09 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Awesome recipe, top restaurant quality prepared exactly as presented in
recipe. Full of favor and easy to make. Be sure to use Thai sweet Basil for
authentic Thai favor. And only 1/2 of the 8oz package of noodles. Thanks!

  49. **Brooke B.** -- January 21, 2022 @ 4:23 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was so easy and so so so yummy. In fact, it was *damn delicous*!!

  50. **Kim** -- January 19, 2022 @ 5:43 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I make this soup all the time. I absolutely love it! I even make it without
the red curry paste when I run out (just add thinly sliced jalapeño for added
spice). I also like it extra tart so in addition to extra line juice, I also
use lime zest.  
To.Die.For!

  51. **Minaal Randhawa** -- January 17, 2022 @ 7:39 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Absolutely perfect recipe. Added some peanuts to make it more khou-suey like.
Too too good.

  52. **Steve C** -- January 13, 2022 @ 5:52 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Excellent

  53. **Tommy** -- January 13, 2022 @ 8:05 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Delish! Thank you!

  54. **Julia** -- January 9, 2022 @ 6:15 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

So easy and yummy! (:

  55. **Rheana** -- January 9, 2022 @ 2:35 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Thank you, this is super simple and delicious.

  56. **Jill** -- January 7, 2022 @ 7:11 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I’ve made this 10 times already and LOVE it. Over time, I’ve made some changes
to experiment - always add mushrooms now; sometimes use shrimp rather than
chicken and trying tofu tonight. Such an incredible soup as-is with room to be
creative too. And, it’s so easy! Couldn’t recommend more!

  57. **Kendra Rutledge** -- January 3, 2022 @ 6:45 PM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

Very good. I misunderstood the 1/2 (8oz) package of noodles and put 8oz of
noodles in. Still good, made it more of a noodle bowl rather than a soup.  
The whole family liked it and I will make it again. Properly next time. Lol  
Thank you

    * **Janet** -- January 13, 2022 @ 4:20 PM  Reply

Lol, I did the same exact thing- had to eat it with a fork, but still
delicious!

      * **Steve in Warren, MI** -- January 16, 2022 @ 10:27 AM  Reply

I am still baffled.. my pack of noodles is 16oz.. so are we only using 4oz???

  58. **Sona** -- December 30, 2021 @ 7:48 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I made the red curry soup last night. It was the tastiest soup I have ever
made. It smelled heavenly, looked absolutely beautiful and delicious as well!
I am going to make it tonight as well because it is addictive and it’s raining
in Southern California anyway.  
I’ve never wrote a review for a recipe before but I was so amazed that I could
make such a delicious soup that I decided to write about it.

    * **Rachel** -- January 4, 2022 @ 9:53 PM  Reply

Delicious! Made a few changes. I used shrimp instead of chicken, brown rice
and millet ramen noodles and yellow curry paste instead of red curry paste
since I can’t eat spicy food. Everyone loved it. I’ll definitely be making
this on a regular basis.

  59. **Kristin** -- December 21, 2021 @ 2:55 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Absolutely wonderful!

  60. **Kurt** -- December 21, 2021 @ 3:38 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Perfectto amazing

  61. **Sarah** -- December 15, 2021 @ 5:04 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I have always been afraid to attempt Thai food but wow! This was all easy and
delicious!

  62. **Sheri McDaniel** -- December 11, 2021 @ 6:45 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I made this with NO expectations & I was so happy that I made this recipe! It
was so tasty & full of flavor. Scrum diddly Delicious! I had been craving Thai
food & this ticked all the boxes. "Thank you for this yummy dinner!" That's
what my family said

  63. **Cheryl** -- December 10, 2021 @ 5:14 AM  Reply

Was so delicious! One of my favourites so far

    * **Dawn** -- December 14, 2021 @ 6:38 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

So delicious! My family and I devoured it including the kids! Don’t hesitate
just make it! I followed the recipe exact. Thank you for sharing!

  64. **Janet** -- December 6, 2021 @ 3:18 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

So delicious! I cooked the rice noodles separately since my husband was going
to be home late — prevents them from soaking up too much liquid and getting
mushy. I also used chicken bone broth instead of regular. I used chicken
thighs since they do not dry out when cooking for a long time. I added a
little more sugar and it was delicious!

  65. **Lynn** -- December 5, 2021 @ 7:35 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is so gooooooood.. I could drink liters of this soup on it's own. I try
to adjust the amount of fish sauce, sugar and lime to my preference and it
cuts through the oiliness of the curry paste perfectly. It's not too spicy,
not too creamy, just.. mmmmmm..  
For an extra veggie crunch, I add bean sprouts at the end with the cilantro
and spring oninon. And I do think the chicken get's a little dry after both
pan frying and boiling, but I'll take it! I love this recipe!

  66. **Amy Gruber** -- December 3, 2021 @ 6:43 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Oh my GOSH! This was so delicious and super easy to prepare! I will definitely
be making this again. I made two small changes. I cooked rice on the side and
reduced the stock by 1/2. I knew we’d have leftovers and I didn’t want mushy
rice the next day. Also, I used 1/4 tsp ginger spice instead of fresh ginger
because that is what I had on hand.

  67. **notAchef** -- November 26, 2021 @ 9:16 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Yummy! Everyone loved it! Used tofu instead of chicken and only half a can of
green coconut milk (green coconut had less saturated fat) and 1 sliced yam, to
help thicken it up, since I only used a half can of coconut milk. I agree with
the comment to add in only the amount of noodles you plan to eat to prevent
the broth from being soaked up and the noodles from getting soft.

    * **Veronica A Ziegler** -- November 28, 2021 @ 2:56 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Absolutely delectable! I had access to Lotus Foods millet & brown rice ramen
noodles that are more satisfying to me than dollar/big box store top ramen
with the seasoning packets that you toss into the trash just to get the
noodles. Thinking I'll try shrimp next time.

  68. **Patricia** -- November 24, 2021 @ 6:29 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Thanks Chungah. Super ecstatic that I have a thai food recipe in my rotation.
I was overwhelmed with all the ingredients at first, but after making this
recipe once, I realize that it was not too hard. I also felt super satisfied &
nourished after eating it. It's recipes like this that save me from eating
junk food. I made one change that worked out awesome. I used 50% of the
chicken & replaced it with sliced cremini mushrooms which I added at the same
time I put in the noodles.

  69. **LaWane Boltz** -- November 24, 2021 @ 6:08 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I have been wanting to make this soup for a long time. Several years ago there
was a restaurant in the city called Big City Soup this soup was one of their
specialties. I would crave this and didn’t know how to duplicate. I finally
made it tonight.  
It was pretty simple and quick! It was everything I thought it would be and so
delicious too! Don’t know why I waited so long. I have a feeling I’ll be
making it a lot more.  
Thank you for sharing your love of food and cooking

  70. **Jo** -- November 23, 2021 @ 12:48 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I don't usually leave reviews but felt its time I did! I have been making this
soup for about a year now. And this is one of the best recipes I make. Our
family loves it! I have to use a whole jar of Thai Kitchen curry paste though.
I also cut the chicken broth to 4 cups. But everything else is to the letter
and SO good! This will be cooked in my home for years to come. We are a family
that loves Thai food. Thank you for this recipe!

  71. **Priya** -- November 22, 2021 @ 5:44 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I don't normally write reviews, however this recipe is a winner. For once my
whole family could eat the same meal at the table. It was absolutely
FANTASTIC! Here are my minor modifications:  
1\. I only used 4 cups of chicken broth per other reviews  
2\. I didn't have fish sauce so I didn't use any.  
3\. Didn't have basil leaves, so used 1/2 tsp of dried basil instead of fresh
leaves.  
4\. I added an extra 1/2 tablespoon of red curry paste.

It was absolutely delicious! We are making this recipe again for sure. Thank
you for sharing this recipe.

    * **Fred Briggs** -- January 4, 2022 @ 7:13 PM  Reply

Yes, I made the almost identical mods…..tasty recipe.

  72. **Lindsey** -- November 21, 2021 @ 2:31 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Very easy-to-follow recipe and yummy! We will be making it again and
personalizing it more next time. I like that you can add and remove
ingredients easily in this recipe.

  73. **Mike Friedman** -- November 21, 2021 @ 12:39 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I really enjoyed this. It was super easy to make and very delicious. I think
you could substitute other proteins or curry flavors (I'm going to try Masamun
since I love it) very easily. Other veg that hold up well in soup would be
nice too, cauliflower bok choy or maybe green beans.

My recommendation would be that if you know you're going to have leftovers,
just put in as many noodles as you're going to eat right now. Otherwise the
rice noodles suck up all the broth.

  74. **Josh** -- November 20, 2021 @ 8:23 AM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

A little on the bland side for us - we prefer some of your other red curry
recipes that are made with stock rather than broth - I think that's the
difference here. Still, tasty for those in my extended family that can't take
ethnic flavors so much!

  75. **Girish** -- November 17, 2021 @ 6:30 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Good recipe.. I’m a vegetarian so substituted Chicken with Tofu. Also added
some cubed potatoes to the vegetable stock. Did not have peppers so an
jalapeño.. skipped the fish sauce. Had some red curry paste that came in
handy.. no Thai basil. But ginger cilantro And the palm sugar didn’t come
thru. wifey and kids enjoyed the result.. Thank you! next time will try with
more accurate ingredients and proportions..

  76. **Nikos** -- November 17, 2021 @ 1:30 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This truly is an amazing recipe. The flavors so elegantly combining together
to create such a tasteful soup with the right amount of heat.

  77. **Matt** -- November 16, 2021 @ 5:06 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Delicious, even though I forgot the herbs. It took a bit longer to boil down.
I put in 2 bell peppers and it could still handle more veges. I put in 1/3rd
less lime juice for personal preference.

  78. **Jayne** -- November 14, 2021 @ 12:10 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Absolutely delicious! Going to be a staple winter meal now.

  79. **Joanne** -- November 14, 2021 @ 4:45 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Made this last night on a cool Fall night and it was amazing! It was a big hit
with my family, my boys all had second helpings. One of them said it looks
like something you get at a restaurant. I made it per recipe exactly but
instead of 6 cups of chicken broth I used 4 cups and added 2 cups of water -
figured the full fat coconut milk I was adding would make it rich enough.
Certainly was. I used all the garnishes per recipe and don't forget the limes
it really adds a hit of flavor!! So delicious!! Thank you for the recipe :))

  80. **Kate** -- November 12, 2021 @ 7:41 AM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

This was an easy recipe that is full of flavor!! We are definitely adding this
to our winter dinner rotation! We added mushrooms, and could easily pack this
full of more veggies if you want!

  81. **Sarah Beyne** -- November 12, 2021 @ 3:41 AM  Reply

This soup is absolutely delicious. I only changed the amount of chicken stock
using 4 instead of 6 cups as my husband prefers a thicker soup. Top marks!

    * **I** -- January 18, 2022 @ 6:02 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Did anyone get little white spots on top? How did you fix it?

  82. **Jo** -- November 10, 2021 @ 10:22 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Solid base recipe for curry. I added a couple thai chilies, kefir lime leaves,
and lemongrass paste, and it really added a ton of flavor dimension. Next
time, I think I'll add some bok choy or sugar snap peas. I didn't have a pan
big enough for the amount of liquid, so I only used 4 cups of broth instead of
6, but I like my curries on the thicker side anyway. If I used the full amount
of liquid, I don't think the amount of paste would have been enough, but I
guess that depends on your brand of curry paste. Bf said it was my best curry
yet!

  83. **Tara** -- November 10, 2021 @ 5:29 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I made this last night and it was super tasty, lots of flavor. Also really
easy to put together on a week night, which is key for this house. Very
excited for my leftovers today!

  84. **Andrea** -- November 8, 2021 @ 3:17 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was a GREAT recipe and easy to prepare! I'm making it again - 2nd batch
in 2 weeks… I will be using more ginger and garlic (I love those flavors)
Definitely use Thai Basil. Double the recipe because you will probably regret
it if you don't. That good!!!!

  85. **Safia Madani** -- November 5, 2021 @ 12:58 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I am so excited to make this soup! Question for you, can you tell me where the
bulk of the sodium comes from? I’d love to modify it for my dad so he can have
some as well

  86. **Jules** -- November 2, 2021 @ 2:34 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was so good except I must have gotten a crazy spicy brand of curry paste
because it was wayyyy too spicy and I can usually handle a good amount of
spice. I'm definitely going to try it again though!

  87. **Sarah Black** -- November 1, 2021 @ 6:26 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is one of my favorite soups of ALL TIME! It’s absolutely delicious. I’ve
made it three times, so far, and every time, I feel like I could eat the
entire pot. Thank you!

  88. **Meghan** -- November 1, 2021 @ 9:13 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I rarely leave reviews on anything, but I have come back to this recipe so
many times that I know it by heart now, and I wanted everyone to know it
really is so damn delicious! I had never made a curry before, but my husband
loves it and we wanted to stop eating out. Now, my pantry is overflowing with
curry paste because we make this and other curries so often. We're considered
regulars at our local Asian market now, lol.

This recipe is perfect as is, but I started marinating my chicken in a little
bit of soy sauce (just enough to coat) before cooking and holy cow, it is even
more tender and flavorful, if that is even possible.

Thank you for sharing this recipe! You've added so much flavor to our
homecooked dinners.

  89. **Allison** -- October 31, 2021 @ 8:37 PM  Reply

The whole family loved it! It’s so flavorful and has such a unique flavor.

  90. **Ashley T** -- October 28, 2021 @ 12:35 PM  Reply

I've been a long time fan of this food blog. So many recipes here are now
staples in my household.

THIS DISH IS AMAZING. I threw this together for lunch today and my husband and
I both must have said 'man that was good!' 20 times after we were done
slurping up everything in our bowls. I omitted the chicken and instead topped
our bowl with some broiled salmon covered in chili garlic paste. I'm sure this
would be delightful any day but this really warms the soul on a cold rainy
day.

  91. **Haydon** -- October 25, 2021 @ 4:02 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Excellent dish. I am vegetarian so I made this with vegetable broth, no
chicken, and added bok choy and tofu. Everything turned out well- the broth is
very balanced! I will be making this one again!

  92. **Amy** -- October 25, 2021 @ 9:56 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I LOVE this soup! I made it exactly as written, although I rarely measure the
ingredients, and it was so delicious I’m making it again for the second week
in a row. It’s so tasty and comforting, and reheats well. So happy to have
found this gem.

  93. **Michelle** -- October 24, 2021 @ 6:38 PM  Reply

Love this recipe!! I have used shrimp and bay scallops instead of chicken and
it’s fabulous. I also measure some ingredients with my heart but never the
fish sauce!

    * **Belinda** -- November 3, 2021 @ 11:52 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

So easy, so delicious! This recipe was adored by the whole family I didn’t
have rice noodles so I just used ramen, and they worked perfectly!

    * **Jo** -- November 10, 2021 @ 10:25 PM  Reply

I eye balled the fish sauce lol, but still turned out good!

  94. **Debbie Driscoll** -- October 24, 2021 @ 9:20 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This soup is spectacular and surprisingly easy to make. The flavor is is
perfect! My only change was adding more garlic because I'm a garlic addict. No
need to do this if you're not. I'll make this over and over again!!!

  95. **Carisa** -- October 22, 2021 @ 7:38 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I made this last night and it was so so good! It's going into my recipe bible
for sure and will be on my regular rotation. I subbed a sliced jalapeno for
the bell pepper, added 8oz thinly sliced mushrooms at the end, and cooked the
noodles separately. I needed more heat but my guess is that my curry paste is
a mild one so I'll be searching for a different one for my next batch.
Definitely try this recipe- you won't be disappointed!

  96. **Mindy** -- October 19, 2021 @ 5:42 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Passed the mr picky pants test! 10 yo loves it. I made 2 pots…one regular
noodles the other i used shiritake pasta. Really good!!!

  97. **anita chang** -- October 16, 2021 @ 2:09 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Love this soup, but I like to cook the rice noodles separately, so they do not
absorb all the liquid when I have left over soup. Very easy and good recipe.

  98. **Mariposa Katie** -- October 14, 2021 @ 7:05 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This has become a favorite in our house, and I’m so glad soup season is back.
It’s so delicious!

  99. **Dora Henderson** -- October 14, 2021 @ 1:24 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Definitely delicious

  100. **bridget** -- October 14, 2021 @ 9:10 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

new favorite. tweaked a bit.. added red pepper from jar,ginger from jar and
left out parsley and added kale

  101. **Suni** -- October 12, 2021 @ 11:32 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was a 10/10. My husband and I are foodies and are very critical of all
food. This was phenomenal. Literally, you must try it!!!! Sooooooo good.

  102. **Dev** -- October 12, 2021 @ 1:28 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Amazing recipe! can't wait to make this again. It was a crowd favorite by far.
I was wondering if it was possible to cook this in a slow cooker? And if it
is, how would you recommend going about cooking it?

    * **Angela** -- October 18, 2021 @ 10:25 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I absolutely love this recipe and am craving it. Unfortunately I can't seem to
find any Thai basil at the moment. Is there anything that I can substitute for
this??

      * **Molly B** -- January 29, 2022 @ 6:34 AM  Reply

Super late to respond, but my area is also pretty lacking with any exotic
foods. BUT I actually found my local grocery store has Thai Basil chicken bone
broth! Going to test in this recipe today. Maybe look for subs like that in
your area?

  103. **Patricia** -- October 6, 2021 @ 3:45 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This soup was delicious!! I followed each step of the recipe, but I cooked the
noodles separately and added them to each individual plate. Thank you so much,
I will defiantly be making it again!

  104. **Maria Hadaller** -- October 5, 2021 @ 8:51 AM  Reply

I made this soup so good. I omitted the fish sauce and coconut milk. I used
fresh Thai chilli peppers instead of the paste. Rice instead of the noodles.
Adjusted the seasonings. Because I just wanted to use what I had on hand.

  105. **Shannon Ho-Osborne** -- October 5, 2021 @ 6:22 AM  Reply

We’ve made this twice and it’s never a soup, rather a pasta with sauce. We
can’t seem to figure out what’s happening. Any ideas?

    * **Britney R** -- October 5, 2021 @ 8:18 AM  Reply

These noodles absorb a lot of liquid. I recommend making the noodles
separately then adding them in.

  106. **Melissa B** -- September 27, 2021 @ 3:47 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This soup was so easy to make and super delicious!!

  107. **Glenda** -- September 27, 2021 @ 9:34 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I always seem to screw curries up, but not this one! Turned out delicious!

  108. **Laila** -- September 26, 2021 @ 5:56 PM  Reply

Have made it about 5 times family loves it. I like it with coconut cream but
tonight I'm using regular coconut milk and adding bamboo shoots

  109. **bridget** -- September 25, 2021 @ 4:22 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

so good. The flavor was awesome!.Never tried Thai curry before. Wasnt sure
about all the odd flavor combinations but it really worked. My family loved
it. i did a few things different … i used sweet red peppers in a jar and
coconut cream instead of coconut milk ( because that is what i had in the
pantry) also left out parsley because i do not care for parsley and used
chicken thighs because they do not dry out easily.

    * **Steve in Warren, MI** -- January 16, 2022 @ 10:50 AM  Reply

I am in the final stage of this and your review scared me, mentioning
parsley.. I looked at recipe again and there is no parsley.. you must have
meant cilantro?

  110. **Kristin** -- September 25, 2021 @ 3:01 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Happy Fall and here's to your delicious recipe. My husband and I love it! I
will be sharing this recipe to anyone who loves soup. Thank you!

  111. **Angie P.** -- September 23, 2021 @ 7:25 PM  Reply

Delicious! Easy to follow recipe and a big punch of flavor. I didn't change a
thing.

  112. **Patricia** -- September 23, 2021 @ 6:20 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Guess what’s going on repeat? This was sooooo good. Tasty, rich, comforting. I
will absolutely make again!

  113. **Gabby** -- September 23, 2021 @ 8:33 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Tried this for dinner, wow it was so good! The flavors, herbs, spices go
together nicely. We have an abundance of colored peppers in our garden so it
was fun to go pick one and use it in this soup. I added some sliced mushrooms
and instead of rice noodles which are high in carbs, I used “Better than
Noodles” (lower in carbs, calories and gluten free) and it worked great! We
will make this again for certain!

  114. **J Smith** -- September 22, 2021 @ 10:22 PM  Reply

what can I substitute for fish sauce in all these Thai Recipes? I love Thai
food, but can't deal with fish sauce. thanks!

  115. **Yonikka** -- September 22, 2021 @ 9:03 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Damn Delicious recipe!!! Thank you.

  116. **Yonikka** -- September 22, 2021 @ 9:02 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

My review should have been 4 stars not 3!!

  117. **Yonikka** -- September 22, 2021 @ 9:02 PM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

Amazing recipe thank you! I couldn't find red curry paste at Kroger or Trader
Joe's so I mixed red curry sauce and a Harissa hot chili paste. This was
dinner as soon as I received the email notification. Great for the first day
of fall too.

  118. **Erin** -- September 22, 2021 @ 2:25 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

OH Boy! I am obsessed with this dish! I made it last week, polished it off,
and am craving it again! It is very easy to make. Full of the flavours that I
love. Great recipe!

    * **Andre** -- October 26, 2021 @ 2:12 PM  Reply

Hi, i planning to make this. The basil leaves, is that normal basil or should
I get thai basil?

      * **Jo** -- November 10, 2021 @ 10:29 PM  Reply

Thai basil has purple stems, and it's spicy. Sometimes it's hard to find in
normal grocery stores though, so you can sub with regular basil. Flavor
profile and spicyness will definitely be different though.

  119. **Donna Cote** -- September 22, 2021 @ 6:48 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I’ve made this recipe several times! It’s “Damn Delicious “  
It’s hearty and comforting without being heavy! I don’t care for bell peppers,
so omit them but it doesn’t taste like it’s missing anything.

  120. **Maria** -- September 20, 2021 @ 6:30 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

So delicious! And so authentic! We will be having it regularly.Thank you!

  121. **Aly** -- September 15, 2021 @ 7:49 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Made this tonight and it was amazing! I left out the chicken and added
mushrooms. I’ll definitely be making it a ton more! Thank you for the awesome
recipe.

  122. **Ashwini Kannan** -- September 12, 2021 @ 4:12 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This recipe is a winner! I pounded my own Thai red curry paste by hand and my
god it makes a difference. I used this recipe -
https://www.eatingthaifood.com/thai-red-curry-paste-recipe/  
This recipe is amazing as is but I will try making a prawn stock and using
parents instead of chicken the next time!  
Tip - use gula Melaka instead of brown sugar

    * **Munyah** -- September 17, 2021 @ 8:55 AM  Reply

This is amazing although i used glass noodles it was yummy

      * **Laila** -- September 26, 2021 @ 5:58 PM  Reply

Haha parents lol

  123. **Lee** -- September 8, 2021 @ 4:57 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is a great base recipe. Well balanced and full of flavor. Tons of ways to
mix this one up with what you have. I had fresh green beans that I steamed al
dente first with salt and set aside till the end. No cilantro but used a huge
pile of fresh Thai basil. That is what started me looking for a Thai soup
recipe for inspiration and is the way to go if you have it. No chicken but
thin sliced leftover rare steak on the side to add worked great. I pretty much
had the rest. I added fresh sweet peppers from the garden with the onions.
Swapped the sugar for honey to taste too. Anyway, maybe this well give someone
some ideas. This one's going to the recipe app to use again.

  124. **Erin** -- September 8, 2021 @ 4:17 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Thank you for this delicious Thai Red Curry Noodle Soup recipe. I just made
it, and I love it. I just love the big flavors and I love Thai cuisine. It is
simple to make. It is easy to adjust to your liking. Your recipes always work
out for me and this one is a winner!

  125. **April** -- September 5, 2021 @ 4:34 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Love this recipe. Easy and yummy. I made mine with chicken and shrimp. Also
added green beans and red bell pepper. I used half the chicken broth because I
was going more for a noodle dish rather than a soup. Next time I will try the
soup.

  126. **Juliet Kariuki** -- August 27, 2021 @ 1:52 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I made this recipe using chicken. My cooking times varied from the recipe but
the quantities were spot. I was craving Tai food and found this to be
appetizing. This dish is delicious mostly because of the use of herbs. I will
prepare this for family and friends in the future. Thanks for sharing!

  127. **Robin** -- August 26, 2021 @ 4:50 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was an amazing recipe! I made it tonight using my pressure cooker and my
18 year old son has almost polished it off! I told him to save some to take to
his work tomorrow. Wonderful flavors and a “make again” in our home! Lots of
fresh lime and herbs at the end make it for sure!

  128. **Mary** -- August 26, 2021 @ 10:57 AM  Reply

We loved this soup and it was better the next day. A keeper.

  129. **Mel** -- August 19, 2021 @ 9:44 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I add baked Korean potatoes to mine. it makes it a little more creamy and
delicious!

The basil is an absolute must. Used basil and ginger paste instead and was
STILL AMAZING.

  130. **Sylvia Moreno** -- August 18, 2021 @ 12:29 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

loved it I made it with shrimp instead of chicken and it was perfect for what
I was hopping and craving for .

  131. **Jenn** -- August 12, 2021 @ 7:25 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Amazing!!!! Soo yummy! Just enough spice and the lime juice at the end is
perfect. I can’t say enough how happy I am with this recipe! Thank you!

  132. **Rebeka** -- July 27, 2021 @ 9:06 PM  Reply

Amazing! A new family favorite! Love love loved it!

    * **Natascha** -- August 1, 2021 @ 7:24 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Love this! I make huge batches without the chicken and noodles then freeze
them in portions for me and hubby. When we have curry night just thaw add
chicken and noodles. Viola! Instant fix…..super delicious everytime.❤

  133. **Luzviminda** -- July 27, 2021 @ 5:57 AM  Reply

Thank you,true that it's damn delicious .

  134. **Rebeka** -- July 26, 2021 @ 12:29 AM  Reply

Looks delicious! Can’t wait to try it.  
So happy to see nutrition info included! TY!

  135. **Diane** -- July 25, 2021 @ 5:36 AM  Reply

Hi there! Do you you sweet or unsweetened coconut milk for this recipe?

  136. **Tabitha** -- July 22, 2021 @ 12:05 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was amazing! To make it keto, I left out the sugar and rice noodles and
used chicken thighs instead of breasts (not only to increase the fat but also
because the chicken has to essentially stew in the soup and I wanted to be
sure it didn't dry out). For those who are missing heat: I added a Fresno
chile (just sliced into rings-not minced or chopped) into the soup during the
last 5 minutes of step #5 (so there'd be some heat but it wouldn't overwhelm
the soup) and it was divine! I'll probably make this over and over again. It
was sooooo good!

  137. **Mark** -- July 18, 2021 @ 6:53 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I've made this numerous times and it's so good every time. After reading some
of the reviews, my biggest recommendation for those not getting enough spicy
heat or robustness from the curry is to make sure you're using a quality red
curry. My favorite is Mae Ploy Red Curry Paste and I buy it by the tub (1000
grams - or a little more than 2 lbs). It'll make this recipe exactly what you
would be expecting. So good! Lastly, if you've an Asian grocery near you, get
some Thai Basil. Cheers

  138. **Dianne** -- July 17, 2021 @ 11:04 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Made exact recipe and found it to have EXCELLENT flavor. Not hot in taste at
all. I will make again, but I think I will julienne the veggies and try a
shredded roto-chick , added to hot broth with noodles at very end. Think more
veggies too. It had been quite awhile since I had used coconut milk, that must
have created the fat layer when chilled overnight, as there is no fat to speak
of in the recipe. That layer was tricky to smoosh back down, but the end
product looked like the picture, tasted great, and that's what it's all about!

  139. **Michelle Jabs** -- July 15, 2021 @ 11:21 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This had incredible flavor! No leftovers whatsoever. My son declared it was
one of the best things he has ever eaten!

  140. **Liz** -- July 15, 2021 @ 6:20 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Wonderful. I used shrimp instead of chicken. My granddaughter made this for me
and gave me your recipe.

  141. **Sam** -- July 14, 2021 @ 11:44 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I'm writing this review while scarfing down soup noodles over my kitchen
counter. I want to make this recipe again and again until everyone around me
gets sick of it (but not me, never me).

  142. **Pauline Allan** -- July 9, 2021 @ 9:32 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Really delicious and easy. I add an extra 1.5 tablespoons of curry paste as we
like it spicy. Great recipe, the whole family loved it.

  143. **Bridgette Hennig** -- July 5, 2021 @ 10:33 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Absolutely delicious! I added extra curry paste to make it more spicy. Can't
wait to make it again.

  144. **Beth Hughes** -- June 29, 2021 @ 5:49 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I used 3 tsp of red curry paste and it was hot enough. I also substituted
prawns which I sauted first and set aside, made the soup base and added salmon
filets which cooked in the broth and then removed from the broth to remove the
skin also added two pieces of cut up cod, it is like a Thai seafood chowder,
delish!  
We love veg so also added chopped carrot and didn't miss the fish sauce at
all, too much sodium for our diet.  
The thin rice noodles are now our favorite, they cook in the broth really
quickly and are easier to scoop up

  145. **Tina Palmer** -- June 16, 2021 @ 7:35 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This soup was fabulous!!!!!! It received rave reviews from everyone at the
table. And what little was left over made for a delightful lunch the next day.
I'll be making this again soon!

  146. **Michelle** -- June 10, 2021 @ 5:28 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was AMAZING - one of the easiest and hands down best Asian meals I've
made - got rave reviews from husband and friends. I did use chicken thighs
instead of breast (I think they hold up much better in soups) and i added
bamboo shoots and kaffir lime leaves that i had leftover from green curry…I
also added 2 TBS white sugar because I like the sweet/spicy combo of Thai food
but absolutely delicious - will definitely be making this again.

  147. **Annette** -- June 8, 2021 @ 2:44 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Family loves it! Will serve with rice next time.

  148. **Mariettawarkentin** -- June 7, 2021 @ 6:08 PM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

I made this soup today! It turned out well! Needs a bit more spicing but has
an authentic Thai taste!

  149. **Charles** -- June 1, 2021 @ 4:50 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Great flavors the chicken was a little tough.

Next time I am adding button mushrooms, bamboo shoots.

I will use shrimp, tofu or shredded rotisserie chicken as protein at the end.

Also a dash of chili oil is great for serving.

  150. **Emily Nguyen** -- May 24, 2021 @ 11:09 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Thank you for the recipe! I just made it last night and it was delish! I
didn’t use chicken breast. I like thigh meat. I also added enoki mushrooms. I
have made yellow curry with bamboo shoots and the bamboo absorb the curry
pretty well. I will try with bamboo shoots next time.

  151. **Amy** -- May 18, 2021 @ 4:39 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This recipe is amazing. It’s ridiculously good!

  152. **Shannon** -- May 18, 2021 @ 2:00 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

So good. Subbed the chicken for shrimp so I left out the fish sauce and didn't
have any fresh basil but went heavy on the cilantro and had absolutely no
complaints. I added my vermicelli noodles directly into the pan and let them
act as a thickening agent for the soup. If you want to take this to the next
level then make sure you're using good coconut milk (preferably from your
local Asian market I recommend Chaokoh) as opposed to Thai Kitchen Organic.

  153. **Cindy McKee** -- May 18, 2021 @ 11:53 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I have made this a number of times, always with great results. Easy to adjust
the spices to your liking, super easy to make, and so so so good! I add
mushrooms to this, and also have used rotisserie chicken to make it super
quick.

  154. **Viv Lewis** -- May 16, 2021 @ 12:11 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Loaded with flavour, I got the conversion on a couple of things wrong
(Australia uses metric) and it was a rookie mistake that I won’t make again
but absolutely fabulous dish I’ll be making again. I did back off on the
amount of red Thai curry paste as we love the flavour but not over the top
strong,

  155. **Chris Hauschildt** -- May 13, 2021 @ 7:50 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Unbelievably delicious soup! I've made it 4 or 5 times in the last month.
Definitely recommend this recipe!

  156. **Alex** -- May 9, 2021 @ 7:50 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I made this three weeks ago for the first time and have made it 3 times since
and again tonight. I’ve made it for both sets of parents (steps included) and
my boyfriend on separate occasions and it is a HIT. One of the best things
I’ve ever made and so surprisingly simple. I boiled the noodle on the side
cause the first time most of my soup got absorbed but still delicious! Thank
you 🙂

    * **Anja** -- May 15, 2021 @ 2:43 PM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

Hey! Thanks for this recipe, I really like it. It turned out more brownish
than on your photos, but I guess that's on me for really browning the onion.
x)  
One question though: The recipe calls for 3 tablespoons curry paste. I used 4
teaspoons, and it fits my taste, but is waaaay to hot for the rest of my
family -- even though we are used to spicy stuff. Did you maybe mean 3
teaspoons? Or are we sissys? 😀

      * **Christopher Chilcoat** -- July 17, 2021 @ 10:07 PM  Reply

Oh my gosh, it DOES say 3 tablespoons. I thought I was bumping up the spice a
little when I added 4 OUNCES, which turns out to be about 8 tablespoons worth.
I guess that explains why tonight's recipe was good, but also straight-up
FIRE!

I guess I'll have to try this recipe again with a somewhat less lethal dose of
curry paste.

Anja, maybe you used a hotter brand of curry paste than what others are using.
I cook with Maesri Red Curry Paste (imported from Thailand) that I get from
the local Asian food store in a little red tin. I packs a punch, but hasn't
put my wife or I under the table or anything, even when I grievously over-use
the stuff like I did tonight.

  157. **KATHY HUGHES-DINICOLA** -- May 4, 2021 @ 6:51 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Super tasty! Family loved the soup! Used about half the noodles called for in
the recipe and didn't add basil (didn't have any). So good! I served with a
chopped thai salad.

  158. **John Hutchison** -- May 2, 2021 @ 12:24 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is a great recipe. I used this recipe as a starter and used the
ingredients I had. I first cut up 2 chicken breasts and cooked them. Then I
cooked 1 onion, 1 red pepper and 3 cloves of garlic. I added 3 tablespoons of
Vindaloo Curry. Added 1 box of vegetable broth. I added the cut up chicken
breasts. Added 1 box of "Cut Spaghetti" to the mix. Let it cook a little
while.

Put soup in bowl and added some chopped green onions and dried cilantro.
Mmmmmm this is good. This recipe gave the idea to make my version of the soup.
I would like to taste the original soup, but when you don't have the
ingredients, you can still make a delicious soup.

  159. **LIALA Elrafihe** -- May 1, 2021 @ 6:44 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

One of the best tasting soups I've ever made in my life, and I'm not
exaggerating. This is such a showstopper. It's as authentic as one can be.
Can't say enough about it. A must try, you won't be disappointed.

  160. **Hillary** -- May 1, 2021 @ 10:22 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

So good! Added 2 tsp sambal and it gave it a nice kick if you like spice!
Loved having leftovers for lunch the next day. I will be making this on the
regular.

  161. **Tara** -- April 28, 2021 @ 9:13 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was damn delicious!  
Made it with prawns and fish, so jummy and full of flavour. Thank you for
sharing!

    * **Robin** -- October 12, 2021 @ 6:47 PM  Reply

Question for everyone who has made this. What brand/kinds of rice noodles Do
you use? Thsnks

  162. **Jj** -- April 25, 2021 @ 9:18 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is a wonderful recipe!!!  
I added a few wild caught raw shrimp the last 10 minutes.  
Super easy to make and delicious. Can’t wait to make it again

  163. **cece pesicek** -- April 25, 2021 @ 8:09 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Recipe is soooooo good. Feels like we're eating out in a Thai restaurant.

  164. **CHRIS HAUSCHILDT** -- April 24, 2021 @ 2:49 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This recipe is fantastic! This is my second time making it and it does not
disappoint. Definitely recommend this to anyone. There may be a fair number of
ingredients, but is very easy to make.

  165. **Pia Watson** -- March 30, 2021 @ 10:27 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Made this recipe and it was so very good. I infused the chicken stock ahead of
time with lemon grass, galangal and a few dried chili peppers . Also bought a
few trumpet mushrooms, fried them separately and put on top.

  166. **Carly** -- March 27, 2021 @ 10:05 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

amazing!! Even better after I let it sit for 15 minutes to thicken up.

  167. **Nora Douglas** -- March 26, 2021 @ 6:08 PM  Reply

I made this for dinner. Delicious. Just what I was hoping for. Thank you.
Tomorrow will be spicy noodles as they seemed to absorb most of the liquid.
Next time less noodles.

  168. **Chi** -- March 18, 2021 @ 6:28 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Delicious!!! And easy to make!!

  169. **Rachel** -- March 13, 2021 @ 12:02 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

My husband and I really enjoyed this recipe. I made it primarily for the spice
factor for myself, as I recently had COVID and can only taste really strong
things. I used A Taste of Thai red curry paste, which is pretty mild. I
probably ended up adding 4-5 Tbs of the curry, and while there was a nice
amount of spice (not super spicy by any means though), my husband said that
the curry taste was not very strong at all (and while I can currently taste
some strong curry flavors, I did not taste any curry at all). I'll definitely
make it again, but I'm going to order some Mae Ploy curries online (my small
town has basically no international options, sadly), which I've heard are
stronger and more authentic.

My other substitutions included ground ginger, since I didn't have any fresh
on hand, bottled lime juice, and basil paste instead of fresh. I was also
worried about the noodles becoming soggy for leftovers, so I only added enough
for a couple servings, and then strategically fished them out of the broth for
serving for dinner. For leftovers, I just break some uncooked rice noodles
into the soup and microwave it for several minutes, and it works great.

  170. **Gina** -- March 11, 2021 @ 2:20 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I have all the ingredients on hand except for the red curry paste, I have
green instead! Do you think I can do a straight substitution or do the
different colored curries call for different flavor combos?

  171. **OwlSusie** -- March 10, 2021 @ 8:48 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Excellent soup base! I have gotten into the habit of freezing the core of a
pineapple, instead of throwing it out. Then the next time I make Thai curry, I
take the frozen pineapple core out and put it into the soup as it cooks. This
gives it subtle sweetness and tang without messying up the broth.

  172. **Beanwash** -- March 9, 2021 @ 7:42 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Delicious! Added some hot dried chili peppers with my serving and that took it
to whole another level. Thank you!!

  173. **Ingela** -- March 7, 2021 @ 12:59 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I used tofu instead of chicken, and vegetable broth - delicious dish! Thank
you for sharing!

    * **Karen** -- September 23, 2021 @ 4:32 PM  Reply

Did you simmer the tofu ? Kinda new with it and not sure if you also fry it
first! Thank you 🙂

  174. **Emily** -- March 2, 2021 @ 4:33 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is one of the best recipes I’ve found! We made it twice in 3 weeks and
absolutely love it! It’s perfect. I don’t think we changed anything!
Definitely going into our rotation!

  175. **Heidi** -- February 27, 2021 @ 7:38 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I made this the other night for my girlfriends. It was absolutely wonderful.
The only thing I did differently was I cooked the noodles separately. I did
not over cook them because they tend to be soggy. Then I rinse them in
Coldwater. And I serve them in the hot soup when it was time to serve the soup

    * **Nikki** -- June 22, 2021 @ 6:43 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I make this recipe regularly with shrimp instead of chicken. It is one of my
top 5 favorites recipes/dinners to make and is a family favorite. So happy to
have found this.

  176. **Lesley** -- February 27, 2021 @ 5:41 PM  Reply

A to go toin our house with different proteins used. Also use Hokan curly
noodles as they are just easier to manage, added mushrooms and spinach as I
don’t want to change it too much as I leave the recipe as is, prefect amount
of spice for this noodle bowl!

  177. **Gina** -- February 23, 2021 @ 9:04 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is the best base recipe I've made! I swapped lemongrass for the cilantro
and used a ton of veggies instead of chicken. Amazing!

  178. **Kris** -- February 22, 2021 @ 12:38 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I make this delicious soup at least once per month. It's just as good as the
takeout soup we used to enjoy downtown.

  179. **Julianna** -- February 19, 2021 @ 9:28 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

So yummy and I made it with extra veggies and no chicken.

  180. **Nicole** -- February 8, 2021 @ 5:49 PM  Reply

Amazing! Will be making this again and again!

  181. **Erica N** -- February 8, 2021 @ 3:27 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I love this recipe! I'm about to make it my third time.

    * **Stefanie T.** -- February 8, 2021 @ 5:30 PM  Reply

Yes! It's pretty tasty! I am making it right now for the second time this
month..

  182. **Kelly** -- February 6, 2021 @ 4:55 PM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

This was very good! As are most of Damned Delicious’ recipes. I made half of
the recipe because I was the only one home tonight. It was a bit bland at
first for my taste, so I added extra curry paste, another pinch of brown
sugar, more lime and more cilantro. I also added some soy sauce and drizzle of
toasted sesame oil. Probably not authentic additions, but it added more
flavor. I think for my taste, it needed more coconut milk, but as a starting
point (for each person’s personal taste), it was delicious! I will get more
coconut milk and broth and add that before I freeze the leftovers. Very good,
and I will make again with some modifications for my personal taste!

  183. **js** -- February 5, 2021 @ 11:37 AM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

Used this recipe as inspiration as wanted a more mild flavor. Used green curry
paste, and also soba noodles as that's what I had on hand. Missed the step on
removing chicken (also used chicken thighs), and used a jar of roasted red
pepper (added at end with herbs) diced, and also added fresh spinach. Served
to two of my guys who were thrilled that is wasn't all spice but had good
flavor. Will continue to use this recipe as a jumping off point to use towards
our liking. Would love some tips on fresh ginger as I always find it time
consuming and dangerous to peel and grate! Thank you for sharing recipe.

    * **Candis** -- April 11, 2021 @ 10:25 AM  Reply

Freeze your ginger and just grate as you need it. Skin and all

  184. **Jackie** -- February 3, 2021 @ 5:52 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was delicious and easy to make. I will definitely be making this again!

  185. **Aven** -- February 3, 2021 @ 5:06 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was a great recipe. It's delicious and easy to make. I used extra firm
tofu instead of chicken which I suspect wouldn't keep as well in leftovers,
but tasted just as good. The broth is excellent but definitely needed the
cilantro and lime juice so I wouldn't be afraid to add those heavily and pack
on the basil. Next time I will add some cayenne and more curry paste.

  186. **Stephanie** -- February 2, 2021 @ 4:27 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Amazing! This recipie can easily be customized for individual preference.
Added sliced mushrooms to give it more texture. Also agree with the other
reviews that the curry paste can be tweaked. I added more for a saturated
flavor. Will definitely be making again with bok choy and other veggies.

  187. **Lydia wollman** -- February 1, 2021 @ 5:04 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This soup is so good! But I highly recommend doing half of the red curry paste
as it was very spicy! But still so good!

  188. **Martha** -- January 31, 2021 @ 6:20 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was so delicious! I’m glad we have leftovers for today!!! I cut down the
broth per other reviews but with the noodles soaking up some of the sauce, I
would leave it at the full amount next time. We used lo Mein noodles and they
also work well in this recipe. Added kale, water chestnuts, mushrooms and
shredded carrots for even more veggies!! Will definitely make again.

  189. **Angie** -- January 29, 2021 @ 6:28 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is by far the best soup I have made in my culinary (25 year) life! My
family loves this soup and is amazed that I made it because it reminds us of a
soup we get from a restaurant. Thank you for posting this recipe.

  190. **Charlene** -- January 25, 2021 @ 6:40 PM  Reply

This was really good, I think I’ll decrease the chicken stock next time, the
way the current recipe is written has me wanting more coconut flavor to shine
through. I used tofu instead of chicken (which was phenomenal) I will try
shrimp next time. Also, I think I’ll try some kale and mushrooms with it as
well.

  191. **April B.** -- January 23, 2021 @ 4:08 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I made this soup today for the second time, and it was even better than the
first time! This recipe is A-1! Thank you to the commenters who suggested
adding lemongrass. I made that addition today and it really kicked up an
already awesome recipe!

  192. **Shan** -- January 22, 2021 @ 2:09 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I love this recipe! Honestly I want this every. single. day.

I've made it with the flat pad thai noodles when that's all I've had on hand
and it also freezes well. We also discovered different red thai pastes have a
very different kick! Add a little at a time, you can always add more!

    * **Emily** -- June 13, 2021 @ 3:34 AM  Reply

Really helpful to know it freezes well, thank you!

  193. **Jenna** -- January 22, 2021 @ 9:57 AM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

I made this soup close to the recipe but added 1/8 tsp of Cayenne pepper
(ground) and 1/4 tsp of Huoy Fong to get a nice kick. I used olive oil when
cooking the veggies but I think it made it too oily so next time I plan to use
coconut oil and a bit less. The flavour was very good. I didn’t use chicken
since my husband is vegetarian, so we used “seasoned vegetable bouillon”. Next
time I’ll prob add some firm tofu to give it more umph and use glass noodles
instead of rice noodles so leftovers keep better.

  194. **sarah** -- January 21, 2021 @ 5:37 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I dont often type reviews for dishes that I try, however this was one dish
that was too good and deserved the extra rating. Honestly a great meal for any
day. There's such a mix of herbs and flavors in this dish and you just have to
trust that it will come together in the end. Some key differences in my
version:

I used palm sugar instead of brown sugar and eyeballed the amount, one bunch
of basil from the grocery store herb section (eyeballs again but maybe a
smidge more than recipe), used ginger paste in tube (make sure you read the
ingredients to ensure its 100%), and only about a 1/2 tbsp of cilantro paste
(from tube again). Don't forget to soak your noodles according to package
directions and cut them in half, use quality coconut milk, and don't skimp on
the good quality fish sauce! This recipe is a keeper. I ate it with rice and
made a filling meal.

  195. **Paula** -- January 20, 2021 @ 5:15 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was absolutely delicious!!! I made it just as you directed!!!easy and
wonderful!!!

  196. **Monique** -- January 20, 2021 @ 5:04 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Damn delicious! You could also throw in some pineapple cubes.

  197. **Eileen** -- January 20, 2021 @ 3:04 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I continue to make this recipe at the repeated requests from my family. I
don’t use chicken but rather a nice firm white fish such as Cod or Turbot. I
first Sautéd a small amount of the fish instead of chicken to get the
wonderful brown bits into the broth but the fish for the bowls of soup is
baked separately and added to each bowl. Today I baked Cod for this recipe and
it was a really big hit! I recommend this recipe wholeheartedly!

  198. **Sarahbeth Bush** -- January 20, 2021 @ 1:36 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Phenomenal!!!! I followed another user's suggestion and used 4 cups of chicken
broth instead of 6. Also, I increased the amount of red curry paste to 4 tbs.
Perfection.

  199. **Amanda** -- January 19, 2021 @ 10:13 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Love this recipe! I skipped on the chicken and added some bouillon to augment
the flavor. I also added cherry tomatoes, baby corn and shrimp. Yum!

I added thin egg noodles, but my hubby said it was better with rice.

  200. **Farah** -- January 19, 2021 @ 2:44 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Perfect recipe! I made it exactly as is except I only had light coconut milk,
ugh! BUT! It's still tasted absolutely fantastic! I can't wait to make it
again!

  201. **Sibora** -- January 19, 2021 @ 10:16 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Amazing soup! I added a tbs more of the curry paste and chilling oil because
we love our soups hot and spicy.  
I didn’t have rice noodles so I used glass noodles and it was just perfect.  
The glass noodles don’t get soggy and they don’t absorb all the liquid so the
left over was just as perfect as on the day I made it.

  202. **Katie** -- January 17, 2021 @ 5:07 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This soup is delicious!! I didn’t make any changes and thought the flavor was
spot on! We will definitely be making this soup again.

  203. **Emily** -- January 16, 2021 @ 6:29 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Fantastic! My family loved it! We will make this again and again! Thank you!

  204. **Cheryl Ann Miller** -- January 16, 2021 @ 5:31 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was so fantastic. Were used Bird's instant red curry paste. I did make
the noodles separately, but I think they would have had more flavor if I had
followed the instructions.

  205. **Jess** -- January 11, 2021 @ 6:56 PM  Reply

I feel like this recipe alone is pretty bland. I suggest adding some
lemongrass and kaffir lime. Definitely makes it more flavourful

  206. **Karen** -- January 11, 2021 @ 12:46 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I absolutely love this soup. I did however make some changes. I add about 6-7
dried Kaffir lime leaves, 2 TBSP of fish sauce instead of 1, 1 TBSP lemongrass
paste and a can of bamboo shoots. I leave out the noodles and I have jasmine
rice on the side which I dip into the soup with a spoon. I also omit the
cilantro just because it not a fan of it. With these tweaks it just makes it
taste so authentic and it’s the best soup I’ve ever had!

    * **Ashleigh de Lange** -- January 12, 2021 @ 10:44 AM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

The soup is delicious, although it took me around 3 hours to make. I did add
lemon zest, fried quartered mushrooms and marinaded the chicken in some red
curry paste, garlic and ginger before frying.  
I also used 100g of the red curry paste instead of the recommendation of 45g.

  207. **Debra Woods** -- January 11, 2021 @ 10:58 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Thank you for this GREAT Recipe!! I made it today, and this will be one I will
make very often. Can't wait to see what other recipies you have..

  208. **bimply sqew** -- January 9, 2021 @ 7:20 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

i love this recipe sm!! i’ve made it for friends and family. they’ve all loved
it!

  209. **Claire Stapley** -- January 5, 2021 @ 7:16 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I made this and it was delicious. The only thing I might do differently next
time would be to use 2 tablespoons of red curry paste as opposed to 3.

  210. **Emilie Richards** -- January 3, 2021 @ 3:27 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is delicious. Tonight we made it with frozen chicken-veggie potstickers
from Trader Joe’s instead of rice noodles and that was exceptional. The recipe
lends itself to creativity. Thank you so much for this one.

  211. **Katie Gilbert** -- December 30, 2020 @ 6:18 PM  Reply

Soooo amazing! Prep took the longest amount of time during the production of
this soup, if you don’t count trying to find fish sauce at my local market.
Great flavor! I will make this again during the cold weather!

  212. **Lacey pfeffer** -- December 29, 2020 @ 10:16 PM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

I used 1 Tbs of the red curry and it was plenty hot. I also used the whole
package of noodles. The rest of the ingredients were spot on. Fed 2 adults and
a teen boy. We ate it ALL.

  213. **Elaine** -- December 27, 2020 @ 5:46 PM  Reply

So good!  
Perfect for our Sunday night!

  214. **Kate** -- December 23, 2020 @ 4:38 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Completely unreal! Most my Thai meals I’ve searched have been a flop but this
one does not disappoint! My husband and I love spice so because of that too
double the curry paste, otherwise it’s perfect as is!

  215. **Carly** -- December 19, 2020 @ 7:24 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

So delicious! I doubled the water and coconut milk. It has a kick so I added
plain yogurt to the kids dishes. Will make again!

  216. **Tony** -- December 19, 2020 @ 11:08 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Love it. Kids loved it. * for my notes: doubled the ginger, added one more T
of red curry, used a rotisserie chicken, put the carcass in the oil for step
1, cooked the noodles on the side as someone else mentioned, 3/4 of a large
onion, half a good lime.

Really great recipe. My pickiest of pickiest asks for this dish all the time.

  217. **Andi** -- December 12, 2020 @ 6:11 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

So good! First time making this recipe and I am so happy I found it! So
flavorful, simple enough to make and so delicious! My only adjustment was
subbing carrots for the bell pepper. Definitely a new favorite.

  218. **Kemi** -- December 11, 2020 @ 7:25 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was absolutely delicious! I didn’t have onions and I used Jalapeños since
I had some extra in the fridge and it was amazing. I’ll definitely make this
again!

  219. **Jill Morris** -- December 8, 2020 @ 10:32 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Love it!

  220. **Sarah K.** -- December 8, 2020 @ 11:40 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This soup was really really good! It was warm and cozy, warmed me right up. I
think I used the wrong noodles. I picked up the thicker stir fry noodles, next
time I'll look for the thinner noodles.

  221. **April** -- December 7, 2020 @ 1:11 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This soup is happiness in a bowl!! I added shrimp and also drizzled chili oil
to my serving (I like a lot of spice). I want to eat this daily. Such a
wonderful and easy recipe and I saved a ton on delivery!

  222. **Paul** -- December 7, 2020 @ 11:22 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Really excellent. Consider adding more water just before serving to make it
soupier. Thanks!

  223. **Crystal** -- December 6, 2020 @ 2:29 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Perfect flavors! The only minor tweak I made was to cook the chicken breasts
whole and shred them after cooking.

  224. **Kaley** -- December 4, 2020 @ 11:19 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

My husband thinks he doesn't like Thai food, despite never trying it. So I
made this soup last night, covered it in cilantro and jalapenos, and told him
it was "Mexican Chicken Noodle Soup". He scarfed the bowl down and asked if
there was enough for him to have seconds and thirds! Needless to say, he does
indeed like Thai food :0)

  225. **Staci** -- December 1, 2020 @ 7:13 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This recipe was delicious!! The only thing I did different was add shrimp!!

  226. **Jennifer** -- November 30, 2020 @ 12:49 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was so easy and the most AMAZING taste of any recipe I’ve tried online!
Wow!

  227. **Jessica** -- November 25, 2020 @ 5:01 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I'm so pleased with this recipe, because I am often disappointed with Asian-
inspired recipes. This one turned out really tasty and flavourful! I did not
adjust the recipe at all, but next time I may add more red curry paste and
fewer rice noodles. The noodles seemed to soak up all the wonderful broth and
it almost looked like ramen but still was scrumptious!

    * **Jessica** -- November 26, 2020 @ 4:51 PM  Reply

I wanted to add that the next time I made it, I added the noodles before
reducing, then added a bit extra water plus chicken broth afterward. It solved
the problem of too much broth getting soaked up!

  228. **Kelly Garcia** -- November 22, 2020 @ 1:47 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This soup was ahhhhhmazing! I’m feeling confident knowing I can follow the
easy to read directions that help me duplicate incredible meals. Thanks for
the recipes and keep them coming!

  229. **Nicole D.** -- November 22, 2020 @ 1:39 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Awesome recipe. Delicious the best red curry dish I’ve had. Better than the
Thai restaurants I eat at.

  230. **Diloka** -- November 22, 2020 @ 12:59 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

It came out so well . The flavors are awesome . Thank you for sharing . Will
definitely be a recipe I’ll be repeating often .

  231. **Brenda** -- November 20, 2020 @ 6:59 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I have done this recipe several times! It is my favorite ❤️. At this point I
almost memorized it.

  232. **Donna** -- November 12, 2020 @ 4:48 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Incredible! It was a family favorite! Ty!

  233. **Alex** -- November 7, 2020 @ 11:18 AM  Reply

Made this twice, make sure you use rice sticks instead of rice noodles because
the second time i made it the starch from the rice noodles thickened and it
was no longer a soup. 🙂

    * **Jackie** -- February 1, 2021 @ 4:10 AM  Reply

Thanks for tip.I loved the soup but the leftovers not so much. I thought I
would cook noodles separate next time but maybe I'll look for rice sticks
instead.

  234. **Shannon** -- November 2, 2020 @ 12:12 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

My husband and I made this soup last week and it was delish!! Thank you for
sharing such a great and simple recipe!! I will be checking out the rest of
your recipies!

  235. **Kesha** -- November 1, 2020 @ 3:37 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Fantastic recipie. The flavors are amazing. I added diced mushrooms and cooked
them with the onion and pepper, and I used the entire jar of thai red curry
paste. I didn't have any chicken so I used firm tofu in its place. Thanks for
posting this recipe!

  236. **Sharon L Akofio Sowah** -- November 1, 2020 @ 7:11 AM  Reply

I made the soup just as directed. It was sooooooo good! On a scale from 1-10,
it was 100! I'm proud of myself! Husband had seconds! Then I put it away and
out of his reach! Loved this recipe!

  237. **Megan** -- October 30, 2020 @ 6:22 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is a keeper! I added shitaki muchrooms and fresh spinach to this, instead
of chicken. Added the veg when the broth was simmering. This is beyond yummy.
I did brown rice ramen noodles seperate. and put them in the bowl with the
soup, let sit a couple minutes, added the cilantro, thai basil and
lime….heaven! thank you for posting!

  238. **Adam Joe** -- October 25, 2020 @ 10:35 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I love all your recipes tips and suggestions. Good work, Looking forward to
see more from you!!

  239. **Steph** -- October 21, 2020 @ 5:22 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I love this recipe so much but I always have a hard time with rice noodles.
What am I doing wrong? I serve this over rice and I’m sure it’s just as good!
Good work, as always!

    * **Mechelle Navarro** -- November 2, 2020 @ 2:33 PM  Reply

I don't know if she answered but usually you have to cook them for a minute in
boiling water, then drain set aside then add them to our soup

      * **Heidi wergeland** -- November 2, 2020 @ 7:50 PM  Reply

Good to know.. Im making this tmrw.. Totally outta my comfort zone soup..
Don't have a pepper, thought I did, gonna add mushrooms.. Do I add oil an salt
to noodles while boiling?

        * **Jessica** -- November 25, 2020 @ 4:54 PM  Reply

Normally if you weren't making a soup, you would need to boil or soak the rice
noodles to soften them, but adding them as the recipe instructs is fine in
this case. The soup will soften the noodles and allow the flavour to soak in
nicely, so no other steps necessary.

  240. **Laurie O** -- October 21, 2020 @ 4:47 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I have been so bored with food during this endless pandemic (Oct. 20, 2020
already - have been at this in the U.S. since March!). Didn't want to order
in, didn't want to cook, didn't want to eat what I cooked…. and then I read
this recipe today. I happened to have all the ingredients on hand, was so
excited while putting this together and… It did not disappoint. Absolutely
delicious, and just what my poor, bored brain and body craved. I ate three
bowls right off the bat, and can't wait to have it left over. And then I'm
going to make it again. And again. And maybe again! Thank you for sharing this
perfection.

  241. **Stephen W** -- October 18, 2020 @ 10:31 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Absolutely perfect. Added some hot peppers from the freezer for an added kick.
Recipe is very balanced and flavorful. Thank you for sharing.

  242. **Nicole H** -- October 14, 2020 @ 8:16 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I made this recipe as part of my meal prep for the week and I haven’t
regretted it at all. The red curry paste I used was only mildly spicy, so I
added a bit more chili oil for heat, but other than that I made it as written
and will do so again. The fish sauce added at the end really gives it depth.
Don’t skip it! Plus, the lime juice and herbs brighten it up so it isn’t so
heavy.

  243. **Wendy** -- October 12, 2020 @ 4:45 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Amazing!! I was concerned about the amount of curry paste thinking it might be
too spicy but the coconut milk and noodles cool it down. It was perfect! And
the lime juice was a tasty touch! Definitely making this again!

  244. **Smeet** -- October 9, 2020 @ 1:09 PM  Reply

I’ve made this soup so many times. Love it in my way

  245. **Melissa** -- October 7, 2020 @ 11:17 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I've made this soup so many times. I LOVE it! Thank you so much for the
recipe. I'm so happy the cooler weather is almost here so I can start making
it again. Make sure you use fresh ingredients and not dried or powdered. It
makes a difference.

  246. **JoLene Kucera** -- October 5, 2020 @ 8:27 AM  Reply

I would likw tto make this today, but we can't have a bunch of processed
sugar. Could I substitute another sweetener? Honey or coconut sugar or
something else??

    * **Cristina** -- October 11, 2020 @ 2:01 PM  Reply

I substituted with agave and it came out divine!

    * **Cathy B** -- January 5, 2021 @ 2:28 PM  Reply

I was out of brown sugar last time I made it so used coconut sugar instead.
Worked great. I’ve made it MANY times - so delicious!

  247. **Jacki** -- October 4, 2020 @ 2:47 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was delicious!! I decreased the chicken broth to 4c, added tofu instead
of chicken, and added a couple of Thai peppers for some added heat! My
husband, who isn’t a big fan of any curry dish, loved it!! Will definitely be
made again and again in this house!

    * **Leah** -- October 28, 2020 @ 2:24 PM  Reply

I’m wanting to do mine with tofu as well, I always order fried tofu at Thai
restaurants, but I’ve never actually made it my self, any suggestions on how
to cook the tofu?

      * **Ems** -- November 15, 2020 @ 2:35 PM  Reply

I use firm or extra firm tofu, cube it, then sandwich it between paper towels
or clean kitchen towels. Then I put a heavy pot it and wait about 30 mns.  
I toss the cubes in corn starch, then I fry them in a bit of ool until golden.
I let them drain on a cookie rack or paper towels and sprinkle with salt.

  248. **Tammarito’s** -- October 3, 2020 @ 11:00 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Changes - 4 C broth, shrimp instead of chicken, orange bell pepper- bc that’s
what I had, added curry powder, cumin, turmeric, 1 shake nutmeg, 1 tsp red
chili paste, curry powder. End result was delicious!

    * **Tammarito’s** -- October 3, 2020 @ 11:02 AM  Reply

Also cook noodles separate and add to bowl pouring soup over

  249. **Val** -- October 1, 2020 @ 5:54 PM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

Soup tastes amazing!  
Thank you for sharing it!  
There are few things that's to be adjust…  
1) And MOST important - COOK NOODLES SEPARATELY! (If you will not eat this
soup right away and don't want it to become a jelly mess after reheating)  
2) Add Coconut milk at the same time as fish sauce, this way it will not
crumble up. (This is optional)

  250. **M** -- September 30, 2020 @ 5:25 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Oh my, this is amazing. Definitely restaurant quality. We don’t eat meat, so I
subbed mushrooms and cauliflower for the chicken. I think it would also taste
great with carrots, bok choi or broccoli. My 7 year old was eating it too so I
only added 2 TBSP of red curry paste and it was still nicely flavoured but not
too spicy. Definitely a keeper!

  251. **Skip** -- September 30, 2020 @ 8:24 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Outstanding flavor! I ended up using a full 10.5 oz package of rice noodles,
which was way too much. I wasn't sure if the recipe was calling for 8oz or
4oz. Next time, I'll use closer to 4! I did use pre-cooked rotisserie chicken
I had on hand and lite coconut milk, but I can't imagine it took away from the
flavor. I may try with shrimp as my protein next time, too. Thank you for a
great recipe!

  252. **Susan Fineman** -- September 28, 2020 @ 6:17 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Oh, yeah! This soup is the best. It is delicious. I followed the recipe and
made brown rice noodles separately. We love it!

  253. **Kelly** -- September 27, 2020 @ 7:47 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I want to take a bath in this broth! Definitely added to the soup season
rotation!

  254. **Ayaz Maniar** -- September 24, 2020 @ 5:01 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

OMG How easy and delicious. The family loved it also. I am glad I have some
leftover for lunch tomorrow. Thanks.

  255. **Lisset** -- September 24, 2020 @ 3:20 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Delicious

  256. **Joan** -- September 20, 2020 @ 4:09 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Oh my this is good! I kept getting compliments from my family throughout the
meal. Followed the recipe as presented except for the basil, and that's only
because I forgot to put it on my shopping list. Though some people noted the
spiciness of the soup, the brand of curry paste I used (Thai Kitchen) gave the
soup just a hint of warmth, but I would not call it spicy. I really enjoyed
the slight tang of the lime juice in the broth. The only thing I will do
differently next time is add more noodles. Thanks for a great recipe.

  257. **Suzanne** -- September 19, 2020 @ 8:38 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I added grated carrots and used whole box of rice noodles to thicken and it
was delicious!

  258. **Mike** -- September 17, 2020 @ 1:49 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Use to make Red Curry Chicken all the time. Never tried making it with noodles
before but after doing so I found a new favorite way of making it. We ate the
entire pot, only thing I did to the recipe was I used Thai Basil from my
garden since the recipe did not state what type of basil to use and I found
regular sweet basil may not be the correct type. It was absolutely delicious
and it will be added to my permanent recipe collection!

  259. **Elsa** -- September 16, 2020 @ 3:49 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Made this tonight and it was delicious! The only thing I changed was that I
added shredded chicken instead. Also added jalapeño slices to garnish.

    * **Dina Chrys** -- September 19, 2020 @ 3:58 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Fantastic recipe!! Fans of Asian cuisine will adore this one! Tasty! Thank you
for this recipe!! Made it twice in a week

  260. **Cyd** -- September 15, 2020 @ 1:26 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Heaven❣️ The only thing I would change is to skip the lime juice at the end.
And this time, since I had no chicken, I added cauliflower for a vegetarian
meal.

  261. **Phillip** -- September 15, 2020 @ 11:55 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This soup is great! I usually add mushrooms and will occasionally swap the
chicken for shrimp and add it at the very end.

  262. **Kelly E** -- September 15, 2020 @ 7:57 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

My husband said this was his favorite thing I've ever made him! Delicious 🙂

  263. **Pam MS** -- September 13, 2020 @ 8:07 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This has become a weekly staple. My husband who is a meat snd potatoes guy
LOVES this soup. Although I do have to adjust the heat level to 2TB. My
chicken comes out dry and suggestions? I've tried to cut into chunks and tried
thin slices both ways comes out dry tough.

    * **Julie Romano** -- December 2, 2020 @ 3:43 PM  Reply

Hi Pam! Try using boneless, skinless THIGHS instead. Or you could just poach
some chopped up tenderloins in the broth as it’s reducing instead of cooking
ahead. Good luck!

  264. **Naila** -- September 9, 2020 @ 4:55 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

made this tonight just delicious! another winner! i LOVE your recipes!

  265. **Edith Foliot** -- September 8, 2020 @ 9:52 AM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

Very good, but very spicy! Way too much for kids.

  266. **Wayne** -- September 7, 2020 @ 4:04 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is just amazing! I have made it several times and it never ceases to
impress! The complex flavor of the broth is the best I have ever tasted. You
can adjust the red curry paste. Although I like it as the recipe states 3
tablespoons, I have made it with 2 for those who like it a bit less spicy.
Every person I have made it for has loved it!

  267. **Patricia** -- August 31, 2020 @ 3:29 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Yum, this is so good. My kids even eat it.  
I only add 2tbsp of curry paste because we don’t like too spicy. Great
recipe!! Thanks

  268. **John piper** -- August 25, 2020 @ 8:01 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Awesome recipe I tweaked it by increasing the recipe 4 cups of chicken broth
and 4 cups of vegitable broth I used fresh jalapenos and pepercinis and
culantro from the garden, in place of bell peppers.

  269. **Abby** -- August 25, 2020 @ 10:56 AM  Reply

Holy CRAP this was good! I usually cook slightly less labor/time intensive
things (I know, I know - this is just about as easy as it gets, but I'm a
crock pot kinda gal). Next time, I am going to make a double or triple batch
and freeze the rest, because it makes GREAT leftovers. Thaw it in the fridge
overnight and throw it in a pot for 20 minutes. Makes this recipe even better!

    * **Cyd** -- September 13, 2020 @ 12:42 PM  Reply

Do you freeze it with the rice noodles already in it? Or add them once you
thaw and reheat?  
Thanks for helping me! I’m always looking for recipes I can make a lot of and
freeze

      * **Sarah** -- September 14, 2020 @ 1:39 PM  Reply

I would definitely freeze the soup without the rice noodles and just add them
when you reheat.

        * **Lora** -- June 2, 2021 @ 5:30 PM  Reply

I have frozen the soup with the rice noodles and it came out just as good as
the day I made it. I froze it the same day I made it though so that may be
why.

  270. **Nanci** -- August 25, 2020 @ 9:00 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I thought it was delish. We love Thai food as well but no restaurants around
us. I did add shiitake mushrooms mostly because we had them. I threw few lime
leaves in there and a smidge of cayenne pepper to spice it up a bit.

  271. **Heather Flury** -- August 22, 2020 @ 4:06 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I saw this on Facebook one day and made it the next. I can't get Thai
delivered to my house and this was perfect to make. Healthier than a
restaurant and just as good!!! HUGE HIT!

  272. **Heather Flury** -- August 20, 2020 @ 1:20 PM  Reply

I want to make this tomorrow but I can't stand the smell of fish sauce in my
house. I eat it in Thai restaurants but would love to know a substitute for
the fish sauce. Can anyone give suggestions?

    * **Ellie** -- September 7, 2020 @ 12:31 PM  Reply

Soy sauce, oyster sauce, and Worcestershire sauce are a few less smelly
options, but I’m not sure about the measurements. Hope this helps!

    * **Julie** -- October 4, 2020 @ 10:08 AM  Reply

I know what you mean, I hate it too! But because you add it at the end, and it
is such a small quantity, it really doesn't smell at all. I'd also say you
could just not add it at all. It isn't a main ingredient like it would be for
basil chicken, for example. Enjoy!

    * **Janice** -- November 9, 2020 @ 1:11 PM  Reply

Try Rice vinegar. Use a 1-to-1 ratio of soy sauce and rice vinegar for extra
freshness.  
Or thinned oyster sauce 1-1  
Or tamari- 1-1 ratio, it contains little to no wheat, making it a suitable
option for those avoiding gluten — just be sure to read the ingredient label
first  
Or coconut aminos-(vegan,) a 1-to-1 ratio, are soy, wheat, and gluten-free.

  273. **Claire** -- August 17, 2020 @ 1:35 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Sooo amazing! Full of flavor and such an easy 1-pot dish. I made mine
vegetarian in my dutch oven and it was excellent.

  274. **Abby** -- August 15, 2020 @ 8:56 AM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

This soup came out very good! I added some chill oil because I wanted the
flavor to be be more bold and i wanted it spicy. Overall great recipe, I would
make it again.

  275. **Arabella Robinson** -- August 10, 2020 @ 6:41 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was absolutely amazing!! I put a little bit of the chicken broth in while
my chicken was cooking so that it wouldn’t be dry. That’s just about the only
variation that I made.

  276. **Michael Cordova** -- July 31, 2020 @ 9:20 AM  Reply

I would like to know if this recipe could be adapted to it vegetarian diet? If
so would you please send me a recipe at my email address

  277. **Caroline Lemire** -- July 29, 2020 @ 10:12 PM  Reply

Oh my goodness, BEST THAI RED CURRY SOUP I have ever made. My husband said it
tasted authentic and like we ordered it from a restaurant. Thank you for
sharing the recipe!!!!

  278. **Christine M.** -- July 23, 2020 @ 5:30 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Love this recipe. I added another tbsp or so of the the red curry paste. I
made it off of memory and by taste the third time around. Delicious!

  279. **Jenna** -- July 22, 2020 @ 6:24 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is such a wonderful recipe. I'm personally vegetarian (although I do make
an exception for things like broth and sauce) so I sub with dried shitake and
it's still so good. I've made it many times and it's never failed. If you
can't have all the greens, please still find a way to get the cilantro. It's
so good!

  280. **Audrey** -- July 20, 2020 @ 6:17 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is my go-to recipe! I always just add whatever veggies I have in the
fridge-this recipe is so easy to adapt. If you're interested in one more step
that's not too too difficult, but adds a ton flavor, get some lemongrass-makes
the dish even more authentic tasting! I always make it my dutch oven, works
great! I would advise to try to find the highest quality curry paste that you
can, nice quality = more spice, and richer flavors.

    * **Kim Cleerdin** -- August 11, 2020 @ 1:15 PM  Reply

I love lemongrass, I always want to use it. Do you just slice it open and let
it mellow in soup?

  281. **Lisa** -- July 20, 2020 @ 3:03 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Absolutely DELICIOUS! I did not add all the red curry paste it called for
because we can’t take things hot but it is delicious with ham and not too
spicy

  282. **Andrea S.** -- July 18, 2020 @ 8:31 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

First, don't make this in a standard skillet. It doesn't fit so well. Oops.
But this is a great recipe. I did add an extra tablespoon of red curry paste,
a tablespoon of Curry powder, and half a teaspoon of cayenne pepper to give
this a bit more flavor. I added an extra teaspoon of brown sugar too, but I
didn't pack my first tablespoon so that may be why I thought it was still
needed. As is, it would be good for folks who think restaurant Thai food is
too spicy. I also added a cup of frozen green beans when I re-added the
chicken to up the veggies. You could easily do brocolli too. For me, the rice
noodles to much longer than the recipe called for, like a total of 12 minutes.
But perhaps that depends on the noodles you select so just be aware of that.
Overall, this is an awesome base recipe for any kind of curry dish you like.
Next time we are thinking about cutting back on the chicken broth a bit and
just putting it over rice. Thank you for sharing!

  283. **Ardys Zoellner** -- July 17, 2020 @ 5:43 PM  Reply

Someone has stolen your recipe and it is on Pinterest. I have reported it, but
then I found your real post and thought you might want to know. I'm sure it
happens all the time but it's not fair to the person who originated the
recipe. Thank you, I plan to use your version!

  284. **Diane** -- July 17, 2020 @ 3:55 AM  Reply

This was great. Loved it and so did all my Aussie friends .Thankyou sooooo
much.

  285. **Linke** -- July 15, 2020 @ 1:37 PM  Reply

My new favorite!

  286. **StaceyC** -- July 15, 2020 @ 9:23 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I made this today for lunch for me and my husband. Very tasty and easy to
make. Full of flavor! Will make again!

  287. **Melissa** -- July 12, 2020 @ 4:53 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

My husband said this was the best thing I've ever made. It was sooooo foooood!

  288. **CF** -- July 12, 2020 @ 11:03 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Made this today - SO GOOD! Followed the recipe, except instead of chicken, I
dropped some shrimp in….because we’re having a lazy day 🙂 Loved by all,
including the 2-year old. Thank you!

  289. **Kelly** -- July 11, 2020 @ 5:11 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

SO good!! Whole fam loved it (including 3 yr old) hubby added crushed hot
peppers to his to add spice. So much flavor! This will def become a go to
recipe in our home!

  290. **Amy** -- July 9, 2020 @ 12:13 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Very good! I added green beans, carrots, and slices of jalapenos! Also added
in cumin! YUM! Thank you for this delicious recipe!

    * **K** -- September 10, 2020 @ 12:16 PM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

I've never made anything like this so I wasn't too sure what to expect. It was
good and flavorful! My husband and 2 out of 3 kids enjoyed it, so I would say
that's a win. It was nice to have something different. Next time I'll add more
red curry paste.

  291. **Kay Pea** -- July 8, 2020 @ 7:22 AM  Reply

Okay, so I went to the grocery store and FORGOT TO BUY SCALLIONS!! Will that
drastically affect the finished product? Can I double the white onion instead?

    * **Kay Pea** -- July 11, 2020 @ 9:39 PM  Reply

Okay so I got the scallions and made this today. It was SOOOO GOOD! I added
some mushrooms, because I had them and needed to use them on something. I will
definitely make this again!

      * **EM** -- October 30, 2020 @ 12:58 PM  Reply

the green onions are mainly just a garnish and add in a little flavour but
should certainly not make or break the dish

  292. **Pauline Allan** -- July 6, 2020 @ 2:59 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Really tasty and the family loved it. This recipe is a good one. I also added
a few prawns at the end for the husband and everyone wanted more. Don't be
tempted to add more noodles, the recipe has the right combination. I might
also throw in some green beans or snow peas next time or some extra veg. Great
recipe overall and very tasty.

  293. **Judie Mather** -- June 27, 2020 @ 4:48 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I made this tonight and it was amazing. Thank you thank you for this recipe!

  294. **susie pisano** -- June 26, 2020 @ 1:19 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Omg, this was insane. Noone spoke and we just kept saying wow this is really
good. I'm saving this recipe for sure.

  295. **Stacy** -- June 23, 2020 @ 11:21 AM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

I haven’t t made this yet but it looks yummy. Is it really spicy? Thanks!

    * **Andrea S.** -- July 18, 2020 @ 8:36 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

We didn't find this spicy at all. I eat a lot of Thai food though. We added a
whole other tablespoon of curry paste and curry powder and cayenne to get it
to a restaurant level 1 spicy. Some of the spiciness will depend on your curry
paste.

  296. **Angie** -- June 21, 2020 @ 11:51 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was amazing

  297. **Sarah** -- June 19, 2020 @ 9:45 PM  Reply

Hello! I’m really excited to try this dish. But I have what what might be a
stupid question…do I use regular basil, the kind often used in Italian food?
Or Thai basil?

    * **Andrea S.** -- July 18, 2020 @ 8:38 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I used regular basil, but it doesn't give quite the same flavor and I think it
is more mild. It tasted great though. The Thai Basil will give more of that
licorice like taste that some people really don't like. The regular basil is a
safer flavor.

  298. **Kayla** -- June 16, 2020 @ 11:28 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Just AMAZING

  299. **McKay** -- June 10, 2020 @ 7:56 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I don't usually leave reviews but this soup was INCREDIBLE. I'll definitely be
making this again.

  300. **Becky** -- June 9, 2020 @ 7:23 AM  Reply

Pretty damn delicious! Made it last night, and the hubs loved it.

  301. **Cherul** -- June 8, 2020 @ 3:12 PM  Reply

Amazing soup. I added the noodles at the very end also. Does any one know if
the soup can be frozen (without the noodles)and used later on?

  302. **Amanda** -- June 7, 2020 @ 6:38 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Just had this for dinner tonight. Made recipe exactly as listed. Added the
noodles at the very end and served immediately just like the recipe says. It
was excellent and enjoyed by all. Reminded us of our family trips to Thailand.
Thank you so much for the great recipe. We will be making it again in the not
too distant future! Highly recommend.

  303. **Lulu** -- June 2, 2020 @ 8:12 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

It was a hit in my home! Excellent recipe! My home smelled sooooo yummy! My
family (Mexican) said this dish (my cooked dish) resembled one of our local
Thai Restaurants 🙂 Yay!!!!

Recommendation: Now, the only thing I would recommend is to wet noodles and
remove! Or add at the very end because it literally Absorbs all the broth.
That way your soup looks very soupy and not just noodles.

  304. **Emily** -- June 2, 2020 @ 10:13 AM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

i'm pretty confused by this recipe. it's extremely similar to this one:
https://damndelicious.net/2013/06/16/thai-red-curry-soup-recipesfromtheheart-
and-a/  
but the proportions are very different. this recipe has three table spoons
curry paste, a can of coconut milk, and six cups of broth. the other recipe
has three table spoons curry paste, a can of coconut milk, and TWO cups of
broth/stock.

how can the same amount of curry paste flavor two cups of liquid OR six cups
of liquid? is one of these recipes meant to be extremely mild?

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- June 2, 2020 @ 10:32 AM  Reply

Hi Emily! These are simply two different recipes. The difference in the amount
of liquids also takes into consideration that one recipe has noodles and the
other does not. All of our recipes are tested by us and you can trust the
measurements for whichever recipe you decide to go with. 🙂

      * **Emily** -- June 4, 2020 @ 2:17 PM  Reply

There is a third curry recipe that has the same amount of curry paste, the
same amount of coconut milk, and NO broth or water!

https://damndelicious.net/2018/02/25/easy-thai-red-curry/

you guys seem fixed on the idea of three tablespoons of curry paste.

I made some of these and I prefer the ratio of three curry paste: one coconut
milk: two broth

        * **Merie** -- July 15, 2020 @ 10:05 AM  Reply

It might be because some packets of Thai red curry paste are three tablespoons
inside… i doubt its because they are fixed on the number 3.

          * **Wai Ling Suan-Klein** -- August 7, 2021 @ 6:47 PM 

Rated 5 out of 5

Its so easy to make and i added lemon grass to it. I used 3 cups of broth. It
just up to everyone preferences. We love it and thanks for sharing.

        * **Law** -- August 16, 2020 @ 5:48 PM  Reply

Who cares about the differences! It’s all about personal preference. If you
want to add more/less of any of the ingredients then do it.

      * **Donna** -- August 18, 2020 @ 3:33 PM  Reply

I made it yesterday and it was yummy. It took me a long time as the chicken
breats had bone in. I had to pick, wash an rip basil. I find taking the leaves
off cilantro very time consumingm but it was worth the time spent. There was a
lot of chopping but nice to have the fresh vegs. I will add a bit more curry
paste to the leftover for a bit more zing.

    * **Shay** -- June 14, 2020 @ 2:18 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I made it for lunch and it was sooooo good! The taste was amazing! Thanks for
sharing the recipe. Will definitely make this again.

  305. **Mutsa** -- May 24, 2020 @ 3:13 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Made this for dinner tonight and it was pretty freaking delicious! Thanks a
lot for the recipe!

  306. **Gabriella** -- May 19, 2020 @ 10:23 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is easy to make with pantry items most of us keep it you’ve ever made
Thai food. I freeze my Kafir lime leaves so have those too (I added to the
recipe).  
This recipe is excellent, even better than my favourite take out. Really, give
this a try.  
I added 1/3 cup of organic peanut butter. Instead of the noodles I cooked some
Jasmine rice in a separate pot, and kept the rice apart from the soup. I
spooned some rice into each bowl and then ladled the soup over the rice. This
means the soup doesn’t needlessly thicken (either with noodles or rice). Any
leftovers soup and rice both store well separately.  
Anyone who has tasted this thinks it’s fantastic

    * **joanne** -- June 7, 2020 @ 4:21 AM  Reply

kaffir is a racial slur. can we call them Makrut leaves?

      * **Heather** -- July 12, 2020 @ 12:59 PM  Reply

I just learned this a few weeks ago. Thanks for the reminder.

      * **NORMA Cowan** -- August 27, 2020 @ 5:20 AM  Reply

Thank you, JOANNE. I didn't know about 'Kaffir' being a racial slur. I will
use 'Makrut now.

  307. **Veronica Cortes** -- May 19, 2020 @ 5:07 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Delicious and so easy to make!! I used fish instead of chicken and water
instead of chicken broth. Added some mushrooms and no sugar! Turned out
perfect!!

    * **Sam** -- June 7, 2020 @ 3:42 PM  Reply

Exactly what I was looking for! I don’t have chicken broth and don’t want to
add sugar!!

  308. **Emily** -- May 17, 2020 @ 4:15 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is the greatest Thai curry soup recipe! This is definitely going into our
recipe book, it was a hit! I didn't have curry paste so I subbed 3 tsp red
curry powder and added more ginger and the taste was fantastic. I followed
another poster's response and kept the rice noodles separate and they didn't
get mushy with leftovers. Next time I'm going to add mushrooms. Thank you for
the amazing recipe!

  309. **Stephanie North** -- May 15, 2020 @ 6:47 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Amazing!!! Better than the restaurant!

  310. **Molly** -- May 12, 2020 @ 6:32 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Finally, a good Thai soup recipe that turned out exactly as I was hoping it
would! So delicious. I usually use full fat coconut milk in recipes like this,
but for this one I used lite, and it was still amazing. The kids finished off
every last bit of it. Can't wait to make it again!

  311. **Karin** -- May 12, 2020 @ 5:45 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

First off, I freakin' LOVE Thai food! I was excited when I found this recipe
because I actually had MOST of the ingredients.

Ok, I had to make my own coconut milk. Easy peasy.  
And make my own and curry paste. No problem.  
And I thought I had fresh cilantro, but it turned into parsley when I wasn't
looking. So…

I'll say it quickly. IUSEDDRIEDCILANTRO!! I also cut back on the broth and
used the thick pad thai rice noodles so it turned out more like a noodle dish
rather than a soup. Still… It. Is. DELICIOUS!!!! And now my house smells like
my favorite Thai restaurant! I'll definitely make this again, when I have
fresh cilantro. That'll take it off the charts!

  312. **Linz** -- May 8, 2020 @ 8:24 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

So yummy! I added more like 4tbls of curry paste including one to the chicken
as it was sealing. Also slightly less stock. It had plenty of flavour and I’d
be more than happy receiving it from a restaurant! Will % make again! Side
note, might be too spicy for some with added paste and less stock but was
perfect for us!

  313. **Kelly** -- May 6, 2020 @ 2:43 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I used vegetable broth instead of chicken broth. This was reallyyyy good. I
used 8oz of noodles bc I took it as half of the 16oz box. Next time I’ll use
only 4oz as the recipe states bc it was more noodley than soupy, but I don’t
think you can really go wrong with this recipe. It was still great!

  314. **Myriam** -- May 5, 2020 @ 4:39 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is the best soup I’ve ever made. I will be making this again !! I added
spinach at the same time as the noodles and didn’t have fish sauce but it
tasted AMAZING. Wow. New favorite!

  315. **cathy ashikawa** -- April 30, 2020 @ 9:44 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

it looks amazing and craving it now. gonna make it soon. just wanted to ask if
you could post pictures of the items you used. especially the rice noodle and
the red curry paste please. thank you. 🙂

  316. **Ingrid Fernandez** -- April 30, 2020 @ 9:13 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Omgeee this was amazing. My 16 year old son has been my taste tester for years
because he never says no to spice, authentic foods - pretty much anything. We
LOVED this dish. Also the PF Chang’s lettuce wraps amazing!

  317. **Louise** -- April 28, 2020 @ 5:26 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

It was easy and cheap to make, and it looked both amazing and colourful as
well as being delicious AF.

  318. **Deana Anderson** -- April 27, 2020 @ 5:55 PM  Reply

The picture looked so good and I followed the recipe to the exact but I found
the soup to lack flavor and I was really disappointed

    * **JL** -- May 15, 2020 @ 1:50 PM  Reply

Agreed. Added more salt and lemon juice and it improved it a bit. Soup was too
“soupy” and maybe will try adding a bit of starch next time.

  319. **Sonya** -- April 24, 2020 @ 4:07 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Oh my gosh, this recipe was AMAZING. My family of four all raved about it and
finished off the entire 6-serving meal in one sitting. Perfectly spicy and
warm without being too spicy. I used the Maesri brand of curry paste. I'm
definitely adding this to my "favorite recipe" collection. Thank you for
sharing it!

  320. **Gina** -- April 20, 2020 @ 1:11 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

can you use the blue elephant red curry sauce to replace the ingredients? just
wondering? i have a pouch here.

  321. **TMoney** -- April 19, 2020 @ 5:21 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I hate making this recipe. Why? Because there are 7 in our household and every
time i make it its NONE left. They'll eat 3 bowls in one sitting so i feel
like I have to be right back in the kitchen to cook something else and thus
not sticking to my budget. Even the picky kid eaters. Other than that tidbit
of info, this is a great recipe. Delicious. Impressive. Easy to make. Not to
expensive. Comfort food- especially if its chilly. Elegant enough for a dinner
party. Be the envy of all the other women who claim they can cook. This recipe
does not need any modifications. I did make the mistake once and didn't have a
red bell pepper and used a green one…. that changed the taste… red adds a
sweetness to it compared. We like ours more soupy than a bunch of noodles……..
I modify all of my recipes to my liking and I use 8 cups of the broth, add red
pepper flakes and shrimp.

    * **Elise** -- July 7, 2020 @ 12:30 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Can I omit the fish sauce or is there a good substitute I could use? I’m at
looking to make this vegan. Do you think I could use miso broth instead or
veggie broth?

  322. **M Horton** -- April 19, 2020 @ 12:52 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

We LOVE THIS SOUP! Since posting this recipe, it has become a staple in our
home. My 19 year-old daughter can't eat wheat, dairy, or eggs so Asian food is
her go-to! She's makes this soup in a double batch, twice a week, keeping
cooked noodles separate so they don't get soggy/mushy. We add different
veggies that we have on hand! Many of your recipes have become "family
recipes" that we make again and again.

Thank you for your recipes, and for comforting our souls during our Stay-At-
Home time 🙂

  323. **Mer** -- April 18, 2020 @ 10:16 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is THE BEST red curry soup I’ve tried ever. Nothing to envy to
restaurants!  
It’s probably the happiest I’ve been with an internet recipe.

  324. **kelly o'brien** -- April 17, 2020 @ 9:09 AM  Reply

Hi there - just wondered if you could freeze this and at what step

    * **Caitlin** -- May 4, 2020 @ 8:09 AM  Reply

Keep the noodles and garnishes out, and it'll freeze pretty well. (Go through
to step 6, minus adding noodles.) Bell peppers get a little weird in the
freezer unless you like them super soft, so add those later if you want them
with a little tooth.

  325. **Rani** -- April 16, 2020 @ 3:19 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Amazing! Followed recipe as it was, only lacked basil as I could get hold of.
Was delicious!

  326. **Dina** -- April 15, 2020 @ 9:48 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was delicious. I used yellow instead of red curry and some left over
lemon grass chicken I had on hand. Will totally make this again.

  327. **Laura Kennedy** -- April 15, 2020 @ 6:37 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

My family really liked it! I doubled the recipe but used only one can of
coconut milk and only three Tbsp of red curry. It would still be too spicy for
most of our friends but we LOVE it!

  328. **Alejandra Havens** -- April 15, 2020 @ 9:52 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is our new favorite go to soup! It's so delicious. Thank you for sharing
it!

  329. **mirada** -- April 12, 2020 @ 5:40 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Wonderful! I am sure if I had cilantro it would be even better! First time
making Thai food and I love it!

    * **miranda** -- April 12, 2020 @ 5:41 PM  Reply

Forgot to add that I added Fresh jalapeños! added a nice kick!

  330. **Ana** -- April 8, 2020 @ 5:00 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

It came out amazing!!! I actually used kemp noodles instead and it was
slamming!!!! This is a must do recipe!

  331. **Sara** -- April 7, 2020 @ 12:03 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Very easy and satisfying dish!!

  332. **Brenda** -- April 3, 2020 @ 3:46 PM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

This was amazing. It turned out great, just like a restaurant dish. I ended up
using dry basil (2 tsp), added for the 10 minute simmer due to not using
fresh. Thank you for sharing this recipe.

  333. **Darbi** -- April 2, 2020 @ 11:44 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This soup is soooo good! I was worried that it wouldn't be as good as our
local Thai restaurant but this recipe definitely delivered! I don't leave
reviews, but this was totally worth it! My first recipe from this blog but it
definitely won't be my last!

  334. **Lucie Desjardins** -- April 2, 2020 @ 9:51 AM  Reply

I made this for my fussy son. He liked i! This was very good. I didn't have
the red curry paste but used a small red pepper and it was still good.

    * **Tammy** -- May 3, 2020 @ 7:42 PM  Reply

I really really really wanted to love this soup. But just being honest, I
thought it was on the bland side. Maybe having it sit for a day will enhance
the flavors… which usually is the case with most soups. Next time… I will use
chicken thighs instead of breasts for more flavor and I will also coat the
chicken with curry and be a little more judicious with the salt and pepper,
also possibly add garlic. I will add atleast another Tablespoon of curry
paste, more garlic and chili pepper flakes to the liquid.

  335. **Marcus** -- April 1, 2020 @ 11:33 AM  Reply

Question? Is that half of an 8 0z. package or does it mean half of a 16oz
package?

  336. **kathy broggio** -- March 30, 2020 @ 10:21 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Love this soup! I never leave reviews, but for this I had to. Credit due.

  337. **Iva** -- March 28, 2020 @ 11:07 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Amazing! I added mushrooms, used coconut oil instead to start, extra fish
sauce, and I cooked rice noodles separately and added them to serve! Excellent
recipe. I love Thai food and this is very easy to make! Thank you very much
for the recipe!

  338. **Kath** -- March 27, 2020 @ 4:06 AM  Reply

Rated 3 out of 5

I felt like it was a good started recipe. I will be playing more with it. I
added another tbsp of red curry later and that helped a bit. It just felt
lacking in flavor. I did add a carrot, mushrooms and as I realized it had no
heat to it, I added a jalapeno pepper.

I will make again, but I will use the suggestion of another poster and reduce
to 4 cups of broth and use a full jar of the red curry paste, and I may use
two jalapeno peppers. I will again include a carrot and mushrooms if I have
them on hand or plan for it. Oh and when reducing the broth, then will cut
down on the noodles of course.

    * **Maggie** -- March 27, 2020 @ 12:44 PM  Reply

It probably depends on what curry paste you use, as well as personal taste. I
know the paste I normally use, Mae Ploy, is plenty spicy.

  339. **Frances** -- March 25, 2020 @ 6:29 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Wish I could add a pic! Love this recipe and the base allows for such
versatility. Second time making this (first posted on pinterest). This time I
reduced the broth by half, added sweet potatoes, cherry tomatoes, and bok
choy, and cooked the noodles separately. Won't use fish sauce because it's so
high in sodium: substituted with sodium reduced soy sauce.

  340. **Carly** -- March 24, 2020 @ 2:34 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Amazing! Even my husband ate a whole bowl and said he would have for dinner
tomorrow night too! Made with tofu and no cilantro. Thank you

  341. **Sadelina Dowling** -- March 20, 2020 @ 12:02 PM  Reply

Amazing! Better or Just like the Thai curry at the restaurant!  
Didn't add brown sugar, chicken or noodles.  
Red Boat fish sauce and ginger make this exquisite!  
'Your attitude right now is one of your superpowers. A positive attitude is a
habit that is infectious and spreads good around the world.' Mel Robbins

  342. **Anne** -- March 18, 2020 @ 11:59 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Very, very good . I did not add brown sugar or fish sauce…everything else and
it was delicious!

    * **Frances** -- March 25, 2020 @ 6:29 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Wish I could add a pic! Love this recipe and the base allows for such
versatility. Second time making this (first posted on pinterest). This time I
reduced the broth by half, added sweet potatoes, cherry tomatoes, and bok
choy, and cooked the noodles separately. Won't use fish sauce because it's so
high in sodium: substituted with sodium reduced soy sauce.

  343. **Barbara Wilson** -- March 13, 2020 @ 7:37 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Perfect, wonderful tastes! I will be making this again.

  344. **Michele** -- March 4, 2020 @ 11:47 AM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

Love this recipe. I've made this twice, the first time as directed. The second
time, I reduced the chicken stock to 4 cups, used boneless chicken thighs, and
a whole can of red curry. I loved both, but prefer the second recipe with less
broth and more curry. It's spicy, which I like!

  345. **Dayna** -- March 2, 2020 @ 8:52 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I added shrimp and mushrooms to mine and it was so good! Thanks for the
recipe!

  346. **Z** -- March 1, 2020 @ 8:39 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Deliciously hot, perfect for a cold day!

  347. **Nikki** -- February 29, 2020 @ 6:41 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Delicious. We made it without chicken for a vegetarian take and it was
awesome. Thanks for the recipe!

  348. **Allie** -- February 28, 2020 @ 2:22 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is one of my favorite soups! The only thing I did different was that I
added mushrooms and frozen spinach. It added a little extra to it and made it
extra spicy. I’ve sent this recipe to all my friends. It’s truly delicious!

  349. **Jenilee** -- February 22, 2020 @ 4:08 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was amazing! One of the top meals I’ve made and I cook often. We used
tofu instead of chicken and it’s a make again and again dish for sure. Thank
you!

  350. **Jill** -- February 22, 2020 @ 2:14 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is absolutely amazing. Spicy and rich! Heavenly!

  351. **Jaime** -- February 20, 2020 @ 12:34 PM  Reply

I really want to make this today, but my family and I do not like coconut so
does this coconut milk taste like coconut and if it does, what can you
substitute for the coconut milk can you use have cream instead?

  352. **Angie** -- February 18, 2020 @ 6:45 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

YUMMY!!!

  353. **Mike** -- February 2, 2020 @ 12:48 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I made this and it was delicious/อร่อย. I'm making this in a moment for the
Superbowl party today. Thanks for the recipe!

  354. **RUTHIE** -- January 29, 2020 @ 11:39 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is a great soup, one you could play with a lot. I used thigh meat which
has a lot more flavor and is more forgiving when cooked longer. After tasting
I also added a little extra curry paste.  
Will definitely make again

  355. **Dawn W.** -- January 26, 2020 @ 5:43 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is so good! So much flavor!

  356. **Ali** -- January 25, 2020 @ 6:42 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

INCREDIBLE!!! This is one of the best dishes I've ever made! The only
alteration I made was adding an extra pepper. My guests went back or thirds
and took my phone to ensure I sent them the recipe. This dish was absolute
perfection!!!

  357. **kathy broggio** -- January 23, 2020 @ 8:05 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Just made this with fresh turkey thighs instead of the chicken and it is
amazing. 🙂 Thanks so much for the recipe! I'll be making it many more times.

  358. **Miri** -- January 23, 2020 @ 2:59 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This Red thai curry soup has the most amazing depth of flavours. I tried red
Thai curry chicken from a different website and it did not even come close to
this soup I was so sorely let down and dissapointed. Especially because I had
a Thai banquette with my whole family and knew how much better it could of
been. So thank you for sharing such an amazing recipe. It is simply delicious
that even though my almost 2 yr old knows its spicy and will cough over it and
need a Ltr of water (despite having a non spicy meal option) he still demands
and wants to eat it.

  359. **May** -- January 23, 2020 @ 12:32 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Wow. Just wow. This recipe turned out amazing! I added 1/4 cup chunky peanut
butter along with the red curry and it was amazing!

  360. **Rachel Smith** -- January 21, 2020 @ 1:12 PM  Reply

Such a wonderful recipe! Thank you so much! I’m wondering if anyone has come
up with an idea to make this in a slow cooker? Sometimes when I’m running low
on time I like to throw everything in the morning and go… Of course the
noodles would have to be cooked right before serving but I wonder how the
crockpot with work… Any ideas on how to make it work? Or has anyone tried?

  361. **Amanda** -- January 19, 2020 @ 8:46 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Delicious! Made this for a party and everyone liked it, even my 7 year old. I
used my food processor to cut up the peppers and onion so they weren’t chunky
in the soup, which I think made it better. Not very spicy, in case you
wondered.

  362. **Annalise** -- January 19, 2020 @ 10:47 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I LOVE this soup. Under 400 calories, tasty, and filling!? I tend to like my
food spicier, so I added a few dried Chili's (after having made it exactly as
written previously) and it came out perfect.

  363. **Jenny** -- January 18, 2020 @ 12:05 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Amazing flavor. Added sriracha on the side. Love this soup!

  364. **Hannah** -- January 14, 2020 @ 11:51 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Really delicious! I made without the chicken/chicken broth as we are
vegetarian. I added a green pepper and some baby corn and only used half a
table spoon of fish sauce. Will be making again as it was lovely!

  365. **Kris** -- January 12, 2020 @ 7:30 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

So good! Wanted a nice simple flavorful soup for a winter night. The coconut
and chicken brother were both good teammates! Better than any restaurant dish
I’ve had!

  366. **Jen** -- January 12, 2020 @ 3:06 PM  Reply

Rated 3 out of 5

Fantastically flavored broth (I did use oyster sauce instead of fish sauce)
but I followed the rest to a T - and the chicken was overcooked. I’ll make
this again, but I’ll do something a bit different with the chicken.

  367. **Anya Lexington** -- January 12, 2020 @ 6:36 AM  Reply

Can we replace the rice noodles with zucchini noodles or rice?

  368. **Taylor King** -- January 8, 2020 @ 4:13 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is beyond words. I swear this tastes better than any Thai restaurant I’ve
ever ate!

  369. **Susanne Nowlan** -- January 8, 2020 @ 5:41 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

My entire family absolutely LOVED this soup. I have 4 children (18,16,13,12)
they ate all of it!

  370. **Rachel** -- January 7, 2020 @ 2:03 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

AMAZING!! SO so so so good!! Definitely recommend!! And will be having again!
I added some shiitake mushrooms and bean sprouts, but everything by the
recipe.

  371. **Savannah** -- January 6, 2020 @ 5:46 PM  Reply

Can you do chicken broth instead of coconut milk??

    * **Ryan** -- January 8, 2020 @ 4:10 PM  Reply

You could but it wouldnt taste the same. The coconut milk is a large part of
the flavor.

  372. **Chris** -- January 5, 2020 @ 8:56 AM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

Amazing flavor. Will make it again. My husband who it very much a meat/potato
man, enjoyed it also. I used dark meat chicken, instead of white. The only
other change I would make would be changing the noodles to something more
appropriate to picking up with a spoon. It was a little messy with the noodles
on a spoon. We also enjoyed some crusty bread with it

    * **Karen** -- January 27, 2020 @ 2:31 PM  Reply

Try cooking the noodles separately Then adding to individual servings. If
there are left overs, store noodles and broth separately. This avoids the
problem of the noodles absorbing too much broth.

  373. **Heidi Forrester** -- January 4, 2020 @ 4:09 PM  Reply

Did anyone add a side or some bread with this soup? Making it tonight!

  374. **Bethany** -- January 3, 2020 @ 5:36 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Oh my word! Delicious!!!! Followed the recipe. But in the middle of making it
I realized I didn't have red curry paste, fresh ginger or rice noodles, I had
yellow curry and ginger powder and lo mein noodles. So I used what I had and
it still turned out perfectly. What amazing flavors! It was a huge hit with my
family

  375. **Neil Brooks** -- January 1, 2020 @ 5:33 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Made this for my first soup of 2020. I fancied a little change from my usual
hot and sour soup, which I love, and this soup hit the spot beautifully, I
added some extra fresh red chilli as I love the heat and flavour, but
otherwise made it as shown. Love it and I will absolutely be making this
again.

  376. **Stephanie** -- December 29, 2019 @ 2:41 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Loved this! I added chilies and lemongrass. I don’t know if I added too many
noodles (I did weigh them) or boil the soup too high/too long, but next time I
will add less noodles as I prefer more broth.

  377. **Tia Navy** -- December 28, 2019 @ 8:13 PM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

Really good! Added baby corn. Will definitely make again-I think I'll try a
little chili oil next time too, and maybe shrimp to switch it up a little.

  378. **Cee** -- December 21, 2019 @ 7:36 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Incredible. I eyeballed some things and made some subs (dried onion, basil,
and ginger) but still delicious. Thank you!

    * **Melanie** -- December 30, 2019 @ 11:37 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Super delicious! Made it with prams.

  379. **Lori Smith** -- December 21, 2019 @ 4:28 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was a tasty, flavorful dish. This is my first attempt at Ramen and Thai.
My son, who had never had Thai food loved it. I was a little uncertain how
many noodles should be added, so I added 4 oz. I will add more next time. I
will be making this again.

  380. **Margaret** -- December 13, 2019 @ 1:38 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Made with shrimp instead of chicken. Delicious! No need to tweak.

    * **Diana House** -- February 9, 2020 @ 2:46 PM  Reply

How did you cook the shrimp?

  381. **Sarah Borden** -- December 11, 2019 @ 4:47 AM  Reply

Can you make this in a slow cooker? Has anyone done that?

    * **Melissa** -- February 3, 2020 @ 10:13 PM  Reply

Probably the base ! I would cook noodles separately when u get home from work
etc. because they tend to absorb too much broth…otherwise I’d say the crockpot
is a yes!

  382. **Nicholas Mitchell** -- December 10, 2019 @ 6:01 PM  Reply

Can the noodles sit in the soup mixture on a low setting to keep warm for a
couple of hours?

  383. **Valerie** -- December 10, 2019 @ 8:35 AM  Reply

Do I buy canned coconut milk sweetened or unsweetened for this recipe? Thanks!

  384. **Bernie** -- December 2, 2019 @ 10:17 AM  Reply

Delicious!!! I have made it with Evaporated Milk Coconut flavoured as well and
it’s lovely. I make bulk and freeze for work lunches.

  385. **Christi** -- December 1, 2019 @ 6:33 PM  Reply

This was AMAZING! Thank you 🙂

    * **Anna** -- January 3, 2020 @ 5:19 AM  Reply

Have you tried making this with shredded chicken? I prefer my chicken shredded
to cubes, and was curious if it would work. Thank you! Excited to try this
tonight!

  386. **Tara** -- November 30, 2019 @ 3:43 PM  Reply

I see it says serve immediately. Does it not reheat well? How is it the next
day?

    * **Christi** -- December 1, 2019 @ 6:34 PM  Reply

Sure does! It's a little thicker due to the noodles, but the taste is still
wonderful

      * **Lindsay** -- January 12, 2020 @ 5:15 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was so good!! I was worried about it being bland because of some comments
but we did not find it so. I will be making this again and again.

  387. **Mylissa** -- November 26, 2019 @ 3:09 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I made this and it is delicious! Thanks for the recipe!

  388. **Michelle Friedmann** -- November 23, 2019 @ 4:53 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This recipe was fabulous! I made it for my family and they all loved it. It
has perfectly balanced flavors and is delicious. I followed the recipe
perfectly except I doubled the noodles and it turned out great! Thank you for
the great recipe

  389. **Abbey** -- November 23, 2019 @ 4:12 PM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

Awesome! I doubled the coconut milk, curry, and spices. I didn't want chicken
so I added a pound of mushrooms instead. The only thing I would add next time
is a jalapeno. I bought some and forgot to add it. I think I would like the
extra spice it would add.

  390. **Terri** -- November 23, 2019 @ 1:11 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Made this for my dad’s birthday and we both love!!

  391. **Sara** -- November 16, 2019 @ 3:37 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Fabulous! I added shredded carrot, extra coconut milk, and a little chili oil
for some heat. I made the noodles separately so I could keep the leftovers as
well. I'll definitely make this again!

  392. **Matt** -- November 16, 2019 @ 11:47 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Tastes great,  
easy to make,  
easy to acquire ingredients,  
terrific recipe

  393. **Liz** -- November 12, 2019 @ 5:25 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I'm always a fan of Damn Delicious soup recipes and this one did not
disappoint! I added some thinly sliced carrots along with the onion, pepper
and garlic, as well as some turmeric and curry powder with the spices. So
good!

  394. **Kim** -- November 9, 2019 @ 8:41 PM  Reply

Which brand of curry paste do you recommend? I love your recipes so much so
that I trust your opinion on brand!

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- November 10, 2019 @ 2:51 AM  Reply

I love _Thai Kitchen_ but if you can get to an Asian market, _Mae Ploy_ is
also really great.

  395. **Kim Seaich** -- November 5, 2019 @ 9:16 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Can we say it’s 10 star!?! This is the best homemade anything I have ever
made! Everyone wants the recipe. I also doubled the coconut milk and all the
spices. I even doubled the chicken - not the broth though. I admit I also
overdid the package of noodles, even for a big pot half the package was
plenty. MAKE THIS SOUP ALREADY! It’s amazing!

  396. **Chanel** -- November 5, 2019 @ 3:52 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Wow! I honestly didn't even know I could make something that tastes this good…
I feel like a real chef!

  397. **Katie** -- November 4, 2019 @ 2:16 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

What a lovey soup!! I saw the pin on Pinterest and my mouth was watering. I
had to improvise using the ingredients on hand, namely the veggies. I also
have an alium allergy: so no onions or garlic for me :(. Thankfully all of the
other flavors more than make up for the loss of garlic and onions. Anyway, my
little kids (ages 4 and 2) loved this soup. They were literally drinking from
the bowl. I will definitely make this for my fam again.

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- November 4, 2019 @ 2:37 PM  Reply

That's wonderful! Glad this worked out for you with the changes you made,
Katie.

  398. **Kayla** -- November 3, 2019 @ 3:49 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Just made this for #soupsunday. Big fan! Can’t wait to check out some other
recipes 🙂 thanks!

  399. **Mark** -- October 30, 2019 @ 4:11 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Really good and fresh tasting soup. Question: 1/2 of 80z package or 8oz 1/2 of
a full package of noodles..I used 8oz and it seems like noodle overkill.

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- October 30, 2019 @ 6:01 PM  Reply

1/2 (8-ounce) package rice noodles = 4 ounces. 🙂

      * **Mark** -- October 31, 2019 @ 5:58 AM  Reply

thanks!

  400. **Pam Behle** -- October 27, 2019 @ 11:46 AM  Reply

I forgot to spell-check and threw down a couple words in my review. Oops. : (

  401. **Pam Behle** -- October 27, 2019 @ 11:45 AM  Reply

We embarked on a plant-based diet recently so I modified this by using
vegetable stock and shitake mushrooms instead of chicken. I also used fresh
fettuchinie width noodles from our Chinese market. This is possible the best
soup I have ever made. It was pretty spicy, if I make it for other people I
might tone it down a little but for me it was perfect. Thank you so much! I"ll
make this soup for many year to come.

  402. **Sharon** -- October 23, 2019 @ 9:29 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This soup!!! I can not even begin to describe how delicious it is. Comfort
food and so amazing. I have made this soup twice now and will make it again
and again! I am never hesitant to try any of your recipes because I know they
will all be delicious. Thank you for sharing your talent with us.

  403. **Molly** -- October 20, 2019 @ 4:17 PM  Reply

I just want to say… I have been making this recipe every week for at least a
month now. It is my boyfriend and my FAVORITE meal now. Thank you for this
recipe!!

  404. **Kiana** -- October 14, 2019 @ 3:54 PM  Reply

I want to make this tonight for 4 people! I'm a little worried about getting
the proportions right when modifying the recipe, but I'm so excited to try. I
looked at cook time and it said it should be around 35 minutes, but when
adding together everything in the actual recipe it only seemed to be about 24
minutes, is the rest of the time used for just cooking the soup all together?
Just want to make sure I'm not missing anything.

  405. **Heather** -- October 14, 2019 @ 2:07 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Absolutely loved this recipe!! I also doubled the spices as well as the
coconut milk and curry, came out perfect with so much flavor!! Topped off with
a dash of hot chili oil for a kick * I used a rotisserie chicken instead of
cooking raw chicken, taste before adding salt since the chicken is salty. Cut
the cooking time in half

  406. **Kylie** -- October 11, 2019 @ 8:17 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This ended up being really good! Also with lots of left overs for the next
couple of days.  
I did change some things after reading the comments though, I added a second
can of coconut milk, and I'm really happy I did! I also added a little extra
curry paste and ginger. Along with some minced garlic, and I cooked the
noodles separately.

  407. **Lynn Jones** -- October 10, 2019 @ 9:10 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

So easy and delicious! I added more curry paste than the recipe called for and
it was amazing. My all time favorite red curry soup recipe.

  408. **Stephanie** -- October 6, 2019 @ 10:03 PM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

Great taste and pretty easy to make. My husband thought it could have used
more curry flavor but I thought it was enough.

  409. **Kayla** -- October 4, 2019 @ 6:15 PM  Reply

Rated 3 out of 5

Help! I just made a double batch of this and it’s SO BLAND! D-:  
The only change I made was adding mushrooms and green beans.  
Do I just need to keep pouring in salt? What do I do?  
Anybody had this same outcome and successfully recover?

    * **Lynn Jones** -- October 10, 2019 @ 9:11 AM  Reply

Everytime I make Thai food I double the seasonings. So yes add more of
everything and it will be amazing

    * **Ardis Wens** -- October 24, 2019 @ 2:27 PM  Reply

I added about 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil, 1 tablespoon Sriracha sauce for
a big flavor boost, and zest of 1 lime and squeezed it's juices in there, too
🙂  
Since I can't seem to leave recipes alone, I also added sliced carrots and
mushrooms.  
I think this a good base recipe and you can add lot's of different veggies
depending on what you have…broccoli, snow peas, etc.

  410. **Deanna** -- September 27, 2019 @ 7:27 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I followed the recipe exactly (except I accidentally used the whole 8 oz
package of rice noodles). I used Mae Ploy Red Curry Paste and Red Boat Fish
Sauce and this turned out FANTASTIC. I got rave reviews - someone said it was
exactly what they would expect to be served in a restaurant and that it was
the best soup that he had ever had. Thanks for making me look great!

    * **Natasha** -- November 1, 2019 @ 5:34 PM  Reply

Rated 3 out of 5

Good base recipe, definitely needs more red curry paste and more seasoning

  411. **Gabriela** -- September 20, 2019 @ 6:59 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Made this for my family tonight. Super flavorful and amazing. My 7 & 9 year
olds asked for seconds. Thank you!

  412. **Amy** -- September 20, 2019 @ 4:45 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Even the kids loved it!

  413. **Shannon** -- September 19, 2019 @ 10:41 AM  Reply

This looks Amazing!! What size rice noodle are we supposed to get? There’s
different noodle sizes like Pad Thai noodles, etc.

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- September 19, 2019 @ 12:20 PM  Reply

It's completely up to personal preference. 🙂

  414. **Patty Hurford** -- September 18, 2019 @ 5:59 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is absolutely delicious. I also added more coconut milk only because I
used more chicken. I love the Damn Delicious recipes. I have never had
anything turn out wrong. I really trust these recipes to always be good.

  415. **Loes** -- September 15, 2019 @ 11:38 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Followed the comments and added a second can of coconut milk. I also cooked
the noodles separately. It is delicious! I'm not a big soup fan but this will
definitely become a staple, so flavorful and tasty. Thank you!

  416. **Camille** -- September 12, 2019 @ 4:44 PM  Reply

I made this for our supper tonight. After reading the reviews, I cooked the
noodles separately, I also used lo mein, only because we don’t like the taste
or texture of rice noodles. Oh my word!!!!! So good!!! My 12 year old had two
servings! Thank you for posting such good recipes! I’ve followed you for
several years, and I’ve never been disappointed!!!!!!!

    * **Teresa** -- November 5, 2019 @ 5:48 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I can’t wait to cook this recipe. It looks really delicious. I want to use
mushrooms instead of chicken so do I cook the mushrooms the same way as the
chicken and than pour in all the rest of the ingredients? Will the fish still
be required if there is no meat in this recipe?

  417. **Nelle** -- August 19, 2019 @ 8:17 PM  Reply

So good! If you skip adding the noodles, it freezes well and defrosts easily
in portions. Then you can just cook some rice noodles and add! Also very good
with rice if you don’t want to switch it up a little. I did add the second cup
of coconut milk and I’m glad I did!

  418. **Julie** -- August 17, 2019 @ 8:39 PM  Reply

Made this to recipe and found it bland

  419. **Jacy Thibodeaux** -- August 7, 2019 @ 8:19 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I often try random recipes with great reviews. I never leave reviews myself. I
looked this one back up to write about how damn delicious it is!! I made it 2
days ago. I've been eating it everyday. It's a fantastic, flavorful recipe
that stores and reheats well. Thanks so much for the recipe!!

    * **Todd Anderson** -- August 13, 2019 @ 8:18 AM  Reply

How are the noodles on the second day? Are they overcooked and/or gummy or are
they still good?

  420. **Annabel** -- July 26, 2019 @ 3:09 AM  Reply

Rated 3 out of 5

Nice flavour, but thought it needed a fair bit of spicing up. Sorry!

  421. **Rebecca S Savedow** -- July 25, 2019 @ 6:17 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This soup was delicious! I wanted to add veggies, but didn't have time so we
ate it just as it was 🙂 Me and my fiance loved it - definitely helped bring us
back to Thailand. I let the soup reduce too much, that was my only regret. We
also topped with sriracha and a tiny bit of hoisin

  422. **Don** -- July 25, 2019 @ 4:23 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was my first Thai soup I ever made , it was right on, this one is a
keeper.

  423. **Elizabeth** -- July 24, 2019 @ 4:28 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was spot on. The balance of flavors and textures is truly remarkable. I
can’t say enough great things about it.

  424. **James Dillin** -- July 24, 2019 @ 11:25 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Made this for the 3rd time and with a few small tweaks, for me it’s the most
delicious Thai curry I have ever tasted.  
Deviation from recipie  
2 cans of coconut milk.  
3 cups of chicken stock. …makes it thicker  
1 red chilli with seeds…no bell pepper  
1 bashed lemongrass stalk.  
Keeps in fridge for at least a week.

  425. **Jonelle Shambel** -- July 17, 2019 @ 6:51 PM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

I agree with Phillip that this recipe was one can of coconut milk short. Other
than that it was perfect! Totally delicious. I added extra veggies and a bit
more red curry but that’s just because I like spicy.

  426. **Fleur** -- July 8, 2019 @ 6:27 AM  Reply

Can’t wait to make this soup next week. Great reviews. I’m thinking of adding
Bok Choi

  427. **April** -- July 5, 2019 @ 3:52 PM  Reply

YES!!! this soup is Ah Mazing!!

  428. **Sky** -- July 2, 2019 @ 8:41 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I am thinking of trying to make this in my instant pot; do you think that
would be doable?

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- July 2, 2019 @ 8:46 AM  Reply

What a great idea! But unfortunately, without having tried this myself, I
cannot answer with certainty. But if you get a chance to try it, please let me
know how it turns out! 🙂

      * **Sky** -- July 2, 2019 @ 6:49 PM  Reply

Thank you for your quick reply! I made it this evening in the instant pot and
it turned out GREAT! The only change I made was adding the coconut milk in
last because I've read (maybe here!) that putting coconut milk through an
instant pot cook can make it separate. Thank you for this recipe, it was so
delicious. I tried to take a picture but quickly realized food photography is
not as easy as this blog makes it look!

        * **Veronica** -- October 27, 2019 @ 12:49 PM  Reply

How long did you cook this in the instant pot?

          * **Sky** -- December 8, 2019 @ 1:03 PM 

Sorry I am just now seeing this! I cooked in the instant pot for 10 minutes.

        * **Nicole** -- June 24, 2020 @ 12:06 PM  Reply

Did you saute the chicken before you did the pressure cooking? Or did you just
put all the ingredients in raw (except the coconut milk and noodles I assume?)
Was gonna try this tonight. Thanks!

  429. **Mauricio Patron Gonzalez** -- July 1, 2019 @ 3:48 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Yesterday I made this soup and my family loved it!

  430. **Vicky** -- June 25, 2019 @ 9:53 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Very easy recipe and the product was delicious and authentic. Loved it.
Thought it was better than anything I would get at the best restaurants as far
as flavor is concerned. Would like to try with shrimp :))

  431. **Kevin Ridsdale** -- June 23, 2019 @ 7:03 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Just made this I used shrimp instead of chicken and added shredded carrots and
broccoli with a little chili oil, this will definitely be on the menu from now
on!

    * **P nance** -- October 25, 2019 @ 7:48 AM  Reply

How did the preparation change using shrimp instead of chicken?

  432. **Phillip Hanson** -- June 20, 2019 @ 8:57 PM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

The recipe is one can of coconut milk short. Amazed at the comments
considering my fiance and I noticed the miss right away. Add the extra can,
and it's a fantastic recipe.

  433. **Jeanna** -- June 20, 2019 @ 2:09 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Fantastic recipe! Very easy to make and all of the ingredients were easy to
find! I added a little Mongolian fire oil on top to add a little space. Great
family meal – even my children ate this!

  434. **Claire** -- June 16, 2019 @ 11:29 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

It's winter here and cold grey evenings call for some comfort food and boy did
this deliver on so many levels!! So full of flavor and so easy to prepare.
Once again you've made me look like an absolute pro in the kitchen. Thank you
for sharing this delicious recipe.

  435. **Jessica** -- June 11, 2019 @ 9:04 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This soup is a knockout. It's so ridiculously easy to make, how can it
possibly taste so good with so little effort? I also leave out the cilantro
(or coriander as we call it in the UK) as I can't stand the stuff. My previous
attempts at cooking Thai food at home were always a bit disappointing, but
this one is a sure-fire winner. I don't find that the noodles go soggy by the
way, even when the soup is eaten a day or two later. It also freezes
brilliantly. Thank you!!

  436. **Leslie E** -- June 6, 2019 @ 4:45 PM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

*WoW* This was absolutely delicious. Super easy to make. My only omission was the cilantro, don't like it much. I cooked the noodles seperately after reading reviews because I didn't want the noodle to soak up all that yummy broth. Very good recipe. This will definitely go into the rotation. Thanks 

  437. **Veronika** -- May 31, 2019 @ 1:29 PM  Reply

Hi, I would like to make this recipe tonight, could I just double check,
should raw chicken be added to the soup? Thanks so much!!

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- May 31, 2019 @ 3:33 PM  Reply

Veronika, the chicken is cooked in step #1 until golden and set aside, and is
then returned to the pot in step #5.

_1\. Heat olive oil in a large stockpot or Dutch oven over medium heat. Season
chicken with salt and pepper, to taste. Add chicken to the stockpot and cook
until golden, about 2-3 minutes; set aside._

  438. **Ellena Benacchio** -- May 29, 2019 @ 1:49 PM  Reply

I have not made this yet however plan to over the weekend. I am making it for
myself only and plan to eat it for lunch for a couple days this week. I am
worried the rice noodles will get soggy and not keep if I make them as the
recipe states.

What would be a good alternative? Cooking the rice noodles separately and just
adding them as I eat? Do you have any recommendations for this?

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- May 29, 2019 @ 1:54 PM  Reply

Yes, cooking the rice noodles separately may be best to avoid any type of
sogginess.

  439. **Cassie** -- May 26, 2019 @ 10:28 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Sooooooo yummy and easy!!

  440. **Hannah** -- May 19, 2019 @ 4:59 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Super good and easy. I used 1 tablespoon of the chile paste to make it kind
friendly!!! Loved it!!!

  441. **Pat** -- May 15, 2019 @ 2:17 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Wonderful soup! It's going in my bi-weekly (or weekly) rotation, yum!

  442. **Anna** -- May 15, 2019 @ 12:11 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I forgot the stars hahaha

  443. **Anna** -- May 15, 2019 @ 12:10 PM  Reply

Very delicious ! My husband and I made it three or four times and we loved it
! First time, we tried it with tofu and shrimp and it was really great ! … but
I think our favorite version is still with chicken : ) Thank you so much for
the recipe and a special hello from Quebec city !

  444. **Joanne** -- May 14, 2019 @ 4:57 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This soup was delicious and would be heavenly on a cold fall/winter's night.
Here in Toronto, it has been a rainy, cold Spring and I did not want to bbq
tonight so this popped in mind and it was delicious. One of my sons, who does
not really do soup, ate the whole bowl. I had three :)) My husband loved it
too. I would more aptly do it in the winter months next time. So good. A
departure from my regular chicken noodle. The fish sauce and lime a must,
people! Next time I might boil the noodles separately and just add the exact
quantity to each bowl as there were quite a bit of noodles.

  445. **Kena** -- May 4, 2019 @ 12:16 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Looks fantastic. I’ve tried to make ThaiCurry several times and I’m never able
to get the flavor as robust and rich as it is in the restaurants. Can you
recommend a good brand of curry paste. (Used Thai kitchen)

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- May 4, 2019 @ 4:01 PM  Reply

I love _Thai Kitchen_ but if you can get to an Asian market, _Mae Ploy_ is
also really great.

  446. **Lester** -- April 30, 2019 @ 3:21 PM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

Haven’t made it but looks good! 4 stars

  447. **Mandy** -- April 28, 2019 @ 10:55 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is so, so good. I’ve made it four times already!

  448. **Lori** -- April 20, 2019 @ 6:25 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This looks awesome. Could I make it with shrimp instead of chicken? Anyone
made that sub?

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- April 20, 2019 @ 6:59 AM  Reply

Absolutely!

  449. **Alyssa** -- April 9, 2019 @ 3:00 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

LOVE this recipe! I’ve made it 3 times in the last month, and about to make it
for the 4th time tonight! Seriously amazing!!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- April 9, 2019 @ 3:12 PM  Reply

We love it!

  450. **wanda** -- March 28, 2019 @ 11:25 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

delicious !

  451. **Rita** -- March 24, 2019 @ 1:34 PM  Reply

Made this and it is ADDICTING!!! I ADORE it just as it is, but I thing I will
give it a try with shrimp next time! Thank you SO MUCH for a keeper recipe
that will be made at LEAST bi-monthly!!

  452. **Heidi** -- March 21, 2019 @ 6:17 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

So, So Good!!

  453. **Mlw227** -- March 18, 2019 @ 3:17 PM  Reply

I just made this and it was indeed damn delicious! Going to make it a staple.

  454. **Tamara** -- March 17, 2019 @ 5:42 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

My entire family loved this. They said I can make it again anytime.

    * **Amanda** -- August 1, 2019 @ 10:25 AM  Reply

So i will be making this tonight for dinner and was wondering if i should add
an extra can of coconut milk? And i see it calls for only half of the 8oz bag
of rice noodles….is that correct or use the whole 8oz? Can't wait to try
it,Thanks

      * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- August 1, 2019 @ 11:46 AM  Reply

Yes, the recipe is correct as written but you can add more rice noodles and/or
coconut milk if you prefer.

  455. **Sarah** -- March 12, 2019 @ 8:15 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Perfect!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- March 12, 2019 @ 11:49 PM  Reply

Thank you, Sarah!

  456. **rachael** -- March 4, 2019 @ 5:05 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This soup was so incredibly delicious. All of the flavors between the curry,
herbs, limes added so much depth. I think my curry paste was a little too
spicy, so I cut it with sour cream. Will definitely be making again!

  457. **Kym** -- March 4, 2019 @ 9:31 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Thank You!!! We've made this 3 times now and even entered in a friendly soup
competition and won! If I'm out of noodles, it works wonderfully with jasmine
rice.

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- March 4, 2019 @ 11:06 AM  Reply

Wow! Congratulations!

  458. **Christa** -- February 24, 2019 @ 6:25 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This turned out great!!! Spinach, asparagus, mushrooms were all great
additions too. My one year old couldn't get enough!

    * **j** -- April 3, 2019 @ 3:19 AM  Reply

Oh sorry to hear that. If you reserve one (tea)cup of this recipe then your
child would have enough. But probably should hold the pepper, onion, curry
paste, cilantro, garlic, ginger, basil, coconut milk, and fish sauce for the
little one.

  459. **Lisa** -- February 18, 2019 @ 7:22 PM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

Love it! I like a little more spice and zing so I doubled the fresh ginger and
added a little chili paste, also lots of lime, yum! I also added carrots and
will add some mushrooms next time I think they’d be great in this soup. This
recipe is a keeper, prepping the ingredients chopping and zesting takes the
most time but I sure do love a cutting board full of beautiful fresh herbs and
veggies, so it’s worth it!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- February 19, 2019 @ 2:27 PM  Reply

Thank you so much for sharing!

    * **Elizabeth Fox** -- April 22, 2019 @ 5:54 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

What can I substitute for fish sauce?

      * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- April 23, 2019 @ 5:24 AM  Reply

Elizabeth, you can substitute soy sauce or omit.

  460. **Sandra** -- February 17, 2019 @ 8:31 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Easy and amazingly delicious! My husband is a pescetarian so  
We substituted to vegetable broth and shrimps/squid instead.  
Will make it a million more times .. Awesome❤️

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- February 17, 2019 @ 10:45 PM  Reply

Oh I'm sure that was just as tasty!

  461. **Michelle** -- February 17, 2019 @ 6:36 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Made this today. Yum! I added a whole package of noodles which absorbed most
of the liquid, so I added more chicken broth and red curry paste. Left over
the flavor is on point. So good. Even two of my little boys liked it. Don't
skip the basil and cilantro at the end. It really adds to the flavor. Will be
keeping this recipe and making again. Thank you for sharing and including the
nutrition info!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- February 17, 2019 @ 10:46 PM  Reply

Thank you Michelle!

  462. **Noreen Smity** -- February 17, 2019 @ 6:11 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

So so so good!!! I didn’t have fish sauce so I opted to use a substitute of 1
tablespoon soy sauce with anchovy paste. Tasted wonderful!!! Thanks for
sharing such a great recipe!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- February 17, 2019 @ 10:46 PM  Reply

Great improvising!

      * **Cheryl From Southern California** -- February 27, 2022 @ 11:08 AM  Reply

REALLY great improving!

  463. **Mo Wylie** -- February 16, 2019 @ 7:04 PM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

Delicious. Think I went overboard on the grated ginger and red curry paste but
since hubby loves spicy it was a hit. Will make again but will be careful with
the ginger. Maybe add some cooked prawns too.

  464. **Kay** -- February 14, 2019 @ 9:30 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Super easy to throw together and #damndelicious too! Thanks!

  465. **Ann Goodman** -- January 31, 2019 @ 4:10 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I made this recipe for the first time yesterday and OMG, it was fantastic.
Thank you so much. We used to enjoy Thai food when we lived in a more
populated location. Thai red curry soup was my favorite. Now we are living in
the boonies and taking care of my 99-year-old mother. My challenge is to cook
food that we all enjoy. My Mom eats very little but she does enjoy her
vegetables. I used all the ingredients in your recipe, and added a few of my
own, namely, broccoli, muchrooms, carrots, and sugar snap peas. It was simply
delightful. I hadn't used rice noodles before, but they were perfect. We still
have plenty of soup to enjoy for the next couple of days. This receipe is
definitely one that I will make on a regular basis.

  466. **Alyssa** -- January 29, 2019 @ 5:40 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I loved this recipe! So flavorful and delicious!! Added chili garlic sauce for
extra heat and also used both chicken and shrimp! Looking forward to making
again with a thin noodle!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- January 29, 2019 @ 7:13 PM  Reply

Thanks for sharing!

  467. **Sam** -- January 29, 2019 @ 11:56 AM  Reply

I made this a few weeks ago and it was superb! I am planning on making it
again tonight for dinner. It's so quick and easy and full of flavor. I did add
bean sprouts at the end because I love the crunch with the soup 🙂

  468. **KYM PETRAY** -- January 21, 2019 @ 7:22 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Wonderful! Next time I will serve with Jasmine Rice on the side and omit rice
noodles….or break up noodles so it is easier to eat.

  469. **Anjali McCormick** -- January 20, 2019 @ 12:55 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Absolutely fabulous. Easy too. My kids love the flavor without the heavy
spice.

  470. **Joanna** -- January 19, 2019 @ 7:56 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Oh yeah forgot to mention: I skipped the fish sauce (to keep it vegan) and I
used Better Than Bouillion vege bouillon paste (comes in a jar). Also I
mistakenly added the whole package of vermicelli (all 8 oz) because the recipe
is confusing. I recommend fixing that so it’s clearer. Thx for the recipe!

  471. **Joanna** -- January 19, 2019 @ 7:50 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Slight alterations for a vegan version:  
1 - 6.5 oz package of tofu “cutlet” (extra firm with slightly browned edges),
sliced  
3 cloves of garlic, smashed a bit but kept whole  
3-4 slices of ginger  
1 chopped green onion  
Black pepper  
Pinch of saffron  
Extra cilantro and basil and lime juice for garnish.

Heat oil, toss in garlic cloves, ginger, green onion, and some black pepper to
season the oil. When you smell it, toss in tofu and coarsest chop with
spatula. Set aside and remove large garlic and ginger, leave the green onion.

When cooking the onion, garlic, red pepper part of the recipe, I recommend
sautéing onion first for a minute with salt, then add garlic and a pinch more
salt and let it caramelize for richer flavor. Then add red pepper.

Finally before adding tofu back in, stir in a pinch of saffron for more
seafoody flavor without the actual meat.

Then garnish with extra fresh basil and cilantro, and finish with a squeeze of
lime. Yum!!

  472. **Jessica Gasteiger** -- January 13, 2019 @ 7:29 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This sounds delicious! Could you make this a day ahead?

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- January 13, 2019 @ 7:53 PM  Reply

Yes, this reheats very well! I would just hold off on the rice noodles until
right before serving.

      * **Jessica** -- January 14, 2019 @ 4:14 AM  Reply

Thank you!

  473. **11Pamela** -- January 13, 2019 @ 5:31 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Delicious recipe! Easy to make and full of flavor. Am making this again.

  474. **Mark Trotier** -- January 10, 2019 @ 4:45 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Outstanding! Easy to make. This is a keeper!

  475. **Heidi Crabtree** -- January 10, 2019 @ 2:46 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was so good I ate four bowls!! I also tried it with green curry paste,
the taste is more subtle so I increased the amount of green curry paste. It
was also good but the red was better. I cannot wait to make this for my
husband when he gets home from a business trip. Every Asian recipe I have
tried here has been as good as or better than restaurants.

  476. **Rebecca Ruddle** -- January 10, 2019 @ 12:09 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Delicious. Just made this for my book club and can't stop sampling it. There
won't be any left for them! I added a piece of lemongrass to sit in the soup
while it simmered too and am adding shrimp instead of chicken when I reheat to
serve up. Made noodles ahead of time and rinsed in cold water. Ready to go!

  477. **Audre** -- January 8, 2019 @ 3:43 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Made this last night. Followed recipe as directed and it was GREAT!!! Looking
forward to trying other recipes. Thank you!

  478. **Nitrous** -- January 8, 2019 @ 9:40 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

changed it up a little at the end. The broth seemed a little thin so I added
another can of coconut milk. All the rest was simply reducing the red curry a
little (wife hates heat) and added bruised lemon grass and kaffir lime leaves.
a bit more flavor and certain a recipe worth adding to the box!

  479. **Lynne E Lee** -- January 2, 2019 @ 5:08 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Awesomeness!!! I love the Red Curry Chicken  
Soup. I enjoy prepping the ingredients, with  
a glass of white wine. I love the fragrance of  
the SOUP!!! I personally could make it every  
week if my Husband would let me.  
It is DAMN DELICIOUS, no doubt!!!

  480. **Dianne** -- December 10, 2018 @ 3:07 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Delicious soup easy to follow recipe…I added lemongrass, to the broth, cause I
love it and Sambal Ooelek for heat, but this proved to be very easy to make
and our family loved it! Without the expense of going to a restaurant!

  481. **Kristin** -- December 5, 2018 @ 6:41 PM  Reply

So delish! I’ve made this 3 times. Love it.

  482. **Madeleine** -- November 27, 2018 @ 10:38 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This is hands down the best soup I’ve ever made! Was thinking on skipping out
on the lime juice and fish sauce since it was the only things I didn’t have on
hand and I’m SO glad I DIDN’T. 11/10!

  483. **Rebecca** -- November 25, 2018 @ 8:34 PM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

This soup is fabulous! Tonight was the third time I’ve made this and each time
its been a little different. Time #1, followed recipe exactly - the soup
itself was amazing, however, we found the noodles “got in the way.”  
Time #2, tried cooking the chicken ahead of time in the croxkpot, with the
broth and coconut milk, intending to saute the peppers and onions and curry
paste right before serving - guess what! Coconut milk separates and gets
weirdly “chunky” in the crockpot. I used my immersion blender to incorporate
it all back in and it was fine, but I wrote that experiment off and
unsuccessful. Tonight, I slowcooked a chciken breast in 3 c of broth and did
everything else as stated in the recipe… just shredded the chicken and added
it along with the broth it cooked in to the stockpot after cooking the
peppers/onions and adding the coconut milk. Worked perfectly! Also, forwent
the noodles and cooked a batch of jasmine rice to ladle the soup over… a good
substitute if noodles arent on hand or unavailable.  
Thanks again for another keeper, Damn Delicious!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- November 26, 2018 @ 9:18 AM  Reply

Thank you for your feedback, Rebecca!

  484. **Sarah** -- November 20, 2018 @ 8:32 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

I made this tonight, easy ingredients and so easy to prep. I ate a huge bowl
and my husband got seconds. Thanks for the great recipe!

  485. **clementine equi** -- November 18, 2018 @ 5:12 PM  Reply

Rated 4 out of 5

i just made it for dinner, it was good but too spicy for me. my husband loved
it. i am vegetarian so i used vegetable broth and tofu, I cooked my tofu
before. will do it again.

  486. **Mike King** -- November 16, 2018 @ 11:42 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Can I use angel hair pasta instead of rice noodles? If so, how many oz.? I luv
cappellini! Are rice noodles lighter than pasta noodles? TY. Mike

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- November 16, 2018 @ 3:32 PM  Reply

What a great idea! But unfortunately, without having tried this myself, I
cannot answer with certainty. As always, please use your best judgment when
making substitutions and modifications.

  487. **Stacy** -- November 15, 2018 @ 7:14 PM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Omitted the chicken, doubled the noodles, added shiitake mushrooms, lite
coconut milk, had no basil, vegan version. This broth was the bomb! Thank you!

  488. **Peggy Carranco** -- November 13, 2018 @ 9:00 PM  Reply

The best ever!! I even got my picky eater kid , and my 13yr. old, who only
eats" panda "..#gross! To try it. ….  
She LOVED IT .

  489. **Racquel Parsons** -- November 12, 2018 @ 10:55 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

This was so dang yummy! Even my teenagers loved it! My husband cannot get
enough red curry. He had a very similar soup at a restaurant recently and it
left me wanting more. I have always been intimidated to try making something
that seems so exotic but it was really easy.  
I think I'll try cutting the chicken into dinner pieces (like the restaurants
do). I also want to try it with shrimp and play around with different veggies
in it. Thanks so much for sharing this delicious recipe!

  490. **JB** -- November 12, 2018 @ 8:45 AM  Reply

Rated 5 out of 5

Yum, so delicious! Thanks for this awesome recipe.

Made it last night and followed the recipe as close as I could with available
ingredients. Used Thai Kitchen green curry instead of red, and sadly didn't
have any limes so used a combo of apple cider vinegar and lemon juice in place
(would definitely use lime next time, but this worked in a pinch). I also used
the leftover meat from a roasted chicken I had a couple days prior, and made a
good hearty stock from the carcass for the base of this soup.

I have a question for the next time I make this (because I will make it
again!) - I cooked the rice noodles separately and then added them because I
was worried about the soup being starchy, but would rather avoid that step
next time if not needed. Does it make the soup starchy to cook the noodles
right in the broth?

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- November 12, 2018 @ 12:05 PM  Reply

Not at all! 🙂

  491. **Sue** -- October 28, 2018 @ 4:15 PM  Reply

Yum! Just made this and decided to try a chicken, tofu and shrimp combo - it
was great! Also, we only had bean threads (no rice noodles) but this
substitution worked!  
Thanks so much for another super soup recipe for this winter!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- October 28, 2018 @ 4:31 PM  Reply

That's great!

  492. **Denise Louise Gunnels** -- October 23, 2018 @ 5:25 PM  Reply

Can I use green curry paste?

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- October 24, 2018 @ 11:28 AM  Reply

Yes, absolutely - but only if you're okay with it turning into a Thai Green
Curry Noodle Soup recipe! 🙂

  493. **Sara** -- October 22, 2018 @ 8:55 PM  Reply

I just made this tonight, and it was SO good! I wasn't expecting it to taste
as good as takeout, but it really did. (Plus it made a huge pot, so I have
leftovers to look forward to!) I've tried a lot of recipes from this site and
this is one of my favourites.

  494. **Kelsey** -- October 21, 2018 @ 12:31 PM  Reply

This was so delicious- my fiance and I both loved it!

I mistakenly bought vermicelli noodles (made from mung beans) instead of rice
noodles. I followed the package instructions and soaked the noodles in hot
water for 5 minutes, drained and rinsed them, and then added them to the soup
at the end. It turned out great!

  495. **Paul Brennan** -- October 14, 2018 @ 1:23 PM  Reply

Do I use precooked rice noodles or uncooked?

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- October 14, 2018 @ 2:42 PM  Reply

Uncooked rice noodles as they will cook in step #6.

  496. **Rilary** -- October 10, 2018 @ 9:22 AM  Reply

used spegetti squash instead of rice noodles. This was really yummy! Doubled
the curry and accidently added extra brown sugar. Also added a little red
chili paste for a tiny bit of heat.

  497. **Eugene Azbill** -- October 7, 2018 @ 11:33 AM  Reply

I love Thai food. I am particularly fond of curries. Will this recipe
substitute green curry paste for the red without negative effects?

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- October 7, 2018 @ 1:06 PM  Reply

Yes, absolutely - but only if you're okay with it turning into a Thai Green
Curry Noodle Soup recipe! 🙂

  498. **Meghan** -- October 4, 2018 @ 11:56 AM  Reply

Making this for dinner tonight! Cant wait to report back. Lately I'm all about
Asian inspired dishes =)

  499. **Denise H** -- October 3, 2018 @ 11:15 PM  Reply

Yum, yum and double yum!!! Made this last night and it lived up to your
website-damn delicious. I cruised your site a few days ago, saw the recipe and
had all the ingredients; a good omen. I followed the recipe, tasted and
seasoned along the way and only adjusted some of the quantities according to
taste. Since I had Italian and Thai basil in the garden, used both. I served
it with fresh lime wedges, Thai basil and Siracha. Perfection. It looked just
like your picture (which by the way, kudos to your photographer). Can’t wait
for seconds!  
Love your site. Gave your cookbook to my daughter last year for Christmas and
she was delighted-she knew you. I’ve been cooking for 50 years and have
hundreds of cookbooks but I an always looking for new things. Your site always
delivers. Thanks for sharing your passion.

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- October 5, 2018 @ 3:19 PM  Reply

Thank you, Denise! Chungah takes the pictures herself. 🙂

  500. **Dana Lynne Winley** -- October 1, 2018 @ 10:48 AM  Reply

This was by far the BEST recipe I have tried!! I did add 4 tbs of Red This
Curry paste instead of 3, and I added 1 more can of coconut milk and 1 Lb of
shrimp. Outstanding!!! Everyone wanted the recipe!!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- October 1, 2018 @ 12:17 PM  Reply

That's awesome. Thanks for sharing!

  501. **Catherine Engle** -- September 17, 2018 @ 8:27 PM  Reply

Does this reheat well? My family is in a soup club and this looks like an
awesome recipe to make for everyone - however, we often cook one day and
deliver the next, so it would need to be okay reheated. If so, would you cook
through step 6, and then have families add in the fresh veggies/herbs/juice at
the end of reheating? Thank you!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- September 19, 2018 @ 11:09 PM  Reply

Yes, that's the best way to do it and assures the integrity of the recipe. But
as always, please use your best judgement when it comes to storing and
reheating.

  502. **squatchy** -- September 6, 2018 @ 9:59 AM  Reply

This is a delicious recipe! I've made it at least 4 times for the family and
it's superb every time. I'm wondering if there is a way to make it more spicy?
Sometimes, I've found it to be a little mild and would prefer some extra heat.

Do you recommend adding another 1 tablespoon of the red curry paste? Or
perhaps some red chilli powder? What else could I add to kick up the heat a
little while still keeping the delicious flavours of the soup?

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- September 6, 2018 @ 10:51 AM  Reply

Adding additional curry paste would be perfect! 🙂

  503. **Renee** -- September 2, 2018 @ 6:21 AM  Reply

So, I've made this three times (twice with chicken and once with shrimp) and
it was fantastic (down to the last little cilantro leaf) each time. Except for
the shrimp, I've always made it exactly as written--very unusual in my kitchen
to not tinker around with a recipe-and it's just a perfect, flavorful soup.
Beautiful, too!

Thanks for the great ideas and recipes!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- September 2, 2018 @ 10:24 AM  Reply

That's great! Thanks, Renee!

  504. **Kristen** -- August 31, 2018 @ 9:33 AM  Reply

I am embarrassed to have to ask this question, but I am asking it anyway haha.
For the rice noodles, would I be using 4 oz total or 8 oz? Yoy say 1/2 of a
package, and I wasn’t sure if yoy meant half of an 8 oz package or if you
meant that half a package would equal 8 oz. Again, my apologies for what
appears to be a silly question … I looked through the comments but didn’t see
anyone else ask it. Thank you! I hope to make within the next week!

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- August 31, 2018 @ 4:02 PM  Reply

Kristen, the recipe calls for half of an 8-ounce package, so four ounces total
is correct. 🙂

      * **Kristen** -- September 2, 2018 @ 3:48 PM  Reply

Thank you so much for taking the time to respond. It means a lot. I made this
tonight and it was delicious!! I have loved every single dish that I have made
of yours. I can always trust your site to make a successful meal! Thank you
thank you!!

        * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- September 2, 2018 @ 7:14 PM  Reply

You are so welcome!

  505. **Perla** -- August 30, 2018 @ 5:47 AM  Reply

Does it make a difference if you put green curry and what type of curry do you
suggest " Thai" , because i find i cant eat all types because some are
stronger then other's

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- August 30, 2018 @ 7:23 AM  Reply

Yes, absolutely – but only if you’re okay with it turning into a Thai Green
Curry Noodle Soup recipe! And yes, a Thai variety is best. 🙂

  506. **RS** -- August 27, 2018 @ 11:13 AM  Reply

Amazing recipe! I followed it precisely except for the addition of fish sauce.
Turned out great! My family of four has requested this to be our regular
Friday night dinner 🙂 Thank you, Chungah!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- August 27, 2018 @ 12:01 PM  Reply

That's great!

  507. **Vanessa** -- August 22, 2018 @ 7:11 PM  Reply

I have never cooked with curry but I have curry powder. Do you know whether I
would use more or less than the recipe stated? Cant wait to try this!

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- August 23, 2018 @ 6:38 AM  Reply

Vanessa, curry powder is not a suitable substitute for red curry paste.

  508. **Caroline** -- August 12, 2018 @ 5:36 PM  Reply

Just made this and it turned out amazing!! Honestly so much better than a
restaurant and so easy!! Thank you!!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- August 13, 2018 @ 1:18 PM  Reply

Thank you, Caroline!

  509. **geebz** -- August 11, 2018 @ 8:50 PM  Reply

I made this tonight and it was a huge hit. We used 1/2 lbs shrimp and 3/4 lbs
chicken breast. I had to 1/2 the fish sauce due to dietary restrictions on
sodium and not knowing a suitable alternative. The flavors still came together
perfectly and this will be a go-to when I want a delicious soup!

Thank you!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- August 13, 2018 @ 1:24 PM  Reply

Thank you for sharing with us!

  510. **Mary Clayton** -- August 10, 2018 @ 12:20 PM  Reply

Could you substitute Almond for Coconut milk in this or what would you
reccomend? My husband is allergic and I really want to make this for my
family. I looks amazing.

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- August 10, 2018 @ 5:51 PM  Reply

What a great idea! But unfortunately, without further recipe testing, I cannot
answer with certainty. As always, please use your best judgment when making
substitutions and modifications.

  511. **Francia** -- July 31, 2018 @ 3:26 PM  Reply

You are a Queen in the kitchen.

  512. **Gina** -- July 29, 2018 @ 5:13 PM  Reply

This was soooo good. It's just as delicious as it looks. I want to try it with
shrimp next time (just a personal preference). This is definitely going to be
made often at our house.

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- July 29, 2018 @ 7:17 PM  Reply

So great to hear!

  513. **Jaime** -- July 26, 2018 @ 9:27 AM  Reply

Just made this soup last night, and oh em gee - it's beyond incredible.

First time ever making any type of curry soup and I was nervous, but damn.
This recipe is packed full of flavor, so satisfying, and has so many layers of
sensory overload. It's classy, elevated comfort food that made me feel like a
real life chef. Plus it looks gorgeous and colorful in the bowl.

Just make this.

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- July 27, 2018 @ 10:20 AM  Reply

Thank you for sharing, Jamie!

  514. **Kate** -- July 19, 2018 @ 8:20 PM  Reply

This is so delicious! I thought I would miss the Kaffir lime leaves that I
typically use with red curry, but it was perfect as is. For those that want a
more authentic flavored curry paste without making it yourself, Mae Ploy brand
is great, but be warned that it's quite spicy! I use half that and half Thai
Kitchen so it's not too spicy for me. This is kind of like if Pho Ga and Thai
Red Curry Chicken had a love child. I love red curry but had been getting a
bit tired of the traditional red curry chicken dish I make, and this hit the
spot. Plus, noodles!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- July 20, 2018 @ 8:16 AM  Reply

Thanks for your feedback, Kate!

  515. **Kanani** -- July 19, 2018 @ 6:12 PM  Reply

Aloha! I am using tofu do I skip the first step? And just add it in step 5?

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- July 19, 2018 @ 8:43 PM  Reply

Yes, that sounds perfect! 🙂

  516. **QL7** -- July 10, 2018 @ 2:51 PM  Reply

Now THAT's what I'm talking' about! Delicious! Be making this one a lot.

  517. **Linda Dabelstein** -- July 4, 2018 @ 11:13 AM  Reply

This was terrific! Just like the restaurant!!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- July 5, 2018 @ 11:18 AM  Reply

Great!

  518. **Robin** -- July 2, 2018 @ 6:06 AM  Reply

Love your recipes and the new website. Quick question, what brand fish sauce
do you use? I read all the comments hoping not to repeat a question. I didn’t
really like the brand I used before. Thank you!

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- July 2, 2018 @ 8:52 AM  Reply

I use _Thai Kitchen_. That's the only brand my local grocery store carries!

      * **Robin** -- July 2, 2018 @ 4:03 PM  Reply

Thanks! I made the zucchini lasagna rolls for dinnner tonight. Delicious!
Husband and child approved. Love your website!

        * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- July 3, 2018 @ 11:36 PM  Reply

Thank you, Robin!

    * **Missy Harris** -- July 19, 2018 @ 12:27 PM  Reply

Robin, if you can find Red Boat brand fish sauce, I'd advise buying a bottle.
It's excellent. I've seen it recently at Trader Joe's and at Kroger, in
addition to Asian markets.

  519. **Erin** -- June 27, 2018 @ 1:33 PM  Reply

Can you use spaghetti noodles or something else as a substitute for the rice
noodles?

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- June 27, 2018 @ 2:29 PM  Reply

Of course!

  520. **Nisha** -- June 26, 2018 @ 10:27 AM  Reply

I think I'm going to try making this on Friday - just had a question. I'm a
vegetarian, so replacing the chicken with tofu - but I haven't actually cooked
with fofu before. Do you think it would make sense to season and cook the tofu
a little bit like the chicken to add flavor, or just add directly to the soup?

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- June 26, 2018 @ 10:50 AM  Reply

I personally like to add tofu without any kind of seasoning but this really
depends on personal preference. Hope that helps!

  521. **Kari Adams** -- June 8, 2018 @ 4:48 PM  Reply

I just made this for dinner! I added shitake mushrooms and shrimp.  
Turned out perfect! Thank you…I was soooo good!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- June 8, 2018 @ 11:05 PM  Reply

Yum, I bet shrimp was great with this!

  522. **Vicki** -- June 6, 2018 @ 9:58 AM  Reply

Made this last night - loved it!!! (I even ate it for breakfast!)

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- June 6, 2018 @ 9:08 PM  Reply

Oh awesome! That's some yummy breakfast 🙂

  523. **Lynne Schroeder** -- June 4, 2018 @ 2:30 PM  Reply

Another HUGE HIT. Thank you, Chunga! The recipe is easy to follow and it
tastes better than takeout.

I didn't have enough of the Gourmet Garden brand red Chile paste I like, so I
substituted sriracha sauce for the rest. It gives a nice kick of heat at the
end.

It's a beautiful dish - colorful and appetizing. The rice noodles make this
soup satisfying and gluten free.

Now how about a yellow curry?

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- June 5, 2018 @ 8:40 AM  Reply

So happy you liked this one. A yellow curry is a great idea, we'll keep it in
mind 🙂

  524. **Niccole** -- June 3, 2018 @ 5:15 PM  Reply

Made this soup tonight with shrimp instead of chicken and it was AMAZING! I
think next time I will add some peppers to it to spice it up a bit. Thanks for
the recipe.

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- June 4, 2018 @ 10:12 AM  Reply

Shrimp is a great substitute! Yum!

  525. **Jessica** -- May 25, 2018 @ 10:25 PM  Reply

Do you think this would freeze okay? Cooking for one over here but I want to
make it all…. because everyone is raving.

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- May 26, 2018 @ 7:02 AM  Reply

It's the best, right?! 🙂 But unfortunately, I cannot answer this with
certainty as I have never tried freezing this myself. Please use your best
judgment for freezing and reheating.

  526. **Vanessa** -- May 25, 2018 @ 4:21 PM  Reply

I just made this and loved the taste but I used pad Thai rice noodles which
are a little thicker, don’t know if that makes a difference. It did get thick
so I was wondering what I did wrong?  
Also, is there anything I can add to make it less thick?

Thank you

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- May 26, 2018 @ 6:58 AM  Reply

Hi Vanessa! Thanks for trying my recipe! Pad thai noodles will soak up the
liquid so it will tend to thicken up as it sits. It is best to use the thin
rice noodles as pictured here. Hope that helps!

      * **Jaime** -- February 20, 2020 @ 4:33 PM  Reply

I made the same mistake now its made like a spaghetti instead of a soup it is
still delicious though

  527. **Keira** -- May 25, 2018 @ 3:31 PM  Reply

Can this be frozen? My boyfriend is away for the next month and I wouldn’t be
able to eat all of this myself in one go.

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- May 26, 2018 @ 7:02 AM  Reply

Unfortunately, I cannot answer this with certainty as I have never tried
freezing this myself. Please use your best judgment for freezing and
reheating.

  528. **Anne** -- May 22, 2018 @ 5:43 PM  Reply

This is wonderful!! My boys, 9 and 10, ate a ton and so did we! Thank you. Our
only problem was which utensil to use. The sauce was so good you wanted to use
a spoon which was merely impossible with the noodles!!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- May 23, 2018 @ 7:39 PM  Reply

Yeah, that calls for utensil improvising haha! Glad your whole family enjoyed
it!

  529. **Sylvanna** -- May 10, 2018 @ 4:21 PM  Reply

Thanks Denise. You confirmed what I suspected in the flavor.

  530. **Sylvanna** -- May 10, 2018 @ 4:05 PM  Reply

I made this and it was so delicious! Would shrimp be a good substitute?? We
are huge shrimp lovers in my house.

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- May 10, 2018 @ 5:21 PM  Reply

Shrimp would be an excellent substitute!

      * **Sylvanna** -- May 10, 2018 @ 6:26 PM  Reply

Thanks for answering. I tried it with shrimp. I actually.. Surprisingly prefer
the chicken. The chicken bits really soak up the flavor of the soup. But My
son loves the shrimp version.

        * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- May 10, 2018 @ 8:40 PM  Reply

I'm so glad you tried the shrimp version. I'll have to try it myself next
time!

  531. **Serene Satterlund** -- May 6, 2018 @ 1:56 PM  Reply

I have a summer cold (the worst!) and this was a perfect comfort meal! It was
delicious, and the spice is definitely breaking up congestion and making my
nose run. I added broccoli, and used the whole package of noodles because,
well, I love noodles!! It didn't overwhelm the soup. I didn't have a lime, so
I tried using lemon, and it wasn't quite the same, so I added a drop of
DoTerra lime essential oil to my bowl. Oh MY deliciousness! (If you try this,
make SURE it is food-grade EO!) Thanks for hitting out of the park yet again!
I will be making this addictive soup all the time now.

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- May 6, 2018 @ 2:14 PM  Reply

Thank you so much for your feedback Serene! Get well soon!

  532. **Diana** -- May 3, 2018 @ 7:13 AM  Reply

Made this yesterday and LOVED IT! My first time cooking with Rice Noodles, so
that was exciting too. Any idea if we could freeze it?

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- May 3, 2018 @ 7:38 AM  Reply

That's great Diana, so happy to hear you enjoyed it. We haven't tried freezing
this ourselves, so I can't answer with certainty. Please use your best
judgement when freezing and reheating.

  533. **Jaru** -- April 30, 2018 @ 3:44 PM  Reply

Just made this and followed the directions to a "t". FANTASTIC Chungah, again
GIRL!! We LOVED It!!! Thank you and keep 'em comin'!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- May 1, 2018 @ 3:42 PM  Reply

We love that you're so happy Jaru!! Awesome!

  534. **Rachel** -- April 29, 2018 @ 4:33 PM  Reply

We made this for dinner tonight and it was delightful! So flavorful and
delicious! Only change was we cut out the fish sauce . Will be making this
again for sure!!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- April 29, 2018 @ 6:01 PM  Reply

Awesome Rachel, thank you for sharing with us!

    * **Dianne Foley** -- October 8, 2018 @ 3:03 PM  Reply

If leaving out fish sauce you can substitute with soya sauce.

  535. **Kelli** -- April 29, 2018 @ 9:49 AM  Reply

This is a repeat performer in my house! Amazingly delicious! My daughter did a
study abroad program in Thailand and when she returned she cooked many meals
for us - this reminds me so much of her and the taste of Thailand she brought
back with her.

Use the freshest ingredients possible - this dish absolutely won't disappoint!
We love it!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- April 29, 2018 @ 6:02 PM  Reply

Thank you Kelli! What a great story. Glad to hear this dish makes you happy!

  536. **Kate** -- April 27, 2018 @ 11:53 AM  Reply

It is in the Dutch oven right now. Smells wonderful. It's what's for dinner.  
Thank you!!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- April 28, 2018 @ 11:24 AM  Reply

Great! I hope you enjoyed it!

  537. **Alex** -- April 26, 2018 @ 7:31 PM  Reply

Just made this, and it's a hit with the roommates!

I'm not a big fan of bell peppers (a problem that arises frequently when I go
out for Thai… As you can imagine) so I used half of one. Oh—and I used brown
rice noodles (it was that or a 14oz pack of plain ones that I was going to
have to measure) and cooked them just a little longer.

I think I'll definitely do shrimp next time though, but frankly I could do
just the broth and be totally happy with this recipe—amazing flavours!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- April 28, 2018 @ 11:24 AM  Reply

Thanks for sharing Alex! Happy to hear you made it your own and liked it.

      * **Vicki Engler Antiel** -- June 7, 2022 @ 12:58 PM  Reply

How would you cook the shrimp before adding to the soup? Would you sautee or
boil? Thanks! I want to make this today!

  538. **EM Hollinger** -- April 26, 2018 @ 10:47 AM  Reply

This was delicious! I went to bed coughing and woke with a cold and wanted a
nice chicken soup recipe to make me feel better: this was it! Because I love
the soft texture the chicken gets, I cooked up everything up to the coconut
milk (so veggies, curry paste, chicken breasts and chicken stock) in my
Instant Pot for 13 minutes on high pressure. After releasing the pressure, I
added the can of coconut milk and the rest. It turned out so well! Chicken
just fell apart and the broth was so flavorful. The best part was the mei fun
noodles and all of those fresh herbs. I feel so much better now. 🙂 Thank you
for posting this recipe!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- April 26, 2018 @ 2:10 PM  Reply

Thank you for your feedback! Feel better soon!

  539. **Denise** -- April 26, 2018 @ 8:44 AM  Reply

I made this last night, it's truly amazing and hits the spot! I am not of any
other origin that plain ol' American, but my taste buds constantly crave
Vietnamese, Thai, Korean, Indian -- basically any cuisine with complex and
yummy flavors! So, it's fun to make it and then well, I am having it for
breakfast today! SO GOOD, thanks for a great recipe!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- April 26, 2018 @ 2:13 PM  Reply

Awesome Denise! So happy to hear you loved it. Thanks for sharing!

  540. **Sylvanna** -- April 25, 2018 @ 8:24 AM  Reply

I just made a run to the supermarket  
I can not wait to see how this tastes tonight. The only thing is I did not
find Red curry paste.  
Only green. Also found Concentrated curry paste Hot from Patakas. It didn't
say red but it looked red so I bought it. Do you think it'll work out? IS it
similar?

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- April 25, 2018 @ 11:50 AM  Reply

It's hard to say, Sylvanna - I have never tried or seen that product before!
But please let me know how it turns out if you give it a try! 🙂

      * **Sylvanna** -- April 25, 2018 @ 1:14 PM  Reply

Thanks so much for replying. I will give it a go just Because I'm impatientol
and can't make another run to the store. I'll let u know.

        * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- April 25, 2018 @ 3:19 PM  Reply

Please do! 🙂

        * **Denise** -- April 26, 2018 @ 9:04 AM  Reply

Sylvanna, I have purchased the Patakas curry before in the same predicament ha
because I didn't want to go to another store. Made curry turkey burgers with
it and it wasn't the same Asian curry flavor at all. They were still good, but
I like the depth of the real green and red curry pastes. I think Patakas is
less strong and also maybe an Indian curry, but I am not entirely sure.

  541. **Gazaleh Tobias** -- April 24, 2018 @ 10:17 AM  Reply

I have the Thai Kitchen green curry paste on hand. Is that an ok substitution?

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- April 24, 2018 @ 10:21 AM  Reply

Yes, absolutely - but only if you're okay with it turning into a Thai Green
Curry Noodle Soup recipe! 🙂

  542. **Tricia** -- April 23, 2018 @ 9:10 AM  Reply

This looks amazing! Any ideas for what I could serve on the side? I have some
hungry men in my house who may not appreciate "just soup" for dinner.

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- April 23, 2018 @ 11:25 AM  Reply

Of course!

These would be great accompaniments:  
https://damndelicious.net/2016/09/30/sheet-pan-asian-stir-fry/  
https://damndelicious.net/2015/12/27/asian-garlic-noodles/  
https://damndelicious.net/2016/06/10/shrimp-egg-rolls/

  543. **Bright Steve** -- April 22, 2018 @ 8:18 AM  Reply

More chili! Yum yum!

  544. **Elizabeth @ Take On E** -- April 22, 2018 @ 5:50 AM  Reply

Oooooh, that lovely orange color you get when you combine coconut milk and red
curry! Priceless AND delicious! Can’t wait to try this.

  545. **Anna Letty** -- April 20, 2018 @ 10:24 PM  Reply

This looks so yummy and healthy! I can’t wait to try!!

  546. **DJ Gibson** -- April 20, 2018 @ 7:16 PM  Reply

Is red curry Spicey hot?

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- April 21, 2018 @ 1:14 PM  Reply

Yes, it is a little bit spicy.

  547. **Randi** -- April 20, 2018 @ 4:28 PM  Reply

I have some left over cooked chicken. Any chance I could use that up in this
recipe (this once) instead of raw chicken?

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- April 21, 2018 @ 1:16 PM  Reply

Yes, absolutely. What a great way to repurpose leftovers!

  548. **Regdjo** -- April 20, 2018 @ 3:40 PM  Reply

Where is all the sodium coming from? Is that calulatio for the whole recipe or
per serving. That is very high

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- April 20, 2018 @ 4:15 PM  Reply

The nutritional information is for each serving. The majority of the sodium
comes from the red curry paste (383 mg per serving) and the fish sauce (236
mg).

  549. **CiCi** -- April 20, 2018 @ 2:29 PM  Reply

What else would work with this dish other than chicken? Suggestions please 🙂

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- April 20, 2018 @ 2:48 PM  Reply

Tofu would be a great substitute.

    * **BYang** -- December 22, 2018 @ 1:03 AM  Reply

I use ground pork a lot in this dish. Curry w/vermicelli is my favorite thing
in the world. Turkey and fish work well also.

  550. **J L** -- April 20, 2018 @ 1:32 PM  Reply

Wondering what brand you would recommend for the red curry paste. Thanks!

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- April 20, 2018 @ 1:40 PM  Reply

I use Thai Kitchen.

  551. **Paige Flamm** -- April 20, 2018 @ 12:18 PM  Reply

I need this in my life asap!

Paige  
http://thehappyflammily.com

  552. **Barb** -- April 20, 2018 @ 11:25 AM  Reply

I've just discovered the deliciousness of Red Curry. This sounds sooo good
that I think I'm going to have to go my local Asian store and lay in a few
supplies and make a pot this weekend! Thank you for another super recipe.

  553. **Ella** -- April 20, 2018 @ 10:52 AM  Reply

So yummy!!! Made it for lunch but used firm tofu instead of chicken and added
Thai chilies. Perfect!!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- April 21, 2018 @ 1:53 PM  Reply

Great modifications, that sounds so yummy!

  554. **Kelly** -- April 20, 2018 @ 10:25 AM  Reply

I cannot wait to try this – I just bought red curry paste, coconut milk and
ginger. 🙂 And if anyone is doing WW Freestyle, this is 7 points per serving.

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- April 20, 2018 @ 10:42 AM  Reply

That sounds great! Have fun and let us know how it turns out!

    * **Gazla** -- April 21, 2018 @ 3:13 PM  Reply

Oh thanks for the ww points I was too lazy to enter.

  555. **Jacque Ballew** -- April 20, 2018 @ 10:10 AM  Reply

Question: how many noodles? Half an 8 ounce package meaning total of 4 ounces
noodles? Or half a 16 ounce noodle package, total of 8 ounces?

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- April 20, 2018 @ 10:22 AM  Reply

Half of an 8 ounce package, so 4 ounces.

  556. **Tarsha** -- April 20, 2018 @ 10:03 AM  Reply

Is the coconut milk sweetened or unsweetened? Looks good can’t wait to make
it.

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- April 20, 2018 @ 1:39 PM  Reply

Unsweetened! 🙂

  557. **Hannah** -- April 20, 2018 @ 9:54 AM  Reply

Can the Thai curry soup be made without fish sauce? I’m allergic to any fish.

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- April 20, 2018 @ 9:56 AM  Reply

Yes, you can omit.

    * **Candice** -- April 22, 2018 @ 8:06 AM  Reply

Did you try this without fish sauce? I'm curious to see how it tasted without
it.

  558. **David** -- April 20, 2018 @ 9:53 AM  Reply

Can I make homeade soups in a Crockpot?

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- April 21, 2018 @ 1:56 PM  Reply

Absolutely! If you want to browse for some, explore the Slow Cooker section
here: https://damndelicious.net/category/slow-cooker/ There are lots of
different soups waiting for you 🙂

  559. **jacki** -- April 20, 2018 @ 9:33 AM  Reply

what name brand curry paste do you prefer?? thanks

    * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- April 20, 2018 @ 1:40 PM  Reply

I use Thai Kitchen.

      * **Luisa** -- April 23, 2018 @ 9:09 PM  Reply

How can I make the red curry paste ?

        * **Chungah @ Damn Delicious** -- April 24, 2018 @ 7:33 AM  Reply

Luisa, you can actually purchase red curry paste from your local grocery
store. Most grocery store chains carry them in the Asian section.

  560. **IVORY** -- April 20, 2018 @ 9:28 AM  Reply

Yum! Will beaming this for dinner Sunday, but I will be using shrimps, only
because my family are so in love with seafood . Thank you for sharing, and
have a great weekend.

  561. **Debbie** -- April 20, 2018 @ 9:12 AM  Reply

Your nutrition info says 0 saturated fat. How can that be with a whole can of
coconut milk? I hope you have found a fat free brand - please share!

    * **Jana @ Damn Delicious** -- April 20, 2018 @ 2:17 PM  Reply

Hi Debbie, good catch! We accidentally used the numbers for fresh coconut milk
instead of canned, so there lies the difference. It's updated now. Thank you 🙂

    * **Trish’s Dish’s Catering Company** -- September 12, 2018 @ 8:56 PM  Reply

T.J.’s Has A ( not sure if I can use store name… but sure everyone knows what
I’m talking about…$  
“Fat Free” Coconut Creamer ( Dairy Case)  
I just found it yesterday…..  
Delicious sub for my 1/2 n1/2 in coffee….  
As A Trained Culinary Chef- I luv luv luv finding  
fun items.  
I’ve been Ill & out of the loop, so this may be old  
news…. but …..  
I’m definitely going to play around w/ it in recipes  
This one to start. Will keep you apprised !!

  562. **Katerina** -- April 19, 2018 @ 10:10 PM  Reply

It looks delicious! I am in love with Thai food!

Come join me in my culinary adventures where we'll be using **simple, fresh
ingredients** and transforming them into _sophisticated and elegant meals_ for
the **everyday home cook**.

More About Me »

Get your copy today:

Amazon // Barnes & Noble  // Indiebound

Get your copy today:

Amazon // Barnes & Noble  // Indiebound

## Search Recipes:

__Search

## Get the _Latest Recipes_ Right in your Inbox:

## What's Trending

## Get the _Latest recipes_ right in your inbox:

Sign Up __

  * ^ Top
  * Home
  * About
  * Browse Recipes
  * Press
  * Team
  * Privacy
  * Contact

(C)2022 __Damn Delicious. Design byPurr.

