https://insanelygoodrecipes.com/thai-soup-recipes/


Skip to content

Menu

  * Recipes
    * Appetizers
    * Beverages
    * Breakfast
    * Casserole
    * Copycat Recipes
    * Cookies
    * Seafood
    * Side Dishes
    * Soup
  * Desserts
  * Dinner
  * Crockpot Recipes
  * About Us
    * Privacy Policy
    * Terms and Conditions
    * Contact Us

##

Search

More results...

Generic filters

##

Search

More results...

Generic filters

Home › Recipe Roundup › 10 Authentic Thai Soup Recipes

# 10 Authentic Thai Soup Recipes

Last Updated on: May 25, 2022

  * Share
  * Pin
  * Email

Forget the Pad Thai because this year, all you'll want to make are these
crazy-good **Thai soup recipes.**

I'll admit that I can get into a soup slump during the colder months, and I
almost always fall back on the same old recipes.

**Want to save this recipe? Enter your email below and we'll send the recipe
straight to your inbox!**

Notice: JavaScript is required for this content.

But not this year!

Instead, I'll be pulling out the chilis and stocking up on ginger and
lemongrass because these soups are bright, fresh, and irresistible.  

They're not _all_ spicy, but you can adjust most of these to your liking in a
snap.

Let's get to it.

## 1\. Thai Green Curry Chicken Soup

You've probably guessed it, but this soup is chock full of spicy Thai green
curry paste.

Although it's mixed with coconut milk and chicken stock, so it does mellow
out.

Between the broccoli, green onions, cilantro, mushrooms, fresh garlic, and
ginger, this soup isn't just complex, it's super nutritious, too.

This is a great vegan Thai soup if you opt for vegetable stock and soy sauce
(instead of fish sauce).

Or, for a boost of protein, why not add some chicken to the mix?

## 2\. Thai Red Curry Vegetable Soup

The only real difference between green curry and red curry is the chilis they
use.

It won't come as a surprise to hear that red curry is made with dried red
chilis, whereas green is made using fresh green chilis.

However, those dried red chilis do pack quite a punch, so red Thai curry is
usually a touch spicier.

**Want to save this recipe? Enter your email below and we'll send the recipe
straight to your inbox!**

Notice: JavaScript is required for this content.

This soup is so filling and hearty, you will be full all day on just one bowl.

It's full of sweet potatoes, bak choy, and rice vermicelli noodles, plus, you
can add any extra veggies you like.

## 3\. Tom Yum Soup

Tom Yum soup is a fantastic hot and sour soup that can be served as a clear
broth or with a creamier finish.

The clear soup has a cleaner taste, and the shrimp flavors are much more
pronounced.

The creamy version adds in chili paste and evaporated/coconut milk, giving it
more heat and another layer of flavor to go with the shrimp.

You'll start by making the broth, which includes shrimp heads and shells,
garlic, chili, lemongrass, and kaffir lime leaves, all of which you should be
able to find at your local Asian supermarket.

Once strained, add in the rest of the ingredients and cook until the prawns
turn pink.

## 4\. Wicked Thai Chicken Soup

You've probably noticed that most of these soups are more like stews, in that
they have all kinds of veggies and noodles in the bowl, too.

I love that about these recipes because it gives you so much more to look
forward to in terms of taste and texture.

This soup is no exception, calling for chicken, mushrooms, and peppers along
with a generous serving of cooked rice for added substance.

## 5\. Thai Pumpkin Soup

For those that prefer a warm bowl of velvety smooth soup, this one's for you.

Unlike typical pumpkin soup recipes that are full of cinnamon and nutmeg, this
recipe is loaded with signature Thai spices of ginger, lemongrass, and
cilantro.

Since the recipe calls for coconut milk, this is totally vegan, and I
recommend it stays that way.

Of course, you could use regular cream instead, but I like that slight
sweetness you get from the nutty coconut.

## 6\. Thai Sweet Potato and Carrot Soup

Pumpkin is terrific when it's in season, but for those long months when it's
not, sweet potato and carrots are the next best thing.

This recipe has a couple of differences to the one above, like the red curry
paste and lime juice for a fresh take on traditional flavors.

Visually, I think this soup is so much brighter and more appealing.

Not to mention, baby carrots and sweet potatoes are way easier to prep than a
giant pumpkin!

## 7\. Southern Thai Gaeng Som Recipe (Sour Spicy Fish Curry)

I'm pretty sure most of us have a bag of frozen white fish in the freezer just
begging to be used.

Instead of making those same old fish sticks, please give this delicious Thai
soup a shot!

You can use any fish at all, so don't worry about scouring the counter for
barramundi.

If you can't find green papaya (I couldn't) try using carrots or bean sprouts
instead.

Since the unripe papaya is more or less flavorless, it's only included for the
crunch.

## 8\. Thai Pork Ramen

I've made this half a dozen times in the last month and it never gets old.

The tender shredded pork with the delicious broth and noodles is incredibly
tasty and comforting.

One thing to note is that the recipe calls for "cooked shredded pork" which
isn't something we always have on hand.

And if we do, it's usually smothered in BBQ sauce.

I followed this recipe for slow cooker pulled pork with chicken stock, soy
sauce, rice vinegar, sesame oil, brown sugar, and fresh ginger.

When it came out, I kept most for my ramen, but I added BBQ sauce to some and
it was wonderful. The ginger, especially, was a nice change.

## 9\. Khao Tom Thai Rice Soup Recipe

If making a shoulder of pork sounds like too much work on a lazy Sunday, this
recipe is the perfect shortcut.

It's just as flavorful, calling for shallots, lemongrass, garlic, fish sauce,
salt, lime juice, cilantro, and chili.

Plus the rice cooks right in the broth so it's super fast and only needs one
pot.

But the best part is, it uses ground pork instead, which gets added right into
the hot broth.

Break it apart with your spoon, and it cooks in a matter of minutes.

## 10\. Authentic Ruam Mit Recipe

Ruam mit is a sweet soup dessert that has no set of ingredients.

Depending on where you order it, it could come with water chestnuts, sweet
potato, corn, or jackfruit.

Though it can change from place to place, the base is typically coconut milk
flavored with ​​pandan leaves, which are very popular in a lot of Thai
desserts.

Pandan leaves have a grassy yet sweet/vanilla flavoring as well as a bit of
coconut, too.

You can probably find them in your local Asian store, or they're also
available online.

This dessert has a lot of components, so it's best to dive in when you have a
few hours to devote to the prep.

It will be worth it in the end when you see all those gorgeous colors.

Print

## 10 Authentic Thai Soups

These authentic Thai soup recipes are the perfect way to warm up! From curry
to pumpkin to ramen, you can't go wrong with any one of these amazing soups.

### Ingredients

  * Thai Green Curry Chicken Soup

  * Thai Red Curry Vegetable Soup

  * Tom Yum Soup

  * Wicked Thai Chicken Soup

  * Thai Pumpkin Soup

  * Thai Sweet Potato and Carrot Soup

  * Southern Thai Gaeng Som Recipe (Sour Spicy Fish Curry)

  * Thai Pork Ramen

  * Khao Tom Thai Rice Soup Recipe

  * Authentic Ruam Mit Recipe

### Directions

  * Select your favorite recipe.
  * Organize all the required ingredients.
  * Prep a Thai soup in 30 minutes or less!

Did you like the recipe?

Click on a star to rate it!

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

Submit Rating

Average rating 5 / 5. Vote count: 1

No votes so far! Be the first to rate this post.

Thanks!

Share on social media:

We are sorry that this post was not useful for you!

Let us improve this post!

Tell us how we can improve this post?

Submit Feedback

  * Share
  * Pin
  * Email

### Related posts

25 Authentic Thai Vegetarian Recipes 20 Authentic Thai Curry Recipes (+ Easy
Dinner Ideas) 20 Authentic Italian Soup Recipes 15 Authentic German Soup
Recipes 32 Easy Thai Recipes To Try at Home 21 Thai Breakfast Recipes (+
Popular Dishes)

Load More

### INSANELYGOOD

Hey there! I'm Kim. I love running, cooking, and curling up with a good book!
I share recipes for people who LOVE good food, but want to keep things simple
:)

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Comment

Name Email Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

## About Me

### Hey There!

I'm Kim. I love running, cooking, and curling up with a good book! Here you'll
find simple and delicious recipes that you can make in 30 minutes or less.

## KEEP IN TOUCH

  *  __
  *  __
  *  __

##  Categories

478

#### Recipes

91

#### Chicken

632

#### Desserts

173

#### Breakfast

134

#### Copycat Recipes

__FACEBOOK

__TWITTER

__PINTEREST

Insanely Good Recipes is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC associates
program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for
sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. We
also participate in affiliate programs with Thrive Market, Shareasale, and
other sites. We are compensated for referring traffic.

Copyright © 2020 InsanelyGoodRecipes.com - Quick & Easy Recipes  
Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Contact Us

(C) 2022 Insanely Good Recipes • Built with GeneratePress

