https://mayihavethatrecipe.com/vegan-thai-style-soup/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipes
  * COOKBOOK
  * Contact Us
  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * COOKBOOK
  * About
  * Contact Us

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

×

You are here: Home » Soups » **Thai Soup**

Post created:January 31, 2022-Post updated: February 16, 2022-May contain
affiliate links

# Thai Soup

155 shares

  * 45
  * 110

Jump to Recipe*Print Recipe

Our Thai Soup recipe uses fresh ingredients commonly used in Thai dishes which
makes for a spicy, tangy soup. It includes toasted sesame oil, fresh ginger,
soy sauce, carrots, cilantro, hot cherry peppers, tofu, and lime juice in a
flavorful vegetable broth. It may not be an authentic Thai soup, but it tastes
pretty close to what you would find in your favorite vegetarian Thai
Restaurant.

## How to Make Thai Soup

Making homemade soup is not difficult. Most soups are made in a similar way,
adding the ingredients to a soup pan in oil a few at a time to build the
flavor profile. Add broth and simmer your ingredients for a while and you have
soup. The reward is a hot, delicious, life-giving meal.

## Ingredients in Thai Soup

  * **Toasted Sesame Oil:** This oil is strongly flavored and gives this soup a delicious nutty flavor. 
  * **Garlic Cloves:** Real garlic makes a huge difference in the flavor and depth of this homemade soup.
  *  **Fresh Ginger:** Peel the skin off your ginger and grate it directly into your pan. 
  * **Tomato Paste:** The paste version adds an intensified version of tomato flavor and you do not need much. 
  * **Cremini or white mushrooms** : Cremini mushrooms have more flavor but any mushroom will work in this dish. 
  * **Vegetable Broth** : or vegetarian non-chicken broth will work. 
  * **Medium Carrots:** Use regular carrots as they will have more flavor than baby carrots. 
  * **Shredded Cabbage:** You can also use coleslaw mix which is a huge timesaver.
  *  **Lemongrass Stalks** : See our note for instructions on how to use this traditional ingredient.
  *  **Vegan Worcestershire  Sauce**: This ingredient is optional but it does add richness and flavor.
  *  **Hot Cherry Peppers:** Because it wouldn't be Thai Soup without a little bit of spice. You can also use Sambal Olek instead.
  *  **Extra-firm Tofu:** Cubed. You don't have to include the tofu, but it adds protein for a more complete one-dish meal. 
  * **Fresh Chopped Cilantro** **and Sliced Scallions:** added to the soup at the end to finish it off perfectly.
  *  **Freshly Squeezed Lime Juice:** This adds a little bit of freshness and acidity to counter the richness of this soup. You can also use lemon juice.

### Step-By-Step Instructions for the Thai Soup Recipe

Start with a large soup pot so you have plenty of room for all of the
ingredients, making this a one-dish meal. Heat the sesame oil and add garlic,
ginger, and tomato paste.

Cook on medium heat until the tomato paste darkens in color. Then add the
mushrooms. Once the mushrooms are cooked, they will shrink in size and darken
in color as they cook.

Add the vegetable broth, soy sauce, Worcestershire sauce, salt, carrots,
cabbage, lemongrass, diced hot cherry peppers or Sambal Olek, and tofu.  Bring
to a boil, turn the heat down and simmer your Thai soup for 30 minutes.

Remove the soup from the heat and add cilantro, scallions, and lime or lemon
juice to finish off the soup. Cover the soup pot and let it sit until you are
ready to eat.

  *   * 

## The Story Behind This Recipe

I love soup. It's funny because growing up, we didn't eat it that much. My mom
used to make a couple of different kinds that we of course loved, but that
didn't happen too often.

I started to really enjoy it after I moved to the US and got hit with my first
snowstorm. I realized then, that cold was going to be my new reality. Freezing
cold winters (at least compared to our winters in Barcelona!) and lots of
snow. And nothing helped me cope with that better than a hot, steamy bowl of
soup.

So I started to get creative and play with different ingredients. The
possibilities? Endless!

I totally made up this recipe for Thai Soup, so it might not be the real
thing... but let me tell you, I like it so much that it has become my new
"chicken soup". Soothing, comforting, and the best remedy for (almost)
everything.

And since the temperature just dropped about 25 degrees from yesterday, I'd
say it's the perfect time for it.

## FAQ

### What is lemongrass?

**Lemongrass** is a tropical grass from South East Asia with aromatic stalks
which is used as a flavoring in cooking many Asian dishes.

### Where can I find lemongrass?

You should be able to find lemongrass at your local Asian market or specialty
supermarket.

### How to cook with lemongrass?

Take the lemongrass stalk and cut off ½ " from the bottom. where the hard bulb
is and about 2" from the top.  Peel 2 layers of the leaves. With a wooden
spoon hit the lemongrass until it releases some of its fragrant smell.

### What are popular Thai soups?

  * **Tom Kha soup**. This is a  creamy coconut soup and is ever so slightly sour. It almost always have mushrooms and cilantro. 
  *  **Tom Yum Soup.** This soup is usually made with a clear broth base and shrimp. It is a sweet and sour soup with plenty of spice.

### What is the difference between Tom Yum and Tom Kha?

Tom Kha soup has a coconut milk base and Tom Yum has a clear broth base. These
soups have a completely different flavor profile.

## Making Thai Soup Vegan

To make this soup vegan, you just need to make sure you grab a vegan version
of Worcestershire sauce or leave that ingredient out. That's it! The Thai Soup
recipe is pretty much Vegan without an adaptation.

## What To Serve With Thai Soup

Our lovely Thai Soup Recipe can be served as the first course for any more
formal Thai-themed meal, or as the main course for your casual lunch or dinner
any time. Enjoy the soup with any of the following Thai-Inspired Recipes.

## **Other Thai Recipes**

  * Vegan Pad Thai Noodle Salad
  * Vegan Thai Lettuce Cups with Peanut Sauce
  * Thai Green Papaya Salad
  * Thai Coconut Soup

**_If you enjoyed this recipe, it would help us tremendously if you left us a
star rating in the comments below or on the recipe card. Do you have any
questions about the recipe or do you need a swap for any of the ingredients?
We are here to help, just leave us a question in the comments below._**

Print

clock clock iconcutlery cutlery iconflag flag iconfolder folder iconinstagram
instagram iconpinterest pinterest iconfacebook facebook iconprint print
iconsquares squares iconheart heart iconheart solid heart solid icon

## Thai Soup

* * *

  * Author: Vicky and Ruth
  * Total Time: 55 minutes
  * Yield: 10 cups 1x
  * Diet: Vegan

Print Recipe

Pin Recipe

### Description

Our Thai Soup recipe uses fresh ingredients commonly used in Thai dishes which
makes for a spicy, tangy soup. It includes toasted sesame oil, fresh ginger,
soy sauce, carrots, cilantro, hot cherry peppers, tofu, and lime juice in a
flavorful vegetable broth. It may not be an authentic Thai soup, but it tastes
pretty close to what you would find in your favorite vegetarian Thai
Restaurant.

* * *

### Ingredients

Scale 1x2x3x

  * 2 tsp toasted sesame oil
  * 2 cloves garlic, grated
  * 2 tbsp grated fresh ginger, grated
  * 2 tbsp tomato paste
  * 12 oz crimini or white mushrooms, sliced
  * 8 cups vegetable broth or non-chicken broth
  * 4 tsp soy sauce or tamari
  * 3-4 dashes **vegan** Worcestershire sauce (optional)
  * ½ tsp salt
  * 2 medium carrots, thinly sliced
  * 1 cup shredded cabbage (you can also use coleslaw mix)
  * 2 lemongrass stalks, bruised ( **See note #1)**
  * 2 tsp diced hot cherry peppers or 1 tsp Sambal Olek
  * 14 oz extra firm tofu, cubed
  * 1 cup fresh chopped cilantro
  * 5 scallions, sliced
  * 3 tbsp freshly squeezed lime juice or lemon juice

* * *

### Instructions

  1. Heat the sesame oil in a large soup pot. Add the garlic, ginger, and tomato paste. Cook over medium heat for 3 minutes or until the tomato paste darkens in color
  2. Add the mushrooms and cook for about 7 minutes, stirring often. Add the vegetable broth, soy sauce, Worcestershire sauce, salt, carrots, cabbage, lemongrass, diced hot cherry peppers or Sambal Olek, and tofu. Bring to a boil, turn the heat down and simmer for 30 minutes
  3. Add the cilantro, scallions, and lime or lemon juice. Turn off the heat, cover and let it sit until ready to eat

### Notes

  1. Take the lemongrass stalk and cut off ½ " from the bottom. where the hard bulb is and about 2" from the top. Peel 2 layers of the leaves. With the edge of a sturdy wooden spoon hit the lemongrass until it releases some of its fragrant smell. 

This post was originally published in October 2012 and has been updated with
new images and ingredient information.

  * Prep Time: 10
  * Cook Time: 45
  * Category: soup
  * Method: stovetop
  * Cuisine: Thai

### Nutrition

  * **Serving Size:** 2 cups
  * **Calories:** 190
  * **Sugar:** 8.4
  * **Sodium:** 1281
  * **Fat:** 6.5
  * **Saturated Fat:** .9
  * **Unsaturated Fat:** 5.3
  * **Trans Fat:** 0
  * **Carbohydrates:** 24.3
  * **Fiber:** 3.6
  * **Protein:** 12
  * **Cholesterol:** 0

Keywords: Gluten-free, kosher, low calorie, protein

### Did you make this recipe?

Tag @mayihavethatrecipe on Instagram and hashtag it #mayihavethatrecipe
#tahiniandturmeric

## More Soups

  * Mushroom Barley Soup

  * Leek and Potato Soup

  * Creamy Tomato and Roasted Eggplant Soup (Vegan and Gluten-Free)

  * Vegetarian Tortilla Soup

### NEVER MISS A RECIPE!

Subscribe to receive our latest recipes right in your inbox

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. This American Bite says

December 10, 2012 at 2:14 pm

This sounds very similar to my Udon Noodle Soup. I love the way you present
it.

Reply

    * mayihavethatrecipe says

December 10, 2012 at 2:19 pm

Ooohhh!! Your looks yummy too!!! Perfect for this weather we're having...

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe rating _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

Search

### Hi! We're so glad you are here!

We are Vicky & Ruth, authors of the vegan cookbook Tahini and Turmeric. We we
raised in Barcelona in a Jewish-Lebanese household, we moved to the US over 25
years ago. We created May I Have That Recipe to help you explore new spices,
flavors and cuisine with simple, easy flavorful dishes!

Read more...

### Never Miss a Recipe

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * Privacy Policy

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates

### Contact

  * Contact

As an Amazon Associate, I earn from qualifying purchases at no extra cost to
you

Copyright © 2012-2022 May I Have That Recipe LLC on the Brunch Pro Theme

  *   *   * 

**5 Secrets to Tasty Meatless Recipes  **

_Take your recipes from_  
 _Blah to Yowza!_

_Free email series_

YES, I WANT IT

