https://chefinlove.in/2020/07/31/burnt-garlic-chilly-fish/


Skip to content

#  Chefinlove by Rose Joseph

##

### Menu

  * All Day Menu
  * Indian Vegetarian
  * Indian Non-Vegetarian
  * Soups & Salads
  * Rice & Breads
  * Chinese
  * Dessert
  * Continental

# Burnt Garlic Chilly Fish

“ ** _In the hands of an able cook, fish can become an inexhaustible source of
perpetual delight.” -Savarin_**

Burnt garlic chilli fish is tasty, simple and just so delightfully addictive.

It’s been a while since I posted, where have the days gone? During the Covid
lockdown I took to learning an art online -mandala art. To make it short, I
just found doing this art so stress free, calming and really challenging. I
have been busy drawing and filling up Mandelas by the dozen. A big shout out
to my older sister who insisted I take time off and learn the art. I just love
it, it is time consuming but the final product makes it all worthwhile.

During the lockdown, with no maids at home I am always in a hurry and want to
be done with cooking. So I fished out all my recipes from a particular book I
had labelled “fast and easy.” This particular recipe has hardly any
ingredients and is over in a jiffy- but the final dish is seriously addictive.
All you need is some good fish with firm flesh so that the cubes retain their
shape during the process of cooking.

When planning a special menu, it is always important to balance the dishes.
Either the meat protein could be a curry, so that the fish or seafood is kept
a dry, moist dish just covered in a sauce, or the other way around. The other
factors to look into are definitely the colour of the dishes, eye- appeal and
the ingredients used for every dish.

Do try out this recipe and let me know-

**Ingredients:**

  * Boneless cubes of fish -1/2 kg
  * Ginger garlic paste -1 tsp 
  * Pepper powder -1/4 tsp
  * Salt to taste 
  * Flour -1 tbsp
  * Oil to shallow fry the fish

**To fry:**

  * Chopped garlic- 4-5 tbsp 
  * Onion -1 big cut into thick wedges
  * Capsicum -1 cut into wedges
  * Dry red chillies - 3-4
  * Chilly flakes -1 tsp 
  * Kashmiri chilli powder-1 tbsp
  * Tomato sauce -1 tbsp 
  * Any vegetable oil-2-3 tbsp

**Method:**

  1. Wash and pat dry the boneless fish cubes.
  2. Smear the fish with ginger-garlic paste, pepper, flour and salt. Keep aside for half an hour.
  3. In a flat nonstick fry pan, add a little oil and fry the cubes of fish light brown on both sides. Keep aside.
  4. In hot oil, add the chopped garlic and fry till dark brown and fragrant.
  5. Add the shredded dry chillies and fry.
  6. Add onion and capsicum wedges and stir fry for a minute or so.
  7. Add the chilli flakes and K. chilli powder and mix well.
  8. Add the fish and toss well. Try not to break up the cubes. 
  9. Finally stir in the tomato sauce and with a quick stir see that the fish is coated lightly and evenly. 
  10. It is a versatile dish. You could serve it with a Pulao of your choice, make a katti roll or even serve it alongside with a plate of noodles.

**Chefs tips:**

  * You can use either seer, sea bass, red snapper or Indian salmon. The fish has to be boneless and skinless.
  * In the place of green capsicum, you could add half of a red/yellow capsicum too for some added colour.
  * The fish has to be shallow fried on a tava and not deep fried.
  * Do not wait for the onion wedges to turn soft, there has to be a crunch when you bite into the onion.
  * This dish can be served with Pulao, or as a filling for a katti roll or even as a starter.
  * This dish serves 2-4 adults.

Till my next post,

Cheers

Rose

### Share this:

  * Twitter
  * Facebook
  * 

### Like this:

Like Loading...

### _Related_

###  1 reply »

  1. **Let's Cook** says:

August 3, 2020 at 9:39 pm

Awesome!  
Would you like to do follow for follow.  
Would love to hear from you

LikeLiked by 1 person

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Enter your comment here...

Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment:

  *   *   * 

Email (required) (Address never made public)

Name (required)

Website

****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out /  Change )

****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out /  Change )

****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out /  Change )

Cancel

Connecting to %s

Notify me of new comments via email.

Notify me of new posts via email.

Δ

_By_ Rose Joseph  
On July 31, 2020  
1 Comment

Previous

Next

Indian, Indian Vegetarian

#fishlove #chillymatters #warmandsatisfying #quickandeasy



### Categories

Categories Select Category All Day Menu Cakes Chefinlove turns 1 Chinese
Continental Dessert Indian Indian Non-Vegetarian Indian Vegetarian Kitchen
Instructions Memories Place your order Recipes Rice & Breads Soups & Salads



### Categories

  * All Day Menu
  * Cakes
  * Chefinlove turns 1
  * Chinese
  * Continental
  * Dessert
  * Indian
  * Indian Non-Vegetarian
  * Indian Vegetarian
  * Kitchen Instructions
  * Memories
  * Place your order
  * Recipes
  * Rice & Breads
  * Soups & Salads

### Recent Posts

  * Ginger Chutney
  * Meat Pattichuthu ( dry masala)- Kerala style
  * Sweet & Sour Brinjal
  * Pepper chicken Roast
  * Strawberry Jam Cupcakes

Follow Chefinlove by Rose Joseph on WordPress.com

### Follow Blog via Email

Get new posts directly to your email.

Email Address:

Follow

Indian

##  Ginger Chutney

Chutneys are a great way to make an ordinary plate of food taste
extraordinary. It can change the feel of any cuisine. A chutney is made out of
seasonal fruits […]

Ginger Chutney

Indian Non-Vegetarian

##  Meat Pattichuthu ( dry masala)- Kerala style

‘Beef is the soul of cooking.’ - Marie Antoine Careme It’s been a while since
I posted, in fact a couple of months? 2019 was a year of learning and […]

Meat Pattichuthu ( dry masala)- Kerala style

Indian Vegetarian

##  Sweet & Sour Brinjal

Brinjal or eggplant- contains antioxidants, rich in dietary fibre and
manganese and above all, low in calories. Brinjal also known as eggplant or
aubergines is one vegetable most people dislike, […]

Sweet & Sour Brinjal

Indian

##  Pepper chicken Roast

“Pepper is small in quantity and great in virtue.” -Plato It’s been a while
since I put up a recipe, the last one and a half years seem to have […]

Pepper chicken Roast

All Day Menu

##  Strawberry Jam Cupcakes

It’s after a long break I am putting up a post. New commitments just threw me
off balance for some time. Have reworked my schedule and should be good from
[…]

Strawberry Jam Cupcakes

Indian

##  Fish and Mango curry (Kerala style)

“Never underestimate the power of Good Food. Eating delicious food can be a
life changing experience.”- Shon Mehta It’s been quite a while since I posted
any recipe. Happy New […]

Fish and Mango curry (Kerala style)

All Day Menu

##  Peach & Apple Cobbler

“Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication .” - Leonardo Da Vinci It was a
warm day yesterday, however that did not stop me from baking this warm
wonderful dessert for lunch. […]

Peach & Apple Cobbler

All Day Menu

##  PARIPPU PAYASAM

I maybe miles away but the spirit of Onam always stays close to my heart. Onam
is the national festival of Kerala and it is celebrated by all, regardless of
[…]

PARIPPU PAYASAM

Follow Chefinlove by Rose Joseph on WordPress.com

Create a website or blog at WordPress.com

  * Follow Following

    * Chefinlove by Rose Joseph 

Join 127 other followers

Sign me up

    * Already have a WordPress.com account? Log in now.

  *     * Chefinlove by Rose Joseph 
    * Customize
    * Follow Following
    * Sign up
    * Log in
    * Copy shortlink
    * Report this content
    * View post in Reader 
    * Manage subscriptions
    * Collapse this bar

%d bloggers like this:

