https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/seared-fish-chilli-garlic/cffaf20d-dc03-498b-95df-e9f1e7a17c92


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Seared fish with chilli & garlic

  * _25m_ prep
  * _15m_ cook
  * _6_ servings 

1

Save Recipe

73 people saved this

1 person made this

This speedy fish dish is a winner any night of the week.

L

Leanne Kitchen

377 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain sulphites, fish and soybean.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 12 Ingredients 
  * 4 Method Steps 

#### 12 Ingredients

  * 125ml (1/2 cup) vegetable oil 

  * 1 large red onion, halved, thinly sliced 

  * 2 large fresh red chillies, thinly sliced 

  * 1 stem lemon grass, pale section only, thinly sliced 

  * 4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced 

  * 3.5cm-piece fresh ginger, peeled, cut into matchsticks 

  * 60ml (1/4 cup) water 

  * 1 tbsp soy sauce 

  * 2 tsp caster sugar 

  * 2 tsp fresh lime juice 

  * 800g skin-on white fish fillets (such as snapper) 

  * Fresh coriander sprigs, to serve 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 4 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Heat half the oil  (125ml (1/2 cup) vegetable oil) in a small saucepan over
medium-low heat. Add the onion  (1 large red onion, halved, thinly sliced) and
cook, stirring often, for 3-4 minutes or until the onion starts to soften.

  * Step 2

Add chilli  (2 large fresh red chillies, thinly sliced), lemon grass  (1 stem
lemon grass, pale section only, thinly sliced), garlic  (4 garlic cloves,
thinly sliced) and ginger  (3.5cm-piece fresh ginger, peeled, cut into
matchsticks). Cook for 2 minutes or until aromatic. Add the water  (60ml (1/4
cup) water), soy sauce  (1 tbsp soy sauce), sugar  (2 tsp caster sugar) and
lime juice  (2 tsp fresh lime juice). Cook, shaking the pan, for 1 minute or
until the sugar dissolves. Season with salt and pepper. Cover to keep warm.

  * Step 3

Pat fish dry with paper towel. Heat remaining oil in a large, heavy-based
frying pan over high heat. Add half the fish  (800g skin-on white fish fillets
(such as snapper)), skin-side down. Cook for 2 minutes. Turn and cook for 2
minutes or until golden and cooked through. Transfer to a serving platter.
Repeat with remaining fish, reheating the pan between batches.

  * Step 4

Top the fish with the chilli mixture and coriander  (Fresh coriander sprigs,
to serve) to serve.

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

1 person made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

73 people saved this

### Recipe Notes

Serves six as part of a banquet.

**Time-saving tip:** Chop the chilli, lemon grass, garlic and ginger up to 1
day ahead. Store in an airtight container in the fridge.

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by Rob Palmer

##  Popular on Taste

  1. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  2. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  3. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

  4. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

  5. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

  6. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  7. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

  8. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

