https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/86230/szechwan-shrimp/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. World Cuisine
  4. Asian
  5. Chinese
  6. Szechwan Shrimp

# Szechwan Shrimp

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.4

3272 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 2019 
  * 4 star values: 840 
  * 3 star values: 252 
  * 2 star values: 125 
  * 1 star values: 36 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 3,272 Ratings 
  * 2,344 Reviews 
  * 317 Photos 

Don't let some of the ingredients fool you--this spicy shrimp makes a simple,
impressive dish, which I usually make for company. For more or less heat,
adjust amount of red pepper. Serve over hot steamed rice.

Recipe by FOODGU1

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Read the full recipe after the video.

Add Photo

Szechwan Shrimp Rachel Allen

Szechwan Shrimp Donna

Szechwan Shrimp Meg

Szechwan Shrimp Jonathan Blackmore

\+ 313 313 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

10 mins

cook:

10 mins

total:

20 mins

Servings:

4

Yield:

4 servings

Nutrition Info

close up view of Szechwan Shrimp garnished with green onions in a pan

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

4

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 4 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 4 tablespoons water 
  * 2 tablespoons ketchup 
  * 1 tablespoon soy sauce 
  * 2 teaspoons cornstarch 
  * 1 teaspoon honey 
  * ½ teaspoon crushed red pepper 
  * ¼ teaspoon ground ginger 
  * 1 tablespoon vegetable oil 
  * ¼ cup sliced green onions 
  * 4 cloves garlic, minced 
  * 12 ounces cooked shrimp, tails removed 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

In a bowl, stir together water, ketchup, soy sauce, cornstarch, honey, crushed
red pepper, and ground ginger. Set aside.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Stir in green onions and
garlic; cook 30 seconds. Stir in shrimp, and toss to coat with oil. Stir in
sauce. Cook and stir until sauce is bubbly and thickened.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

142 calories; protein 18.3g; carbohydrates 6.7g; fat 4.4g; cholesterol
163.8mg; sodium 499.5mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (2344)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

rhall123

Rating: 4 stars

02/07/2008

i would recomend using raw shrimp as they cook so quickly. pre cooked shrimp
come out rubbery while the raw ones will be nice and tender. try tossing in
some bay scallops too.

Read More

Helpful (231)

### Most helpful critical review

Wrenja

Rating: 3 stars

02/07/2008

Good recipe, but really, ground ginger? Go all out and put some real ginger
in, it makes the depth of flavor so much more interesting.

Read More

Helpful (172)

3272 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 2019 
  * 4 star values: 840 
  * 3 star values: 252 
  * 2 star values: 125 
  * 1 star values: 36 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

rhall123

Rating: 4 stars

02/07/2008

i would recomend using raw shrimp as they cook so quickly. pre cooked shrimp
come out rubbery while the raw ones will be nice and tender. try tossing in
some bay scallops too.

Wrenja

Rating: 3 stars

02/07/2008

Good recipe, but really, ground ginger? Go all out and put some real ginger
in, it makes the depth of flavor so much more interesting.

LittleMissCooker

Rating: 5 stars

01/26/2008

AMAZING! This recipe is a perfect mixture of tangy not-to-sweet sauce and a
little bite of spicy-ness. It really only took 20 minutes (what I thought was
amazing!). One suggestion though, if you are making this recipe use 6
tablespoons of water (not 4) and use more olive oil when cooking. Also, don't
let the smell of the sauce confuse you at first, I thought it was disguisting
too. But, when you cook it the sauce gets REALLY yummy! This recipe was
amazing and I deffintaly recomend this!

Marge Williams

Rating: 3 stars

02/07/2008

I have a very similar recipe to this one. It calls for 1 lb shrimp, fresh
ginger, garlic, Tbsp rice wine & I add one can chopped stewed tomatoes. It
doesn't really need the honey because the stewed tomatoes give it sweetness.
Served with rice this recipe with these additions makes it 5 stars & a
wonderful meal for family or guests. You won't have any leftovers !

ShannLeigh

Rating: 5 stars

02/05/2008

Used 2#s of raw shrimp, tripled the sauce and added just a little more red
pepper flakes as we like things SPICY. There wasn't any left, even my 4 year
old cleaned his plate! Goes perfect with either steamed or fried rice. Thanks
for a super easy, way yummy recipe!

fitforaqueenclothing.com

Rating: 4 stars

08/31/2005

I give this 4 and a half stars, but only because I didn't think up this recipe
first! It tastes very much like what you would get at the restaurant. I made
it twice, both were very good. I added one bag of stir fry veggies, the frozen
kind, just prepare in the microwave and drain well before adding to the
finished shrimp mixture. Could use fresh veggies as well, but I like the
frozen. I also tried crushing 2 of the cloves of garlic and adding them to the
sauce and using the remaining 2 cloves as recipe says, it gives the sauce a
more garlic flavor.Also be careful not to overcook the shrimp!

PureIce23

Rating: 5 stars

01/06/2009

It bothers me to no end when people give recipes less stars than it deserves
for dumb reasons like my kid doesn't like shrimp...then don't make a shrimp
recipe. But anyway.....this recipe is so deserving of all 5 stars. It is
healthy, flavorful and so easy. Wonderful recipe..it is now a staple in my
weekly menu.

ELIZRA

Rating: 5 stars

02/02/2008

Double the sauce and add a package of frozen broccoli that has been cooked and
drained.

Momof2

Rating: 5 stars

06/09/2008

This was very good. I did do this a little differently for fear of the shrimp
getting too rubbery from being over cooked. Cooked the shrimp first then added
the green onions and garlic to cook....then the sauce. Let it bubble away for
about 10 minutes and added the shrimp back for a minute or so just to reheat.
Also added fresh ginger instead of ground and just a little brown sugar to the
sauce. Delicious, thanks for the post.

Sandy Blue

Rating: 5 stars

02/02/2011

I did make a few changes, but this is really a great recipe. I used fresh
shrimp and broccoli. Next time I make this, I will double the sauce. I served
it over rice noodles. Rice will be good as well.

Panamá Marty

Rating: 5 stars

02/07/2008

Great! I would suggest adding a bit of some fresh sesame seeds. That little
special flavor and 'crunch' is wonderful. Thanks for sharing.

Michelle Roth-Kiva

Rating: 5 stars

02/19/2011

OMG! This was SO good! I am 100% pleasantly surprised. Another bonus? My
hubby's favorite style of Chinese cooking is Szechwan! I like shrimp, but most
often when I marinate or add sauce to them, I am left with BLAND shrimp (i.e.
the shrimp don't soak up any of the marinade / sauce). That certainly wasn't
the case here! This sauce is sooooo flavorful and it coats the shrimp nicely.
As many others suggested, I too doubled the sauce, but in retrospect, don't
think that was necessary. I had MORE than enough sauce to cover my 1 lb. bag
of shrimp (not wanting to waste the remaining 1/4 lb., I used the entire bag).
I do, however, think it's imperative to double or even triple the sauce if you
plan to add veggies (they will soak up a LOT of sauce). And, on that note....
Although unappealing at first (the sauce smells horrid when initially mixed),
the sauce ends up being the star here. :) Oh, and uncooked shrimp are NOT
necessary. It literally took just a couple minutes for my sauce to thicken,
barely enough time to turn my shrimp to "rubber." Serving over brown rice with
a side of steamed broccoli (to appease my broccoli hating hubby, I didn't add
it to the entree) made this OUTSTANDING. Fortune cookies and iced green tea
completed our meal. Thanks for sharing, FOODGU1! :-)

ladybuggs5224

Rating: 5 stars

12/14/2010

Really really good and I must say quite fast and easy to throw together. I did
double the sauce but other than than that kept it the same. =)

lydianuno

Rating: 4 stars

02/26/2015

this is a great start up recipe that you can very easily adjust to your
liking. I followed instructions exactly at first, minus the hot pepper flakes
since I have young kids. I also added colorful bell pepper chunks, tripled the
honey, and at the very last minute, added pineapple! my only recommendation is
to add your cooked shrimp last, after the sauce has thickened.

Nicole

Rating: 5 stars

11/19/2014

OMG, best shrimps ever! Solid reicpe, easy and quick, and out of the world
tasty!! Here are some tips from a Chinese girl if you want even more authentic
flavor: -Use 1.5-2 lbs raw shrimp(you can buy the peeled frozen shrimps with
tail on)! This alone will kick this dish up a couple notches since the raw
ones get more shrimp flavor in. -Use fresh ginger! -Triple the sauce, leave
out the starch till the end (only use 1 TBS of corn starch, dilute in about 2
TBS water), I also added about 1 TBS of rice vinegar, the sauce was
sooooooooooo yummy to eat with rice. Here is how I made it with the above
changes. Heat up about 2-3 TBS of grapeseed oil(shrimps are very low cal, so
don't feel bad for adding some oil here), cut up about at least 1 thumb size
of fresh ginger(first cut into match sticks, then cut into tiny bits), cut up
1-2 small bunch of green onions(white and light green part only). Fry them up
till fragrant, toss in the thawed and drained shrimps, fry for 1-2 minutes
over high heat, then pour in the tripled sauce, boil for 1-2 minutes, add the
starch solution, stir. Add salt. Done! Best ever shrimps hands down!!! gotta
try it.

EAKE

Rating: 4 stars

09/15/2009

Family liked this VERY much...doubling the sauce is a definate must...will
make again but will probably back off the ketchup a tad and up the soy sauce a
smidge...will also use fresh ginger...all in all, a good recipe to fine tune
to your own liking...thank you, FOODGU1

Peter

Rating: 5 stars

12/04/2010

My family loved this one. I added an extra teaspoon of ginger and less red
pepper as my family doesn't like spicy food that much. I also added some
vegetables: 8 oz of broccoli crowns 6 oz snow peas, sliced on the diagonal in
half 6 oz of carrot "chips" (slices of carrots)

Gia

Rating: 5 stars

12/28/2008

This was very, very good. I've used both shrimp and chicken breasts in this
recipe. I double the sauce, at the last minute I add fresh lo mein noodles &
toss with everything.

getvampd

Rating: 3 stars

01/25/2008

This was a decent recipe. It was missing something. Kind of watery and bland.
I doubled the recipe and followed it exactly. Next time I will do a 1/2 water
1/2 soy sauce mixture for the base, w/ red pepper powder & chili peppers.
Maybe even tomatoe paste instead of ketchup for richness. Also much better
with fresh shrimp as opposed to pre cooked.

GUYCHEF

Rating: 5 stars

01/16/2010

This is a very easy dish to make at the last minute. I have made this a half
dozen times and most of the time it’s a last minute decision. You DO NOT have
to spend big bucks on the shrimp to make this dish. I always keep a bag of
“Sam’s Club” cooked shrimp in the freezer for a quick meal and it works great
for this recipe. The shrimp are run under cold water for 5-10 minutes to thaw,
then peeled and ready for the pan. I recommend you quadruple the sauce! The
ingredients are cheap, the sauce is great and since my recommendation is to
since this over penne pasta, (or rice) more sauce is needed. In my view, the
recipe recommendation quantity of crushed red pepper results in a “medium to
mild” on my hot taste scale. I have doubled the pepper which results in a
“hot” rating and also have cut it in half for very mild when serving this to
young children. Be sure to decide where you want this to be on the “hot taste
scale” before you add the pepper. It’s a great recipe but if you don’t measure
carefully, you can easily make this too hot for some palates.

wasea

Rating: 5 stars

01/17/2011

Next time I will double the sauce, but there most definitely will be a next
time! So quick, easy, and delicious!

lovestohost

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

10/28/2008

This is awesome! We're not Chinese food eaters, so I can't compare to the
restaurant version, but this is awesome! I doubled the sauce and left out the
ginger (I knew that would make it too *Asian* for Mr. LTH). I also added more
garlic than called for. I added a bag of fresh stir fry veggies to the pan
when I added the shrimp (frozen pre-cooked, mostly thawed & de-tailed). I
served over brown rice. This is so simple, so quick, and so yummy it will def
become a regular at the LTH house...I'm already looking forward to the
leftovers for lunch tomorrow!!!! BTW-this made enough for dinner for both of
us and 1 leftover portion for lunch tomorrow. TY for a great recipe!

LuvsTo Bake

Rating: 5 stars

02/25/2006

This recipe is awesome, especially considering how fast and easy it is! I used
uncooked jumbo shrimp- just tossed them in the hot oil and garlic, along with
some sugar snap peas and water chestnuts. Stirred in the sauce as soon as the
shrimp was pink and opaque. I will probably make this once a week.

SheilaP1

Rating: 5 stars

02/07/2008

Loved this! Not only is it extremely tasty, it's extremely easy - two key
characteristics of a great recipe! One tip: use raw shrimp and sauté them
lightly before adding the sauce. They're much better and not as rubbery as
frozen cooked shrimp.

~TAYLOR~

Rating: 4 stars

08/11/2008

Very good. Doubled the sauce, used fresh ginger, added a splash of rice wine
vinegar and served with stir-fried broccoli over rice. Even the kiddo's loved
it. Thanks FOODGU1

Sophie

Rating: 5 stars

08/23/2013

This is by far the best stir fry I have ever made and it is now my go-to
recipe. I made some adjustments based on my pantry: I used raw shrimp, I
shaved fresh ginger (I keep one in the freezer at all times), and I replaced
the red chili flakes with a little squirt of siracha sauce because I don't
like really spicy food and it gave me the right heat. My husband cleaned his
plate and we discussed how awesome this would be as a beef marinade for the
grill.

rosejohanna

Rating: 5 stars

08/07/2008

This was delicious - just the right amount of heat. I doubled the sauce and
added a bag of frozen stir-fry vegetables with the shrimp.

Abbey

Rating: 2 stars

12/15/2010

It was ok. I have had way better at a restaurant, so I think that has ruined
this recipe for me. Otherwise I;m sure it's a dececnt one as far as price goes
etc.

Yummy 4 Tummy

Rating: 5 stars

08/08/2008

OH MY GOODNESS, this was fabulous! Never thought I could make chinese food
like PF Changs, but with this recipe it was possible! The flavor was perfect.
Added steamed brocolli & carrots. Didn't have precooked shrimp so I cooked the
shrimp in the oil and garlic before adding the sauce and vegetables. Served
over brown rice. Whenever I have chinese I have to make the "chinese
condiment" of spicy mustard, chile paste, & soy sauce for a little extra kick.
Tripled the recipe which was way too much. Doubling would be PLENTY. TRY THIS
RECIPE!

CRUISEM

Rating: 5 stars

12/02/2005

This recipe is fantastic!! NOT ketchupy at all. The sauce is very similar to
the sauce served at my favorite Hibachi restaurant!! It makes your whole house
smell awesome. My father and hubby went wild over this and can't wait until I
make it again. Two thumbs up!!

Renee Ridgeway

Rating: 3 stars

07/06/2007

The reason I'm giving this only 3 stars is because the ingredient amounts need
to be adjusted. The ketchup was really overpowering and dominated the flavor
of the dish; 2 teaspoons of honey was a tad too sweet; it wasn't nearly spicy
enough to be called szechwan and surprisingly, seemed to need even more red
pepper than half a teaspoon AND the amount of cornstarch was WAY off. I'd say
to cut it back by half if you don't want your sauce to turn to paste. I think
the idea of this recipe has potential, but far too much "tweaking" would be
required to get there from here. You'd have to just about re-write the entire
recipe to make it come out good.

Jennifer Sweet Newman

Rating: 5 stars

06/19/2008

Like the picture, I added broccoli florets at the same time the shrimp went
in. Also, I only had terriyaki marinade (no soy sauce) so I used that - it was
wonderful!!! I added a little lemon juice before service to give it a citrus
flavor and WOW!!! I could become addicted....

ssh

Rating: 5 stars

04/15/2009

This was delicious!!! My husband and I absolutely loved it! I used Thai sweet
chili sauce in place of the ketchup and doubled the sauce recipe, then I
served it over rice. I will definitely be making this again!

nancy

Rating: 4 stars

06/21/2011

This is good, but you should use uncooked shrimp(whether fresh or frozen).
Shrimp that is precooked and then cooked again is overcooked! Not very good.
And I keep fresh ginger in the freezer and then grate what I need-easy and
tastes fresh.

KERRIZ

Rating: 5 stars

06/19/2005

I have made this recipe twice and both times the shrimp was awesome and
everyone raved about it. The second time I added a little Chili Garlic Sauce
found in the Chinese section for some more heat, but this recipe is a total
WOW! And so easy too!

AmandaLynne

Rating: 5 stars

07/17/2011

Wonderful! The only changes I made were minor. I double the sauce, peel and
de-veined my own raw pink shrimp (cooked them up until they had a nice colors
then threw in the sauce), and lastly I added some pea pods in. None of
ingredients (besides a little fresh ginger as well as powdered) were changed
and it was the perfect amount of spice! Served over brown rice to keep the
calories low

HeatherM

Rating: 5 stars

02/07/2008

My husband and I love this recipe! We tend to add some extra red pepper and
serve over brown rice; we've made it with chicken (or a chicken/shrimp combo)
too....it's excellent!

Shanon K &hearts;

Rating: 5 stars

08/08/2011

This had a great flavor even without the green onion and ginger! I accidently
added too much pepper so it was HOT! YUMMMMM

Lisa

Rating: 5 stars

12/14/2011

I just can't believe how good this tastes for how easy it is! I did as some
other reviewers suggested and tripled the sauce portion, since I wanted to add
in some veggies (one bag frozen snap peas, one bag frozen stir-fry pepper
mix). It was PERFECT. Just the right amount of sauce! Since I had fresh
shrimp, I cooked them first and set them to the side before completing the
recipe as written. Amazing! I'll definitely be making this fairly often!

Tejay

Rating: 5 stars

02/05/2013

I just made this and it was awesome! I made made 3 changes. I added fresh
asparagus. I doubled the sauce and instead of water, I used chicken broth!!
Thanks to the poster of this recipe! I now have a new family favorite!

kc

Rating: 5 stars

09/10/2010

Great recipe! Easy! Fast! I don't rate a lot of recipes as 5 star but this
definitely is. I don't understand giving a lower rating because someone didn't
think of it themselves. The ginger comments are a personal preference. I
personally don't like fresh so the ground dry works better for me. I do agree
with doubling the sauce. Frozen shrimp work well....just make sure you don't
put them in for very long and overcook them. This is a real keeper. THANKS!

Bethanie Rose

Rating: 1 stars

02/12/2008

I made the sauce exactly as called for in the recipe and all I tasted was a
ketchup soy sauce flavor. Normally I find review averages on this site very
helpful, but I don't see it in this recipe. This ended up in the sink before
it had a chance to contaminate my shrimp.

poppy26

Rating: 5 stars

01/24/2006

This was great! Tasted very authentic. We added some stir fry veggies and that
was a nice addition. I also doubled the liquid ingredients as we like plenty
of sauce.

Chris Barrett

Rating: 5 stars

12/10/2008

Great! I made a few changes though. I doubled the sauce like everyone else
suggested, only I put it a little less ketchup and a little more soy sauce. I
also used Low Sodium soy sauce instead of the regular stuff. I also added
about 1/4 teaspoon of Honey to kick up the sweetness. It ended up being a
perfect balance between sweet and spicy. I tossed in some Broc/Corn/Red Pep
veggie mix for color and texture, and I served it over some instant Asian
Rice. The wife really liked it as well, so we will definitely make this again.
Remember to ease up on the ketchup a little bit if you are worried about the
ketchup taste coming out too much.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

06/22/2005

Delicious! I doubled the "sauce" amount because I wanted extra for the rice. I
wasn't sure the sauce would taste as good as it did, but it all came together
well in the pan. I steamed some vegetables, and it was a great meal!

melissa_dawn

Rating: 4 stars

07/21/2008

I followed this recipe almost exactly...with a few little changes. I used
fresh grated ginger instead of ground, and I also added some fresh sliced
carrots and broccoli to the mix. A little tip: saute the veg in a little olive
oil to soften them up before you throw them with the shrimp or else the shrimp
will get all rubbery. Because I added veg, I doubled the sauce recipe which I
found was sufficient. i dont like things too saucy. Also, I found this a
little spicy for my taste so if you're like me...you might want to ease back a
bit on the chili/ginger. I will DEFINITELY make this again. :)

Hailey's mommy

Rating: 5 stars

05/07/2008

Yummylious!! Actually taste good =)

simplelittlecheffie

Rating: 5 stars

05/06/2011

Delish recipe - thanks for sharing! Hubby loved it also but said it was kind
of hot. (well that was MY doing as I love it hot and doubled the crushed red
pepper!) Yumy, thanks again! Have more shrimp in the freezer - will be cooking
again soon!*Loving it! Cooking it Again* 5 Stars!!

TRAILINDAWG

Rating: 4 stars

12/28/2010

Very very easy. Good flavor. We served it over white rice and upped the red
pepper flakes for bit more kick. Definetly a DoAgain and Again !!

Marlena C

Rating: 2 stars

11/05/2008

I did not care for this at all, but the bf liked it, so it gets two stars. I
was wary of the ketchup and my fears were confirmed ... it tasted like a sauce
made with ketchup and was not good.

Marlena C

Rating: 2 stars

11/05/2008

I did not care for this at all, but the bf liked it, so it gets two stars. I
was wary of the ketchup and my fears were confirmed ... it tasted like a sauce
made with ketchup and was not good.

DREAMERSG04

Rating: 5 stars

07/23/2008

This tasted great and my husband raved. Next time, I'll definitely add more
veggies than this recipe calls for however. I added mushrooms & snow peas but
it still needed more. This is a wonderful dish though!

OHSUZANNA

Rating: 5 stars

03/06/2014

This is a lovely dish. So quick and so easy. I didn't change anything except
doubling the sauce. The beauty of this recipe is that it's so quick and easy
and uses simple ingredients you can have on hand any time. Fresh shrimp? Yes,
perhaps it would make it better, but, it would also add, not only to cooking
time, but to availability of ingredients. Frozen is already in your freezer,
fresh needs a trip to the store AND needs to be peeled and deveined. Some
people prefer fresh ginger, some, me included, prefer the powdered. As for the
hot pepper flakes.... the amount you use depends completely on the pepper
flakes you have. I've had some that had almost no heat, then again some that
burned the enamel off my teeth. KNOW YOUR PEPPER! And taste the sauce before
you add it. Add more if you need it. The basic recipe is what I gave 5 stars
for. I can add anything I want to that, and it won't change my rating. Thank
you for a great recipe. I'm going to try it with some cooked, frozen turkey
meat I have in the freezer. I have no doubt it will be fabulous.

C. Waite

Rating: 5 stars

02/20/2014

This was exceptional. The recipe as is, is perfect. But since I'm a saucy
person, I tripled the ingredients for this sauce. I also did this due to the
fact that I had added broccoli, zucchini, onion, and celery. One reviewer
suggested cutting back on the red chili flakes if anyone eating this doesn't
like hot. I agree. I'm guessing the average person wouldn't mind if you cut
back a teeny bit. It was just fine for my taste. Surprisingly, I'd have to
agree with those who said it was quick to prepare. For me that's usually not
the case, but this really was!

Julie

Rating: 1 stars

01/13/2010

I am surprised that is rated so highly, I really wasn't impressed, it just
tasted too much like the ketchup.

Sonya Baca

Rating: 5 stars

10/25/2013

Didn't realize that this said cooked shrimp, ended up using raw. I'd highly
suggest it that way. Ohh, man! This was absolutely delicious. I can't rave
enough. For such a simple recipe, I was shocked. Definitely throwing this into
my weekly rotation (or at LEAST once a month) as I have most everything in my
pantry. I used ground ginger instead of the reviewers suggestion to use fresh
and it was fabulous. I would highly recommend doubling the sauce per Tony's
review, as is is not near enough. Awesome recipe. Husband approved.

Jan Raymondi

Rating: 5 stars

08/29/2011

Excellent. I doubled the sauce but not the ketchup. I only used 1/4tsp red
pepper flakes & didn't double that. It had just enough kick to it w/o going
overboard. If you're looking to make it healthy, just omit the rice. It was
delicious with out - just make some fresh veggies on the side.

JUSTJACKIE

Rating: 4 stars

07/01/2005

Yummy. I bet this sauce would work equally well with chicken or pork.

Bretany W. Pilko

Rating: 4 stars

02/10/2008

This was good - and the only reason I gave it four stars was because I tripled
the sauce recipe and it was so spicy! I was sweating - but I loved it. My
husband loved it and said 'Now this is GOOD!" So - if you triple the
sauce...maybe don't triple the crushed red pepper. I will definitely make this
again. And since we love spice...probably exactly like this. We both drank 3
pints of water each during this meal. :) **Second Review - I made this again
and it was so good. I tripled the sauce recipe and there was a ton of thick
bubbly sauce. I served it over rice and I wish I had made more rice to help
sop up the sauce. Nice and spicy - not as bad as last time though because I
only doubled the crushed red pepper. :)

Ricardo

Rating: 1 stars

01/11/2010

Sorry but this recipe did not do it for me. I live in the Northeast and we
have awesome chinese food. This was like no Szechwan Shrimp I have ever
tasted. Hate to leave a negative review but try this one at your own risk.
Sorry:-(

BKBARONS

Rating: 1 stars

08/05/2009

Not a fan. I thought it was really pretty tasteless, aside from the red pepper
flakes. Luckily I added enough of those to convince my tastebuds that i wasnt
eating cotton. For all the different ingredients in the sauce, I would have
thought there would be a strong flavor to it, but I tasted nothing. Will not
make it again.

xaeniac

Rating: 5 stars

02/07/2008

My wife and I love this recipe. It's a long time favorite. Also add broccoli
mushrooms and double the red pepper flakes.

Susie Littlewood

Rating: 4 stars

12/29/2010

Solid 4 1/2 stars for a quick and tasty shrimp dinner. I usually double the
sauce to have extra to serve on the rice.

AZ93

Rating: 4 stars

11/12/2012

This recipe won't change my life, but was good. Didn't have honey so used
brown sugar and my green onions had gone bad (thank you walmart) after 2 days
so I did without. I quadrupled everything but only tripled the ketchup and
ginger. Still a little bit ketchup-y, but not bad for how cheap and easy this
is. I only doubled the crushed red pepper because we don't like too much heat.
I made this recipe for two. Added peppers and zucchini over white rice and
there was quite a bit of sauce left over (with a lot of liquid on the plate).
I will make this again, with maybe a few tweaks.

robinjay

Rating: 5 stars

01/19/2014

Tripled everything so as to add a bag of frozen mixed stir-fry veggies to a lb
or so of medium frozen pre-cooked shrimp. Used: chili sauce instead of ketchup
since I had it; about 2 tsp grated frozen ginger; sesame seed oil; and a whole
head of garlic (12 cloves.) Would've done the fresh chopped broccoli and
slivered carrots instead of frozen vegs, but am making broccoli-cheese soup
later this week. Made this a day ahead and just put it all in a glass jar,
(oil, uncooked garlic and onions too) shook it well and fridged it. To finish,
heated sauce with veggies till thickened, then added thawed shrimp just till
heated through. Served over jasmati rice cooked in chicken broth instead of
water. 5 stars = good enough to pass on to the daughter! :)

CaseyC

Rating: 5 stars

01/15/2018

Very tasty recipe. I recommend using fresh shrimp to soak up the flavor more.

JoJo

Rating: 4 stars

08/07/2008

This was very good. I took the advice of a few others, and I tripled the
liquid/sauce mix. I'm glad I did, because it was necessary (this was the only
reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5). I also added a small amount of
broccoli florets, baby carrots, and tofu just to give it a little more variety
and color. The amount of red pepper flakes that the recipe called for is the
perfect amount. I wouldn't change that a bit. It had just enough kick to be
spicy, but not too much to be overwhelming. I will definitely make this again.
:)

Brenda

Rating: 5 stars

12/03/2011

This is really good! Definitely double the sauce if you're using over rice.
Adding some small cut fresh broccoli is a nice addition.

hixercise

Rating: 4 stars

11/16/2013

Easy and smells fantastic while cooking! Substituted 1 tsp. minced fresh
ginger for ground and threw that ginger in with the garlic and onions. My
daughter wants to try this sauce with chicken now...

Jaja's daughter

Rating: 5 stars

08/11/2011

I thought this was very good for as simple a recipe that it was.

Ellen

Rating: 5 stars

02/07/2008

Excellent! The only thing I did different was to double the sauce. Everyone
loved it and it was very easy to make!

breezermom

Rating: 3 stars

02/26/2008

I chose this recipe to use up some shrimp I had on hand. I was inspired by the
reviews, and thought I'd give the recipe a shot. I guadrupled the sauce, as
suggested in earlier reviews, doubled the garlic and ginger. I also added some
vegetables. My shrimp was raw, and I cooked it 2-3 minutes before adding the
sauce. I think the sauce has too much ketchup. Something about the sauce was a
little off. Another reviewer mentioned that it tasted like a frozen Green
Giant ready-meal. I think so too. To me, this tasted like something that came
out of a bag. I ate it, but I'm not looking forward to having to eat the
leftovers. Sorry!

Courtney

Rating: 5 stars

11/28/2011

This was great, easy, and quick. I tripled the sauce for a pound of shrimp,
but probably could have just doubled it. Also, next time I would add the
shrimp last because I used precooked shrimp and it was a little overcooked by
the time the sauce got thick. Served over minute rice for a quick healthy and
delicious meal.

LIZCANCOOK

Rating: 5 stars

06/26/2005

Excellent recipe FOODGU1! Don't be scared away by the ketchup... this sauce is
fantastic! And so quick -- it was ready before the broccoli side finished
steaming in the microwave! Next time I'll double the sauce.

KJ

Rating: 1 stars

04/09/2010

This reminded me of something that McDonald's would come up with and call it
"stir fry". I followed the recipe to a T, and when I tried it, I couldn't get
the ketchup-y taste out of my mouth. Needless to say, I'll definitely not make
this ever again.

Lisa D

Rating: 5 stars

01/08/2011

This was excellent and easy and quick. I tripled the sauce and it was perfect!

jjf112

Rating: 5 stars

12/06/2013

Quadrupled the sauce.. added mushrooms and (cooked) broccoli and it was great!

AUSSIEAMERICAN

Rating: 4 stars

08/19/2008

This really is better than restaurant quality! My only advice, it needs a
vegetable. I added snow peas and next time maybe I'll try brocoli, but it does
need something other than onions and shrimp. Great recipe!

Paul Clark

Rating: 5 stars

08/13/2017

Wow, easy and very flavorful! I used raw shrimp though, I don't see any reason
not to, as they cook so quickly anyway.

mboden

Rating: 3 stars

10/22/2010

I followed recipe exactly. These were just OK. They were very spicy (And I
like spicy things) and not that tasty. I will not be making again.

KTDM1099

Rating: 4 stars

10/25/2005

This was pretty good. It was simple and easy but it seemed like it was missing
a little something. It was still good and worth making again though. Thanks
for the recipe!!!

Deb St Marie

Rating: 4 stars

08/07/2008

This was a great starter recipe. I doubled the sacue. I added diagonal sliced
carrots and more green onion than stated. For the sauce I added Red Chili
Pepper blend I had in the fridge. ( I comes in tubes in the produce area) It
added a nice flavor to the dish. I also added more Red pepper flakes than
called for as we like it hot. This was good and we will make it again. I added
a little more honey becaue the sweet hot thing really works.

Elizabeth

Rating: 5 stars

08/08/2008

Made this last night. Same recipe and added a little thin sliced red bell
peppers.. to it as well,.. I thought it was very good, easy preperation, and
full of flavor. My family was impressed as well! Will make it again and serve
over white rice.

Jaime

Rating: 4 stars

03/11/2006

Eureka! I found the "what's missing" for my family. The sauce is a lot like
sweet and sour, but no sour. I doubled the sauce as recommended (triple it
even, it won't be too much!) and added 2 tbsp. of lemon juice just before
serving. Mmmm. Really helped!

SSK

Rating: 5 stars

11/12/2008

So easy to make, and my husband and I loved it! I doubled the sauce recipe
(but left ginger amount the same) which is a must, and also added about 1/8
cup of chili garlic sauce to the sauce. It had a great kick. Used uncooked
shrimp, and cooked it in the sauce. Delicious, thanks!

Tammi

Rating: 5 stars

01/20/2012

This was awesome. I am glad I trusted the reviews. I used raw jumbo shrimp and
left out the red pepper flakes, we don't like too much spice. After a two
minutes in the pan I added fresh brocoli. This cooked beautifully.

scooby43215

Rating: 4 stars

08/16/2008

Pretty good dish. Very flavorful and one can adjust flavors depending on
taste.

cynjne

Rating: 4 stars

12/14/2007

I liked this very much. It didn't look or taste very promising just going by
the made up sauce ingredients. The garlic and onion really rounded out the
flavour. Be sure to double the sauce. I did not completely double the red
pepper flakes-used a scant 3/4 tsp-. The spice level was tastable but not
burning. My 12yr. old son had chosen to have spagetti instead of this for his
dinner but I found him over the fry pan with a fork, eating the shrimp with a
grin on his face. This was extreemly fast to put together. I served over rice,
squeezed with a little lime juice and sprinkled very lightly with salt. Thank
so much.

Liza

Rating: 2 stars

08/26/2014

Didn't like it at all. Too much ketchup up taste. Not much zing. It needs
something.

CINDEES

Rating: 5 stars

09/25/2009

I enjoyed this recipes a lot. It was simple, and I had all the ingredients in
my house, I didn't have to go make a special shopping trip, and the taste was
excellent! Even my picky husband enjoyed it and said it was a recipe we could
keep. I doubled the recipe like everyone said because I added extra veggies,
broccoli, red pepper, green pepper and mushrooms. The only change I made to
the sauce was instead of using water, I used reduced sodium chicken broth for
a bit of an added flavour. Very yummy! Would love to try this with chinese
noodles. Definatly a keeper. Thanks for sharing!

Sarah Waltrip

Rating: 1 stars

01/07/2010

This is gross. I took the advice of others and doubled the sauce- big mistake.
The sauce is grossed and drowned all the other flavors. I added broccoli and
bamboo shoots and ultimately tossed this stuff in the trash.

CaseyMac

Rating: 3 stars

11/09/2005

I ended up making a very large serving of this dish so the taste may have been
altered slightly. Yet I found the dish to be really tasty. There was quite a
kick of spice that lingered after the initial bite. I added more garlic to the
dish and I think it added a really good flavor. I also added onion, green
pepper and mushrooms and lobster pieces. Very good. I would definately do
again but make for a smaller group.

Randy

Rating: 1 stars

01/08/2011

After making it, I'm surprised that the recipe was rated so high. I doubled
the sauce ingredients and was looking forward to a great Szechwan flavor that
was not to be found. Also don't understand those that talk about the heat, for
me there was no heat!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

06/28/2005

Extremely tasty! Even my picky fiance ate it! I will make this again for sure!

xTrishy

Rating: 4 stars

04/02/2011

Loved the sweet, yet spicy taste! Everything goes great together! Thanks so
much.

Joelsjen

Rating: 4 stars

10/21/2005

I made this for my husband's bithday dinner. He was concerned that I would be
in the kitchen and not able to spend time with the family. So we both wanted
something quick and easy. This was both! I doubled the recipe. My husband and
children love shrimp and they all really enjoyed this sauce. I avoided the
shrimp and ate just sauce over rice - very good! I think I will try it with
chicken sometime. You could not tell this had ketchup in it! I did not put in
much red pepper, fearing it would be too hot for the children- still
delicious. THANKS!

Umma Threads

Rating: 4 stars

09/03/2014

If I could have had thirds, I would have definitely done so, instead I had to
settle for seconds. I agree fresh shrimp would have been better, but this was
a quick and easy meal. I increased the sauce and added green peppers, onions
and peas. My very picky eater actually polished off the dish - the reason I
didn't have thirds. It was a pleasant surprise and a dish I will make again.

Helen

Rating: 4 stars

03/28/2010

This was good - I used raw shrimp and sauteed it as suggested by another
reviewer, and then aded the sauce - which I tripled. My husband really liked
it - but I thought the ketchup taste was a bit too apparent - could have been
the tripling:>). Will definitely make again - with less ketchup. Easy and low
calorie too.

SunshinEquine

Rating: 5 stars

05/25/2009

This was really really good!!!! last minute and I needed something to do with
shrimp and this was super easy!! I cooked some ramen noodles on the side and
and put the shrimp and sauce on top . I also used about 1/4 tsp of cayenne
pepper in place of the red pepper and sweet onion. really delicious!!

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Szechwan Shrimp

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Szechwan Shrimp

##  All Reviews for Szechwan Shrimp

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Szechwan Shrimp

Servings Per Recipe: 4  
Calories: 141.6  

% Daily Value *

protein:  18.3g  37 %

carbohydrates:  6.7g  2 %

dietary fiber:  0.4g  2 %

sugars:  3.5g

fat:  4.4g  7 %

saturated fat:  0.8g  4 %

cholesterol:  163.8mg  55 %

vitamin a iu:  475.5IU  10 %

niacin equivalents:  2.6mg  20 %

vitamin b6:  0.2mg  11 %

vitamin c:  5.4mg  9 %

folate:  9mcg  2 %

calcium:  46.3mg  5 %

iron:  2.9mg  16 %

magnesium:  34.8mg  12 %

potassium:  230.5mg  7 %

sodium:  499.5mg  20 %

calories from fat:  39.9

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Szechwan Shrimp

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 2344

Szechwan Shrimp

1 of 317 Szechwan Shrimp

Rachel Allen

Szechwan Shrimp

2 of 317 Szechwan Shrimp

Donna

Szechwan Shrimp

3 of 317 Szechwan Shrimp

Meg

Szechwan Shrimp

4 of 317 Szechwan Shrimp

Jonathan Blackmore

Szechwan Shrimp

5 of 317 Szechwan Shrimp

Kimberly Bastien

Szechwan Shrimp

6 of 317 Szechwan Shrimp

Renee Spence

Szechwan Shrimp

7 of 317 Szechwan Shrimp

rainbowunicorn

Szechwan Shrimp

8 of 317 Szechwan Shrimp

Cooking Mama

Szechwan Shrimp

9 of 317 Szechwan Shrimp

Andrew Fehlman

Szechwan Shrimp

10 of 317 Szechwan Shrimp

Eddie

Szechwan Shrimp

11 of 317 Szechwan Shrimp

Elizabeth Haygood

Szechwan Shrimp

12 of 317 Szechwan Shrimp

allimommy

Szechwan Shrimp

13 of 317 Szechwan Shrimp

Abisola Queen

Szechwan Shrimp

14 of 317 Szechwan Shrimp

carmicjam

Szechwan Shrimp

15 of 317 Szechwan Shrimp

Alison

Szechwan Shrimp

16 of 317 Szechwan Shrimp

james B. Pinkard

Szechwan Shrimp

17 of 317 Szechwan Shrimp

Hayden

Szechwan Shrimp

18 of 317 Szechwan Shrimp

Baker-Wanna-B

Szechwan Shrimp

19 of 317 Szechwan Shrimp

Cesar Garcia

Szechwan Shrimp

20 of 317 Szechwan Shrimp

Marica Gordon

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Szechwan Shrimp to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Szechwan Shrimp

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

