https://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/szechuan-shrimp


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Recipes & Cooking
  * Drinks
  * Travel
  * Holidays + Events
  * News
  * F&W; Classic
  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Subscribe  Subscribe

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore Food & Wine

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * F&W Cooks

####  F&W; Cooks

Food and Wine presents a new network of food pros delivering the most cookable
recipes and delicious ideas online.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

####  Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

Looking to amp up your beef stew but unsure where to start? A slow cooker can
can take your comfort food to the next level.  Read More

    * 50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

####  50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

We’ve assembled a list of 50 of the world’s most reliable, inexpensive wines –
bottles that offer amazing quality for their price year in and year out.  Read
More

  * Recipes & Cooking

### Recipes & Cooking

See All Recipes & Cooking

    * Chicken
    * Comfort Food
    * Breakfast + Brunch
    * Salads
    * Desserts
    * Vegetables
    * Pasta + Noodles
    * Chefs
    * Meat + Poultry
    * Soup
    * Appetizers
    * Side Dishes
    * Fruits
    * Seafood
    * Special Diets
    * Cooking Techniques
    * Steal This Trick

  * Drinks

### Drinks

See All Drinks

    * Wine
    * Spirits
    * Coffee
    * Juices
    * Beer
    * Champagne + Sparkling Wine
    * Tea

  * Travel

### Travel

See All Travel

    * Wine Regions
    * Restaurants

  * Holidays + Events

### Holidays + Events

See All Holidays + Events

    * Valentine's Day
    * Halloween
    * Passover
    * Hanukkah
    * Christmas
    * Gifts
    * Super Bowl
    * Easter
    * Thanksgiving
    * New Year's Eve
    * Holiday Entertaining

  * News
  * F&W; Classic

### F&W; Classic

See All F&W; Classic

    * F&W; Classic Insider
    * Food & Wine Classic in Aspen

  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Subscribe  this link opens in a new tab

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Szechuan Shrimp

# Szechuan Shrimp

Rating: 5 stars

2678 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 2676 
  * 4 star values: 0 
  * 3 star values: 0 
  * 2 star values: 1 
  * 1 star values: 1 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 2,678 Ratings 
  * 1 Review 

Traditional Szechuan dishes are often quite spicy, but we've given this recipe
only a slight dose of heat. If your taste runs to the incendiary, make yours
hotter by adding more red-pepper flakes. **Amazing Seafood Recipes**

By Food & Wine

April 2014

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Szechuan Shrimp

Credit: (C) Melanie Acevedo

## Recipe Summary

Yield:

4

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1/2 cup canned low-sodium chicken broth or homemade stock 
  * 3 tablespoons ketchup 
  * 1 1/2 tablespoons soy sauce 
  * 1 tablespoon oyster sauce 
  * 1/4 teaspoon salt 
  * 3 tablespoons sherry 
  * 2 red bell peppers, cut into 3/4-inch pieces 
  * 1 1/4 cups long-grain rice 
  * 1 1/2 pounds medium shrimp, shelled 
  * 1/2 teaspoon cornstarch 
  * 3 tablespoons cooking oil 
  * 3 cloves garlic, minced 
  * 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger 
  * 2 scallions, white part chopped, green tops sliced 
  * 1/2 teaspoon dried red-pepper flakes 
  * 1/2 teaspoon Asian sesame oil 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

In a small bowl, combine the chicken broth, ketchup, soy sauce, oyster sauce,
salt, and 1 tablespoon of the sherry. Heat a wok or large frying pan over
moderately high heat until very hot. Add the bell peppers and stir-fry until
starting to blacken, about 5 minutes. Remove.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Bring a medium pot of salted water to a boil. Stir in the rice and boil until
just done, about 10 minutes. Drain.

  * Step 3

Meanwhile, toss the shrimp with the remaining 2 tablespoons sherry and the
cornstarch. Heat 1 1/2 tablespoons of the oil in the wok or frying pan over
moderately high heat. Add the shrimp and stir-fry until just done, 3 to 4
minutes. Remove the shrimp and add the remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons oil. Reduce
the heat to moderate and add the charred bell peppers, the garlic, ginger, the
chopped scallions, and the red-pepper flakes. Cook, stirring, until soft,
about 3 minutes.

  * Step 4

Increase the heat to high. Add the broth mixture and boil until thickened,
about 2 minutes. Add the shrimp and sliced scallions and just heat through.
Drizzle the sesame oil over the top. Serve the shrimp with the rice.

##  Suggested Pairing

A German Riesling will be a knockout here. If you're keeping the heat subdued,
a Pfalz Kabinett will work fine. If you increase the pepper, go to a sweeter
Spatlese or even an Auslese.

Advertisement

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews (1)

Add Rating & Review

Sort by:  Newest

Newest Oldest

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 2 stars

07/02/2022

This recipe lacks flavor. Definitely needs more salt. Surprised that it
doesn’t call for pepper as that would have added a much needed kick. Going to
remake this and add those things along with crushed peanuts and some kind of
citrus element, possibly orange peels. Also add onion as bell pepper alone
doesn’t add any flavor.

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Szechuan Shrimp

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Szechuan Shrimp

##  All Reviews for Szechuan Shrimp

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Food & Wine

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Books from Food & Wine
  * Contact Us
  * Advertise
  * Content Licensing
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithFood & Wine is part of the Meredith Corporation Allrecipes Food Group.
(C) Copyright 2022 Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Privacy
Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in a new
tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis link
opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Food & Wine. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.foodandwine.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Szechuan Shrimp

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

