https://www.chilipeppermadness.com/recipes/szechuan-shrimp/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  *     * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * Twitter
    * YouTube

  * About
  * Cookbooks
  * Shop
  * Search

  * Recipe Index
  * RECIPES BY TYPE
    * BBQ/Grilled
    * Burgers
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chili
    * Curry
    * Dehydrator
    * Game Day
    * Hot Sauces
    * Jalapeno Poppers
    * Marinades
    * Pickling
    * Preserving
    * Quick and Easy
    * Salsas
    * Sauces
    * Seasonings
    * Stuffed Peppers
    * Tacos
  * COOKING TIPS
  * Pepper Info
    * Chili Pepper Types
    * The Scoville Scale
    * Hottest Peppers in the World
    * Growing Chili Peppers
    * Preserving
    * Health Benefits
    * Frequently Asked Questions
    * Buy Plants & Seeds

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * Recipe Index
  * All Recipes
  * Pepper Info
  * Chili Pepper Types
  * The Scoville Scale
  * Growing Chili Peppers
  * Preserving
  * Chili Pepper Health Benefits
  * Frequently Asked Questions
  * Cooking Tips
  * Cookbooks
  * Shop
  * About Us

×

Home » Szechuan Shrimp

# Szechuan Shrimp

by Mike Hultquist · Aug 23, 2021 · 4 Comments

Jump to Recipe

  *   *   *   *   * 

_This Szechuan shrimp recipe is easy to make and perfect for the spicy food
lover with crispy shrimp and vegetables tossed in a vibrant Szechuan sauce._

Spicy shrimp lovers! We're cooking up spicy **Szechuan Shrimp** tonight, and
you're going to love it. Szechuan shrimp is ideal for cooks in a hurry, who
want something easy yet satisfying on the table fast.

Shrimp always cooks up quickly. You can whip the Szechuan sauce together from
easy pantry ingredients and have this particular dish done in 20 minutes or
less, 15 minutes if you're not slow like me, including prep time!

That's a winner for me. No need to order from the Chinese restaurant across
town. This is the recipe you need.

**Let's talk about how we make Szechuan shrimp, shall we?**

## Szechuan Shrimp Ingredients

  * **FOR THE SZECHUAN SHRIMP**
  * Shrimp.
  * Soy Sauce.
  * Salt and Pepper.
  * Corn Starch.
  * Sesame Oil.
  * Vegetables. Bell pepper, jalapeno pepper, snap peas. You can use others, and hotter chili peppers if you'd like.
  * Szechuan peppercorns. 
  * Peanuts.
  * **FOR THE SZECHUAN SAUCE**
  * Soy sauce.
  * Rice vinegar.
  * Sesame oil.
  * Ginger.
  * Honey.
  * Chili garlic sauce.
  * Garlic.
  * Sriracha.
  * Red pepper flakes.
  * Chicken stock.
  * Corn starch.
  * Szechuan peppercorns.
  * Chinese 5 spice.
  * **FOR SERVING.** Cooked white rice or noodles if desired, spicy chili flakes. Green onions are good, too.

## How to Make Szechuan Shrimp - the Recipe Method

**Marinate the Shrimp.** Add the shrimp to a large bowl. Add soy sauce, salt
and pepper and toss to coat. Marinate for 10 minutes.

**FOR THE HOMEMADE SZECHUAN SAUCE**

While the shrimp is marinating, **whisk all of the ingredients** except the
cornstarch together in a small pot. Bring the pot to a boil, then reduce the
heat and simmer for 3 minutes.

**To thicken the sauce,** dissolve 1 tablespoon cornstarch in 2 tablespoons of
water until well mixed. Stir it into the szechuan sauce and stir until it
thickens up, 2-3 minutes. For thicker szechuan sauce, use 2 tablespoons
cornstarch. Remove from heat and set aside.

**FOR THE SZECHUAN SHRIMP**

**Cook the Shrimp.** Heat the oil in a large wok or large pan to medium heat.
Toss the shrimp with 1/2 cup corn starch to coat. Add it to the pan and cook,
stirring, 3-4 minutes, or until it is cooked through. Remove the shrimp and
set it aside.

**Cook the Vegetables.** Heat the pan back to medium-high heat and add the
peppers. Stir fry for 5 minutes to soften. Add the snap peas, peppercorns and
chopped peanuts and cook another 2 minutes, stirring.

**Warm it Through.** Return the shrimp to the pan along with the homemade
Szechuan sauce. Reduce the heat and simmer for 2-3 minutes to warm through.

**Serve the Szechuan Shrimp.** Serve with rice or noodles. Garnish with extra
chopped peanuts and spicy chili flakes.

**Boom! Done!** Your Szechuan shrimp is ready to serve! Looks wonderful,
doesn't it? Very quick and easy to make, and easy to make as spicy as you'd
like. Spice it up, my friends!

## Recipe Tips & Notes

  * **The Vegetables.** You can include other vegetables of choice for this recipe. Consider broccoli, other chili peppers, cauliflower, asparagus, bok choy or other greens, scallions, so many choices. Go with your favorites for this stir fry.
  * **The Heat Factor.** I always include a range of chili peppers for heat and flavor, including mild bell peppers and jalapeno peppers for a low level heat. You can easily use spicier peppers, like serrano peppers and chile de arbol peppers. Use any to your preferred heat level.
  * **The Szechuan Sauce.** Make the Szechuan sauce ahead of time, the night before or even up to a week, to save a bit of time. Just keep it in the refrigerator, covered, until you need it. You can easily adjust it to your own heat and taste preferences. See my Homemade Szechuan Sauce Recipe.

**That's it, my friends.** I hope you enjoy this Szechuan shrimp recipe. I'd
love to hear how it turned out for you. if you make it, and how you made it
your own. Keep it spicy!

## Cookbook Recommendation

If you enjoy cooking Chinese and Asian cuisine, I recommend these cookbooks.
I'm learning a great deal from them. The first is much more comprehensive.

  * The Food of Sichuan, by Fuchsia Dunlop (affiliate link, my friends!)
  * 101 Asian Dishes You Need to Cook Before You Die: Discover a New World of Flavors in Authentic Recipes \- by Chef Jet Tila (affiliate link, my friends!)

## Try Some of My Other Popular Chinese Recipes

  * Szechuan Chicken
  * General Tso's Chicken
  * Cashew Chicken
  * Dragon Chicken
  * Sweet & Spicy Teriyaki Chicken
  * Kung Pao Chicken
  * Bourbon Chicken

## Try Some of My Other Popular Shrimp Recipes

  * Spicy Shrimp Stir Fry
  * Indonesian Spicy Shrimp (Udang Balado)
  * Firecracker Shrimp
  * Blackened Shrimp
  * Shrimp Creole
  * Spicy Cajun Shrimp
  * Camarones a la Diabla (Diablo Shrimp)

**Got any questions? Ask away!** I'm happy to help. If you enjoy this recipe,
I hope you'll leave a comment with some STARS. Also, please share it on social
media. Don't forget to tag us at #ChiliPepperMadness. I'll be sure to share!
Thanks! -- Mike H.

Print

## Szechuan Shrimp Recipe

This Szechuan shrimp recipe is easy to make and perfect for the spicy food
lover with crispy shrimp and vegetables tossed in a vibrant Szechuan sauce.

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: American, Chinese

Keyword: shrimp, Sichuan, Stir Fry, szechuan

Prep Time: 10 minutes

Cook Time: 10 minutes

Calories: 383kcal

Author: Mike Hultquist

Servings: 4

**Tap or hover to scale**

Leave a Review

### Ingredients

#### FOR THE SZECHUAN SHRIMP

  * 1 pound shrimp peeled and deveined
  * 1/4 cup soy sauce
  * Salt and pepper to taste
  * 1/2 cup corn starch
  * 1 tablespoon sesame oil or use olive oil
  * 1 large bell pepper chopped
  * 2 jalapeno peppers chopped (Optional for extra spicy! Use jalapenos for medium heat.)
  * 1 cup Snap peas
  * 1 tablespoon Szechuan peppercorns or use black peppercorns
  * 1/4 cup peanuts chopped (plus more for garnish - cashews are great here, too!)

#### FOR THE SZECHUAN SAUCE

  * 1/4 soy sauce
  * 2 tablespoons rice vinegar
  * 1 tablespoon sesame oil
  * 1 tablespoon ground ginger fresh minced ginger is good too
  * 1 tablespoon honey or more for sweeter
  * 1 tablespoon chili garlic sauce
  * 1 teaspoon garlic powder fresh minced garlic is good too
  * 1 teaspoon sriracha or more to taste
  * 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes
  * 1/2 cup chicken stock
  * 1-2 tablespoons cornstarch for thickening
  * 1/2 - 1 teaspoon Szechuan peppercorns lightly toasted and ground or use black peppercorns instead
  * 1/2 - 1 teaspoon Chinese 5 spice

#### FOR SERVING

  * Cooked white rice or noodles spicy chili flakes

### Instructions

  * Add the shrimp to a large bowl. Add soy sauce, salt and pepper and toss to coat. Marinate for 10 minutes.

#### FOR THE HOMEMADE SZECHUAN SAUCE

  * While the shrimp is marinating, whisk all of the ingredients except the cornstarch together in a small pot.

  * Bring the pot to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer for 3 minutes.

  * To thicken the sauce, dissolve 1 tablespoon cornstarch in 2 tablespoons of water until well mixed. Stir it into the szechuan sauce and stir until it thickens up, 2-3 minutes. For thicker szechuan sauce, use 2 tablespoons cornstarch. Remove from heat and set aside.

#### FOR THE SZECHUAN SHRIMP

  * Heat the oil in a large pan to medium heat.

  * Toss the shrimp with 1/2 cup corn starch to coat. Add it to the pan and cook, stirring, 3-4 minutes, or until it is cooked through. Remove the shrimp and set it aside.

  * Heat the pan back to medium-high heat and add the peppers. Cook for 5 minutes to soften.

  * Add the snap peas, peppercorns and chopped peanuts and cook another 2 minutes, stirring.

  * Add the shrimp back to the pan along with the homemade Szechuan sauce. Reduce the heat and simmer for 2-3 minutes to warm through.

  * Serve with rice or noodles. Garnish with extra chopped peanuts and spicy chili flakes.

### Notes

Nutritional information estimated without rice.

### Nutrition Information

Calories: 383kcal   Carbohydrates: 34g   Protein: 30g   Fat: 14g   Saturated
Fat: 2g   Polyunsaturated Fat: 6g   Monounsaturated Fat: 5g   Cholesterol:
287mg   Sodium: 1989mg   Potassium: 467mg   Fiber: 4g   Sugar: 8g   Vitamin A:
1452IU   Vitamin C: 67mg   Calcium: 224mg   Iron: 5mg

Did You Enjoy This Recipe?I love hearing how you like it and how you made it
your own. Leave a comment below and tag @ChiliPepperMadness on social media.

  *   *   *   *   * 

Categories: Asian Tags: Chili Pepper Madness, chili pepper recipe, Chinese,
lighter fare and low calorie, Sichuan, Szechuan

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

  1. Koko says

August 24, 2021 at 3:52 pm

Hello, Your dish looks better than mine. I make spicy dishes every day
including this one but mine does not come out red like yours. What's the
secret?

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

August 24, 2021 at 5:32 pm

A lot of practice, Koko! Haha. Food styling and photography. At home, really
it's all about a nice simple garnish, in my opinion. =)

Reply

  2. Geraldine says

August 23, 2021 at 1:46 pm

Hi Mike. Once again it looks amazing. My problem is Szechuan peppercorns. I
live in Ireland and can't seem n to find them.

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

August 23, 2021 at 2:19 pm

Thanks, Geraldine. I'm sure it can be a challenge. Not sure if you are able to
order online, or acquire ground Szechuan peppercorns. You can skip them and
use black peppercorns instead. It will still be very good that way, but you'll
be missing that bit of "tongue numbing" element that comes from the Szechuan
peppercorns. Still delicious, though!

Reply

## Primary Sidebar

**ALL. SPICY. RECIPES.** Hi, I’m Mike and I LOVE Spicy Food! Say goodbye to
bland and boring food with my easy-to-follow recipes. Let’s get cooking!

More about me →

Mexican

Cajun

Sauces

Seasonings

### 5 ESSENTIALS FOR SPICY COOKING

Subscribe and receive my FREE email series with tips for spicy cooking and new
Recipes

**AMAZON / BARNES & NOBLE / ** **INDIEBOUND  ** **/  BOOKS A MILLION**

**AMAZON / BARNES & NOBLE / INDIEBOUND**

### Most Popular Recipes

  * Bang Bang Chicken

  * Creamy Fish Taco Sauce

  * Mexican Birria Recipe

  * Homemade Blackening Seasoning

  * Michelada Recipe - Spicy Mexican Beer and Tomato Juice Cocktail

  * Pollo Guisado Recipe (Chicken Stew)

## Footer

## NEVER MISS A RECIPE

Receive my "5 Essentials for Spicy Cooking" email series & new recipes

Search

  *   *   *   *   * 

↑ back to top

About | Contact | Travel-Food | Stories | Privacy | Disclaimer | © 2022 Chili
Pepper Madness

EXCLUSIVE MEMBER OF MEDIAVINE FOOD

