https://www.whiskaffair.com/chinese-vegetable-hakka-noodles/


﻿

  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * Indian Recipes
  * Meal Type
    * Salads
    * Soups
    * Appetizers
    * Main Course
    * Desserts
  * My Cookbook
  * Subscribe
  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * Indian Recipes
  * My Cookbook

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

×

Whisk Affair » Recipes » International » Chinese » Hakka Noodles

Published: Oct 9, 2020 | Last Updated On: Oct 9, 2020 by Neha Mathur

# Hakka Noodles

18022 shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe

Hakka Noodles are easy and delicious wok-tossed noodles. Thin noodles are
tossed with veggies and sauces on high flame to make this Indo Chinese
delicacy. Serve it with Veg Manchurian or Paneer Chilli and you are sorted.
Here is how to make it.

If you want to try some more delicious Noodle recipes, then you can even try
these recipes – Schezwan Noodles, Garlic Noodles, Peanut Sesame Noodles, and
Asian Pad Thai Noodles.

Jump to:

  * What are Hakka Noodles?
  * Ingredients
  * How to make Hakka Noodles?
  * Frequently Asked Questions
  * Serving Suggestions
  * Storage Suggestions
  * Pro Tips By Neha
  * Recipe Card

## What are Hakka Noodles?

I can define Noodles as my cheer up mood food! Every time I feel low on energy
or dull, I make myself a bowl of spicy noodles and it cheers me up instantly.
And one of my favorite and easiest Noodle recipe to make is this Veg Hakka
Noodles.

Hakka Noodles are basically stir-fried noodles with veggies and sauces. You
will find these on the menu of upscale restaurants, food trucks to roadside
stalls. These are also a fav to cook for birthday parties, brunches, and
potlucks.

Not only me, even my son beams with joy, when I say, but there is also “Hakka
Noodle” for dinner. It is also a win-win situation for me, as I can load it
with a lot of vegetables and my son eats it without making a fuss. This dish
is a good mix of vitamins, proteins and Carbs packed in one bowl and is
perfect to serve as a main meal.

This Hakka Noodle Recipe is,

  * Easy to make
  * Yummy
  * Favourite among kids
  * Great for potlucks
  * Loaded with vegetables

## Ingredients

**Noodles** – I mostly use Ching’s Hakka Noodles to make this dish. These
noodles are made of refined flour, so if you are looking for a healthier
option, you can use whole wheat flour noodles. Spaghetti, gluten-free noodles
or any variety of noodles will work in this recipe.

**Vegetables** – I usually add onions, Green Chillies, Scallion, Carrot,
Capsicum, Cabbage, and Spring Onions Greens in my noodles. Feel free to add
any veggies that you like and skip the ones that you don’t. Mushroom,
Broccoli, Purple Cabbage Zucchini, Pok Choy are some other options.

**Sauce** – To make these Noodles, only two sauces are used – Soy Sauce and
Green Chilli Sauce. Some people even add tomato sauce, to add that little
spicy-sweet flavor.

**MSG –** This is completely optional, but it does add a nice umami flavor
when it comes to Chinese recipes.

**Oil** – Use the combination of Sesame Oil and Chilli Oil to make this dish.
If you do not have these oils, you can use any vegetable oil too.

**Other Ingredients** – Other than the above-mentioned ingredients, you will
need Garlic, ginger, vinegar, salt, and black pepper powder.

## How to make Hakka Noodles?

Heat sesame and chilli oil in a wok.

Once the oil is hot, add garlic and ginger and fry for a few seconds.

Add onion, green chillies and white part of spring onion and fry for a minute.

Add carrot, capsicum and cabbage and fry for another minute.

Now add soy sauce, vinegar, green chili sauce, salt, pepper, ajinomoto
(optional), and boiled noodles and toss nicely.

Garnish with spring onion greens. Serve hot.

## Frequently Asked Questions

**How to boil Noodles?**

Take out the noodles from the packet and break it into 2 so that it can easily
fit into the pan.  
  
If you want longer noodles in the recipe, do not break it. It will
automatically fit into the pan once the noodles start becoming soft.  
  
Boil water in a big heavy-bottomed pan. And once it starts boiling, add the
noodles, and ½ teaspoon salt.  
  
Boil the noodles for about 5 to 6 minutes or until soft.  
  
Make sure you do not over boil the noodles, as it will stick to your mouth and
won’t taste good.  
  
Stir occasionally in between.  
  
Turn off the flame and add the noodles to a colander to drain the excess
water.  
  
Pour 1-2 cups cold water over boiled noodles to stop cooking from heat and
drain again to remove excess stickiness. Toss the noodles with 1 tablespoon
oil to avoid sticking with each other. Your noodles are ready to use in your
dish.

**Can I boil noodles beforehand?**

You can boil the noodles before tossing them in sauces and veggies.  
Just toss the boiled noodles with a teaspoon of oil and they are good to keep
for a few hours.

**Is this recipe vegan?**

Yes, this dish is completely vegan. All the ingredients used in this recipe
can be included in a vegan diet. Make sure the noodles you are using are vegan
too.

## Serving Suggestions

You can serve these noodles on its own or along with any Indo-Chinese starter
or a gravy such as Indo Chinese Veg Manchurian, Sweet, and Sour Veg,
Vegetables In Chilli Garlic Sauce, and Indo Chinese Chilli Chicken.

You can also serve these as a side dish for your weekend brunch along with
Chinese Gravy, Starter, Fried Rice, and a dessert.

## Storage Suggestions

If you have leftovers, store in an airtight container and it will last for a
day or two in the fridge. Reheat it properly before serving.

## Pro Tips By Neha

**Noodles –** Keep an eye while boiling the Noodles. Do not over boil it,
otherwise, it will become sticky and won’t taste good. You can buy Hakka
noodles at any Indian grocery store or even online.

**Vegetables** – You can load it with as many vegetables as you want. Thinly
slice the vegetables, instead of chopping it. Do not overcook the vegetables.
We want them to be crunchy and not soggy. Cook them on high heat to keep the
crunch.

Chop the veggies in thin juliennes. I used a julienne peeler for carrots and
sharp knife for capsicum and cabbage.

**Cookware** – Use a wok or a cast iron pan to make these noodles. Keep all
the ingredients ready and just stir fry them on high heat for best result.

**Spices –** Adjust the spice level according to your taste. If you want it to
be less spicy, you can go easy on green chilies and green chili sauce.

**Non Veg Noodles** – You can add egg, chicken, or shrimp to these noodles.
Check out the detailed recipe to make Chicken Hakka Noodles here. To make it
with eggs, whisk eggs and add them in the wok and scramble. take them out and
mix them again in the ready noodles. To make with shrimp, add the shrimp and
cook for 3-4 minutes. then add the remaining ingredients.

**You might also like**

  * Schezwan Fried Rice

  * Thai Pineapple Fried Rice

  * Egg Foo Young

  * Crab Rangoon

## Recipe Card

Loved this recipe?Click here to leave a review and give us a five star rating
★★★★★

## Hakka Noodles Recipe

Hakka Noodles are easy and delicious wok tossed noodles. Thin noodles are
tossed with veggies and sauces on high flame to make this Chinese delicacy.

3.72 from 7 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Chinese

Prep Time: 10 minutes

Cook Time: 20 minutes

Total Time: 30 minutes

Servings: 4 people

Calories: 263kcal

Author: Neha Mathur

### Ingredients

1x2x3x

  * ▢ 150 g Noodles
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon Sesame Oil
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Chilli Oil
  * ▢ 2 teaspoon Garlic (Minced)
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon Ginger (Minced)
  * ▢ ½ cup Onion (Cubed)
  * ▢ 3-4 Green Chilies (Slit into half)
  * ▢ 1.4 cup White part of scallion (Chopped)
  * ▢ ¼ cup carrot (Julienned)
  * ▢ ¼ cup Capsicum (Julienned)
  * ▢ ½ cup Cabbage (Shredded)
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon Soy Sauce
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon Vinegar
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon Green Chilli Sauce
  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon MSG (Optional)
  * ▢ Salt to taste
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon Black pepper Powder
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon Spring Onion Greens (Chopped)

US Customary or Metric

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Instructions

  * Heat sesame and chilli oil in a wok.

  * Once the oil is hot, add garlic and ginger and fry for a few seconds.

  * Add onion, green chillies and white part of spring onion and fry for a minute.

  * Add carrot, capsicum and cabbage and fry for another minute.

  * Add soy sauce, vinegar, green chilli sauce,, MSG if using, salt and pepper and boiled noodles and toss nicely.

  * Cook for 2-3 minutes.

  * Garnish with spring onion greens.

  * Serve hot.

### Notes

 **Noodles –** Keep an eye while boiling the Noodles. Do not over boil it,
otherwise, it will become sticky and won’t taste good. You can buy Hakka
noodles at any Indian grocery store or even online.

**Vegetables** – You can load it with as many vegetables as you want. Thinly
slice the vegetables, instead of chopping it. Do not overcook the vegetables.
We want them to be crunchy and not soggy. Cook them on high heat to keep the
crunch.

Chop the veggies in thin juliennes. I used a julienne peeler for carrots and a
sharp knife for capsicum and cabbage.

**Cookware** – Use a wok or a cast iron pan to make these noodles. Keep all
the ingredients ready and just stir fry them on high heat for the best result.

**Spices –** Adjust the spice level according to your taste. If you want it to
be less spicy, you can go easy on green chilies and green chili sauce.

**Non Veg Noodles** – You can add egg, chicken, or shrimp to these noodles.
Check out the detailed recipe to make Chicken Hakka Noodles here. To make it
with eggs, whisk eggs and add them in the wok and scramble. take them out and
mix them again in the ready noodles. To make with shrimp, add the shrimp and
cook for 3-4 minutes. then add the remaining ingredients.

### Nutrition

Calories: 263kcal | Carbohydrates: 35g | Protein: 6g | Fat: 11g | Saturated
Fat: 1g | Sodium: 208mg | Potassium: 173mg | Fiber: 4g | Sugar: 4g | Vitamin
A: 1658IU | Vitamin C: 22mg | Calcium: 21mg | Iron: 1mg

Pin this recipe for later use!I LOVE to see your creations so pin and mention
@WhiskAffair!

Sign up for regular updates?I would love to have you as part of my journey.
Click to sign up!

« Traditional Greek Salad

Paneer Korma »

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Poornima Porchelvan

September 15, 2013 at 2:59 pm

mouthwatering and your photography was awesome.

Reply

  2. Subha Subramanian

September 16, 2013 at 3:10 pm

Perfectly made…….

Reply

  3. laavys kitchen

February 28, 2014 at 2:44 am

Great recipe and wonderful clicks 🙂

Reply

  4. Deepa GV

July 18, 2020 at 1:33 pm

Tasty

Reply

    * Neha Mathur

July 18, 2020 at 2:45 pm

Thanks

Reply

### Did you make this recipe? Let me know! Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Sign me up for the newsletter!

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

### Hey! Nice to meet you

Hi! I'm Neha, Blogger & Recipe Expert behind Whisk Affair. I've nurtured Whisk
Affair since 2012 by trying & testing every recipe published. Be sure that it
will turn out good each time! Read More about me…

### Stay Connected

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

### My Cookbook

**Buy Now on Amazon**

### Most Popular Recipes

  * Hibachi Fried Rice

  * Lemon Garlic Baked Tilapia

  * Creamy Garlic Parmesan Sauce

  * Lemon Tea

  * Chicken Clear Soup

  * Scrambled Egg Whites

## Footer

* * *

^ back to top

**About**

About Neha

My Cookbook

**Stay Connected**

Sign up! for emails and updates

Contact Me

**Policies**

Privacy Policy

Terms & Conditions

Accessibility Policy

Copyright © 2022 **WhiskAffair Food LLP**

