https://www.cult.fit/live/recipe/veg-hakka-noodles/RECIPE770


##### FITNESS

##### CARE

##### MIND

##### STORE

GET APP

  1. Home >
  2. Live >
  3. Recipe >
  4. Veg Hakka Noodles

# Veg Hakka Noodles

Time25 Min

DifficultyEasy

Serves2

Be it brunch, lunch, or dinner; Veg Hakka noodles are a hot favorite at the
dining table. The vibrant colours of the vegetables and the silky soft noodles
coated with a light sauce and spicier than the regular noodles making this
dish irresistible. With Veg Hakka noodles calories around 500 and a meal by
itself, it is far healthier than its non-veg counterparts like chicken or
shrimp or beef Hakka ...  noodles. This main course, a part of the Indo
Chinese cuisine that came with the Hakka Chinese settlers during the early
19th century, to Kolkata has been modified over time to suit the fiery, sharp
and pungent flavours favoured by the Indians. Veg Hakka noodles restaurant-
style goes excellent with chilli paneer or tofu paneer, Gobi Manchurian,
pepper baby corn, sweet and sour vegetables, and other Indo Chinese dishes.
Veg Hakka noodles at home can be put together within 25 minutes, including
prep time. Cook noodles as per the instructions, drain and set aside after
mixing the noodles with a tsp of oil. Stir fry the julienned vegetables in a
wok or a large pan and add cooked noodles and the sauce. Mix and serve hot
with your choice Chinese side dish or some chilli and vinegar sauce.

READ MORE

Nutrition Info. (per serving)

ProteinFatCarbsFibre500 Cal500 Cal500 Cal500 Cal

  * 16gProtein

  * 9gFat

  * 87gCarbs

  * 17gFibre

## Ingredients

### Dry Grocery

Refined Oil

4 teaspoons

Salt

1 teaspoon

Dark Soy Sauce

2 teaspoons

Whole Wheat Noodles

200 g

### Fruits & Vegetables

Capsicum Green-regular

1 unit

Capsicum Red-regular

0.5 unit

Capsicum Yellow (regular)

0.5 unit

Onion

1 unit

Ginger

2 teaspoons

Spring Onion

6 g

Carrot-regular

1 unit

### Other

Pepper

0.5 teaspoons

Garlic

4 pieces

Water

6 cups

Green Chillies

1 unit

Green Cabbage

60 g

Directions

1

Fine chop the ginger, garlic. Cut the onion into slices. Cut the carrot,
cabbage, peppers into thin long strips. Cut the spring onion and green chili
into diamond-shaped cuts. Boil noodles in saltwater. Once they are 3/4th done,
drain it and add a little oil and spread it aside in a plate to cool down

2

Heat the oil in a pan or wok on medium to high flame. Add garlic, ginger and
stir-fry till fragrant. Add all the veggies (except carrot and cabbage) and
stir-fry till vegetables are tender

3

Add the carrot, cabbage and green chilli. Saute.

4

Add noodles along with light soy, vinegar, mix well and stir-fry 1-2 min. Mix
well without damaging the noodles. Check seasoning

5

Garnish with spring onions and serve hot

Tips to make veg Hakka noodles delicious

Cook the noodles al- dente. The vegetable should be cut into thin strips so
that they cook fast in high heat and retain their colour and crunchiness. Prep
your food entirely, and then start the cooking. Use a large wok so that when
you add the noodles added, they don't break or get mushy while stir-frying
them. Spice level can be added or reduced as per individual requirements.
Adjust the sauce according to your preference. Veg Hakka noodles taste better
with loads of vegetables in them. The Veg Hakka noodles are ideal for a lunch
box menu for the kids. Boil the noodles in salted water, drain them, toss them
in a tsp of oil, and leave them in the fridge in airtight containers. The
prepped vegetables stored in sealed bags for a day, too. The cooked leftover
noodles will stay fresh for a couple of days in airtight boxes in the fridge.
Why don't you give this recipe a try?

READ MORE

## Success!

#### We hope you had fun making it! Enjoy the meal.

What are Hakka Noodles?

Veg Hakka noodles are prevalent street food in India and are mostly consumed
as the main course. These are thin and flat noodles that resemble spaghetti.
They are the perfect crunchy and delicious budget meal affordable by anyone.
The ingredients required to make these are widely available at a very
reasonable price. Hakka noodles recipe veg goes well with various starters and
Indo Chinese appetizers like Gobi Manchurian, chilli paneer, etc. The other
types of best Hakka noodles variety are Schezwan Noodles, Chicken Hakka
Noodles and Chinese Hakka noodles. Hakka noodles have been adopted from
Chinese cuisines, and other famous commonly consumed Chinese dishes in India
are Fried Rice, Chicken Fried Rice, schezwan fried rice, etc. Most important
of all, who doesn't love Hakka noodles? Even kids prefer veg Hakka noodles
over any other Chinese dish, and this Indian version of Chinese cuisine is in
style these days. Hakka noodles recipe video on this page can help anyone make
Hakka noodles at home.

How To Make Veg Hakka Noodles?

Prepare The Noodles Boil the Vegetable Hakka noodles as per the instructions
on the packing. It is mostly done by taking the right amount of water for the
amount per serving. The cooking is done until the noodle size increases and
looks soft and tender. The water is drained, and immediately, the noodles are
washed in running water. This helps to prevent further cooking. Then vegetable
oil is added in small quantities over the noodles, and it is tossed well. This
will help to coat the noodles lightly and also prevent the noodles from
sticking to each other. Leave it aside to use it in the later stages of the
Veg Hakka noodles recipe. Veggies To Be Incorporated To make Veg Hakka noodles
recipe mince small quantities of garlic and drop into the pan with both
vegetable and sesame oil. Once the garlic starts to change colour and leaves
out a pleasant aroma, chop green chillies and celery. Add them to the oil and
saut√© for a few minutes. Slice onions, bell pepper, carrots, green onions, and
drop it in as well. Keep cooking in low flame until the veggies are cooked but
crunchy. Then add soy sauce in minimal amounts as it will impart a bitter
flavour if added in excess. Drop-in a little bit of rice vinegar and hot sauce
into the above contents. One can add sugar if one likes a sweet taste, and
this step is entirely optional. Toss the veggies such that they are well
coated in the sauce. Furthermore, add salt, white and black pepper to it.
Stirring In Together Mix the boiled noodles with a pair of tongs, and take
care that it gets blended well with the veggies and coated nicely with the
sauce. This is the final stage of preparing a Veg Hakka noodles recipe. Chilli
oil is stirred in as a final step if one prefers a spicy and hot dish. Garnish
the noodles with spring onions. Serve the hot Hakka noodles with any Indo
Chinese side dishes, as mentioned earlier. To prepare chicken Hakka noodles,
add shredded chicken pieces to it.

Are Hakka Noodles Healthy?

The significant health benefits of veg Hakka noodles are categorized based on
the Hakka noodles ingredients used in making it. They are: The Hakka noodles
are made either from wheat or rice flour doughs, and therefore, they are rich
in carbohydrates. This provides a good source of energy to the person
consuming it. Spring onions used in the making of Hakka noodles are sulphur
compounds, and therefore they help keep the blood pressure under control. The
spring onions also contain antioxidants called quercetin that help control the
blood sugar levels by increasing the production of insulin and helping to
combat the diabetic problem. These also lower the system's cholesterol levels
and vitamin C present; it prevents heart disease risk. Spring onions have
comparatively a smaller number of calories, and therefore they are a weight
loss vegetable aiding in treating obesity. Garlic is used to prepare Chinese
Hakka noodles and is proven to lower cholesterol and are suitable for the
heart and circulatory system. It has allicin, and that aids to lower blood
pressure. Garlic helps to regulate blood glucose levels and treats diabetes.
Moreover, it has antimicrobial, antiviral, and antifungal functions that help
relieve the common cold and other viral infections in the body. Carrots have
beta carotene that helps to keep the eye healthy and prevent various problems
associated with the eyes. It is also seen to relieve constipation with high
amounts of fibre and lowers blood pressure and cholesterol. Bell peppers are
rich in vitamin C, lutein, and folic acid. It has a low glycaemic index that
is good for immune boosters. The lutein protects the eye from cataracts and
prevents degeneration of the eye. Folic acid is essential for the
multiplication of red blood cells and white blood cells in the marrow of the
bone.

Summing It Up

Veg Hakka noodles are the most colourful dish that one can make in a concise
duration without much effort. They contain many vegetables, so they are very
healthy and can be fit into a regular meal for almost anyone. It is not
restricted to anybody, and this makes it distinct and a highly preferred menu
by everyone around the globe.

Top Searches

Fitness

Weight Loss Exercise | Six Pack Abs | Cardio Exercise | HIIT Workout | Belly
Fat Exercises | Exercise For Kids |

Mindfulness

Yoga Poses | Weight Loss Yoga | Yoga for Kids | Types of Surya Namaskar |
Online Yoga Classes | Beginners Yoga | Nidra | Music Meditation | Yoga
Pranayam | Bedtime Stories | Bedtime Stories For Kids | Mindfulness Meditation
| Meditation in Hindi | Sleep Meditation | Meditation

Online Doctor Consultation & Diagnostic Tests

Dentist Near Me | Gynaecologist Near Me | Dermatologist Near Me |
Endocrinologist Near Me | Pulmonologist Near Me | Cardiologist Near Me |
Orthopedist Doctor Near Me | Thyroid Test | Pregnancy Test | Full Body Checkup
| Kidney Function Test | Therapist Near Me | Online Counselling |
Physiotherapist Near Me

Healthy Recipes

Sambar | Masala Dosa | Kadai Paneer | Neer Dosa | Manchow Soup | Chicken Soup
| Homemade Protein Powder | Thukpa | Paneer Masala | Chicken Keema | Badam
Milk | Aloo Tikki Chaat | Moong Dal Kachori | Rasmalai | Pav Bhaji | Hummus |
Chocolate Ice Cream | Mattar Paneer

Popular Gyms

Gym In Model Town | Gym In Bellandur For Microsoft Employees | Gym In
Lokhandwala | Gym In Kalyan Nagar | Gym In Gk2 | Gym In Bkc | Gym In Preet
Vihar | Gym In Vaishali Nagar | Gym In Prabhadevi | Gym In Kompally | Gym In
Begumpet | Gym In Kalyani Nagar | Gym In Hauz Khas | Gym In Frazer Town | Gym
In Mahadevapura | Gym In Electronic City Phase 1 | Gym In Sahakar Nagar | Gym
In Kompally | Gym In Dwarka Sector 12 | Gym In Sr Nagar |

Cult Gyms In India

Gyms In Delhi | Gyms In Mumbai | Gyms In Bangalore | Gyms In Pune | Gyms In
Chennai | Gyms In Hyderabad | Gyms In Jaipur | Gyms In Kolkata | Gyms In
Ahmedabad | Gyms In Chandigarh | Gyms In Indore | Gyms In Coimbatore | Gyms In
Surat | Gyms In Ludhiana | Gyms In Vizag | Gyms In Amritsar | Gyms In Mysore |
Gyms In Mangalore | Gyms In Kochi | Gyms In Jammu | Gym In Kharghar | Gym In
Bandra | Gym In Velachery | Gym In Chembur | Gym In Indiranagar | Gym In HSR
Layout

At cult.fit, we make group workouts fun, daily food healthy & tasty, mental
fitness easy with yoga & meditation, Medical & lifestyle care hassle-
free.#BeBetterEveryDay

cult.fit for business

cult.fit franchise

corporate partnerships

cult pass network

t&c for business

partner.fit

blogs

security

careers

contact us

privacy policy

cult bmi calculator

terms & conditions

Related Searches

Pumpkin Risotto

Ramen Bowl With Egg

Chicken Hakka Noodles

Veg Hakka Noodles

Chickpea Spaghetti

Keto Black Pepper Chicken

Vegetable Lasagne

Miso Noodles

Penne In White Sauce

Penne Tomato Pasta

Penne Aglio E Olio

Thai Green Chicken Curry

Cajun-Spiced Cottage Cheese Steaks Veg Rice

Chicken Arrabiata Pasta

Harissa-Stuffed Grilled Chicken, Bell Peppers Rice

Sweet & Sour Bangkok Braised Chicken Meal

Asian Veg Curry & Rice

Asian Chicken Curry & Rice

Spanish Paneer Stew & Brown Rice

Spanish Chicken Stew & Brown Rice

Cashew Paneer With Ginger-Bell Pepper Rice

Mushroom Fried Rice

Lemongrass Basil Fried Rice

Wok Tossed Brown Rice

Tex Mex Rice

Kansas Cottage Cheese & Rice Meal

Cambodian Grilled Chicken With Jade Rice

Chicken Lasagne

Chilli Tofu Hakka Noodles

Chilli Chicken Hakka Noodles

Cambodian Grilled Vegetable Bento Box

Smoky Chipotle Chicken & Tex Mex Rice Bowl

Malaysian Veg Curry And Rice Meal

Mapo Tofu

Chicken Rice

Cuban Grilled Chicken Rice

Gremolata Grilled Chicken With Pesto Quinoa

Chicken Khow Suey Meal

Jamaican Curry & Brown Rice

Vietnamese Veg Curry & Brown Rice

Vietnam Means Chicken Curry & Brown Rice

Jamaican Chicken Curry & Brown Rice

Chicken Fried Rice

Chicken Curry Noodle Bowl

Malaysian Chicken Curry & Rice Meal

Cashew Chicken With Ginger Bellpepper Rice

Veg Curry Noodle Bowl

Recipe

Dhokla

Chilli Paneer

Kadai Paneer

Bhindi Masala

Sambar

Paneer Masala

Veg Cutlet

Moong Dal Kachori

Tamarind Rice

Aloo Tikki Chaat

Gatte Ki Sabzi

How To Make Paneer

Home Workouts

