https://www.cookclickndevour.com/sweet-and-sour-vegetables/


  * About Me
  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Privacy policy

  *   *   *   * 

Cook Click N Devour!!!

Easy Vegetarian & Vegan Recipes For Everyone

  * About Me
  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Privacy policy

Home / Main Course / **Sweet And Sour Vegetables**

Published: February 3, 2021 | By Harini

# Sweet And Sour Vegetables

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

Sweet and sour vegetables made with mixed vegetables. delectable sticky sweet
and sour sauce and finished with crunchy sesame seeds. Vegan and can be easily
made gluten free. Best served as accompaniment with fried rice, noodles, hakka
noodles.

Indo Chinese special sweet and sour vegetables just like the ones from your
favorite restaurant. Flavorful, full of umami, easy to make and a best side
dish in any Asian meal.

For more Indo Chinese recipes please check gobi manchurian, chilli paneer,
chilli potato, spring rolls recipes.

I have written a lot about the popularity, taste and my fondness for Indo
Chinese recipes in the blog many times ðŸ™‚ I simply love these recipes as they
are both super easy to make and tastes very very delicious. Also they get
ready in minutes once you chop the vegetables

Whenever I am blank about what to cook for dinner or need something quick,
easy and satiating dinner recipes I resort to easy Indo Chinese recipes like
this sweet and sour vegetables recipe, kung pao tofu, easy vegetable stir fry,
pho, manchow soup etc. All these go very well with even plain basmati rice or
brown rice, so dinner ready in minutes.

If you love Chinese takeout and want to try your hands at it, this is the
perfect recipe to start. It is super delicious, versatile and really easy to
make too.

Table Of Contents

  1. About This Recipe
    * What Are Sweet And Sour Vegetables?
    * Ingredients You Will Need
  2. How To Make Sweet And Sour Vegetables Recipe
    * Preparation
    * Make Stir Fry Vegetables
    * Making sweet and sour vegetables
  3. Serving Suggestions
  4. FAQs
  5. Pro Tips
  6. More Easy Vegetables Recipes
  7. Recipe Card
  8. Sweet And Sour Vegetables Recipe
    * Vegetables
    * Sauce Ingredients
    * Preparation
    * Make Stir Fry Vegetables
    * Making sweet and sour vegetables

## About This Recipe

##### What Are Sweet And Sour Vegetables?

As per the name suggests this is a delicious dish of sauteed vegetables tossed
in a sticky sweet sour sauce with usual Indo Chinese fixings like celery,
ginger garlic, sesame seeds etc.

You can use two or vegetables for this recipe to make the flavors and textures
interesting. I usually use a mix of cauliflower, beans, carrots, bell pepper,
bok choy, baby corn, broccoli and onions. Just use whatever you have handy
from this list.

The sweet sour sauce is a very tasty and flavorful one made with minced ginger
garlic, chilli flakes, soy sauce, hot sauce, brown sugar, vinegar with a bit
of corn flour or corn starch. There are also some variations you can make in
this sauce which I have mentioned in notes.

Unlike many recipes of sweet and sour vegetables you may find online or in
books, mine is a one pot recipe. I do not boil or steam the vegetables
separately but saute and flash cook with just a bit of water. This technique
lends a wonderful smoky flavor to the vegetables, cooks them just as required
retaining the crunch and shape.

This is a vegan recipe and the only gluten free ingredient is soy sauce. You
can easily use tamari or liquid aminos to make gluten free sweet and sour
vegetables. Do try this easy sweet and sour vegetables and enjoy! It is

_super easy to make_

_ready in 30 minutes_

_exotic addition to the dinner table_

_vegan recipe_

_better than takeout_

_delicious with noodles, fried rice, plain rice_

##### Ingredients You Will Need

**Vegetables** - As mentioned above two or more vegetables for a wonderful
texture and flavor. Here I have used carrot, baby corn, bell pepper, onion
etc.

You can also add pineapple chunks, snow peas in this recipe.

**Ginger garlic** - I like to use a generous amount of freshly minced ginger
garlic for this recipe. You can also use ginger garlic paste if you like.

**Red pepper flakes** - Chili flakes or red pepper flakes for heat. If you
want to make sweet and sour vegetables less spicy you can skip it.

**Soy sauce** - I prefer to use dark soy sauce for this recipe. If you want a
mild flavor you can use light ones or even sweet soy sauce. Try to use
naturally brewed low sodium sauce if possible. If you are using regular ones
add 1.5 tablespoons and not 3 tablespoons as mentioned in the recipe.

**Chili paste** - I have used homemade red chilli paste for heat. You can also
use any hot sauce like sriracha or even red chili sauce. For a different
flavor you can also a bit of green chili sauce.

**Vinegar** - Any good quality one for the sour taste and flavor. You can use
rice, rice wine or apple cider too. I have used apple cider vinegar.

**Pineapple juice** - I always add a bit of pineapple juice in sweet and sour
vegetables recipe. It lends a wonderful sweet taste, umami and a deep flavor.

**Others** - celery, green onions, salt and pepper. Use freshly cracked pepper
for best flavor. If you want a milder flavor you can use white pepper too.

## How To Make Sweet And Sour Vegetables Recipe

##### Preparation

Mince fresh ginger and garlic, finely chop the celery. Cut the vegetables into
bite sized cubes. Separate cauliflower into florets.

Add 1 tablespoon corn flour to a small bowl.

To that add 1 cup water and make a lump free slurry. Keep aside.

##### Make Stir Fry Vegetables

Heat 2 tablespoons sesame oil in a saute pan or Chinese wok. Once the oil is
smoking hot, lower the flame and add minced ginger, minced 2 cloves garlic,
celery and chili flakes. Saute for a minute.

Add cubed onions and saute for another minute in high heat.

Add the cubed vegetables and increase the flame to highest.

Now continuously saute the vegetables in high heat for 2-3 minutes.

Add 6 tablespoons water and cover the pan immediately with a tight lid.

Let cook in medium heat for 2-3 minutes or until the water is absorbed. This
method will cook the veggies by retaining the color and shape, keeps them
cooked yet crunchy and also imparts a wonderful smoky flavor.

Once the vegetables are cooked, open the pan and mix once.

##### Making sweet and sour vegetables

Add 1/2 tablespoon brown sugar, red chili paste.

Mix well and also add 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon vinegar, 4
tablespoons pineapple juice. Mix well.

Now add the prepared corn flour slurry, salt and pepper to taste.

Mix and cook till the sauce thickens to your desired consistency.

Finally throw in the sesame seeds and mix.

Transfer to a serving bowl and serve hot.

## Serving Suggestions

Serve sweet and sour vegetables as side in any of your favorite Asian menu. It
particularly tastes delicious with hakka noodles, garlic noodles, vegetable
fried rice, plain steamed basmati rice or jasmine rice.

This dish tastes best only when served immediately after making piping hot.

## FAQs

**What other vegetables can be added in this recipe?**

Bean sprouts, water chestnuts, corn on cob, edamame beans can be used in this
dish.

**Which oil is best for sweet and sour vegetables?**

I prefer to use sesame oil in this recipe for authentic flavor. You can also
use any vegetable oil.

**Can I skip pineapple juice?**

Yes, if you don't have it just leave it out or you may add orange juice. Some
tomato ketchup or sweet and sour tomato sauce can also be added.

**How to make this dish gluten free?**

Use gluten free tamari instead of soy sauce.

**What can I add instead of corn flour?**

rice flour, plain flour.

## Pro Tips

While stir frying vegetables make sure to do it in the high heat for maximum
flavor.

Add any vegetable you like in this recipe.

You can double or halve the recipe.

## More Easy Vegetables Recipes

Mixed veg curry

Kadai vegetables

thai yellow curry

Are you making this recipe? I would love to see a snap of your creation too.
Do snap a pic and share on Instagram with hashtag #cookclickndevou and please
give a star rating â˜… in the recipe card above. Follow us on Pinterest ,
Instagram, Facebook   for more recipes and ideas.

## Recipe Card

## Sweet And Sour Vegetables Recipe

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

Harini

Sweet and sour vegetables made with mixed vegetables. delectable sticky sweet
and sour sauce and finished with crunchy sesame seeds. Vegan and can be easily
made gluten free. Best served as accompaniment with fried rice, noodles, hakka
noodles. Indo Chinese special sweet and sour vegetables just like the ones
from your favorite restaurant. Flavorful, full of umami, easy to make and a
best side dish in any Asian meal.

No ratings yet

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 15 mins

Cook Time 15 mins

Total Time 30 mins

Course Main Course

Cuisine Indo chinese

Servings 3 servings

Calories 210 kcal

### Equipment

  * Chinese wok or saute pan

#### 1 CUP = 250 ml

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

#### Vegetables

  * â–¢ 2 small carrots
  * â–¢ 1 medium bell pepper
  * â–¢ 12 beans
  * â–¢ 1/2 cup cauliflower florets
  * â–¢ 1 large onion cubed
  * â–¢ 5 baby corns

#### Sauce Ingredients

  * â–¢ 2 tablespoons sesame oil
  * â–¢ 1 inch ginger peeled and minced
  * â–¢ 3 cloves garlic peeled and minced
  * â–¢ 1/4 cup celery finely chopped
  * â–¢ 1 teaspoon red chili flakes
  * â–¢ 3 tablespoons soy sauce
  * â–¢ 1/2 tablespoon brown sugar
  * â–¢ 1/4 cup pineapple juice
  * â–¢ 1 tablespoon vinegar
  * â–¢ 1/2 teaspoon black pepper
  * â–¢ salt to taste
  * â–¢ 1 tablespoon sesame seeds

### Instructions



#### Preparation

  * Mince fresh ginger and garlic, finely chop the celery. Cut the vegetables into bite sized cubes. Separate cauliflower into florets. Add 1 tablespoon corn flour to a small bowl.

  * To that add 1 cup water and make a lump free slurry. Keep aside.

#### Make Stir Fry Vegetables

  * Heat 2 tablespoons sesame oil in a saute pan or Chinese wok. Once the oil is smoking hot, lower the flame and add minced ginger, minced 2 cloves garlic, celery and chili flakes. Saute for a minute.

  * Add cubed onions and saute for another minute in high heat.

  * Add the cubed vegetables and increase the flame to highest.

  * Now continuously saute the vegetables in high heat for 2-3 minutes.

  * Add 6 tablespoons water and cover the pan immediately with a tight lid.

  * Let cook in medium heat for 2-3 minutes or until the water is absorbed. This method will cook the veggies by retaining the color and shape, keeps them cooked yet crunchy and also imparts a wonderful smoky flavor. Once the vegetables are cooked, open the pan and mix once.

#### Making sweet and sour vegetables

  * Add 1/2 tablespoon brown sugar, red chili paste.

  * Mix well and also add 3 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon vinegar, 4 tablespoons pineapple juice. Mix well.

  * Now add the prepared corn flour slurry, salt and pepper to taste.

  * Mix and cook till the sauce thickens to your desired consistency.

  * Finally throw in the sesame seeds and mix. 

  * Transfer to a serving bowl and serve hot. Remove from flame.

### Nutrition

Serving: 3servingsCalories: 210kcalCarbohydrates: 24gProtein: 5gFat:
11gSaturated Fat: 2gSodium: 1057mgPotassium: 506mgFiber: 5gSugar: 11gVitamin
A: 7108IUVitamin C: 69mgCalcium: 77mgIron: 2mg

Keyword Sweet and sour vegetables

Tried this recipe? Snap a pic and share ðŸ™‚Mention cookclickndevou or tag
cookclickndevour

280 shares

  * Share
  * Pin280
  * Yummly
  * Flipboard
  * Twitter

Shared by Harini

#### About Harini

I am Harini. The recipe developer, food photographer and chef behind cook
click n devour. My aim behind this blog is to provide easy, tried and tested
recipes that beginners can cook with confidence. I took keen interest in
cooking and took courses on cooking, baking during teens purely out of
passion. With a decade of cooking experience I am glad to share my recipes and
culinary knowledge with you all here. Stay tuned and happy cooking!  
Harini :)

### Comments

  1. Janet says

March 11, 2021 at 9:07 pm

Gonna cook. Sounds delicious

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

#### Hello, I am Harini

The chef, author and photograper of cook click n devour. Here you'll find
tried & tested vegetarian recipes with step by step photos and videos to make
cooking a pleasure and fulfilling experience. Happy cooking!

Read More

#### Popular Recipes

#### As Seen In

AboutContactPrivacy

Copyright Â©2022, Cook Click N Devour!!!. All Rights Reserved.

