https://eatwithclarity.com/spicy-chili-garlic-noodles/


download my FREE recipe ebook!

Eat With Clarity

  * Recipes
    * Breakfast
    * Desserts
    * Drinks
    * Mains
    * Pasta
    * Appetizers, Sides & Salads
    * Snacks
    * Soups & Stews
    * Browse All
  * Dinner
  * Dessert
  * Diet Type
    * Egg Free
    * Nut Free
    * Paleo
    * Refined Sugar Free
    * Vegan
    * Vegetarian
    * Browse All
  * About
    * About Claire
    * Work With Me
    * Ebook

________

Meal Type » Pasta & Noodles » Spicy Chili Garlic Noodles

# Spicy Chili Garlic Noodles

February 26, 2021 / by Claire Cary / 13 Comments

Jump to Recipe

This post contains affiliate links. Read my full disclaimer _here_.

  *   *   *   * 

_These spicy chili garlic noodles are ready in about 15 minutes and FULL of
flavor. They 're gluten free and vegan but delicious with some extra stir
fried veggies and your choice of protein!_

Is this turning into a noodle blog? Because it kind of feels like it lol. But
I'm not complaining because I love them, they're so easy to make, deliciously
savory, vegan and gluten free but totally customizable depending on your
preferences!

I've admitted this before, but I am _very_ sensitive to spice. Almost
embarrassingly sensitive. But here I am sharing a recipe for spicy noodles
because ya'll asked for it!

This recipe takes only about 15 minutes to whip up and can be easily
customized with extra vegetables, protein, etc. You can serve these hot or
cold so they're the perfect recipe to meal prep.

These noodles are _**spicy**_ and not for the faint of heart. Though you can
definitely make them way less spicy if you prefer or so spicy that you're
sweating after two bites (me).

But no, you won't die from eating spicy noodles, but you may sweat and need an
extra large glass of water! Try my spicy chili chicken noodles next!

## How to make this recipe

Bring a large pot of water to a boil and cook noodles according to package
instructions.

Add the shallot and garlic to a pot and saute with the oil until browned,
about 5 minutes. Add the white part of the scallions and the grated ginger and
saute for 2-3 more minutes.

Add in all remaining sauce ingredients and whisk together. Start on the low
end of the recommended amounts of sriracha and chili sauce (1 tbsp or less for
each).

It's very easy to make it more spicy if you want, but if it ends up too spicy
for you, it's hard to tone it down! Everyone has different tolerance levels,
hence the big ranges.

When the noodles are done cooking, combine with the sauce and diced roasted
pepper and toss until well coated. taste and adjust flavors as desired.

The first bite might not seem that spicy, but it gets spicier the more you
eat, so have a few bites before you decide to add extra sriracha or red chili
flakes!

Serve as is or with any other vegetables or protein of choice. I love adding
in bok choy, carrot or cabbage with chicken or tofu.

Top with red chili flakes for more spice and the remaining chopped scallions.
Enjoy!

## Frequently Asked Questions

**What should I serve them with?** I like serving these spicy noodles with
some extra pan fried veggies and some salmon or chicken. It's also delicious
with my air fried tofu or even some ground chicken. Anything goes here!

**Can I make them less spicy?** Yes! I've listed various ways to make these
noodles more or less spicy depending on your preference. An easy way to
decrease the spicy level is to omit the sriracha and use less chili sauce.

So please don't come at me in the comments saying they're too spicy or not
spicy enough, it's simple to adjust to your liking and I try to give every one
options : )

Even a pinch of red chili flakes will really take things up a notch if you're
looking for extra spicy noodles.

**What kind of noodles are best?** I love using wide rice noodles, but even
just regular old spaghetti will work!

However, I generally find the texture of white rice noodles to be best for
asian inspired dishes and the neutral flavor allows the flavors of the sauce
to shine through. You can even use ramen noodles, but be sure to follow the
package instructions so you don't overcook them.

## Try these noodles next!

  * Spicy Peanut Noodles
  * Sesame Noodles
  * Thai Curry Noodles

Follow along on on instagram and subscribe to my email list for more recipes
and updates.  **Leave a comment and rating below**  if you try this recipe and
let us know how it turns out!

5 from 18 votes

## Spicy Chili Garlic Noodles

by: claire cary

These spicy chili garlic noodles are ready in about 15 minutes and FULL of
flavor. They're gluten free and vegan but delicious with some extra stir fried
veggies and your choice of protein!

Print / Pin / Rate

Prep: 5 mins

Cook: 15 mins

Total: 20 mins

4

1x2x3x

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 8 ounces rice noodles I used wide rice noodles
  * ▢ 2 shallots sliced
  * ▢ 5 cloves garlic minced
  * ▢ ⅓ cup chopped scallions/green onions just the white part, save the green for garnish!
  * ▢ 1 tbsp fresh grated ginger
  * ▢ 1 tbsp oil I used olive, vegetable oil works too!
  * ▢ 4-5 tbsp **low sodium** soy sauce or tamari depending on how salty/saucy you like it
  * ▢ 1-3 tbsp chili garlic sauce depending on brand and spice preference, click for the one I used
  * ▢ 1 tbsp brown sugar can sub coconut sugar
  * ▢ 1 tbsp sriracha more or less to taste
  * ▢ 2 tsp rice vinegar
  * ▢ 1 tbsp toasted sesame oil
  * ▢ 1/2 tsp red pepper flakes optional for extra spice

US Customary - Metric

### Instructions

  * Bring a large pot of water to a boil and cook noodles according to package instructions.

  * Add the shallots and garlic to a pot and saute with the oil until browned, about 10 minutes. 

  * Add the white part of the scallions and the grated ginger and saute for 2-3 more minutes. 

  * Add in all remaining sauce ingredients and whisk together. Start on the low end of the recommended amounts of sriracha and chili sauce (1 tbsp or less for each). It's very easy to make it more spicy if you want, but if it ends up too spicy for you, it's hard to tone it down! Everyone has different tolerance levels, hence the big ranges. 

  * When the noodles are done cooking, combine with the sauce and toss until well coated. Let simmer for a few minutes to allow the noodles to absorb the flavors. I also tossed in two diced roasted red peppers, but you can also add in any sauteed veggies you like! Taste and adjust flavors as desired. The first bite might not seem that spicy, but it gets spicier the more you eat, so have a few bites before you decide to add extra sriracha or red chili flakes! Serve as is or with any other vegetables or protein of choice. I love adding in bok choy, carrot or cabbage with chicken or tofu. 

  * Top with red chili flakes for more spice and the remaining chopped scallions. Enjoy!

### Notes

Instead of the roasted red pepper from a can, you can just use a raw red bell
pepper and saute it before adding it into the noodles. I just prefer the
flavor and ease of using store bought roasted pepper!

While this dish is designed to be spicy, you can make it very mild if you
prefer. Just omit the sriracha and decrease the chili garlic paste. Start
small and add more as needed!

If you only have regular strength soy sauce/tamari and not low sodium, start
with about 2 tbsp instead of 4 and add more as needed so it doesn't get too
salty.

Serving: 1bowl / Calories: 299kcal / Carbohydrates: 53g / Protein: 4g / Fat:
7g / Saturated Fat: 1g / Fiber: 1g / Sugar: 4g

## Did you make this?

### Mention @eatwithclarity or tag #eatwithclarity!

  *   *   *   * 

### _leave_ a comment and rating Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Name*

Email*

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

  1. Megan says

July 25, 2022 at 3:48 pm

Amazing recipe, perfect for a weeknight meal. My boyfriend and I come back to
it again and again!

Reply

    * Claire Cary says

August 2, 2022 at 6:30 pm

Amazing, thank you Megan!

Reply

  2. Helen Maxman says

May 26, 2022 at 6:34 pm

This sauce is a keeper! I used the lower amounts of sriracha and chili garlic
sauce and I added in thinly sliced jalapeños with the scallions for a
different kind of kick. Excellent and flavorful recipe- who needs takeout
noodles???!

Reply

    * Claire Cary says

May 31, 2022 at 11:54 am

Thank you Helen!

Reply

  3. Nik says

May 12, 2022 at 4:59 am

Really delicious! Thanks for sharing a great recipe. Stuck to the ingredients
and quantities as per the recipe and definitely had a kick. Making again
tonight and going to add in some veggies and prawns. Yum!

Reply

  4. Ruba says

March 23, 2022 at 8:48 pm

Wow! These were amazing, it tasted exactly the way I wanted it too. I
personally put too much extra chilli sauce, which made it too hot 🥵. So I’ll
definitely tone it down next time, but otherwise it was delicious and I cooked
some mushrooms and bok choy with the noodles too

Reply

  5. Elle says

March 14, 2022 at 8:13 pm

This. Was. Amazing. I added ground turkey and some veg and could’ve finished
the whole thing but managed to restrain myself and save some for lunch
tomorrow. I will double up on the sauce next time since the turkey soaks it
up.

Reply

    * Claire Cary says

March 15, 2022 at 1:41 pm

Delicious! Need to try this with ground turkey, sounds so good!

Reply

  6. Meg says

September 12, 2021 at 12:21 pm

Let me start by saying this recipe is delicious! I substituted the chili
garlic sauce with a fresh pepper from my garden (extremely hot, I wear gloves
when cutting), skipped the chili flakes, and added an extra teaspoon of brown
sugar. I love spicy to the point that I’m crying but I was afraid of
overpowering the rest of the flavors and figured I could just add sriracha to
each serving if I needed more. But the heat level was perfect for me!

My only recommendation is if you plan to serve this for dinner or if you’re
meal prepping for the week, you should triple or quadruple the recipe or go
heavy on added protein. These measurements gave me enough for one decent sized
bowl.

I’ll definitely make it again!

Reply

    * Claire Cary says

September 20, 2021 at 4:30 pm

Love those substitutions! Thanks Meg!

Reply

  7. Marge says

August 31, 2021 at 12:30 pm

What a great dish. The heat/spice was perfect. Will make often but will double
sauce since my husband wants his portion to contain shrimp. Thank you so much
for this recipe.

Reply

    * Claire Cary says

August 31, 2021 at 6:59 pm

Perfect! So happy you both enjoyed it!

Reply

  8. Pearl says

July 21, 2021 at 7:41 pm

Tried this recipe today! I thought it was pretty good. I agree with the advice
to start out low with the spice — I would recommend doing the lowest amount in
the range and then adding red chili flakes on top if you don't think it's
spicy enough (unless you know you're a spice fiend). I found mine overly
salty, but I didn't read the warning carefully enough in the notes about full
strength tamari, so that's on me!

I also used a random traditional hot sauce instead of Sriracha. I added a
small amount chicken broth because I didn't feel that there was enough liquid
to constitute a sauce (?)… might be a way to thin down the spice if you overdo
it!

Thank you ❤️

Reply

_Welcome,_  
I'm Claire

Eat With Clarity is a place for gluten free recipes that are just as good as
the real thing. With plenty of vegan, vegetarian and paleo options, there is
something here for everyone!

Read Claire's Story

_you 'll also_ love

  * Garlic Sesame Noodles
  * Spicy Korean Gochujang Noodles
  * 15 Minute Spicy Peanut Butter Noodles
  * Spicy Peanut Chicken Noodles
  * Dairy Free Mac and Cheese w/ Roasted Garlic
  * Rosemary Garlic Roasted Fingerling Potatoes

_get more_ clarity

Name(Required)

Email(Required)

Δ

#### More

  * About
  * Services
  * Disclaimer
  * eBook
  * Privacy

#### Recipes

  * Recipe Index
  * Breakfast
  * Snacks
  * Mains
  * Desserts

#### As Seen In

  * Buzzfeed
  * Yahoo!
  * Well + Good
  * Parade
  * Self

Site by Katelyn Gambler & Made To Thrive

COPYRIGHT © 2021 · EAT WITH CLARITY, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

  * Recipes

▼

    * Breakfast
    * Desserts
    * Drinks
    * Mains
    * Pasta
    * Appetizers, Sides & Salads
    * Snacks
    * Soups & Stews
    * Browse All
  * Dinner
  * Dessert
  * Diet Type

▼

    * Egg Free
    * Nut Free
    * Paleo
    * Refined Sugar Free
    * Vegan
    * Vegetarian
    * Browse All
  * About

▼

    * About Claire
    * Work With Me
    * Ebook

________

