https://masalachilli.com/chilli-garlic-noodles-vegetarian/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

Masalachilli

  * Home
  * About Me
  * All Recipes
  * Contact us
  * Search

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * About Me
  * All Recipes
  * Contact us

×

Home » Chinese Recipes » Homemade Chilli Garlic Noodles Recipe (Veggie Loaded)

# Homemade Chilli Garlic Noodles Recipe (Veggie Loaded)

By Vidya Narayan | August 2, 2021 | Last Updated: November 27, 2021

3 shares

  *   *   * 3
  *   * 

Jump to RecipePrint Recipe

Try our Better than Takeout Homemade Chilli Garlic Noodles Recipe. Loaded with
vegetables, this makes a perfect weeknight meal, satisfies your restaurant
style food cravings instantly. This is the best way to feed vegetables to your
family, ideal choice of food on a fridge clean up day as the recipe is easily
customizable and uses pantry staples.

Chilli Garlic Noodles is an easy Chinese Style Stir Fry Noodles recipe made
with cooked noodles, vegetables and condiments. Made under 30 minutes, these
spicy noodles are perfect to serve for family or entertaining.

These Chilli Garlic Noodles are super delish, easy to put together (don’t let
the ingredient list intimidate you) and tastes so good!

Who doesn’t love noodles? Narayan is crazy about them and he can eat this
every weekend.

Readers who have been part of my 4 year long blogging journey, especially the
ones who follow me on Instagram, know my affinity towards spicy food. My blog
is aptly named Masala Chilli as I love everything spicy, particularly
chillies.

These noodles are not only spicy and delicious, they are also packed with
vegetables that make it a wholesome meal. The best part about making
restaurant style food at home is that you can tweak things based on need and
preferences.

These are perfect for weeknight dinners or weekend movie nights. You don’t
need a loaded refrigerator for making this dish. It can be made with couple of
vegetables and ideal for fridge clean up day.

Jump to:

  * Ingredients
  * Tips to Cook Spaghetti
  * How to Make Chilli Garlic Noodles Recipe from scratch?
  * What goes with Chilli Garlic Noodles - Serving Suggestions
  * FAQ’s
  * Some Easy Weeknight Meals under 30 minutes
  * Chilli Garlic Noodles Recipe

## Ingredients

**Noodles** – Here comes the best part – I have used **Spaghetti instead of
Instant Noodles** or All Purpose Flour based noodles.

Chances are your family will not even notice this swap and will happily dig
into their bowls.

I regularly use Udon Noodles, Soba Noodles, Spaghetti, Linguine for making the
Chilli Garlic Noodles at home.

Cook the Noodles or Spaghetti as per packet instructions. **Do Refer to our
Tips section below for more insights.**

**Vegetables** – I have used **Purple Cabbage, Baby Corn, Carrots and Bell
Pepper**. The vegetables have been cut lengthwise so that they can blend well
with the noodles.

For Fried Rice, Vegetables are finely chopped. The texture of food matters as
much as taste.

**Other Vegetables you can use** – **Mushrooms, Broccoli, Bak Choy, Sweet
Corn, Zucchini, Squash**. Use seasonal produce and ingredients you can easily
grab off supermarket shelves or local farmers market.

Chilli Garlic Noodles can be made with **Tofu** (Airfried, panfried or deep
fried) and /or **Paneer** (Indian Cottage Cheese).

**Chillies** – I have used **dry red chillies and fresh** **green chillies**.
The quantities suit our palate and ability to eat spicy food. Please feel free
to adjust the quantities.

**Condiments** – Chilli Garlic Noodles calls for 3 types of sauces – **Soy** ,
**Sriracha** and **Red Chilli Sauce**.

**Garlic** – One of the key ingredients for the recipe. The quantity may be
adjusted especially if you are worried about the garlic breath.

The complete list of ingredients is available in the recipe card below. Please
scroll through the post.

## Tips to Cook Spaghetti

Always add spaghetti to **boiling salted water**. Always taste the water and
ensure it is salty.

Spaghetti should be **al dente** (cooked right – firm and not lumpy /
overcooked).

Once the pasta is drained, **drizzle some oil** , toss lightly with a pair of
tongs. This prevents the spaghetti from sticking until the vegetables are
being prepped.

This method is useful for meal preps. You can refrigerate and use a day later.

## How to Make Chilli Garlic Noodles Recipe from scratch?

**Step 1** \- Preparing Noodles – Cook 250 gms of Spaghetti in boiling salted
water (follow packet instructions). Drain the water, drizzle oil, toss and
keep aside.

**Step 2** \- Heat a wok, add sesame oil and finely chopped garlic, ginger,
onions, green and red chillies. Stir fry until no raw smell.

**Step 3** \- Now add the vegetables – Purple cabbage, carrot, baby corn and
bell pepper. Season with some salt and black pepper powder.

Stir fry the vegetables on medium to high heat for atleast 5 - 8 minutes. The
vegetables should have a bite or crunch **(Refer Step 4)**

  * **STEP 2**
  *  **STEP 3**
  *  **STEP 4**

**Step 5** \- Add the Condiments – Soy, Sriracha, Red Chilli Sauce and mix
well.

**Step 6** \- Now add the noodles and mix everything together.

  * **STEP 5**
  *  **STEP 6**

**Step 7** \- Garnish with loads of spring onions. Serve with a choice of your
gravy.

## What goes with Chilli Garlic Noodles - Serving Suggestions

Chilli Garlic Noodles are perfect after holiday season. After indulging in
desserts and heavy foods, this easy vegetable loaded stir fry noodles are just
what you need.

These noodles can be served with a side of Mixed Vegetables in Hot Garlic
Sauce or with a bowl of Sweet Corn Soup.

If you are planning a Chinese fare at home, do add Vegetable Fried Rice and
Hot and Sour Soup to your menu.

## FAQ’s

**Is Chilli Garlic Noodles Gluten Free?**

No. This is made with durum wheat spaghetti and also uses soy. You can use
gluten free pasta instead of spaghetti or rice noodles. Also substitute soy
sauce with tamari.

**Is the recipe Vegan?**

Chilli Garlic Noodles are Vegan. They do not contain dairy products and is nut
free too.

## Some Easy Weeknight Meals under 30 minutes

Vegan Mushroom Biryani In Instant Pot

Instant Pot Minestrone Soup

Jeera Rice or Indian Cumin Rice - With Pressure Cooker and Instant Pot
Instructions

Instant Pot Chickpea Pulao

This post was first published on Masalachilli in December 2017. I have
modified the blog post with step by step process shots, detailed recipe and
additional information.

Please take a moment to  **LEAVE A COMMENT**  and a  **STAR * rating  **on the
blog. It would encourage others to try the recipe or you could  **TAG US  **on
any of our social media handles **  –INSTAGRAM, TWITTER, FACEBOOK PAGE AND
PINTEREST.**

## Chilli Garlic Noodles Recipe

Vidya Narayan

Step by Step Recipe to make Chilli Garlic Noodles. An easy Chinese Style Stir
Fry recipe made with cooked noodles, vegetables and condiments. Made under 30
minutes, these spicy noodles are perfect to serve for family or entertaining.

4 from 1 vote

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 20 mins

Cook Time 10 mins

Total Time 30 mins

Course Main Course, Snack

Cuisine Chinese, indo Chinese

Servings 3 people

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

#### Prepping Noodles

  * 250  gms Spaghetti  Read Instructions below
  * Water  As per packet instructions to cook Spaghetti
  * 1 ½ tsp Salt 
  * ½ tsp Sesame Oil  Read Instructions below

#### Vegetables + Base

  * 3 tbsp Sesame Oil 
  * 3 tbsp Garlic finely chopped 
  * 1 ½ tbsp Ginger finely chopped
  * ½ cup Scallions, Spring Onions (white portion) finely chopped
  * 3 Green Chillies finely chopped
  * 4 Whole Dry Red Chillies 
  * 5 Baby Corn Cut lengthwise 
  * 2 Carrots  medium size, peeled, ends trimmed and cut lengthwise 
  * 1 Bell Pepper  Large, seeds removed, chopped lengthwise / thick strips 
  * 1 cup Purple Cabbage tightly packed cup, thinly shredded cabbage
  * ¼ tsp Black Pepper Powder
  * Salt to taste

#### Condiments

  * 1 tbsp Dark Soy Sauce
  * 2 tbsp Sriracha  or use any Garlic Hot Sauce 
  * 1 tbsp Red Chilli Sauce 

#### Garnish

  * ½ cup Scallion greens or green onions  finely chopped

### Instructions



  * Cook 250 gms of Spaghetti in boiling salted water (follow packet instructions). Drain the water, drizzle oil, toss and keep aside. 

  * Heat a wok, add sesame oil and finely chopped garlic, ginger, onions, green and red chilies. Stir fry them until there is no raw smell from onions, ginger and garlic. 

  * Now add the vegetables – Purple cabbage, carrot, baby corn and bell pepper. Season with some salt and black pepper powder. Stir fry this for atleast 5-6 minutes. 

  * Add the Condiments – Soy, Sriracha, Red Chilli Sauce and mix well. 

  * Now add the noodles and mix everything together. After a couple of minutes, switch off the stove.

  * Garnish with spring onions or scallion greens and serve piping hot. 

### Notes

  1. The noodles can easily serve 4 people when moderately hungry. Otherwise, this is good enough for 2 people as lunch or brunch. 
  2. Leftovers and Storage - I always double the quantity, store the leftovers in the refrigerator in an airtight glass container. It stays fresh for a couple of days (hasn't lasted more than that), can be reheated in a microwave. I have never frozen leftover noodles. 
  3. Please note that this is a spicy stir fry noodles recipe. If you want to dial down the spice or heat, please adjust the quantities of chilies and condiments used.
  4. Other than spaghetti, I regularly use Udon Noodles, Soba Noodles, Linguine for making Chilli Garlic Noodles at home. For Gluten Free recipe, try Rice Noodles or any store bought GF noodles. 
  5. For a 100% GF recipe, use Tamari instead of Soy Sauce. 
  6. The recipe is Vegan and does not contain Nuts. 

Keyword Chilli Garlic Noodles

Tried this recipe?Share your feedback @masalachilli_vidyanarayan or tag
#masalachilli_vidyanarayan

Please subscribe to our website to receive all the delicious recipes in your
mail box.

We will be back again with yet another exciting recipe .. Until then, stay
healthy and happy!

**Vidya Narayan**

« Easy Hot and Sour Soup (Vegetarian, Restaurant Style)

Quinoa Sweet Potato Patties (Baked + Vegan) »

3 shares

  *   *   * 3
  *   * 

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Ramyarecipes

December 30, 2017 at 12:05 am

Yum ?

Reply

    * Vidya Narayan

December 30, 2017 at 7:17 pm

Thanks dear

Reply

  2. blessmyf??dbypayal

December 30, 2017 at 10:00 am

Looks perfect

Reply

    * Vidya Narayan

December 30, 2017 at 7:17 pm

Thanks so much

Reply

  3. jyo

December 31, 2017 at 12:52 am

Love the garlicky flavour ? nice share Vidya ?

Reply

    * Vidya Narayan

January 01, 2018 at 10:03 pm

Absolutely. Thank you dear.

Reply

  4. mamabatesmotel

December 31, 2017 at 2:08 am

Reblogged this on mamabatesmotel.

Reply

  5. dimplescookbook

December 31, 2017 at 10:16 am

Appetizing!

Reply

    * Vidya Narayan

January 01, 2018 at 10:03 pm

Thank you dear. Happy New Year

Reply

      * dimplescookbook

January 02, 2018 at 6:10 am

Thank you. Happy New year Dear.

  6. InspiresN

January 04, 2018 at 3:01 am

mouth watering!

Reply

    * Vidya Narayan

January 04, 2018 at 6:21 pm

Thanks a lot dear

Reply

  7. Anshu Agarwal

January 17, 2018 at 10:49 pm

These are my all time favorite...Wish I could have a bite of it..It is looking
so so delicious.

Reply

    * Vidya Narayan

January 18, 2018 at 10:36 am

Chinese is something I personally don't enjoy unless I make these noodles.
These are an exception. Thank you ! I wish I could treat you some

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

### Welcome

Hi Everyone, I am Vidya Narayan & Welcome to my blog MasalaChilli. Born in a
Traditional Palakkad Iyer (South Indian) Family with strong value systems to
an exceptionally strong and independent Single Mom, spent most of my childhood
studying well (as most Iyer girls do). Read More

### Subscribe

Fresh & yummy veg recipes straight into your inbox!

### Search

Search

### Popular Recipes

  * Chana Masala (Easy Indian Chickpea Curry)
  * Oats Chilla (Easy Indian Breakfast Recipe with Oats )
  * Jeera Rice | Indian Cumin Rice (Instant Pot + Stove Top)
  * Aadi Masam Recipes - Significance of Festival and Important Days
  * Revitalizing Pineapple Ginger Smoothie
  * Kale Potato Sabzi (Stir Fried Kale and Potato)
  * Moong Dal Recipe (Instant Pot)
  * Chickpea Salad Recipe (No Oil, Vegan)
  * Instant Pot Chickpeas (Soft and Buttery)
  * Instant Pot Chana Dal Recipe (Split Chickpeas)

### Browse

Browse Select Category Accompaniments After School Snack Recipes Air Fryer
Recipes Baking Recipes Beverages Breads Breakfast Ideas Chaat Recipes Chinese
Recipes Chutney / Podi Recipes Condiments Cookies Desserts / Sweets Diabetic
Friendly Recipes Dinner Recipes Drinks Eggless Cake Festival Recipes    Aadi
Masam Recipes    Avani Avittam Recipes    Christmas    Diwali Recipes
Fasting Recipes    Ganesh Chaturthi Recipes    Holi    Krishna Jayanti /
Gokulashtami Recipes    Navaratri Recipes    Onam    Prasad Recipes    Ram
Navami Recipes    Vishu Flatbreads Gluten Free Recipes Gujarati Recipes
Healthy Desserts Healthy, Low Oil & Diabetic Recipes Homemade Masala Recipes
Indian Breads Indian Regional Cuisine    Kerala Recipes    Maharashtrian
Recipes    North Indian Recipes    Palakkad Recipes    Punjabi Recipes
Tamil Nadu Recipes Indian Vegetarian    Curries & Gravies    Dal / Kadhi
Instant Pot Recipes International Recipes Italian Recipes Jams, Preserves,
Relish Kids Recipes Low Oil Recipes Low-calorie recipes Lunch Box Recipes Main
Course Millet Recipes No Onion No Garlic Recipe Oats Recipe Paneer Recipe
Paratha Recipes Pegan Pickles Potato Recipes Pulses and Legumes Raitas & Dips
Recipes under 30 minutes Rice Varieties Sabzi or Dry Vegetable Salads Side
Dish Snacks & Appetizers Soup Recipes South Indian Recipes SPL. HEALTH MEAL
PLANS Sugar free recipes Summer Recipes Travel Diaries Travel Recipes Vegan
Recipes Vegetables & Stir Fries Winter Recipes

### Featured In

## Footer

### About

  * Privacy Policy
  * Affiliate Disclosure
  * Disclaimer
  * Terms of Use
  * Contact Us

### Subscribe

### Follow Us

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * LinkedIn
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and
written permission from this site’s author and/or owner is strictly
prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear
credit is given to Vidya Narayan and Masalachilli with appropriate and
specific direction to the original content.

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

x

### Subscribe to our newsletter!

Join our mailing list to stay updated with latest healthy & tasty vegetarian
recipes!

Copyright (C) 2022 * Masala Chilli * Set up by Kaushik

  *   *   * 3
  *   * 

3 shares

