https://ohmyveggies.com/chilli-garlic-noodles-vegan/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Main Dishes
    * Vegetarian Appetizers
    * Vegetarian Breakfast Recipes
    * Vegetarian Side Dishes
    * Dessert Recipes
    * Snack Recipes
    * Drinks
    * Sauces, Spreads and Condiments
    * Holiday Recipes
    * From our Readers
  * Cooking Tips & Hints
    * Cooking Tips
    * Plant-Based Nutrition
    * Product Reviews
  * Shop Cookbooks
  * About Us
  * ## Nav Social Menu

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * Twitter

  * search...

menu icon

  * Find Recipes
  * Cookbooks
  * About Us
  * Free Meal Plan

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

subscribe

search icon

search...

  * Find Recipes
  * Cookbooks
  * About Us
  * Free Meal Plan

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

×

Oh My Veggies » Vegan Recipes » Vegan Pasta Recipes

# Chilli Garlic Noodles (Vegan)

Published: Apr 19, 2021 · by Nicole · Updated: May 17, 2022 · This post may
contain affiliate links.

Jump to Recipe \- Print Recipe

**These chilli garlic noodles require just 10 minutes and a handful of
ingredients to make, and are packed full of spicy, tangy flavors! Make them
for a Thai-inspired vegan weeknight dinner that's completely fuss-free.**

I just adore noodles. They are the absolute best. If I don't quite know what
to make for dinner, most of the time I will go either for a dish involving
either pasta or noodles. That way, I can get dinner on the table in no time,
but not miss out on any flavor or deliciousness. After all, a busy life
doesn't have to mean boring food!

And these Thai-inspired Sriracha noodles have been my recent obsession. If you
give them a go, you will see exactly why. As a huge fan of spicy food, they're
exactly what I always what I love in a weeknight dinner. The addition of
chilli peppers and Sriracha certainly brings in a generous kick of spiciness.
But you can adjust the amount you use depending on your personal preference.

The sauce, which is sticky, tangy, and also with a hint of sweetness, requires
just simple ingredients. It coats the noodles beautifully, and the cooking
process will leave your kitchen smelling amazing. I also added Pak Choi
leaves, which work amazingly well in noodle dishes. So if you're looking for a
10-minute homemade dinner, these chilli garlic noodles may be just perfect for
you!

## Ingredients for chilli garlic noodles

  * **Noodles of your choice**. You can use any noodle variety, depending on your personal preference. I typically use rice noodles for this recipe.
  *  **Sesame oil**. I would recommend using sesame oil for this recipe, as it's incredibly fragrant and adds the best flavor.
  *  **Fresh garlic**. Garlic always adds an amazing hint of earthiness to noodle dishes!
  *  **Red chilli peppers**. This helps to add a great kick to the dish. Adjust the amount you use depending on how spicy you want it to be.
  *  **Vegetables** : onion and bell peppers. You can also add other vegetables of your choice, such as snow peas, zucchini, broccoli, and carrots. 
  * **Tamari** or soy sauce, depending on if you want to keep this dish gluten-free. If you want to make it soy-free, use coconut aminos.
  *  **Rice vinegar**.
  *  **Tomato paste**.
  *  **Coconut sugar**. You can also use an equal amount of maple syrup.
  *  **Sriracha** , or another hot sauce of your choice. Adjust the amount you use depending how spicy you want these noodles to be. 
  * **Cornstarch**. This is mixed with water and used to thicken the sauce. Tapioca flour also works well.
  *  **Pak Choi** leaves. These are added at the end for extra greens and deliciousness!

## How to make spicy vegan noodles

Start by cooking the noodles according to instructions on packaging. This
usually takes between 5 and 10 minutes, depending on the noodle variety. Be
sure not to overcook them, because this will cause them to fall apart when
added to the sauce.

Meanwhile, heat the sesame oil in a wok or pan over a medium-high heat for
around 30 seconds, before adding the garlic, fresh chillies, onion and bell
pepper. Cook for 5 minutes, stirring frequently, until softened and fragrant.

Meanwhile, prepare the sauce. Add the tamari, rice vinegar tomato paste,
coconut sugar and sriracha to a bowl and whisk together thoroughly. In a
different bowl, whisk together the cornstarch with water.

Add the sauce and the cornstarch slurry to the wok/pan, and mix together.
Drain and rinse the noodles, then add them to the wok/pan as well together
with the Pak Choi leaves. Toss together using kitchen tongs for a few minutes,
until the sauce thickens, the noodles are evenly coated, and the Pak Choi
leaves wilt.

Serve with chilli flakes and enjoy!

## Recipe notes and tips

  * Remember, you can add other vegetables of your choice, and you can also go ahead and chop the vegetables ahead of time as part of your meal prep process. This will help to save even more time if you're making these chilli garlic noodles on a weeknight!
  * For extra protein, I love to add tempeh, or crispy tofu. You can also add chickpeas, another bean variety of your choice, or vegan chicken.
  * Make plenty of sauce and keep a good noodle to sauce ratio! You want all the noodles to be well-coated in order to ensure maximum flavor. 
  * You can use chilli paste instead of fresh chilli peppers, and also garlic paste instead of fresh garlic. 
  * These chilli garlic noodles are delicious served either straight away while warm, but also amazing cold. Allow them to sit in the fridge for around 15 minutes before serving for a dish that's ideal for warm weather.

## Can I make these chilli garlic noodles for meal prep?

Yes, for sure - they keep well in the fridge for up to 3 days in an airtight
container. You can either eat them cold, or warm them up in the microwave.
While I haven't tried freezing this dish, I would not recommend it as freezing
noodles can interfere with their texture.

## Other vegan noodle recipes you might like

  * Try out peanut noodles for another super quick noodle dinner!
  * My noodle soup with roasted chickpeas is cosy and comforting. 
  * Try out vegan Pad Thai for a meal that's flavorful and made with lots of vegetables.
  * Make a coconut vegetable noodle stir-fry in just 15 minutes.

**If you give these vegan chilli garlic noodles a go, be sure to tag me
onInstagram (@ohmyveggies) so I can see your creations, and leave your
feedback in the comments below together with a star rating!**

## Chilli Garlic Noodles (Vegan)

Make these chilli garlic noodles for a weeknight dinner that's ready in 10
minutes. This Thai-inspired recipe is made with noodles and a spicy, tangy
sauce for a vegan meal that's also easy to make gluten-free.

Print Recipe Pin Recipe Email Recipe

Prep Time: 0 minutes

Cook Time: 10 minutes

Total Time: 10 minutes

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Thai, Vegan

Diet: Vegan, Vegetarian

Keyword: bell peppers, chilli, coconut sugar, earth of maria, Pak Choi, Rice
noodles, Rice vinegar, sesame oil, sriracha, tamari

Servings: 2

Calories: 476kcal

Author: Oh My Veggies

### Equipment

  * Saucepan

  * Wok or frying pan

### Ingredients

  * 5 oz rice noodles or any other vegan noodles of your choice
  * 1 tbsp sesame oil
  * 2 cloves garlic minced
  * 1 red chilli de-seeded and chopped finely
  * 1 large onion diced
  * 1 large bell pepper de-seeded and diced
  * ¼ cup tamari
  * 2 tbsp rice vinegar
  * 1 tbsp tomato paste
  * 1 tbsp coconut sugar
  * 1 tbsp sriracha
  * ½ cup water
  * 2 tbsp cornstarch
  * 2 cups Pak Choi packed

US Customary \- Metric

### Instructions

  * Cook the noodles according to instructions on packaging. This usually takes between 5 and 10 minutes.

  * Heat the sesame oil in a wok or pan over a medium-high heat for around 30 seconds, before adding the garlic, fresh chillies, onion and bell pepper. Cook for 5 minutes, stirring frequently, until softened and fragrant.

  * Add the tamari, rice vinegar tomato paste, coconut sugar and sriracha to a bowl and whisk together thoroughly. In a different bowl, whisk together the cornstarch with water.

  * Add the sauce and the cornstarch slurry to the wok/pan, and mix together. 

  * Drain and rinse the noodles, then add them to the wok/pan as well together with the Pak Choi leaves. Toss together using kitchen tongs for a few minutes, until the sauce thickens, the noodles are evenly coated, and the Pak Choi leaves wilt.

  * Serve with chilli flakes, and enjoy!

### Video

### Notes

  * These noodles keep well in the fridge for up to 3 days. You can either eat them cold, or warm them up in the microwave. 
  * To make this recipe gluten-free, use a gluten-free noodle variety and tamari instead of soy sauce.

### Nutrition

Calories: 476kcalCarbohydrates: 91gProtein: 9gFat: 8gSaturated Fat: 1gSodium:
2054mgPotassium: 717mgFiber: 6gSugar: 14gVitamin A: 6044IUVitamin C:
182mgCalcium: 130mgIron: 3mg

Craving more veg-friendly recipes? Shop our collection of vegetarian and vegan
cookbooks, including our new Vegan Thanksgiving and Vegan Christmas cookbooks!

« Vegan Cauliflower Cheese

The Ultimate Vegan Oatmeal »

30 Minutes or Less, Earth of Maria, Vegan Dinner Recipes, Vegan Pasta Recipes,
Vegan Recipes, Vegan Weeknight Meals, Vegetarian & Vegan Pasta Recipes,
Vegetarian Recipes Bell pepper, Chilli, coconut sugar, noodles, Pak Choi, Rice
noodles, Rice noodlles, Rice vinegar, Sesame oil, sriracha

## Reader Interactions

### Something to say? Leave a comment. Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

Nicole is a life long vegetarian and the author of the popular vegan cookbook,
_Weeknight One Pot Vegan Cooking_. She loves sharing her recipes and showing
the world just how easy and delicious meatless meals can be!  
Learn more here.

* * *

* * *

* * *

### Trending Recipes

  * Lemon Brownies

  * Crunchy Vegan Coleslaw (with walnuts and pumpkin seeds!)

  * Sweet Potato Roll - A Vegetarian Sushi Roll!

  * Vegan Chocolate Pie

## Footer

↑ back to top

  * Shop Cookbooks

  * About Us
  * Work with Me
  * Contact

  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms of Use

* * *

**Still hungry? Check out our delicious family of blogs.**

* * *

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2021 **Hook & Porter Media**

  *   *   *   *   * 

