https://www.veganricha.com/indo-chinese-chilli-garlic-noodles/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * (new) Recipe Filters
    * Popular Recipes
    * Breakfast
    * Lunch / Dinner
    * Dessert
    * Indian
    * Instant Pot
    * Burgers
    * Pizza
    * Recipe Index
  * Videos
    * Instant Pot
    * Dessert
    * Holidays
    * Easy Vegan Meals
    * All Recipe Videos
  * CookBooks
    * Vegan Richa’s Instant Pot Cookbook(PREORDER NOW)
    * Vegan Richa's Everyday Kitchen (Print & Digital)
    * Vegan Richa's Indian Kitchen (Print & Digital)
  * Resources
    * How To Start A Food Blog
    * Resources for Food Bloggers
    * Vegan Subs & Resources
    * Our Vegan Journey and FAQs
    * Indian Pantry
    * Indian Dal / Lentil Names
  * Shop
  * About / Contact
  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Videos
  * CookBooks
  * Shop
  * About
  * NEW! Instant Pot Cookbook

*   * Bloglovin
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

×

Home » Indo Chinese Recipes

# Indo Chinese Chilli Garlic Noodles

Published: Apr 11, 2022 · Modified: Apr 10, 2022 by Richa 13 Comments

Jump to Recipe   Print Recipe

_Indo Chinese Chilli Garlic Noodles - an easy noodle stir-fry that can be
ready in about 20 minutes and that is PACKED with flavor. Lo Mein Noodles
tossed with crunchy veggies and a sweet, salty and spicy sauce. Feel free to
add your choice of protein!_

Are you ready for another Delicious Indo-Chinese dinner - Sweet and spicy
chili garlic noodles! So good! This is a dish from the Indian Chinese cuisine
– many Chinese and inspired dishes indianized with spices or change in cooking
style or ingredients.

This cuisine like any other cuisine has its own set of recipes. Veggies such
as cabbage and bell peppers are not cooked down, they get added only after the
noodles are mixed so they have a _raw crunch_. Indian Green chili sauce or
freshly minced green chilies adds the restaurant style flavor you get in indo
Chinese restaurants!

The veggies are left crunchy in this recipe which provides a nice contrast to
the soft noodles. These noodles can get spicy but you can make them way less
spicy if you prefer!

The original recipe usually uses a green chili sauce or paste, which is fresh
green chilies blended with some vinegar, but that sauce isn't very easily
available in stores. You can ind it in Indian stores. I often use finely
minced green chili instead. If you can get some green Chile sauce from the
Indian store, use that or you can also blend green chilies with a little bit
of water and vinegar and use that.

## More Indo Chinese Recipes:

  * Indo Chinese Fried Rice
  * Vegetable Hakka Noodles
  * Chilli tofu paneer 
  * Vegan Dragon Chicken Soycurls
  * Cauliflower manchurian 
  * Chilli chicken soycurls 
  * Tofu 65

Print Recipe

5 from 8 votes

## Indo-Chinese Chilli Garlic Noodles

_Indo Chinese Chilli Garlic Noodles - an easy noodle stir-fry that can be
ready in about 20 minutes and that is PACKED with flavor. Lo Mein Noodles
tossed with crunchy veggies and a sweet, salty and spicy sauce. Feel free to
add your choice of protein! Nutfree, easily_ Glutenfree

Prep Time10 mins

Cook Time15 mins

Total Time25 mins

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Indo Chinese

Keyword: indo chinese chilli garlic noodles, vegan noodle stir-fry

Servings: 4

Calories: 229kcal

Author: Vegan Richa

### Ingredients

#### For the noodles:

  * 6 oz (170 g) Lo mein or thin soba or other wheat-based noodles or thin spaghetti
  * 1 teaspoon soy sauce or use tamari for Glutenfree 
  * 1 teaspoon sesame oil

#### For the stir fry:

  * 2 teaspoons oil
  * 6 cloves garlic finely chopped
  * 2 dried red chillies (Indian chilies or cayenne, or use california red for mild heat ) 
  * 1/2 teaspoon pepper flakes , use less for less heat 
  * 1/2 cup (65 g) julienned carrots
  * 2 tablespoons soy sauce , tamari for Glutenfree 
  * 1 tablespoon sambal oelek or other red Asian chili sauce
  * 2 teaspoons rice vinegar
  * 1 teaspoon molasses
  * 1 cup (70 g) thinly sliced green cabbage
  * 1 cup (149 g) bell pepper ,thinly sliced red or green or both
  * 2 tablespoons whites of green onion ,reserve the greens for garnish
  * 1 tablespoon finely minced green chili ,I use Serrano (you can also use some mild green chilies, such as Anaheim, or just use a green bell pepper and mince it) or use 2 teaspoons Indian green chili sauce 
  * green onion, black pepper and cilantro for garnish

### Instructions

  * Make your noodles according to the instructions on the package. (If you're using spaghetti, then add a teaspoon of baking soda to your boiling water and then add the noodles and cook them. This makes them get more pliable, which works much better in Asian dishes.)

  * Once the noodles are cooked, rinse them in cold water, then toss the noodles in the soy sauce and sesame oil and set aside.

  *  **For the stir fry** : Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat.

  * Add the garlic and dried red chilies and pepper flakes and cook until the garlic is starting to turn evenly golden.

  * Then add in the carrots and toss well. Add in all of the sauces that is the soy sauce, sambal oelek, rice vinegar, molasses and mix well and bring to a good boil.

  * Then add in the noodles and toss well to coat.Toss well for about half a minute. 

  * Then add in all of the veggies- cabbage, bell pepper, green onion, and minced green chili or green chili sauce and toss well for a few seconds to coat the veggies. Then switch off the heat.

  * Let it sit for another minute or two. Taste and adjust salt and flavor. Add salt, more soy sauce or chili sauce if needed.

  * Garnish with green onion, pepper and cilantro. Add some baked tofu to make into a meal or Serve with indo Chinese stir fries such as dragon chicken soycurls, manchurian, or other saucy Asian stir fries such as sweet and sour tofu or general Tso’s cauliflower.

Store refrigerated for upto 3 days

### Notes

  * **Glutenfree** : use gluten free noodles or rice noodles and tamari instead of soy sauce 
  * **Soyfree** \- use coconut aminos

### Nutrition

Nutrition Facts

Indo-Chinese Chilli Garlic Noodles

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 229 Calories from Fat 36

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 4g **6%**

Saturated Fat 1g **6%**

 **Sodium** 420mg **18%**

 **Potassium** 362mg **10%**

 **Carbohydrates** 41g **14%**

Fiber 4g **17%**

Sugar 6g **7%**

 **Protein** 8g **16%**

**Vitamin A** 4053IU **81%**

 **Vitamin C** 58mg **70%**

 **Calcium** 42mg **4%**

 **Iron** 1mg **6%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

## Ingredients:

  * Lo mein or thin soba noodes are best here but you can use your favorite thin wheat-based noodles or thin spaghetti
  * the cooked noodles are tossed with soy sauce and sesame oil
  * for the sauce, we saute garlic, red chillies and pepper flakes
  * julienned carrots are added to the seasoned oil for some color and crunch
  * we make a stir-fry sauce mixing soy sauce, sambal oelek or indo Chinese red chili sauce, rice vinegar and molasses. Sweet and spicy salty goodness
  * veggies: green cabbage, bell pepper, green onions and green chili
  * green onion and cilantro for garnish



## Tips:

  * Instead of sambal, you can use any other red Asian chili sauce
  * Instead of serrano you can also use some mild green chilies, such as Anaheim, or just use a green bell pepper and mince it
  * If you're using spaghetti, then add a teaspoon of baking soda to your boiling water and then add the noodles and cook them. This makes them get more pliable, which works much better in Asian dishes.
  * Glutenfree : use gluten free noodles or rice noodles and tamari instead of soy sauce
  * Soyfree- use coconut aminos

## How to make Indo Chinese Chili Garlic Noodles

Make your noodles according to the instructions on the package. (If you're
using spaghetti, then add a teaspoon of baking soda to your boiling water and
then add the noodles and cook them. This makes them get more pliable, which
works much better in Asian dishes.)

Once the noodles are cooked, rinse them in cold water, then toss the noodles
in the soy sauce and sesame oil and set aside.

**For the stir fry** : Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat.



Add the garlic and dried red chilies and pepper flakes and cook until the
garlic is turning golden.

  

Then add in the carrots and toss well. Add in all of the sauces that is the
soy sauce, sambal Oelek, rice vinegar, molasses and mix well and bring to a
good boil.

Then add in the noodles and toss well to coat.

Toss well for about half a minute, then add in all of the veggies cabbage,
bell pepper, green onion, green chili and toss well for a few seconds to coat
with some of the sauce. Then switch off the heat.

Let it sit for another minute or 2. taste and adjust salt and flavor. Add
salt, more soy sauce or chili sauce if needed.

Then garnish with green onion and cilantro and serve.

Serve with indo Chinese stir fries such as dragon chicken soycurls,
manchurian, or other saucy Asian stir fries such as sweet and sour tofu or
general Tso’s cauliflower.

### Storage:

Store refrigerated for upto 3 days





### Sharing is caring!

Share on Pinterest Share on Facebook Share on WhatsApp Share on Twitter Share
on Email

« Gluten free Almond Flour Naan

Vegan Swedish Meatballs »

  
  
⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ **If you Love the Recipe, Please consider rating it using stars in
comments! It helps readers and helps more people find the recipe online! I
love hearing from you all!** ⭐⭐⭐⭐  
  

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

  1. Susan

July 12, 2022 at 6:48 pm

  
Just love the crunchy veggies and the sauce is yummy - - will be making again!
Thank you.

Reply

    * Richa

July 12, 2022 at 10:40 pm

Yay

Reply

  2. Solsitice

May 08, 2022 at 2:17 pm

  
OMG!!! Nuff said. 😉

Reply

    * Richa

May 08, 2022 at 9:35 pm

Yay

Reply

  3. Nicole

April 24, 2022 at 5:30 am

  
This is so good! I don't think I've used dried peppers before, and they do
seem to add a lot of flavor.

Reply

    * Richa

April 24, 2022 at 1:52 pm

Yay!

Reply

  4. Leah

April 16, 2022 at 7:00 am

  
So easy and delicious with just the right amount of heat! Will definitely add
this to my dinner rotation. Thanks!

Reply

    * Vegan Richa Support

April 18, 2022 at 9:40 am

Awesome !

Reply

  5. Maneesha

April 15, 2022 at 11:47 am

Excellent Indo-Chinese recipe, Richa! Loved it! SO quick and so healthy too!
WINNER DINNER!

Reply

    * Maneesha

April 15, 2022 at 11:47 am

  
Ooops forgot to add the 5 star rating!

Reply

    * Richa

April 15, 2022 at 1:02 pm

Yay

Reply

  6. Trina

April 11, 2022 at 6:15 pm

  
So easy and yummy! I used heart of palm angel hair pasta, even so still
wonderful.  
Thank you  
Trina

Reply

    * Richa

April 11, 2022 at 9:24 pm

Awesome

Reply

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi, I'm Richa!** I create flavorful plant based recipes that are inspired by
my Indian upbringing, including many gluten-free, soy-free, and oil-free
options.

More about me →

Amazon // Barnes & Noble // BAM! // Chapter Indigo // International

My exclusive 16 Spice Set

Amazon // Barnes & Noble // BAM! // Chapter Indigo // International

## FOLLOW US

  * Bloglovin
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

**Amazon|| Barnes & Noble || BAM! || IndieBound || Details & International **

### Popular

  * Best Easy Vegan Recipes of 2021

  * Restaurant Style Aloo Gobi

  * Vegan Mac and Cheese Powder - Cheese Mix Recipe

  * Creamy Sun Dried Tomato Pasta with Garlic Soy curls

**Amazon || Barnes & Noble || BAM! || Indigo || Book Depository**

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms Of Use
  * Copyright and Disclaimers

### Resources

  * Indian dals/lentils names
  * Indian pantry
  * Our vegan journey
  * Vegan Substitutes

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates

  *   *   *   * 

### Contact

  * Recipe Index
  * My Favorite Things
  * Advertise, Work With Me

### Cookbooks

  * Vegan Richa’s Indian kitchen cookbook
  * Vegan Richa’s Everyday kitchen cookbook 
  * Vegan Richa’s Instant Pot Book

All content on this blog is owned by Vegan Richa LLC.  Links on some posts are
affiliate links for e.g. we are participant in Amazon services LLC Associates
program. Vegan Richa is monetized in part through the use of such affiliate
links. More Details

Copyright © 2021 **Vegan Richa**

