https://rainbowplantlife.com/vegan-chili-garlic-noodles/


Toggle Menu

subscribe!

  * Summer
  * Recipes
    * Breakfast
    * Lunch
    * Dinner
    * Side Dishes
    * Dessert
    * Instant Pot Recipes
  * Cookbook
  * Shop
  * Lifestyle
    * Cooking
    * Veganism
    * Photography & Social Media
    * Wellness
    * Productivity
    * Personal
  * About
    * Contact
  * Stories

  * Summer
  * Recipes
    * All Recipes
    * Breakfast
    * Lunch
    * Dinner
    * Side Dishes
    * Dessert
    * Instant Pot Recipes
  * Cookbook
  * Shop
  * Lifestyle
    * Cooking
    * Veganism
    * Photography & Social Media
    * Wellness
    * Productivity
    * Personal
  * About
  * Contact

Toggle Search

Toggle Search

Close

Recipes » Dinner

April 17, 2022

# 15-Minute Vegan Chili Garlic Noodles

Jump to Recipe

Perfect for busy weeknights, these vegan chili garlic noodles can be made in
just 15 minutes and are loaded with flavor: savory, nutty, garlicky, and
spicy!

Prep Time: 10 mins

Cook Time: 5 mins

Total Time: 15 mins

5 from 75 votes

PinterestFacebookTwitterEmail

If you’ve ever struggled with getting food on the table on busy weeknights,
these vegan noodles with chili garlic sauce are guaranteed to become a staple
in your household.

In this post, you’ll learn my formula for how to make Asian-inspired vegan
noodles in less time than it takes to order takeout.

And these bad boys aren’t just fast; they’re flavorful, too. Spicy, garlicky,
tangy and with a mix of chewy, saucy, and crunchy textures, be warned: this
recipe is _addictive._  

The best part? The chili garlic oil/sauce makes a double batch, which means
the next time make these noodles, it takes _even less_ time and effort.

## **What you’ll need to make this recipe**

These vegan noodles fuse Chinese cooking techniques and ingredients with
Japanese udon noodles in the most inauthentic-but-crazy-delicious way. Better
yet, a medley of veggies, herbs, nuts and plant-based protein keeps everything
pretty wholesome, too.

Here’s what you’ll need to make this recipe:

  * **Noodles** : my first choice for this recipe is fresh (or frozen) udon noodles. They have the perfect bouncy, chewy texture and cook in just two minutes. 
  *  **For the sauce:** you’ll need soy sauce or tamari, maple syrup or agave, and Chinese black vinegar. Chinese black vinegar is a less commonly known ingredient, so I’ve shared more detail about what it adds below as well as potential substitutions if you can’t get it.
  *  **For the garlic chili oil:** we’re using a neutral flavored oil like grapeseed or avocado oil, Sichuan chile flakes or standard crushed red pepper flakes, white sesame seeds, garlic, and peanuts.
  *  **For the veggies:** my preference is to use red or orange bell pepper (never green - _gross!_ ), cilantro, and scallions.
  *  **For protein:** I rely on pre-shelled edamame, which can be found in the frozen section of most grocery stores. It’s super high in protein and of course works well with the East Asian flavors in this recipe.

## **Common Substitutions**

One of the reasons I love this recipe is that it’s so customizable. Here are a
few common substitutions you can try:

  * **Can’t find fresh or frozen udon noodles?** I adore fresh udon noodles because they're chubby, chewy, and slurpy. If you can't find them, use shelf-stable udon noodles or ramen noodles. The dish will still be very tasty, it will just have a different texture. Just don't use a thin noodle variety like rice vermicelli.  
  *  **No Chinese black vinegar?** You can use rice vinegar in a pinch, but the dish won't have the same complexity or depth of flavor. I really recommend Chinese black vinegar for this recipe; you can find more in the Tips section below.
  *  **Allergic to peanuts?** Cashews also work very well here.
  *  **Other veggies you can add.** You can use finely shredded red cabbage or Napa cabbage, shredded carrots, or chopped snap peas/snow peas. If you have extra time, you can add steamed broccoli or sautéed bok choy. 
  *  **Swap out the protein.** If you don't like edamame but still want to keep things quick, use store-bought pre-cooked tofu. You can also cook tofu yourself, though of course the recipe will no longer be 15-minute friendly.

## How to make Vegan Chili Garlic Noodles

Gather your ingredients!

Prep the vegetables and herbs: slice the bell peppers and scallions, and chop
the cilantro.

Mince the garlic, chop the peanuts, and add them to a bowl along with the
chile flakes and sesame seeds.

Heat the oil in a small saucepan for several minutes until it reaches
350ºF/175ºC. Pour the hot oil over the garlic-peanut mixture. It should
sizzle.

After a minute, stir the soy sauce, Chinese black vinegar, and maple
syrup/agave into the chili-garlic oil.

Pour the garlic chili oil/sauce over your cooked udon noodles and toss to
coat.

Add the sliced bell pepper and scallions, chopped cilantro, and edamame. Toss
to coat well.

## Tips and Substitutes

### **Multitask** for maximum efficiency

If you want to maximize time and make this in 15 minutes, you have to
multitask.

While the water for the noodles is boiling, chop your garlic and peanuts for
the chili oil. And when the oil is heating up on the stove, grab your
vegetables and herbs. While the chili oil sauce is resting and the noodles are
cooking, slice your vegetables and herbs. You get the point!

Also, fresh or frozen udon noodles cook very quickly—about 2 minutes. If
you're using a different noodle, it might add to the cook time by a few
minutes.

### **Don 't sleep on Chinese Black Vinegar**

Chinese black vinegar is one of the most unique and delicious pantry
ingredients and really makes this dish shine. Unlike a standard Western
vinegar, it's fermented and has a complex flavor profile: umami-rich, earthy,
sour, and a little sweet.

The most common variety sold in the states is Chinkiang black vinegar
(affiliate link) from Southern China, which is made from fermented sticky rice
(you might also find it sold as Zhenjiang). Bonus: it's very affordable (at an
Asian grocery store like HMart, it costs about $4), and will stay good in your
pantry for a very, very long time.

If you want to read more about Chinese black vinegar, check out these posts
from The Woks of Life and Bon Appetit.

### **Adjust the spice level to your taste**

Since these are garlic chili noodles, they need some heat. That said, I don't
think this recipe is very spicy.

If you want the noodles to be very spicy, add more chile flakes. If you're
sensitive to spicy food, use half the amount.

I love using Sichuan chile flakes for this recipe, as it's a Chinese inspired
recipe and the flavor is wonderful (toasty and nutty), but this recipe also
works great with standard red pepper flakes.

### **Make sure the oil is adequately heated**

This is not a traditional chili oil where the aromatics are cooked in oil on
the stove. Instead, it's a quick and streamlined version where you pour hot
oil over the aromatics and allow the hot oil to cook them that way. So, it's
important the oil is hot enough.

I use a thermometer like this to ensure the oil is at 350ºF. If you don't have
one, allow your oil to heat for 3 to 5 minutes (the smaller the saucepan, the
less time it needs). Then, add a piece of minced garlic to the oil. If it
sizzles immediately, the oil should be hot enough.

## Frequently Asked Questions

**_Where can I find fresh or frozen udon noodles? How do you cook them?_**

You can find fresh or frozen udon noodles at East Asian grocery stores in the
refrigerated or freezer section. They typically come in packets or bundles as
shown below.  
  
Add them to a pot of boiling water like this and use a chopstick to loosen
them from their bundle. They typically only take 2 minutes to cook. Then drain
and rinse under cool water (you can use them hot in other dishes, but this is
a cold/room temperature noodle salad).  
  

**_What about Chinese black vinegar_ _and Sichuan chile flakes?_**

You can find Chinese black vinegar and Sichuan chile flakes at East Asian
grocery stores, or order black vinegar and Sichuan chile flakes online
(affiliate links).

**_I can 't get black vinegar. What can I use instead? _**

You can use rice vinegar with good results, but the dish won't have the same
complexity or depth of flavor.

**_What other ways can I use Chinese black vinegar?_**

Use it in other noodle dishes or in stir-fries (start slowly, as it's quite
strong in flavor), and usually add it towards the end. It's also commonly used
with equal parts soy sauce as a dipping sauce for dumplings. I also love it in
a Chinese smashed cucumber salad, like this one from Lisa of Healthy Nibbles.  
  
When cooking Chinese dishes, you can also use a small amount of black vinegar
enhance the flavors in a dish or to balance a dish that's too spicy, too sweet
or too bitter.

**_When I poured the hot oil over my garlic-peanut mixture, it didn 't sizzle.
What do I do? _**

That means the oil wasn't hot enough. Don't worry, you can fix this. Just
transfer the entire mixture—oil and aromatics—to a small frying pan over
medium-ish heat. Cook the aromatics in the oil until the garlic just starts to
turn golden, then take off the heat.

## More Asian-Inspired Recipes

  * Crispy Sesame Tofu and Mushroom Lettuce Wraps
  * Spicy Korean Cucumber Salad
  * Takeout-Style Tofu and Broccoli
  * Vegan Pho 

## Watch! How to Make Vegan Noodles

#####  The 15-Minute Noodles I can't live without

That's all I've got for these quick and easy vegan chili garlic noodles! If
you love this recipe, be sure to rate and review it below :) And if you snap a
pic, tag me with your remakes on Instagram!

## 15-Minute Vegan Chili Garlic Noodles

Nisha Vora

5 from 75 votes

Print Pin

Perfect for busy weeknights, these vegan chili garlic noodles can be made in
just 15 minutes and are loaded with flavor: savory, nutty, garlicky, and
spicy!

Prep Time: 10 mins

Cook Time: 5 mins

Total Time: 15 mins

Course: Dinner

Cuisine: East Asian

Diet Vegan

Serving size: 2 to 3 people

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 10 ounces (285g) fresh or frozen udon noodles*
  * ▢ 1 small or medium red/yellow/orange bell pepper, thinly sliced
  * ▢ ¾ cup (12g) fresh cilantro leaves and tender stems,  chopped
  * ▢ 3 scallions, sliced on a bias
  * ▢ 6 ounces (170g) frozen edamame,  defrosted
  * ▢ ⅛ teaspoon sea salt 

#### Garlic Chili Oil

  * ▢ 1/3 cup (75 mL) neutral-flavored oil (such as grapeseed oil, avocado oil, canola oil)
  * ▢ 2 teaspoons Sichuan chile flakes or red pepper flakes
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons white sesame seeds
  * ▢ 6 garlic cloves, minced or crushed with a garlic press
  * ▢ 1/2 cup (70g) dry-roasted peanuts, roughly chopped (unsalted or salted, either is fine)

#### Sauce

  * ▢ 3 tablespoons soy sauce or tamari
  * ▢ 2 ½ tablespoons Chinese black vinegar**
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon maple syrup or agave nectar

### Instructions

  *  **Cook the udon noodles**. Bring a large saucepan of water to a boil. Once boiling, salt generously (2 to 3 teaspoons kosher salt) and add the bundles of udon noodles. Cook for 1 minute, then use a chopstick or tongs to loosen and separate the noodles. Cook for another 1 minute, for a total of 2 minutes until chewy but tender. Drain in a colander and rinse with cold water until cool. Shake the colander well to drain (you can leave the noodles to continue draining if you have other ingredients to prep). Transfer noodles to a large bowl.

  * While the water is boiling, mince the garlic, chop the peanuts and cilantro, slice the bell peppers, and scallions. In a bowl, toss the edamame with the sea salt.

  *  **Make the Garlic Chili Oil**. Add the chile flakes, sesame seeds, garlic, and peanuts to a small-medium bowl. Heat the oil in your smallest saucepan over medium heat until hot and shimmering, 3 to 5 minutes (depending on your saucepan size and material), or until it registers 350ºF/175ºC. Pour the hot oil over the garlic-peanut mixture (it should sizzle). Stir and let sit for 1 minute. Stir the soy sauce, vinegar, and maple syrup or agave into the garlic-chili oil.

NOTE: If you don’t have a thermometer, add a piece of garlic and if it sizzles
immediately, it should be ready

  *  **Pour only HALF of the chili oil-soy sauce mixture over the noodles** ; reserve the rest for another recipe (it stays good in the fridge for at least 5 days). Add the bell peppers, edamame, cilantro and scallions, and toss really well (the dressing pools at the bottom). Serve at room temperature, or chill in the fridge if desired.

### Notes

*You can find fresh or frozen udon noodles at East Asian grocery stores in the refrigerated or freezer section. They typically come in packets or bundles. If you don't have access to them, use shelf-stable udon noodles or ramen noodles. 

**You can find Chinese black vinegar at East Asian grocery stores, or order
black vinegar online (affiliate link). You can sub rice vinegar with good
results but it won't have the same complex depth of flavor.

* * *

Nutrition Info

Calories: 430kcal | Carbohydrates: 69g | Protein: 18g | Fat: 14g | Saturated
Fat: 2g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 8g | Monounsaturated Fat: 6g | Sodium: 738mg |
Potassium: 802mg | Fiber: 12g | Sugar: 14g | Vitamin A: 4312IU | Vitamin C:
56mg | Calcium: 142mg | Iron: 3mg

  * Recipes
  * Dinner
  * Summer
  * Winter
  * Spring

### Did you make this recipe?

Tag @rainbowplantlife and hashtag it #rainbowplantlife

Leave a review

### Leave a Comment & Rating Cancel reply

If you enjoyed this recipe, please consider giving it a star rating along with
your comment! It helps others discover my blog and recipes, and your comments
always make my day :) Thank you for your support!

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Rate this recipe Rate this recipe  
  
  
  
  

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without
commenting.

Δ

##  111 comments on 15-Minute Vegan Chili Garlic Noodles

## Comments navigation

Older comments

  1. Jamie 

2 days ago

  
These noodles are so good! Thank you, Nisha!

Reply

  2. Neha 

5 days ago

  
Going to make this recipe soon quick question regarding the edamame beans . Do
you just defrost them or do you need to cook them beforehand ? Looking forward
to making this dish ! Neha

Reply

    1. Support @ Rainbow Plant Life 

3 days ago

Hi there Neha, we can't wait for you to try the recipe! The beans need only be
defrosted, as they are cooked before being frozen! Hope you enjoy the noodles
:)

Reply

  3. Harold Hart 

2 weeks ago

  
Nisha - This is a very delicious, spicy, savory, and one of the best Udon
noodle meals I’ve had without having to travel to East Asia to enjoy. To be
honest I’ll have to make this again, but this time with the black vinegar. I
subbed with rice vinegar, so making it again with the black vinegar the dish
should be even better. I’ve made about 4 or 5 meals from your recipes and I’ve
never been disappointed. As a clinical nutritionist student these are the
meals I can imagine showing future clients to help support their efforts to
achieve health improvement through nutrient dense vegan foods. Love, love,
love it!!

Reply

    1. Support @ Rainbow Plant Life 

6 days ago

Thanks for sharing, Harold! We can't wait for you to try the recipe with black
vinegar. And we are happy to provide all the yummy nutrient dense recipes.
We'd would be honored if you shared the blog with your future clients! ❤️

Reply

  4. Brittney 

2 weeks ago

  
This recipe is FAB! I couldn’t find black vinegar (yet) but I substituted it
with 1tbsp shaoxing rice wine vinegar and 1tbsp of Japanese rice vinegar and
it was super delish. Thank you so much for your amazing recipes and
inspiration! You’ve upped my food game for sure!

Reply

    1. Support @ Rainbow Plant Life 

2 weeks ago

Thanks for the lovely feedback, Brittney! :)

Reply

  5. Jalesa 

3 weeks ago

I’m low sodium, so I can’t use soy sauce or any alternative. Is there
something else I could sub for the soy sauce?

Reply

    1. Support @ Rainbow Plant Life 

3 weeks ago

Hi Jalesa, you can try using coconut aminos instead!

Reply

  6. Amy 

4 weeks ago

  
So delicious! I used a different kind of noodle, but I actually think udon
would be best, so excited to look for udon next time.

Reply

    1. Support @ Rainbow Plant Life 

4 weeks ago

Thanks for the lovely feedback, Amy!

Reply

  7. Laurence 

1 month ago

  
I really liked this. I made the recipe as written, and it was fine for my
(literal) baby-mouth children. Sichuan pepper flakes are delicious, but I
don't think they have much heat. Next time I make this I'm going to try using
smoked tofu; I think that will be a great texture in there.

Reply

    1. Support @ Rainbow Plant Life 

1 month ago

Laurence, So glad to hear you loved this recipe!

Reply

  8. Morgan Ho 

2 months ago

  
This was a solid recipe! While I would love all the time in the world to make
food, as a busy working mom it just doesn't happen! This is a perfect recipe
for me and my family any day - mostly because everyday is busy for us! My 16
month old liked the noodles!

Reply

    1. Support @ Rainbow Plant Life 

1 month ago

Great to hear you love the recipe Morgan, thanks for sharing :)

Reply

  9. Tina 

2 months ago

  
Such a simple but crazy delicious recipe! The Chinese black vinegar was a
revelation. I now want to put it in everything.

Reply

    1. Support @ Rainbow Plant Life 

2 months ago

Thanks for the lovely feedback, Tina!

Reply

  10. Barb Belcher 

2 months ago

  
Delicious and easy!! Thank you for sharing!

Reply

    1. Support @ Rainbow Plant Life 

2 months ago

Thanks for the lovely feedback, Barb!

Reply

  11. Kathryn 

2 months ago

  
So quick and easy but so much flavor!! Better than takeout.

Reply

    1. Support @ Rainbow Plant Life 

2 months ago

Kathryn, So glad to hear you loved this recipe!

Reply

  12. Shane 

2 months ago

  
Oh MY! This is amazingly delicious and so fast to put together! A perfect meal
for hot Summer days. My husband stated that every recipe we have tried by
Nisha is delicious, "She's never steered us wrong." DO use all the garlic, get
the black vinegar and you might find that if eaten right away, you will want
more noodles to soak in the dressing for the next day. Unless you can tell me
how, this is not a dish for company because you need to slurp up those udon
noodles but oh SO good that you won't want to share anyway!!

Reply

    1. Support @ Rainbow Plant Life 

2 months ago

Shane, So glad to hear you two loved this recipe!

Reply

  13. Kat 

2 months ago

  
I really enjoyed this recipe but I don't think I could ever make this in 15
min. unless I had everything prepped ahead of time. (I'll try that the next
time.) I like the flavor of the garlic-chili oil and can't wait to try it on
other things.

Thanks for introducing me to Chinese black vinegar!

Reply

    1. Support @ Rainbow Plant Life 

2 months ago

Hi there Kat, sorry to hear it took you a bit longer than anticipated.
Hopefully the more you make this recipe the more quickly it'll go! You are
very welcome for introducing you to Chinese black vinegar!

Reply

  14. Aeron 

2 months ago

  
Made this for my girls and they loved it! Thanks for sharing it!

Reply

    1. Support @ Rainbow Plant Life 

2 months ago

Awesome, Aeron. Thanks for your comment and for taking the time to review!

Reply

  15. Morgan 

3 months ago

  
Another knockout recipe! The sauce per the recipe was a bit too oily for me,
so next time I make it I’ll do half the oil and twice the vinegar/other
sauces. I also added extra Korean chili flake and sambal oelek - we like spice
in my house! I also added marinated tempeh for extra protein and vegetables as
I like a 2:1 veg:noodle dish. I’ll definitely be making this again!

Reply

    1. Support @ Rainbow Plant Life 

2 months ago

Thanks for sharing, Morgan!

Reply

  16. Megan Burmester 

3 months ago

  
So freaking delicious! I think you’re adorable and I’m so glad I found you.
Decided to go vegan as I was just diagnosed with breast cancer. I’ve loved
watching your videos and can’t wait for your new cookbook! Be blessed, Nisha!

Reply

    1. Support @ Rainbow Plant Life 

3 months ago

Thank you so much for the wonderful review, Megan! We wish you all the best in
your recovery and are happy to provide you with delicious plant-based recipes
:)

Reply

## Comments navigation

Older comments

### Want more vegan recipes?

Subscribe and we’ll send you new recipes and videos every week. And to say
thanks, you’ll also get a free ebook featuring my top recipes!

  * Name*

  * Email*

Δ

Hi, I'm Nisha

Here at Rainbow Plant Life, I share wildly flavorful vegan recipes,
entertaining cooking videos, and tips for making a vegan lifestyle rewarding
and easy.

hungry FOR MORE?

  
Subscribe and we’ll send you new recipes and videos every week.

And to say thanks, you’ll also get a free ebook featuring 20 of my top
recipes!

  * Name*

  * Email*

Δ

### Get The Cookbook

  * Summer
  * Recipes
    * Breakfast
    * Lunch
    * Dinner
    * Side Dishes
    * Dessert
    * Instant Pot Recipes
  * Cookbook
  * Shop
  * Lifestyle
    * Cooking
    * Veganism
    * Photography & Social Media
    * Wellness
    * Productivity
    * Personal
  * About
    * Contact
  * Stories

Contact Privacy Policy Accessibility Statement

© Copyright RainbowPlantLife 2021 | Site Credits

Design Rebecca Pollock

Development Alchemy + Aim

5 Secrets to Cooking Amazing Vegan Food

free email series

Learn the pro-tips that will take your plant-based cooking to the next level!

YES, I WANT IT!

