https://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/twice-cooked-five-spice-lamb-with-red-chiles-237099


Skip to main content

Open Navigation Menu

Menu

Story Saved

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Close Alert

Close

Twice-Cooked Five-Spice Lamb with Red Chiles

  * Recipes & Menus
  * Expert Advice
  * Ingredients
  * Holidays & Events
  * My Saved Recipes

More _Chevron_

Story Saved

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Close Alert

Close

Sign In

Search

Search

  * Recipes & Menus
  * Expert Advice
  * Ingredients
  * Holidays & Events
  * Video
  * My Saved Recipes

Bon Appétit

February 2007 Issue

# Twice-Cooked Five-Spice Lamb with Red Chiles

January 3, 2007

Save Story

save recipe

4.5

(12)

Read ReviewsTriangle

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Twice-Cooked Five-Spice Lamb with Red ChilesPornchai Mittongtare

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

 **WHAT TO DRINK:** A medium-bodied red with floral aromas and plummy flavors.
Try L'Ostal Cazes Circus Shiraz from France's Pays d'Oc ($13).

## Ingredients

Makes 8 servings

6 large meaty lamb shanks (about 7 1/2 pounds)

2/3 cup sugar

6 tablespoons plus 6 cups water, divided

1 cup soy sauce

1/2 cup black vinegar

1 (4-ounce) piece fresh ginger, peeled, sliced (about 2/3 cup)

12 whole star anise

8 large garlic cloves, peeled, crushed

4 2-inch-long small dried red chiles

2 teaspoons Chinese five-spice powder

2 green onions, thinly sliced on diagonal

### Step 1

Bring large pot of water to boil. Add lamb; reduce heat to medium and boil
gently 15 minutes. Drain. Set aside.

### Step 2

Combine sugar and 6 tablespoons water in heavy medium saucepan. Stir over
medium heat until sugar dissolves. Increase heat and boil without stirring
until caramel is deep amber color, occasionally brushing down sides of pan
with wet pastry brush and swirling pan, about 8 minutes, depending on pan.
Remove from heat; add 3 cups water, soy sauce, and black vinegar to caramel;
stir over medium heat to dissolve any caramel bits. Transfer caramel mixture
to very large wide pot. Add remaining 3 cups water, ginger, star anise,
garlic, chiles, and five-spice powder, then lamb shanks. Bring to boil (liquid
will not cover shanks completely). Reduce heat to medium-low, cover tightly,
and simmer until lamb is very tender, turning occasionally, about 3 hours.

### Step 3

Transfer lamb to work surface. Skim any fat from sauce and discard; season
sauce with salt and pepper. Remove meat from bones in bite-size pieces;
discard bones. Return meat to sauce in pot. DO AHEAD _Can be made 1 day ahead.
Cool slightly. Chill uncovered until cold, then cover and keep chilled._

### Step 4

Bring lamb and sauce to simmer; transfer to large serving bowl. Sprinkle green
onions over and serve.

How would you rate Twice-Cooked Five-Spice Lamb with Red Chiles?

Leave a Review

Tell us what you think

Reviews (12)

Back to TopTriangle

  * Holy crap, this is AMAZING! One of the best things I have ever made. The broth is reminiscent of Thai Duck Noodle Soup. I'll be playing with this flavor palette for some time to come

    * lynne.larochelle.richard5880

    * Littleton, MA

    * 8/8/2017

  * As suggested, I reduced the star anise by a third, I think that is a good suggestion. The lamb shanks, which Ive never worked with before, were delicious although the next time I make this (and I will) I will substitute beef. I love lamb but this cut is VERY greasy and even though I skimmed the fat often, the finished product was still too greasy. Great combination of flavors and I would say to go out of your way to find the black vinegar, it really adds a lot.

    * Anonymous

    * Larchmont, NY

    * 2/11/2013

  * We made this for Chinese New Year last night for 6 adults-including two experts in Chinese cuisine. It smelled delicious, it was easy, and our guests were reminiscing about the smells of their grandmother's kitchens! Excellent, easy, and apparently quite authentic. We did reduce the star anise, but I think we will be more adventurous next time and do exactly as is! We also made the bok choy recipe that accompanies and it was considered spot-on as well.

    * Anonymous

    * Zurich

    * 2/10/2013

  * Made exactly as written with one exception didn't have red peppers added hot sauce....I didn't watch the weight of the shanks and my 6 Whole Foods shanks weighted only 3.5 lbs. (This is so rich it was plenty for my 6 guests). Did not have too much star anise in last nights supper, but today's left overs, wow too much... I would make this again cutting star anise quantity in half. Served it over fried chinese vermicelli. The crunch was good with the rich texture of the lamb.

    * gardgen

    * 2/8/2010

  * I made this dish for an Iron Chef party - the secret ingredient was anise. My guests seemed to like it, but I didn't love the flavors. I made several substitutions and changes which may have influenced this: 1\. I substituted goat for lamb. This worked well and I don't think it made a huge difference in the taste. 2\. I used slightly more anise, garlic, and chiles. I wouldn't say that the anise was overwhelming, even with adding one more star. You could taste it but it blended well with the other flavors. The reason for my two star rating is more because of the slightly sweet, pungent flavor to the meat. I am not a fan of this flavoring. I tend to like a smokier, spicier, deeper flavor to my food. But if you like this kind of asian (chinese?) food, then you would probably like it.

    * Anonymous

    * Washington, DC

    * 11/2/2009

  * Sorry - in my review a minute ago I said I had followed the recipe to the letter, but that's not true \- I couldn't find black vinegar anywhere, so I used balsamic.

    * ellenok

    * Barrington, RI

    * 4/27/2008

  * Let me start by saying that I am not a big lamb eater. I can't stand the smell of it cooking, so I make it very rarely. That said, this recipe intrigued me, so I gave it a try. The initial boiling of the meat helps to minimize whatever that particular smell is, so that's a plus. I followed the recipe to the letter, except that I forgot the scallions at the end. It was delicious. My dinner guests all said it was delicious, but no one had seconds. So I'm giving it three forks. I might make it again, and I might try the same seasoning/braising recipe with beef.

    * ellenok

    * Barrington, RI

    * 4/27/2008

  * Made this for guests this past week. It was a huge hit. I did reduce the number of star anise based on a previous review and I'm glad I did because I think more would have been overwhelming (at least for us). Also made the accompanying rice recipe. Loved it.

    * Cookiegirl2

    * Indianapolis, IN

    * 3/23/2008

  * The broth in this recipe tastes like Chinese beef noodle soup broth. I don't think that the original recipe has too much star anise. I have made this twice using leg of lamb and both times it turned out wonderfully. Even my friends who aren't crazy about lamb liked this recipe.

    * Anonymous

    * Texas

    * 2/25/2008

  * This made my house smell wonderful! We'll definitely be making this again soon. I served it over white rice with sauteed pea tendrils, spooning quite a bit of broth into each bowl. I can't rave enough about this dish.

    * Anonymous

    * Vancouver, WA

    * 5/9/2007

  * This recipe with the accompaning rice and bok choy recipes were excellent and fill the room with such fragrance.

    * monicary

    * Danville, Ca

    * 3/8/2007

  * I made this for a dinner party with a bunch of gourmet cooks and got rave reviews from all of them. I did cut the number of star anise in half, since a friend on the Mainland made it and said the licorice flavor was overpowering. With the star anise reduction it was perfect. You do have to like lamb, which we all do, but I suppose you could substitute pork. I also made the baby bok choy and my own fried rice recipe. The whole dinner was a huge hit and I was intructed by all to make it again.

    * Anonymous

    * Honolulu

    * 2/18/2007

TagsChineseGarlicLambLunar New YearHot PepperAniseSoy SauceSimmerBon Appétit

Read More

Maduros (Sweet Plantains)

Depending on their level of ripeness, plantains can be savory or sweet--for
this sweet plantains recipe, look for mostly black ones.

By Kwame Onwuachi

Easy Pasta Salad

This easy pasta salad recipe will be the hit of your next potluck.

By Kelly Janke

Fluffy Chiffon Cake

You can think of the chiffon cake as angel food cake’s even fluffier cousin.

By Elizabeth Prueitt

Lemon Bars

Golden sweet-tart lemon bars are like squares of sunshine. And they’re quick
to make.

By The Gourmet Test Kitchen

Chocolate Swiss Roll

If you’ve made a rolled cake before and had anxiety because the recipe
requires you to perform cake calisthenics, this chocolate Swiss roll recipe is
for you.

By Shilpa Uskokovic

Homemade Wine Vinegar

This homemade vinegar recipe works with any type of wine--red, white, rosé, or
a mix if you find yourself with open bottles after a party.

By Kirsten K. Shockey

Puff Puff

As the name suggests, West Africa’s most popular form of fried dough is
essentially a delectable fried pillow of airy dough.

By Kwame Onwuachi

Chocolate Chip Cookies

This classic chocolate chip cookie recipe produces tender cookies with crisp,
golden edges and tons of buttery, chocolaty flavor.

By Carla Rollins

Since 1995, Epicurious has been the ultimate food resource for the home cook,
with daily kitchen tips, fun cooking videos, and, oh yeah, over 33,000
recipes.

  * Facebook

  * Twitter

  * Pinterest

  * YouTube

  * Instagram

More from Epicurious

  * Newsletters
  * Epicurious Cookware
  * Subscription FAQs

Connect

  * Careers
  * Press Center
  * Advertising
  * Masthead
  * Contact Us

  * Site Map
  * Accessibility Help
  * Condé Nast Store
  * Condé Nast Spotlight
  * Do Not Sell My Personal Info

© 2022 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes
acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement and
Your California Privacy Rights. _Epicurious_ may earn a portion of sales from
products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate
Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced,
distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior
written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

Food Innovation Group

