https://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/lamb-fry


Skip to main content

Open Navigation Menu

Menu

Story Saved

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Close Alert

Close

Lamb-Fry

  * Recipes & Menus
  * Expert Advice
  * Ingredients
  * Holidays & Events
  * My Saved Recipes

More _Chevron_

Story Saved

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Close Alert

Close

Sign In

Search

Search

  * Recipes & Menus
  * Expert Advice
  * Ingredients
  * Holidays & Events
  * Video
  * My Saved Recipes

# Lamb-Fry

By Maya Kaimal

January 26, 2017

Save Story

save recipe

4.4

(25)

Read ReviewsTriangle

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Photo by Chelsea Kyle, Food Styling by Ali Nardi

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

  * Active Time

30 minutes

  * Total Time

30 minutes

This simple lamb stir-fry is a Kerala specialty. It makes a nice light meal
when paired with rava dosa or fried puri—or serve it with dhal, chutney, and
rice for a full meal.

## Ingredients

Serves 4–6

2 cups (360g) thinly sliced onion

3 tablespoons vegetable oil

1 teaspoon minced garlic

1 teaspoon minced ginger

1 teaspoon minced green chile (serrano, Thai, or jalapeño)

3 teaspoons ground coriander

1/2 teaspoon ground cumin

1/4 teaspoon ground red pepper (cayenne)

1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper

1/16 teaspoon ground turmeric

1/16 teaspoon ground cinnamon

1/16 teaspoon ground cloves

2 tablespoons water

2 pounds (900g) cubed leg of lamb trimmed of fat (about 4 cups (3/4-inch)
cubes)

1 teaspoon salt

1/2 teaspoon fresh lemon juice

### Step 1

In a large nonstick frying pan over medium-high heat, fry onion in oil until
edges are nicely browned. Add garlic, ginger, and green chile and stir for 1
minute.

### Step 2

Mix ground spices with water to form a paste; add to onion mixture. Stir
briefly until spices release their fragrance.

### Step 3

Add lamb and salt and fry over medium heat, stirring frequently util lamb is
cooked through, 10 to 15 minutes. Taste for salt.

### Step 4

Stir in lemon juice and remove from heat.

From _Curried Favors: Family Recipes from South India_ © by Maya Kaimal.
Reprinted with permission by Abbeville Press. Buy the full book from Amazon.

How would you rate Lamb-Fry?

Leave a Review

Tell us what you think

Reviews (25)

Back to TopTriangle

  * OK, I promised to return after trying the recipe myself, with some changes. First, I started off with some really well trimmed leg of lamb. I just salted it and browned in a cast iron skillet on high. That was actually pretty tasty on its own, but I carried on. Onions were easy. Doubled the spices and tossed them into the onions and stirred to heat them, and added double the water. I let it cook with stirring for 10 minutes. Next time I'll probably cut that down to 5 minutes and maybe tweak the dry spices a bit. Good one, but I get the feeling that the recipe was written up more to be easy rather than exceptional.

    * coachdave

    * Le Mont-sur-Lausanne, Switzerland

    * 2/22/2021

  * AmandaGowen in SF - you read my mind. 100%! I haven't made the recipe yet, am making it tonight. I kept thinking about the amount of spices and cooking method, and was considering an initial searing step. Then I read your review and that is precisely what I'm going to do. Have trimmed the lamb carefully, so I'm hoping for tenderness without need for a long cooking time. In any event, thank you. Will return and advise re how it went.

    * coachdave

    * Le Mont-sur-Lausanne, Switzerland

    * 2/21/2021

  * Overall it is an easy recipe and I would make it again. I found it bland so I doubled the spices which was an easy fix and that really helped. I wish the directions had more details about cooking the lamb; we should have cooked it in smaller batches or perhaps seared it before cooking it all together, it ended up having the texture of boiled lamb because it partially steam cooked itself because there was too much in the pan. I served it with a mint cucumber salad and gobi aloo.

    * Anonymous

    * San Francisco, CA

    * 11/20/2020

  * Love this quick and delicious dinner!

    * kaykennington

    * Casa Grande AZ

    * 10/28/2020

  * This made a delicious dinner, BUT to get the lamb tender, I had to cook it about 1 hour, not 10-15 minutes. I used leg of lamb and cut it into the correct size, but at 15 minutes it was still tough! I will make it again, but will do it knowing that it will have to cook about an hour!

    * peggydobro2

    * Princeton, NJ

    * 8/25/2020

  * I had this dish at an authentic Keralan Indian restaurant and was crazy for it. I searched and found this recipe and the first time I made and tasted it, I knew it was the real deal. The only difference is there were some curry leaves in the restaurant version, but I didn't miss them. I can get them locally so one of these days I'll remember and add some in (I've made this recipe at least half a dozen times regardless). I'm especially thrilled with how easy this is to make at home. One thing: quarter the onions before slicing otherwise they get too stringy and clump up and don't distribute evenly when stirring with the lamb. One of my all-time favorites!

    * bahalana

    * Austin, TX

    * 4/24/2019

  * Easy and delicious weeknight stir-fry--I love the cinnamon/clove note in the spice mixture.

    * Anonymous

    * 10/31/2018

  * Delicious!

    * ericsean

    * West New York, NJ

    * 9/19/2017

  * Agree with the other reviewers that this is perfect as-is, well except that I made it with center-cut pork chop instead of lamb... but amazing!

    * demarcate

    * Brooklyn

    * 3/26/2017

  * This was great, even if I couldn't find lamb on such short notice and substituted skirt steak (excellent substitute btw)....even if I accidentally substituted the red jalapeno chile from another recipe I was making with the serrano chile...definitely going to try this again with proper ingredients!

    * trent880

    * Denver, CO

    * 3/8/2017

  * Made it as written and it was very good. Really like the spice mixture and am contemplating rubbing it on lamb and onion on kebabs next time and grilling to see if it turns out just as good.

    * mickeylee2

    * virginia

    * 3/3/2017

  * Excellent as written. Even with the 1/16 tsp. Will definitely make again.

    * balexander1222

    * Atascadero Ca

    * 2/28/2017

  * "1/16 teaspoon" \- seriously?

    * thejeffo1

    * 2/23/2017

  * Amazingly tasty and easy. This is a keeper!

    * balexander1222

    * Atascadero, CA

    * 2/17/2017

  * Yummy! Loved it -- easy to make. 

    * kellycorl

    * 2/12/2017

TagsIndianQuick & EasyLambSpiceCurryCorianderHot PepperOnionDinner

## See Related Recipes and Cooking Tips

  * icon

Gallery

### 71 Main Dish Recipes for Your Next Fall Dinner Party

Need a main course for your next dinner party? We have a few ideas.

  * icon

Gallery

### 59 Diwali Recipes for a Bright, Festive, and Sweet Holiday

Whether you're looking for the classics—such as gulab jamun, carrot halwa, and
jalebi—or you're interested in finding some new dishes to add to your Diwali
feast, these recipes will satisfy your sweet tooth *and* ensure you get
something savory to eat, too.

  * icon

Gallery

### 51 Lamb Recipes for Chops, Burgers, Braises, and More

Whether you're looking for a quick, hearty Tuesday night dinner or a special
meal for Easter, we've got recipes for you.

  * icon

Gallery

### 53 Ways to Make Takeout at Home

Fast, fresh dinners inspired by our favorite delivery foods.

  * icon

Gallery

### 119 COOK90 Dinners

These easy weeknight meals, genius ideas for nextovers, and indulgent weekend
feasts will power you through COOK90.

  * icon

Gallery

### What to Cook This Weekend: February 23-25

A comforting chicken and rice stew, Instant Pot shrimp scampi, and the
fluffiest biscuits you've ever had.

  * ### Here's Why My Kids Eat Indian Food Almost Every Night

Chicago-based cookbook author Anupy Singla changed careers in order to change
her family's eating habits. It worked.

  * icon

Gallery

### 47 Incredible Indian Recipes

Indian food is as vast and varied as the subcontinent itself; these 47 recipes
are just a starting point.

  * icon

Gallery

### 41 of Our Best Lamb Recipes

From chops to roasts to patties, this is the meat you want to eat.

Chevron

Chevron

Read More

Kung Pao Chicken

Kung pao chicken is a beloved Chinese take-out staple, but its balance of
salt, sweet, tang, and heat is easy to re-create at home.

By Diana Kuan

Ratatouille

This simple ratatouille recipe combines summer vegetables into an easy,
flavorful stew that can be served as an appetizer, main, or side dish.

By The Gourmet Test Kitchen

Mango Sticky Rice

By The Gourmet Test Kitchen

Maduros (Sweet Plantains)

Depending on their level of ripeness, plantains can be savory or sweet--for
this sweet plantains recipe, look for mostly black ones.

By Kwame Onwuachi

Carrot-Ginger Shrub

Pair this sweet, slightly spicy carrot-ginger shrub with vodka or gin, or use
it in salad dressing with olive oil, salt, and pepper.

By Michael Dietsch

15-Minute Burst Cherry Tomato Pasta

Juicy and sweet cherry tomatoes burst open in warm olive oil, creating a
luxuriously silky sauce that comes together in minutes.

By Anna Stockwell

Maple Whiskey Chicken Lollipops

Seasoned, smoked, and slicked with a simple maple whiskey glaze, these chicken
lollipops are epic for any summer celebration.

By Derek Wolf

Smoked Sweet Potatoes

Sweet potatoes get a subtle smoky flavor that's delicious with a brown sugar
butter drizzle.

By Derek Wolf

Since 1995, Epicurious has been the ultimate food resource for the home cook,
with daily kitchen tips, fun cooking videos, and, oh yeah, over 33,000
recipes.

  * Facebook

  * Twitter

  * Pinterest

  * YouTube

  * Instagram

More from Epicurious

  * Newsletters
  * Epicurious Cookware
  * Subscription FAQs

Connect

  * Careers
  * Press Center
  * Advertising
  * Masthead
  * Contact Us

  * Site Map
  * Accessibility Help
  * Condé Nast Store
  * Condé Nast Spotlight
  * Do Not Sell My Personal Info

© 2022 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes
acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement and
Your California Privacy Rights. _Epicurious_ may earn a portion of sales from
products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate
Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced,
distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior
written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

Food Innovation Group

