https://oliofarchioni.com/en/recipes/fried-lamb-chops/


  * Our Values

  * Products

  * Sustainability

  * Mill

  * Chain

  * Olive Oil Culture

  * Recipes

  * Olive Oil for Pastry

  * Store Farchioni

  * #FarchioniCares

English

  * Italiano

#### Browse by lines

  * Farchioni

  * Il Casolare

  * Le Selezioni

  * Alta Ristorazione

#### Browse by type

  * Cold Pressed

  * Organic

  * PDO

  * Flavoured

Close

# Fried lamb chops: a delicious recipe

## Fried lamb chops: a delicious recipe

Olio Farchioni

4.67 from 3 votes

Lamb chops are a great classic: you can cook them in many different ways, but
frying them will give you the yummiest result.

Print Recipe

Prep Time 10 mins

Cook Time 5 mins

Total Time 15 mins

Course Main Course

Cuisine Italian

Servings 4 people

Calories 250 kcal

### Equipment

  * Bowl

  * Pan

  * Kitchen paper

### Ingredients



  * 8 lamb chops
  * 2 eggs
  * flour "all-purpose" to taste
  * breadcrumbs to taste
  * 1 tbsp parmesan
  * salt to taste
  * pepper to taste
  * olive oil to taste

### Instructions



  * Beat the eggs in a bowl.

  * Add parmesan and pepper. 

  * Mix until smooth. 

  * Coat the chops with flour, beating them lightly to remove excess flour. 

  * Dip them in the beaten eggs, holding them by the bone. 

  * Coat them with breadcrumbs, then again with eggs and breadcrumbs. 

  * Fill a pan with olive oil. 

  * When the oil sizzles put the chops in and let them fry for about 5 minutes. 

  * Remove the chops from the pan and place them on a tray with kitchen paper.

  * Add salt and serve hot. 

Fried Lamb chops are a great classic: you can cook them in many different
ways, but frying them will give you the yummiest result. In addition, they are
simple and quick to prepare. Before moving on to the actual recipe, here are 5
tricks to get them right.

## 1) Fried Lamb chops should be coated in flour

The chops need to be dipped twice in beaten eggs and breadcrumbs. Before that,
though, we recommend that you coat them with all-purpose flour, so that
breadcrumbs can firmly stick to the meat.

## 2) Lamb chops should be fried in olive oil

There are many schools of thought in this regard, but you can rest assured
that the ideal oil for frying is olive oil. Because of its high smoke point,
it withstands high temperatures without degrading or releasing harmful
substances.

## 3) Select a light olive oil

A strong olive oil would cover the taste of meat. We used the Farchioni olive
oil; thanks to its delicate flavor and slightly fruity taste your chops will
be light and not greasy.

## 4) Heat your oil very well

It is essential for the oil to reach a frying temperature of 170 °C. This is
necessary to allow for the formation of a crust which, besides being tasty and
crunchy, will prevent the penetration of oil onto the meat. Your chops will
turn soggy if fried in lukewarm oil. If you do not have a suitable
thermometer, just dip a toothpick in the oil: if you see bubbles forming, then
the oil is ready.

## 5) You will need a lot of oil

The chops should be completely immersed in oil if you want them golden and
crisp. This is why it is best to fry a few chops at a time. Don’t fry them all
together to save time!

  

Now that you know all the secrets for perfect fried lamb chops… let’s get to
the recipe!

  
  

## Acquistalo Ora sul nostro Eshop

Acquista ora

#### A company of people

Want to meet us or have more information?  
Contact us now.

#### QAS Certifications

For further information on QAS certifications click on the logo.

Farchioni Olii S.p.A. Giano dell’Umbria Perugia - Italy 06030 Via B. Buozzi,
10 - P. I. 00522110543

  * Legal and Privacy

  * Cookie Policy

  * Join Us

  * Contacts

## Honey muffins

0 Min

Preparation

0

Servings

0 Min

Cooking

## Ingredients

  * __ 200 gms cornstarch 
  * __ 400 gms flour 
  * __ 350 gms sugar 
  * __ 250 ml milk 
  * __ 4 eggs 
  * __ 1 sachet of yeast 
  * __ 250 ml Farchioni vanilla-flavored EVO oil
  * __ 1 jar of honey 
  * __ muffin molds

## Procedure

  * __ Beat sugar and eggs in a bowl until smooth.
  * __ Add milk then oil while stirring.
  * __ In a separate bowl, mix cornstarch, flour and yeast.
  * __ Stir the mix in.
  * __ Pour into the muffin molds.
  * __ Bake for 10 minutes at 180 degrees.
  * __ When the muffins have cooled, top them with honey.

## Soft pie crust

0 Min

Preparation

0

Servings

0 Min

Cooking

## Ingredients

  * __ 2 whole eggs 
  * __ 180 gms sugar 
  * __ 100 gms Olio d’Oliva Farchioni Speciale per Dolci 
  * __ 100 gms hot milk 
  * __ 200 gms flour 
  * __ 50 gms rice flour 
  * __ 8 gms yeast

## Procedure

  * __ Beat eggs and sugar until frothy. 
  * __ Add the oil and mix.
  * __ Heat the milk and stir it in.
  * __ Gently blend flour and yeast into the mixture.
  * __ Pour into a 20cm mold.
  * __ Bake for 50 minutes at 180 degrees in a ventilated oven.

## Apple pie with olive oil

0 Min

Preparation

0

Servings

0 Min

Cooking

## Ingredients

  * __ 4 apples 
  * __ juice of 1 lemon 
  * __ 4 eggs 
  * __ 180 gms sugar + 2 spoonfuls for the apples 
  * __ 120 ml of cinnamon-flavored Farchioni extra virgin olive oil 
  * __ 240 gms all-purpose flour 
  * __ 8 gms baking powder 
  * __ 1/2 teaspoon cardamom powder 
  * __ 1 pinch of salt
  * __ enough butter to grease the pan 
  * __ 2 tablespoons of apricot jelly

## Procedure

  * __ Heat the oven to 180 ° C. 
  * __ Cut 3 apples into thin slices. 
  * __ Sprinkle the apples with the juice of 1 lemon and 2 tablespoons of sugar; mix and set aside.
  * __ Beat eggs and sugar until fluffy.
  * __ Gently pour the mix into the cinnamon flavored extra virgin olive oil, add flour, baking powder, cardamom and salt.
  * __ Add the apples and stir gently. 
  * __ Grease a 26cm cake pan and fill it with the mix. 
  * __ Peel an apple and cut it into very thin slices to decorate the surface of the cake (you can arrange the slices in concentric circles, starting from the outside). 
  * __ Place the pie in the oven and cook for about 50 minutes. 
  * __ When it is ready, let it cool for 10 minutes on a wire rack. 
  * __ Remove it from the pan and move it to a plate.

## CHEF’S ADVICE

Slowly heat the apricot jelly in a saucepan with 2 tablespoons of water until
it comes to a boil. Turn the heat off and brush your pie with the jelly
reduction: it will make your apples shiny. Let the pie cool completely before
slicing it.

We use cookies on our website to offer you the most relevant experience by
remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking on "Accept all
cookies" you consent to the use of ALL cookies - Read more

SettingsAccept all

Manage consent

Close

#### Privacy Overview

This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate
through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as
necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of
basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that
help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be
stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to
opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an
effect on your browsing experience.

Necessary

Necessary

Always Enabled

Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function
properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic
functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not
store any personal information.

Marketing

marketing

Marketing cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing
campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect
information to provide customized ads. Cookie| Duration| Description  
---|---|---  
_fbp| 3 months| This cookie is set by Facebook to display advertisements when
either on Facebook or on a digital platform powered by Facebook advertising,
after visiting the website.  
_gcl_au| 3 months| Provided by Google Tag Manager to experiment advertisement
efficiency of websites using their services.  
  
Save & Accept

