https://zestfulkitchen.com/pan-fried-lamb-chops-recipe/


Skip to content

Zestful Kitchen | A food blog with healthy recipes and cooking tips

  * Recipes
    * Breakfast
    * Appetizers & Snacks
    * Lunch & Dinner
    * Side Dishes
    * Dessert
    * Drinks & Cocktails
    * Salads
    * Pasta & Noodles
    * 30-Minute
    * By Method
    * By Recipe Type
    * By Cuisine
  * Cooking Tips
  * Menu Ideas
  * Shop
  * About
  * Subscribe
  *   * Search for

Search for

FacebookPinTweetEmail

Lunch & Dinner

# Pan-Fried Lamb Chops with Fennel & Rosemary

Author Lauren Grant

Date May 6, 2020

Jump to RecipeFavorite

This recipe for pan-fried lamb rib chops, also called lollipops, is made all
in one pan. They’re almost too easy to make! The flavors are simple—whole
garlic cloves, rosemary sprigs and fennel seeds—but a brief stint in ripping
hot olive oil builds a wonderful foundation of flavor for the chops to get
seared in.

_This post was sponsored by the_ _American Lamb Board_ _, as always the
thoughts, opinions, recipes, photos, and content are all my own._

Pan-fried lambs chops may be my favorite way to enjoy lamb. Aside from the
fact that they cook incredibly fast (which I love), lamb rib chops have the
perfect balance of fattiness to meatiness, they sear up incredibly well, and a
couple of chops are all you need per person for a meal thanks to how flavorful
they are. Served with a simple side dish and this quick lamb dinner can be as
casual or elegant as you’d like.

## Buying lamb rib chops

Alright, before we even get started cooking these chops, we first need to chat
briefly about what _kind_ of chops you’ll need. This recipe uses lamb _rib_
chops, which are also often referred to as lamb lollipops.

Lamb rib chops are smaller than the other two types of lamb chops—shoulder
chops and loin chops—and feature a long slender rib, giving them that
“lollipop” look. They might be small, but don’t let thay fool you on how much
flavor they have.

Lamb rib chops are cut from the rack of lamb, or the top part of the back
attached to the ribs. This cut of meat is incredibly tender and flavorful.

Most often when you purchase either a rack of lamb or lamb rib chops, the
chops have been “frenched.” When rack of lamb or lamb chops are frenched it
means the last inch or so of meat attached to the ends of the ribs have been
trimmed away, leaving a bare bone. This French trimming method givesg the
chops a more refined, elegant look. You can easily do this yourself, but
nowadays lamb rib chops are already sold this way, or your butcher can do it
for you quick.

This recipe calls for single rib chops, but you can also use double lamb rib
chops for a bigger cut of meat. And if you can’t find lamb rib chops, you can
also use lamb loin chops—they’ll just need a bit more time in the skillet.

When purchasing any kind of meat, I try to be very intentional to choose my
meat based on quality and where it’s from. When it comes to lamb, I always
seek out American Lamb to support American farmers and because the quality is
top notch.

## How to pan-fry lamb rib chops

The process of pan-frying rib chops couldn’t be simpler. Most recipes call for
a neutral, high-heat oil like vegetable, canola or grapeseed to fry them in.
Olive oil generally isn’t suited for searing things over high heat because it
has a lower smokepoint than, say, grapseed oil.  But since they cook so
quickly, I prefer to sear lamb rib chops in olive oil—it’s healthier, which
I’m all about, and it adds more flavor than any of those oils I just mentioned
will.

The key to making really good pan-seared lamb rib chops is to get a cast-iron
skillet ripping hot before adding the chops.  Since these chops are smaller,
they cook faster. Which means we have a small cooking window to infuse these
chops with flavor and get some nice browning on them.

_**Cooking them in a really hot skillet is essential for getting a nice golden
sear on them. And we want that sear because browning equals flavor.**_  

### **Let’s walk through the 5 simple steps to pan-searing lamb rib chops:**

  1. Preheat a large cast-iron skillet. 
  2. Meanwhile, season the lamb with salt and pepper (be generous!)
  3. Pull together the remaining ingredients—oil, garlic cloves, rosemary sprigs, and fennel seeds. 
  4. Add oil to the pan and swirl to coat. Add garlic, rosemary and fennel and cook 1 minute, stirring frequently. 
  5. Add chops and cook until deep golden brown on both sides. 

## How long to pan-fry lamb chops

There are a few things that will determine how long lamb rib chops should cook
in a pan: _thickness of chops and how you prefer your lamb to be cooked.  _

A good rule of thumb to follow for single-cut rib chops is **1½ minutes per
side over medium-high heat**. This length of time and temperature will result
in medium-rare chops.

If you like lamb on the rare side, drop the cook time down to one minute per
side. Conversly, if you prefer lamb to be prepared medium, or medium well cook
for 2–2 ½ minutes per side.

And lastly, if you choose to use double ribs chops, sear the meat on all four
sides, about 2 minutes per side

## What temperature to cook lamb rib chops to

Single lamb rib chops cook so quickly that checking the internal temperature
can be more of a hassle than helpful sometimes. But if you have an instant-
read thermometer, go right ahead and use it! Using temperature as a guide for
cooking meat is always a good idea.

Lamb rib chops are best served medium-rare or medium. Any more and the meat
will start to dry out and lose some of its tenderness (which is what makes
them so good!).

### **Here are internal temperature guidelines for lamb:**

  * 125°F for rare
  * 135°F for medium-rare
  * 140°F for medium

## What to serve with lamb chops

  * Mashed Celery Root Potatoes
  * Easy Roasted Green Beans with Lemon & Garlic
  * Garlic Naan Bread
  * Kale Salad with Apples, Pistachios & Goat Cheese
  * Roasted Garlicky Brussels Sprouts
  * Miso & Za’atar Potato Salad

If these chops aren’t reason enough, **The American Lamb Board has launched**
**#TheLambChallenge, a giveaway to help you find inspiration in the kitchen**
** _and_** **to support America’s Farmers and Ranchers.  **

**Here are the deets:**  
Try two different lamb dishes, or two different cuts and…

  * Double a lamb recipe to share with another family (or save for a quick anytime meal)
  * Experiment in the kitchen with a new lamb recipe (or make your own!), think grilling, roasting, braising

— Share your two lamb meals on Instagram using the **#TheLambChallenge**
hashtag and tagging **@FanofLamb** , **by June 30.   **  
— 10 lucky winners that complete the challenge will receive a $200 gift
certificate to their favorite restaurant or butcher shop!  
— PLUS, for every person that completes the challenge, the American Lamb Board
will donate $50 to Feeding America.

Print

clock clock iconcutlery cutlery iconflag flag iconfolder folder iconinstagram
instagram iconpinterest pinterest iconfacebook facebook iconprint print
iconsquares squares iconheart heart iconheart solid heart solid icon

## Pan-Fried Lamb Chops with Fennel & Rosemary

★★★★★ 5 from 4 reviews

  * Author: Lauren
  * Prep Time: 5 minutes
  * Cook Time: 10 minutes
  * Total Time: 15 minutes
  * Yield: 4 servings 1x
  * Category: Entrée
  * Method: Stove-top
  * Cuisine: American
  * Diet: Gluten Free

Print Recipe

Pin Recipe

* * *

### Description

A go-to recipe for lamb rib chops that can be as elegant and refined or as
casual and quick as you'd like. The key is to drop the chops in a preheated
cast-iron skillet to achieve that crispy golden exterior. And don't forget the
garlic, fennel seeds and a few sprigs of whatever hearty herbs you have on
hand—these are the major flavor players.

* * *

### Ingredients

Scale 1x2x3x

  * 3 tablespoons olive oil
  * 3 cloves garlic, smashed
  * 2 sprigs rosemary 
  * 1 teaspoon fennel seeds
  * 1 lemon, sliced
  * 8 American lamb rib chops, ¾- to 1-inch think, seasoned with kosher salt and black pepper

* * *

### Instructions

Heat a large cast-iron skillet (12-inch) over medium heat for 5 minutes. Add
oil, garlic, rosemary and fennel seeds and cook 1 minute.

Increase heat to medium-high; add rib chops in a single layer and cook until
golden brown on first side, 1½–2 minutes. Move garlic and rosemary around the
pan to avoid burning, setting on top of chops if needed. Flip chops and
continue to cook until golden brown on second side, 1½–2 minutes more.

If you have an instant-read thermometer, cook to desired doneness by
temperature; insert the thermometer into the center of the meat, but not
touching the bone (125°F for rare, 135°F medium-rare, and 140°F for medium).

Transfer chops to a serving platter and drizzle oil and spices over top. Add
lemon slices to now-empty hot pan and sear for 1 minute on each side; add to
platter with chops and serve.

* * *

### Notes

Make sure the lamb rib chops are French trimmed (the last inch or so of meat
attached to the ends of the ribs have been trimmed away, leaving a bare bone.)
Your butcher can do this for you as well.

* * *

### Nutrition

  * **Serving Size:** 2 rib chops
  * **Calories:** 346
  * **Sugar:** 0g
  * **Sodium:** 120mg
  * **Fat:** 22g
  * **Saturated Fat:** 6g
  * **Carbohydrates:** 0g
  * **Fiber:** 0g
  * **Protein:** 35g
  * **Cholesterol:** 113mg

_**Keywords:** lamb rib chop, pan-fried lamb rib chops, lamb lollipops, lamb
chops,_

### Did you make this recipe?

**Leave a comment below and tag@zestfulkitchen on Instagram and hashtag it
#zestfulkitchen!**

Recipe Card powered by

Make sure to tag me @ZESTFULKITCHEN ON INSTAGRAM or tag #zestfulkitchen on
social media if you make a recipe!

Don’t forget, if you make these Lamb Rib Chops, leave a comment and rating
below!

To **pin this recipe** and save it for later, you can click the button on any
of the photos, or the red button on the bar below the recipe. Happy cooking!

Original Post Date May 6, 2020Updated Post Date March 8, 2022

### Share it with the world

FacebookPinTweetEmail

#### About The Author

Lauren Grant is a professional culinary food scientist, food writer, recipe
developer, and food photographer. Lauren is a previous magazine editor and
test kitchen developer and has had work published in major national
publications including Diabetic Living Magazine, Midwest Living Magazine,
Cuisine at Home Magazine, EatingWell.com, AmericasTestKitchen.com, and more.

Learn More

### Leave a comment Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe rating _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_

How many stars would you give this recipe? How many stars would you give this
recipe?  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

### Comments

  1. **Lauren Nagel** says:

May 13, 2020 at 8:55 pm

Wow!!! Just WOW!!!

★★★★★

Reply

  2. **Emily Bruno** says:

May 23, 2020 at 10:14 pm

These were as beautiful as they were delicious!

★★★★★

Reply

    1. **Lauren Grant** says:

May 27, 2020 at 11:32 am

Oh yay! I love to hear that!

Reply

  3. **Tawnie Kroll** says:

May 26, 2020 at 10:26 am

We love lamb and this is one of our new favorite recipes! Thank you!

★★★★★

Reply

    1. **Lauren Grant** says:

May 27, 2020 at 11:32 am

Lamb makes the perfect dinner! So glad you enjoyed it!

Reply

  4. **Alicia Johnson** says:

July 17, 2021 at 4:47 pm

Made these the other night and they were phenomenal. Flavor was good. My
daughter and hubby loved the lamb!

★★★★★

Reply

## Healthy-ish: where wholesome ingredients & kitchen curiosity intersect.

more about ZK

  *   *   *   * 

## Top Recipes

Desserts

### Blueberry–Lemon Curd Tart

Baking

### Healthy Blueberry Lemon Muffins

Breakfast

### Actually Healthy Bran Muffins

Lunch & Dinner

### Hungarian Mushroom Soup

## Seasonal Recipes

Salad Recipes

### Super-Green Green Goddess Salad

Salad Recipes

### Simple Radish Salad with Herbs

Easter

### Triple Pea Salad with Whipped Goat Cheese

Lunch & Dinner

### Greek Orzo Pasta Salad

## Related Recipes

Thai-Inspired

### Healthy Chicken Larb (Larb Gai)

Middle Eastern-Inspired

### Beef Kofta Kebab with Herbs and Naan

Dinner Salads

### Simple Tuna Nicoise Salad with Dill Vinaigrette

Sheet Pan

### Simple Sheet Pan Sausage and Veggies

Zestful Kitchen | A food blog with healthy recipes and cooking tips

  * Recipes
  * Cooking Tips
  * About
  * Press
  * Subscribe

  *   *   *   * 

(C) 2022 Zestful Kitchen.

  * Privacy Policy
  * Accessibility Policy

