https://masalachilli.com/tom-kha-soup-recipe/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

Masalachilli

  * Home
  * About Me
  * All Recipes
  * Contact us
  * Search

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * About Me
  * All Recipes
  * Contact us

×

Home » Soup Recipes » Tom Kha Soup Recipe (Vegan Thai Coconut Soup)

# Tom Kha Soup Recipe (Vegan Thai Coconut Soup)

By Vidya Narayan | August 23, 2021 | Last Updated: March 21, 2022

37 shares

  *   *   * 37
  *   * 

Jump to RecipePrint Recipe

Step by Step Recipe to Make Thai Style Tom Kha Soup - Vegan Coconut Milk Soup
with assorted Vegetables. Nourishing, satisfying and comforting Soup for all
Thai Food lovers.

Tom Kha Soup Recipe is a spicy, hot and sour soup from the Thai Cuisine. Made
with assorted vegetables in a flavorful coconut milk broth, this soup is
Vegetarian and Vegan. A must try recipe for the Soup Season.

If you are fans of Thai food or recipes using Coconut Milk, this soup will be
a clear winner. It is incredibly flavorful and aromatic. It is also
nourishing, healthy and loaded with vegetables. It provides warmth on cold
winter evenings or when you are feeling under the weather.

This soup is perfect for easy weeknight dinners when you want something quick
on the dinner table. The vegetables can be chopped or prepped a day ahead.

We love the soup with a crusty toasted sourdough or some garlic bread.
Sometimes I serve these with cooked rice or soba noodles as a meal.

Jump to:

  * Meaning of Tom Kha
  * Tom Kha Soup Ingredients
  * Stepwise - How to Make Vegan Tom Kha Soup Recipe
  * Serving Suggestions 
  * FAQ's
  * Vegetarian Soup Recipes to Try
  * Tom Kha Soup Recipe (Vegan Thai Coconut Soup)

This soup is quite close to Kerala Style Vegetable Stew which is made with
vegetables, spices and coconut milk. The Stew is served with string hoppers
(rice noodles) and / or rice.

Tom Kha soup recipe calls for specific ingredients for the authentic Thai
taste and flavor. The ingredients can be easily sourced in local supermarkets
or Asian Stores.

If you are an avid food lover, taking that extra mile to source specific
ingredients isn't a challenge. Especially when the end result (soup) tastes so
good!

## Meaning of Tom Kha

Tom refers to "soup" or "boiled" and Kha refers to "galangal". The Tom Kha
recipe that I am sharing is a vegetarian one. Traditionally this soup is made
with chicken and is referred to as Tom Kha Gai.

## Tom Kha Soup Ingredients

The ingredients for making the soup can be easily sourced from an Asian
Grocery Store or Supermarket. The herbs and aromatics make all the difference,
giving it that authentic taste and flavor, just like you taste in a Thai
Restaurant.

The complete set of ingredients are provided in the recipe card below.

**Mushrooms** \- Meaty mushrooms add flavor and taste to the broth like soup.
I have used Button Mushrooms. You can use Cremini or any other variety which
is available easily.

**Vegetables** \- Carrots, bell peppers (yellow and red) and baby corn are
used for the recipe. Bulk up the soup, if serving as a meal with some rice
noodles.

**Unsweetened Coconut Milk** \- This recipe requires Coconut Milk. I wouldn't
recommend Coconut Cream. I have used store bought canned coconut milk.

In Supermarkets look for Thai Kitchen (has Organic Coconut Milk too) and Kara.

If using homemade, use the 1st extract for this recipe.

The flavor of coconut milk is the key element of this soup and forms the base
of the broth.

**Galangal** \- Close cousin of ginger and turmeric, this is the key spice in
Thai Cuisine.

**Kaffir Lime Leaves** \- I have used fresh leaves. It flavors the broth. If
you are unable to find it, add lime zest.

**Lemon Grass** \- It is lightly crushed and added to the simmering soup.
Combined with Kaffir lime leaves, it accentuates the citrusy aroma of the
soup.

**Thai Basil** \- It is an optional ingredient. I personally like to add it as
it flavors the broth. Don't use Italian Basil for this recipe.

**Bird's eye Chilli** \- The small red bird eye's chilli is what gives the
soup some heat. You can remove the seeds and add the chilli, if you find it
too overpowering.

**Lemon Juice and Soy Sauce** \- These ingredients make up for the "sour"
element of the soup. Originally, fish sauce is used. I have replaced it with
soy sauce and lemon juice (vegetarian). For gluten-free recipe, use Tamari.

**Stock** \- Use good quality, low sodium broth or vegetable stock for this
recipe. Stock cubes or better than Bouillon base (vegetarian) can be used as
well.

## Stepwise - How to Make Vegan Tom Kha Soup Recipe

Step 1 - Finely chop all the ingredients (galangal, ginger, garlic, thai bird
eye chilli). Tear the kaffir lime leaves. Crush the lemongrass lightly with a
pestle and slice the onions.

Step 2 - Saute the ingredients in coconut oil.

Step 3 & 4 - Add the chopped vegetables (Peppers, corn, carrot and mushrooms),
vegetable stock and lemongrass.

Step 5 & 6 - Once the vegetables have cooked, add the condiments. Mix well and
remove the lemongrass stick with a pair of tongs.

Step 7 & 8 - Add Coconut milk, Mix well, allow it to simmer for a couple of
minutes before switching off the flame.

## Serving Suggestions

You can serve this soup with cooked rice noodles or soba noodles as lunch
(complete meal).

As an appetizer, you can serve this with Garlic Knots and Cloverleaf Rolls
(yeast dinner rolls). This combination is ideal if you are feeling under the
weather and need some comfort food.

If you are in the mood for an Asian Fusion Meal, serve the soup as appetizer
with Indo Chinese Main Course like Chilli Garlic Noodles or Vegetable Fried
Rice and Mixed Vegetables in Hot Garlic Sauce.

## FAQ's

**Does Tom Kha Soup have sugar?**

Yes. To balance the sour elements, sugar is added. However, the soup does not
taste sweet.

**Is Tom Kha Soup Keto?**

The soup uses coconut milk which is high in fat but low on carbs. For a 100%
Keto Recipe, use Stevia instead of sugar.

**Is Tom Kha Soup Vegan?**

The Soup is vegetarian and Vegan.

**Is Tom Kha Soup Spicy?**

Thai Chillies can be added or replaced with jalapenos or any suitable variety
of chillies. Alternatively, you can de-seed the chillies to reduce heat. The
soup is a good blend of sour and spicy.

**Is Tom Kha Soup Dairy Free?**

The soup is Dairy Free as Coconut Milk and Vegetable broth are used for making
the soup. It is also nut-free.

## Vegetarian Soup Recipes to Try

Tomato Bisque (Vegan Tomato Soup)

Vegetarian Taco Soup

Instant Pot Carrot Ginger Soup

Mushroom Soup \- Vegan and GF

Hot and Sour Soup \- Chinese Style Vegetarian Soup

Instant Pot Minestrone Soup \- Soup made with Vegetables, Pasta and Beans

Pumpkin Soup Recipe \- Perfect for Fall / Winter Season

Please take a moment to  **LEAVE A COMMENT**  and a  **STAR * rating  **on the
blog. It would encourage others to try the recipe or you could  **TAG US  **on
any of our social media handles **  –INSTAGRAM, TWITTER, FACEBOOK PAGE AND
PINTEREST.**

## Tom Kha Soup Recipe (Vegan Thai Coconut Soup)

Vidya Narayan

Tom Kha Soup Recipe is a spicy, hot and sour soup from Thai Cuisine. Made with
assorted vegetables in a flavorful coconut milk broth, this soup is Vegetarian
and Vegan.

5 from 6 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 20 mins

Cook Time 15 mins

Total Time 35 mins

Course Appetizer, Soup

Cuisine Thai

Servings 5 servings

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * 1 ½ tbsp Coconut Oil 
  * 1 Onion medium size, finely sliced
  * 2 Garlic Cloves  finely chopped 
  * 2 tsp Galangal finely chopped 
  * 2 tsp Ginger finely chopped 
  * 2 Birds Eye Chilli  finely chopped 
  * 3 Kaffir Lime Leaves  washed, dried and each torn into two pieces 
  * 1 Lemon Grass Stalk  3 inch size (to be lightly crushed with a pestle)
  * 150  gms  Button Mushrooms  Sliced 
  * 1 Carrot  medium size, diced 
  * ¾ cup Peppers  Yellow and Red Peppers (de-seed, cut lengthwise/strips) 
  * 6 Baby Corns  roughly chopped into 1 inch pieces 
  * 3 cups Vegetable Stock 
  * 1 tsp Soy Sauce Use Tamari for gluten-free 
  * 1 tsp Brown Sugar 
  * 1 tsp Lemon Juice 
  * Salt to Taste
  * 200 ml  Coconut Milk  Unsweetened (Read notes below)

#### 1 cup is 250 ml, 1 tbsp 15 ml, 1 tsp 5 ml

### Instructions



  * Heat a pan, add coconut oil. Now add sliced onions, garlic, ginger, galangal, chilli and saute for a couple of mins until the onions are translucent. 

  * Into the pan, add the chopped vegetables (Peppers, corn, carrot and mushrooms), vegetable stock and lemongrass. 

  * Let the soup simmer for 5 to 7 minutes (low heat, covered). 

  * Once the vegetables have cooked, add soy, sugar and lemon juice. Season with salt. 

  * Taste and adjust seasoning, if required. 

  * Carefully remove and discard the lemon grass stalk with a pair of tongs. 

  * Now add Coconut milk, Mix well, allow it to simmer for a couple of minutes before switching off the flame. 

### Notes

  1. The soup serves 4 as appetizer. 
  2. I have used Canned Coconut Milk and not Coconut Cream. You can use high fat or low fat coconut milk for this recipe, as per your preference. If making at home from scratch, use the 1st extract. 
  3. If you are unable to source Kaffir Lime Leaves, add lime zest (1 tsp). 
  4. Use good quality, low sodium broth or vegetable stock for this recipe. You can also used stock cubes or better than Bouillon base (vegetarian).
  5. Increase the quantity of ginger if you are unable to source Galangal. 
  6. After Coconut milk is added to the soup, do not simmer for longer or leave the stove unattended. Coconut milk has the tendency to split if boiled or simmered for long.
  7. Adding sugar is required to balance the sour taste and heat. 
  8. Leftovers and Storage - Once cool, leftovers can be stored in the refrigerator. It stays fresh for a couple of days. Can be reheated in a microwave and / or stove top (on low heat). 

Keyword Tom Kha Soup Recipe, Vegan Thai Coconut Soup

Tried this recipe?Share your feedback @masalachilli_vidyanarayan or tag
#masalachilli_vidyanarayan

Please subscribe to our website to receive all the delicious recipes in your
mail box.

We will be back again with yet another exciting recipe .. Until then, stay
healthy and happy!

**Vidya Narayan**

« Almond Flour Ladoo | Badam Laddu

Instant Pot Chana Dal Recipe (Split Chickpeas) »

37 shares

  *   *   * 37
  *   * 

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Megan Ellam

September 07, 2021 at 6:28 am

  
This is my kind of soup! Thanks for another great recipe.

Reply

    * Vidya Narayan

September 07, 2021 at 6:02 pm

I am glad to hear that. Thank you Megan.

Reply

  2. AISilva

September 07, 2021 at 7:23 am

  
My kids love soup but I've never tried making a vegan thai coconut soup
before. This Tom Kha soup recipe sounds amazing, and I'll be making it this
week!

Reply

    * Vidya Narayan

September 07, 2021 at 6:04 pm

I hope you and kids enjoy this soup. It is a family favorite Anneke. Thank you
so much.

Reply

  3. Andrea

September 07, 2021 at 7:32 am

  
What hearty and comforting soup. I really love all the veggies you put in it.

Reply

    * Vidya Narayan

September 07, 2021 at 6:04 pm

thank you, we love it!

Reply

  4. Beth

September 07, 2021 at 8:16 am

  
This looks and sound so good. Where can I find bird's eye chili?

Reply

    * Vidya Narayan

September 07, 2021 at 6:06 pm

Thanks, you can find the chili in Asian Grocery Stores, the ones that
particularly sell Thai produce. Also check supermarkets. If you are unable to
source it, please replace with red chilli flakes. Some heat is recommended for
this soup.

Reply

  5. Tawnie Kroll

September 07, 2021 at 8:31 am

  
Made this last night and everyone loved it! Easy to make and full of flavor.
Thanks!!

Reply

    * Vidya Narayan

September 07, 2021 at 6:07 pm

I am happy to hear that Tawnie. Thank you for sharing your feedback.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

### Welcome

Hi Everyone, I am Vidya Narayan & Welcome to my blog MasalaChilli. Born in a
Traditional Palakkad Iyer (South Indian) Family with strong value systems to
an exceptionally strong and independent Single Mom, spent most of my childhood
studying well (as most Iyer girls do). Read More

### Subscribe

Fresh & yummy veg recipes straight into your inbox!

### Search

Search

### Popular Recipes

  * Chana Masala (Easy Indian Chickpea Curry)
  * Oats Chilla (Easy Indian Breakfast Recipe with Oats )
  * Jeera Rice | Indian Cumin Rice (Instant Pot + Stove Top)
  * Aadi Masam Recipes - Significance of Festival and Important Days
  * Kale Potato Sabzi (Stir Fried Kale and Potato)
  * Revitalizing Pineapple Ginger Smoothie
  * Moong Dal Recipe (Instant Pot)
  * Chickpea Salad Recipe (No Oil, Vegan)
  * Instant Pot Chickpeas (Soft and Buttery)
  * Instant Pot Chana Dal Recipe (Split Chickpeas)

### Browse

Browse Select Category Accompaniments After School Snack Recipes Air Fryer
Recipes Baking Recipes Beverages Breads Breakfast Ideas Chaat Recipes Chinese
Recipes Chutney / Podi Recipes Condiments Cookies Desserts / Sweets Diabetic
Friendly Recipes Dinner Recipes Drinks Eggless Cake Festival Recipes    Aadi
Masam Recipes    Avani Avittam Recipes    Christmas    Diwali Recipes
Fasting Recipes    Ganesh Chaturthi Recipes    Holi    Krishna Jayanti /
Gokulashtami Recipes    Navaratri Recipes    Onam    Prasad Recipes    Ram
Navami Recipes    Vishu Flatbreads Gluten Free Recipes Gujarati Recipes
Healthy Desserts Healthy, Low Oil & Diabetic Recipes Homemade Masala Recipes
Indian Breads Indian Regional Cuisine    Kerala Recipes    Maharashtrian
Recipes    North Indian Recipes    Palakkad Recipes    Punjabi Recipes
Tamil Nadu Recipes Indian Vegetarian    Curries & Gravies    Dal / Kadhi
Instant Pot Recipes International Recipes Italian Recipes Jams, Preserves,
Relish Kids Recipes Low Oil Recipes Low-calorie recipes Lunch Box Recipes Main
Course Millet Recipes No Onion No Garlic Recipe Oats Recipe Paneer Recipe
Paratha Recipes Pegan Pickles Potato Recipes Pulses and Legumes Raitas & Dips
Recipes under 30 minutes Rice Varieties Sabzi or Dry Vegetable Salads Side
Dish Snacks & Appetizers Soup Recipes South Indian Recipes SPL. HEALTH MEAL
PLANS Sugar free recipes Summer Recipes Travel Diaries Travel Recipes Vegan
Recipes Vegetables & Stir Fries Winter Recipes

### Featured In

## Footer

### About

  * Privacy Policy
  * Affiliate Disclosure
  * Disclaimer
  * Terms of Use
  * Contact Us

### Subscribe

### Follow Us

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * LinkedIn
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and
written permission from this site’s author and/or owner is strictly
prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear
credit is given to Vidya Narayan and Masalachilli with appropriate and
specific direction to the original content.

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

x

### Subscribe to our newsletter!

Join our mailing list to stay updated with latest healthy & tasty vegetarian
recipes!

Copyright (C) 2022 * Masala Chilli * Set up by Kaushik

  *   *   * 37
  *   * 

37 shares

