https://40aprons.com/tom-kha-soup-whole30/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * About
  * Food Blogger Resources
  * Contact Me

My Account

Member Dashboard

40 Aprons Premium (Ad Free!)

40 Aprons

Healthy, Easy Recipes Your Family Will Love

  * All Recipes
  * Course
    * Appetizers
    * Basics
    * Breakfast
    * Condiments
    * Dessert
    * Main Course
    * Meal Prep
    * Side Dishes
    * Soups
  * Method
    * Air Fryer
    * Baking
    * Crockpot
    * Grilling
    * Instant Pot
    * Sous Vide
  * Dietary Needs
    * Dairy Free
    * Gluten Free
    * Keto
    * Low Carb
    * Paleo
    * Vegan
    * Vegetarian
    * Whole30
  * Cuisine
    * American
    * Asian
    * Indian
    * Italian
    * Mediterranean
    * Mexican & Latin
    * Southern

Search...

Display Search Bar

Home Blog Course Main Course

# Best Ever Tom Kha Gai Soup (Thai Coconut Chicken Soup)

Cheryl Malik **Posted:** 09/05/18 **Updated:** 12/18/21

4.92

/5 644 Comments

Jump to Recipe

DF Dairy Free GF Gluten Free P Paleo 30 Whole30

This post may contain affiliate links. Please read our disclosure policy.

_This tom kha gai soup recipe (or Thai coconut chicken soup) is absolutely
perfect. Rich and creamy yet tangy and salty, this Thai coconut chicken soup
recipe is filling but light and positively bursting with flavor. The very best
tom kha gai recipe I 've ever made or tried. With Whole30, paleo, and vegan
options, too. _

## My Favorite Thai-Inspired Soup

Let's go ahead and talk about the best soup of all time.

That's right: tom kha soup. AKA _Thai coconut chicken soup._  AKA _tom kha
gai_.  
  
So here's the deal: this tom kha gai (Thai coconut chicken soup) is
perfection. It's creamy and a bit tart and salty and a bit sweet, and the
chicken is tender, and the mushrooms are filling, and the fresh cilantro adds
the perfect herbaceous edge, and I can't get enough of this soup. I don't
think you'd  _ever_ need another Whole30 Thai coconut chicken soup recipe, or
heck, a plain ol' non Whole30 Thai coconut chicken soup recipe for that
matter, because this recipe is  _so damn good_.  
  
And you know what? I have a really solid story to go along with this recipe.

## Skip the Takeout and Make This at Home!

When I was in college, I fell in love with cooking. Like, swept me off my
feet, fall flat on my back, obsess over it day in and day out in love. And so,
it being 2006, I started a recipezaar.com account. I went into detail about my
obsessions and how  _the one recipe_ I always wanted to learn to make was the
fresh salsa from my favorite Mexican restaurant. In fact, you can read the
story and get the recipe for  _the best restaurant style salsa ever_ by
clicking here. You'll thank me later (pretty sure).

### The Story

What happened was this: a guy at my college found my profile on the
recipezaar.com and saw that it was my lifelong dream to recreate this salsa.
He reached out to the head of marketing or CEO or something like that at the
restaurant in question and told her this sob story about how we were engaged
and living abroad and I was terribly homesick and all he wanted to do for
Christmas was make me a giant feast to remember home, including this salsa
that I loved so much, of course.

### So Then What?

So what did she do? She gave him the recipe of course.  _Of cours_ e.  
  
And then he gave me the recipe of course.  _Of. Course._ And then we got to
talking and…  
  
No, our leading fella isn't my husband and the father of my children (because
wouldn't that be just too damn much?), but he _did_ do the same thing for me
later with this tom kha soup.  
  
You see, there's something about this recipe that's just not like the others.
Something  _better_.  
  
This tom kha soup is based off the exceptional dish found at a local chain of
restaurants in the state where I went to college. It was different than the
Thai coconut chicken soup I'd had before, and it sold me forever and ever on
Thai food. I couldn't quite put my finger on it solo, though, but it all made
sense when he got me the secret recipe.

## Why This is One of the Best Soup Recipes _Ever_

  * _**There 's a secret ingredient that adds a savoriness**_ to this Thai tom kha gai coconut chicken soup recipe that takes it all to the next level.
  *  _ **It 's creamy and sweet and salty and spicy and bright all in one**_.
  *  _ **This tom kha soup recipe is actually quite easy to make and doesn 't require hard-to-find ingredients**_. You should be able to get everything from a traditional Western grocery store.
  *  _ **I 've included Whole30**_ **  and _vegan  _** _ **options**_ so you can enjoy this tom kha soup all the time, even if you're avoiding added sugars or you don't eat animal products.

_**A Note from Cheryl:** Years ago, we referred to certain ingredients in this
recipe as “weird”, a term we erroneously used to describe harder-to-find
ingredients that are generally unfamiliar to the average American reader. In
using this term, though, we unintentionally contributed to furthering the
stigma that these ingredients are somehow “not normal”. That was never our
intent, but it was our impact, and that's what matters._

##  What's the Secret Ingredient?

It turns out it's quite simple, really: **_red curry paste_**. Just a bit of
red curry paste added to an otherwise pretty traditional recipe for tom kha
soup, making it _way_ easier for me to make on a regular basis.

Speaking of easier… you can also _swap ginger for galangal_ and _swap fresh
lime juice for makrut lime leaves_. As much as I love the international
market, I just don't get there enough to satisfy my Whole30 Thai coconut
chicken soup craving if I have to use those hard-to-find ingredients!

## Where Can I Find Lemongrass?

I find fresh lemongrass in the produce section of almost every grocery store
these days. If you can't find it fresh, though, you can usually find a
refrigerated tube of it, minced, in the produce area. Ask your clerk and tell
them it's important! You can't make the best ever tom kha soup without it!

## Can I Make This Soup Vegan?

To make this tom kha soup vegan:

  * Use vegetable broth instead of chicken broth.
  * Substitute soy sauce for the fish sauce.
  * Add a 1-pound block of tofu, cubed into bite-sized pieces, instead of chicken.

And you won't call it "tom kha gai," if you don't use chicken. You can call it
"tom kha tofu"!

## Other Recipes You'll Love

  * Egg Roll in a Bowl
  * Vegan Chili
  * Grilled Baked Potatoes
  * Paleo Banana Bread
  * Chicken Tikka Masala
  * Mexican Chicken Stuffed Sweet Potatoes
  * Perfect Keto Deviled Eggs
  * She Crab Soup
  * Chinese Vegetable Soup

**Hey – you’ve made it this far, so now we’re basically best friends! If you
make this recipe, I’d love for you to give it a quick review & star rating ★
below. Make sure you follow me on Instagram, Pinterest, TikTok, and Facebook,
too!**

4.92 from 424 votes

## Best Ever Tom Kha Gai - Thai Coconut Soup

Prep:15 minutes

Cook:45 minutes

Total:1 hour

This tom kha soup (Thai coconut soup) is absolutely perfect. Rich and creamy
yet tangy and salty, this Thai soup is filling but light and positively
bursting with flavor. The very best recipe I've ever made or tried. Whole30,
paleo, and vegan options offered.

  * Pin

Print Save Saved! Go Premium - Ad Free + Meal Plans!

6 servings

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 1 tablespoon coconut oil
  * ▢ ½ of one onion sliced
  * ▢ 2 cloves garlic chopped
  * ▢ ½ of one red jalapeno pepper sliced, or a couple Thai chiles, halved
  * ▢ 3 ¼-inch slices galangal or ginger
  * ▢ 1 lemongrass stalk pounded with the side of a knife and cut into 2-inch long pieces
  * ▢ 2 teaspoons red Thai curry paste
  * ▢ 4 cups chicken broth see Notes if vegan or on Whole30
  * ▢ 4 cups canned coconut cream or coconut milk see Notes
  * ▢ 2 medium chicken breasts cut into bite-sized pieces, see Notes for vegan/vegetarian or to use shrimp
  * ▢ 8 ounces white mushroom caps sliced
  * ▢ 1-2 tablespoons coconut sugar if on Whole30, see Notes
  * ▢ 1 ½ - 2 tablespoons fish sauce plus more to taste, see Notes if on Whole30 or vegan
  * ▢ 2-3 tablespoons fresh lime juice
  * ▢ 2-3 green onions sliced thin
  * ▢ fresh cilantro chopped, for garnish

### Instructions

  * In a medium pot, heat the coconut oil over medium heat. Add the onion, garlic, jalapeno or chile, galangal or ginger, lemongrass, and red curry paste and cook, stirring frequently, for 5 minutes, or until onions are softened. Add chicken broth and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer uncovered for 30 minutes.

  * Strain out the aromatics (the garlic, onions, lemongrass, and ginger) and discard. Add in coconut cream or milk, chicken breast (or tofu or shrimp), and mushrooms. Simmer until chicken breast pieces are just cooked through, then add fish sauce, coconut aminos (or coconut sugar), and lime juice, plus more of each to taste. 

  * Cook 2 minutes, then ladle into serving bowls and top with sliced green onions and fresh cilantro.

### Notes

  * Be sure to use **coconut cream or coconut milk**. Coco lopez and coconut creamer are _not_ the same as coconut cream/coconut milk and will not work in this recipe.
  * **To use shrimp,** simply stir in 1 pound of raw shrimp instead of chicken. Simmer until just cooked through, pink, and no longer translucent. 
  * **Make it Whole30:** Use compliant chicken broth. Use 2 tablespoons coconut aminos instead of coconut sugar. Use Red Boat fish sauce - this is the only fish sauce I've found to be compliant.
  * **Make it Vegan/Vegetarian:** Use vegetable stock, preferably an Asian variety. Use a 1-pound block of firm or extra firm tofu (regular or silken) cut into bite-sized cubes. For vegan, use soy sauce (to taste) instead of fish sauce.

### Video

### Nutrition Information

Serving: 1serving, Calories: 682kcal, Carbohydrates: 18g, Protein: 27g, Fat:
60g, Saturated Fat: 52g, Polyunsaturated Fat: 1g, Monounsaturated Fat: 3g,
Trans Fat: 1g, Cholesterol: 48mg, Sodium: 1266mg, Potassium: 1125mg, Fiber:
5g, Vitamin A: 374IU, Vitamin C: 17mg, Calcium: 47mg, Iron: 5mg, Net Carbs:
13g

_Number of total servings shown is approximate. Actual number of servings w_
_ill depend on your preferred portion sizes._



_Nutritional values shown are general guidelines and reflect information for 1
serving using the ingredients listed, **not** including any optional
ingredients. Actual macros may vary slightly depending on specific brands and
types of ingredients used._



_To determine the weight of one serving, prepare the recipe as instructed.
Weigh the finished recipe, then divide the weight of the finished recipe (not
including the weight of the container the food is in) by the desired number of
servings. Result will be the weight of one serving._

© Author: Cheryl Malik

##  Did you make this recipe?

Tag @40aprons on social and be sure to leave a review on the blog post!

Rate Recipe Tag Me on Instagram

#### Meet Cheryl Malik

Cheryl Malik is the recipe developer, writer, and photographer behind the
healthy, flavorful, family friendly recipes at 40 Aprons. She's been a blogger
for 10+ years and is known for her delicious recipes and detailed recipe
instructions. Cheryl is a mom of three who lives in Memphis, TN.

Read more...

### You may also like...

  * Whole30 Potato Soup

  * Creamy Tomato Chicken Soup

  * Slow Cooker Tom Kha Soup (Thai Coconut Chicken Soup)

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Have a question? Submit your question or comment below.

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment: *

Name: *

Email: *

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

  1. Tina T says

Posted on 7/30/22 at 8:50 pm

The recipe looks fantastic! I bought the ingredients today, and have one
question before making it tomorrow. In the first photo of the soup, you can
see lemongrass in the soup. But you state to discard it. Should I keep it in?

Reply

    * Megan | 40 Aprons Team says

Posted on 7/31/22 at 6:21 pm

Hi, Tina! So, it's up to you, really. We've had several readers say they don't
strain out the aromatics. We recommend it, though!

Reply

  2. Rebecca says

Posted on 7/26/22 at 5:46 pm

This recipe is an absolute dream, the taste is amazing  
My young kids prefer the soup as a sauce on their rice and I also pounded and
pan seared the chicken, cut it into strips and placed on top of my soup bowl
with rice … I could eat this every day

Reply

    * Grace | 40 Aprons Team says

Posted on 7/27/22 at 3:12 pm

That sounds delicious! I'm with your kids… I love sauce on my rice, too!
Thanks so much for sharing ♥

Reply

  3. Frank says

Posted on 7/24/22 at 8:41 pm

Great soup. It is so easy and reliable that it has become one of the top
"Neither of us want to cook tonight" quick meals. A side of rice and we are
good to go.

Reply

    * Grace | 40 Aprons Team says

Posted on 7/25/22 at 10:18 am

So happy to hear this! I love this soup too. So easy!! Thanks for sharing,
Frank!

Reply

  4. Sharon says

Posted on 7/24/22 at 1:04 pm

This soup is fantastic! I love the flavor and it was easy to make. It tastes
just like it does at my favorite Thai restaurant in Austin. Thanks for sharing
the recipe.

Reply

    * Grace | 40 Aprons Team says

Posted on 7/25/22 at 10:20 am

Woohoo! Love to hear that, Sharon! So happy you enjoyed it.

Reply

Older Comments

## Primary Sidebar

### Reader Faves

###  Marry Me Chicken (Chicken in a Sun Dried Tomato Cream Sauce)

###  Whole30 Fish Taco Bowl with Mango Salsa and Chipotle Aioli (Paleo, Low
Carb)

###  Air Fryer Frozen French Fries

###  Chimichurri Flank Steak

### In Season

###  Shredded Chicken Tacos

###  Blackened Shrimp with Remoulade Sauce

###  Cheesy Ham and Potato Casserole

###  Easy 7 Layer Salad with Homemade Dressing

##

More Goodies + NO Ads!

##  Become a 40 Aprons Premium Member!

All the 40 Aprons content you love - now even better.

  * Member-Exclusive Recipes
  * Meal Plans & Grocery Lists
  * eBooks
  * NO ADS!

Join now

###  Privacy Policy

###  Accessibility

###  Disclaimers

###  Contact

(C) 2022 40 Aprons

Site Credits Designed by Melissa Rose Design Developed by Once Coupled

Back to Top

620835 shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

