https://40aprons.com/slow-cooker-tom-kha-soup/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * About
  * Food Blogger Resources
  * Contact Me

My Account

Member Dashboard

40 Aprons Premium (Ad Free!)

40 Aprons

Healthy, Easy Recipes Your Family Will Love

  * All Recipes
  * Course
    * Appetizers
    * Basics
    * Breakfast
    * Condiments
    * Dessert
    * Main Course
    * Meal Prep
    * Side Dishes
    * Soups
  * Method
    * Air Fryer
    * Baking
    * Crockpot
    * Grilling
    * Instant Pot
    * Sous Vide
  * Dietary Needs
    * Dairy Free
    * Gluten Free
    * Keto
    * Low Carb
    * Paleo
    * Vegan
    * Vegetarian
    * Whole30
  * Cuisine
    * American
    * Asian
    * Indian
    * Italian
    * Mediterranean
    * Mexican & Latin
    * Southern

Search...

Display Search Bar

Home Blog Course Soup

# Slow Cooker Tom Kha Soup (Thai Coconut Chicken Soup)

Cheryl Malik **Posted:** 09/10/21 **Updated:** 12/13/21

5

/5 10 Comments

Jump to Recipe

DF Dairy Free GF Gluten Free LC Low Carb P Paleo V Vegan VG Vegetarian 30
Whole30

This post may contain affiliate links. Please read our disclosure policy.

_This slow cooker version of my best-ever tom kha soup recipe (or Thai coconut
chicken soup) is absolutely perfect… and made to be easier than ever! Light,
yet filling and full of tangy flavor, it 's the best tom kha gai recipe I've
ever made or tried and is so creamy, easy, and delicious._

## What Makes This Soup _So_ Good

  * **This recipe is based on myBest Ever Tom Kha Gai Soup, which is one of my most popular recipes for a reason.** It's creamy, yet light, tangy, yet sweet. It's the perfect soup when it's getting cooler outside (or just downright cold), or when you're craving spicy Thai goodness. And it's soooo good.
  * Slow cooker Tom Kha Gai is **full of delicious ingredients.** And sure, I'll admit, this soup was already easy… **but the slow cooker makes it even easier!** I really love slow cooker recipes. Just toss everything in and come back in a few hours to a delicious meal!
  *  **This recipe can fit a variety of dietary needs!** We've included specific dietary variations below, but you can adapt this slow cooker Tom Kha Gai to be Whole30-compliant, paleo, vegan, or vegetarian. You could also sub in shrimp for the chicken if you don't eat poultry! 

## Key Ingredients

**Red Thai Curry Paste** – Made from red chilis, this paste is a little sweet,
spicy, and savory and adds a major punch of flavor to your Crockpot tom kha
gai.  
  
 **Lime Leaves –** Kaffir lime leaves are traditional to Thai cooking and add
a delicious citrus and floral aroma.  
  
 **Galangal or Ginger –** Galangal is citrusy, while ginger is sharp and
spicy. If you can't find galangal, ginger will work just fine.  
  
 **Lemongrass –** Citrusy and tangy, lemongrass gives the slow cooker tom kha
gai a lemony, minty flavor.  
  
 **Coconut Milk or Cream** – Rich, sweet, and creamy, coconut milk or cream
makes this tom kha light, filling, and full of flavor.

## Dietary Variations

  * **If you 're vegan or on Whole30**, sub the chicken broth with 2 more cans of full-fat coconut cream or coconut milk.
  *  **For vegan or vegetarian slow cooker** **tom kha, sub out the chicken with tofu.** Use a 1-pound block of firm or extra firm (can be regular or silken) tofu cut into cubes. Use soy sauce to taste instead of using fish sauce.
  *  **If you 're on Whole30, use 2 tablespoons of coconut aminos instead of coconut sugar.** You'll also want to make sure you **use fish sauce that doesn 't have sugar. **The only one I know of is Red Boat Fish Sauce.
  *  **You can also use shrimp instead of chicken.** Add 1 pound of raw shrimp instead of the chicken and heat until it's cooked through (it'll be pink and no longer translucent). 

## Chef's Tips

  * Be sure to use  **coconut cream or coconut milk**. Coco lopez and coconut creamer are  _not_  the same as coconut cream/coconut milk and will not work in this recipe.
  *  **Refrigerate any leftover slow cooker tom kha gai in an airtight container.** It'll keep up to a week (it usually disappears way faster than that at my house, though!).
  *  **While the lime leaves are optional, I _hiiiiighly_ recommend using them if you can! **They add a ton of this incredible lime flavor to tom kha that's slightly different than the flavor you get from lime juice alone. Just make sure not to actually serve the leaves - they're tough and not pleasant to eat.

## More Delicious Asian-Inspired Recipes to Try

  * Tom Yum Soup
  * Hibachi Steak with Fried Rice and Vegetables
  * Tofu and Broccoli
  * Delicious Baked Tofu
  * Hibachi Chicken with Fried Rice and Vegetables
  * 15 Minute Spicy Ramen
  * Kung Pao Beef
  * Keto Ramen
  * Whole30 Sushi – Spicy Salmon Roll (Low Carb, Paleo, Keto Friendly)
  * Keto Egg Drop Soup
  * Beef Pad Thai

**Hey – you’ve made it this far, so now we’re basically best friends! If you
make this recipe, I’d love for you to give it a quick review & star rating ★
below. Make sure you follow me on Instagram, Pinterest, TikTok, and Facebook,
too!**

5 from 6 votes

## Slow Cooker Tom Kha Soup (Thai Coconut Chicken Soup)

Prep:10 minutes

Cook:8 hours

Total:8 hours 10 minutes

This slow cooker version of my best-ever tom kha soup recipe (or Thai coconut
chicken soup) is absolutely perfect… and made to be easier than ever! Light,
yet filling and full of tangy flavor, it's the best tom kha gai recipe I've
ever made or tried and is so creamy, easy, and delicious.

  * Pin

Print Save Saved! Go Premium - Ad Free + Meal Plans!

6 servings

### Ingredients

  * ▢ ½ of one onion sliced
  * ▢ 2 cloves garlic chopped
  * ▢ ½ of one red jalapeño pepper sliced, or a couple Thai chiles, halved
  * ▢ 3 slices galangal or ginger quarter-inch long slices
  * ▢ 1 lemongrass stalk pounded with the side of a knife and cut into 2-inch long pieces
  * ▢ 10 lime leaves torn, optional
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon red Thai curry paste
  * ▢ 4 cups chicken broth See Notes for vegan or Whole30
  * ▢ 2 13.5-ounce cans full-fat coconut milk or coconut cream
  * ▢ 2 chicken breasts about 1 pound, cut into bite-sized pieces; See Notes for vegan or to use shrimp
  * ▢ 8 ounces white mushroom caps sliced
  * ▢ 2-3 tablespoons brown or coconut sugar see Notes for Whole30
  * ▢ 2-3 tablespoons fish sauce plus more to taste
  * ▢ 2-3 tablespoons lime juice fresh
  * ▢ 2-3 green onions sliced thin
  * ▢ cilantro fresh, chopped, for garnish

### Equipment

  * Slow cooker or Crockpot

  * Slotted spoon

### Instructions

  * Add onion, garlic, jalapeño or chile, galangal or ginger, lemongrass, red curry paste, and chicken broth to slow cooker. Cover with lid.

  * Cook on high heat for 2 to 3 hours, or low heat for 4 to 6 hours. After cook time is up, sieve out everything with a slotted spoon.

  * Add in coconut cream or milk, chicken breast (or tofu or shrimp), and mushrooms. Cook on high heat 1 hour or low heat 2 hours, or until chicken breast pieces are cooked through. After cooking, add sugar, fish sauce, and lime juice, plus more of each to taste. Ladle into serving bowls and top with sliced green onions and fresh cilantro.

### Notes

  * **To use shrimp instead of chicken:** Add 1 pound of raw shrimp instead of the chicken and heat until it's cooked through (it'll be pink and no longer translucent).
  * **Make it Vegan/Vegetarian:** Use 2 additional cans full-fat coconut cream or coconut milk instead of chicken broth. Sub chicken with tofu. Use a 1-pound block of firm or extra firm (can be regular or silken) tofu cut into cubes. Use soy sauce to taste instead of using fish sauce.
  * **Make it Whole30:** Use 2 additional cans full-fat coconut cream or coconut milk instead of chicken broth. Use 2 tablespoons of coconut aminos instead of coconut sugar and fish sauce without sugar (the only one I know of is Red Boat Fish Sauce).

### Nutrition Information

Serving: 1serving, Calories: 391kcal, Carbohydrates: 14g, Protein: 21g, Fat:
30g, Saturated Fat: 25g, Polyunsaturated Fat: 1g, Monounsaturated Fat: 2g,
Trans Fat: 1g, Cholesterol: 48mg, Sodium: 1162mg, Potassium: 879mg, Fiber: 2g,
Sugar: 5g, Vitamin A: 485IU, Vitamin C: 21mg, Calcium: 53mg, Iron: 5mg, Net
Carbs: 12g

_Number of total servings shown is approximate. Actual number of servings w_
_ill depend on your preferred portion sizes._



_Nutritional values shown are general guidelines and reflect information for 1
serving using the ingredients listed, **not** including any optional
ingredients. Actual macros may vary slightly depending on specific brands and
types of ingredients used._



_To determine the weight of one serving, prepare the recipe as instructed.
Weigh the finished recipe, then divide the weight of the finished recipe (not
including the weight of the container the food is in) by the desired number of
servings. Result will be the weight of one serving._

© Author: Cheryl Malik

##  Did you make this recipe?

Tag @40aprons on social and be sure to leave a review on the blog post!

Rate Recipe Tag Me on Instagram

#### Meet Cheryl Malik

Cheryl Malik is the recipe developer, writer, and photographer behind the
healthy, flavorful, family friendly recipes at 40 Aprons. She's been a blogger
for 10+ years and is known for her delicious recipes and detailed recipe
instructions. Cheryl is a mom of three who lives in Memphis, TN.

Read more...

### You may also like...

  * Tom Yum Soup

  * Instant Pot Tom Kha Soup

  * Best Ever Tom Kha Gai Soup (Thai Coconut Chicken Soup)

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Have a question? Submit your question or comment below.

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment: *

Name: *

Email: *

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

  1. Tom G says

Posted on 6/20/22 at 6:42 pm

Tom Kha is my favorite soup of all time. I don't cook much but gave this a
shot and wow, tastes like my favorite restaurant version. I prefer mild so I
left out the red chilis and jalapeno. I did end up using approximately triple
the red curry paste, fish sauce, and lime to get it where I wanted it. Yum!

Reply

    * Megan | 40 Aprons Team says

Posted on 6/21/22 at 9:48 pm

So happy you enjoyed this version, Tom! Thank you for taking the time to leave
a review!

Reply

  2. SR says

Posted on 2/14/22 at 8:52 am

Delightful for our first try! We love going out for Thai food, and this was
our first attempt making Tom Kha at home. Loved the convenience of the slow
cooker version, and the recipe did not disappoint!! It was delicious, with so
much flavorful delight we would tend to expect, plus some spice we don’t
usually expect in Tom Kha we’ve had, but it was yummy!! Looking forward to
enjoying the (limited) leftovers, today too!! Thanks for this recipe! 🙂

Reply

    * Anna Claire | 40 Aprons Team says

Posted on 2/16/22 at 5:57 pm

Glad you enjoyed it! Thanks for the review!

Reply

  3. Lindsay says

Posted on 1/31/22 at 9:50 am

I've made this recipe twice now and it is so so tasty and simple! Thank you
for contributing this recipe!

I just have one question. When I add the cans of coconut milk, they seem to
coagulate and I have trouble making it look evenly mixed like your picture. Do
you have any techniques to mixing the coconut milk so it doesn't congeal into
clumps? TIA

Reply

    * Megan | 40 Aprons Team says

Posted on 1/31/22 at 2:09 pm

Hi, Lindsay! SO so happy you love this soup! For the coconut milk, if it's
very cold when you're adding it to the hot Crockpot, that temperature
difference can cause the coconut milk to curdle or clump. When that happens,
stirring frequently can usually help. Next time, you might try letting the
coconut milk come closer to room temperature before adding it to the rest of
the soup, and see if that takes care of the issue. Just don't let the coconut
milk sit out at room temp for 2 hours or more (assuming it's starting out cold
or it's an already opened container) before adding it, as it won't be safe for
consumption at that point.

Reply

  4. Tom says

Posted on 1/27/22 at 7:06 pm

Hi, I notice the slow cooker version you don’t use coconut oil. Is that
deliberate or an oversight? I’ve made your stove top version and it was
sensational. I am going to try this slow cook version but wanted
clarification. Best to you!

Reply

    * Megan | 40 Aprons Team says

Posted on 1/27/22 at 8:33 pm

Hi, Tom! Good eye! The other two variations use coconut oil because the
aromatics are sautéed first, then the broth is added. In this version, the
veggies are cooked _in_ the broth, so no need for the coconut oil!

Reply

  5. Sabrina says

Posted on 9/11/21 at 1:09 pm

thank you for this recipe, so very different from the soups I usually eat or
make, love all of the thai ingredients and flavors

Reply

    * Anna Claire | 40 Aprons Team says

Posted on 9/13/21 at 7:37 pm

So glad you enjoyed it, Sabrina!

Reply

## Primary Sidebar

### Reader Faves

###  Marry Me Chicken (Chicken in a Sun Dried Tomato Cream Sauce)

###  Whole30 Fish Taco Bowl with Mango Salsa and Chipotle Aioli (Paleo, Low
Carb)

###  Air Fryer Frozen French Fries

###  Chimichurri Flank Steak

### In Season

###  Shredded Chicken Tacos

###  Blackened Shrimp with Remoulade Sauce

###  Cheesy Ham and Potato Casserole

###  Easy 7 Layer Salad with Homemade Dressing

##

More Goodies + NO Ads!

##  Become a 40 Aprons Premium Member!

All the 40 Aprons content you love - now even better.

  * Member-Exclusive Recipes
  * Meal Plans & Grocery Lists
  * eBooks
  * NO ADS!

Join now

###  Privacy Policy

###  Accessibility

###  Disclaimers

###  Contact

(C) 2022 40 Aprons

Site Credits Designed by Melissa Rose Design Developed by Once Coupled

Back to Top

6565 shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

