https://40aprons.com/best-restaurant-style-salsa-recipe/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * About
  * Food Blogger Resources
  * Contact Me

My Account

Member Dashboard

40 Aprons Premium (Ad Free!)

40 Aprons

Healthy, Easy Recipes Your Family Will Love

  * All Recipes
  * Course
    * Appetizers
    * Basics
    * Breakfast
    * Condiments
    * Dessert
    * Main Course
    * Meal Prep
    * Side Dishes
    * Soups
  * Method
    * Air Fryer
    * Baking
    * Crockpot
    * Grilling
    * Instant Pot
    * Sous Vide
  * Dietary Needs
    * Dairy Free
    * Gluten Free
    * Keto
    * Low Carb
    * Paleo
    * Vegan
    * Vegetarian
    * Whole30
  * Cuisine
    * American
    * Asian
    * Indian
    * Italian
    * Mediterranean
    * Mexican & Latin
    * Southern

Search...

Display Search Bar

Home Blog Easy

# Best Restaurant Style Salsa Recipe

Cheryl Malik **Posted:** 04/15/17 **Updated:** 05/14/20

5

/5 6 Comments

Jump to Recipe

GF Gluten Free P Paleo V Vegan VG Vegetarian 30 Whole30

This post may contain affiliate links. Please read our disclosure policy.

_This is the best restaurant style salsa recipe, and I 've been making it
blissfully for almost a decade! What makes this the best restaurant style
salsa recipe? Spoiler alert: it comes from one of my favorite Mexican
restaurants (but I'll never say which)! It blends fresh garlic, cilantro,
chiles, onions, and tomatoes with canned tomatoes for the perfect blend of
fresh and traditional restaurant style salsa. So good! Made easily with my
very favorite food processor from Cuisinart.  
_  

I have a super special, super weird post for you all today: an update of _my
very first post ever_. This is the best restaurant style salsa recipe, and, as
evidenced by this EIGHT YEAR OLD BLOG POST (I know), I've been making it
blissfully for years.

I wrote this post back when I made the best restaurant style salsa recipe to
detract from my looming almost-fat: law school. I started this blog,
originally called Legally Eating, as a way to hoard my creativity whilst
heading full-throttle into a dry, immersive legal experience. Suffice it to
say, I realized that playing on the Internet and making food was my actual
dream, and the law school thing didn't last too terribly long. Â¯\\_(ãƒ„)_/Â¯

Nothing about the recipe has changed, and it's even more tried and true than
ever. The story of how I got it is still fantastic, even though recipezaar.com
became food.com many, many years ago (I'm old).

On top of that, _can we even talk about my photography_?! I'm not even sure
you could call it that, since, what is this, even? Which brings me to an
exciting pointâ€¦

I wrote a book! An eBook, to be exact, but it has over 100 pages and lots of
photos and a table of contents and everything (= *real book*). It's called
_Improve Your Food Photography Almost Instantly_ , because that's what it's
all about: improving your food photography _almost instantly_. I went from
absolute crap photographer to pretty OK in a very short period of time by
following a few principles. The book covers each of these, provides a solid
foundation for your photography practice, and offers dozens of immediately
applicable tips and methods that will take your food photography to the next
level right away.

See?

LOVE that I remembered to garnish in that first photoâ€¦ pretty sure it makes
all the difference (?).

I couldn't be more excited about this venture, and I hope you're interested,
too! I'll be sending out a special early-bird discounted price, so sign up
below to get that offer!

/////

_Originally published: July 7, 2009_

Yesterday's culinary adventureâ€¦ was more of a culinary autopilot.

I've been making this salsa for at least two years now, but it's become
something of a favorite-nay, necessity, in my.. surroundings.

Back at college, my friends always willingly hung out at my house, knowing
that in return for such convenience, I'd have them stocked on the stuff. In
Paris, I chopped everything by hand into tiny, tiny pieces, and as a going-
away present, I gave the girl who drank the salsa from a wine glassâ€¦ like it
was, well.. wine, the recipe. Back at my parents' house, it is literally one
of my duties to keep at least half a gallon around at all times. Whatever
would we do if some family dropped by and there were no salsa to feed them?
Oh, quel horror!

But hey, I can't blame them. Check out the story of how I even got the recipe:
So, I have my profile up on recipezaar.com, of course, and at the bottom of my
page, it said my ultimate goal was to create a copycat recipe of this
particular restaurant's salsa.. My absolute favorite food in the world. Well,
apparently a fellow student at my university had randomly made one of my
recipes, liked it, checked out my profile, and, it being Christmas and all,
decided to get the recipe for me. It took a little tugging at the heartstrings
of the woman who runs the restaurant, but lo and behold, it came my way. What
can I say? It's utterly delicious.

The thing about this salsa is that it combines fresh ingredients with cooked
ingredients, unlike most salsas which either all meld together in a big pot,
or are all raw, like a pico de gallo. Combining the two gives it a depth
that's to die for. That, my friends, is what makes it the best restaurant
style salsa recipe! It's not a chunky salsa, but chunky salsas just remind me
of the crappy El Paso I shelled out 5â‚¬ for in Paris, out of utter desperation.
You should see me try to go longer than a few days without Mexican food..  
It ain't pretty.

**Hey â€“ youâ€™ve made it this far, so now weâ€™re basically best friends! If you
make this recipe, Iâ€™d love for you to give it a quick review & star rating â˜…
below. Make sure you follow me on Instagram, Pinterest, TikTok, and Facebook,
too!**

5 from 1 vote

## Best Restaurant Style Salsa Recipe

Prep:5 minutes

This is the best restaurant style salsa recipe, and I've been making it
blissfully for almost a decade! What makes this the best restaurant style
salsa recipe? Spoiler alert: it comes from one of my favorite Mexican
restaurants (but I'll never say which)! It blends fresh garlic, cilantro,
chiles, onions, and tomatoes with canned tomatoes for the perfect blend of
fresh and traditional restaurant style salsa. So good!

  * Pin

Print Save Saved! Go Premium - Ad Free + Meal Plans!

4 people

### Ingredients

  * â–¢ 4 cloves garlic
  * â–¢ 1-3 serrano peppers , quartered (depending on how spicy you dig it)
  * â–¢ 1/2 bunch cilantro (or a bit more)
  * â–¢ 1/2 pound yellow or white onions about 1/2-1, cut into 1â€³ pieces
  * â–¢ 3/4 pound Roma tomatoes about 3, cut into 1â€³ pieces,
  * â–¢ 3 14- ounce cans diced tomatoes , drained
  * â–¢ 2 teaspoons salt

### Instructions

  * Add garlic, jalapeÃ±os, and cilantro to a food processor and pulse until chopped and pretty uniformly smooth. Add Toss in onions and pulse a few times, until pretty smooth again. Throw in fresh tomatoes and pulse until you have no big chunks of tomato.

  * Add in drained canned tomatoes and pulse again until the salsa is the desired consistency. Add salt and transfer to an airtight container. 

### Notes

Keeps in the fridge for at least a month.

### Nutrition Information

Serving: 4g, Calories: 64kcal, Carbohydrates: 14g, Protein: 3g, Fat: 1g,
Saturated Fat: 1g, Sodium: 1176mg, Potassium: 582mg, Fiber: 3g, Sugar: 8g,
Vitamin A: 1729IU, Vitamin C: 33mg, Calcium: 39mg, Iron: 1mg, Net Carbs: 11g

_Number of total servings shown is approximate. Actual number of servings w_
_ill depend on your preferred portion sizes._



_Nutritional values shown are general guidelines and reflect information for 1
serving using the ingredients listed, **not** including any optional
ingredients. Actual macros may vary slightly depending on specific brands and
types of ingredients used._



_To determine the weight of one serving, prepare the recipe as instructed.
Weigh the finished recipe, then divide the weight of the finished recipe (not
including the weight of the container the food is in) by the desired number of
servings. Result will be the weight of one serving._

Â© Author: Chery Malik

##  Did you make this recipe?

Tag @40aprons on social and be sure to leave a review on the blog post!

Rate Recipe Tag Me on Instagram

#### Meet Cheryl Malik

Cheryl Malik is the recipe developer, writer, and photographer behind the
healthy, flavorful, family friendly recipes at 40 Aprons. She's been a blogger
for 10+ years and is known for her delicious recipes and detailed recipe
instructions. Cheryl is a mom of three who lives in Memphis, TN.

Read more...

### You may also like...

  * Guacamole Dip (Restaurant Style)

  * Chilaquiles

  * Roasted Salsa Verde with Tomatillos and Chiles (Whole30 Salsa)

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Have a question? Submit your question or comment below.

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment: *

Name: *

Email: *

Î”

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

  1. Paul Bachmann says

Posted on 1/21/21 at 10:54 am

What kind of canned tomatoes do you recommend/use?

Reply

    * Savannah | 40 Aprons Team says

Posted on 1/22/21 at 9:43 am

Any kind, really!

Reply

  2. Persephone says

Posted on 5/30/20 at 1:04 pm

Would you recommend the Serrano or jalapeno?

Reply

    * Amelia Camurati says

Posted on 6/5/20 at 3:44 pm

It depends on your heat and taste preference! On average, a Serrano pepper is
about five times spicier than a jalapeÃ±o.

Reply

  3. Esmeralda says

Posted on 2/3/20 at 7:18 pm

Simple components, awesome taste! The best recipes just require quality
ingredients not complicated mixes.  
ðŸ™‚

Reply

    * Cheryl Malik says

Posted on 2/5/20 at 10:59 am

Definitely agree! High quality ingredients make ALL the difference.

Reply

## Primary Sidebar

### Reader Faves

###  Marry Me Chicken (Chicken in a Sun Dried Tomato Cream Sauce)

###  Whole30 Fish Taco Bowl with Mango Salsa and Chipotle Aioli (Paleo, Low
Carb)

###  Air Fryer Frozen French Fries

###  Chimichurri Flank Steak

### In Season

###  Shredded Chicken Tacos

###  Blackened Shrimp with Remoulade Sauce

###  Cheesy Ham and Potato Casserole

###  Easy 7 Layer Salad with Homemade Dressing

##

More Goodies + NO Ads!

##  Become a 40 Aprons Premium Member!

All the 40 Aprons content you love - now even better.

  * Member-Exclusive Recipes
  * Meal Plans & Grocery Lists
  * eBooks
  * NO ADS!

Join now

###  Privacy Policy

###  Accessibility

###  Disclaimers

###  Contact

(C) 2022 40 Aprons

Site Credits Designed by Melissa Rose Design Developed by Once Coupled

Back to Top

1825 shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

