https://40aprons.com/about-cheryl-malik/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content

  * About
  * Food Blogger Resources
  * Contact Me

My Account

Member Dashboard

40 Aprons Premium (Ad Free!)

40 Aprons

Healthy, Easy Recipes Your Family Will Love

  * All Recipes
  * Course
    * Appetizers
    * Basics
    * Breakfast
    * Condiments
    * Dessert
    * Main Course
    * Meal Prep
    * Side Dishes
    * Soups
  * Method
    * Air Fryer
    * Baking
    * Crockpot
    * Grilling
    * Instant Pot
    * Sous Vide
  * Dietary Needs
    * Dairy Free
    * Gluten Free
    * Keto
    * Low Carb
    * Paleo
    * Vegan
    * Vegetarian
    * Whole30
  * Cuisine
    * American
    * Asian
    * Indian
    * Italian
    * Mediterranean
    * Mexican & Latin
    * Southern

Search...

Display Search Bar

Home About 40 Aprons

# About 40 Aprons

##  Hey, Iâ€™m Cheryl!

I've been writing healthy, family-friendly recipes at 40 Aprons for over 12
years. I believe food should be delicious and that healthy eating doesn't have
to be complicated or super restrictive! I'm also a certified yoga teacher, mom
to 3 young kiddos, and the president of a food blog virtual assistant agency.

## What You'll Find Here: Healthy Recipes Your Family Will Love

40 Aprons offers flavorful, family-friendly recipes that are usually made with
unprocessed ingredients. Our recipes fit a variety of dietary considerations,
like Whole30, vegan, paleo, keto, etc. I want to offer recipes for real
people, not Instagram stars!

I pack my recipes with as much flavor as possible, so you never feel like
you're eating "healthy" - just delicious food.

As a mom, I love recipes that are quick and family-friendly. You'll find a lot
of that here: food that tastes amazing but isn't overly complicated. Your kids
will (probably) eat it, and you'll keep these healthy recipes on hand long
after your Whole30 is over.

Click here to check out my favorite recipes on the site.

## My Story with Clean Eating

I've been blogging since 2009, but it wasn't until 2015 that we discovered the
paleo diet and Whole30 made us feel.

I'd been interested in healthy eating since a very early age: I went
vegetarian at age 10 because I felt like something was just  _not right_ about
the standard American diet. That was, of course, the only really visible
"alternative" diet at the time, and I was vegetarian or vegan off and on for
15 years.

In 2015, when I was about a year postpartum with my son, I decided to try a
Whole30 to solve a few problems I was having: horrible sleep, jaw pain, and
stubborn postpartum weight. I was shocked to find that  _all_ of the issues
resolved within a couple weeks on this whole-food-focused elimination diet,
and we were convinced for good! That's when I started sharing my favorite
paleo and Whole30 recipes on the blog.

By simply focusing on "real food" and whole ingredients that make me feel
great, we've found a sustainable way of eating that I hope inspires you, too!

##  Get my FREE Downloadable Whole30 Kit + Total Keto Guide!

Send Me the Freebies!

## About Cheryl

I'm a mama of three, wife of one, living in Memphis, TN. I love wine, yoga,
and traveling, but my greatest loves are still food and photography. In
addition to creating healthy, paleo, and Whole30 recipes, I run a food blog
virtual assistant agency called 40A. that helps other food bloggers grow their
platforms by handling social media marketing, SEO updating, PR and brand
management, and more! I'm also the cofounder of the design agency Layer Cake
Co., where we build immersive digital experiences for food bloggers,
restaurants, and food brands. I'd love to chat with you about either if you're
in the market to grow your food-based business!

##  Meet the 40 Aprons Team

###  Cheryl Malik

Chief Everything Officer

###  Grace McCreave

Community Manager

###  Megan Smith Legett

Director of Content Strategy

###  Hema Ramsingh

Nutritionist

###  Sam Guarnieri

Contributor

###  Priscilla Lawrence

Contributor

* * *

## Work with 40 Aprons

I love working with brands and other organizations, so please get in touch if
you're interested!

You can learn a bit more about how I typically work with brands here.

* * *

##

More Goodies + NO Ads!

##  Become a 40 Aprons Premium Member!

All the 40 Aprons content you love - now even better.

  * Member-Exclusive Recipes
  * Meal Plans & Grocery Lists
  * eBooks
  * NO ADS!

Join now

###  Privacy Policy

###  Accessibility

###  Disclaimers

###  Contact

(C) 2022 40 Aprons

Site Credits Designed by Melissa Rose Design Developed by Once Coupled

Back to Top

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

