https://www.myrecipes.com/recipe/thai-chicken-coconut-soup-tom-kha-gai


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

MyRecipes MyRecipes

  * Course
  * Baking
  * Global
  * Healthy
  * Favorite Ingredients
  * Holidays and Occasions
  * Quick and Easy
  * Convenience Recipes
  * BBQ and Grilling
  * How To
  * Extra Crispy
  * News

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Account

  * Register
  * Newsletters
  * Email Preferences
  * Logout

Login

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore MyRecipes

MyRecipes MyRecipes

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * 55+ Easy Dinner Recipes for Busy Weeknights

####  55+ Easy Dinner Recipes for Busy Weeknights

Everybody understands the stuggle of getting dinner on the table after a long
day. If you're looking for a simple recipe to simplify your weeknight, you've
come to the right place--easy dinners are our specialty. For an easy supper
that you can depend on, we picked out some of our tried-and-true favorites
that have gotten us through even the busiest of days. Whether you're cooking
for yourself or for a family, these easy dinners are sure to leave everyone
satisfied and stress-free.  Read More

    * The Brilliant Secret to Making Better Mashed Potatoes

####  The Brilliant Secret to Making Better Mashed Potatoes

Trust me, it's so worth it.  Read More

    * 65 Super Easy Finger Foods to Make for Any Party

####  65 Super Easy Finger Foods to Make for Any Party

From chips and dip to one-bite apps, finger foods are the perfect way to kick
off a party. No forks or spoons required, just easy-to-pick-up party foods, so
you can clean up in no time.  Read More

  * Course

### Course

See All Course

    * Best Appetizer Recipes...Ever
    * Best Drink Recipes for Any Occasion
    * Salad Recipes
    * The Ultimate Guide to Sensational Sides
    * Soup and Stew Recipes
    * Easy Entertaining for Everyone
    * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes
    * Main Dishes and Entrees
    * Dinner Recipes
    * Dessert Recipes

  * Baking

### Baking

See All Baking

    * Bread Recipes
    * Our Most-Loved Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Pie Recipes

  * Global

### Global

See All Global

    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes
    * Middle Eastern Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Malaysian Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * Chinese Recipes
    * African Recipes
    * American Recipes
    * Cajun and Creole Recipes
    * Caribbean Recipes
    * South American Recipes
    * Southern Recipes
    * German Recipes

  * Healthy

### Healthy

See All Healthy

    * Easy, Healthy Recipes
    * Healthy Breakfasts
    * Healthy Dinners
    * Healthy Desserts
    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Diet and Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Low Carbohydrate Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Favorite Ingredients

### Favorite Ingredients

See All Favorite Ingredients

    * The Ultimate Guide to Chicken
    * Vegetable Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Cheese Recipes
    * Chocolate Recipes
    * Pasta Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Holidays and Occasions

### Holidays and Occasions

See All Holidays and Occasions

    * A Foodie's Guide to Halloween Recipes
    * The Ultimate Thanksgiving Guide
    * Hanukkah Recipes
    * Your Ultimate Christmas Recipe Guide
    * Our Most Festive New Year's Recipes
    * Best-Ever Super Bowl Sunday Recipes
    * Best Valentine's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * The Ultimate Guide to Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Labor Day Recipes
    * The Ultimate Fourth of July Guide
    * Memorial Day Recipes
    * Touchdown-Worthy Tailgate Recipes
    * Wedding and Shower Recipes

  * Quick and Easy

### Quick and Easy

See All Quick and Easy

    * 15-Minute Recipes for Busy Home Cooks
    * 5 Ingredients or Less
    * Dinner Tonight
    * No-Cook Recipes
    * 45-Minute Recipes

  * Convenience Recipes

### Convenience Recipes

See All Convenience Recipes

    * Budget-Friendly Recipes
    * Our Top Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Our Favorite Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes

  * BBQ and Grilling

### BBQ and Grilling

See All BBQ and Grilling

    * Grilled Beef Recipes
    * Grilled Fish Recipes
    * Grilled Shrimp Recipes
    * Grilled Chicken Recipes
    * Grilled Pork Recipes
    * Grilled Vegetable Recipes

  * How To

### How To

See All How To

    * 7 Ways With...
    * Videos
    * Ingredients and Tools
    * Kitchen Cleaning

  * Extra Crispy
  * News

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Account

  * Register
  * Newsletters
  * Email Preferences
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Thai Chicken Coconut Soup (Tom Kha Gai)

# Thai Chicken Coconut Soup (Tom Kha Gai)

Rating: 4 stars

34 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 16 
  * 4 star values: 7 
  * 3 star values: 5 
  * 2 star values: 6 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 34 Ratings 
  * 29 Reviews 

This classic chicken and coconut soup gets its rich and dynamic flavor from
quintessential Thai ingredients: coconut milk, lemongrass, fresh ginger, lime
juice, fish sauce, chile paste, basil, and cilantro. While warming and
thoroughly comforting, this dish comes together incredibly quickly. Of course,
it's even better the next day after the flavors have had time to rest and
fully meld within the thick and satisfying, savory-sweet broth. Just saying--
doubling this recipe to guarantee leftovers wouldn't be a terrible idea.

By Jiranooch Shapiro, Anchorage, AK

This Story Originally Appeared On  sunset.com

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Read the full recipe after the video.

## Recipe Summary

total:

20 mins

Yield:

Serves 4

Nutrition Info

Thai Chicken Coconut Soup (Tom Kha Gai)

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1 can (14 oz.) coconut milk 
  * 1 can (14 oz.) reduced-sodium chicken broth 
  * 6 quarter-size slices fresh ginger 
  * 1 stalk fresh lemongrass, cut in 1-in. pieces 
  * 1 pound boned, skinned chicken breast or thighs, cut into 1-in. chunks 
  * 1 cup sliced mushrooms 
  * 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice 
  * 1 tablespoon Thai or Vietnamese fish sauce (nuoc mam or nam pla) 
  * 1 teaspoon sugar 
  * 1 teaspoon Thai chili paste 
  * ¼ cup fresh basil leaves 
  * ¼ cup fresh cilantro 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

In a medium saucepan, combine coconut milk, broth, ginger, and lemongrass and
bring to boil over high heat. Add chicken, mushrooms, lime juice, fish sauce,
sugar, and chili paste. Reduce heat and simmer until chicken is firm and
opaque, 5 to 10 minutes. Discard lemongrass. Garnish servings with basil and
cilantro.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Note: Nutritional analysis is per 1 1/2-cup serving.

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

357 calories; calories from fat 63%; protein 29g; fat 25g; saturated fat 19g;
carbohydrates 7.2g; fiber 0.5g; sodium 484mg; cholesterol 79mg.

Advertisement

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews (29)

Add Rating & Review

Sort by:  Newest

Newest Oldest

Vivianna52

Rating: 4 stars

02/18/2018

...of chicken stock, coconut milk and lemon juice that makes this a great
classic. Because they all work together, what's added after that can vary
quite a lot. For example, I add 1/2 of a thinly sliced hot red chili with the
seeds removed, brown sugar instead of white, sesame oil & soy sauce. And I
like to let it simmer for hours so the flavours blend very well (it's 8:40
a.m. now in the UK and I have it on the stove for today's main meal at noon).
I'll drop in the cubed chicken, mushrooms and baby corn during the last hour
so they don't disintegrate but the red & yellow bell peppers, lemon grass,
ginger and chili are already in there...dancing together while it simmers. We
absolutely love this recipe and will have it on this foggy Sunday with
potstickers and Vietnamese summer rolls and spicy peanut sauce.

MBo

Rating: 5 stars

09/30/2017

****Perfect flavor! Loved it- was great the first time!

thtice

Rating: 5 stars

09/17/2017

****Just tried this recipe. I added bean sprouts, snow peas and cherry
tomatoes. I made my own chicken broth. Great flavor.....We will make this
again.  

pjunking

Rating: 5 stars

12/28/2016

****This was awesome! We found all the ingredients at our local Asian market.
We did add lime leaves as one reviewer suggested, and we left out the fish
sauce. We also substituted 2 Thai chilis instead of chili paste. Waited til
the end to add the lime juice as someone suggested to keep lime from getting
bitter. Added lime to taste.

  

All in all this was a huge hit. It was pretty quick to make. We served with
rice and just put it right in our soup. So good!!!

Delight-InTheWay

Rating: Unrated

05/09/2016

10/21/10 From The Lord, Our God and Savior - The Word of The Lord Spoken to
Timothy During an Online Fellowship, For All Those Who Have Ears to
HearExcerpt:“Therefore, thus says The Lord: I have trumpeted the call to
awake, yet who has heard My call? Who has given heed and walked according to
the will of The Lord?... Wicked and slothful generation! DEAF CHILDREN! You
have forsaken Me, for you have filled this world with every kind of evil;
behold, you have reached new heights in wickedness! Thus I must blot out the
kingdoms of men, I must wipe them away and cast them from My sight, forever!
Never again shall they arise, never again shall the nations do evil in My
sight!” Excerpt from: www. TrumpetCallofGodOnline .com

Kimc

Rating: 5 stars

05/24/2015

****We tried this. Used powdered ginger, and only had a lemon, but turned out
fabulous! Did saute a small amount of onions for extra texture. Put over clear
noodles!!!! Us is a bi-weekly dish in our house now.

hannatoliver

Rating: 3 stars

12/05/2013

I made a few adjustments to finish it quickly. I used an already prepared
rotisserie chicken, small pkg of match stick carrots, 8 oz. pkg sliced
mushrooms, and honey instead of sugar. We had it with a side of rice. It was
one of the fastest meals I've ever made.

goodrel8

Rating: 5 stars

11/17/2013

Excellent version of a classic recipe. I had home made stock, but otherwise
made this pretty much as written other than using galangal instead of yellow
ginger. I think I probably doubled the fish sauce, now that I think about it.
Served with coconut brown basmati rice it made a wonderful, light dinner. I'll
definitely make this one again.

Seeshel143

Rating: 2 stars

09/03/2012

I added 1/2 can more of coconut soup, 2 tablespoons of sugar and tripled the
Thai Chili Paste. I also added bamboo shoots, water chestnuts and baby corn.
Oh, and just a little salt and pepper. Actually, it just needs a little extra
of all the ingredients listed above and then it's very delicious.

KrystynaO

Rating: 2 stars

05/19/2012

I feel like there is something lacking in this soup. It is missing depth to
the flavor. I added 2 more tbsp of fish sauce and 2 more tbsp of lime but the
flavor was still off. I omitted the chicken and chicken broth and added
vegetable broth and cubes of tofu. I also added tomato and broccoli. It is a
good base but needs some adjustment.

coco66

Rating: 4 stars

04/06/2012

I thought the flavour was great. I added more lime and lemongrass and curry
paste & omitted the sugar, added bok choy and reduced the amount of chicken by
half. I didn't have the galangal but thought it was very tasty regardless. I'd
definitely make it again and was surprised that it was a quick and easy soup
to make.

purpherder

Rating: 2 stars

03/26/2012

not bad for an amercanized version but not quite right either. lose the
basil,sugar, and half the chicken stalk. replace with i cup water, a small
pinch of turmeric, and about 3 times as much lime juice. also in response to
sunshine555 im curious where you got your facts, because you could not be more
wrong. please no offense , im curious to try adding eggplant.

djroberts777

Rating: 5 stars

03/20/2012

Tom Kha Gai (Spicy Coconut Chicken Soup) is one of THE most delicious Asian
soups I have ever tasted! It contains lots of flavors that can titillate all
of the taste bud receptors found on the human tongue (sweet, sour, salty and
spicy)! This soup can be found at most Thai restaurants, but isn't very cheap
and can easily be replicated at home by just about anyone who enjoys cooking
at home and trying new dishes. This version of Tom Kha Gai is the closest to
the authentic recipe I have found thus far, but is the more expensive versions
of the recipe. If you would like to make this soup, but don't want to spend as
much, a cheaper and still tasty version of this recipe can be found on this
web site posted by MIKEEMO as a "Community Recipe". The poster made an error
in the ingredient list, however, posting "1 Stalk" but not saying what the 1
stalk is. It's Lemongrass. Just FYI.

Sunshine555

Rating: 2 stars

03/10/2012

A tom kha gai soup must have galangal in it. That's what the name is about.
Kha in Thai means galangal. This recipe also lack of a very important
ingredient - lime leave! For a real taste and flavor, you must make a trip to
the Asian shop. Galangal, lemongrass, lime leave and bird eye chili all freeze
well. You can store them in the freezer for future use. For better flavor - 2
stick of lemongrass,(use only the white part) cut and CRUSHED. 5 lime leave,
torn. 4 tbsp fresh lime juice, 2 bird eye chili, crushed. 3 tbsp sugar and 4
tbsp fish sauce - I think this is better for the two cans of liquid(coconut
milk and broth)

nancytoby

Rating: 3 stars

02/08/2012

I made this in the crockpot (no lemongrass, sadly) and while it was tasty the
liquid separated, which gave it a very unappealing appearance. I strained it
and put it through the blender with a bit of xanthan gum to homogenize it and
it came back together, but that was a bit of a nuisance.

rlraville

Rating: 4 stars

01/21/2012

I added about a tablespoon of red curry paste to this soup and cracked open a
dried chili pepper for a little heat. It was great! Additionally, coconut has
a lot of health benefits so I feel good about eating this dish and it is
always better to make it than to buy it...for financial reasons as well as
health reasons.

Crystal82H

Rating: 3 stars

10/02/2011

I haven't made this yet, but have made a similar recipe... Was thinking of
adding some curry paste and curry seasoning to it since some reviews say it
was lacking flavor... and serve with a bowl of jasmine rice. ???

mtngrl37

Rating: 4 stars

09/20/2011

super easy recipe and very delicious. Served over rice. Added more chili paste
and fish sauce. consider next time more lemongrass too but very good basic
recipe.

ashfordmom1

Rating: 4 stars

09/09/2011

Great recipe! Quick and tasty, although I added more lime juice and some soy
sauce (no fish sauce). I also used veggie broth and tofu. Whole family enjoyed
it.

buckshrub

Rating: 5 stars

08/23/2011

i made this with tofu and veggie broth and it was superb, thanks!

Karen R

Rating: 5 stars

04/23/2011

My family loved this soup. It's a keeper!!

lardgal

Rating: 3 stars

01/19/2010

This is a good base recipe for Tom Kha Gai. I like to make the base with the
aromatics, then throughout the week, I reheat what I want to eat, adding
chicken, tofu, shrimp, spinach, bok choy, or anything that sounds like a good
addition. One pot can last me all week.

CowboyCook

Rating: 5 stars

04/22/2009

This is a very good recipe. My wife loves it. Just two observations: 1\. Since
it calls for fish sauce, know that there can be a WIDE range of tastes in fish
sauce. 2\. This is just as good, if not better, with shrimp instead of the
chicken.

Stub32

Rating: 5 stars

03/13/2009

This was exactly what I expected in a Thai soup. I did not use lemon grass
because I had everything but that. I put more mushrooms and kicked up the heat
a little only because my wife and I like things that way. Very good and easy.
Will make it again. I used noodles from Trader Joes which was also a nice
touch. They have the best egg noodles.

winegirl308

Rating: 2 stars

02/11/2009

This was okay the first night although it did not have very much flavor even
with the ginger and lemongrass and had too much chicken. Soup held badly and
was not good reheated for lunch the next day. I will be looking for a spicier
thai soup with more veggies.

outdoormama

Rating: 5 stars

02/03/2009

I have been experimenting with and looking for a simple, delicious recipe for
Tom Kha Gai for the last year, and I finally found it! It tastes as close to
those great restaurant flavors as I would wish, and I can make it quickly and
easily at home. I have already made this several times, and it is good every
time. For once, I would not change anything, except to double the recipe.
Also, to make it easier, you can get lemon grass paste in a squeeze tube in
the specialty produce section Enjoy!

DIANERENEE

Rating: 5 stars

12/12/2008

A very easy soup to make. It is quite awesome and lush! My family loved it.
The only thing I changed is I doubled the recipe and used frozen uncooked
chicken tenders. YUM!

jotadito

Rating: 3 stars

12/08/2008

This tasted okay- I will keep looking for a more flavorful tom kha gai recipe.
I added more lime juice to brighten the flavor, and added steamed broccoli to
the soup to improve its nutritional profile. My husband liked it well enough,
but it didn't wow either of us.

J0hanna

Rating: 5 stars

11/24/2008

A keeper! Our family loved this. To bulk it up, I started with 1 cup of
jasmine rice boiled in a can of chicken broth, and then followed the recipe.
Thanks

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Thai Chicken Coconut Soup (Tom Kha Gai)

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Thai Chicken Coconut Soup (Tom Kha Gai)

##  All Reviews for Thai Chicken Coconut Soup (Tom Kha Gai)

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

MyRecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithMyRecipes.com is part of the Allrecipes Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporation. MyRecipes is a registered trademark of Meredith
Corporation All Rights Reserved. MyRecipes may receive compensation for some
links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to
change without notice.  Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of
Servicethis link opens in a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab
California Do Not Sellthis link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis
link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 MyRecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.myrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Thai Chicken Coconut Soup (Tom Kha Gai)

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

