https://recipes.timesofindia.com/recipes/tom-kha-gai-soup/rs62382686.cms


+

Ã—

Thanks For Rating

 __

Reminder Successfully Set!

Comments (0)

Sort: NewestUpVotedOldestDiscussedDown Voted

closecomments

Your Rating:

12345

(Tap and add)

  * Nice recipe
  * Will try out
  * Worth trying
  * Wonderful recipe
  * That's yummy
  * Looks delicious
  * I enjoyed this recipe
  * Helpful recipe

Submit

Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory,
and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred
against any community. **Help us delete comments** that do not follow these
guidelines **by marking them offensive**. Let's work together to keep the
conversation civil.

Add to collections

Tom Kha Gai Soup

Add

Save

Tom Kha Gai Soup

Your Rating

12345

Good0

Your Rating has been successfully submitted.

Write a review (Optional)

(Tap and add)

  * Nice recipe
  * Will try out
  * Worth trying
  * Wonderful recipe
  * That's yummy
  * Looks delicious
  * I enjoyed this recipe
  * Helpful recipe

SubmitSubmit

Characters Remaining: 3000

  
  
  
Your Rating has been successfully submitted.

Times Food

  * Open App 

  * Hello! __

    * My Profile
    * My Times
    * Help
    * Log Out

  * Log In __

  * Home
  * Recipes _+_

    * Paneer Recipes
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Biryani Recipes
    * Potato Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * Mutton Recipes
    * Rice Recipes
    * Street Food
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Tandoor Recipes
    * Microwave Recipes
    * One-Pot Meals 
    * Comfort Food
    * Sunday Brunch
    * High Tea
    * Weekend Breakfasts
    * Beverages

  *  _New_ Rakhi
  * Health _+_

    * Diabetic
    * Low-Carb
    * Vegan
    * Keto
    * Gluten Free
    * Low Cholesterol
    * High Fibre 
    * Low Calorie
    * Dairy Free
    * High Protein

  * Cuisines _+_

    * Greek
    * Mexican
    * North Indian
    * Continental
    * Mughlai
    * Chinese
    * Punjabi
    * South Indian
    * Italian
    * Rajasthani
    * Jain
    * Bengali
    * Gujarati
    * American
    * Goan
    * Mediterranean
    * French
    * Satvik
    * Asian
    * Kashmiri
    * Maharashtrian
    * Fusion
    * East Indian
    * West India
    * Thai

  * Desserts _+_

    * No Bake Desserts
    * Cookies
    * Cakes
    * Birthday Cakes
    * North Indian Desserts
    * South Indian Desserts
    * Punjabi Desserts
    * Goan Desserts
    * Gujarati Desserts
    * Rajasthani Desserts
    * Bengali Desserts

  * Diet Plans _+_

    * Low Carb
    * Gluten Free
    * Keto Recipes

  * Courses _+_

    * Soups
    * Snacks
    * Salads
    * Appetizers
    * Finger Food
    * Veg Snacks
    * Breakfast
    * Lunch
    * Veg Dinners 
    * Dinners
    * Biryani
    * Paratha
    * Kebab
    * Sandwiches
    * Desserts
    * Party Snacks
    * Dips
    * Kids

  * Features _+_

    * Food News
    * Kitchen Hacks
    * Health
    * Food Facts
    * Food Trips
    * Trending

  *  __Recipe Videos
  * Boardroom Kitchen

 __

Search

Advanced Search

ADD A RECIPE

Add a Recipe

 __

 _Add Food_ Add Food Recipe _Add Drink_ Add Beverage Recipe

__

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Wondering what to cook today? Sign up to get daily ideas on meals

Wondering what to cook today? Subscribe to get daily ideas on meals

Daily Newsletter

Editor's pick on the best recipes, articles and videos.

Weekly Newsletter

You have been successfully subscribed to the Food Newsletter

SUBSCRIBE

You can always unsubscribe later

By subscribing to newsletter, you acknowledge our privacy policy

 __

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Wondering what to cook today? Sign up to get daily ideas on meals

Wondering what to cook today? Subscribe to get daily ideas on meals

Daily Newsletter

Editor's pick on the best recipes, articles and videos.

Weekly Newsletter

We are sad to see you go!

You have been successfully unsubscribed from the Food Newsletter

SUBSCRIBE

Click here

to Unsubscribe

By subscribing to newsletter, you acknowledge our privacy policy

FoodBeverages __

  * Type __
  * Cuisines __
  * Courses& Meals __
  * Cooking Skills __
  * Cooking Time __
  * Cooking Method __
  * Dietary Restrictions __

  * Veg
  * Non veg 
  * Eggetarian 
  * Vegan 

Include

Exclude

  * North Indian 
  * South Indian 
  * Chinese 
  * Asian 
  * Italian 
  * Mughlai 
  * American 
  * Punjabi 
  * Mediterranean 
  * Mexican 
  * Gujarati 
  * Fusion 
  * Thai 
  * Sattvik 
  * Maharashtrian 
  * Rajasthani 
  * Malabar Cuisine 
  * Bengali 
  * Bihari 
  * Konkani 
  * Goan 
  * Kashmiri 
  * Vietnamese 
  * Middle Eastern 
  * Parsi 
  * French 
  * Australian 

  * Low Cal 
  * Gluten Free 
  * Diabetic 
  * Low Carb 
  * Low Cholestrol 
  * Weight loss 
  * Balanced Diet 
  * Zero Oil 
  * Low Sodium 
  * High Fiber 
  * Pregnancy 
  * Nursing 
  * High Protein 
  * Dairy Free 
  * Tree Nut Free 

  * Soups & Stews 
  * Appetizers 
  * Salads 
  * Dip 
  * Side Dishes 
  * Mains 
  * Dessert 
  * Cake 
  * Breakfast 
  * Brunch 
  * Lunch 
  * Tiffin 
  * Snacks 
  * High tea 
  * Sandwiches & Wraps 
  * Chaat 
  * Dinner 
  * Kids 

  * Baked 
  * Boiled 
  * BBQ 
  * Grilled 
  * Microwaved 
  * Tandoor 
  * No Cook 
  * Pan Fried 
  * Stir Fry 
  * Roasted 
  * Slow Cooked 
  * Deep Fried 
  * Steamed 
  * Smoked 
  * Sauteed 
  * Simmered 

  * Easy 
  * Intermediate 
  * Expert 

  * Within 30 min 
  * Within 1 hr 
  * Within 1.5 hr 
  * Within 2 hr 

  * Cocktail 
  * Non Alcoholic 

  * Base   
Alcohol

  * Category
  * By flavor   
profile

  * By flavor   
profile

  * Bitter 
  * Creamy 
  * Fruity 
  * Salty 
  * Sour 
  * Spicy 
  * Sweet 

**Liquors**

  * Beer 
  * Black Rum 
  * Brandy 
  * Bourbon Whiskey 
  * Gin 
  * Ginger Beer 
  * Irish Whiskey 
  * Malibu White Rum 
  * Port Wine 
  * Red Wine 
  * Scotch Whiskey 
  * Single Malt Whiskey 
  * Sloe Gin 
  * Tequilla 
  * Dry Vermouth 
  * Vodka 
  * White Rum 
  * Dry White Wine 

**Liqueurs**

  * Amaretto 
  * Apple Liqueur 
  * Baileys Irish Cream 
  * Bitters 
  * Cointreu 
  * Expresso Liqueur 
  * Ginger Liqueur 
  * Herbal Liqueur 
  * Kahlua 
  * Lemon Liqueur 
  * Limoncello 
  * Peach Schnapps 
  * Sweet Herbal Liqueur 
  * Triple Sec 
  * Whiskey Based Liqueur 

  * Bitter 
  * Creamy 
  * Fruity 
  * Salty 
  * Sour 
  * Spicy 
  * Sweet 

  * Coffees 
  * Juices 
  * Mocktails 
  * Shakes 
  * Smoothies 
  * Teas 

Clear AllApply Filters

  * Times Food
  * Recipes
  * Tom Kha Gai Soup

# Tom Kha Gai Soup Recipe

by TNN

Updated : Nov 27, 2018, 17:53 IST

Avg. Rating

0 Rate

Your Rating

 __Comments (10)

  * SHARE
  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Pinit
  * Print

  * Total Time30m
  * Prep Time10 m
  * Calories328

 __Bookmark __Add To Collection

Tom Kha Gai Soup is the most popular Thai soup recipe loaded with scrumptious
flavours. It is an easy-to-make healthy soup recipe that you can prepare for
your friends and family in chilled winters. One of the plus points of this
quick chicken soup recipe is that it require just a handful of ingredients
which are easily available in local markets. This delectable soup recipe is an
ultimate blend of creaminess and chicken chunks, that melt in your mouth
exquisitely. It is an all time favourite non-vegetarian recipe for the meat
lovers, who can cherish it fervently on occasions like kitty parties, potlucks
and game nights. Prepare this lip-smacking soup for your near and dear ones in
sickness and in health. Enjoy!

Read moreRead less

## Ingredients of Tom Kha Gai Soup

4 Servings1 Serving2 Servings3 Servings4 Servings5 Servings6 Servings7
Servings8 Servings9 Servings10 Servings11 Servings12 Servings13 Servings14
Servings15 Servings16 Servings17 Servings18 Servings19 Servings20 Servings

  * 250 gm chicken breasts
  * 1 cup coconut cream
  * 2 tablespoon fish sauce
  * 1 tablespoon ginger
  * salt as required

  * 1/2 tablespoon vegetable oil
  * 1 cup water
  * 2 tablespoon lime juice
  * chilli flakes as required

For Garnishing

  * 1 tablespoon green onion

  * 1/2 tablespoon cilantro

### How to make Tom Kha Gai Soup

  * #### Step 1

To prepare this delicious soup recipe, start by cutting chicken breasts in
thin strips. Then, put a non-stick pan on medium flame and heat oil in it.
When the oil is hot enough, add chicken strips in it and stir-fry them for a
minute or two.

  * ##### Step 2

Cook the chicken strips until they are tender and then pour coconut cream in
it. Mix well and then add water in the pan and let the mixture boil. Reduce
the heat to low flame and then add lime juice, fish sauce and ginger in the
pan. Season well with salt and chilli flakes. Using a spoon, mix all the
ingredients well.

  * ###### Step 3

Let the soup cook by simmering it for a few minutes and when it is thick
enough, turn off the flame. The soup is ready, garnish with fresh cilantro
leaves and green onions. Serve hot along with your favourite bread.

Comments(10)

Rate this Recipe

12345

0

Your Rating has been successfully submitted.

Write a review (Optional)

(Tap and add)

  * Nice recipe
  * Will try out
  * Worth trying
  * Wonderful recipe
  * That's yummy
  * Looks delicious
  * I enjoyed this recipe
  * Helpful recipe

SubmitSubmit

  
  
  
Your Rating has been successfully submitted.

## SUBSCRIBE NOW

### Liked our recipe collection?

Subscribe to receive easy recipes in your inbox

Subscribe

By subscribing to newsletter, you acknowledge our privacy policy

Recipes you may like

  * Chicken Soup

55m

  * Chickpea Tomato Soup

40m

  * Ravioli Soup

30m

  * Celery Soup

30m

Next Recipe

Promoted Stories

## SUBSCRIBE NOW

### Liked our recipe collection?

Subscribe to receive easy recipes in your inbox

Subscribe

By subscribing to newsletter, you acknowledge our privacy policy

Latest Recipes

  * Fried Masala Potatoes
  * Berry Ice Cream
  * Brazilian Lemonade
  * Indian Spicy Mocha

Featured Recipes

  * Rava Upma
  * Pink Sauce Pasta
  * Red Velvet Cookies
  * Indian-style Trail Mix
  * Chicken Cheese Sandwich

Popular Recipes

Mutton CurryPunjabi Mutton CurryChicken Biryani RecipeChristmas
MimosaChristmas PuddingRoasted TurkeyChristmas Stollen CakeChristmas
CakePaneer Chilli DryDark Chocolate CoffeeEggless Christmas CakeChocolate
Vanilla PuddingChicken Curry RecipeShahi Paneer RecipePav Bhaji RecipeAloo
Paratha Recipe

TIMES FOOD

FAQ's

Feedback

Authors

Terms and Conditions

Privacy Policy

About us

Contact us

Cookie Policy

Subscribe

RSS

Do Not Sell

Follow us on

  *   *   *   *   *   *   *   * 

Popular Picks

Muradabadi Chicken RecipeKeema recipeGluten Free FoodsVirgin Mojito
RecipeLemon Mint Juice RecipeKashmiri Kahwa RecipeAmla Juice RecipeLemon Grass
Juice RecipeChinese RecipesLemon Ginger Juice RecipeBlack Tea RecipeGobhi
Paratha RecipeGreek Salad recipeApple Shake RecipeGinger Tea Recipe

Popular Recipes

Kadhai Chicken RecipeAloo Paratha RecipeCold Coffee recipePuran Poli
RecipePalak Paneer RecipeRasgulla RecipeKhichdi RecipeGulab Jamun RecipeSamosa
recipeLemon Rice RecipeUpma RecipeVeg Biryani RecipeChicken 65 recipeSooji
Halwa RecipeChicken Manchurian Recipe

Recipe Videos

Aloo Paratha Recipe VideoChicken Biryani Recipe VideoPav Bhaji Recipe
VideoShahi Paneer Recipe VideoChicken Pizza Recipe VideoPaneer Biryani Recipe
VideoDiwali Cleaning TipsSamosa Recipe VideoPerfect Pasta TipsMethi Paratha
Recipe VideoGondh ke Laddoo Recipe VideoChicken Masala Recipe VideoAndhra
Mutton Roast Recipe VideoKerala Fish Recipe VideoNachos Pizza Recipe Video

Cuisines

Thai Food RecipesJain RecipesChinese RecipesAsian RecipesBengali Food
RecipesPunjabi RecipesMughlai RecipesItalian Food RecipesMexican RecipesNorth
Indian Food RecipesRajasthani RecipesSouth Indian RecipesContinental Food
RecipesSatvik Recipes

Courses & Meals

Salad RecipesDesserts & SweetsKebab RecipesParatha RecipesBiryani
RecipesDinner RecipesVeg DinnersLunch RecipesBreakfast RecipesVeg SnacksFinger
Food RecipesAppetizer RecipesSnack RecipesSoup Recipes

Healthy Meals

Diabetic RecipesLow Cholesterol RecipesCookiesDinner RecipesParatha
RecipesSalad RecipesSnack RecipesSoup RecipesParty Snacks RecipesDesserts &
SweetsSandwich RecipesKebab RecipesAppetizer RecipesVeg SnacksBreakfast
RecipesBiryani Recipes

Copyright 2022 Bennett coleman and co. ltd.All rights reserved.The Times of
India. | For reprint rights: Times syndication service

