https://thephotowali.wordpress.com/2019/01/21/vegetarian-khao-suey-how-to-make-burmese-veg-khow-suey/


Skip to content

Primary Menu

# The World Through My Eyes

## The way I see it from behind my camera lens

Search for:

Close Menu

  * Home
  * About Me
  * Work With Me
  * Contact

Follow The World Through My Eyes on WordPress.com

# Follow me on Facebook!

> Follow me on Facebook!

# Recent Posts

  * Vengaya Kose| Chettinad Onion & Potato Gravy
  * Vendakkai Poriyal| Bhindi Ki Sabzi
  * Kacchi Keri Ni Kadhi| Raw Mango Kadhi
  * Methi Zunka| Jhunka
  * Pressure Cooker Sweet Corn Pulav

Search for:

# Recent Comments

| sizzlingtastebuds on Vengaya Kose| Chettinad Onion…  
---|---  
| The Girl Next Door on Vengaya Kose| Chettinad Onion…  
| Kavuni arisi halwa |… on Vengaya Kose| Chettinad Onion…  
| Vengaya Kose| Chetti… on One-Pot Thai Eggplant Sweet…  
| Vengaya Kose| Chetti… on Pasi Paruppu Sambar|Tiffin Sam…  
  
# Archives

  * August 2022
  * July 2022
  * June 2022
  * May 2022
  * April 2022
  * March 2022
  * February 2022
  * January 2022
  * December 2021
  * November 2021
  * October 2021
  * September 2021
  * August 2021
  * July 2021
  * June 2021
  * May 2021
  * April 2021
  * March 2021
  * February 2021
  * January 2021
  * December 2020
  * November 2020
  * October 2020
  * September 2020
  * August 2020
  * July 2020
  * June 2020
  * May 2020
  * April 2020
  * March 2020
  * February 2020
  * January 2020
  * December 2019
  * November 2019
  * October 2019
  * September 2019
  * August 2019
  * July 2019
  * June 2019
  * May 2019
  * April 2019
  * March 2019
  * February 2019
  * January 2019
  * December 2018
  * November 2018
  * October 2018
  * September 2018
  * August 2018
  * July 2018
  * June 2018
  * May 2018
  * April 2018
  * March 2018
  * February 2018
  * January 2018
  * December 2017
  * November 2017
  * October 2017
  * September 2017
  * August 2017
  * July 2017
  * June 2017
  * May 2017
  * April 2017
  * March 2017
  * February 2017
  * January 2017
  * December 2016
  * November 2016
  * October 2016
  * September 2016
  * January 2015
  * December 2014
  * August 2014
  * June 2014
  * May 2014
  * April 2014
  * March 2014
  * February 2014
  * January 2014
  * December 2013

# The things I write about

Amdavad A To Z Recipe Challenge Bangalore Bubboo Calcutta Doing My Bit Events
Fat Mum Slim Food Foodie Monday Bloghop Goa Healthy Wellthy Cuisines
Incredible India Kumbakonam Life's like that Madurai Musings Nature Northeast
India Occasions Photo-A-Day Challenge Places Products & Services Recipes Shhhh
Cooking Secretly Thailand The OH The stuff that mothers are made of Travel
tales Uncategorized

# Categories

Categories Select Category A To Z Recipe Challenge Amdavad Awards Bangalore
Blogs Bollywood Bookish Musings Bubboo Bucket List Calcutta Collaborations
Doing My Bit Events Fat Mum Slim Food Food Blogger Recipe Swap Foodie Monday
Bloghop Goa Guest Post Healthy Wellthy Cuisines Incredible India Interviews
Kanha Kashmir Kerala Kumbakonam Life's like that Literary travel Madras
Madurai Meme Musings My Legume Love Affair Mysore Nature Northeast India
Occasions Ooty Photo-A-Day Challenge Places Products & Services Pune Recipe
Swap Challenge Recipes Shhhh Cooking Secretly Shirdi Thailand The OH The stuff
that mothers are made of Travel tales Uncategorized wayanad

# Meta

  * Register
  * Log in
  * Entries feed
  * Comments feed
  * WordPress.com

# Vegetarian Khao Suey| How To Make Burmese Veg Khow Suey

_Khao Suey_ is one of my most favourite things ever. It is the dish I am,
almost always, the most drawn to, whenever I visit a Pan-Asian restaurant.

A one-bowl hearty meal in itself, the _Khao Suey_ or _Khow Suey_ hails from
Burma (Myanmar). The typical _Khao Suey_ is non-vegetarian, with pieces of
cooked chicken added to a flavourful curried coconut milk broth, served with
egg noodles. However, with time, as the _Khao Suey_ crossed the boundaries of
Burma and became a hot favourite across several countries, vegetarian versions
began to emerge. Today, vegetarian _Khao Suey_ is commonly available in high-
end restaurants, at least here in Bangalore.

Today, I present to you my version of vegetarian _Khao Suey_ , made using
ingredients that are easily available in India. It might not be the most
authentic of recipes, as they go, but I can say it tastes quite close to the
_Khao Suey_ we have gobbled up in several restaurants and loved. This version
tastes equally delicious, and is not too tough to whip up either.

Let us now check out how to make Burmese Veg _Khow Suey_.

**Ingredients (serves 4):**

**Veggies and** _ **paneer**_ :

  1. 4-5 cloves of garlic
  2. 1 small carrot
  3. 1/2 of a small zucchini
  4. 3 large pieces of babycorn
  5. 2 large mushrooms
  6. 3-4 beans
  7. 1/2 of a small capsicum
  8. 2 tablespoons shelled green peas
  9. 2 medium-sized florets of broccoli
  10. A small piece of cottage cheese aka _paneer_

**To grind:**

  1. A 1-inch piece of ginger
  2. 4-5 cloves of garlic
  3. 1 small onion
  4. 1 tablespoon fresh coriander stems
  5. 3 dry red chillies
  6. 2 big kaffir lime leaves
  7. A handful of lemongrass leaves
  8. 1 teaspoon _sambar_ powder
  9. 1/2 teaspoon turmeric powder
  10. 1-1/2 teaspoon coriander seeds
  11. 1-1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds

**Other ingredients:**

  1. 400 ml coconut cream
  2. 200 grams noodles
  3. 1 tablespoon + 1 tablespoon of oil
  4. Salt to taste
  5. 2 tablespoons jaggery powder or to taste
  6. 1/2 teaspoon turmeric powder

**For garnishing:**

  1. 1 medium-sized onion
  2. 4 tablespoons peanuts
  3. A little oil, for deep frying
  4. 1 lemon
  5. 2 tablespoons finely chopped fresh coriander leaves

**Method:**

**We will first prepare the spice paste that will go into the** ** **
_Khao_**** ** _Suey_** **.**

  1. Get all the ingredients under the 'To Grind' list together.
  2. Peel the ginger, garlic and onion. Chop the ginger and onion into large-ish pieces.
  3. Transfer all the ingredients to a small mixer jar. Add a little water, and grind to a coarse paste. Keep aside.

**Next, we will prep the veggies and paneer that will go into the** **
_Khao_** **_Suey_** **.**

  1. Peel the garlic and chop finely.
  2. Peel the carrot and chop into small pieces.
  3. Chop zucchini into small pieces. There is no need to peel the zucchini.
  4. Chop the babycorn into thin rounds.
  5. Chop the _paneer_ , mushrooms and broccoli into small pieces.
  6. Remove strings from the beans. Chop into small pieces.

**Let us now boil the noodles and keep them ready.**

  1. Take the noodles in a pan. Add in just enough water to cover the noodles.
  2. Add in some salt and 1 tablespoon oil.
  3. Set the pan on high heat. Let the noodles cook till they are _al dente_ (cooked through, but not mushy).
  4. At this stage, pour the noodles into a colander. Let the excess water drain out. Run some cold tap water over the noodles. Keep aside.

**Now, we will prepare the broth for the** ** _Khao Suey_** **.**

  1. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a pan. Add in the finely chopped garlic and saute for a minute.
  2. Now, add in all the veggies that we prepped earlier (carrot, zucchini, beans, broccoli, babycorn, mushroom, capsicum) and the shelled green peas. Add salt to taste. Saute the veggies till they are cooked, but still retain a bit of a crunch.
  3. Add the spice paste we prepared earlier, to the pan. Mix well, and cook for a couple of seconds.
  4. Turn the flame to medium. To the pan, add in the coconut cream, jaggery powder and turmeric. Add in the _paneer_ cubes. Mix well, but gently, ensuring that the _paneer_ cubes don't break. Taste and adjust salt if needed.
  5. Cook on medium flame till the coconut milk comes to a boil. Switch off gas. If the raw smell of the spice paste hasn't gone yet, you can simmer the broth for a minute or so.

**Now, we will make preparations to serve the** ** _Khao Suey_** **.**

  1. Cut the lemon into wedges. Keep ready.
  2. Heat a little oil for deep frying in a pan.
  3. Chop the onion (for the garnish) into thin slices, and fry them in the hot oil till crisp and brown. Ensure that they do not burn. Transfer to a plate and keep aside.
  4. In the same oil, fry the peanuts till crisp and brown. Ensure that they do not burn. Transfer to a plate and keep aside.

**Now, we are ready to serve the** ** _Khao Suey_** **!**

  1. Drop an equal amount of the cooked noodles into 4 serving bowls.
  2. Ladle a generous amount of the hot broth into each serving bowl.
  3. Garnish each bowl with some finely chopped coriander, fried onions and peanuts, and a couple of wedges of lemon. Serve immediately.

**Notes:**

  1. You can use any type of noodles you prefer, to make this Vegetarian _Khao Suey._ Here, I have used a ready-to-use packet of whole wheat noodles.
  2. I have used _paneer_ here, which you can substitute with tofu.
  3. You can use any vegetables of your choice to make the _Khao Suey_. Here I have used the vegetables I had on hand at the moment. Ensure that you cut the vegetables and paneer into small pieces for the _Khao Suey_ - it tastes best that way.
  4. Make sure you don't overcook the vegetables or the noodles, for best results.
  5. Adjust the quantity of water you use, depending upon how thick you would like the _Khao Suey_ to be.
  6. Adjust the quantity of jaggery powder and salt as per personal taste preferences. Also, sugar can be used in place of the jaggery powder - I prefer the latter.
  7. I have used home-made _sambar_ powder to make the curried coconut broth for the _Khao Suey_. You can use _garam masala_ instead, too, but I prefer _sambar_ powder.
  8. Adjust the quantity of dry red chillies you use, depending upon personal taste preferences. I have used 2 _Bydagi_ chillies and 1 Salem _Gundu_ chilli here, and the spiciness was just right for us.
  9. I have used a 400 ml can of Real Thai Coconut Cream to make the _Khao Suey_. Coconut cream is quite thick, so I have used about 1 cup of water to make the broth. The coconut cream can be substituted with coconut milk (home-made or store-bought) - just use about 500 ml of thick coconut milk in that case. If needed, you can add in a little gram flour to thicken the broth. Use water if needed, otherwise skip it entirely.
  10. Please do not be intimidated by the long list of ingredients for the _Khao Suey_. It is a very simple dish to put together. Only basic prep work is needed, and then, it is a matter of minutes to get the _Khao Suey_ ready.
  11. Ensure that you keep the flame at medium while adding the coconut cream/milk. Cook the broth on a medium flame to prevent curdling.
  12. The use of store-bought coconut cream and _paneer_ here does not make this the healthiest dish. If you can swap these two ingredients for home-made coconut milk and _paneer_ , you transform this into a (relatively) healthy dish.

***************

This recipe is for the Foodie Monday Blog Hop. The theme for the week is
#FoodMagBest, wherein participants have to cook up recipes that are worthy of
the front cover of a magazine. Quite an interesting theme, right?

This week's theme was decided upon by Seema of Mildly Indian. I chose to
demonstrate how to make Burmese Veg _Khow Suey_ , for the theme.

**************

I'm sharing this recipe with Fiesta Friday #260. The co-hosts this week are
Mollie @ Frugal Hausfrau and Diann @ Of Goats and Greens.

### Share this:

  * Twitter
  * Facebook
  * Pinterest
  * 

### Like this:

Like Loading...

### _Related_

January 21, 2019February 1, 2019 The Girl Next Door

# Post navigation

<- Postcards From The 75th Ayappan Festival, Tattamangalam, Kerala

Strawberry & Grape Salad ->

##  36 thoughts on "Vegetarian Khao Suey| How To Make Burmese Veg Khow Suey"

  1. **sizzlingtastebuds** says:

January 21, 2019 at 7:08 am

Priya - love Khousuey and that’s a pretty capture especially with the lime
wedged inside the gravy ! Yummm.. Am gonna try ur recipe very soon ..

LikeLike

Reply

    1. **The Girl Next Door** says:

January 21, 2019 at 7:45 am

@sizzlingtastebuds

Thank you! 🙂

LikeLike

Reply

  2. **Neetha** says:

January 22, 2019 at 2:29 am

looks very delicious. This is one of my favs too :). Have never made this at
home. Thanks for sharing the recipe..

LikeLike

Reply

    1. **The Girl Next Door** says:

January 22, 2019 at 5:17 am

@Neetha

Thank you!

Khao Suey is quite easy to make at home. Do try out the recipe some time. 🙂

LikeLike

Reply

  3. **Vidya Narayan** says:

January 22, 2019 at 6:57 am

I loved the visuals, the recipe and this is a one bowl delicious meal (a
filling one that too) for sure!

LikeLike

Reply

    1. **The Girl Next Door** says:

January 22, 2019 at 5:16 am

@Vidya Narayan

Thank you so much, Vidya!

LikeLike

Reply

  4. **mayurisjikoni** says:

January 22, 2019 at 6:24 pm

Definitely a hearty meal, one which I have the recipe to try out someday. Love
the click, makes the meal so welcoming.

LikeLike

Reply

    1. **The Girl Next Door** says:

January 23, 2019 at 4:54 am

@Mayurisjikoni

Thank you so much! 🙂

LikeLiked by 1 person

Reply

  5. **Sujata Shukla** says:

January 23, 2019 at 9:45 pm

A warm looking dish, comfort food, Im sure. The image is so striking, with the
lemon slice catching the eye. The recipe sounds filling and delicious too.

LikeLike

Reply

    1. **The Girl Next Door** says:

January 23, 2019 at 5:27 pm

@Sujata Shukla

Thank you so much! I'm so glad to hear you liked the recipe and the picture. 🙂

LikeLike

Reply

  6. **poonampagar** says:

January 23, 2019 at 9:56 pm

Your pics are simply droolesome Priya ! This Khao Suey sounds so comforting
and filling ! Bookmarking the recipe. Thanks for the wonderful share.

LikeLike

Reply

    1. **The Girl Next Door** says:

January 23, 2019 at 5:27 pm

@poonampagar

Thank you so much! I hope you will try this out some time soon. Waiting for
your feedback. 🙂

LikeLike

Reply

  7. **preethi76** says:

January 24, 2019 at 4:21 am

Such a tempting and delicious bowl. I am sure iit is filling too.Bookmarking
this recipe.Fantastic share for the theme Priya.

LikeLike

Reply

    1. **The Girl Next Door** says:

January 24, 2019 at 4:41 am

@preethi

Thank you so much! 🙂 Glad you liked the recipe.

LikeLike

Reply

  8. **FoodTrails** says:

January 24, 2019 at 10:58 am

What a delicious bowl of comfort!! Loved the crisp clear pics!! Very nicely
explained recipe.. lovely share!!

LikeLike

Reply

    1. **The Girl Next Door** says:

January 24, 2019 at 6:24 am

@FoodTrails

Thank you so much! 🙂

LikeLike

Reply

  9. **Batter Up With Sujata** says:

January 25, 2019 at 2:57 pm

Loved this comforting filling and delicious bow. Beautiful capture. Bookmaking
it to try soon. Really drool worthy share.

LikeLike

Reply

    1. **The Girl Next Door** says:

January 25, 2019 at 11:59 am

@Batter Up With Sujata

Thank you so much! 🙂

LikeLike

Reply

  10. **Divya Deepak** says:

January 28, 2019 at 4:27 pm

Hello, I tried this out and it was so yummy… thanks for the detailed recipe.

LikeLike

Reply

    1. **The Girl Next Door** says:

January 28, 2019 at 5:10 pm

@Divya Deepak

I'm so, so glad to hear that! Yay! 🙂 Thank you for letting me know.

LikeLike

Reply

  11. **goatsandgreens** says:

January 31, 2019 at 2:07 pm

This looks excellent, thanks for sharing with Fiesta Friday. I've never eaten
any Burmese cuisine, sounds like a Must Try to me!

LikeLike

Reply

    1. **The Girl Next Door** says:

January 31, 2019 at 4:22 pm

@goatsandgreens

Khao Suey is a great place to start exploring Burmese cuisine! 🙂

LikeLike

Reply

  12. **themadscientistskitchen** says:

January 31, 2019 at 3:30 pm

The long prep puts me off making the soup again. But the flavour…. are to die
for. Love the picture you have it is clear n crisp. Beautifully presented and
just what the theme needs.

LikeLike

Reply

    1. **The Girl Next Door** says:

January 31, 2019 at 4:19 pm

@themadscientistskitchen

Thank you! Prepping for Khao Suey is not all that tough - come on! And, like
you say, the flavours are to die for. 🙂

LikeLike

Reply

  13. **Sasmita Sahoo Samanta** says:

January 31, 2019 at 3:49 pm

The click looks awesome Priya !!! Such a hearty comforting bowl of meal. Khao
suey I’ll surey try soon as this is veg one

LikeLike

Reply

    1. **The Girl Next Door** says:

January 31, 2019 at 10:22 am

@Sasmita Sahoo Samanta

Do try this out some time. Thank you! 🙂

LikeLike

Reply

  14. **Seema Doraiswamy Sriram** says:

January 31, 2019 at 4:01 pm

I missed visiting you, I so loved this recipe and would have been begging you
to make it if I had the opportunity. Picture perfect and fab one for the theme

LikeLike

Reply

    1. **The Girl Next Door** says:

January 31, 2019 at 10:32 am

@Seema Doraiswamy Sriram

Awww! You should definitely come over the next time you are in Bangalore. 🙂

LikeLike

Reply

  15. **Zeba@Food For The Soul** says:

February 2, 2019 at 1:51 pm

This looks beautiful with all the flavors I love. Look forward to making it
this weekend hopefully! Thanks for sharing this wonderful recipe.

LikeLike

Reply

    1. **The Girl Next Door** says:

February 2, 2019 at 2:21 pm

@Zeba @ Food For The Soul

Glad you liked the recipe. Waiting to hear your feedback. 🙂

LikeLiked by 1 person

Reply

  16. **Veena Krishnakumar** says:

February 3, 2019 at 5:51 pm

What a beautiful capture of such a comfort food. I want to make this asap.
Looks too inviting

LikeLike

Reply

    1. **The Girl Next Door** says:

February 3, 2019 at 2:33 pm

@Veena Krishnakumar

Thank you so much! Do try this out some time. 🙂

LikeLike

Reply

  17. Pingback: Burmese Veg Khow Suey - Break&Binge

  18. Pingback: Broccoli Almond Soup| Broccoli Soup - The World Through My Eyes

  19. **Renuka** says:

August 8, 2021 at 6:51 pm

This looks so interesting! Sambar powder in khow suey, who would’ve thunk!! 😀😀
I love khow suey.. hope to try this sometime soon, thanks for sharing!

LikeLike

Reply

    1. **The Girl Next Door** says:

August 8, 2021 at 1:49 pm

@Renuka

Thank you! Do try it out some time. 🙂

Some versions of Khao Suey use curry powder, the ingredients of which are
quite similar to sambar powder. So I used sambar powder and the end result was
lovely!

LikeLike

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Enter your comment here...

Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:

  *   *   *   * 

Email (required) (Address never made public)

Name (required)

Website

****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out /  Change )

****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out /  Change )

****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out /  Change )

Cancel

Connecting to %s

Notify me of new comments via email.

Notify me of new posts via email.

Δ

Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.

Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website,
you agree to their use.  
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:  Cookie Policy

  * Follow Following

    * The World Through My Eyes 

Join 946 other followers

Sign me up

    * Already have a WordPress.com account? Log in now.

  *     * The World Through My Eyes 
    * Customize
    * Follow Following
    * Sign up
    * Log in
    * Copy shortlink
    * Report this content
    * View post in Reader 
    * Manage subscriptions
    * Collapse this bar



##

##

Loading Comments...



Write a Comment...

Email (Required) Name (Required) Website

###

%d bloggers like this:

