https://www.sbs.com.au/food/recipes/chicken-black-bean-sauce


Sign out

Sign in / Create an account

  * Who Do You Think You Are?
  * Voices
  * Indigenous
  * Census Explorer
  * COVID-19 in language

  * SBS HOME

  * On Demand

  * Guide
    * By Day

    * By Channel

    * By Genre

    * By Language

  * Radio
    * Radio Schedule

    * SBS Arabic24

    * SBS Chill

    * SBS PopAsia

    * SBS PopDesi

    * SBS Radio App

    * SBS Settlement Guide

    * Your Language

    * Radio Podcasts

  * Languages

  * News
    * Dateline

    * Insight

    * The Point

    * The Feed

    * NITV News

    * Small Business Secrets

  * Sport

  * Food

  * SBS Learn

Food

  * Food home
    * Pitch to us
  * Watch
    * SBS Food CH 33
    * Cook like an Italian with Silvia Colloca
    * Food Safari
    * Plat du Tour
    * The Cook Up with Adam Liaw
    * The Streets with Dan Hong
    * What's on TV
    * A-Z food programs
  * Cook
    * Recipe search
    * Recipe videos
    * This week's top picks
    * Bite-sized
    * Recipe index
  * Read
    * From the Food desk
    * Feels like home
    * Play with your food
    * Eat well
    * Feaster
    * Institutions
    * Be a better cook
    * Bite-sized
  * Win

Trending

a-peel-ing recipes

Baguette Studios

velveting meat

subscribe

strudel stories

cook Malaysian

Advanced search

Chinese

# Chicken with black bean sauce

  * Chicken with black bean sauce (Phaidon Press)Source: Phaidon Press

Previous Next Show Grid

  * 

  1. 

Previous Next Hide Grid

Image

1/

Video

Audio

Chicken in black bean sauce is a perennial favourite at Chinese restaurants
around the world. This recipe is inspired by the Shunde region, in Guangdong
province.

Serves

4

###  Preparation

10min

###  Cooking

10min

###  Skill level

Easy

By

Kei Lum Chan

Select ratingGive it 0.5/5Give it 1/5Give it 1.5/5Give it 2/5Give it 2.5/5Give
it 3/5Give it 3.5/5Give it 4/5Give it 4.5/5Give it 5/5

Average: 3.1 (73 votes)

Yum

###  Ingredients

  * **450g** chicken pieces
  * **½ tbsp** light soy sauce
  * **½ tsp** granulated sugar
  * **1 tsp** Shaoxing wine (Chinese rice wine)
  * **2 tbsp** vegetable oil
  * **¼ tsp** cornflour
  * **¼ tsp** salt
  * **½ tbsp** fermented black beans, rinsed and chopped
  * **1** clove garlic, chopped
  * **6** shallots, halved
  * **1** large red chilli, roughly chopped
  * **1** green chilli, roughly chopped
  * **4** spring onions, stems only, cut into 4cm lengths, plus extra to garnish
  * **¼ tsp** sesame oil
  * steamed rice, to serve

### Cook's notes

Oven temperatures are for conventional; if using fan-forced (convection),
reduce the temperature by 20˚C. | We use Australian tablespoons and cups: 1
teaspoon equals 5 ml; 1 tablespoon equals 20 ml; 1 cup equals 250 ml. | All
herbs are fresh (unless specified) and cups are lightly packed. | All
vegetables are medium size and peeled, unless specified. | All eggs are 55-60
g, unless specified.

### Instructions

**Marinating time** 10 minutes

Rinse the chicken in cold water and cut it into bite-size chunks. Combine the
chicken, soy sauce, ¼ teaspoon sugar, ½ teaspoon wine, ½ tablespoon vegetable
oil, cornflour, and salt in a large bowl. Set aside and marinate for 10
minutes.

Combine the black beans, garlic, ¼ teaspoon sugar, and ½ tablespoon vegetable
oil in a bowl and mix well.

Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon vegetable oil in a wok or large frying pan
over medium-high heat, add the shallots, and fry for 1–2 minutes until
fragrant. Add the chicken and stir-fry over medium heat for 3 minutes until
half cooked. Put the black bean mixture and the chillies on top of chicken.

Do not stir. Sprinkle the remaining ½ teaspoon wine along the inside of the
wok, reduce to low heat, cover, and simmer for 2 minutes.

Remove the lid, increase to high heat, and stir-fry the ingredients in the wok
until the chicken is fully cooked. Toss in the spring onions and sesame oil.

Transfer to a serving plate, garnish with more spring onions, and serve with
rice.

_Image and recipe from_ China: The Cookbook ****_by Kei Lum Chan and Diora
Fong Chan (Phaidon, hbk, $59.95) . Read more about the authors and see other
recipes from the bookhere._

Advertisement

Advertisement

## This week's top Food TV picks

CELEBS, FOOD, FUN

### Episode guide | The Cook Up with Adam Liaw S2 | Episodes 91 to 100

Adam Liaw continues to cook, laugh, and explore culture with some of
Australia's most beloved in The Cook Up With Adam Liaw S2.

SBS On Demand

### SBS On Demand

Watch all of Season 1 as Frank Pinello explores the incredible world of pizza
from Chicago's deep dish to the New York 'fold'.

next previous

## Newly added

Episode guide | The Cook Up with Adam Liaw S3 | Episodes 1 to 10

_2 days_ ago

Always burning cakes? Your oven is probably set wrong, so here's how to fix it

_2 days_ ago

Savour these juicy bone-in-fish tips and survival stories

_3 days_ ago

16 quick ways to use it up at home

_3 days_ ago

In Social

## Stay connected with Food

Stay connected with Food

## Vertical Tabs

Newsletter

Exclusive TV sneak peeks, recipes and competitions

Sign up now

Audio Track

Podcast

Listen now

RSS

RSS

Subscribe now

Stay connected with Food

Exclusive TV sneak peeks, recipes and competitions

Sign up now

Podcast

Listen now

RSS

Subscribe now

## In Social

Subscribe

Facebook

Follow

Twitter

49.9K

Follow

Instagram

Advertisement

Back to top

  * Copyright
  * Terms & Conditions
  * Privacy
  * Disclaimer
  * Your online preferences

  * Audience Technical Support
  * Complaints
  * Contact Us
  * Media Centre
  * SBS Codes of Practice
  * Freedom of Information
  * Public Interest Disclosure
  * Senate Order - Entity Contracts
  * Using this Website
  * Help

  * About SBS
  * Sales & Advertising
  * Careers

SBS acknowledges the Traditional Owners of Country throughout Australia.

####

x

##

