https://www.errenskitchen.com/chicken-with-black-bean-sauce/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to footer navigation
  * Skip to privacy navigation
  * Skip to secondary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

Erren's Kitchen

Food you'll crave - From scratch

Main Menu

Display Search Bar

Search Recipes...

  * Home
  * Videos
  * Recipes
    * Course
      * Breakfast
      * Appetizer
      * Lunch
      * Dinner
      * Side
      * Dessert
      * Drinks
    * Type
      * Quick and Easy
      * Pasta
      * Soups
      * Salads & Dressings
      * Rice Dishes
      * Comfort Food
    * Meat
      * Chicken Dishes
      * Seafood
      * Beef, Pork, & Lamb
      * Vegetarian
    * Cuisine
      * Asian Food
      * Italian Food
    * All Recipes
  * Conversions
    * US Sticks of Butter Conversion Charts
    * Basic ounces to grams weight conversions
    * Oven Temperature Conversions
    * Butter in the US and the Rest of the World
    * Teaspoons, Tablespoons & Dessertspoons
    * US Cups to ounces & grams for common ingredients
    * Basic Volume Conversions
  * Shop
  * About Erren
    * Meet Erren
    * Collaborate
    * Life Stories
    * Contact
  * Trending: Easy Recipes

  *   * 

  * Specialties:
  * Quick and Easy
  * Italian
  * Chicken
  * Better Than Takeout!
  * Desserts
  * Search Recipes...

Home / Better Than Take Out! / Chicken With Black Bean Sauce

# Chicken With Black Bean Sauce

Fermented black beans add their own unique flavor to this Chinese stir-fry
recipe that's quick and easy to prepare.

Recipe Print  Share

###### Share on:

  *   *   * 

Total Time: 30 minutes

Serves: 4

Author:Erren HartPublished:3/02/2020Last Updated:2/24/2021

This post may contain affiliate links. Read our disclosure policy.

Forget ordering take out and make it homemade with this delicious stir-fry
recipe for Chicken With Black Bean Sauce.

For the perfect side dish to serve with my Best Ever Fried Rice.

Pin This Recipe For Later!

## Black Bean Sauce At Home

Chicken with black bean sauce is a Chinese restaurant favorite! But you don't
have to order take-out to enjoy it. With this recipe, you can cook it at home
in just 30 minutes!

I know it may look like a complicated dish, but it really is simple to make!

## Why This Recipe Works

  * _**Using Chicken Thighs** instead of breast ensures the chicken will be moist and juicy._
  *  _ **Marinating the Chicken** gives the meat wonderful taste and texture._
  *  _ **The fresh aromatics** of garlic and ginger and green onions give this dish a kick of flavor you don't get from spice powders._
  *  _ **Making the sauce from fermented black beans and chicken stock** instead of premade jarred sauce a flavor profile that can't be beat._

## How to Make Chicken With Black Bean Sauce

Start with Marinating the chicken for 15-20 minutes in Chinese rice wine, soy
sauce, and sesame oil.

Using a wok or large skillet, heat the 2 tablespoons oil. Add red peppers and
onion and cook until tender.

Remove the peppers and onions from the pan and set aside.

Add more oil if necessary. Add the ginger, and garlic to the wok. Stir-fry for
a few seconds until aromatic.

Remove the chicken from the marinade with a slotted spoon and stir-fry for 4-5
minutes, until the chicken changes color and is nearly cooked through.

Mix in the black beans, stir-fry for 1 to 2 minutes, then add chicken stock.
Cover and let cook for another 2 minutes then add the green onion.

**Can 't Find Fermented Black Beans?** You can get Fermented Black Beans here
on Amazon(#paidlink).

Add the pepper mixture and the sugar followed by the cornstarch/water mixture,
stirring quickly to thicken.

Serve immediately with cooked rice.

## Tips For The Perfect Stir-Fry

  * **Prepare all your ingredients before starting.** When making a stir-fry, things move quickly. Having your ingredients ready keeps things running smoothly.
  *  **Don 't be tempted to use soy sauce** - fermented black beans are salty so before adding any soy sauce, it's best to wait and add it after tasting.
  *  **Be sure to rinse the black beans** - fermented black beans are salty and need to be rinsed in order not to overpower the dish.
  *  **Stir your stir fry often** to keep things from sticking to your pan or wok.
  *  **Change things up** by replacing the chicken with your favorite protein. I've made this recipe with beef and shrimp. They were both delicious! 

## Recipe Variations

  * **Replace the chicken with shrimp or beef** for a whole new dish
  *  **Add your favorite stir-fry vegetables** to make this recipe your own.

## The Perfect Pairings

Looking for the perfect pairing for this dish?

  * Serve alongside My Best Ever Fried Rice
  * Or for a lighter alternative: Low Fat Fried Rice
  * Another Great pairing is Perfect Chinese Noodles

## Did you make this?

Click here to leave a star rating!

## Stay Updated

Receive new recipes & dinner ideas straight to your inbox!

Enter your email

##  Let's Make  Chicken With Black Bean Sauce

Fermented black beans add their own unique flavor to this Chinese stir-fry
recipe that's quick and easy to prepare.

5 from 10 votes

Prep20 minutes

Cook15 minutes

Total30 minutes

Serves: 4

Print

  * Pinterest

Rate Share

### Ingredients

#### For the Marinade:

  * ▢ 1 pound boneless skinless chicken thighs (cut into bite-sized pieces)
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Chinese rice wine
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon light soy sauce
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon sesame oil
  * ▢ 2 teaspoons cornstarch

#### For The Stir Fry:

  * ▢ 2 tablespoons vegitable oil 
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon cornstarch
  * ▢ 2 teaspoons water
  * ▢ 1 small onion chopped
  * ▢ 1 red pepper chopped
  * ▢ 3 cloves garlic minced
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon fresh ginger chopped
  * ▢ 2 green onions [spring onions]sliced into rounds
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons Chinese fermented black beans rinsed and chopped
  * ▢ ½ cup chicken stock
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon sugar or to taste

Cups - Metric

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Instructions

  * Combine the chicken thighs with the rice wine, soy sauce, and sesame oil. Mix in the cornstarch and marinate the chicken in the refrigerator for 15-20 minutes.

  * While the chicken marinates, cut up the vegetables as well as the ginger, garlic, and spring onion.

  * In a small bowl, combine the cornstarch with the water and Set aside.

  * Using a wok or large skillet, heat the 2 tablespoons oil. When the oil is hot, add the peppers and onion and cook until tender, remove from the pan and set aside.

  * Add the ginger, and garlic to the wok. Stir-fry for a few seconds until aromatic.

  * Remove the chicken from the marinade with a slotted spoon. Add the chicken thighs (discarding any excess marinade). Stir-fry for 4-5 minutes, until the chicken changes color and is nearly cooked through.

  * Mix in the black beans stir-fry for 1 to 2 minutes, then add chicken stock. Cover and let cook for another 2 minutes then add the green onion

  * Add the pepper mixture and the sugar followed by the cornstarch/water mixture, stirring quickly to thicken. Serve immediately with cooked rice.

### Tips + Notes

  * **Prepare all your ingredients before starting.** When making a stir-fry, things move quickly. Having your ingredients ready keeps things running smoothly.
  * **Don 't be tempted to use soy sauce** - fermented black beans are salty, so before adding any soy sauce it's best to wait and add it after tasting.
  * **Be sure to rinse the black beans** - fermented black beans are salty and need to be rinsed in order not to overpower the dish.
  * **Stir your stir fry often** to keep things from sticking to your pan or wok.
  * **Change things up** by replacing the chicken with your favorite protein. I've made this recipe with beef and shrimp. They were both delicious!

### Nutrition Information:

Calories: 209kcal (10%)| Carbohydrates: 10g (3%)| Protein: 26g (52%)| Fat: 6g
(9%)| Saturated Fat: 1g (6%)| Cholesterol: 109mg (36%)| Sodium: 700mg (30%)|
Potassium: 447mg (13%)| Fiber: 2g (8%)| Sugar: 4g (4%)| Vitamin A: 1019IU
(20%)| Vitamin C: 42mg (51%)| Calcium: 25mg (3%)| Iron: 1mg (6%)

Nutritional Data Disclaimer

Erren's Kitchen is written and produced for informational intentions only. We
are not certified nutritionists, and the nutritional information found on this
site has not been assessed or authorized by a nutritionist or the FDA. **The
nutritional information found in our recipes is offered as an estimate and
should not be considered a guarantee or fact.** The estimated data is provided
as a courtesy and calculated through a third-party online nutritional
calculator, spoonacular API. Although we do our best to provide accurate
nutritional information, these figures should be considered rough estimates.
Many factors, such as brands or products purchased and the nutritional
fluctuations that naturally occur in fresh produce, can alter the
effectiveness of the nutritional information in any recipe. Furthermore,
various online calculators provide different results depending on their
particular algorithms and nutrition fact sources. **To obtain the most precise
nutritional information in a provided recipe, you should calculate the
nutritional information with the exact ingredients you are using when
preparing the recipe using your preferred nutrition calculator.**

Author:Erren Hart

Course:Dinner

Cuisine:Chinese

Keyword:Black Bean Chicken, Chicken Stir-fry, Chicken With Black Bean Sauce

Follow Me on SocialMention @ErrensKitchen or tag #ErrensKitchen on Instagram

  *   *   *   * 

  *   *   * 

### You May Also Like...

  * Easy One Pot Chicken and Saffron Rice

  * Chicken with Sherry Mushrooms Sauce

  * Chicken & Mushroom Risotto

  * Moroccan Chicken

  *   *   * 

Easy Chocolate Dessert

Chicken Korma

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Review Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Rate this recipe: Rate this recipe:  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

  1. Heather says

Posted on 4/1 at 3:32PM

This recipe tastes just like what I order from the Chinese restaurant.
Everyone loved it!

Reply

    * Erren Hart says

Posted on 4/1 at 3:38PM

I’m delighted to hear you liked it so much! 🙂

Reply

  2. Martyn Leahy-Davies says

Posted on 2/19 at 1:49AM

Lovely recipe a firm favourite for our family,making it after a request
tonight.I’ve made it many times and is always a winner.I put a red chilli
chopped into it for a little kick

Reply

    * Erren's Kitchen says

Posted on 2/19 at 4:01AM

Thank you so much Martyn, I'm so glad you like it. A bit of chili sounds great
🙂

Reply

  3. Millie says

Posted on 6/10 at 10:39PM

This was really delicious and so easy! Thank you for sharing!

Reply

    * Erren's Kitchen says

Posted on 6/11 at 10:13AM

I'm pleased you liked it Millie

Reply

  4. Sam W says

Posted on 5/17 at 6:52AM

This came out great - juicy chicken and better flavours than a takeaway
version!

Reply

    * Erren's Kitchen says

Posted on 5/17 at 8:26AM

This is just what I love to hear! So pleased you enjoyed it 🙂

Reply

  5. Tara says

Posted on 3/12 at 11:46PM

I made this tonight for dinner. It was delicious! Thank you!

Reply

    * Erren's Kitchen says

Posted on 3/13 at 7:16PM

I'm so glad you enjoyed this, I love Chinese dishes, and it can be even better
when you make it yourself 🙂

Reply

## Primary Sidebar

### Follow on Social!

Don't forget to tag me on social @ErrensKitchen to be featured!

Featured On

## Recipes To Rely On - From My Kitchen To Yours

###  Recipe Index

Find the perfect food and drink ideas for any occasion.

###  Italian Recipes

From pasta and sauces to soup or risotto, find favorite Italian recipes
everyone will love!

###  Life Stories

Grab a cup of coffee and visit while Erren shares stories from life outside
the kitchen.

## Still hungry?

Subscribe to my Newsletter for all my latest recipes!

Enter your email

  * Meet Erren
  * Life Updates
  * Work With Me
  * Contact
  * Recipes
  * Dinner Ideas
  * Conversion Guide
  * Quick and Easy

  * Contact
  * Erren's Kitchen Privacy Policy
  * Disclaimer

(C) 2013-2022 * Site Credits

Back to Top

475 shares

  *   *   * 475

