https://poshjournal.com/chicken-in-black-bean-sauce


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Recipes
  * Collections
  * Subscribe
  * About
    * Contact
    * Disclosure/Privacy Policy
  * Search

menu icon

  * Recipes
  * Collections
  * Subscribe
  * About
    * Contact
    * Disclosure/Privacy Policy

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Recipes
  * Collections
  * Subscribe
  * About
    * Contact
    * Disclosure/Privacy Policy

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

√ó

Homepage ¬ª Recipes

# Chicken in Black Bean Sauce

Published: Feb 16, 2020 ¬∑ Modified: May 16, 2020 This post may contain
affiliate links ¬∑ This blog generates income via ads ¬∑ 18 Comments

1266 shares

  * Share42
  * Pin1224
  * Tweet
  * Yummly
  * Mix
  * WhatsApp
  * Flipboard
  * Telegram

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

A very tasty homemade stir-fried **Chicken in Black Bean Sauce** recipe. This
_restaurant-style chicken dish_ is so flavorful and very easy to make.

The chicken is tender and seasoned with the most distinct Hunanese seasoning,
a black bean sauce. It's garlicky, gingery, and has the perfect amount of
saltiness and sweetness, an **_authentic Chinese food_** flavor that you'll
love.

## About This Chicken in Black Bean Sauce Recipe

Chicken with black beans is one of the most popular dishes at Chinese
restaurants. The chicken meat is cooked with **fermented black bean** and has
pungent, salty flavor from the beans.

This Chinese black bean chicken may look like a complicated dish but it's
actually not hard to put together, even for beginner cooks. It's so addictive,
and this is a delicious Chinese recipe that will make you want to cook more at
home and skip the take out.

## Chicken in Black Bean Sauce Ingredients:

To make this recipe, you will need chicken meat (thighs or breasts), fermented
black bean, garlic, ginger, Shaoxing wine, corn starch, light soy sauce, dark
soy sauce, scallions, green bell pepper, red bell pepper, and salt to taste.

You can find most of these ingredients at any grocers. Fermented black beans
are available at any Asian grocers, Atlas, or online.

You can purchase Shaoxing wine at any Asian grocers, and select Kroger/Ralph's
stores or online. Shaoxing wine is inexpensive; store price is around $1.99 -
$3.99 per bottle.

## Fermented Black Beans:

Douchi Ë±ÜË±â;   _d ouch«ê_, or  ** _tochi_**  is the most popular seasoning in the
Chinese cuisine. It's a type of fermented black beans or fermented black
soybeans that are commonly used for making black bean sauce dishes, such as
stir-fries and other wok-cooked dishes.

The flavor of these fermented beans is sharp, pungent, and spicy in smell,
with a taste that is salty and somewhat bitter and sweet. You must soak and
rinse before use.

Please note that fermented beans are not the same thing as regular black beans
that often used in a variety of Tex-Mexican recipes. Therefore they can not be
used interchangeably in recipes and will product different results.

## Better-Than-Takeout Chicken Dish

Because of the popularity of **fermented black beans** , you'll see them in
many Chinese recipes so don't think twice to buy or order for home, as it's
worth it in the long run with the use you'll get from them! These fermented
beans can last for a very long time if stored properly.

## How to Cook Chicken with Fermented Black Bean Sauce

The cooking process of this dish is pretty simple. First, you need to marinate
the chicken with the 2 different types of soy sauce, plus salt and corn
starch. I highly recommend marinating the chicken for 30 minutes.

After you finish marinate the chicken, you can start stir-frying the
vegetables, then chicken in black bean sauce.

Anybody can cook this dish. There is no special cooking skill required. As
always with Chinese recipes, once the cooking start you need to move quickly!
So be sure to prepare and have all the ingredients you need nearby!

  
  
  

### Check Out More Asian Recipes

  * SPICY SICHUAN NOODLES
  * SWEET AND SOUR FISH
  * HUNAN BEEF WITH CUMIN
  * INSTANT POT MONGOLIAN BEEF
  * SINGAPORE NOODLES (XING ZHOU MI FEN)
  * GENERAL TSO'S CHICKEN (SWEET AND SAVORY DEEP-FRIED CHICKEN)
  * VEGETABLE STIR FRY WITH TOFU
  * BEST PORK TENDERLOIN STIR FRY
  * ASIAN GROUND BEEF STIR FRY
  * THAI SALAD DRESSING
  * MINCED PORK NOODLES WITH HOISIN SAUCE
  * CHINESE EGGPLANT WITH MINCED PORK
  * SHRIMP AND GREEN PEAS STIR FRY
  * SESAME NOODLES (MA JIANG MIAN)

This recipe is inspired by Fuschia Dunlop.

4.94 from 16 votes

## Chicken in Black Bean Sauce

Rika

A very tasty homemade stir-fried Chicken in Black Bean Sauce recipe. This
restaurant-style chicken dish is so flavorful and very easy to make. The
chicken is tender and seasoned with the most distinct Hunanese seasoning, a
black bean sauce.

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Course Main Course

Cuisine Chinese, Hunan

Servings 4

Calories 422 kcal

### Ingredients



  * ‚ñ¢ 1 pound chicken thighs

#### Marinade:

  * ‚ñ¢ ¬Ω teaspoon salt
  * ‚ñ¢ ¬Ω tablespoon corn starch 
  * ‚ñ¢ 2 teaspoon low-sodium soy sauce
  * ‚ñ¢ 2 teaspoon dark soy sauce

#### Stir Fry:

  * ‚ñ¢ ¬æ cup diced red bell pepper
  * ‚ñ¢ ¬æ cup diced green bell pepper
  * ‚ñ¢ 3 scallions, (chopped, white and light green for stir fry, dark green for serving)
  * ‚ñ¢ 3 tablespoon vegetable oil , (divided)
  * ‚ñ¢ 2 tablespoon minced garlic
  * ‚ñ¢ 2 tablespoon minced ginger
  * ‚ñ¢ 4 tablespoon Chinese fermented black beans, (also known as Chinese Douchi)
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 tablespoon Shaoxing wine, (or use dry sherry) 
  * ‚ñ¢ ¬Ω tablespoon sesame oil 

#### optional:

###

Instructions



#### Preparation:

  * Cut the chicken into small bite pieces, around ‚Öú inch.

  * Soak the fermented beans in hot water for 15-30 minutes and rinse them a few times. 

  * Place the chicken in a bowl, marinate with low-sodium soy sauce, dark soy sauce, salt, and corn starch. Let it marinate for 30 minutes if possible.

#### Cook the Diced Bell Peppers:

  * Heat 1 tablespoon of oil in a wok or non-stick skillet over high heat. Cook the green and red bell pepper until slightly cooked but still crisp. Remove from the wok and set aside.

#### Cook the Chicken:

  * Heat 2 tablespoons of oil in a wok or non-stick skillet over high heat. Cook the chicken thighs and stir fry for about 2 minutes, then add garlic, ginger and continue stir-frying until fragrant.

#### Stir Fry the Remaining Ingredients:

  * Add the black beans into the wok, stir fry until you can smell them, return the peppers into the wok.

  * Add Shaoxing wine and stir to combine. Add chopped scallions (white and light green parts only). Continue cooking until the chicken meat is fully cooked. 

  * Adjust seasoning with salt or soy sauce or add spiciness by adding a pinch of dried pepper flakes if needed. 

  * Add chopped scallions (green part only) and sesame oil stir to combine. Turn off the heat and transfer a plate. Serve and enjoy!

### Notes

Shaoxing wine is available at Asian grocers or select Kroger/Ralph's stores. I
bought the cooking wine from my local Asian store for about $1.99-$3.99/
bottle.

Dark soy sauce is available at Asian grocers or select Kroger/Ralph's, Vons,
Walmart, or Target stores.

Fermented Black Beans are available at Asian grocers, Atlas market or online
at **Amazon.com.** These fermented dried beans are hard and chewy. They must
be rinsed and soaked before using.

Please keep in mind that fermented black beans are not the same thing as black
bean sauce.  Black bean sauce comes from fermented black soybeans. The sauce
is very salty and sweet.

### Nutrition

Calories: 422kcalCarbohydrates: 9gProtein: 24gFat: 32gSaturated Fat:
14gCholesterol: 111mgSodium: 1238mgPotassium: 381mgFiber: 3gSugar: 3gVitamin
A: 1156IUVitamin C: 61mgCalcium: 29mgIron: 1mg

Keyword Chicken in Black Bean Sauce, Black Bean Chicken, Chinese Chicken with
Black Bean Sauce

Tried this recipe?Let us know how it was!

## More Recipes

  * Spicy Sichuan Noodles (with Recipe Video) üé•

  * Sweet and Sour Fish

  * Hunan Beef with Cumin

  * Instant Pot Mongolian Beef

1266 shares

  * Share42
  * Pin1224
  * Tweet
  * Yummly
  * Mix
  * WhatsApp
  * Flipboard
  * Telegram

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. melissa chapman

February 17, 2020 at 12:25 pm

  
Chicken is the main meat of most families and it is nice to se there can be so
many ways to prepare it. This black bean Asian style is a good change of pace
for most of us.

  2. Rena

February 17, 2020 at 12:36 pm

This looks so amazing! I am pinning this to give it a try. I hope it's as good
as it looks.

  3. Mitch Chaitin

February 17, 2020 at 2:09 pm

Chinese is my favorite cuisine, and I am in Chinatown shopping at least once a
week. I have to be honest and say that I would buy the black bean sauce
already made , and add it to this dish, which looks delicious! Thanks for the
recipe!

  4. Tasheena

February 17, 2020 at 3:32 pm

  
This looks really savory. I love the combination of the two flavors. I can't
wait to make this recipe for my family.

  5. Amber Myers

February 17, 2020 at 3:55 pm

  
I'll have to make this for dinner! I think everyone will like it. I know I
will! Yum!

  6. Beth

February 17, 2020 at 6:17 pm

  
This looks delicious and pretty easy to prepare. My kids are coming home next
month, and this looks like it will be a perfect dish to serve then.

  7. Lisa Martin

February 17, 2020 at 7:12 pm

I have been looking for a new chicken recipe that isn't like everything else.
This sounds like a great change. Thank you for sharing!

  8. Chef Dennis

February 18, 2020 at 12:12 am

  
This Chicken in Black Bean Sauce is making me super hungry that I could hear
my tummy growl. I can't wait to try this.

  9. Lori Bosworth

February 18, 2020 at 5:46 am

  
I have had chicken in black bean sauce at a Chinese restaurant but I have
never made it. I didn't realize how easy it was to prepare!

  10. Lynndee

February 18, 2020 at 6:03 am

My mom used to make pork with black beans and it was good. Haven't tried black
beans with chicken. Looks good! Going to save your recipe.

  11. Cathy Mini

February 18, 2020 at 7:17 am

  
This recipe looks so delicious. I think my husband will surely like this,
thanks for sharing!

  12. Ruth I

February 18, 2020 at 7:52 am

  
Oh yum! This looks so easy to cook. I would be trying this recipe next week.

  13. Rosemary

February 18, 2020 at 5:35 pm

  
Great recipe to make chicken. I often find myself making the same two-three
chicken recipes and I love the variation with the black bean sauce. Thanks for
sharing.

  14. Swathi

February 18, 2020 at 9:55 pm

  
This is yummy chicken . I haven't used black bean sauce. May be I need to try
this recipe. It looks better than any take out.

  15. Lizzie Lau

February 18, 2020 at 10:03 pm

I've ordered this and didn't realize that the black beans were fermented. I'll
save this recipe to try at home.

  16. Gervin Khan

February 21, 2020 at 2:37 am

  
Such an easy, delicious and healthy dish to make for my family.

  17. Amber

February 21, 2020 at 5:57 am

This looks so yummy! Chinese food is my all-time favorite but I can never pull
off the recipes to make it at home. This looks like something I can actually
do.

  18. Candida ortega

April 18, 2021 at 2:18 am

  
Excellent!

### Did you like this recipe? Leave a star rating! I'd appreciate it!

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Œî

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi, I'm Rika!** Through Posh Journal I share my passion for food, travel and
other things I enjoy along the way. Don‚Äôt let the name fool you, most of my
recipes are easy to cook and can be enjoyed on a daily basis.

More about me

### Popular Posts

  * Healthy Baked Chicken Tenders (Oven-Fried Chicken Strips)

  * Fish Soup (Flavorful and Easy!)

  * Roasted Baby Potatoes with Rosemary and Garlic

  * Perfect Lemon Pepper Chicken Thighs

### Featured On

(C) 2022 _poshjournal_

1266 shares

  * 42
  *   * 1224
  *   *   * 

