https://www.scmp.com/cooking/recipe/chicken-black-bean-sauce/article/3026639


##### SCMP Cooking

Chicken with black bean sauce

A member of the SCMP family

Directions

0

/0

Filter

* * *

View Result

  1. Home 

  2. The Chef's way 

Video series with Hong Kong's top chefs

  3. Cooking Tips 

Learn the basic techniques from the best

  4. My Bookmarks 

Find us on

Chinese

#  Chicken with black bean sauce

Medium

30

mins

1 hour

to marinate the chicken

4

people

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * WhatsApp
  * Messenger
  * Email
  * 

* * *

Susan says

Chicken with black bean sauce is a popular restaurant dish. Too often,
however, one is served overcooked vegetables with scraps of chewy chicken
swimming in a gloopy sauce.

This version is a colourful dish of mixed bell peppers, onion, spring onion
and bone-in chicken pieces in a light black bean sauce. Some diners might
complain about the bones in the chicken but the meat tastes so much better
that way.

This dish isnât a simple stir-fry, because you need to oil-blanch the
chicken first. Oil blanching â frying the chicken briefly in hot oil so it
is partially cooked â gives the meat a lovely, silky texture.

Buy a fresh chicken from the poultry shop and have the vendor cut it up
Chinese-style, through the bone into bite-size pieces. You wonât need the
head or feet; they can be bagged up and frozen and, when you have enough bones
and other parts, used to make chicken broth.

Ingredients

1

fresh chicken, about 1.2kg (2lb 10oz), cut up Chinese-style

20ml (4tsp)

light soy sauce

15ml (1tbsp)

sake or Chinese rice wine (or substitute dry sherry)

5g (1tsp)

granulated sugar

Â¾tsp

fine sea salt

A pinch of finely ground white pepper

30g (1oz)

fermented black beans

3

bell peppers (use a mix of colours)

1

large onion about 300g (10Â½oz) , peeled

3

garlic cloves, peeled

2-3

ginger slices, peeled

2-4

birdâs-eye chillies, or another type of small, hot chilli, such as serrano

25g (3tbsp and â tsp)

cornstarch

3-4

spring onions

Cooking oil, as necessary

Directions

Put the chicken pieces in a large bowl and add the soy sauce, rice wine,
sugar, salt and white pepper. Mix thoroughly, then leave to marinate at room
temperature for 30-60 minutes.  

1/7

Put the black beans in a small bowl, add 60ml (Â¼Â cup) of boiling water and
leave to soak for about 15 minutes. Drain the black beans through a sieve
placed over a bowl and reserve the soaking liquid. Use a spoon to lightly
crush the black beans.  

2/7

Remove and discard the stem and core of the bell peppers. Cut the peppers and
onion into bite-sized pieces. Thinly slice the garlic. Finely mince the
chillies (if you want the dish to be less spicy, cut the chillies in half
lengthwise, then scrape out and discard the seeds and stem before mincing the
flesh). Cut the spring onions into 3cm (1Â¼in) lengths.  

3/7

Sprinkle the cornstarch over the chicken in the bowl and mix thoroughly to
create a thin, light coating. Pour cooking oil into a wok to a depth of about
8cm (3â in), or, if using a large skillet, add oil to the depth of 2cm (â
in). Heat the oil to 180Â°CÂ (350Â°F). Add about one-third of the chicken
pieces to the hot oil and fry for two to three minutes, or until three-
quarters cooked, stirring often. Use a large slotted ladle to remove the
chicken pieces from the oil, then drain them on paper towels. Cook the
remaining chicken in two batches the same way.  

4/7

Pour off almost all the oil from the wok (or skillet), leaving behind about
30ml (2tbsp). Place the wok over a high flame and when it is hot, add the
spring onions. Stir-fry for about 30 seconds, or until the spring onions turn
bright green. Remove the pieces from the wok, leaving behind as much oil as
possible.  

5/7

Place the wok (or skillet) over a high flame and when it is hot, add the
garlic and ginger and stir-fry for about 30 seconds. Add the bell peppers and
onion and cook, stirring often, for about a minute. Add the chopped chillies
and the black beans, then mix in the chicken pieces. Pour in the black-bean
soaking liquid and about 60ml (Â¼ cup) of hot water and mix well. Turn the
flame to medium, then cover the wok with the lid.

6/7

When the chicken is cooked, add the spring onion pieces back to the wok and
stir. Scoop the ingredients into a large bowl, then serve with steamed white
rice and stir-fried vegetables.

7/7

Chinese  Main Course  Poultry  Medium

* * *

Liking this recipe?

Now you can save the recipe you into your own collection.

Sign up to our newsletter

Fresh recipes straight to your inbox. A curated collection of Asian dishes to
make at home.

Thanks, you're on the list!

Error, please try again later.

Please enter a valid email address.

By registering, you agree to our T&C and Privacy Policy.

Find us on facebook

Join our community and get the latest recipes from all over Asia for you to
make at home.

##### SCMP

### SCMP Cooking

Find us on

* * *

About UsTerms & ConditionsPrivacy Policy

Â© 2022 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd.Â All rights reserved.

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * WhatsApp
  * Messenger
  * Email
  * 

#####  Welcome to SCMP Cooking

* * *

We'll be showing you a whole range of Asian dishes for you to cook at home.
We're starting small but are thinking (and planning) big - we'll be adding
recipes to the site every week, and will expand to include international
dishes, cooking videos, interviews with famous chefs and much more. Be sure to
sign up to receive our weekly newsletter!

Thanks, you're on the list!

Error, please try again later.

Please enter a valid email address.

By registering, you agree to our T&C and Privacy Policy.

