https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/152220/chicken-with-green-peppers-in-black-bean-sauce/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. World Cuisine
  4. Asian
  5. Chinese
  6. Chicken with Green Peppers in Black Bean Sauce

# Chicken with Green Peppers in Black Bean Sauce

Rating: 4 stars 4

67 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 24 
  * 4 star values: 30 
  * 3 star values: 8 
  * 2 star values: 3 
  * 1 star values: 2 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 67 Ratings 
  * 50 Reviews 
  * 7 Photos 

A classic Chinese dish, one of my favourites. Serve over a bed of rice.

Recipe by Stephen

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Chicken with Green Peppers in Black Bean Sauce

Add Photo

Chicken with Green Peppers in Black Bean Sauce peter b

Chicken with Green Peppers in Black Bean Sauce megasam

Chicken with Green Peppers in Black Bean Sauce Mary Jo

Chicken with Green Peppers in Black Bean Sauce Kimberlee Napoles

\+ 3 3 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

30 mins

cook:

15 mins

total:

45 mins

Servings:

4

Yield:

4 servings

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

4

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 4 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil 
  * 4 cloves garlic cloves, peeled and sliced 
  * 6 tablespoons black bean sauce 
  * 1 teaspoon salt 
  * ¾ pound skinless, boneless chicken breast half - cut into cubes 
  * 1 cube chicken bouillon dissolved in 
  * ½ cup boiling water 
  * 1 large onion, peeled and sliced 
  * 1 bunch green onions, chopped 
  * 2 green bell pepper, diced 
  * 1 ½ tablespoons dark soy sauce 
  * 1 teaspoon black pepper 
  * 4 teaspoons cornstarch dissolved in 
  * 3 tablespoons water 
  * 4 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Heat a wok over a medium heat until hot, add the toasted sesame oil and heat
for about 30 seconds. Stir in garlic and black bean sauce, and season with
salt. Add chicken to the wok; cook, stirring frequently, until chicken is
cooked through. Pour in dissolved chicken bouillon, cover, and cook for 6
minutes.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Stir in onion, green onions, and bell pepper, and season with soy sauce and
black pepper. Cover, and cook for 8 minutes. Stir in cornstarch mixture, and
stir until sauce thickens. Stir in cilantro, and serve.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

254 calories; protein 18.7g; carbohydrates 17.2g; fat 12.6g; cholesterol 43mg;
sodium 1421.2mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (50)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Elliot

Rating: 4 stars

07/09/2008

This dish is delicious! A note for first-time makers: when making the
cornstarch & water mixture to thicken the sauce, don't add the cornstarch to
HOT water or you will end up with a dish full of glue. Add it to cold water
and then stir in to thicken the sauce. This may be common knowledge for some
but it wasn't for me!

Read More

Helpful (93)

### Most helpful critical review

ABALONE25

Rating: 2 stars

11/22/2008

This recipe turned out waaaaaaaaaaay too salty. I had to use Black Bean with
Garlic sauce b/c our store did not carry regular Black Bean sauce. Maybe this
was the problem - but 6 tablespoons of that stuff was ALOT. I didn't look at
the sodium content before hand and I regretted it - This was almost too salty
to be edible.

Read More

Helpful (29)

67 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 24 
  * 4 star values: 30 
  * 3 star values: 8 
  * 2 star values: 3 
  * 1 star values: 2 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Elliot

Rating: 4 stars

07/09/2008

This dish is delicious! A note for first-time makers: when making the
cornstarch & water mixture to thicken the sauce, don't add the cornstarch to
HOT water or you will end up with a dish full of glue. Add it to cold water
and then stir in to thicken the sauce. This may be common knowledge for some
but it wasn't for me!

Stevo

Rating: 4 stars

08/14/2008

Just to say that in Chineese cooking there are two types of soy sauce "light
and dark". Both are used to add salt to a dish, but the dark soy also adds
colour. There is no need to add extra salt to a chineese dish if you use soy
sauce. You are just doubling your salt intake. You can also get low sodium soy
sauce to reduce your salt intake even more.

ABALONE25

Rating: 2 stars

11/22/2008

This recipe turned out waaaaaaaaaaay too salty. I had to use Black Bean with
Garlic sauce b/c our store did not carry regular Black Bean sauce. Maybe this
was the problem - but 6 tablespoons of that stuff was ALOT. I didn't look at
the sodium content before hand and I regretted it - This was almost too salty
to be edible.

SUSUBUG

Rating: 5 stars

02/12/2008

I have had this dish in many restaurants, and this recipe ranks high on the
list! It was very yummy!! I ran into a problem when adding the cornstarch
mixture at the end. I added the whole thing at once and my sauce turned into a
blobby mush. I just added some water to thin it back out, and it tasted really
good. So next time I make it I don’t think I will add the cornstarch or just a
little, because the sauce looked perfect before I added it. I will definitely
be making this again, and passing on the recipe!

Soup Loving Nicole

Allstar

Rating: 4 stars

06/20/2011

After reading the reviews. I left out the salt and subbed the bouillon cube
for broth. My only other change is that I added shrooms but only because we
love them. Very tasty but too salty as written so I am glad I read the reviews
and made my changes beforehand.

LisaJoy

Rating: 4 stars

04/09/2009

Okay, the secret to toning down the saltiness of this dish is to omit the
salt, chicken bouillon, and the soy sauce. Then increase the water to 1 cup.
Use 1 1/2 Tablespoons (4 1/2 teaspoons) cornstarch dissolved in 1/4 cup
additional water to thicken. Also, stir in 1 teaspoon sugar. Without so much
salt, this is delicious.

carol

Rating: 1 stars

05/15/2010

I followed the recipe exactly , Black bean sauce is salty and then adding salt
and salty chicken bouillon made it inedible. I also found the sauce slimy.
Luckily I made fried rice and had spring rolls.

LISSALU

Rating: 5 stars

02/12/2008

This tastes just like the one I had in England! So YUMMY! I didn't add the
salt. I added water chestnuts, pea pods, and zucchini. I added most of the
corn starch mix, but I did it a little at a time. I will be making this again
VERY soon!

MustangSally

Rating: 5 stars

02/03/2008

Fabulous recipe. Served it at an ethnic dinner club and received several
thumbs up. Few small adjustments; substituted 1-2 Tbsp HOT black bean sauce
for some regular for more spice, used chicken broth vs. bouillon. I found the
bean sauce salty so cut out the salt and used light (vs. dark) soy sauce. Not
sure exactly where to find or what to do for 'toasted' seasame oil so used
regular seasame oil heated in toaster oven. I'm always nervous to make a
recipe for the 1st time for a big groug but it worked great & pretty easy to
prepare.

tnk479

Rating: 4 stars

01/28/2010

It makes way too much sauce. I recommend halving the amount of black bean
sauce and leaving out the extra salt. I like to add mushrooms and snow peas to
mine.

TheCattlemansWife

Rating: 5 stars

12/05/2007

This recipe was excellent! Very easy to make and tasted great that night and
for left overs the next day. I left out the cilantro (as I hate it) and only
used 1 green pepper.

frenzy

Rating: 4 stars

07/25/2010

Very simple to make & very tasty. I marinated the chicken in the black bean
sauce & garlic before stirfrying the chicken in the sesame oil. The black bean
sauce is pretty salty...I didn't need to add any additional salt, or the soy
sauce. I did add some pre-sauted mushrooms & zucchini, as well as some black
bean tofu, which really worked in this dish. Didn't need to do the
cornstarch...the sauce was thick enough. Will definitely make again!

SANDERS70

Rating: 4 stars

05/11/2010

I really enjoyed this! I love black bean sauce. I did add water chestnuts. It
was great! Hubby liked it too. Will make again for sure!

Stephanie

Rating: 5 stars

07/23/2008

Made as written, aside from adding a bit of heat (Sriracha)... super easy to
make and tasted awesome ! The chicken was very tender and there was plenty of
sauce for the dish. This is a keeper :)

Lidie

Rating: 3 stars

01/01/2010

I'm glad that I did not add any salt to this- this is very salty- in the black
bean sauce there is a whopping 1120mg of sodium so you can skip the salt and
the soya sauce in my opinion. If you don't like salty dishes you won't like
this. Also I only used 3 TBSP of the Black Bean sauce and it was just fine-
served on a bed of Basmati rice and I used 2 very big chicken breasts and it
was good enough. From start to finish it took an hour- its the prep. that took
most of the time. Also I only used 1 tbsp of corn starch mixed in with a 1/2 c
of hot water- and it concistancy turned out perfect. I'm not sure if I'll make
this again- I have alot of black bean sauce left that will most likely sit in
the fridge for a long time. :-(

Marc

Rating: 1 stars

02/06/2012

This really shocks me that so many people rated it so highly. I am completely
disappointed. First off, following other commenter's advice, I cut down to add
no salt to this, and reduced the 6 tablespoons to 3, and cut on the soy sauce.
It was still too salty. I'm suspecting that might have been a typo, and in
fact it should be 6 teaspoons, or 2 table spoons (again, with no salt.)

micheller35601

Rating: 5 stars

05/05/2010

WONDERFUL!

STLFAYE

Rating: 5 stars

07/23/2011

Fantastic!!!! I didn't add the salt, used chicken soup base instead of the
bouillon, and used green and orange peppers. I used low-sodium soy sauce,
instead of regular, to cut the saltiness. My husband doesn't like cilantro, so
I cut the amount in half....still tasted great! I served it with brown rice. I
will make this again.... so good!

LSHOUMAKER

Rating: 4 stars

10/29/2008

This had a great flavor. I think the cooking time on the chicken is way to
long though. You end up with tough chicken. Either take the chicken out of the
pot at some point or take away the 6 minute cooking down of the boulion.
Cornstarch not absolutly necessary as the black bean sauce is pretty thick
itself. Amount of ingrediants looked a bit long but it wss pretty easy once
you get cooking and it really didn't take all that long like someone else had
mentioned. Skip the salt too.

Jen

Rating: 5 stars

12/19/2007

I cooked a full authentic Chinese dinner for about 10 people, and doubled this
recipe. I had leftovers for the next week (I also served 4 other main dishes).
It was fantastic, delicious, easy, and a huge hit!

MissMaryJ26

Rating: 4 stars

11/03/2009

This was very good. Did not have fresh cilantro but dried worked fine. The
sesame oil was fragrant and delicious- it really adds to the taste of the
dish! I was almost out of soy sauce, so I also added a tablespoon of hoison
sauce toward the end of cooking. If you happen to have some on hand I
recommend trying a bit- it added the perfect dash of sweet to make a great
dish with a complex variety of flavors!

Kim

Rating: 4 stars

06/16/2009

Delicious recipe. Very "chinese authentic." Don't add salt while cooking.Soy
sauce, black bean sauce and chicken broth are enough salt for me.

Btownjenn

Rating: 5 stars

10/31/2009

LOVED THIS!!! I just used a bag of stir fry mixed veggies because I wanted
more variety. Turned out perfect! I also omitted the cilantro, as I'm not a
big fan. This is definitely going into my rotation!

jlee28

Rating: 4 stars

03/18/2009

Good recipe! It looks a little intimidating because of all the list of
ingredients, but when it comes down to it, it's not difficult at all. I used
black pepper sauce (that's what I had at the time) and it ended up being good.
It's pretty much the same consistency and similar in taste, I think. I didn't
add any salt and I used about half of the soy sauce that the recipe called
for. Otherwise it would have been too salty. There's enough flavor in the
sauce itself. I also used chicken stock in place of the chicken buillon and
added water chestnuts. Tasty and not very hard to do.

aimeelynn

Rating: 5 stars

06/12/2014

This was great. Skipped the salt, used low sodium soy sauce and a little
chicken broth rather than the bouillon and it was not too salty at all. Added
a splash of Sriacha and tons of different veggies. Thanks for sharing!

Laura Bland Huerta

Rating: 2 stars

08/19/2008

I made this exactly as stated and did not like it at all. It was the black
bean sauce that I did not care for. My husband ate it and said it was okay but
this is something I will not make again.

Alecia

Rating: 4 stars

03/29/2008

I was looking for a recipe for Jalapeno Chicken that we order at a local
Chinese restaurant & this comes very close. I substituted 4 sliced jalapeno
peppers for one of the green peppers & it was great. Thanks for the recipe -
if you like spicy food try it with the jalapenos!

TOODLESTEACHES

Rating: 3 stars

04/19/2009

I like it. My son would not eat it. The smell was very strong. I guess from
the black bean sauce since I had not used it before.

Lily P. Wong

Rating: 4 stars

03/28/2009

only thing missing was the KAPOW!!...Next time I would add some ginger and
some red pepper flakes for a little kick..otherwise not a bad recipe...coming
from someone who's dad cooked it all the time at home

ChefLes

Rating: 5 stars

10/10/2009

This was totally awsome! I served this with the Vegetable Lo Mein, fried rice,
and the schezwan shrimp recipes from this site. We had a great dinner party. I
also has some extra black bean sauce, so I got my butcher to cut me some
chinese spare ribs (shortribs cut lengthwise and about 1/4 inch thick) and
marinated them in the black bean sauce and BBQ'd them....Yummy!

ameeadora06

Rating: 3 stars

04/05/2012

I've wanted to use black bean sauce for quite some time now, so I decided to
give it a try starting with this dish. Holy salt! I did read the reviews and
didn't add any salt, and I used chicken broth instead of bullion and it was
still WAY TO SALTY! In light, I was able to add about 3/4 cup of water and it
ended up being right where it should be. Edible, but scary at first.

TruthKid

Rating: 4 stars

03/20/2009

First time tasting black bean sauce, and found out I'm a big fan. We're big
pepper fans in this house, and I could eat chicken for every meal of the day,
so I'd say I was bound to love this recipe. The only thing that keeps me from
giving this 5 stars, is I think I'll use either light soy sauce or a mixture
of light and regular, it was just a tad too salty for me.

Betty Crocker

Rating: 4 stars

08/22/2012

The black bean sauce makes it work. I used the jarred black beans to save some
time. I omitted the water/bouillon/cornstarch and the soy sauce because black
bean sauce is so salty on its own. Add some chili paste for a little kick.
Next time I may add a small dash of lime juice.

vickifitz

Rating: 5 stars

01/31/2015

Great recipe xxxr

Caryn Brion Wooster

Rating: 3 stars

03/05/2013

Good taste but my family couldn't get past the BLACK color it turned the
entire dish.

bonnice

Rating: 3 stars

12/07/2008

I found this to be far too salty. Perhaps it is because my black bean sauce
was too salty to begin with. But I would advise to not add the extra salt or
even use the soya sauce if your sauce was like mine. I also only added as much
cornstarch as I felt I needed to. I put in a little at a time and didn't end
up using 4 tsps. Any time cornstarch is used, I feel the need to reiterate
what another reviewer wrote for novice cooks: it is an absolute MUST that you
melt the cornstarch in cold water before adding it slowly to the rest of the
pot.

HermitCat

Rating: 4 stars

09/11/2017

As good or even better then the local restaurant. Used boneless/skinless
thighs (marinate for 10 mins with 1 tbps sake, pinch of white pepper and
kosher salt). Couldn't find plain black bean sauce so we used AMOY Black Bean
& Garlic Sauce and reduced to 1 minced clove of garlic. Only used 2 tbps of
Sauce, omitted extra salt and the soy sauce. Used half cup of regular chicken
stock in place of bouillon. Also threw in a bunch of enoki mushrooms. For the
cornstarch slurry at the end, mixed it first into a bit of cold chicken stock,
before stirring in with green onions. Great over steamed rice or rice noodles!

Wendy Rocío Pérez

Rating: 3 stars

05/08/2015

I will rate only 3 stars because as is, it's too salty, almost inedible. I
LOVED what I did though, but here are the changes I made: - 4 TBS Black Bean
sauce (insted of 6!!) - No additional salt - No Chicken bouillon, just
unsalted chicken stock - After adding the veggies, just cook for 5 more min (8
is way too much) - 3 Tsp Cornstarch (insted of 4)

selfproclaimedbadcook

Rating: 4 stars

04/03/2008

I liked this recipe but it took awhile to make. I cooked the chicken first and
then added it to the recipe. I didn't like the idea of using raw chicken in a
black bean sauce. I also added waterchestnuts and added just a little
cornstarch to thicken it up. I used a low-sodium chicken boullion and low-
socium soy. I thought it was pretty good, but my husband said it needed more
salt. go figure.

Caty Redford

Rating: 4 stars

09/09/2019

I liked it but next time I won’t add salt.

Sujeev Dias

Rating: 4 stars

11/30/2015

Most people has same comment, the chicken came out bit salty. I would not add
any additional salt apart from salt content in black bean sauce. Apart from
salt taste dish is delicious!

Azuki

Rating: 5 stars

04/12/2008

Excellent, very yummy! I used trimmed, deboned and skinned chicken thighs
instead though (more flavorful) and since the black bean sauce is already
quite salty, I omitted the salt and cut down on the soy sauce to about 1 tsp.
Forgot to get cilantro so I omitted that as well. Also added a little Chinese
cooking wine.

Dawn

Rating: 4 stars

02/03/2016

Cut to 2T black bean sauce, no salt. Add tsp. Sugar. 1 whole onion, green
onions. Add mizuna last.

KELLMC78

Rating: 5 stars

06/26/2008

This is delicious. When I am craving Chinese Food I make this up in a hurry.
Wonderful recipe, thank you for sharing!

megasam

Rating: 5 stars

11/13/2017

I'm Extremely excited, This is definitely going into the the recipe Box. This
easy to make Dinner meal took less than 30 minutes to prepare and make. The
recipe was very easy to follow and the ingredients were not hard to find.
After taking the advice of several reviewers, this turned out to be a great
dining experience. my advise is to go easy on all the salt additives like Soy
sauce, chicken bullion, Note; I only used 3 Tbsp. of the Black bean sauce, not
the recommended 6 Tbsp. also I used only half of the amount of cornstarch to
help thicken the sauce. I added 1 can of mushrooms and 1 can of
waterchestnuts. I will be making this recipe again very soon. Thank you Sam
Chino,Ca.

Winnie Wong

Rating: 4 stars

11/18/2018

Added some sweet ( ketjap manis) soy sauce and some small bottom mushrooms.
Very nice will make it again.

Jason Minshull

Rating: 5 stars

06/07/2008

Just like the take out places. Nice.

Sheri Kane

Rating: 4 stars

07/23/2019

This was a stable in my house growing up. My dad use to marinate the raw
chicken in mixture of cornstarch and soy sauce which made the chicken very
tender, eliminating the corn starch in the recipe.

SANDI149

Rating: 5 stars

11/23/2015

This was really good but I did what a lot of the others did with regard to the
saltiness. I only used 3 tbsp of the black bean sauce, no salt, no soy sauce,
and just a bit of the broth mixed with a lot of water. I also doubled the
amount of the chicken. My family and I loved it. I will definitely make it
again.

Debbie Bryan

Rating: 4 stars

03/16/2011

I just remade this recipe and it came out better. I just eyeballed how much of
each item to add based on what I thought might taste good. I skipped the salt
& pepper, used less black bean sauce & soy sauce. I didn't use a lid, so the
sauce thickened a little, but since I already made the cornstarch mixture I
added some of it, anyway. I was generous w/cilantro and let it cook down. What
I liked about this recipe is that it was easy and pretty quick. I'll give it 4
stars now. I made it again and I really don't think the soy sauce is needed.
This time I added chopped tomato and it was good.

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Chicken with Green Peppers in Black Bean Sauce

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Chicken with Green Peppers in Black Bean Sauce

##  All Reviews for Chicken with Green Peppers in Black Bean Sauce

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Chicken with Green Peppers in Black Bean Sauce

Servings Per Recipe: 4  
Calories: 253.5  

% Daily Value *

protein:  18.7g  37 %

carbohydrates:  17.2g  6 %

dietary fiber:  3.8g  15 %

sugars:  4.4g

fat:  12.6g  19 %

saturated fat:  2.5g  12 %

cholesterol:  43mg  14 %

vitamin a iu:  1035.7IU  21 %

niacin equivalents:  5.7mg  44 %

vitamin b6:  0.4mg  27 %

vitamin c:  63.5mg  106 %

folate:  59.6mcg  15 %

calcium:  82mg  8 %

iron:  2.1mg  12 %

magnesium:  41.3mg  15 %

potassium:  489.9mg  14 %

sodium:  1421.2mg  57 %

thiamin:  0.1mg  12 %

calories from fat:  113

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Chicken with Green Peppers in Black Bean Sauce

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 50

Chicken with Green Peppers in Black Bean Sauce

1 of 7 Chicken with Green Peppers in Black Bean Sauce

peter b

Chicken with Green Peppers in Black Bean Sauce

2 of 7 Chicken with Green Peppers in Black Bean Sauce

megasam

Chicken with Green Peppers in Black Bean Sauce

3 of 7 Chicken with Green Peppers in Black Bean Sauce

Mary Jo

Chicken with Green Peppers in Black Bean Sauce

4 of 7 Chicken with Green Peppers in Black Bean Sauce

Kimberlee Napoles

Chicken with Green Peppers in Black Bean Sauce

5 of 7 Chicken with Green Peppers in Black Bean Sauce

Soup Loving Nicole

Chicken with Green Peppers in Black Bean Sauce

6 of 7 Chicken with Green Peppers in Black Bean Sauce

Cookie Cutter

Chicken with Green Peppers in Black Bean Sauce

7 of 7 Chicken with Green Peppers in Black Bean Sauce

Stephen

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Chicken with Green Peppers in Black Bean Sauce to your
Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Chicken with Green Peppers in Black Bean Sauce

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

