https://www.spicypunch.com/chicken-momos-chicken-steamed-momos/


Skip to content

Menu

Menu

  * Home
  * About Us
  * Contact

# How to make chicken steamed momos recipe step by step

August 2, 2022May 23, 2021 by Moumita Paul

 **Chicken momos recipe - chicken steamed momos recipe** with step-by-step
pictures. **Chicken momos are** **soft and juicy delicious chicken mince
stuffed dumplings** made by steaming, boiling, frying, or baking. Among all
these kinds of momos recipes, the steamed momo is simple yet the best street-
style food. Best to have this chicken momos by dipping in spicy chili garlic
chutney aka momo chutney accompanied with hot chicken clear soup(optional) as
a side dish. Let see how easy it is to make at home with simple tips and
tricks.

##  **3 steps making process of chicken steamed momos recipe**

Like other momo recipes, chicken steamed momos also followed the following
steps:

 **Step 1: Start with its filling. Make it with raw chicken mince( keema)
mixed up with ginger, garlic, onion, soya sauce, salt & pepper. **

**Step 2:** Then **come to its folding technique, where the stuffing is folded
in a flour-based momo sheet or wrapper.**

 **Step 3:** Lastly, **its cooking process will be ended up by steaming.**

Though according to looks, chicken momos are quite close to Chinese chicken
dumplings **" dim sum"**, However, both are not the same because **momo 's and
dimsum's different ingredients make their taste different from each other**.
Though this Tibetan-originated momo has little influence of Chinese soya
sauce. However, except for chicken, ginger(mostly **garlic is not used in dim
sum** ), and soya sauce, there are no common ingredients in making these two
recipes. From making their wrapper to fillings differences can be easily
noticed.

Though momo is a Tibetan staple food, however, in India, its steamed
version(with chicken or vegetables) became a popular street food due to the
Nepali momo vendors. As even I first had these steamed momos in Kolkata from a
street-side momo stall running by 2 Nepali men. Those Nepali guys put their
stall just nearby my college. Their soft, juicy, delicious steamed chicken
dumplings easily won my heart in no time. Since then, momo is my first choice
as a healthy evening snack or having some light food at dinner.

While people start making momos at home due to satisfy their cravings,
however, my momo-making story is a little different. At my home, nobody used
to have boneless chicken pieces if I add them to a curry. Initially, I used to
have it. But later starts storing it in the freezer by thinking to make some
delicious kabab or momos with it, as it was also loved by my family. So I
decided to make it in my kitchen. Mostly on weekends, I alternatively started
making kabab and momo with those chicken pieces left in my freezer. As kabab
is mainly a spicy starter and could not make without using oil so to think of
our health, I step back from making it often. Rather I found it **easy and
healthy to use that leftover chicken in my steamed momos** and soup-making
recipe.

 **Chicken momos are considered healthy if it is steamed or baked rather than
deep-fried** **or made in tandoor.**

  * As it is **steamed so no oil is used in its cooking,** even **no oil is used in making momo 's dough.**
  * We **don 't use chili or any spices for making its filling **so **it is non-spicy too.**
  * And lastly **chicken makes it a protein-packed food.**

However, some of my north Indian friends said, momo is not healthy for using
flour to make its dough, as they don’t consider maida is good for health. On
the other hand, in the traditional (as per Tibetan and Nepali cuisine) method,
momo's wrappers can not be prepared without flour. So if have any problem with
flour then **make its wrapper either totally replace the maida with atta or
whole wheat flour** or **can take half a half wheat, and flour**. Even
**instead of refined flour or whole wheat flour, potato or tapioca starch can
be a healthy option** that is generally used in making Chinese momos aka dim
sum dough.

##  **Tips about best-steamed chicken momos recipe**

###  **Do not cook the chicken mince before stuffing** -

For making the close version of street style momos recipe, never cook or fry
the chicken mince while making it at home. That not only spoils the original
taste of this recipe even will also steal the moisture of the chicken. As **in
street-side momos, chicken mince is just mixed up with ginger, garlic, onion,
pepper, sauce, stuffed, and steamed to retain its moisture and make it
juicy**. That spices and sauce not only help to kill the raw smell of chicken
also enhance the flavor and taste too. However, If you have a serious
**problem with the smell of raw or uncooked chicken, then only cook or fry the
chicken mince with the same spices and sauce(described in ingredients
portion)** to make momos filling.

###  **Momos taste matters more than its shape** -

Momo's shape or folding technique is a form of artwork. And I believe other
than the creator(Tibetan or Nepali people) of this recipe only the
professionals **(street side momo vendors) can make it in proper shape because
of their regular practice**. So don't get upset if your momo's shape does not
look good. Even in spite of making momos(at home) for long years, still, I am
not perfect at making its shapes as the street side momo vendors can easily
make. Though momos beautiful shapes attract us more and so the Hindi proverb,
" **Pehle darshan dhari** ,  **phir gun**   **vichari** " easily suits best.
However, **momos taste completely depends on its stuffing, not in its shape**.

###  **How to steam chicken momos without using a steamer** -

See, when I start making this recipe then I don't have a momo steamer, not
even an idly steamer at my home. Then **I used to steam my momos(with both
vegetables or chicken) in a plain oil greased colander** (described in the
recipe). You can do it in the same way. But if you are used to with microwave
oven, then **can make these momos in the microwave-proof idly steamer** as
well.

###  **Do not overcrowd the momos in the steamer** -

Must keep some spaces between each momo, it will help to avoid sticking to
each other after steaming.

###  **How to Boil momos** -

People who are single or newly getting married or even bachelors do not have a
colander at home. They can easily make these momos by simply boiling. let's
see how to do it. First, **take a pan, fill it up with water, heat it until
the water starts boiling** , **put the chicken momos in it**. Don't worry,
**momos won 't stick together while boiled in hot water**. Just **after 10
mins of boiling, momos are done** , gently take it out from the water with the
help of a perforated ladle. These boiled momos are so delicate even more soft
and juicy than the steamed ones.

If you love street-style chicken momos then must try this recipe at home &
share your valuable comment and feedback with me. Make it at dinner or as an
evening snack. Hope my step-by-step recipe and tips will guide you at their
best. If you have some more questions about this recipe, you may write them
down too in my comment section below.

Being a vegetarian you can also check my **VEG MOMOS RECIPE** and must try it
along with my Street style **MOMO CHUTNEY RECIPE**. You may also serve this
chicken momos as an appetizer with my main course recipes like **CHINESE VEG
FRIED RICE** , **VEG NODDLES** , and **CHILLI CHICKEN RECIPE** at dinner.

##  **Chicken steamed momos recipe step by step**

 **Chicken momos are soft and juicy delicious chicken mince stuffed
dumplings** , **made with raw chicken mince or keema mixed up with ginger,
garlic, onion, soya sauce, salt & pepper, and lastly steamed. Serve with spicy
chilli garlic chutney.**

 **Prep time:** **30 mins**

 **Cooking time: 20 mins**

 **Total time:** **50 mins**

 **Course: Evening snacks**

 **Cuisine: Nepali/Tibet**

 **Total no. of Servings: 22-25**

 **Author: Moumita Paul**

###  **Ingredients for chicken momos**

####  **For making momos chicken filling**

  * 350 gms chicken mince/ keema
  * 1 1/2 finely chopped onion
  * 2 tsp grated ginger 
  * 2 tsp grated garlic
  * 1/2 tsp white pepper powder
  * 1 tsp soya sauce
  * 1tsp salt
  * 2 tsp of oil(for greasing)

####  **For making momos dough**

  * 2 cups maida or white flour
  * 3/4 tsp salt
  * Hot water(as required)

##  **Instructions for making chicken momo**

###  **Step 1 - Making momos chicken filling**

  * Take chicken mince or keema(store-bought, or make it at home) in a mixing bowl.
  * Add grated ginger-garlic, chopped onion, soya sauce, salt, and white pepper powder with the minced meat.
  * Then mix it together and this chicken momo filling is ready, cover it with a plate and keep the bowl aside.

###  **Step 2 - Making momos dough**

  * Take 2 cups of all-purpose flour or Plain maida, add 3/4 tsp of salt to it and mix it well together.
  * Then take hot water and gradually mix it with the flour and start kneading it. Knead it until a little soft and smooth dough is made. For making this soft dough I have used about one and a half cups of hot water. 
  * Once momos dough is ready either cover the bowl with a tight lid or use the cling wrap to make it soft. Keep it aside for at least 30 mins.

###  **Step 3 - Making chicken momos by hand**

  * After half an hour, first, take the dough and divide it into a few strips. Then cut the strips into small portions and turn them into small lemon size balls. Sprinkle flour on it. 
  * Take a rolling pin, and start rolling those balls. Turn those flour balls into a thin round disk by dusting flour on the rolling board or on the kitchen table.
  * Take such a disk on your palm, and put a spoon full of stuffing in the center of it.
  * Now start folding the momos with your fingertips. First, take both edges of the disk and make a hard pinch to close its end (as directed in the picture below).
  * Then make each pleate with your left fingertip and join its end with the last pleat by pressing it with your right fingertip. As shown in the pics below.
  * Keep continue the method of making the pleats and joining them together, and lastly close the ends of the disk to perfectly fold this dumpling. As shown in the below pics.
  * Stuffed chicken dumplings are ready with their perfect shape. Now it is time to steam up.

###  **Step 4 - How to steam momos(with or without momo steamer)**

  * For steaming these dumplings, either use a momo steamer or a plain colander(which you have at home). Though I used an idly steamer.
  * Take a plain colander pan or the colander tray used in momo or in idly steamer. Grease it with refined oil(to avoid sticking), arrange the momos on it. Or to make it oil-free, instead of greasing, put cabbage or banana leaves on the steamer or colander before arranging momos on it.
  * Put water into the momo steamer/idly steamer. If you don’t have the steamer, put a water-filled pan. Then put it on medium to the high flame of the stovetop. 
  * When the water starts boiling and releasing the steam, then put the momo-filled colander on the steamer or on the top of the water-filled pan. Tightly cover the steamer or the pan.
  * Let the momos steam on low flame for 18 -20 mins. After 18-20 mins, momos will be ready, then carefully take out the momos from the steamer or colander.
  * When all the chicken momos are steamed up, serve it hot with spicy chili garlic chutney.

##  **How to make chicken steamed momos recipe step by step with detailed
pictures**

###  **Step 1 - Making chicken mince/keema for momos**

  * Use store-bought chicken mince/keema, however, I make it at home with boneless chicken pieces(mainly chicken breast pieces).

  *  **For making chicken mince at home** , first, **wash and clean the chicken pieces, pat them dry, and cut them into small pieces**. Then either **grind the meat** or **make its mince or keema by chopping the chicken pieces with a sharp knife or chopper** as I did in this recipe. As shown in the pics.

  * Once the chicken mince/keema is ready, keep it aside in a mixing bowl.

###  **Step 2 - Making momos chicken stuffing**

  * Add **grated ginger-garlic, chopped onion, soya sauce, salt, and white pepper powder with the minced meat**.

  * Then mix all the ingredients together and chicken momo filling is ready. Cover this chicken filling with a plate and keep the bowl aside.

###  **Step 3 - Prepare momos dough**

  * Take **2 cups of all-purpose flour or Plain maida, add 3/4 tsp of salt to it**. Mix it well together.

  * Then take hot water and gradually mix it with the flour and start kneading it. Knead it until a little soft and smooth dough is made. For making this soft dough I have used about one and a half cups of hot water. 

  * Once momos dough is ready either cover the bowl with a tight lid or use the cling wrap to make it soft. Keep it aside for at least 30 mins.

###  **Step 4 - Making chicken momos by hand**

  * After half an hour, first, take the dough and divide it into a few strips. Then cut the strips into small portions and turn them into small lemon size balls. Sprinkle flour on it. 

  * Take a rolling pin, and start rolling those flour balls. Turn those balls into a thin round disk by dusting flour on the rolling board or on the kitchen table.

  * Take such a disk on your palm, put a spoon full of stuffing in the center of it.

  * Now **start folding the momos with your fingertips. First, take both edges of the disk/wrapper and make a hard pinch to close its end** as directed in the picture below.

  * Then **make each pleate with your left fingertip and join its end with the last pleat by pressing it with the right fingertip**. As shown in the pics below.

  *  **Keep continue the method of making the pleats and joining them together** , and **lastly close the ends of the wrapper to perfectly fold this dumpling**. Follow each step as shown in the pics below.

  * Stuffed chicken dumplings are ready with their perfect shape. Now it is time to steam up.

##  **Step 5 - How to steam momos(with or without momo steamer)**

 **For steaming these dumplings, either use a momo steamer or a plain
colander(which you have at home). Though I used an idly steamer.**

  * Take **a plain colander pan or the colander tray used in momo or in idly steamer, grease it with refined oil** (to avoid sticking), arrange the momos on it. Or **to make it oil-free, instead of greasing, put cabbage or banana leaves on the steamer or colander** before arranging momos on it.

  * Put water into the momo steamer/idly steamer. If you **don’t have the steamer, put a water-filled pan**. Then **place it on the stovetop**. 

  *  **When the water starts boiling and releasing the steam** , then **place the momo-filled colander on the steamer**. **Cover it tightl** y.

  * Let **steam the momos on low flame for 18 -20 mins**. After 18-20 mins, chicken momos will be ready. Then carefully take out the momos(as it is soft and delicate) from the steamer or colander.

  * When the rest of the chicken momos will be steamed up, then serve it hot with spicy chili garlic chutney.

 **Notes**

  * By following the same steps, you may **double or triple its servings by increasing its all ingredients 2x or 3x**.
  *  **Momo wrapper or momo disk must be thin to get the perfect street style taste**.
  * I explained how I shape my momos, you can make it with any shape at your convenience. Even you **may use any instant momo shape maker** , easily get in any local or online stores.
  * Few street-side momo stalls **use finely chopped cabbage with chicken to increase the volume of its stuffing**. The use of cabbage will add more moisture too as cabbages release water while boiling. You may use cabbage or even carrot to make it more healthy.
  * You **can store it in the refrigerator for 2-3 days or freezer for more days**. However, **store the momos (before or after boiling) in an airtight container**.
  * For kids, to avoid its spicy chili chutney, you may serve these dumplings with sweet and sour tomato ketchup or mayonnaise.

Summary

Recipe Name

chicken momos

Author Name

Moumita Paul

Published On

2021-05-23

Preparation Time

30M

Cook Time

20M

Total Time

50M

Average Rating

4 Based on **8** Review(s)

### Related posts:

  1. Veg momos recipe | how to make steamed vegetable momos at home 
  2. crispy fried chicken tenders recipe | crispy chicken tenders 
  3. chicken cutlet recipe | how to make bengali chicken cutlet recipe | easy chicken cutlets recipe 
  4. Bengali bhetki fish fry recipe - a Bengali style crispy fish cutlet recipe 

Categories Recipes, Snacks & Appetizers Tags dumpling recipes, momos recipes,
steamed momos recipes Post navigation

CCD style cold coffee recipes

Healthy and delicious chicken clear soup recipe

### 2 thoughts on "How to make chicken steamed momos recipe step by step"

  1. T. C. Koshy

January 23, 2022 at 9:24 am

I happened to taste the delicious momo in 1973 almost fifty years ago for the
first time. That was from a small hotel run by a Tibetan family in Bhutan.
Since then I liked to eat it whenever possible and now Iam expertised in
making momos using different types of meats as fillers. You have presented the
narration nicely.  
Wish you all the best

Reply

    * [email protected]

January 23, 2022 at 12:28 pm

Thank you so much, Mr. Koshy for your best wishes & kind words.

Reply

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Comment

Name Email Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

## Moumita Paul

Hi, I'm Moumita, a Food Blogger & Recipe Creator behind SpicyPunch. Started my
blogging journey from the end of 2017 with publishing delicious recipes
created in my kitchen. More than professional I'm passionate about cooking. My
mom is my inspiration & my teacher in cooking, learnt a lot from her. Love to
create wonderful recipes to make my closed ones happy.

## Search

Search for:

## Recipe By Category

  * Bengal Specialities (78)
  * Beverages / Drinks (7)
  * Breakfast recipes (6)
  * Cakes/Cupcakes (4)
  * Chicken recipes (9)
  * Chutney recipes (4)
  * Condiments (6)
  * Dal recipes (3)
  * Desserts/Sweets (32)
  * Fish recipes (15)
  * Ice cream/Kulfi (3)
  * Main course (67)
  * Mutton recipes (11)
  * Prawn recipes (5)
  * Recipes (169)
  * Rice recipes (10)
  * Sauce recipes (2)
  * Snacks & Appetizers (35)
  * Soup recipes (4)
  * Veg recipes (12)
  * World cuisine (23)

Hyderabadi biryani recipe with chicken in one pot -step by step

Hyderabadi chicken biryani most delicious Indian biryani with long grain
basmati rice, soft juicy murgh, a mixed punch of saffron-ghee, & Hyderabadi
biryani masala with easy step-by-step pictures

By Moumita Paul

On Aug 5, 2022

Easy Mango Ice Cream Recipe - step by step

A very delicious & creamy mango ice cream recipe prepared just in 30 mins with
milk, whipping cream & mango pulp, easy to make at home with simple step-by-
step detailed pictures.

By Moumita Paul

On May 20, 2022

দুর্দান্ত স্বাদের পমফ্রেট মাছের রেসিপি(Pomfret macher recipe in bengali)

পমফ্রেট মাছের রেসিপি(Pomfret macher recipe in bengali) দুর্দান্ত স্বাদের ঝাল
ঝাল এই পমফ্রেট মাছের রেসিপি, অতি সাধারণ উপকরণ দিয়ে সহজেই বাড়িতে বানিয়ে ফেলুন.

By Moumita Paul

On May 16, 2022

কলকাতা চিকেন বিরিয়ানি রেসিপি - Kolkata chicken biryani recipe in bengali

কলকাতা চিকেন বিরিয়ানি - Kolkata chicken biryani recipe in bengali- কলকাতা'র
আরসালান রেস্টুরেন্ট স্টাইল দুর্দান্ত স্বাদের এই চিকেন বিরিয়ানি, এই রেসিপিটি
ফলো করে বাড়িতে খুব সহজেই বানিয়ে খেতে পারেন.

By Moumita Paul

On May 12, 2022

স্ট্রিট স্টাইল ভেজ মোমো রেসিপি - Veg momo recipe in bengali

ভেজ মোমো - Veg momo recipe in Bengali নরম তুলতুলে অত্যন্ত সুস্বাদু ভেজ মোমো'র
রেসিপি(কলকাতা স্ট্রিট সাইড মোমো ষ্টল স্টাইল) তাও বাংলায়, বাড়িতে সহজেই বানিয়ে
ফেলুন আর ঝাল মোমো চাটনি'র সাথে পরিবেশন করুন.

By Moumita Paul

On May 9, 2022

Mango Lassi recipe - street style Mango yogurt drink

A very delicious & creamy mango lassi recipe with street style lassi shop's
taste prepared just in 10 mins, easy to make at home with simple step-by-step
detail with pictures.

By Moumita Paul

On May 5, 2022

চিকেন স্টু রেসিপি(in bengali) - মাত্র ৩০ মিনিটে

চিকেন স্টু রেসিপি((Chicken stew recipe in bengali) মাত্র ৩০ মিনিটে প্রেসার
কুকার এ দোকানের মতন অতন্ত্য সুস্বাদু এবং খুবই স্বাস্থ্যকর চিকেন স্টু সহজেই
বাড়িতে বানিয়ে ফেলুন.

By Moumita Paul

On May 2, 2022

স্ট্রিট স্টাইল চিকেন মোমো রেসিপি(chicken momo recipe in bengali)

চিকেন মোমো রেসিপি(chicken momo recipe in bengali) তেল ছাড়া সামান্য মসলাযুক্ত
নরম, তুলতুলে, রসালো স্ট্রিট স্টাইল অপূর্ব স্বাদের চিকেন মোমো রেসিপি, বাড়িতে
বানিয়ে ঝাল মোমো চাটনি দিয়ে পরিবেশন করুন.

By Moumita Paul

On Apr 30, 2022

View all stories

(C) 2022  • Built with GeneratePress

Hyderabadi biryani recipe with chicken in one pot -step by step Easy Mango Ice
Cream Recipe - step by step দুর্দান্ত স্বাদের পমফ্রেট মাছের রেসিপি(Pomfret
macher recipe in bengali) কলকাতা চিকেন বিরিয়ানি রেসিপি - Kolkata chicken
biryani recipe in bengali স্ট্রিট স্টাইল ভেজ মোমো রেসিপি - Veg momo recipe in
bengali Mango Lassi recipe - street style Mango yogurt drink চিকেন স্টু
রেসিপি(in bengali) - মাত্র ৩০ মিনিটে স্ট্রিট স্টাইল চিকেন মোমো রেসিপি(chicken
momo recipe in bengali)

