https://thefoodhog.com/chicken-momos-recipe/


Skip to Content

The Food Hog

  * Blog
  * Eat-ineraries
  * Travel Bites
  * Street Food
  * Cooking
    * Recipes
    * 5-minute recipes
    * Vegan recipes
    * Desserts
  * Spices
  * Contact
    * Privacy Policy

# Chicken Momos Recipe- How To Make Delicious Homemade Dumplings in 1 Hour?

1 Comment

Today, the traditional chicken momos recipe is one of the most popular
Tibetan/Nepali dishes and an irreplaceable part of India's rich street food
scene. Momos are one of the rare dishes that you can eat for breakfast, lunch,
snack, or dinner without feeling weird, heavy, or guilty. If you like
Tibetan/Indian dishes and want to try to prepare something at home that will
impress your friends or relatives, chicken momos are a great choice. They
aren't very easy to make and we'd probably rate the difficulty of our chicken
momos recipe as 'medium' but this post will show you (in details) how to make
chicken momos at home

But first things first…  

**Contents** show

1. What Are Chicken Momos?

2. History of Momos

3. Momos Varieties

4. Serving Chicken Momos

5. How To Shape Chicken Momos?

6. A Few More Tips

7. Can I Freeze Chicken Momos?

8. A Few More Things You Need For This Recipe

9. Chicken Momos Recipe

9.1. Ingredients

9.1.1. For The Dough

9.1.2. For The Filling

9.2. Instructions

9.2.1. Nutrition Information:

9.2.2. Serving Size:

## What Are Chicken Momos?

Chicken momos are a dumpling-like snack that consists of a thin wrap and a
delicious filling. Momos can be divided according to the filling ingredients
to veg momos, beef momos, pork momos, chicken momos, cheese momos, mushroom
momos, and nowadays, even sweet momos but the original momos recipe originates
from the Tibetan region from where it spread to Nepal, Bhutan, India, and the
rest of the world.

Let's make it clear, making momos is an art and every family in the regions I
mentioned has a slightly different way of making them. And that's the beauty
of it; you can always modify your chicken momos recipe according to your
preferences.

## History of Momos

Even though its origin isn't 100% clear, momos probably originated somewhere
in the Tibetan plateau around the 14th century. The golden era of the Tibetan
kingdom was long gone but parts of Tibet had certain autonomy that allowed
local trade to flourish. A lot of Tibetan merchants increased the trade with
India and Nepal and this is probably how momos reached the Indian
subcontinent.

To fit the needs of India's dominantly vegetarian popultions, veg momos became
a thing, and even though beef and pork momos were a lot more popular in Tibet,
chicken momos thrived in Nepal and India (where most non-vegetarian people
consume only chicken). From there, momos just kept getting more and more
popular and people would find ways to adjust them to the local standards and
ingredients.

That's why today, there are a lot of…

## Momos Varieties

As we mentioned, momos can be divided based on their filling but they can also
be divided according to the preparation method. Hence, we have the traditional
method of preparing momos- steaming but you can also find varieties, such as
deep-fried momos, grilled momos, and baked or tandoori momos.  In addition to
this, it can be argued that a lot of regional dumplings, especially in Central
Asia (such as manti, khinkhali, etc.) but also everywhere else where you can
find Tibetan diaspora, originated from momos.

## Serving Chicken Momos

Traditionally, the chicken momos recipe culminates by serving alongside some
delicious chutney or a warm plate of thukpa soup. The chutney can be green or
red, depending mostly on the color of the chilies used for preparing the dip.
Please note that if you plan to prepare a traditional chutney, it will be
quite spicy, so be conservative when using the spices if you're not used to
hot food.

This is the traditional way of serving momos but the beauty of this popular
snack is in its versatility. Momos can also be eaten alongside other stews or
combined with other Indian street food snacks like honey chili potato, ghugni
chaat, or aloo chaat.

## How To Shape Chicken Momos?

The hardest part of the traditional chicken momos recipe is shaping the
dumplings. The two basic ways to shape momos are in circles and in half-moon
shape. Whatever you choose, you have to start by dividing the dough into two
pieces and rolling out a big, this sheet of dough. From here, you cut out
large circles and start rolling them. They should be as thin as possible but
not so thin that they'll be transparent.

After that, add the dough circle in your non-dominant hand and add one spoon
of the filling. Until here, the process is the same for both shapes and this
is where the main difference lies.

**For Circle-Shaped Momos**

Start by pinching the edge of the dough together but make sure that the
portion you pinch is small enough to fold between your thumb and forefinger.
Keep stretching the dough around the edge as it forms a circle and merge it
into a single spot. Make sure there are no holes in between (so that you don't
lose the juicy part of the momo) and you're good to go.

**For Half-Moon-Shaped Momos**

Fold the circle dough into half in a way that the filling is completely
covered by the dough. Press the two edges of the half circle together and
close any open space that's left in between. Pinch and fold around the edges
to seal the dumpling until you reach the final shape. We recommend this
approach for beginners. If you want to see more ways on how to shape momos,
you can also check out this video.

_Are you a fan of Indian street food? Then you 'll definitely love our pani
puri recipe and our jhal muri recipe._

## A Few More Tips

If you want to make rolling the momos easier, use some rice powder for
dusting.

If you use packaged minced chicken meat (you can also mince it yourself), use
raw minced chicken rather than sauteed.

Tiny pieces of carrots really make the difference for the filling. Even though
it's not mandatory, I suggest you add it.

Don't overcook the momos. Steaming shouldn't take more than 15 minutes and
anything more than this can make the filling dry and hard.

You can keep the momo chutney in the fridge for up to 3-4 days while if you
choose thukpa soup, I suggest you don't keep it in the fridge at all. If you
still do, don't keep the soup in the fridge for more than a day.

## Can I Freeze Chicken Momos?

Short answer, yes, you can freeze momos, but let's elaborate. You can roll the
momos, keep them in the fridge overnight, and steam them the next day. Just
make sure you use an air-tight container. If you want to store them for more
than one day, keep them in the freezer. You can also keep the momos in a
freezer for a few hours, and then add the frozen momos in a ziplock-freezer
bag and store them for up to 4 weeks.

**Important:** Don't cook, freeze, and reheat the momos. This will make the
momos, dense, chewy, and hard which is exactly the opposite of what they
should be.

## A Few More Things You Need For This Recipe

Yield: 10 Pieces

## Chicken Momos Recipe

Print

Today, the traditional chicken momos recipe is one of the most popular Tibetan
dishes and an irreplaceable part of India's rich street food scene. Here's how
to make it at home.

**Prep Time** 15 minutes

**Cook Time** 45 minutes

**Total Time** 1 hour

### Ingredients

#### For The Dough

  * 2 Cups All-Purpose Flour 
  * 1 Tablespoon Oil 
  * 3/4 Cup Water 
  * 1 Teaspoon Salt 

#### For The Filling

  * 1 Cup Minced Chicken 
  * 1 Tablespoon Oil 
  * 5 Cloves Garlic (Chopped) 
  * 1/2 Capsicum (Chopped) 
  * 1/2 Spring Onion (Chopped) 
  * 1 Tablespoon Soya Sauce 
  * 2 Teaspoons Salt 
  * 1 Teaspoon Garlic 
  * 1 Teaspoon Chilli Powder 
  * 1/4 Carrot Shredded (optional) 

### Instructions

1\. Place all the dough ingredients in a bowl and mix.

2\. Using water, knead a soft dough, and once done, cover it for 15-20
minutes.

3\. Chop the garlic and other vegetables into very tiny pieces, preferably
using a machine cutter.

4\. Take the chicken and mix it using a machine cutter.

5\. Mix the minced chicken together with the vegetables, add the soya sauce
and all other spices, and mix everything well.

6\. Make small balls from the dough and add one spoon of filling.

7\. Pinch the dough and bring the edges together around the center as
described in the section "How To Shape Chicken Momos").

8\. Repeat the process until you have enough momos for the first batch.

9\. Grease your steamer and add the first batch.

10\. Steaming takes 10-15 minutes. In the meantime, you can repeat steps 1-10
for the second batch if necessary)

11\. Serve with some hot chutney or thukpa soup and enjoy!

#### Nutrition Information:

#### Serving Size:

100 grams  
_Amount Per Serving:_ Calories: 325Total Fat: 12.91gSaturated Fat: 1.5gTrans
Fat: 0gUnsaturated Fat: 3.2gCholesterol: 88mgSodium: 114mgCarbohydrates:
10.94gNet Carbohydrates: 19.94gFiber: 1gSugar: 1.5gProtein: 25g

(C) The Food Hog

**Cuisine:** Indian/Tibetian  / **Category:** Recipes

How did you like our chicken momos recipe? Did you ever taste this delicious
treat? Did you try our recipe at home? Don't forget to leave us a rating.

Like it? Pin it.

Spread the love

50

Shares

By Author The Food Hog

Posted on Last updated: July 30, 2022

Categories Recipes, Cooking, Indian Cuisine & Recipes

## Post navigation

Pork Momos Recipe- How To Make Delicious Pork Momos At Home in One Hour?

Bocadillo Recipe- How To Prepare A Delicious Spanish Sandwich in 10 Minutes?

Click here to cancel reply.

Current ye@r *

Leave this field empty

Bipin kaul

Tuesday 9th of November 2021

Nice

Copyright (C) 2022 The Food Hog | Trellis Framework by Mediavine

Skip to Recipe

