https://www.chinasichuanfood.com/singapore-mei-fun/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

# China Sichuan Food

menu icon

  * Recipe Index
  * By Date
  * Newsletter
  * Pantry
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

search icon

Search

  * Recipe Index
  * By Date
  * Newsletter
  * Pantry
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

×

Home » Recipes » Noodles

# Singapore Mei Fun (Mai Fun)

December 19, 2014 by Elaine 61 Comments | Jump to Recipe

  * Facebook
  * Pinterest33345

**Singapore Mei Fun (Mai Fun)** recipe with Char Siu pork, carrot, red onions,
shrimp and napa cabbage

I have received one request about how to make Chinese takeout Singapore fried
Mei fun (Mai Fun)around one week ago. Before that request, I totally had no
idea about how popular this dish is outside China. However it is really worth
the popularity.

I guess you might be quite confused why this Singapore stuff food appears on
Chinese takeout menu. Although it is named as Singapore chow Mei fun, this
dish is not unique to Singapore. The Chinese name of this pan fried rice
noodle recipe is "星州炒米粉" and it is usually served in tea restaurant in
southern China and Hong Kong. It really combines several interesting
ingredients for example Chinese char siu or sausage and golden curry powder
from India. By the way, curry powder has become a really popular kitchen
seasoning in Chinese kitchen now. And you should not feel surprised when
hearing the stewed beef with curry and potato has been ranked as top 20
popular dishes in China now.Anyway, no matter where it comes from and why it
is named as Singapore Mei fun, we can just enjoy yummy dishes.

**Here are some tips about the ingredients**

  * For the curry, golden curry including powder and paste is high recommended since it contains large amount of turmeric powder, thus giving a golden color of the final dish.
  * About Char Siu, if you just cannot find any store version Char Siu and not interested in making some at home too. You can replace it with Chinese sausage or bacon.

  * About the Mei fun (Mai Fun): In this recipe, dried thin rice noodle is usually used. In addition, we have flat rice noodles used in beef chow fun. If possible, use Taiwanese Mei fun for this recipe because most of high quality Taiwanese Mei Fun provides a better texture and you will not end up with broken rice noodles.

Heat up around ½ tablespoon oil in pan and make a thin omelet. Then shred the
egg omelet on your cutting board after cooling down.

Heat up around 1 tablespoon oil in wok over medium fire. Add shrimp and Char
Siu meat or sausage or ham to fry for around 10 to 20 seconds until aroma. Add
other side ingredients including carrot, green pepper, onion and cabbage to
fry for another 30 seconds or until they are slightly soften. Spread the curry
power on the mixture and mix well.

Add rice noodles in and after that stir in the stir fry sauce in. Make quick
movements to coat all the contents with stir fry sauce evenly.

Add shredded egg omelet , mix well.

Enjoy!

## Singapore Mei Fun

Homemade Singapore Mei Fun-stir fried thin rice noodles with pork, shrimp,
peppers and Chinese cabbage.

5 from 4 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Chinese

Keyword: Mei Fun, stir fry

Prep Time: 30 minutes

Cook Time: 10 minutes

Total Time: 40 minutes

Servings: 2

Calories: 560kcal

Author: Elaine

### Ingredients

  * 100 g dried rice noodles
  * 8 whole Shrimp ,peeled and deveined
  * 2 whole Eggs
  * 1 cup Shredded Napa Cabbage
  * ½ cup shredded carrot
  * ½ cup shredded red onion
  * 1 fresh green pepper ,shredded (I use half green and half red)
  * 1 scallion or green onion ,cut into 2 inch sections
  * ⅓ cup Chinese Char Siu or sausage ,finely sliced or shredded
  * 1.5 tbsp. vegetable oil
  * ½ tbsp. golden curry powder

#### Stir fry sauce

  * 1 tbsp. cooking wine
  * ½ tbsp. light soy sauce
  * 1 tsp. dark soy sauce
  * 2 tsp. sesame oil
  * ½ tbsp. oyster sauce ,optional
  * 1 tsp. sugar
  * ½ tsp. salt or as needed

### Instructions

  * Pre-soak the rice noodles for around 20 to 30 minutes until soft and then drain.

  * Heat up around ½ tablespoon oil in pan and make a thin omelet. Then shred the egg omelet on your cutting board after cooling down.

  * Slice other ingredients and mix the stir fry sauce in a small bowl.

  * Heat up around 1 tablespoon oil in wok over medium fire. Add shrimp and Char Siu meat or sausage or ham to fry for around 10 to 20 seconds until aroma. Add other side ingredients including carrot, green pepper, onion and cabbage to fry for another 30 seconds or until they are slightly soften.

  * Spread the curry power on the mixture and mix well.

  * Add rice noodles in and after that stir in the stir fry sauce in. Make quick movements to coat all the contents with stir fry sauce evenly.

  * Add shredded egg omelet and scallions or green onions. Fry for another 20 second or so.

  * Transfer out and serve hot.

### Notes

Since both soy sauce and oyster sauce contains salt, so I spare salt in this
recipe. For any reason you need to cut or reduce any of the ingredients,
increase the salt amount accordingly.

Please test with small batch firstly as chow Mei fun or other rice noodles
needs frying practices. If you are trying to make a larger batch, make sure
you get a larger wok and stronger fire.

### Nutrition

Calories: 560kcal | Carbohydrates: 56g | Protein: 22g | Fat: 27g | Saturated
Fat: 13g | Cholesterol: 334mg | Sodium: 1538mg | Potassium: 458mg | Fiber: 4g
| Sugar: 6g | Vitamin A: 5875IU | Vitamin C: 18.2mg | Calcium: 167mg | Iron:
3.7mg

« Ground Beef Rice Bowl

Steamed Chicken with Chinese Mushroom »

### You may also like

## How to Make Bubble Tea (Boba Tea)

March 8, 2018

## Amazing Chinese Spicy Potato Salad

December 29, 2017

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Valerie

April 07, 2018 at 9:47 pm

This was deeeeelicious! Definitely satisfied my restaurant craving. We made
with chicken and shrimp, only 2tsps of oil, and used reduced sodium soy sauce
(we didn't have regular or dark). The portions were huge! This could easily
make 3-4 portions for those who eat a little less.

Reply

    * Elaine

April 10, 2018 at 8:41 pm

Thanks Valerie. When eating fried noodles, my family members always eats a
lot. I serve them as a meal, sometimes with soups.

Reply

  2. Dionne

November 21, 2018 at 10:53 pm

Every year for Thanksgiving my family makes food from different cultures. This
year we chose Asian. Your website has been EXTREMELY helpful. This is a
favorite of most of my family and I had no idea it was this easy. Thanks so
much! Hope it turns out well tomorrow. Wish us luck lol

Reply

    * Elaine

November 22, 2018 at 8:49 am

Dionne,  
Happy cooking and Happy Thanksgiving!

Reply

  3. Andrew

January 25, 2019 at 2:45 pm

  
I subbed the meat and eggs for tofu and tempeh to make it a full plant based
meal and it did not disappoint. The tofu was fresh firm and the tempeh was
sprouted chickpea. I also threw in a little ketjap manis for a sweet soy taste
and halved the sugar.

Thanks for the recipe!

Reply

  4. Marilyn Welch

April 16, 2019 at 1:37 am

  
I just finished making your recipe for Singapore Mei Fun and it was so
delicious. I thank you for sharing the recipe! This is definitely one to save
for my recipe box! Will be making this many times!!!

Reply

    * Elaine

April 16, 2019 at 8:01 am

Thanks Marilyn so much for this lovely feedback. Happy cooking.

Reply

  5. Claudia D

November 27, 2019 at 9:04 pm

I love a good Singapore noodle dish from our local Chinese restaurant here in
Seattle. It would be fun to recreate it at home and thanks to you I might.  
The noodles need to soak in cold or warm water?  
Also do you have a site where I could order an authentic chinese wok already
seasoned?  
Thank you Elaine for this recipe!

Reply

    * Elaine

November 28, 2019 at 7:36 pm

Claudia,  
I usually soak them in warm water to fasten the process.  
I am sorry that I have no idea about where to buy seasoned wok. But the step
is quite easy and you can finish at home easily. Get some fat （animal fat） and
ginger slices, brush the wok carefully with the fat and ginger. Then wash with
hot water. Dry and repeat this fro 2 times and then your wok is well seasoned.

Reply

  6. Christina

November 30, 2019 at 8:06 pm

Hi. Elaine

I found your website from this very recipe on Pinterest. This used to be my
absolute favorite takeout meal. Question is there any way to lighten the
sodium level in this recipe? I have to watch my salt intake but would love to
make this as it sounds delicious. Please let me know.

Reply

    * Elaine

December 01, 2019 at 7:32 pm

Christina,  
There is low sodium soy sauce sold. If you need to water the salt taking, you
can use low sodium soy sauce and skip oyster sauce, and slightly reduce the
amount of salt. I hope this helps. happy cooking!

Reply

  7. Suresh

March 24, 2020 at 8:33 pm

I made it it taste very good but was a little dry

Reply

  8. Don Heckman

November 18, 2020 at 3:32 pm

This is my favorite chinese dish. Your recipe is much better than from a
restaurant. When I get it from my local Chinese restaurant they serve it with
a red colored hot sauce that is added last. Can I get that recipe please as
well? I usually get extra and add it when I reheat in the wok.

Please and thank you

Don

Reply

    * Elaine

November 18, 2020 at 7:50 pm

Don,  
There are lots of chili sauce in Chinese cuisine. So it is hard to me to
judge. Maybe it is a secret recipe from this restaurant. Can you drop me a
picture via FB or IS？

Reply

  9. Alex Fanning

May 30, 2021 at 10:02 am

  
Really delicious! I will definitely make this again

Reply

    * Elaine

June 02, 2021 at 8:53 am

Thank you Alex.

Reply

« Older Comments

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### Hi, Welcome!

Please not be limited by site name, as Elaine shares Chinese recipes beyond
Sichuan dishes. Know me more from  About Page

  * Facebook
  * Google+
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

### Find Recipes

Search

##  Email List

Subscribe Our Email list to get updates and recipes

## Footer

↑ back to top

  * Privacy Policy. Disclaimer. About. Hot Pot cookbook

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2022 ChinaSichuanFood.com | All Rights Reserved

  *   * 

