https://www.chinasichuanfood.com/vegetarian-mei-fun/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

# China Sichuan Food

menu icon

  * Recipe Index
  * By Date
  * Newsletter
  * Pantry
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

search icon

Search

  * Recipe Index
  * By Date
  * Newsletter
  * Pantry
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

×

Home » Recipes » Noodles

# Vegetarian Mei Fun

July 17, 2018 by Elaine 7 Comments | Jump to Recipe

  * Facebook
  * Pinterest2894

Quick and healthy vegetarian mei fun with bok choy, eggs, and shiitake
mushroom.

Stir-frying vegetable, eggs and meats with staple food is a very popular
Chinese cooking method. Including chow fun, chow mei, fried rice and fried mei
fun. All of those dishes are extremely convenient and quick. More importantly,
they are super delicious. They are good ending for the leftover ingredients in
your fridge.

The most famous and popular in Southern China is fried mei fun might be
"新洲炒米粉", which is also named as Singapore style fried mei fun. In other places
of China, we are more freestyle concerning about a chow fun dish.

### Cook's Note

  1. For most of Chinese style mei fun dish, we recommend Taiwanese thin rice noodles (新竹米粉). You can try to search it in local Asian stores. If that variety can not be found, this Vietnamese Rice Stick can be a good substitute. It is quite important to know that the cooking method or time might be slightly different based on the brands. Remember to read the package firstly.
  2. Compare vegetables and meat with lots of tissues helping absorb flavors, mei fun itself is blank evenly after cooking. Ground spices can stick to the rice noodle and make them quite tasty.

### Ingredients

  * 2 eggs
  * 2 garlic cloves
  * 2 bok choy, cut into small pieces
  * 2 shiitake mushroom, cut into small strips
  * ¼ bell pepper, cut into small pieces
  * 2 servings thin rice noodles (50g)
  * 2 tbsp. cooking oil
  * 1 tbsp. light soy sauce + 1 tsp. dark soy sauce
  * ¼ tsp. sugar
  * ½ tsp. salt, divided
  * ¼ tsp. Chinese five spice powder or other your personal favorite spice

### Steps

Pre-soak the thin rice noodles with **hot water** until soft. **Or you can
cook the noodles in hot boiling water according to the instruction on the
package (pan-frying).** Transfer out and drain. Whisk egg with salt in a small
bowl with a tiny pinch of salt.

Heat around 2 tablespoons of cooking oil in wok until really hot. Pour in egg
liquid and break into smaller pieces using chopstick or a spatula. Transfer
the eggs out and keep the oil in the work.

Add chopped garlic, fry until aromatic and then place fresh ingredients
including shiitake mushrooms, bok choy and red peppers. Fry until those
ingredients becomes slightly soft.

Add the rice noodles in and the eggs. Add light soy sauce, sugar, dark soy
sauce and salt. Sprinkle five spice powder and mix well quickly.

## Vegetarian Mei Fun

A healthy and quick vegetarian mei fun

5 from 1 vote

Print Pin Rate

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Cantonese, Chinese

Keyword: Mei Fun, Vegetarian

Prep Time: 10 minutes

Cook Time: 15 minutes

Total Time: 25 minutes

Servings: 2

Calories: 331kcal

Author: Elaine

### Ingredients

  * 2 eggs
  * 2 garlic cloves
  * 2 bok choy ,cut into small pieces
  * 3 shiitake mushroom ,cut into small strips
  * ¼ bell pepper ,cut into small pieces
  * 2 servings thin rice noodles ,50g
  * 2 tbsp. cooking oil
  * 1 tbsp. light soy sauce + 1 tsp. dark soy sauce
  * ¼ tsp. sugar
  * ½ tsp. salt ,divided
  * ¼ tsp. Chinese five spice powder

### Instructions

  * Pre-soak the thin rice noodles with hot water until soft. Or you can cook the noodles in hot boiling water according to the instruction on the package (pan-frying). Transfer out and drain. Whisk egg with salt in a small bowl with a tiny pinch of salt.

  * Heat around 2 tablespoons of cooking oil in wok until really hot. Pour in egg liquid and break into smaller pieces using chopstick or a spatula. Transfer the eggs out and keep the oil in the work.

  * Add chopped garlic, fry until aromatic and then place fresh ingredients including shiitake mushrooms, bok choy and red peppers. Fry until those ingredients becomes slightly soft.

  * Add the rice noodles in and the eggs. Add light soy sauce, sugar, dark soy sauce and salt. Sprinkle five spice powder and mix well quickly.

### Nutrition

Calories: 331kcal | Carbohydrates: 24g | Protein: 19g | Fat: 20g | Saturated
Fat: 2g | Cholesterol: 163mg | Sodium: 1503mg | Potassium: 2272mg | Fiber: 9g
| Sugar: 11g | Vitamin A: 38235IU | Vitamin C: 397.9mg | Calcium: 912mg |
Iron: 7.9mg

« Oyster with Garlic Sauce

Pickled Peppers (Pao Jiao) »

### You may also like

## Milk Bread

July 10, 2016

## Lo Mai Gai (Steamed Sticky Rice in Lotus Leaf)

December 22, 2016

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Jimi

August 01, 2018 at 7:27 pm

Hey there,

This is one of my favorite dishes in the whole world!  
Love anything in a bowl, like Anthony Bourdain.

Cheers!

Reply

    * Elaine

August 01, 2018 at 8:16 pm

It is quite easy and has been my favorite for a while.

Reply

  2. Jennifer Lam

August 24, 2018 at 2:46 am

  
Im so ready to make this tonight! Looks delicious!

Reply

  3. Jennifer Lam

August 24, 2018 at 2:48 am

One question, why is Chinese Five Spice repeated twice above?

½ tsp. Chinese five spice powder, then again down the list ¼ tsp. Chinese five
spice powder?

Thanks!  
Jenn

Reply

    * Elaine

August 24, 2018 at 7:12 am

Nice Catch, Jennifer. I believe that I have made an error.

Reply

  4. Lana

March 05, 2020 at 12:36 am

Looks like we're supposed to add dark soy sauce in the instructions but it's
not listed in the ingredients list. How much do we need to add?

Reply

    * Elaine

March 11, 2020 at 9:10 am

Lana, mix around 1 teaspoon of dark soy sauce with light soy sauce.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### Hi, Welcome!

Please not be limited by site name, as Elaine shares Chinese recipes beyond
Sichuan dishes. Know me more from  About Page

  * Facebook
  * Google+
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

### Find Recipes

Search

##  Email List

Subscribe Our Email list to get updates and recipes

## Footer

↑ back to top

  * Privacy Policy. Disclaimer. About. Hot Pot cookbook

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2022 ChinaSichuanFood.com | All Rights Reserved

  *   * 

