https://www.myplantifulcooking.com/vegetable-chow-mei-fun/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * About
  * Newsletter
  * Breakfast
  * Mains
  * Desserts
  * Contact

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

×

Home » Mains & Entrees

# Singapore Vegetable Chow Mei Fun

Published: Nov 12, 2021 · Modified: Nov 12, 2021 by Meesha · This post may
contain affiliate links

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

This Singapore vegetable chow mei fun features bouncy noodles and crunchy
veggies cooked in a rich savory sauce! A hearty, filling and flavorsome meal
that your whole family will love. Ready in 20 minutes and only calls for
simple everyday ingredients.

Here is another one of my childhood favorite dish! This Singapore chow mei fun
is a really popular breakfast dish here in Malaysia, and you can find it
anywhere, from hawkers selling them on the streets, to buffet in five star
hotels.

Jump to:

  * 💚Why you will love this recipe 
  * 🤔What is chow mei fun 
  * 🍜How to cook rice vermicelli 
  * 🧅What you will need 
  * 📃Notes/substitutions 
  * 🔪How to make 
  * ✔Helpful tips 
  * ✨Variations/add-ins 
  * ❔Commonly asked questions 
  * 🍽More vegan noodle dishes 
  * 📖 Recipe

## 💚Why you will love this recipe

  * **A quick 20 minutes one pan meal** \- Making this Singapore chow mei fun especially great for busy weeknights! Super easy to throw together, ready in no time yet is incredibly delicious and filling at the same time. 
  * **Healthy and packed with veggies** \- This dish is only made with wholesome plant ingredients, and is packed with nutrient and fiber-rich vegetables. 
  * **Customizable and versatile** \- You can have it for breakfast, lunch or dinner, as a main or side dish. Plus, this dish is easily customizable too, and you can swap noodles and vegetables used with whatever you have on hand. 
  * **Packs and transports well** \- This vegetables chow mei fun can be eaten hot or at room temperature, and can be taken on-the-go with you to school or work. 

## 🤔What is chow mei fun

Chow mei fun, also sometimes known as Singapore noodles, usually consist of
super thin rice vermicelli, vegetables and protein of some sort (shrimp,
chicken, pork etc.) stir fried in a rich and flavorful sauce. Eggs might also
be added into the dish itself, or as a topping.

As mentioned above, this noodle dish is a really popular street food in
Malaysia and Singapore, and is usually eaten for breakfast. However, you can
also find it in the menus of high-end restaurants and fancy hotels.

To make this vegan, animal protein and eggs are omitted. We will be also using
vegan oyster sauce instead of the regular ones.

## 🍜How to cook rice vermicelli

There are 3 main methods you can prepare rice vermicelli, which is by boiling
it in hot water, and soaking it in either warm or hot water. Keep in mind that
cooking or soaking time might vary from brand to brand, so it is best to cook
according to the instructions on the package.

  * **Boiling** \- Bring a pot of water to boil, then place in rice vermicelli. Cook for 1-2 minutes, stirring frequently. 
  * **Soaking in hot water** \- My preferred way to prepare it. Pour over sufficient amount of hot water over noodles. Noodles should be fully submerge in water. Soak for 2-5 minutes, or until al dente. 
  * **Soaking in warm water** \- Soak noodles in warm water for 20-30 minutes, until noodles have softened. 

**As we will be adding noodles back to the pan, it is recommended to slightly
undercook noodles to avoid them from sticking together or turning into mush.**
They should be chewy and springy, but not fully cooked!

## 🧅What you will need

### For stir-fry sauce

## 📃Notes/substitutions

  * **Curry powder** \- I recommend going for yellow curry powder or Indian curry powder to give Singapore chow mei fun its distinctive yellow hue. 
  * **Oyster sauce** \- Use vegetarians ones to keep this dish vegan. If you do not have it on hand, feel free to use more soy sauce in place. 
    * I am using Lee Kum Kee ones. _Although it is labelled as '' stir-fry sauce'', it is essentially vegetarian oyster sauce, and contains mushroom extracts._
    * Feel free to substitute it with more soy sauce, but you might need less of it. 
  * **Gluten-free** \- Make sure to use gluten-free soy sauce and oyster sauce. 
  * **Oil-free** \- Use ¼ cup of water or broth to saute instead of oil, and omit sesame oil in sauce. 

## 🔪How to make

Start by preparing your rice noodles according to package instructions. I
usually soak mine in hot water for 2-3 minutes. Drain and rinse with cold
water, then set aside for later use.

While noodles are cooking, make stir-fry sauce by combining everything needed.

Heat up a tablespoon or so of neutral oil in a cast iron skillet or non-stick
wok. Once pan is heated, add in onion and saute for 2-3 minutes until
translucent. Next, add in garlic and saute for another minute.

Add in red pepper and cabbage into the pan. Cook for 4-5 minutes, stirring
frequently, until veggies have softened slightly.

Add in bean sprout, cooked rice noodles, curry powder and stir-fry sauce next
and toss to combine. You might have to add in a few tablespoons of broth if
noodles is too dry for your liking.

Once everything is well incorporated, remove pan from heat. It is ready to be
served!

## ✔Helpful tips

  * **Remember to slightly undercook rice vermicelli.** This help prevents it from clumping together during stir-frying. 
  * **Rinse noodles under cold water immediately after it is done cooking/soaking**. Doing this halts noodles from further cooking. 
  * **Use a large enough pan or wok** to ensure that ingredients are evenly cooked, and to also prevent them from leaping out and causing a mess. 
  * **Prep ingredients ahead and keep them near you during cooking.** Stir-frying is a fairly quick process, and requires constant stirring. 
  * If your curry powder is dark brown or brown in color, you can add in a pinch of turmeric to intensify the yellow color of noodles. 

## ✨Variations/add-ins

This vegetable chow mei fun is an incredibly versatile recipe, so feel free to
customize it to your own liking! Below are some ideas if you are looking to
switch things up:

**Noodles** \- Although traditional ones uses thin sticks of rice vermicelli,
you can use other sizes of rice noodles too! You could also use brown rice
vermicelli to bump up the fiber content.

**Veggies** \- Feel free to swap out the veggies called for in this recipe for
whatever you have on hand. Carrots, bell peppers of any sorts, broccoli or
Chinese vegetables like bok choy and choy sum are some vegetables that works
well in this dish.

**Protein** \- To make this recipe more filling and hearty, add in a source of
plant protein like smoked tofu, five spiced tofu, baked tempeh, or slices of
seitan chicken. If you are not vegan, simply add-in whatever animal protein
you fancy!

**Toppings** \- For extra texture and flavor, top your vegan Singapore noodles
with some chopped green onion, chopped peanuts, or some tofu scramble.

## ❔Commonly asked questions

**Is Singapore noodles vegan?**

Traditional Singapore noodles are not vegan as animal proteins like eggs,
shrimp and chicken slices are added. Oyster sauce, which contains oyster
extracts, is also used to make the stir-fry sauce.  
  
However, this version of Singapore noodles is vegan, as no animal products are
added, and vegetarian oyster sauce is used in place of regular ones.

**What makes Singapore noodles yellow?**

Yellow curry powder or Indian curry powder are what gives Singapore noodles
its yellowish color. If using brown-looking curry powder, you can add in a
pinch of turmeric powder for color.

**Is rice vermicelli noodles gluten-free?**

As the name suggested, rice vermicelli is usually made from only rice flour
and water, hence making it naturally free from gluten.

**How long does it last in the fridge and can it be frozen?**

Vegetable chow mei fun can be refrigerated in a sealed container for 3-4 days.
I do not recommend freezing it as rice vermicelli is versatile and will
disintegrate upon freezing and thawing.  
  
You can either reheat noodles on stove for a couple of minutes, or in the
microwave for 30-60 seconds. You might have to add in a splash of water or
broth if mixture appears to be dry.

## 🍽More vegan noodle dishes

  * Stir-fry Rice Vermicelli Noodles ( Fried Bee Hoon )

  * Vegan Teriyaki Soba Noodles Stir-fry

  * Flavorful Korean Gochujang Noodles

  * Dry Wonton Noodles/Wantan Mee (Vegan)

If you did make this recipe, do leave a rating and comment down below, we love
hearing from you! Subscribe to My Plantiful Cooking to get new recipes
delivered straight to your inbox! Follow us on Instagram, Facebook and
Pinterest to get the latest updates. 😉

## 📖 Recipe

## Singapore Vegetable Chow Mei Fun

Meesha

This Singapore vegetable chow mei fun features bouncy noodles and crunchy
veggies cooked in a rich savory sauce! A hearty, filling and flavorsome meal
that your whole family will love. Ready in 20 minutes and only calls for
simple everyday ingredients.

5 from 3 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 5 mins

Cook Time 15 mins

Total Time 20 mins

Course Main Course, Side Dish

Cuisine Chinese

Servings 2 servings

Calories 243 kcal

### Ingredients



US CustomaryMetric



1x2x3x

#### For the noodles

  * ▢ 3 oz rice vermicelli 
  * ▢ ½ medium yellow onion  sliced 
  * ▢ 3 cloves  garlic  minced 
  * ▢ 2 cup shredded cabbage 
  * ▢ 1 medium red bell pepper  julienned 
  * ▢ 1 cup bean sprout 
  * ▢ 2 teaspoons Indian curry powder 

#### For stir-fry sauce

  * ▢ 1 tablespoon soy sauce  or tamari (use gluten-free if needed) 
  * ▢ ½ tablespoon shaoxing wine  (Chinese cooking wine) 
  * ▢ ½ tablespoon vegetarian oyster sauce * (use gluten-free if needed) 
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon sesame oil 

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Instructions



  * Start by preparing your rice noodles according to package instructions. I usually soak mine in hot water for 2-3 minutes. 

3 oz rice vermicelli

  * Drain and rinse noodles with cold water, then set aside for later use.

  * While noodles are cooking, make stir-fry sauce by combining everything needed.

1 tablespoon soy sauce, ½ tablespoon shaoxing wine, ½ tablespoon vegetarian
oyster sauce *, ½ teaspoon sesame oil

  * Heat up a tablespoon or so of neutral oil in a cast iron skillet or non-stick wok. Once pan is heated, add in onion and saute for 2-3 minutes until translucent. Next, add in garlic and saute for another minute.

½ medium yellow onion, 3 cloves garlic

  * Add in red pepper and cabbage into the pan. Cook for 4-5 minutes, stirring frequently, until veggies have softened slightly.

1 medium red bell pepper, 2 cup shredded cabbage

  * Add in bean sprout, cooked rice noodles, curry powder and stir-fry sauce next and toss to combine. You might have to add in a few tablespoons of broth if noodles is too dry for your liking.

1 cup bean sprout, 2 teaspoons Indian curry powder

  * Once everything is well incorporated, remove pan from heat. Give it a taste and add more soy sauce, if needed. 

### Notes

 ***Oyster sauce** \- Use vegetarians ones to keep this dish vegan. If you do
not have it on hand, feel free to use more soy sauce in place.

  *     * I am using Lee Kum Kee ones. _Although it is labelled as '' stir-fry sauce'', it is essentially vegetarian oyster sauce, and contains mushroom extracts._
    * Feel free to substitute it with more soy sauce, but you might need less of it.

**Oil-free** \- Use ¼ cup of water or broth to saute instead of oil.

**Helpful tips**

  * **Remember to slightly undercook rice vermicelli.** This help prevents it from clumping together during stir-frying.
  * **Use a large enough pan or wok** to ensure that ingredients are evenly cooked, and to also prevent them from leaping out and causing a mess.
  * **Prep ingredients ahead and keep them near you during cooking.** Stir-frying is a fairly quick process, and requires constant stirring.
  * If your curry powder is dark brown or brown in color, you can add in a pinch of turmeric to intensify the yellow color of your chow mei fun.

**Storing leftovers** -Leftovers can be refrigerated in a sealed container for
3-4 days. I do not recommend freezing it as rice vermicelli is versatile and
will disintegrate upon freezing and thawing.

You can either reheat noodles on stove for a couple of minutes, or in the
microwave for 30-60 seconds. You might have to add in a splash of water or
broth if mixture appears to be dry.

### Nutrition

Calories: 243kcalCarbohydrates: 51gProtein: 6gFat: 2gSaturated Fat:
1gPolyunsaturated Fat: 1gMonounsaturated Fat: 1gSodium: 600mgPotassium:
413mgFiber: 5gSugar: 8gVitamin A: 1943IUVitamin C: 112mgCalcium: 63mgIron: 2mg

Nutrition info calculated is just a rough estimate and is provided as a
courtesy. Bear in mind that value will vary based on variables like specific
brand or type of product used. To obtain the most accurate representation, it
is highly recommended that you calculate it on your own with the actual amount
and type of ingredient used.

Did you make this recipe ?Tag @myplantifulcooking on Instagram !

## More Mains & Entrees

  * Flavorful Seitan Vegan Chorizo Sausages

  * Flavorsome Soya Chunks Dry Masala

  * Japanese Cabbage and Wakame Miso Soup

  * Vegan Yakisoba with Tofu (Gluten-free)

## Reader Interactions

### Join the discussion ! Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without
commenting.

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

Hi, I am Meesha, the human behind My Plantiful Cooking! Expect to find plant-
powered recipes that are easy to make and wholesome without compromising on
taste.

More about me →

## 🌞Fresh Summer Recipes

  * Cold Japanese Tofu Salad

  * Chipotle Fresh Tomato Salsa ( copycat )

  * Japanese Chuka Wakame Seaweed Salad

  * Vegan Vegetable Thai Fried Rice

  * Vegetable Vegan Kimbap (Gimbap)

  * Singapore Vegetable Chow Mei Fun

### 💚Reader's favourite

  * Healthy PB2 Peanut Butter Powder Cookies

  * Crispy Oven Roasted Lentils

  * Banana Steel Cut Oats Breakfast Cookies

  * Eggless Banana Oat Mug Cake

  * Vegan Baked Oats for One (TikTok inspired)

  * Chinese Napa Cabbage Soup

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * Privacy Policy
  * Accessibility Policy

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates

### Contact

  * Contact

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2022 **My Plantiful Cooking**

