https://www.linsfood.com/singapore-noodles-mei-fun-takeout-recipe/#h-the-recipe


﻿ Skip to content

  * Collections Menu Toggle
    * Eggless Recipes
    * Kashmiri Cuisine
    * Persian Recipes
    * Risotto Recipes
    * Tagine Recipes
    * The Chilli Pepper Page
    * Margaritas
  * World Cuisines
  * Online Classes

Search for: _ _

  * Home
  * Recipes Menu Toggle
    * Seasonal Recipes Menu Toggle
      * Summer Recipes
      * Autumn (Fall) Recipes
      * Winter Recipes
      * Spring Recipes
    * Canapès and Starters
    * Salads
    * Alcohol Free Drinks
    * Drinks
    * Desserts
    * Cakes
    * Curries
    * Healthy Recipes
    * Salads
    * Vegetarian
    * Vegan
  * Festive Menu Toggle
    * Eid Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Diwali Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes
    * Chinese New Year Recipes
    * Valentine’s Day Recipes
    * Nowruz Recipes
    * Ramadan Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
  * Edible Garden
  * Ingredients
  * Media
  * About

  * Home
  * Recipes Menu Toggle
    * Seasonal Recipes Menu Toggle
      * Summer Recipes
      * Autumn (Fall) Recipes
      * Winter Recipes
      * Spring Recipes
    * Canapès and Starters
    * Salads
    * Alcohol Free Drinks
    * Drinks
    * Desserts
    * Cakes
    * Curries
    * Healthy Recipes
    * Salads
    * Vegetarian
    * Vegan
  * Festive Menu Toggle
    * Eid Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Diwali Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes
    * Chinese New Year Recipes
    * Valentine’s Day Recipes
    * Nowruz Recipes
    * Ramadan Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
  * Edible Garden
  * Ingredients
  * Media
  * About

Main Menu

Search for: _ _

  * Home
  * Recipes Menu Toggle
    * Seasonal Recipes Menu Toggle
      * Summer Recipes
      * Autumn (Fall) Recipes
      * Winter Recipes
      * Spring Recipes
    * Canapès and Starters
    * Salads
    * Alcohol Free Drinks
    * Drinks
    * Desserts
    * Cakes
    * Curries
    * Healthy Recipes
    * Salads
    * Vegetarian
    * Vegan
  * Festive Menu Toggle
    * Eid Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Diwali Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes
    * Chinese New Year Recipes
    * Valentine’s Day Recipes
    * Nowruz Recipes
    * Ramadan Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
  * Edible Garden
  * Ingredients
  * Media
  * About

  * Collections Menu Toggle
    * Eggless Recipes
    * Kashmiri Cuisine
    * Persian Recipes
    * Risotto Recipes
    * Tagine Recipes
    * The Chilli Pepper Page
    * Margaritas
  * World Cuisines
  * Online Classes

Search for: _ _

  * Home
  * Recipes Menu Toggle
    * Seasonal Recipes Menu Toggle
      * Summer Recipes
      * Autumn (Fall) Recipes
      * Winter Recipes
      * Spring Recipes
    * Canapès and Starters
    * Salads
    * Alcohol Free Drinks
    * Drinks
    * Desserts
    * Cakes
    * Curries
    * Healthy Recipes
    * Salads
    * Vegetarian
    * Vegan
  * Festive Menu Toggle
    * Eid Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Diwali Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes
    * Chinese New Year Recipes
    * Valentine’s Day Recipes
    * Nowruz Recipes
    * Ramadan Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
  * Edible Garden
  * Ingredients
  * Media
  * About

  * Home
  * Recipes Menu Toggle
    * Seasonal Recipes Menu Toggle
      * Summer Recipes
      * Autumn (Fall) Recipes
      * Winter Recipes
      * Spring Recipes
    * Canapès and Starters
    * Salads
    * Alcohol Free Drinks
    * Drinks
    * Desserts
    * Cakes
    * Curries
    * Healthy Recipes
    * Salads
    * Vegetarian
    * Vegan
  * Festive Menu Toggle
    * Eid Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Diwali Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes
    * Chinese New Year Recipes
    * Valentine’s Day Recipes
    * Nowruz Recipes
    * Ramadan Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
  * Edible Garden
  * Ingredients
  * Media
  * About

Main Menu

Search for: _ _

  * Home
  * Recipes Menu Toggle
    * Seasonal Recipes Menu Toggle
      * Summer Recipes
      * Autumn (Fall) Recipes
      * Winter Recipes
      * Spring Recipes
    * Canapès and Starters
    * Salads
    * Alcohol Free Drinks
    * Drinks
    * Desserts
    * Cakes
    * Curries
    * Healthy Recipes
    * Salads
    * Vegetarian
    * Vegan
  * Festive Menu Toggle
    * Eid Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Diwali Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes
    * Chinese New Year Recipes
    * Valentine’s Day Recipes
    * Nowruz Recipes
    * Ramadan Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
  * Edible Garden
  * Ingredients
  * Media
  * About

# Singapore Noodles (Singapore Mei Fun) a Popular Takeout Recipe

06/02/2018 30/01/2022 /  39 Comments

Homemade Singapore Noodles or Singapore Mei Fun recipe. A quick dish of stir
fried rice vermicelli noodles with a distinctive curry flavour, made in just
20 minutes!

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

Singapore Noodles

Singapore Noodles is a super quick dish of stirfried rice vermicelli noodles
with vegetables and some sort of protein. BUT the defining character of the
Singapore Noodles is the addition of curry powder, which is the prevalent
flavour of this takeout dish.

Estimated reading time: 9 minutes

## Table of contents

  * What’s in a Name?
  * Origin of Singapore Noodles
  * The Recipe
  * Cooking Singapore Noodles at Home
    * Rice Noodles or Rice Vermicelli
  * How to Prepare Dried Rice Noodles (Vermicelli)
    * Singapore Noodles “Sauce”
    * Curry Powder for Singapore Noodles
    * Shaoxing Rice Wine
    * Soy Sauces
    * The Protein (Meat) in our Singapore Noodles
    * High Heat or Medium High Heat for Frying Noodles?
  * Vegetarian Singapore Noodles
  * Final word on cooking Singapore Mei Fun
  * More Chinese Recipes on LinsFood
    * Images by LinsFoodies

## What’s in a Name?

Singapore Noodles or Mei Fun – the very name is just plain wrong. Speaking
strictly as a born and bred Singaporean! There is no such thing as Singapore
Noodles in Singapore! We have way too many noodles for there to be just one,
no matter how immortalised it is in the world of Chinese takeouts!

The first time I came across Singapore Noodles was within my first month in
the UK. Shock, horror. _Almost_ as bad as when I saw a knocking shop called
Singapore Massage! _Almost._

> Definitely a WTH moment! For want of a less rude acronym!

Take a look at the gallery below, showcasing just some of the much loved
noodles you’ll find in Singapore (and some in Malaysia) and you’ll see what I
mean. No curry flavoured, stirfried rice vermicelli to be had anywhere!

Singapore Mee Siam Kuah Bak Chor Mee Mee Goreng Mamak (Indian Fied Noodles
from Singapore and Malaysia) Char Kway Teow Laksa, Noodles in Coconut Gravy
Singapore Beef and Seafood Hor Fun

## Origin of Singapore Noodles

So if Singapore Noodles didn’t originate in Singapore, where in the world did
the dish come from? Apparently, it is a Cantonese creation, very popular in
Cantonese restaurants and stalls in Hong Kong. But why the curry powder, when
it’s not really an ingredient associated with Chinese cooking? Your guess is
as good as mine.

Perhaps the enterprising cook who created Singapore Mei Fun had visited
Singapore and tried our Malay or Indian or Nyonya food. Or he popped over to
Burma, or maybe even India! Whatever the origin, suffice it to say, it is a
hugely popular stir fried noodle dish in the UK, the US, Canada and Australia.

## The Recipe

As with any noodle dish, the “filling”, that is the vegetables and protein, is
really a matter of taste. The “standard” vegetables in a takeaway Singapore
Noodles recipe tend to be:

  * red capsicum (bell pepper)
  * beansprouts (here in the UK)
  * carrots
  * Chinese cabbage
  * mushrooms (sometimes)

And the protein can be one of or a combination of the following:

  * prawns (shrimps)
  * chicken
  * pork (roasted or otherwise)
  * all of the above, then it’s called “The Special” here in the UK

For Vegetarian Singapore Noodles, just leave out the meat and substitute with
tofu or more vegetables.

Any filling you like will work

## Cooking Singapore Noodles at Home

Once you get the ingredients ready, this is a very, very quick dish to cook.
The rice noodles only want 2-3 minutes of cooking on high heat. Any longer,
and they’ll be stodgy, no longer that springy, almost al dente feel to them.
And you don’t want stodgy.

**So, how do we cook the perfect Singapore Noodles?** Let’s take a look at
some of the ingredients:

### Rice Noodles or Rice Vermicelli

The fact that we are using rice noodles, makes this the perfect “free from”
recipe. Use a wheat free soy sauce and oyster sauce, and you’ve got yourself a
gluten free noodle dish.

If you are lucky enough to have access to fresh rice vermicelli or bee hoon,
or mee hoon or mei fun, get those and just proceed with the actual cooking.

If not, dried vermicelli is the noodles we use. All you need to do, is soak
the noodles in hot water. Not cold, not room temperature, and most certainly,
not boiling water. Let me explain why.

## How to Prepare Dried Rice Noodles (Vermicelli)

  * **Soaking your dried noodles** in cold water results in noodles that will still be hard and brittle after cooking. Same goes with lukewarm water.
  * **Noodles soaked in boiling water** are actually do-able, but the problem with using boiling water, is that even an extra minute can kill those noodles and make them all gooey and lumpy upon cooking. Even 5 minutes is too long, in my opinion.
  * **So the best option?** Boil the kettle. Leave it to settle for 5 minutes, then pour over your noodles, totally covering them. Soak for 5-10 minutes, then rinse with cold water to stop them from softening further. **Why 5-10 minutes?** Because you may have left that hot water longer than you think! Test the noodles after 5, if they are pliable but still not soft all the way, they are done. If they are not pliable, give them 2 more minutes. Erring on the side of caution is better than mushy noodles. So if you are not sure, stop and rinse them. **Just remember, the hotter the water, the less time the noodles need to be soaked.**

### Singapore Noodles “Sauce”

When I fry noodles, like Chow Mein and Pad Thai, I like to mix all the sauces
and seasonings into a bowl, so that when I am flash cooking the noodles, it’s
just a case of dumping 1 ingredient, instead of half a dozen. And that’s what
we have here: the soy sauce, oyster sauce, etc, all get placed in one bowl,
ready to be used.

### Curry Powder for Singapore Noodles

Chinese curry powders tend to be a mixture of madras curry mix, along with
other ingredients like flour, sugar, garlic, ginger, and oftentimes, msg. So
it doesn’t have the full curry aroma that you would have with a “proper”
Indian or Malay curry powder.

So go get yourself a packet of Chinese or even Japanese curry powder, if you
like, or just use a regular mild Madras or any generic curry powder. You could
increase the sugar in our sauce to 1 tsp, to make the noodles a touch sweeter,
if you fancy, making them more like takeaway Singapore noodles. If you want
sweet noodles!

### Shaoxing Rice Wine

This is from the region of Shaoxing and made with fermented rice, and is a
light brown to dark brown colour. You can use any rice wine (not vinegar) as
substitute, or, failing that, dry sherry is a perfect substitute.

**If you don’t do alcohol, just substitute any cooking wine with a tiny amount
of vinegar. So in this recipe, 1/2 tsp clear vinegar will be perfect.**

### Soy Sauces

We use 2 different types of soy sauces here: light and dark. Click here to
read about the different types of soy sauces. You should be able to get both
fairly easily these days. Here in the UK, they are found everywhere.

### The Protein (Meat) in our Singapore Noodles

I’m using a small portion of prawns (shrimps) here. You could double the
amount of prawns, if you like, or use chicken or pork. Whatever meat you use,
wants to be cut up small and be quick cooking. You could also use cooked
chicken or meat, like leftover roast chicken or roast pork (char siu).

But not cooked prawns. Never cook with previously cooked prawns, as so much of
the flavour would already be lost from the initial cooking. As far as I’m
concerned, that rule holds for most seafoods.

### High Heat or Medium High Heat for Frying Noodles?

Ideally, it should be high heat. However, in my experience, it’s not something
many people can carry off, stir frying on very high heat at home is a bit of a
skill and requires focus.

No distractions from kids or getting another forgotten ingredient. So I have
long gone for medium-high, as a compromise, in my classes and even when I cook
them, _as I have 4 homeschooling kids._

## Vegetarian Singapore Noodles

This is super, super easy, as with any noodle dish. Just leave out the
meat/seafood and replace with more vegetables or tofu. I would definitely
suggest tofu, if you are a tofu fan. Other vegetables you can add to make our
mei fun vegetarian would be:

  * sugar snap peas
  * mangetouts
  * green beans
  * bamboo shoots
  * more mushrooms

## Final word on cooking Singapore Mei Fun

You need to have everything at hand, because the actual cooking is done in the
blink of an eye, and the noodles do not want over cooking.

## More Chinese Recipes on LinsFood

General Tso’s Chicken Homemade Sweet and Sour Chicken Mapo Tofu

### Images by LinsFoodies

Rick

If you like the recipe, don’t forget to leave me a comment and that all
important, 5-star rating! _Thank you!_  
  
And if you make the recipe, share it on any platform and tag me @azlinbloor,
and hashtag it #linsfood  
  
Lin xx

## Singapore Noodles (Singapore Mei Fun) a Popular Takeout Recipe

Homemade Singapore Noodles or Singapore Mei Fun recipe. A quick dish of stir
fried rice vermicelli noodles with a distinctive curry flavour, made in just
20 minutes!

4.87 from 51 votes

Print Pin Add to Collection Go to Collections

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Chinese

Keyword: chinese, easy recipes, noodles

Prep Time: 15 minutes

Cook Time: 5 minutes

Total Time: 20 minutes

Servings: 6 (4-6)

Calories: 362kcal

Author: Azlin Bloor

Cost: £1.50 ($2) per head

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 400 g (14 oz) dried rice vermicelli
  * ▢ 2 cloves garlic
  * ▢ 4 spring onions (scallions)
  * ▢ 200 g (7 oz) raw prawns (shrimps)
  * ▢ 1 tsp vegetable oil
  * ▢ 2 tsp sesame oil PLUS a little more to drizzle
  * ▢ 2 Tbsp mild curry powder
  * ▢ 3 large eggs lightly beaten

#### Vegetables

  * ▢ 1 small carrot
  * ▢ 1 red capsicum (bell pepper)
  * ▢ 2 handfuls Chinese cabbage or any white cabbage
  * ▢ 6 shiitake mushrooms
  * ▢ 1 handful spinach

#### Sauce

  * ▢ 1 Tbsp light soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 tsp dark soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 Tbsp oyster sauce leave out for vegetarian
  * ▢ 1 Tbsp Shaoxing rice wine or any rice wine or dry sherry OR ½ tsp clear vinegar for non alcoholic substitution
  * ▢ ½ tsp white sugar
  * ▢ ½ tsp salt

### Instructions

  * Soak the noodles in hot water for 5-10 minutes, as discussed above. At the end of that time, drain, rinse in cold, tap water, drain and set aside. If you like, snip the noodles to manageable lengths for eating. I don’t, as it’s bad luck!

  * Chop up the garlic finely and the spring onions into 5cm (2″) lengths.

  * Grate the carrot, julienne the bell pepper and slice thinly the cabbage and shiitake.

  * Mix all the sauce ingredients into a small bowl and set aside.

  * Heat the vegetable oil in your wok on medium-high heat and pour in the eggs. Leave to set for 15 seconds, then lightly scramble for about 5-10 seconds, leaving the scrambled eggs still very soft and a little runny. Tip onto a plate and set aside until needed.

  * Clean the wok and heat the 2 tsp pf the sesame oil on medium-high heat and fry the prawns for 20 seconds.

  * Add the garlic and spring onions and fry for 10 seconds, then add the rest of the vegetables. Cook all this for 30 seconds, stirring on the medium-high heat continuously.

  * Add the sauce, stir and cook for 20 seconds. Tip in the eggs in.

  * Add the noodles, sprinkle the curry powder all over and stir thoroughly, mixing everything up, coating the noodles and scraping the bottom of the wok. Don’t cook for more than 2 minutes. The noodles ought to be done in 1 minute.

  * Turn the heat off, drizzle a little sesame oil all over and serve up.

### Nutrition

Calories: 362kcal | Carbohydrates: 60.5g | Protein: 15.8g | Fat: 5.7g |
Cholesterol: 146.7mg | Sodium: 718.6mg | Fiber: 3.9g | Sugar: 2.7g | Vitamin
A: 195.2IU | Vitamin C: 34.7mg

Did you make this recipe?Mention @azlinbloor and tag #linsfood!

Made it? Upload your photosMention @azlinbloor and tag #linsfood!

Post navigation

← Previous Post

Next Post →

###  39 thoughts on “Singapore Noodles (Singapore Mei Fun) a Popular Takeout
Recipe”

  1. **Mirabeau**

13/05/2022 at 3:01 pm

Azlin, thanks for sharing!

Reply

    1. **Azlin Bloor**

15/05/2022 at 11:44 am

My pleasure.

Reply

  2. **Tome Trajkovski**

31/07/2020 at 1:08 am

  
Hi again Azlin.

Wanted to let you know that after reading about 6-7 different recipes for this
dish, I used yours as the basis for making my first attempt at this dish. For
my taste I find I like a bit more curry powder, and I like this dish on the
hot pepper side. That’s the beauty of learning to cook, we can adjust things
to our preference.  
I also added quite a bit more heat using both hot crushed pepper and Chile de
arbol powder.  
Your recipe is excellent. My first attempt went quite well. I LOVED it. Thanks
again. Anyone else looking for a great Signapore Chow Mei Fun, Hot type for
me, go with Azlin’s.

Tome T.

Reply

    1. **Azlin Bloor**

31/07/2020 at 9:43 am

Thanks Tome, it’s all an adventure, isn’t it? The journey is half the fun.
Stay in touch.

Reply

  3. **Tome Trajkovski**

27/07/2020 at 12:27 am

  
Thank you for you take on this dish. As you likely know, there are a good
number of online recipes for Hot Singapore Chow Mei Fun. Over the past 5 years
I have tried, tried, to make Chinese-American dishes at home. I am great at
Italian, East European/Balkan, some French, and American dishes.

I just wanted to comment on the Shaoxing wine. I have tried a couple of highly
recommended varieties from China. They were very good. However, not having a
readily available Asian grocery near me, I have an excellent replacement that
is much more readily available. You can replace Shaoxing with Marsala wine.
Yes, Marsala wine.

Marsala wine is a fortified wine made from grapes. It originates in Sicily.
There are two types of Marsala, sweet and dry. Which you prefer for certain
recipes is up to you. If you get both types, try them out and note the
differences in sweet and dry. I’ve tried both types. I prefer the sweet type
when making dishes that may call for a bit of sugar, such as a good number of
Asian dishes. The dry variety is also very good and I tend to use that type
for dishes such as “Marsala Chicken”.

Marsala has a very similar flavor profile to Shaoxing even though Marsala is
made from grapes and Shaoxing from rice. Many chefs will suggest Sherry as a
substitute for Shaoxing. That is why Marsala is also a great substitute as
Sherry and Marsala can substitute for each other. If Sherry is similar to
Shaoxing, and Marsala is similar to Sherry, then that is why Marsala is a good
substitute for Shaoxing.

I hope someone finds this info useful. BTW, I’m making Hot Signapore Chow Mei
Fun tonight. I am using Marsala to marinate the chicken strip, and in the
sauce. I found a different curry that has a nice darker gold color, and the
scent is wonderful. I hope it works.

Take care, and eat well. 🙂

Tome T.

Reply

    1. **Azlin Bloor**

27/07/2020 at 9:37 am

Thank you Tome, I appreciate the time you took to write this. Marsala and
other dry fortified wines are a very well known substitute for Chinese wine in
many parts of the world. I mention dry sherry in the post and recipe.

Reply

  4. **Nataly**

03/04/2019 at 7:40 pm

Azlin, thanks for sharing! Saved my butt on a quick impulsive idea for a
dinner side!

Reply

    1. **Azlin Bloor**

06/04/2019 at 10:28 am

Haha, glad to be of service!

Reply

  5. **Alyssa**

11/03/2019 at 3:52 pm

Azlin, these recipes look great! It’s awesome to see so many delicious recipes
in one place.

Reply

    1. **Azlin Bloor**

06/04/2019 at 10:28 am

Thank you!

Reply

  6. **Anna**

09/03/2019 at 12:30 pm

Azlin, what a great idea! I love noodles. Your version really pleases me very
well, with ingredients that I often use in cooking too.

Reply

  7. **Olga**

06/03/2019 at 5:21 pm

It looks awesome! So much flavors packed on this recipe that makes this simply
irresistible, definitely having this on my table!

Reply

    1. **Azlin Bloor**

07/03/2019 at 9:36 am

Thank you, Olga! I love how easy it is!

Reply

  8. **Maria**

24/01/2019 at 3:11 pm

Very interesting read and enticing recipe, Lin. I love such quick dinner
ideas. A must try soon!

Reply

    1. **Azlin Bloor**

07/03/2019 at 9:32 am

Thank you!

Reply

  9. **meenakshi**

21/02/2018 at 12:23 pm

can i use Indian curry powder?

Reply

    1. **Azlin Bloor**

21/02/2018 at 3:15 pm

Yes, absolutely. That’s what I tend to use also.

Reply

  10. **ally**

16/02/2018 at 11:14 pm

This sounds (and looks) amazing, Lin! I did have a version of it when visiting
Singapore (the Hawker stalls!) and HK…simply divine. I sure hope I can
reproduce your recipe!! Happy Year of the Dog!! xo ~ally

Reply

  11. **Flavio**

13/02/2018 at 2:00 pm

Great recipe

Reply

    1. **Azlin Bloor**

14/02/2018 at 10:27 am

Thank you!

Reply

  12. **Vishal**

07/02/2018 at 6:33 pm

I love this recipe

Reply

    1. **Azlin Bloor**

08/02/2018 at 5:45 pm

Me too!

Reply

  13. **Catherine Brown**

07/02/2018 at 3:17 am

This dish looks mouthwatering! Really love noodles like this, and your
ingredient tips are quite helpful too!

Reply

  14. **Sonal**

06/02/2018 at 10:21 pm

As if you read my mind Azlin! I had eaten Vegetarian version of Singapore
Noodles sometime ago and had fallen in love with these. Had been meaning to
replicate the recipe since long. I am saving this recipe for reference and
link back notes when I put my recipe on. Loved yojrsetaiked recipe!!

Reply

    1. **Azlin Bloor**

08/02/2018 at 5:46 pm

Thank you, Sonal! I only eat them when we make them!

Reply

  15. **Tiffany Alexandria**

06/02/2018 at 9:19 pm

there are so much misinterpretation in languages… but the food is still super
tasty nontheless <3

Reply

    1. **Azlin Bloor**

08/02/2018 at 5:45 pm

Yes indeed!

Reply

  16. **Jen**

06/02/2018 at 9:11 pm

For some reasons noodles always seem to intimidate me haha, but thank you for
breaking it all down. Makes it very easy to follow.

Reply

    1. **Azlin Bloor**

06/02/2018 at 9:15 pm

Thank you, Jen!

Reply

  17. **Sara [Real Balanced]**

06/02/2018 at 8:45 pm

these look absolutely delicious!! Love the variety of flavors!

Reply

    1. **Azlin Bloor**

06/02/2018 at 9:14 pm

Thank you!

Reply

  18. **GiGi Eats**

06/02/2018 at 8:41 pm

THIS is so being made, but for me, with spaghetti squash or zucchini
noodles!!! It just sounds so dang flavorful!

Reply

    1. **Azlin Bloor**

06/02/2018 at 9:15 pm

That sounds like a great option!

Reply

  19. **Michelle**

06/02/2018 at 5:45 pm

I love this recipe and all your tips are so helpful! I’m so hungry now for
noodles. I’ve often been a bit intimidated by those rice vermicelli noodles. I
will be making this for dinner this week. Yum!

Reply

    1. **Azlin Bloor**

06/02/2018 at 9:14 pm

Thank you, Michelle!

Reply

  20. **Kevin D'Silva**

06/02/2018 at 5:06 pm

Lol, I hear you! I was just as puzzled when I first saw the name! Yours looks
really good, might whip it up for lunch on Sunday.

Reply

    1. **Azlin Bloor**

06/02/2018 at 9:14 pm

Awesome, let me know how it goes, Kevin!

Reply

  21. **Steven Cohen**

06/02/2018 at 3:24 pm

Great, my favourite noodles, I get them almost every weekend. I’m gong to try
this, Azlin, along with your sweet and sour chicken. Planning to do it this
Saturday, wish me luck!

Reply

    1. **Azlin Bloor**

06/02/2018 at 9:13 pm

Thank you, Steven, let me know how it goes.

Reply

### Leave a Comment Cancel Reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Type here..

Name*

E-mail*

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

Hey, I’m Azlin Bloor; born and bred Singaporean, adopted Brit, former chef and
culinary instructor.  
Click here to read more about me!

Fancy something different?  
Check out my other blog:  
Singaporean & Malaysian Recipes

  * About Me
  * Privacy Policy
  * Cookie Policy

Copyright © 2022 LinsFood | by Azlin Bloor

  *   *   *   * 

