https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/creamy-garlic-prawns/f42b44d5-8139-42f7-99ef-6f8aacd57347


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Creamy garlic prawns

  * _10m_ prep
  * _10m_ cook
  * _4_ servings 

123

  
  

Save Recipe

9,660 people saved this

792 people made this

This deliciously creamy prawn recipe from taste member, 'KRISSY86' is perfect
for a quick weeknight meal.

M

Member Recipe

345 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain gluten, wheat, mustard, sulphites and milk.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 11 Ingredients 
  * 3 Method Steps 

#### 11 Ingredients

  * 25g butter 

  * 1 tbsp olive oil 

  * 2 cloves garlic, crushed 

  * 1 tbsp plain flour 

  * 1 cup (250ml) Massel chicken style liquid stock 

  * 2 tbsp white wine 

  * 1/2 cup (125ml) cream 

  * 1-2 tsp Dijon mustard or dry mustard powder 

  * 750g peeled uncooked prawns

  * 1 tbsp coarsely chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley 

  * Salt, to season 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 3 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Heat butter  (25g butter), oil  (1 tbsp olive oil) and garlic  (2 cloves
garlic, crushed) in a medium frying pan over medium-high heat until butter has
melted. Add flour  (1 tbsp plain flour). Cook, stirring for 1 minute or until
mixture bubbles.

  * Step 2

Slowly add stock  (1 cup (250ml) Massel chicken style liquid stock), 1/4 cup
at a time, stirring constantly to prevent lumps forming. Add wine  (2 tbsp
white wine) and cream  (1/2 cup (125ml) cream). Cook, stirring for 3 minutes
or until sauce boils and thickens. Add mustard  (1-2 tsp Dijon mustard or dry
mustard powder), to taste. Season with salt  (Salt, to season) and pepper.

  * Step 3

Add prawns  (750g peeled uncooked prawns). Simmer, stirring for 3 minutes or
until prawns are cooked through. Stir in parsley  (1 tbsp coarsely chopped
fresh flat-leaf parsley). Serve creamy garlic prawns with steamed rice.

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

792 people made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

9,660 people saved this

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by Mark O'meara

##  Popular on Taste

  1. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

  2. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

  3. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

  4. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

  5. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  6. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

  7. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  8. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

