https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/60888/garlic-prawns/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Seafood
  4. Shellfish
  5. Shrimp
  6. Garlic Prawns

# Garlic Prawns

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.5

126 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 83 
  * 4 star values: 30 
  * 3 star values: 9 
  * 2 star values: 3 
  * 1 star values: 1 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 126 Ratings 
  * 87 Reviews 
  * 4 Photos 

This is a great easy prawn marinade, they are great on the BBQ, we put them
out as appetizers but they can also be a main course. I've also sauteed them
with the marinade and used the sauce with pasta or just lapped it up with
French bread! ENJOY.

Recipe by kathie

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Garlic Prawns

Add Photo

Garlic Prawns Jason Scherbel

Garlic Prawns LYNNINMA

Garlic Prawns Dixie'sMom

Garlic Prawns SunnyByrd

## Recipe Summary

prep:

15 mins

cook:

3 mins

additional:

1 hr

total:

1 hr 18 mins

Servings:

6

Yield:

30 prawns

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

6

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 6 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * ½ cup olive oil 
  * 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard 
  * 3 cloves garlic, minced 
  * 1 lemon, juiced 
  * 1 orange, juiced 
  * 1 teaspoon dried basil, or to taste 
  * 2 tablespoons white wine (Optional)
  * 30 tiger prawns, peeled and deveined 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

In a glass dish, mix together the olive oil, mustard, garlic, lemon juice,
orange juice, basil and white wine. Add the prawns, and stir to coat. Cover,
and let marinate for 1 hour.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Heat an outdoor grill to high heat.

  * Step 3

Thread prawns onto skewers. Grill for 3 to 5 minutes, turning once, until
pink.

  * Step 4

If desired, reserve marinade; transfer to a saucepan and bring to a boil.
Reduce heat and simmer for 5 minutes. Serve with prawns.

I Made It  Print

##  Editor's Note:

The nutrition data for this recipe includes information for the full amount of
the marinade ingredients. The actual amount of the marinade consumed will
vary.

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

231 calories; protein 10.2g; carbohydrates 6.4g; fat 18.6g; cholesterol
89.1mg; sodium 166.3mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (87)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

MMCELLIG

Rating: 5 stars

07/24/2004

I actually marinated the prawns, then sauteed them in butter and garlic.
Afterwards, I reduced the marinade and put on angel hair pasta. It was
excellent.

Read More

Helpful (191)

### Most helpful critical review

Dijana

Rating: 1 stars

02/20/2011

No salt in receipe? The taste was less than average.

Read More

Helpful (4)

126 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 83 
  * 4 star values: 30 
  * 3 star values: 9 
  * 2 star values: 3 
  * 1 star values: 1 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

MMCELLIG

Rating: 5 stars

07/24/2004

I actually marinated the prawns, then sauteed them in butter and garlic.
Afterwards, I reduced the marinade and put on angel hair pasta. It was
excellent.

JOSELYNE_TAN

Rating: 5 stars

03/25/2006

This was FANTASTIC! I tweeked it a little. I added three heaped tbsp of
dijonnaise mustard (DIJON/MAYONNAISSE), melted butter, and twice the amt of
garlic into the marinade. Marinated it for one hour. Instead of grilling them
i poured the marinade into a shallow pan, took the sauce up to the boil and
then stirred in the rest of the prawns until cooked! The sauce was great
served with freshly baked rolls.

Jayne Stanley Hurley

Rating: 4 stars

06/15/2003

I'm not sure why there aren't any other reviews for this recipe. It was very
good. Maybe some people are turned off by the term prawn. Anyway, it is a good
recipe that both my family and friends enjoyed on Father's Day. Thanks.

RACHEL1070

Rating: 4 stars

10/12/2006

Pretty good Marinade. I also have to remind myself not to marinate too long
because the shrimp turns out rubbery. I cooked this about 3 minutes a side and
still overcooked it.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

07/09/2004

This is wonderful!!! I have made something very similar to this many times for
parties, and people go crazy!!!! I also add a little melted butter (about 1 T)
to the marinade and leave them marinating overnight, I also add more garlic,
since my family loves lots of it!!!

KFLEWIS

Rating: 5 stars

08/30/2004

This recipe was wonderful. I did use lime juice instead of orange and everyone
loved it. Thanks for a great recipe that is really easy!

ANTONJH

Rating: 5 stars

05/06/2007

Have been using this recipe for the past 3 years....at Kansas City Chiefs
games.... One of the best tailgating recipes ever. Marinating overnite,
grilled the next morning...fantastic Always giving the recipe out to someone
every game. Arrowhead and the HOTCB fans thank you

Brooke D

Rating: 5 stars

09/04/2007

Great taste! I added a little more garlic too. I only had time to marinate for
about 20 minutes and they still had a great flavor.

cjenifer

Rating: 4 stars

07/09/2006

Only had time to marinate for 20 minutes but it was still flavorful. I didn't
have lemon or orange so I added 1 tablespoon each of lemon juice and Sunny-D
(all I had). It was still great!

CORITA

Rating: 4 stars

07/02/2004

These were very good. I did leave them in the marinade for 2 days, and they
were still yummy. I also used fresh basil, since I had some. Very good shrimp
on the barbie.

goddess63

Rating: 4 stars

08/15/2012

Not wanting to bother with the grill I decided instead to try this as a sauté
to serve with pasta. The only thing different I did was add a little salt and
pepper, red pepper flakes, a pinch of orange zest (I was juicing it
anyway...waste not want not!), and some fresh rosemary and basil to the mix as
written. Oh, and probably more wine than was called for. :) I then let the
shrimp marinade in it all for about 20 minutes before sautéing. I cooked the
marinade until it was nice and bubbly while the pasta was cooking, then added
the shrimp until they were done. I also cooked asparagus in the sauce for a
side. Initially I thought it would be too mustardy (not my favorite) but that
overpowering flavor seemed to cook out a little so it was fine. I think this
recipe as is makes a pretty good marinade, and not only for shrimp. Just a
note in general: When marinating something light like a fish filet or shrimp I
wouldn't marinade for longer than one hour tops as it tends to make the fish
or shrimp mealy. As for this recipe, when sautéing again, I'll do it like I
did this time, only cut back at least half the oil as I thought the sauce it
made was just too oily. Good as is for a marinade though. However that didn't
stop me and my husband from scarfing it all down! We'll diet when we're
dead....

Crafty-Cook

Rating: 5 stars

08/14/2012

No time to marinate? Mix the prawns into mixture then throw onto hot fry pan
untill pink , serve with couscous and french bread with all the sauce poured
over .

Fawn

Rating: 4 stars

03/12/2011

I followed another review and I heated up the marinade mixture and boiled it
up. I did add extra garlic in the marinade and used OJ because I didn't have
an orange. I then added the prawns. It was a great meal with roasted asparagus
and whole wheat couscous!

Kim Ngo

Rating: 4 stars

02/28/2009

Simple yet delicious! I marinated them for 9 hours and grilled them on my
health grill/sandwich press. Found there was little sauce but enough for our
liking. Maybe add more garlic as found the taste could be a bit more stronger.
I'd cook this again any day.

ALWAYS_TLC

Rating: 5 stars

11/14/2011

OMG! Better than you can get at any restaurant. My husband made these for
Father's Day and everyone went crazy. Fabulous!

winechef

Rating: 5 stars

12/24/2009

Very Good.Grilling over charcoal is best. I added Cayenne and Smoked Spanish
Paprika to the marinade.My family members liked it very much.

Darla Kuznia DeJong

Rating: 5 stars

11/14/2010

My family loved this recipe. I marinaded it all day and then pan cooked the
sauce and thickened it adding cornstarch/water. I heated the shrimp on the
stove. I served it with the sauce.

SLJ6

Rating: 5 stars

03/19/2011

So delicious ......used orange juice since I had no fresh orange. And also
added about 2tblspns of olive oil and some fresh cracked pepper and a pinch of
salt. Yummy marinade that I used on extra large shrimp instead of prawns. A
great grilled meatless Friday dinner. Thanks!

LYNNINMA

Rating: 5 stars

07/03/2012

Outstanding marinade. Used extra-large shrimp and marinated overnight. Grilled
over hot coals exactly 5 minutes. I will be making these again and again
during grilling season (and maybe after).

lisasamm

Rating: 4 stars

12/11/2010

The prawns were very good. I make them in a frying pan. I took other people's
advice and served it with the sauce over pasta and that was not very good. But
I would definitely make the marinade prawns again!

santacruzer

Rating: 5 stars

07/19/2011

We made these last night at a condo in North Lake Tahoe. We imrovised with
what we had: bottled orange juice instead of fresh; Safeway sweet & spicey
southwestern style nustard instead of dijon & we had no basil. They tasted
great! We reduced down the marinade to baste with before grilling allowing it
to stick on better since they cook so quickly. Will do again and again!
Sauteeing them with the sauce and putting over pasta sounds yummy too. I'll
have to give that a try next.

linedude

Rating: 4 stars

08/15/2012

You have to be careful not to marinate the prawns for no longer than an hour
or it will cook in the citrus juice and become ceviche.

Darla Kuznia DeJong

Rating: 5 stars

11/14/2010

My family loved this recipe. I marinaded it all day and then pan cooked the
sauce and thickened it adding cornstarch/water. I heated the shrimp on the
stove. I served it with the sauce.

Ostrander

Rating: 5 stars

05/31/2011

Easy enough to make when we go camping. This make this camping and at home,
can't go wrong with this one!

ron

Rating: 5 stars

10/21/2009

very good

Sue

Rating: 5 stars

08/16/2012

Super delicious marinade! You can simmer the leftover sauce on your stovetop
while the shrimp are cooking on the grill and have it to pour over angel hair
pasta, rice, etc. Just make sure to simmer it for several minutes to cook it
through. Also, if you are using wooden skewers, remember to soak them in water
before threading the shrimp onto them so they don't burn on the grill. I have
to agree with the the others who warn not to marinate these for too long.
Shrimp is delicate and you don't want a mealy texture. So don't marinate for
more than an hour - and it's not necessary to anyway. Shrimp, when fresh and
cooked properly, are always tender and they absorb flavors quickly. Enjoy!

CandiceSteele

Rating: 4 stars

04/21/2008

So very good! I marinated for about six hours instead of one and the flavor
was delicious. Don't forget to soak wood skewers in cold water first for an
hour or you'll have matchsticks on the grill.

mjhutch

Rating: 4 stars

07/23/2006

Good Flavor not overpowering. I expected more of a garlic flavor than it had.
I will add more garlic next time.

Ritz

Rating: 5 stars

10/25/2010

This is a favourite in my house now. Often my teenage daughter will make it
for dinner if just her and I are home (hubby and other daughter not huge fans
of seafood) and I will make a simple salad. ummmmmm

The Undomestic Teacher

Rating: 4 stars

09/04/2011

This was super good! Only thing I would change is the amount of lemon juice -
just a tad bit too much and not enough garlic.

RW

Rating: 5 stars

01/07/2007

I found this recipe to be absolutely delicious. I added a little more garlic
and it was perfect. This will be a keeper in our household.

stephoney

Rating: 5 stars

08/23/2009

OMG... these are out of this world!

jenduffy

Rating: 5 stars

03/19/2011

Very good recipe. I aaded some veggies and grilled. Yummy

SunnyByrd

Rating: 5 stars

07/09/2009

Excellent and garlicky - made as written with large shrimp. Thanks!

Ms. Chef Esh

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

11/01/2005

I made these this summer for a back yard BBQ, and used jumbo tiger
prawns...the marinade was out of this world. It did not over power the taste
of the delicious shrimp! The recipe goes perfectly with a light dry
Chardonnay!

Dijana

Rating: 1 stars

02/20/2011

No salt in receipe? The taste was less than average.

ccr4of5

Rating: 5 stars

05/17/2010

Tried this for our grad party and it was wonderful.

Rodeobug

Rating: 5 stars

11/14/2009

Wow. Loved these prawns. I, too, reduced the marinade and used it to dip
prawns in as we ate them.

Yooper

Rating: 5 stars

11/01/2008

This marinade was so easy and delicious. We had guests that need to restrict
their sodium intake, so this was the perfect marinade (167 mg Sodium). I used
fresh basil in place of dried and the prawns were wonderful. Everyone loved
them.

Coco

Rating: 3 stars

10/17/2011

mustardy

Kylie M

Rating: 5 stars

01/18/2007

Thankyou for a fantastic and easy marinade. All my family loved it - even got
the fussy 3 year old to eat prawns!! Have even marinaded the snapper and did
on the BBQ as well. Beautiful! Will cook in the pan with the marinade as you
suggested next time. Thanks again - this ones a keeper!

Heidi

Rating: 5 stars

08/18/2012

This was delicious! I used this marinade for chicken rather than prawns.
Instead of basil, I used cilantro. Yum! I will definitely make this again and
share the recipe with others.

Debbie Shuster Nagle

Rating: 5 stars

08/26/2012

This was so amazing, I went out the next day to buy the shrimp while they were
on sale and made 5 more batches to freeze. Lots of flavor!!!!

naui

Rating: 5 stars

05/25/2009

Didn't have any orange juice but these turned out brilliantly!! Thanks so much
for sharing!

Elizabeth Hougland-Meaney

Rating: 5 stars

06/03/2012

I followed the recipe except I went for a smaller shrimp as I just couldn't
afford the prawns. I also made them in my cast iron skillet. Amazing! I can't
wait to clean my grill and get some prawns on sale!

Monique E

Rating: 5 stars

01/04/2013

So good. Great amrinade to use on chicken as well

Danelle

Rating: 5 stars

08/17/2012

I simmered the shrimp in the marinade & added buttered noodles to the sauce.
Next time I will add artichoke hearts to it as well.

Dee Dee

Rating: 5 stars

08/21/2012

I thought this was superl!!! Sauteed the prawns after marinating then added
the marinade to pan and brought to a simmer. Added blanched asparagus and
served over angel hair pasta. WONDERFUL meal and so easy too! Definately a
keeper!!!

Dixie'sMom

Rating: 5 stars

07/25/2009

Every garlic lover's perfect recipe, even the neighbours poked their heads
over the fence and asked what we were grilling. Quick and easy. I followed the
recipe to a tee and can't recommend any type of changes. Thanks for the
fantastic recipe!!

April P.

Rating: 3 stars

07/05/2007

It was good, but nothing to write home about!

Pat G.

Rating: 5 stars

08/16/2012

This was very good and easy to make. Reminded me of scampi but with a mild
citrus kick. I used fresh basil as it is summer and I am growing tons of it.
Served it over couscous and thickened the sauce with a little canned chicken
broth and cornstarch to pour over the dish. You can serve this with/over
anything from potatoes to pasta.

Doris Christiansen

Rating: 2 stars

07/25/2011

Did not care for this recipe. Too tangy for my liking.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

07/15/2005

Very tasty. Must buy more prawns.

Marni Nelson

Rating: 4 stars

08/21/2012

Very rich tasting and had a nice grilled taste. I served them with some warm
french bread, steamed artichoke and an organge lemon poundcake to match the
flavors. I'd make again

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

07/16/2004

Thank's to my families allergies I never liked seafood, until now. I thought
these were delicious. I made it exactly as directed but let them sit over
night. We grilled them on kabob stakes...yum. Next time I will try a smaller
lemon and larger orange.

Michael in CT

Rating: 5 stars

07/29/2007

Great recipe. I've tried it multiple times and everybody loves it. I do triple
the Garlic, but thats just because I am a Garlic lover. There are lots of good
prawn recipes but not alot of great ones. This one is a keeper in my recipe
box.

daphne

Rating: 4 stars

03/28/2009

I omitted the orange juice and mustard because I didn't have them on hand, but
the recipe still went well. I added more herbs cos I like the smell and taste
of basil. It was a fairly good recipe, just that I prefer a milky sauce (like
those I've tried in Perth).

VC

Rating: 5 stars

03/18/2008

Very good shrimp dish!! I've also used the same marinade for grilled chicken &
that was just as good...fun to serve the shrimp/chicken combo for a cookout
with a large group.

JC

Rating: 5 stars

11/01/2009

Loved it & so did hubby! I was actually surprised about the orange & Dijon
involved in the recipe but this turned out so yummy! I was only able to
marinate for 1 hour but it was still flavorful. Thank you!

Lesley

Rating: 4 stars

09/09/2005

Good but my family would have liked them a little spicier (per our taste)

SMR in Toronto

Rating: 5 stars

04/03/2014

I substituted fresh chopped cilantro for the basil, and pan fried the (fresh)
prawns (without tails); served with a sauce comprised of low fat mayo, alioli
and some hot sauce. They were devoured as an appetizer!

Regina's Kitchen

Rating: 5 stars

12/19/2012

Easy and great. Doubled the garlic and added lemon zest and orange zest of the
orange and lemon that I used.

gardengirl

Rating: 5 stars

09/17/2008

Hubby gave this two thumbs up, and he usually drowns his prawns in butter. I
didn't have a fresh lemon or orange. I just used 1 1/2Tbs lemon juice and 3Tbs
orange juice, and it still turned out well.

Meg G.

Rating: 5 stars

07/15/2006

I tried this out when my family came to town and "experimented" on them...it
was a hit! I used freshwater shrimp and kept it on the grill a couple minutes
longer...served it over coucous with green peppers and tomatoes

dsperin

Rating: 5 stars

06/15/2013

Delicious and simple!

MariaT

Rating: 5 stars

08/20/2012

Great - we added mushrooms

DEXTERSMAMA

Rating: 5 stars

08/05/2008

Super recipe! I ended up marinading my prawns all day (like, 10 hours) and
they turned out SO good! Perfect marinade!

incurable

Rating: 2 stars

05/06/2008

I was suprised that I didn't like it. I was pretty excited w/ the ingredients.
I think I'd like to try it on something like asparagus, but on the prawns (my
husband caught that day) the flavor was overpowered by the citrus. There was
no prawn flavor at all. To top it off I didn't care much for the texture from
grilling. Next time I'll stick to the old fashioned method.

Kari

Rating: 4 stars

07/15/2007

I added 1 T of melted buttter and little cayenne pepper (1/4 tsp) for some
extra spice. I didn't have time to grill, brought mixture to a boil then
simmered until cooked through. Very tasty!

KelseyS

Rating: 4 stars

05/26/2008

Great

Christen Hofferd

Rating: 5 stars

11/07/2014

So, so, SO yum! I stumbled across this recipe in the attempts at throwing
something together quickly for dinner. The one hour marinade sort of put a
kink in that but SO worth it! The only thing I had to tweak was adding apple
juice with a splash of dark rum instead of white wine because I didn't have
any. I also added triple the amount of dried basil. I also added a bit more
Dijon mustard after tasting a bit too strong of lemon.

Julia

Rating: 5 stars

10/06/2006

I loved the citrus flavours of these prawns. I found pre-skewered, de-vained
prawns at the grocery store so all i had to do was marniate them. Great on the
BBQ.

angelmommy

Rating: 5 stars

10/04/2012

Very simple and delicious made exactly as written. Might need a pinch of salt
or Old Bay Seasoning.

Reem Aj

Rating: 5 stars

09/22/2014

Kids loved it husband too tasty and easy to make ...

Susan Suetholz Cobb

Rating: 5 stars

02/25/2013

Amazing. Family loved it. Definitely a keeper.

ESRICHIE

Rating: 5 stars

09/18/2004

This is a wonderful marinade! I bbq'd chicken along with it using the same
marinade. My family loved it! The only thing I did different was omit the
mustard and used lime juice instead of orange/lemon (it's what I had on hand).
I think this wonderful enough to entertain with as well. Thank you!

LindaJean

Rating: 5 stars

08/15/2018

It was excellant

wvjamyers

Rating: 4 stars

05/28/2015

Good overall, but I will try to use more spice next time!

LisaS

Rating: 5 stars

02/14/2016

The only change I made was I used honey mustard because that is what I had.
Great balance of flavors. Super easy!! This one goes in the favorites for
sure!!

TINA

Rating: 5 stars

04/15/2019

it was great and flavorfull!

annette

Rating: 5 stars

02/08/2016

I didn't have any dijon mustard, so I added a teaspoon of horseradish to the
recipe. I also added 2Tbs of melted butter to the marinade. It was great!

coastalcatch

Rating: 5 stars

01/28/2011

Thank you for garlic prawns. Enjoyed a lot

Luvfood

Rating: 5 stars

07/20/2008

Tried this recipe for a last minute BBQ and it turned out great. My guests
loved it.

Jeremy Link

Rating: 4 stars

12/17/2017

Wife really liked the marinade and the reduction was subtle, but great, on
pasta. Accidentally added two tablespoons of basil and turned out fine.

Cathie Carter Noble

Rating: 5 stars

08/01/2019

We really enjoyed these I only had medium size shrimp. Sauteed in orange
flavored olive oil and minced garlic served over angel hair pasta. Yum!!!!
Thanks for sharing the recipe!

jrkolar

Rating: 5 stars

08/04/2016

I have made MANY recipes off this site and many of them have been great but
this is the first time one has been so good that I actually wrote a review.
YUMMMMMMY! I had 35 Jumbo shrimp and no lemons or oranges so I doubled
everything in the marinade and used half a cup of lemon juice and half a cup
of orange juice. Only had to grill 2 minutes each side. These were fantastic
mouthgasmic! Cannot wait to have them again!!

Eva Van Hullebush

Rating: 4 stars

02/04/2016

The taste of the shrimp was great. I sautéed them in butter. Added extra clove
of garlic. Lots of flavour. Didn't like the marinade for the sauce though. we
had pesto over pasta with our prawns, will make them again on the grill in the
summer.

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Garlic Prawns

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Garlic Prawns

##  All Reviews for Garlic Prawns

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Garlic Prawns

Servings Per Recipe: 6  
Calories: 230.7  

% Daily Value *

protein:  10.2g  20 %

carbohydrates:  6.4g  2 %

dietary fiber:  1.6g  6 %

sugars:  2.7g

fat:  18.6g  29 %

saturated fat:  2.6g  13 %

cholesterol:  89.1mg  30 %

vitamin a iu:  183.6IU  4 %

niacin equivalents:  1.4mg  11 %

vitamin b6:  0.1mg  7 %

vitamin c:  30.2mg  50 %

folate:  11.4mcg  3 %

calcium:  47mg  5 %

iron:  1.8mg  10 %

magnesium:  21.4mg  8 %

potassium:  175.2mg  5 %

sodium:  166.3mg  7 %

thiamin:  0.1mg  5 %

calories from fat:  167.3

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Garlic Prawns

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 87

Garlic Prawns

1 of 4 Garlic Prawns

Jason Scherbel

Garlic Prawns

2 of 4 Garlic Prawns

LYNNINMA

Garlic Prawns

3 of 4 Garlic Prawns

Dixie'sMom

Garlic Prawns

4 of 4 Garlic Prawns

SunnyByrd

Garlic Prawns

5 of 4 Garlic Prawns

Erika&Paul

Garlic Prawns

6 of 4 Garlic Prawns

CandiceSteele

Garlic Prawns

7 of 4 Garlic Prawns

mjhutch

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Garlic Prawns to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Garlic Prawns

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

