https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/220597/simple-garlic-shrimp/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Main Dishes
  4. Seafood Main Dishes
  5. Shrimp
  6. Simple Garlic Shrimp

# Simple Garlic Shrimp

Rating: 5 stars 4.8

1526 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 1311 
  * 4 star values: 158 
  * 3 star values: 39 
  * 2 star values: 11 
  * 1 star values: 7 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 1,526 Ratings 
  * 1,115 Reviews 
  * 291 Photos 

Give garlic shrimp a try if you like shrimp and love garlic. It's fast and
delicious, and I hope you enjoy it!

Recipe by Chef John

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Read the full recipe after the video.

Add Photo

Simple Garlic Shrimp Allrecipes Member

Simple Garlic Shrimp sda1

Simple Garlic Shrimp Lisa Merchant

Simple Garlic Shrimp Armymomof8

\+ 287 287 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

15 mins

cook:

10 mins

total:

25 mins

Servings:

4

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

4

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 4 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1 ½ tablespoons olive oil 
  * 1 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined 
  * salt to taste 
  * 6 cloves garlic, finely minced 
  * ¼ teaspoon red pepper flakes 
  * 3 tablespoons lemon juice 
  * 1 tablespoon caper brine 
  * 2 tablespoons cold butter, cut into 4 equal pieces, divided 
  * ⅓ cup chopped flat-leaf parsley, divided 
  * 1 teaspoon water, or as needed 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Heat olive oil in a heavy skillet over high heat until it just begins to
smoke. Place shrimp in an even layer on the bottom of the pan and cook for 1
minute without stirring.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Season shrimp with salt; cook and stir until shrimp begin to turn pink, about
1 minute.

  * Step 3

Stir in garlic and red pepper flakes; cook and stir 1 minute.

  * Step 4

Stir in lemon juice, caper brine, 1 piece butter, and 1/2 of the parsley. Cook
until butter has melted, about 1 minute.

  * Step 5

Reduce heat to low and stir in remaining 3 pieces butter. Cook and stir until
butter has melted, sauce is thick, and shrimp are pink and opaque, 2 to 3
minutes.

  * Step 6

Remove shrimp with a slotted spoon and transfer to a bowl; continue to cook
butter sauce, adding water 1 teaspoon at a time if too thick, about 2 minutes.
Season with salt.

  * Step 7

Serve shrimp topped with the pan sauce and remaining parsley.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

196 calories; protein 19.1g; carbohydrates 2.9g; fat 12g; cholesterol 188.1mg;
sodium 243.7mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (1115)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Whole Chef

Rating: 5 stars

05/01/2012

Absolutely delicious. Almost skipped the caper brine but decided on a last
minute trip to the store for it. Absolutely worth it as it adds a certain
zing. Company or weeknight - couldn't be better! Be sure to watch the video:
it is short and gives helpful instructions.

Read More

Helpful (409)

### Most helpful critical review

neicey83

Rating: 3 stars

01/29/2013

I wasn't crazy about it. There was a lot of flavor lacking and I had to
seriously doctor it up before I was able to eat it. After all was said and
done I served it over angel hair pasta and it was good.

Read More

Helpful (21)

1526 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 1311 
  * 4 star values: 158 
  * 3 star values: 39 
  * 2 star values: 11 
  * 1 star values: 7 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Whole Chef

Rating: 5 stars

05/01/2012

Absolutely delicious. Almost skipped the caper brine but decided on a last
minute trip to the store for it. Absolutely worth it as it adds a certain
zing. Company or weeknight - couldn't be better! Be sure to watch the video:
it is short and gives helpful instructions.

itachandra

Rating: 5 stars

04/10/2012

I love this! I didn't have caper brine, but it still turned out perfect to me.
I added some chicken cubes (as I didn't have enough shrimp on hand at the
time), cooked first before the shrimp as it needs more time. I served this
with pasta for a quick dinner, yum!!

Miranda Skye Bullock

Rating: 5 stars

04/29/2012

So tasty, and so simple. I also did not have caper brine, but used green olive
juice instead. Rave reviews all around.

Carol Q.

Rating: 5 stars

05/26/2013

Be prepared to pull out the shrimp when they are done and finish the sauce
separately. Smaller shrimp may cook faster than required to finish off the
sauce and it is critical to avoid over cooking the shrimp. Have the
ingredients fully prepped, as in measured and combined where appropriate, and
not just putting containers out on the counter. Husband calls this one a
keeper, 5 stars.

Chefette Jo

Rating: 5 stars

04/15/2013

OMG, wow! Just finished eating this and it is hands down, the best recipe that
I have made from this website (I've made a lot). SO delicious, and SO much
flavor! Absolutely restaurant-quality shrimp. In my opinion, the caper brine
makes the dish -- it adds a certain sourness/saltiness that for me puts it
over the top. Very simple to make too! I can't say enough how great this is.
If you're planning on making this, DO NOT leave out the caper brine. I served
it over toasted baguette slices to soak up all of the yummy sauce...amazing.
Thank you so much for this recipe Chef John!!

Jessica Marie

Rating: 5 stars

07/17/2012

Very good! I did not use the caper brine, instead I used white cooking wine! I
mixed the sauce and shrimp with cooked angel hair pasta and topped with
freshly grated parmesan cheese! This is an excellent dish!

Sarah Benak

Rating: 5 stars

04/21/2014

This recipe is really good. My suggestion for it is: you must have mise en
place for it, otherwise it can go south in a hurry -- expensive shrimp will
get over-cooked in a hurry (I used 16/25 Gulf and shelled them myself --
really, NOT a problem if you have 5 minutes -- also, really, really pay
attention to Chef John's directions and timing). Please be prepared before you
put this together -- don't be going all "Oh, I forgot to mince the garlic"
before you attempt this recipe. Do follow Chef John's directions -- and have
your ingredients all lined up on your stove top before you begin. Set your
timer(s). It especially rocks if you add some (drained) chopped artichoke
hearts and some steamed asparagus to it. Oh, also, fresh lemon juice and fresh
garlic work far better than bottled/jarred varieties. Trust me. And ... you're
welcome.

Linda Lem

Rating: 5 stars

04/21/2012

This recipe is so simple to make and really tasty..I found that the red pepper
flakes add a world of difference .. I didn't have the caper brine so I left it
out and it still was very tasty...thanks Chef John for the recipe and the
video ...

Janelle Howe

Rating: 5 stars

04/23/2012

This is a great meal My little one is not a fan of GARLIC but she loved this
one.. I did add capers to the dish not justs the the Brine

bogan3253

Rating: 5 stars

05/27/2012

The only tweak I made was to only add one of the 1 1/2 T of cold butter, as I
like more of a thicker sauce than a soupy one. Simple recipe to execute. Kudos
to Chef John!

robynznest

Rating: 5 stars

08/22/2012

I hate it when people write a review on a recipe that they totally
altered....but I did just that. I was in a tight bind and needed to come up
with dinner fast. I had some precooked shrimp thawed and went for this recipe.
I didn't have fresh Italian parsely but I did have cilantro. Otherwise I
followed the recipe to a tee.....oh, well I was sipping white wine and
decided, what the heck! I poured a "glug" of white wine into the sauce. I
served it over white Jasmine rice. This was a 5 Start restaurant kind of good!
Thank you for sharing this delicious shrimp dish!! Mmmmmm!

ROSIESTOES

Rating: 5 stars

06/23/2012

This was a really good recipe and super easy. I made sure I had everything
measured out and ready to pour in the pan. Doubled the recipe for a Father's
Day dinner. Watched the video before I made. Thanks for the great recipe!

msouleusa

Rating: 5 stars

06/05/2013

This was a superb recipe. I did add two things, a dash of crushed red pepper
to the sauce and a nice glass of wine for the cook. Thanks for sharing.

Laurie Annis

Rating: 5 stars

08/25/2012

I didn't have fresh parsley but dried worked just fine. I also didn't have
capers, so I tried jalapeno brine! It was awesome. Will definitely use this
recipe again.

neicey83

Rating: 3 stars

01/29/2013

I wasn't crazy about it. There was a lot of flavor lacking and I had to
seriously doctor it up before I was able to eat it. After all was said and
done I served it over angel hair pasta and it was good.

ebonyacook

Rating: 4 stars

02/10/2013

Just tried this- my one major suggestion is to cook the butter sauce FIRST and
then throw your shrimp in to cook. Honestly, shrimp takes but like 3, maybe 4
min to cook and the total cook time with shrimp in the pan is just too long.
Mine came out overcooked unfortunately but the sauce is good. Also, I seasoned
my shrimp beforehand and put it in the fridge to marinate for like 2hrs, just
so there was some good flavor. I skipped the caper and parsley...

fxlshultz

Rating: 4 stars

06/05/2012

The rawness of the garlic in this recipe was much too strong. When we sampled
the left over shrimps, the mellowed garlic was terrific; next time, I'll saute
the garlic a little before I add it to the recipe.

arianne

Rating: 5 stars

07/16/2012

This was my first time cooking shrimp and it was very easy and fast. I didn't
have caper brine or red pepper flakes. I added freshly ground pepper as well
as mushrooms and topped it over some buttered spaghetti noodles. (Very easy to
add your favorite ingredients.) I will definitely be making this again. My
boyfriend loved it as well. Proof that all you need is a few fresh ingredients
to make great tasting food.

AndTheKitchenSink

Rating: 5 stars

12/02/2012

My whole family Loved this! I did not use caper brine instead I used Jalapeno
juice (otherwise to a T) we like the kick and it gave a great lingering taste,
quick and very simple! This will be used over and over and over!!

Svetik

Rating: 5 stars

05/02/2012

Love it also my favorite!!!

Ron Lloyd

Rating: 4 stars

06/29/2013

We enjoyed this recipe. If I did it again I would saute the garlic before
putting the shrimp in. The garlic was a little raw and a bit strong for our
tastes (and we love garlic).

Mags

Rating: 5 stars

07/08/2013

I had an accidental incident as I cooking other dishes at the same time, so my
shrimp was cooked pretty much at the point and flipped when I had to add the
garlic, so added in 1/2 garlic (and I had at least 10 cloves minced) with the
shrimp knowing that a minute or two at medium heat will still give garlic
flavor without the garlic bite that raw garlic has.Me and my SO prefer
undercooked/raw vs burnt and detest overcooked shrimp. I added the caper brine
to the lemon juice as suggested but me and my SO LOVE capers so I added in
about a table spoon of medium sized capers. I then cooked through the garlic
and added butter until saucy as my fresh pasta (Brand name found in
refrigerated section) angel hair cooked, and so I added the pasta to the sauce
with the garlic, parsley and caper mixture with added butter...then added in
the already cooked shrimp as I took it off the heat. The fresh cooked pasta
still had some of the water because I took it out of the pot with tongs which
loosened up the sauce but still stuck to the pasta enough and then added back
in the half coated garlic shrimp and tossed. End result, pasta covered with
flavor with perfect ratio of shrimp to pasta (about .75 to 1 lb shrimp with 9
ounces of fresh brand name angel hair) garlic and caper ratio. Again we LOVE
capers, so for us to add in whole capers was not to say this recipe isn't
delicious - but a perfect recipe for people to use as a base and adjust
accordingly to taste a it's quick and fast.

emdude

Rating: 5 stars

11/20/2012

Three words: won der ful I made it exactly as described, no modifications and
loved it. In my opinion you have to do it as prescribed the first time to be a
judge. AFTER that you can ad modifications, see below: Second time I made it I
used white wine instead of water to finish the sauce. I liked that as well of
course.

aputler

Rating: 5 stars

10/18/2012

Wish I made this sooner! Had everything except the shrimp so I picked up a 1
lb bag of frozen, 16 count raw with shell on. Made it exactly as written, and
it turned out to be one of our new favorites! Served with Chef John’s Garlic
Aioli Bread, Angel Hair Pasta and small dinner salad. Will make this again and
again.

Mixit

Rating: 5 stars

12/02/2014

What can I say deeelish! This recipe and 'Basil Shrimp' on this site have so
far been the most flavorful shrimp dishes I've tried. If you want more sauce
easy to make more sauce. The only change I made was to add 1 tb. capers and
made some pasta for a base.

CAFEMAN

Rating: 5 stars

05/21/2013

Simple and delicious. Great easy recipe. Shrimp were beautiful with a
wonderful flavor. I did not change a thing.

Linda Purchase

Rating: 5 stars

02/14/2013

made these to go on top of our steaks tonight fantastic my husband thinks I am
a genius lol

CakeFACE

Rating: 4 stars

05/09/2012

This recipe was great! I made this recipe with some roasted potatoes and some
veggies! Definitely will make again.

lunchlady

Rating: 5 stars

07/11/2012

Made this last night as written and it was outstanding! The five of us all
agreed this is a keeper and we will be making it many times. Thank you Chef
John.

WOODS2104

Rating: 5 stars

05/25/2015

Loved it! Definitely need to prep everything before starting and pull those
shrimp off as soon as they are done. I subbed olive juice for caper brine and
tasted awesome. Added angel hair pasta to the sauce with a little of the pasta
cooking water and then threw the shrimp back in. I doubled the recipe for 4
adults and had just enough leftovers for my lunch the next day!

glypnirsgirl

Rating: 5 stars

06/30/2013

Absolutely delicious! Placed cast iron pan in an oven I heated to 400 degrees.
Prepped all ingredients in advance --- chopped garlic, chopped parsley, juiced
lemons, measured juice, added caper brine. Rinsed shrimp and shook off most of
the water. Pulled the hot pan out of the oven, placed it on a high burner,
added the oil and started cooking - it was done in less than 5 minutes once
the cooking started. So fast! So easy!!! Anytime you get a recipe that the
hardest part is mincing garlic ---- you know you have a winner. This cooks so
fast, you not only have to have your ingredients prepped, you need to have all
of the side dishes ready, also. I only had time to toast the bread --- not
even time to throw together a salad --- once this started.

FallenAngel

Rating: 5 stars

05/23/2012

This was amazing, i am not a fan of garlic or spice, but i decided to try this
recipe. It was truly gourmet and succulent, happy to say there was no
leftovers :). My husband loved it so much he has requested it to be a part of
regular meals lol.

BratCat

Rating: 5 stars

07/08/2012

Great taste, easy -n- quick to make, served with brown rice. Thanks

Patty

Rating: 5 stars

02/20/2015

This was so easy and SO good! My husband took one bite and said, "Can you make
this again?" I increased everything except the shrimp by 50% to make more
sauce and served it over egg noodles. Awesome! Also, I didn't have capers so I
dissolved kosher salt in water and added a few drops of pickle juice. Worked
great. This will be a standard for our family.

Jan S

Rating: 5 stars

04/03/2015

This is a keeper! I did not have caper brine so used olive juice and added
sliced mushrooms. I actually sauteed all of the ingredients and added the
shrimp at the end, tasted wonderful!

Isabella V

Rating: 5 stars

07/16/2015

I loved this recipe. I am a young teenager and I made this dish fairly easily
for 7 people. This dish was easy and delicious! For the parsley I didn't use
exact measurements and for the red pepper I added more. I thought the extra
red pepper made the dish taste even better with the bit of extra spice. I
definitely will be using this recipe again. Some advice is to make a few extra
side dishes as I didn't find the shrimp alone filling enough.

cathy

Rating: 5 stars

04/04/2013

this recipe is fantastic. i made this about a month ago and my husband and i
polished off the whole recipe :) i served it over angel hair pasta, and
accompanied it with fresh artichokes, lemon, and butter. oh, and a nice glass
of white wine. but remember what chef john says, have everything prepped and
ready to go before you start. it is critical to the success of the recipe, as
shrimp will not be very tasty if overcooked. this is a great recipe (very very
quick!) for a weeknight or for a fancy special occassion. and i feel that the
caper brine is critical, as chef says. it really adds a special somthing. bon
appetit!

paris

Rating: 5 stars

06/28/2013

I tried it, and it was so easy and good--esp on the bread pieces. I did cheat
and used dry white wine after removing the shrimp-- and OMG! DO IT!

Winnie

Rating: 5 stars

06/02/2015

Phenomenal taste and the caper brine really does make a difference, don't skip
this step. Very simple but the shrimp is swimming in outstanding flavors.
Paired this with Brazilian Rice ( also found on allrecipes ) and my boyfriend
and I couldn't get enough. Can't wait to make it again.

Susie Bross Gerchicoff

Rating: 5 stars

06/05/2013

I got this recipe today by email and made it tonight. I told my husband this
was one recipe that I would not change one thing. Absolutely delicious!

Dante Urssing

Rating: 5 stars

02/28/2016

6 weeks ago I never heard of Chef John, now I make it a habit to find his
recipes. He is the most down to earth chef I have ever come across. This
recipe is simple and I have tried it with and without the caper brine, and it
definitely tastes better with the brine. Very good!

Cathy Caldarell-Whitaker

Rating: 5 stars

06/03/2015

I never review! This was AMAZING! My husband said it's a good thing I didn't
make a double batch or he would have eaten it all! The caper brine is
brilliant!

Melissa Goff

Allstar

Rating: 4 stars

02/25/2013

Watching the video made it easy to make this recipe. I did as written and it
wasn't at all hard to follow and the only thing I really didn't like to much
about was the acidity. I used 6 cloves of garlic but the acidity in the lemon
& caper mixture was slightly over powering for my taste. I added more butter
and a few tbsp of water to reduce the flavor and then it was much better.
After those adjustments, it was better to my liking. And the shrimp had a nice
little heat.

Phoebe

Rating: 5 stars

06/28/2013

Heavenly smell still lingers! NOt as much butter and no chili peppers. Outta
capers but I love them so made a special trip and added a few capers along
with the brine.

Lyse

Rating: 5 stars

01/23/2013

Absolutely magnificent! I followed this recipe to a T and had enough wonderful
tasty sauce to add to fettuccini noodles to make a dinner just divine! Thank
you so much for the how-to video. It showed just how simple this recipe is to
have such an amaing result! Thanks!

Boog

Rating: 5 stars

10/02/2012

So so good...I didn't have the caper brine but substitued it with white wine,
I also added Chopped onion greens, served it in flat bread, wow! good!

Deb C

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

06/28/2013

Simple, easy and delicious – and the caper brine is a nice touch.

Auntie Mame

Rating: 5 stars

06/15/2015

Made this for a birthday dinner and it was a hit! Followed the recipe as
written (although I did double it) and watched the video. Everyone loved the
dish especially the zing of the red pepper flakes. Have been asked to make
this for upcoming parties in July and September. Will definitely add this to
my repertoire!

Emily Critser

Rating: 5 stars

08/24/2014

Awesome, easy, fast. This can go with pasta, on salad, nachos, or whatever if
you're creative. Yes.

Paul Macy

Rating: 1 stars

02/26/2016

One of the worst recipes I ever found on this site. After reading the recipe I
thought it sounded strange because of the excessively long shrimp cooking
times especially at the high temps they recommend but I decided to try it
exactly as thee recipe called for and it was a disaster, the shrimp were
literally cooked to a charcoal briquette texture and the sauce had no flavor.
I think it could be a decent recipe with some major modifications and I mill
probably try it again using common sense instead of the absurd recipe
directions.

Connie Sanders

Rating: 5 stars

10/02/2012

This was ungodly delicious! I made this exactly as stated except for adding a
little more garlic, because I am a garlic fiend. I served it over sphaghetti
squash. My only complaint is that it should state "1 serving" as I could have
finished the whole thing off myself. I made this in a cast iron pan which gave
the shrimp a nice little crust. Don't skip the caper brine, it gives the dish
a nice depth of flavor!

Jim

Rating: 5 stars

06/23/2015

Basically perfect as is. But I agree with others, 6 + minutes is to long for
shrimp, no matter what the size. 3 - 4 minutes will do just fine. Next time
I'll try it with fresh salmon.

LT

Rating: 5 stars

04/23/2012

These came out delicious. Loved the video.

Sonni

Rating: 5 stars

06/28/2013

Really delicious! I LOVE the caper brine in this but then I could make myself
sick on capers - love them! The only thing I changed was the parsley. I just
don’t like fresh parsley but I had some fresh basil and used it instead and it
was wonderful. Thanks for another great recipe, Chef John!

Rmathew1

Rating: 5 stars

04/06/2013

Made just as the recipe is written...we absolutely loved it! I will definitely
make this again. I used Angel hair pasta with it but might try toast next
time:)

learningnewthings

Rating: 5 stars

05/11/2015

This recipe was amazing ! I am a huge seagoi fan and was skeptical when it
came to trying this but it turned out pretty well . I would not recommend
letting the olive oil heat until it starts to smoke if you have a house full
cause it will cause panic , lol . Enjoy !

mommyluvs2cook

Rating: 3 stars

07/29/2014

3 stars because this was so sour from all the lemon! My cheeks hurt! The add
ins I made, which I don't think affected the sourness is add a couple capers
and some fresh tomatoes... and not sure why everyone is gushing over this. It
was edible but wow! Served over angel hair pasta for the family and I ate mine
over zucchini noodles. Probably won't make again.

donna

Rating: 5 stars

06/05/2013

Shrimp, garlic and only 2 carbs? What's not to like :D

OHWEEZY

Rating: 5 stars

03/26/2013

Simple recipe that catches the essence of garlic and shrimp. Just make sure to
NOT overcook shrimp --then it's too rubbery.

christyb

Rating: 5 stars

10/02/2019

Indescribably divine! I did a test run using 2#'s of shrimp, will be using
3-4#'s for a party. I don't have a pan big enough for that much shrimp in one
layer so I made double the amount of sauce, but with an entire bulb of garlic
and without the shrimp. For the shrimp, I tossed it in 2T melted butter plus
some salt + pepper. Layed them out on a baking sheet, not touching, and
broiled for 2.5 minutes. Pulled them out of the oven and tossed with the
sauce. AMAZING! I used extra jumbo Argentinian Red Shrimp, which can
apparently overcook really quickly so even if I was using a smaller amount I
don't think the stovetop method would work for them because of the cooking
time. The shrimp were deveined with shells on. I took the shells off for most
but left some on for comparison. Next time I will definitely take the shells
only leaving the tail on. (**For people reading that get angry about people
making changes & reviewing, the reason to do this is to help other people with
a possible hurdle whether they be missing ingredients, dislikes, ideas, diet
restrictions, equipment, etc. Also, get over it!**)

inafog1

Rating: 3 stars

02/21/2018

I didn't care for this. Also, shrimp was overcooked based on following his
time line for cooking. So follow your instincts instead.

Happ

Rating: 5 stars

10/03/2012

This recipe is terrific! I omitted the caper brine and used 1 less tsp butter.
The shrimp turned out just right! Thank you for a great recipe!

Bob M

Rating: 5 stars

06/12/2019

I have used this recipe over 25 times. Almost alway frozen shrimp from Walmart
. We have adapted to more pepper flakes. Don't skip the caper brine, don't
change this recipe.

Patrick Berry

Rating: 1 stars

01/25/2018

As a rule, when trying a new recipe, I don't stray from a recipe the first
time I prepare it. That said, I should have known better than to cook the
shrimp for as long as is called for. The shrimp were so overcooked they were
inedible. I did try this a second time and adjusted the shrimp cooking time.
Wheile the shrimp were cooked perfectly, the dish as very bland so i won't be
making it again.

Kristen Swinton

Rating: 3 stars

09/08/2014

My sauce was black and unappetizing. I just left it off. Otherwise it was
pretty good.

vc52805

Rating: 5 stars

07/01/2015

It's a great basic recipe so I had to tweak it a little. I added more red
pepper flakes, 1.5 TV of capers, 12 cloves of garlic minced with 1/4 white
onion, 1/c chicken broth and a teeny bit of cornstarch. I also cooked it with
brocoli. My husband loved it. Served with saffron rice and garlic nann.

Ashley Washington

Rating: 5 stars

06/22/2015

I've actually made this before and I did it again with linguine but I
substituted butter with white wine for cooking bottle and lemon.

Snitz427

Rating: 2 stars

06/08/2017

Holy lemon juice! This had a bit of a bitter and spicey bite to it. It was way
too lemony - I re-read the recipe 3 times to see if it was supposed to be
teaspoons instead of tablespoons. Sorry, was excited but this tastes like
lemon, not garlic.

Natasha Carney

Rating: 5 stars

04/09/2019

It was the best shrimp I have ever had in my life, and I am a huge foodie. Add
the caper brine. It takes this recipe to a whole new level. Chef John, thank
you for such an outstanding recipe!

Blueberry

Rating: 5 stars

03/16/2013

Wow!! This was wonderful. We all loved this. I will be making this all the
time.

rhelmig

Rating: 5 stars

07/06/2017

This is delicious. I have made this several times. I serve the shrimp with
pasta. Use the caper brine! If you don't, you are not making this recipe. You
are making a different one.

Reyna Young Ulrich

Rating: 5 stars

10/04/2012

I watched the video and followed the exact instructions. Sometimes I will
change things for my family but this was PERFECT. Served with yellow rice and
caesar salad. Wonderfully garlicky meal!!!

Lamarche68

Rating: 5 stars

06/14/2015

as is. this is fantastics

pixiedusttt

Rating: 5 stars

07/06/2012

didn't have any caper brine but made it anyway. this turned out awesome :)
thanks for the recipe !

melindaivy

Rating: 5 stars

04/02/2013

I made this recipe today and everyone loved it!!! I didn't have fresh parsley
so I used dried. My daughter who usually doesn't care for shrimp tried and
wanted more. I didn't make enough!! I will be making this within the next few
days again. It was so good!!!!

Maggie

Rating: 5 stars

04/23/2015

Taste better than Olive Garden because it's homemade :)...

Gabe Alesse

Rating: 5 stars

07/14/2019

cooked up easy and was delicious! Careful though cooks very quickly so pay
attention.

DonnaT

Rating: 5 stars

01/13/2013

SIMPLE GOODNESS. This is a simple, fast and DELISH recipe. Can be a main with
veggies and starch or an appetizer even a snack!

Ayz Sanchez

Rating: 5 stars

06/18/2018

I'm new to cooking and tried this one. First time trying this and it went
good. Easy peasy and delicious.

Jen Germer

Rating: 5 stars

06/29/2013

My 10-year old son picked this recipe out to make last night. I was skeptical
(not being a fan of capers) but I have to say, the caper brine made the dish.
We made one batch with fish (it turned out incredibly tasty), and one with
shrimp. They licked their platters clean, and I think I'm going to see my son
on "chopped" about 10 years from now if he keeps it up!

ddixon22

Rating: 4 stars

07/31/2012

Very yummy! Was actually quite spicy when I made it--too much for my husband.
But otherwise, a keeper!

Laura

Rating: 4 stars

03/25/2013

I make something vey similar...instead of water, you could add chicken broth
or wine for more death.

teri

Rating: 5 stars

03/21/2017

Yummy! I sauteed some mushrooms and asparagus in butter and added it at the
end over angel hair pasta. Delicious!

JoyceK

Rating: 5 stars

07/17/2012

VERY tasty recipe!! Also, very quick dinner. Prep everything first and have it
by the stove ready to use.

Joe Michael Baker

Rating: 5 stars

06/11/2017

Delicious! Will make again. I agree with the caper brine. Gives it a nice
kick.

Gillian

Rating: 5 stars

07/02/2013

Yum

LoneStarLady

Rating: 4 stars

06/05/2013

I need a lot more sauce to serve this over whole wheat pasta. Serving it over
toasted bread isn't enough for me and a hungry man. Thanks.

Kayak G'ma

Rating: 5 stars

11/30/2016

Love it! Can't wait to make it again. We made it "as is" and served w/ cheese
grits.

CarolJ

Rating: 5 stars

04/24/2016

I've made it several times now, & it is Superb! I double the sauce to serve
over pasta. Don't skip the caper brine!

Marjorie Ray Bailey

Rating: 5 stars

03/17/2019

I’ve made this at least a dozen times and every time we are licking the bowl.
I serve it over some grilled garlic bread and sometimes add capers as well as
the brine. I make it exactly as directed and it’s a favorite in my house.

Mpresid

Rating: 5 stars

12/19/2012

So quick, simple and delicious! Great for weeknights. My only change was I
added capers to the recipe since i love the taste of them. I paired it with
angel hair pasta and it was a hit.

erin

Rating: 5 stars

05/13/2019

I followed the recipie exactly. Served over linguine. Family absolutely loved
it. This dish is restaurant quality!

fja63

Rating: 4 stars

05/18/2018

Made this a second time, still good, but the shrimp cooked too long and made
it tough.

elena

Rating: 5 stars

07/02/2012

OMG great recipe

Kathy B

Rating: 5 stars

03/29/2017

Perfect in every way. Thinking about making the sauce over fish. Delicious!
Caper juice a must! I used regular parsley because that's what I had on hand,
and felt it tasted delicious. Plates empty! That's when you know something is
good. Definite do again.

tjlewis07

Rating: 5 stars

11/26/2012

Very delicious recipe! I didn't have caper brine, but it was delicious anyway
- I did add about 1/2 red and 1/2 yellow medium bell peppers. Also left the
red pepper flakes on the side to add on my own plate since my wife can't do
spicy. It was so good, we had it again later that week. Goes great with rice
(even brown).

EY

Rating: 4 stars

07/03/2012

This recipe was a little too garlicy for me and my family (and we cook with
garlic all the time and LOVE it). I would say cut back on the garlic the first
time around and see how it tastes and if you need more garlic you can add
extra the next time.

Kris_T

Rating: 5 stars

08/27/2012

Followed the recipe exactly, it was great!

aw2day

Rating: 4 stars

04/22/2018

This was a very good dinner, and very quick to make. I followed the directions
exactly, including cooking time on each step. I was disappointed to find the
shrimp (16/20 count) overcooked. I will make it again, but remove the shrimp
much sooner. We liked the sauce it made, and served this for dipping with
crusty french bread. While I love shrimp cooked in just garlic and butter
(with leftover, for dipping), I don't like cooking with that much butter. This
recipe is a perfect blend of other liquids, while using a small amount of
butter.

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Simple Garlic Shrimp

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Simple Garlic Shrimp

##  All Reviews for Simple Garlic Shrimp

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Simple Garlic Shrimp

Servings Per Recipe: 4  
Calories: 195.9  

% Daily Value *

protein:  19.1g  38 %

carbohydrates:  2.9g  1 %

dietary fiber:  0.4g  1 %

sugars:  0.4g

fat:  12g  18 %

saturated fat:  4.7g  23 %

cholesterol:  188.1mg  63 %

vitamin a iu:  880.9IU  18 %

niacin equivalents:  6.8mg  52 %

vitamin b6:  0.2mg  11 %

vitamin c:  15.3mg  26 %

folate:  13.2mcg  3 %

calcium:  52.5mg  5 %

iron:  3.2mg  18 %

magnesium:  34.9mg  12 %

potassium:  226.4mg  6 %

sodium:  243.7mg  10 %

calories from fat:  107.6

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Simple Garlic Shrimp

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 1115

Simple Garlic Shrimp

1 of 291 Simple Garlic Shrimp

Allrecipes Member

Simple Garlic Shrimp

2 of 291 Simple Garlic Shrimp

sda1

Simple Garlic Shrimp

3 of 291 Simple Garlic Shrimp

Lisa Merchant

Simple Garlic Shrimp

4 of 291 Simple Garlic Shrimp

Armymomof8

Simple Garlic Shrimp

5 of 291 Simple Garlic Shrimp

Beachhousedog

Simple Garlic Shrimp

6 of 291 Simple Garlic Shrimp

lyarbrough

Simple Garlic Shrimp

7 of 291 Simple Garlic Shrimp

ppjoseph60

Simple Garlic Shrimp

8 of 291 Simple Garlic Shrimp

Debbie Venus-Fenrich

Simple Garlic Shrimp

9 of 291 Simple Garlic Shrimp

Laurohnson

Simple Garlic Shrimp

10 of 291 Simple Garlic Shrimp

Lita

Simple Garlic Shrimp

11 of 291 Simple Garlic Shrimp

Xris Spencer

Simple Garlic Shrimp

12 of 291 Simple Garlic Shrimp

Dan M

Simple Garlic Shrimp

13 of 291 Simple Garlic Shrimp

Dan Toomey

Simple Garlic Shrimp

14 of 291 Simple Garlic Shrimp

Maria Hernandez

Simple Garlic Shrimp

15 of 291 Simple Garlic Shrimp

Blake

Simple Garlic Shrimp

16 of 291 Simple Garlic Shrimp

Terri Lee

Simple Garlic Shrimp

17 of 291 Simple Garlic Shrimp

Steve O

Simple Garlic Shrimp

18 of 291 Simple Garlic Shrimp

Cristalle Elizabeth

Simple Garlic Shrimp

19 of 291 Simple Garlic Shrimp

Sandra Wiltshire

Simple Garlic Shrimp

20 of 291 Simple Garlic Shrimp

Dawn L.

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Simple Garlic Shrimp to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Simple Garlic Shrimp

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

