https://casuallypeckish.com/butter-garlic-shrimp/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

Casually Peckish

  * About
  * Recipes
  *     * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * YouTube

  * Search

menu icon

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

Ã—

Home Â» Seafood

# Butter Garlic Prawns (Shrimp)

Published: Jan 14, 2022 Â· Modified: Jan 14, 2022 by Genevieve

  *   *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe

This is my absolute favourite way of eating prawns! The combination of
**garlic, butter and a squeeze of lemon is just incredible**. This butter
garlic prawns (shrimp) recipe is simple, easy and super quick to make!

**Can't get enough of prawns?** Try my other easy 15-minute prawn recipes
including **Garlic Prawn Pasta** and **Prawn Fried Rice**. My popular light
and silky **Creamy Prawn Pasta** is one not to be missed!

Jump to:

  * Cooking prawns in shell with heads on
  * How to devein prawns with the shells on
  * Ingredients
  * How to cook butter garlic prawns
  * Useful tips and tricks 
  * Good to know (FAQs)
  * Leftovers
  * ðŸ“– Recipe
  * More quick and easy recipes

## Cooking prawns in shell with heads on

I love cooking **unpeeled prawns** as they come out **juicier** , **plumper**
and more **flavourful** compared to peeled prawns.

The skins (shells) of prawns helps seal in the juices all the whilst allowing
the butter garlic sauce to sip into the prawns. The result is just incredible.

**Another benefit to cooking prawns with heads on is that the heads are super
flavoursome!** When eating these prawns, try squashing the prawn heads and
sucking the juices out of them. **It's truly delicious and a delicacy in many
cultures.** Prawn heads also make amazing stocks!

Of course, you can use peeled and deveined prawns to make this recipe and the
result will still be delicious.

## How to devein prawns with the shells on

The first thing to do when cooking with prawns is to give it a quick rinse
under the tap and if you've got the patience, devein the prawns.

To devein prawns with the skin on, I like to use the toothpick method. This is
how:

  1. Pick a fleshy spot on the back of a prawn (find a gap in between the shells) slightly more towards the head. It's easier to curl the prawn a little inwards to find it. 
  2. With a toothpick at an angle that's perpendicular to the length of the prawn, pierce through the fleshy spot beneath the vein.
  3. Gently pull the toothpick upwards, away from the prawn, the vein should pull out. 

Note, this method takes a bit of practice as pulling too quickly will break
the vein apart and thus nothing will come out. If that happens, find another
spot and try again. The key is to gently pull.

Ps. you can get away with not deveining prawns before cooking, however, it
just means there's a bit more work to do when eating it!

## Ingredients

The ingredients to this butter garlic prawns recipe cannot get any simpler!

## How to cook butter garlic prawns

In a large pan on medium-high heat, add minced garlic, olive oil and butter.
Once the butter has melted and garlic is fragrant, add the prawns.

Season the prawns well with salt and freshly cracked black pepper.

Then turn the heat up to high and stir fry the prawns for about 3 to 4
minutes.

Then, squeeze in the juice of half a lemon. Mix well and that's it!

Simple, quick and absolutely delicious. For presentation, garnish with finely
chopped fresh parsley.

If you like things with a bit of a kick, add in some chopped fresh chilli at
the first step with the garlic. Or, add a little paprika for a bit of extra
flavour and smokiness/sweetness (depending on the type you use).

## Useful tips and tricks

  * **Prawns cook very quickly**. When filming for this recipe, I used medium-sized banana prawns and that took about 3 - 4 minutes to cook. Larger prawns would require a longer cooking time. About 5 - 7 minutes, depending on the size.
  *  **You can tell pawns are cooked when** **they start to curl up** into a loose "C" shape, the flesh is no longer translucent and shells have turned red.
  *  **Do not overcook prawns.** The flesh toughens and becomes rubbery. So keep both eyes on your prawns the entire time your cooking!

## Good to know (FAQs)

**How do you wash prawns before cooking?**

Simply rinse the prawns under cold running tap water and drain well before
cooking.

**Can you eat the veins inside the prawns?**

Technically you can but it just won't be a pleasant experience. Particularly
of the veins are large as they're filled with sand and grits (being the
digestive track after all!)

**How do you get the poop out of the prawns?**

There are different ways of doing this! If you want to devein the prawns with
skin on, scroll above for how-to-steps. To learn how to devein and peel
prawns, check out my **Creamy Garlic Prawn** Pasta recipe for easy step by
steps!

**How long do you cook raw prawns for?**

It depends and size matters! Generally, for medium-sized prawns, 3 to 4
minutes will do. For large prawns, about 5 to 6 minutes.

## Leftovers

Any leftovers can be kept in the fridge for up to 3 days stored in airtight
containers. **I do not suggest freezing these as most prawns you buy have
already been frozen and thawed. In general, never refreeze any kind of meats
and seafood.**

If you're not sure, ask your fishmonger whether the prawns can be frozen at
home (ie, the ones you're about to buy have not been frozen already).

**Made this recipe?**  Let me know your thoughts or questions by dropping a
note in the comments section below! I'd love to hear from you. ðŸ™‚

Happy cooking! - Gen

## ðŸ“– Recipe

## Butter garlic shrimp

The flavour of these prawns when you cook with garlic, butter and a squeeze of
lemon is just incredible. Simple, easy and delicious.

5 from 6 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Main Course, Side Dish

Cuisine: Western

Keyword: butter garlic shrimp

Prep Time: 5 minutes

Cook Time: 5 minutes

Total Time: 10 minutes

Servings: 4 people

Calories: 280kcal

Author: Genevieve

### Ingredients

  * â–¢ 600 g raw, unpeeled prawns medium-sized
  * â–¢ 4 cloves garlic finely chopped
  * â–¢ 3 tablespoon butter
  * â–¢ 1 tablespoon olive oil
  * â–¢ juice of half a lemon about 1 tbsp
  * â–¢ salt & pepper

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Instructions

  * Give prawns a quick rinse under the tap and drain well. ( _ **see note 1**_ )

  * In a hot frying pan, on medium-high heat, add garlic, butter and olive oil. 

  * Once the butter has melted and garlic fragrant, add prawns and season with salt and lots of pepper (for added heat).

  * Squeeze in fresh lemon juice and turn the prawns every minute or so for about 3 - 4 minutes. ( _ **see note 2**_ )

  * Prawns are cooked when they start to curl up (into a loose "C" shape), the flesh turns opaque and shells bright red. 

### Notes

 **1.** **The preparation time of this recipe does not account for deveining
of prawns.** If you wish to devein, add about 10 minutes to the prep time.

To devein prawns with the skin on, I like to use the toothpick method. This is
how:

  1. Pick a fleshy spot on the back of a prawn (find a gap in between the shells) slightly more towards the head. It's easier to curl the prawn a little inwards to find it.
  2. With a toothpick at an angle that's perpendicular to the length of the prawn, pierce through the fleshy spot beneath the vein.
  3. Gently pull the toothpick upwards, away from the prawn, the vein should pull out.

Note, this method takes a bit of practice as pulling too quickly will break
the vein apart and thus nothing will come out. If that happens, find another
spot and try again. The key is to gently pull.

**2\. Prawn cooking time is dependent on size.** Medium-sized prawns take 3 -
4 minutes, large prawns 5 - 7 minutes.

Tried this recipe?Mention @Casuallypeckish or tag #casuallypeckish!

### Nutrition

Calories: 280kcal | Carbohydrates: 2.4g | Protein: 23.5g | Fat: 20.3g |
Saturated Fat: 9.2g | Cholesterol: 325mg | Potassium: 195mg | Fiber: 0.8g |
Sugar: 0.7g | Calcium: 91mg

## More quick and easy recipes

  * Puff Pastry Pizza

  * Easy Garlic Prawn Pasta

  * Teriyaki chicken

  * Soy Sauce Pan Fried Noodles

  * Puff pastry 'pizza' \- a cheats way of making pizza that's light, flaky and so easy to make! 
  * Easy garlic prawn pasta \- for lovers of prawns and pasta 
  * Teriyaki chicken \- pair it with rice and some Asian greens or add it in rice paper rolls, you'll love it. 

## More Seafood

  * Har Gow (Crystal Prawn Dumplings)

  * Salt and Pepper Squid

  * Squid Stir Fry with Celery

  * Chinese Steamed Fish with Ginger and Spring Onions

  *   *   *   *   * 

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name *

Email *

Î”

## Primary Sidebar

## Hi, I'm Gen!

All in for a "what's for dinner" conversation. When I'm not at the gym
exercising or grocery shopping, I'm making a mess in the kitchen and creating
something yum along the way.

**Learn more about me â†’**

### FREE recipe e-booklet

Subscribe to my weekly newsletter and receive a free recipe e-booklet straight
to your inbox!

### Gen's top picks

  * Lasagna

  * Wonton Noodle Soup

  * Lu Rou Fan (Taiwanese Braised Pork Rice)

  * Beef Noodle Stir Fry

### Popular recipes

  * Creamy Mushroom Pasta (no cream!)

  * Chinese pork mince noodles

  * Pork Wontons

  * Easy Garlic Prawn Pasta

  * Creamy garlic prawn pasta

  * Spaghetti and Meatballs

## Footer

â†‘ back to top

### **About**

  * Casually Peckish
  * Privacy Policy

### **Newsletter**

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates

### **Contact**

  * Contact

Copyright Â© 2022 **Casually Peckish**

