https://butteroverbae.com/saucy-schezwan-chicken/


Skip to content

__ Search

Facebook-f __ Twitter __ Instagram __

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * Dr. Who?
  * Contact

____ Menu

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * Dr. Who?
  * Contact

# Saucy Schezwan Chicken (Szechuan Chicken)

By  Wajiha /  March 12, 2020 April 22, 2020 / 30 min meals, Chicken Recipes,
Chinese/Indo-Chinese Cuisine, MAIN COURSE, QUICK RECIPES

Jump to Recipe

This saucy Schezwan Chicken is **SPICY** and the perfect comfort food to pair
with fried rice or chowmein. It's part of the Sichuan cuisine, (aka Szechwan
or Szechuan) which is a style of Chinese cuisine originating from Sichuan
Province. It has bold spicy flavors that come from garlic, chilies and Sichuan
peppers.

But no matter how you spell it, its spicy and delicious, which is all that
matters honestly! And also comes together in less than 30 mins! win win! I
love making this saucy Chicken alongside with some dry Chinese sides like
**dragon chicken** or good old **Dynamite Shrimps** and a **hearty Asian
salad** , when I feel like cooking a feast for the family.

## How to make Saucy Schezwan Chicken

### 1\. Start with the Curry base

First step is to create a nice aromatic curry base. I used minced garlic,
shallots and whole red chilies in oil to create this base.

#### SUBSTITUTIONS

  * You can also use **chili oil** to further enhance that chili flavor in the curry.
  * For the dried red chili you can use the round ones or long ones. 
  * And if you have some Sichuan peppercorns at hand, throw a few in. (but let's be honest, we usually don't)

I like to take the garlic and onions to a nice golden color before adding
chicken. It just adds so much more depth in flavor. Make sure to turn the heat
to a slightly higher temperature when the chicken is added.

### 2\. Then add the Schezwan sauce.

This recipe requires **Schezwan sauce** as the name itself suggests. You can
make the Schezwan sauce at home, or buy it at your local grocery store. Just
make sure, the one you buy is made of chilies, garlic and Sichuan peppercorns.

### 3\. Season the curry with other sauces and spices.

I added all the sauces, sugar and salt, and kept sauteing the chicken in it.
The last addition was of ketchup. Again, I like to use ketchup because of it
underlying sweet flavor. But you can **substitute with tomato paste** as well.

  *   * 

### 4\. Adding bell pepper and corn-flour

Next comes red bell peppers. I personally prefer using the red ones because of
how they taste (slightly sweet than green). They compliment the dish
perfectly, taste wise and color wise. But you can of course substitute with
any bell pepper you have at hand or skip it altogether.

  *   * 

After stir frying the bell peppers for 2 mins, add water and cornflour and let
it simmer till the corn flour cooks. And viola! Garnish with white or black
sesame seeds. Serve it with fried rice or **Chow mein**.

## Alternates, Fixes and Remixes

  * You can make the same recipe with beef steak strips, and boneless fish as well. 
  * If you are somebody who likes to have vegetarian days in the week, you can use cauliflower to make a vegetarian Schezwan recreation.
  * This recipe definitely is on the spicier side, if its turns out too spicy for you, just add a tbsp of brown sugar and ketchup to balance the spice out.
  * Feel free to add more veggies like square cut onions, or carrots etc.

Continue to Content

## Saucy Shezwan Chicken

_Yield:_ 4 servings

_Prep Time:_ 10 minutes

_Cook Time:_ 15 minutes

_Total Time:_ 25 minutes

A spicy Indo-Chinese chicken curry made using Schezwan Sauce

Print

### Ingredients

  * 500 gm boneless chicken cut in 1 inch cubes 
  * 1/3 cup of Shezwan sauce
  * 1/4 cup chili oil (or any oil) 
  * 3/4 tsp salt 
  * 4 cloves of garlic finely chopped 
  * 5 to 6 whole red chilies (round or long) 
  * 3 shallots finely chopped (or 1/2 cup onions) 
  * 2 tbsp of Hoisin Sauce 
  * 1 tbsp of Oyster Sauce 
  * 1 tbsp brown sugar 
  * 1 tbsp vinegar 
  * 1/3 cup ketchup 
  * 1 cup of square cut red bell peppers 
  * 1 1/2 cup water 
  * 2 tbsp of corn flour 

### Instructions

  1. In a wok, add oil, chopped garlic, shallots and whole red chilies. Saute at medium flame till they turn golden brown.
  2. Add in boneless chicken and toss it around for 2 mins.
  3. Add in the schezwan sauce, salt, sugar, oyster sauce, vinegar, ketchup and hoisin sauce. Saute for 3 to 4 mins or until the chicken loses its pink color. 
  4. Add in the bell peppers and saute for another 2 mins.
  5. Pour in a cup of water mixed with corn flour. 
  6. Let the chicken simmer for another 5 mins or until the the gravy thickens. 
  7. Sprinkle sesame seeds and serve with fried rice or chow mein noodles.

### Notes

#### Recipe for Schezwan Sauce

  * 1 cup of whole dried red chilies
  * 1 whole garlic pod, peeled and all the cloves finely chopped
  * 2 tbsp oil
  * 1/4 cup water
  * 1 tbsp brown sugar
  * 1 tsp salt
  * 1 tbsp vinegar
  * 2 tbsp ketchup

  1. Soak whole red chilies in boiling hot water. Let it sit till the water comes down to room temperature.
  2. Grind the red chilies in food process to make a paste.
  3. In a pan, add oil and chopped garlic at medium flame.
  4. When the garlic turns golden brown, add the chili paste and water.
  5. Add all the other ingredients and let it cook for 2 to 3 mins.
  6. Turn of the flame and fill it up in a jar.

 **Detailed Schezwan sauce recipe with pictures** ****

###### Nutrition Information:

Yield: 4 Serving Size: 1  
_Amount Per Serving:_ Calories: 497Total Fat: 24gSaturated Fat: 5gTrans Fat:
0gUnsaturated Fat: 17gCholesterol: 112mgSodium: 1091mgCarbohydrates: 32gFiber:
4gSugar: 18gProtein: 40g

(C) Wajiha Baig

**Cuisine:** Chinese/Indo Chinese  / **Category:** Chicken Recipes

__

#### Did you make this recipe?

## Tag @butteroverbae  on Instagram and hashtag it #butteroverbae

Share this...  

  * Facebook

  * Pinterest

  * Twitter

  * Yummly

  * email

  * Reddit

  * Whatsapp

### Related posts:

Cheddar Chicken Kabab

Spicy Chicken and Pepper Stir fry

Spicy Chicken Chilli Garlic Noodles

Post navigation

<- Previous Post

Next Post ->

__ Subscribe __

Notify of

new follow-up comments new replies to my comments

Label

__

__

Name*

__

Email*

__

Website

Label

__

__

Name*

__

Email*

__

Website

2 Comments

__

__

__Inline Feedbacks

View all comments

Anonymous

__2 years ago

__

Looking nice will try soon

0

Reply

__

Author

Wajiha

__2 years ago

__

__Reply to   Anonymous

yayyy! cant wait for you to try it!

0

Reply

Search for:

## Life is so busy! Let me bring the recipes STRAIGHT to you!

Name

Email

Let's do this!

### Browse the Blog

#### Recipes

  * __ Breakfast & Brunch
  * __ Snacks & Sides
  * __ Lunch & Dinner
  * __ Dips & Condiments
  * __ Drinks
  * __ Desserts
  * __ Salads

#### Cuisines & Favs

  * __ Pakistani & Indian food
  * __ Asian, Chinese and Indo-Chinese Recipes
  * __ International Cuisine
  * __ All about Pasta
  * __ All Rice dishes
  * __ Meat dishes
  * __ Sea-food
  * __ Chicken Recipes
  * __ Vegetarian Recipes

#### Food talk

  * __ Recipe Collections
  * __ Planning a Party Menu
  * __ Ramadan recipes
  * __ Eid and Holiday Cooking

#### Quick links

  * __ Fusion food recipes
  * __ Quick Recipes
  * __ Healthy Recipes
  * __ Kid Friendly food
  * __ Fried food love

## DISCLAIMER

All images and content are copyright protected. Please do not use my images or
recipes without prior permission. Read about privacy policy and copyright here

butter over bae

Home

recipe-index

about

contact

food & recipes

blog

cakes

Biryani

chicken-recipes

### Guess what? I have a free E-book with the site's top 10 recipes! Sign up
and get it sent right to you!

Let's do this!

Facebook __ Twitter __ Instagram __

Copyright Â© 2020 Butter Over Bae

Developed by WpStairs  

Privacy Policy

.

Terms and Conditions

Skip to RecipewpDiscuz

2

0

Thoughts? C'mon I'm not a mind reader, tell me!x

()

x

| Reply

Insert

Scroll to Top

