https://vegveganmeat.com/szechuan-chicken-recipe/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Recipes
  * Collections
  * Soft Drinks
  * About
  * Subscribe
  * Search

menu icon

  * Recipes
  * Collections
  * Soft Drinks
  * About Us
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Recipes
  * Collections
  * Soft Drinks
  * About Us
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

Ã

Home Â» Recipes Â» Fried Chicken Â» Szechuan Chicken

# Szechuan Chicken Recipe (Schezwan Chicken)

Published: September 22, 2021 by Sangeetha Vel | Last Updated: August 6, 2022

45 shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe

**Szechuan Chicken** also called **Schezwan Chicken** is a spicy Chinese
**Starter** dish, especially from the **Szechuan cuisine**. It is usually
prepared with boneless chicken, Sichuan peppers, and other seasoning
ingredients and served for **lunch and dinner**. The recipe I have shared here
explains how to make the Szechuan Chicken **stir fry** with easy step-by-step
instructions. I have also shared a video of this recipe to make the process
easy and simple. This Szechuan **Chicken** is a perfect stir fry or **side
dish** that pairs well with fried rice, noodles and tastes similar to your
favorite **Chinese take-out**.

_Szechuan Chicken_ Jump to:

  * What is Szechuan Chicken?
  * Ingredients
  * How to Make Szechuan Chicken?
  * Variations
  * Tips
  * Storage Suggestions
  * Serving Suggestions
  * Szechuan Chicken Recipe video
  * ð Recipe
  * FAQ

## What is Szechuan Chicken?

Szechuan chicken is a classical and spicy Chinese **stir fry dish**. It is one
of the popular dishes from Szechuan(Sichuan)Province. This dish is made with
boneless chicken pieces that are marinated, **fried** , and stir-fried with a
special ingredient called Sichuan Peppers.

The Sichuan Peppers used in this recipe make the dish very unique in its
flavor and taste. It is one of the common ingredients used in Sichuan Cuisine
to achieve a citrusy tingling flavor.

The recipe that I have shared here delivers a similar taste and flavor as the
authentic ones. So yeah it is as spicy as the traditional one. But in most
restaurants, the Szechuan Chicken is usually modified to suit the taste of
local people. So may find the restaurant versions may vary from high to low
spice levels accordingly.

## Ingredients

The Szechuan Chicken recipe I have shared here requires basic ingredients that
are usually available in most grocery stores around. But the Sichuan Pepper
used here gives the authentic flavor to this dish and it is rare to get. I
have got mine in one of the popular Asian grocery stores at my place and you
could also find them online.

_Szechuan Chicken Ingredients_

### For Marination

  * **Chicken** \- Boneless chicken pieces works best for this recipe, you can choose either **chicken breast** or thighs to make this dish
  *  **Soy Sauce** \- Dark Soy sauce gives the intense flavor but you could also use regular light soy sauce
  *  **Pepper and Garlic Powder** \- Gives nice aroma and mild heat to the chicken
  *  **Brown or Palm Sugar** \- usually the authentic Chinese especially Szechuan recipes have palm sugar in their dishes, but here I swapped it with brown sugar
  *  **Chinese Five Spice Powder** \- Blend of five spices that gives the authentic flavor to your dish
  *  **Baking Soda** \- Helps the chicken to stay juicy and soft after it is fried
  *  **Corn Starch** \- Coating the chicken in corn starch help the seasoning to bind well and delivers a crispy bite after frying

### For Stir-Frying

  * **Sesame Oil** \- Delivers the authentic streetstyle Szechuan Chicken with rustic and earthy flavors
  *  **Garlic and Ginger** \- Chopped ginger and Grlic gives that fresh aroma and you could also use ginger garlic paste instead
  *  **Dry Red Chili** \- I have soaked the dry red chili in hot water for an hour and then strianed the water and chopped for stir frying
  *  **Spring Onions** \- Stir fry them with other ingredients to get perfect flavor and taste
  *  **Sichuan Peppers** \- The hero of this dish and in authentic Szechuan recipes this Sichuan Peppers plays an important role for delivering a unique taste and flavor

## How to Make Szechuan Chicken?

The Szechuan Chicken shared here delivers an authentic and spicy dish similar
to most Chinese restaurant take-out. Since the authentic recipe calls for a
good amount of heat, I have added dry red chili, and Sichuan peppers to
achieve the same. But if you want to tone down the spice level feel free to
reduce the chili count according to your family needs.

_Szechuan Chicken_

Following are the high-level instructions to make this dish. But for simple
and easy instructions with step-by-step photos with video, please check out
the  **recipe card below**.

  1. **Marinate the Chicken** \- In a bowl, add the boneless chicken and other seasoning ingredients, flour and mix them well. Rest the chicken for atleast 15 minutes to absorb the flavors from the seasoming ingredients
  2.  **Fry the Chicken** \- In a medium heat pan, pour oil and fry the marinated chicken until it turns golden brown on both the sides. Drain from the oil and reserve it for later use
  3.  **Stir Fry** \- In a pan with high medium heat, pour oil and add the ginger, garlic, spring onion, sichian peppers and then the fried chicken and stir fry them well
  4.  **Serve** \- Now the spicy Szechuan Chicken also called Schezwan Chicken is ready to taste and enjoy

## Variations

  * **Veggies** \- I have used only chicken to make this dish similar to Sichuan Street style but you can also add veggies like bell pepper, mushroom, brocolli and carrots
  *  **Proteins** \- You could also use shrimp, and firm tofu to make a different version of this dish
  *  **Nuts** \- I havent added any nuts here, but you can also add cashew nuts, peanuts for extra crunchiness and it gives a different flavor and taste

## Tips

  * **For Authentic Flavor** \- Sichuan Pepper is the main ingredient that gives authentic taste and flavor to this dish but you could also use pepper powder if Sichuan peepers are not handy for you
  *  **Frying Options** \- Usually the marinated chicken is deep-fried in oil but you can also pan-fry them for less oil usage
  *  **Stir-Frying** \- Stir-Frying the chicken with other seasoning ingredients on high medium heat delivers the similar taste and flavor of restaurant Schezwan Chicken
  *  **Veggie options** \- You can also add bell peppers, mushrooms, broccoli, and carrots for veggie options
  *  **Salt** \- Keep an eye on the salt, as the soy sauce already has high sodium in it. And I really dont want you to end up in a salty dish
  *  **Serving** \- This Szechuan Chicken tastes delicious on its own as a starter and you can also serve it as a side dish with **fried rice** and noodles

## Storage Suggestions

This dish tastes great when served hot and I wouldn't recommend storing it for
long hours as it will turn soggy.

## Serving Suggestions

This Schezwan Chicken tastes great on its own as a starter and you could also
serve it along with most fried rice or noodle dishes.

You could also find similar recipes below and more at **Szechuan Recipes** and
**Starter Recipes**.

  * **Szechuan Sauce**
  *  **Szechuan(Schezwan) Fried Rice**
  *  **Kung Pao Chicken**
  *  **Orange Chicken**
  *  **Szechuan Shrimp**
  *  **Kung Pao Shrimp**

Similar **Chicken Recipes** :

  * **Chicken Manchurian**
  *  **Dragon Chicken**
  *  **Chicken Lollipop**
  *  **Popcorn Chicken**
  *  **Chicken 65**

More **Chinese Recipes**

  * **General Tso's Tofu**
  *  **General Tso's Chicken**

## Szechuan Chicken Recipe video

I have also shared a detailed video of this Szechuan Chicken Recipe that I
hope will help you to make a delicious dish at home. For a quick reference,
you could also find this recipe in **story** format.

_Szechuan Chicken Video_

## ð Recipe

## Szechuan Chicken (Schezwan Chicken)

Szechuan Chicken also called Schezwan Chicken is a classical Chinese dish from
Sichuan province. It is prepared with boneless chicken, seasoning ingredients,
and special Sichuan Peppers. This Szechuan Chicken is a tongue-tickling spicy
dish that tastes great with fried rice, noodles, or as a starter.

5 from 1 vote

Author: Sangeetha Vel

Subscribe

Review

Course: Side Dish

Cuisine: Asian, Chinese

Diet: Halal

Prep: 10 mins

Cook: 15 mins

Adjust 2 servings

### Ingredients



US CustomaryMetric



1x2x3x

#### For Marination

  * ▢ 1Â¼ lb Chicken, boneless
  * ▢ 1 tbsp Dark Soy Sauce
  * ▢ 1 tsp Garlic Powder
  * ▢ 1 tsp Pepper Powder
  * ▢ 1 tsp Brown Sugar
  * ▢ 1Â½ tsp Chinese Five Spice Powder
  * ▢ Â¼ tsp Baking Soda
  * ▢ Â½ tsp Salt
  * ▢ 2 tbsp Cornstarch

#### For Stir-Frying

  * ▢ 2 tsp Sesame Oil
  * ▢ 2 tsp Garlic, chopped
  * ▢ 1 tsp Ginger, sliced
  * ▢ 12 Dry Red Chili, soaked in hot water
  * ▢ 3 tbsp Green Onions
  * ▢ 1 tsp Sichuan Pepper, crushed, start with Â½ tsp if new to this flavor

More on Measurements & Conversions Â»

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Instructions



#### To Marinate Chicken

  * In a bowl, add boneless bite-size chicken pieces, dark soy sauce, pepper, garlic, and Chinese five-spice powder, brown sugar, salt, baking soda, and corn starch

  * Mix everything well and rest it for at least 5 minutes

#### To Fry the Chicken

  * In a pan with medium heat, pour oil and fry the marinated chicken pieces and fry them until it turns golden brown on both sides

  * Drain the chicken from the oil and reserve them for later use

#### To make Szechuan Chicken

  * In a pan with medium heat, pour sesame oil and add garlic, ginger, spring onions, and dry red chili. Stir fry everything for 2 to 3 minutes

  * Now add the crushed Sichuan pepper and give a good mix

  * Add the fried chicken and give a good mix. And now the delicious Szechuan Chicken also called Schezwan chicken is ready to taste and enjoy

#### To Serve

  * Serve this hot and spicy Szechuan Chicken as a starter or side dish for fried rice or noodles

### Video

### Notes

  * **For Authentic Flavor** \- Sichuan Pepper is the main ingredient that gives authentic taste and flavor to this dish but you could also use pepper powder if Sichuan peepers are not handy for you
  * **Frying Options** \- Usually the marinated chicken is deep-fried in oil but you can also pan-fry them for less oil usage
  * **Stir-Frying** \- Stir-Frying the chicken with other seasoning ingredients on high medium heat delivers a similar taste and flavor to restaurant Schezwan Chicken
  * **Veggie options** \- You can also add bell peppers, mushrooms, broccoli, and carrots for veggie options
  * **Serving** \- This Szechuan Chicken tastes delicious on its own as a starter and you can also serve it as a side dish with fried rice and noodles

### Nutrition

Serving: 1serving | Calories: 392kcal | Carbohydrates: 14g | Protein: 27g |
Fat: 25g | Saturated Fat: 7g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 6g | Monounsaturated Fat:
10g | Trans Fat: 0.1g | Cholesterol: 102mg | Sodium: 818mg | Potassium: 382mg
| Fiber: 1g | Sugar: 2g | Vitamin A: 706IU | Vitamin C: 6mg | Calcium: 51mg |
Iron: 3mg

Tried this recipe?Mention @yellowchilis or tag #yellowchilis!

## FAQ

**What is Szechuan Chicken?**

It is a classical and spicy Chinese stir fry dish, especially from the Sichuan
Cuisine. It is also called Schezwan Chicken and is typically loaded with spicy
and mild sweet flavors that make the dish unique from other chicken dishes.
The Sichuan Peppers used in this recipe play an important role to achieve
authentic flavor and taste. And this Schezwan Chicken is usually served as an
appetizer or side for fried rice or noodles.

**Why is Szechuan Chicken so spicy?**

The Sichuan Peppers and dry red chili make the dish too spicy and tingling
numbness effect to your tongue.

**Can I make this dish without Sichuan peppers?**

Yes, you can make this dish without Sichuan Peppers by replacing it with
pepper powder. But I would recommend using it to enjoy the authentic taste and
flavor.

**What is the difference between Hunan Chicken and Szechuan Chicken?**

Hunan Chicken is a much spicy and oiler dish made with vegetables like
broccoli, mushrooms, and carrots while Szechuan Chicken is spicy and kind off-
dry. Both the dishes are completely different and comes from a different
province. But both the recipe tastes that citrusy pungent sensation in their
taste.

I hope you enjoyed the recipe that I have shared here and I would love to hear
from you on how it turned out for you. Please let me know.

If you have any other questions, feel free to post them in the comment section
below and I will try to get back to you as soon as possible.

Happy Cooking!

### Related Recipes:

Kung Pao Chicken Recipe General Tso's Chicken Recipe Szechuan Shrimp Recipe
Schezwan Fried Rice Recipe

« 7 Delicious Thai Recipes

Garlic Butter Baked Salmon Recipe »

45 shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Please help us with your Rating and feedback to help you! Please help us with
your Rating and feedback to help you!  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Current yeignore me@r*

Leave this field empty

## Primary Sidebar

### Hey, Nice to see you!

**Hi, I'm Sangeetha Vel!** the author, recipe researcher, creator, and cooking
hands behind Yellow Chili's. A realistic, friendly, empathetic, and
enthusiastic foodie who loves to share authentic, easy, quick, healthy,
instant, and kids-approved recipes.

More about me â

### Stay Connected

  *   
  
  

  *   
  
  

  *   
  
  

  *   
  
  

  *   
  
  

### Soft Drinks

Are you looking for various soft drinks recipes? Check out our website **Tea,
Coffee& Drinks** exclusively for those recipes from around the world.

### Featured Recipes

  * Thai Red Curry with Vegetables

  * Garlic butter Recipe

  * Garlic Butter Chicken Recipe

  * Best Grilled Salmon Recipe

  * Garlic Parmesan Wings Recipe

  * Samosa Recipe

  * Garlic Butter Baked Salmon Recipe

  * White Sauce Pasta Recipe with Penne Pasta

## Footer

â back to top

### About

  * About Us
  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms & Conditions

### Stay Connected

  * Contact Us
  * Sign Up for Recipes

### More Contents

  * Web-Stories
  * Soft Drinks Recipes

Copyright Â© 2022 **Yellow Chili's**

