https://www.indianhealthyrecipes.com/chilli-prawns-recipe/


Skip to content

Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About

Search

Toggle Menu

Search

# Chilli prawns recipe

Home >> Recipes >> Latest

Byswasthi

21 Comments

__WhatsApp

 __Share

 __Pin

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

**Chilli prawns recipe with video** - Indo chinese style chilli prawns that
can be served as a starter or a side with **fried rice** or Chinese style
**Noodles** or simple **Pasta dishes**. There are many ways a Indo chinese
chilli recipe is made, this recipe is quite simple and made with very few
ingredients and mostly healthy since there is no deep frying involved. This
chilli prawns recipe just takes about 20 mins including the preparation time
if you have the cleaned & brined prawns ready.

* * *

I have a very long list of recipe requests from readers, but haven't been able
to share most of them due to time constraints. Hopefully I will be able to
share at least some of them from now on.

This **chilli prawns recipe** is roughly adapted from the chilli chicken
recipe on the blog except I haven't deep fried the prawns here. This recipe
also involves brining the prawns to give a soft tender texture and prevents
them from turning rubbery or hard if cooked right. However you can also skip
that here if you follow any other method of tenderizing them.

Make sure you cook only until they get a C shape, do not overcook them. If you
brine the prawns, it is good not to batter fry them as they will not turn
crispy or crunchy even if you deep fry them. Brined prawns are good for soup
or curry recipes not for deep fry as they may turn very soft and soggy.

I have followed the method of sprinkling flour over the brined prawns so that
the excess moisture in them will be absorbed by the flour. Though they do not
turn out to be crusty like pakora, the flour coating turns out to be crusty
and tastes delicious after it is being added to the chilli sauce.

I do not make Indo chinese gravy recipes often as they need lot of sauces,
corn flour etc which are not healthy. However I have added in the notes on how
to make gravy version of this chilli prawns.

For health reasons, do use only organic plain flour, soya sauce and good
quality corn flour. Refrain from using sauces that have unhealthy additives.

For more **Indo chinese recipes**, you may like to check  
 **Chilli chicken  
Chilli paneer  
Chilli potato  
Chilli mushroom**

## Chilli prawns recipe

Advertisement

## Chilli prawns

Garlic chilli prawns is a popular appetizer from the Indo chinese cuisine.
Prawns in spicy, hot, sweet and sour sauce.

Pin Recipe Print Recipe

1x2x3x

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

For best results follow the step-by-step photos above the recipe card

Prep Time30 minutes

Cook Time20 minutes

Total Time50 minutes

Servings2 to 3

AuthorSwasthi

### Ingredients (US cup = 240ml )

#### Brining (30 mins, optional)

  * ‚ñ¢ 1 ¬Ω tbsp sugar
  * ‚ñ¢ ¬Ω tsp salt preferably sea salt
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 cup water

#### For marination

  * ‚ñ¢ ¬º tsp pepper
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 tbsp corn flour
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 tbsp plain flour or maida (organic or unbleached)

#### For sauce

  * ‚ñ¢ 1 ¬Ω tbsps oil for frying prawns
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 tbsp olive or sesame oil for sauce
  * ‚ñ¢ ¬Ω cup capsicum cubed or bell pepper
  * ‚ñ¢ ¬º cup Spring onions or ¬Ω cup cubed onions layers seperated or as desired
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 tbsp garlic chopped 
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 to 2 green chili slit 
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 ¬Ω tbsps. Chilli sauce (I use sweet & hot chilli sauce, refer notes)
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 to 1 ¬Ω tsp soya sauce (low salt)
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 to 1 ¬Ω tsp vinegar
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 tsp chili powder with 2 tbsps water or 1 tbsp chili paste
  * ‚ñ¢ 250 grams deveined prawns about 8 to 12 large
  * ‚ñ¢ ¬Ω tsp pepper crushed
  * ‚ñ¢ ¬Ω tsp sugar

Advertisement

### Instructions

#### Preparation for chilli prawns

  * ‚ñ¢

Devein and clean the prawns well. Rinse them under running water.

  * ‚ñ¢

Add sugar and salt to a bowl. Pour 1 cup of water. Stir well and add the
prawns to this liquid.

  * ‚ñ¢

Set aside for 30 mins, meanwhile proceed with other preparation.

  * ‚ñ¢

Drain the water completely from the prawns and add corn flour, plain flour and
pepper. Mix every thing well and set aside for 10 mins. This helps the excess
moisture from the prawns to be released and make the flour moist.

  * ‚ñ¢

Heat oil in a pan and fry the prawns on a medium heat. Gently flipping to and
fro. Since they are brined the cooking time reduces to half. So they just get
done under 3 mins, though it depends on the size of the prawns. The prawns
swril and take a C shape when are done. Do not overcook they will turn hard
and rubbery.

  * ‚ñ¢

By then the flour coated over the prawns turn crisp. Set these aside to a
absorbent tissue.

#### How to make chilli prawns

  * ‚ñ¢

Clear up the pan and add more oil. Saute garlic until fragrant. Add chilies,
capsicum and onion cubes or spring onions. Sprinkle very little salt and
sugar.

  * ‚ñ¢

Saute on a high flame just for one to 2 mins until the bell peppers are half
cooked yet retain their crunch.

  * ‚ñ¢

Add chilli sauce, chilli paste, soya sauce, vinegar and pepper. You will also
need to add 2 tbsps of water.

  * ‚ñ¢

Mix and allow the sauces to bubble. Taste this and add more spice or sauce if
you like.

  * ‚ñ¢

Switch off the stove and add the prawns.

  * ‚ñ¢

Toss well and add spring onion greens if you have in hand.

  * ‚ñ¢

Serve chilli prawns immediately to enjoy the crust.

Advertisement

### Notes

I use sweet and hot chilli sauce which is not too hot. If using any other very
hot chilli sauce, cut down the quantity of sauce. Start with half a tsp and
add more after tasting, while you cook.

**To make saucy or gravy chilli prawns**  
Use 2 tsps soya sauce, 2 to 3 tbsps chilli sauce, 2 tsps vinegar and 1/2 tsp
pepper at step 9.  
Add half tsp corn flour to 4 tbsps of water along with little salt. Mix very
well to make it lump free. Pour this to the pan just before adding prawns,
allow to bubble and thicken. Switch off when the sauce turns thick and then
add the prawns.

Alternative quantities provided in the recipe card are for 1x only, original
recipe.

For best results follow my detailed step-by-step photo instructions and tips
above the recipe card.

### Video

### NUTRITION INFO (estimation only)

Nutrition Facts

Chilli prawns

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 216 Calories from Fat 99

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 11g **17%**

 **Sodium** 1950mg **85%**

 **Potassium** 139mg **4%**

 **Carbohydrates** 27g **9%**

Fiber 1g **4%**

Sugar 17g **19%**

 **Protein** 1g **2%**

**Vitamin A** 1690IU **34%**

 **Vitamin C** 51.2mg **62%**

 **Calcium** 16mg **2%**

 **Iron** 0.8mg **4%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Tried this recipe?Mention @SwasthisRecipes or tag #swasthisrecipes!

(C) Swasthi's Recipes

__WhatsApp

 __Share

 __Pin

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

**FOR MORE RECIPES**

Please leave this field empty

Enter & Confirm eMail ID for Swasthi's Recipes Newsletter *

Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.

  

## Post navigation

Previous Previous

Oats smoothie with fruits

NextContinue

Tomato cucumber sandwich recipe | Simple tomato cucumber sandwich recipe

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

21 Comments

__Inline Feedbacks

View all comments

liz

  
Delicious but insanely spicy! I used Sambal Olaek for the chili sauce, half a
jalepeno with the seeds and half a teaspoon of kashmiri chili powder and it
was way too hot! It was delicious but too hot. Any suggestions reduce the heat
but keep the flavor?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   liz

Hi Liz,  
The heat you got is from Sambal Oelek since it is made with hot chilies. You
can add little tomato ketchup to balance the heat. I use sweet chilli sauce.
Hope this helps. Thank you

Reply

Advertisement

Aditi

  
Hello Swathi Garu,  
I made this recipe and it came out very good. Thanks for sharing ?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Aditi

Hello Aditi  
You are welcome! Glad to know!  
üôÇ

Reply

Swapna Dey

  
Nicely demonstrated.  
Easy to follow

Reply

Ann

We made this today. Brined the prawn - it was a new learning. The whole dish
turned out great . Thanks for the simple easy to follow recipe.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Ann

Hi Ann  
You are welcome! Glad it turned out good. Thank you

Reply

Roro

  
Hi swasthi, very nice recipe! How do I make the marination batter stick(flour)
to the prawn? It doesn‚Äôt stick to it and mostly fell off while frying üôÅ but
the sauce came out great.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Roro

Hi Roro,  
Thank you! Sprinkling some water should help. If the prawns are not moist, the
flour will not stick to them. Alternately you can make a batter of the flour
but the prawns will have to be deep fried. Hope this helps

Reply

Kiran

  
Although I haven‚Äôt yet tried any of the recipes they all seem delicious and
easy!!!! Will try the chilli prawns today Thsnks!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Kiran

Hi Kiran,  
You are welcome! Thanks for rating the recipe. Hope you enjoy the dish!

Reply

Sangita Paul

  
Can I fry the shrimp and save it in the refrigerator for next day party?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Sangita Paul

Hi Sangita  
They don't taste good. Chilli prawns are best served immediately after frying
and adding them to sauce. The crispness and flavor of fried prawns will be
lost if made ahead.

Reply

Advertisement

Radhika

I used the brining method and my prawns turned out extremely salty. I followed
the recipe exactly as given.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Radhika

Hi Radhika  
Sorry to hear that. Brining doesn't make the prawns too salty as you
mentioned. But yes if you soak it for too long, prawns can absorb too much of
salt. The sauces you used may also have added to the saltiness. I had used
naturally brewed soya sauce that is low on salt. I guess the sauces have made
them salty.

Reply

Moumita Kundu

  
the recipe turned out perfect . Thank you .

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Moumita Kundu

Welcome Moumita

Reply

Sindhu

  
I am a great fan of yours.Whenever I plan a new dish I search for your
recipie. Your recipies are really tasy and easy.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Sindhu

Hi Sindhu,  
Thanks a lot for following the blog  
üôÇ

Reply

Manjula

  
Very good

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Manjula

Thanks Manjula

Reply

Advertisement

Advertisement

(C) 2022 Swasthi's Recipes

Insert

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Popular RecipesExpand child menuExpand

    * Matar Paneer
    * Butter Chicken
    * Chana Masala
    * Dal Makhani
    * Gobi Manchurian
    * Chicken Tikka Masala
  * SocialExpand child menuExpand

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Twitter
    * Pinterest
    * Youtube

Toggle Menu Close

Search for:

Search

