https://www.myspicykitchen.net/chili-garlic-shrimp/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Recipe Index
  * Food Photography
  * Subscribe
  * Search

MySpicyKitchen

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Recipe Index
  * Food Photography

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

×

Home » Recipes » Appetizers/Snacks

Published: Jun 4, 2021 · Modified: Jun 4, 2021 by Usha Rao

# Chili Garlic Shrimp Recipe

  *   *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe

**Chili garlic shrimp** is a delicious, easy, **under 15 minutes recipe**.
Shrimp is stir fried in dry red chilies infused oil along with lots of crushed
garlic. A must try appetizer and a side dish.

Jump to:

  * Recipe Inspiration 
  * Why this Recipe
  * Ingredients
  * Preparation 
  * Serving
  * Tips & Frequently Asked Questions
  * Related Recipes
  * Detailed, Printable Recipe

## Recipe Inspiration

Inspiration for this recipe is chili prawns we ate a Chinese restaurant in
Seneca Niagara Hotel Casino during one of our visits to Niagara Falls. Prawns
coated with a thin batter were deep fried and garnished with fried peanuts and
dry red chilies.

Flavor of the dry chilies with prawns was really good. Keeping that flavor in
mind, chili garlic shrimp is my take on chili prawns from that restaurant.

This inspired recipe is now a regular at home, along with the regular shrimp
pakoda, shrimp curry and shrimp dum biryani. We love prawns and is a regular
at home. Check out more shrimp recipes from my kitchen.

## Why this Recipe

Chili garlic prawns or shrimp requires minimal basic kitchen ingredients and
cooks under 15 minutes. It is filled with flavor and, works both as an
appetizer and a side dish for rice & bread.

Infuse oil and butter with dry red chili peppers, saute prawns in infused oil
with crushed garlic for a lip smacking appetizer. It is an easy peasy recipe!
For green chilies and black pepper flavor, check sauteed shrimp.

## Ingredients

Dry red chilies missing in the frame.

**Shrimp** \- use good quality and decent size shrimp. We prefer 16-20 count
shrimp and 26/30 count also works for this recipe. Use fresh or fully thawed
frozen shrimp for a tasty chili shrimp.

**Red Chilies** \- One of the main seasoning ingredients for this recipe is
dry chilies. I use dry red chilies from Indian store. Use any red chilies and
adjust the number of chilies according to heat level of chilies and your
tolerance level.

**Garlic** \- We love garlic and am liberal with it's usage. Finely chopped
garlic works best but coarsely crushed works as well and that is what I do.

**Oil/Butter** \- Use combination of oil and butter or only oil, as per your
dietary needs. Do add at least a 1-2 teaspoons for added flavor. Prawns taste
amazing cooked in butter and a teaspoons or two goes a long way.

**Other Ingredients** \- Chili powder, cumin and salt are the other
ingredients. Though recipe calls for red chilies, for extra heat, add some
chili powder or cayenne pepper. This recipe does not require any chili garlic
sauce.

## Preparation

Time consuming process of the preparation is cleaning prawns. Once that is
done, **cook time is 10-15 minutes** maximum. Hence purchase fresh, cleaned
ones from the seafood counter to cut down on prep time.

When using frozen ones, thaw it well before cooking. Check the **recipe card
for detailed recipe**.

**Clean shrimp** \- Thaw completely if frozen, peel and remove the vein using
a knife or the thumb nail. If the shrimps/prawns are smelly, rub some lime
juice/vinegar/yogurt and salt. Let it sit for few minutes. Then wash it
several times to wash off the salt and lime juice.

**Marinate** \- This is an optional step. Marinate cleaned shrimp with some
salt and chili powder for 10 minutes to up to one hour.

**Stir Fry** \- Use either a cast iron pan or a nonstick pan for the
preparation. Heat oil and/or butter and roast red chilies (images #1-2). Then
add shrimp and stir fry for few minutes until they curl up (image #3-4).

Add crushed garlic and cumin, chili powder and salt (image #5). Stir fry until
garlic is light brown, shrimp is succulent and tender (image #6). Do not over
cook.

## Serving

Serve it as a starter with some lemon wedges on the side or as a side dish
with rice. With liberal amount of oil/butter, serve it some bread and the
butter/oil works as a great dip for the bread.

## Tips & Frequently Asked Questions

**Which size shrimp to use? What to determine the size of the shrimp?**

Size of the shrimp depends on shrimp count. 16-20 or 26-30 count you see on
the packet depends on the size of the shrimp. 16-20 count means you get 16-20
pieces of shrimp per pound. 26-30 count means you get 26 - 30 shrimps per
pound.

**Shrimp is very smelly? How to get rid of the smell?**

After peeling and deveining, rub some salt and lime juice or yogurt or vinegar
to shrimp. Let sit for few minutes and wash shrimp several times in clean
water.

## Related Recipes

  * Shrimp Biryani

  * Indo Chinese Chili Shrimp Gravy

  * Broiled Shrimp Foil Packets

  * Shrimp Pakoda ~ Fried Shrimp

## Detailed, Printable Recipe

## Chili Garlic Shrimp

Chili garlic shrimp is a quick, easy under 15 minutes spicy starter. Serve it
as a snack, appetizer or as a side dish with rice.

5 from 2 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Appetizer, Side Dish

Cuisine: American, Indo American

Prep Time: 10 minutes

Cook Time: 15 minutes

Peeling Shrimp: 15 minutes

Servings: 3

Calories: 312kcal

Author: Usha Rao

### Equipment

  * 10" Frying or Saute Pan (cast iron or nonstick)

  * Wooden Spoon

  * Mixing Bowl

### Ingredients

#### For Cleaning Shrimp

  * 1 lb Shrimp peeled and deveined (I used jumbo shrimp, 16 – 20ct. with shell on)
  * ½ teaspoon Salt opt. to be used when washing the shrimp
  * 2 teaspoon Lime/Lemon Juice or Yogurt or Vinegar

#### Marinade

  * 1 teaspoon Chili Powder
  * ½ teaspoon Salt

#### Stir Fry

  * 2 tablespoon Oil can use another tablespoon. Check note below.
  * 1 tablespoon Butter optional
  * 5 Dry Red Chilies
  * 6 large Cloves of Garlic
  * 1 teaspoon Cumin Seeds
  * 1 tsp  Chili Powder adjust to taste and can use another. teaspoon depending on heat tolerance level.
  * ½ tsp  Salt adjust to taste

### Instructions

#### Clean Shrimp

  * Peel & devein shrimp.

  * This step is optional. I usually skip this step but follow it when shrimp is smelly. Rub ½ teaspoon salt & lime juice to shrimp and let stand for few minutes. Wash several times under running water.

  * Squeeze excess water from the shrimp and keep aside in a bowl.

#### Marinate

  * Add 1 teaspoon of chili powder & salt to shrimp and mix well. Keep aside for at least 10 minutes.

#### Stir Fry

  * Crush together garlic and cumin seeds. When crushed, it would be about 1½ - 2 tbsp.

  * In a 10” pan, take oil and butter (if using). When oil is hot, add whole or broken dry red chilies and saute until chilies change color.

  * Add shrimp and saute on medium high until shrimp curl up a little, about 3-5 minutes. Turn or stir the shrimp for even cooking.

  * When shrimp are 75% cooked, add crushed garlic, remaining chili powder, salt and stir.

  * Continue to cook until shrimp are curled and well cooked. Keep stirring the shrimp for even cooking.

  * Taste the shrimp and adjust salt & chili powder to taste.

  * Serve hot as an appetizer with/without bread or as a side dish with rice.

### Notes

  * **Oil** \- I usually make it with only oil. But when in mood for some indulgence, I use half oil and butter. I usually use 2 - 2½ of oil, in which case, keep an eye on shrimp and recommend a nonstick pan. You can easily use up to 4 tablespoon of oil.
  * **Butter** \- is optional but highly recommend using at least 1 -2 teaspoon of oil. Use 2-4 tablespoon of oil+butter combined.
  * **Shrimp** \- Recommend big shrimp and I usually use 16-26 count. 26-30 count also works.
  * **Frozen Shrimp** \- when using frozen shrimp, thaw shrimp completely before cooking. I prefer shell on frozen shrimp. It is extra work to peel the shrimp but it is worth the extra labor. If using peeled frozen shrimp, make sure shrimp is fully thawed.
  * **Dry Chilies** \- I used chilies from Indian store. Use any dry chilies of your choice and adjust the quantity as per the heat level of the chilies and your taste.
  * **Nutrition** \- Nutritional values are approximate values.

### Nutrition

Serving: 6pieces | Calories: 312kcal | Carbohydrates: 10g | Protein: 33g |
Fat: 16g | Saturated Fat: 3g | Trans Fat: 1g | Cholesterol: 391mg | Sodium:
2014mg | Potassium: 426mg | Fiber: 2g | Sugar: 4g | Vitamin A: 1235IU |
Vitamin C: 116mg | Calcium: 253mg | Iron: 5mg

Tried this recipe?Share a photo! Mention @usha_myspicykitchen or tag
#Usha_MySpicyKitchen!

**Like this recipe? Pin It for later!**

Signup to the newsletter to receive latest updates from MySpicyKitchen.

**_This post was originally published in Sep 2015. Republished with new
content and images._**

« Onion Egg Curry ~ Ulligadda Ukkera

Spice Rubbed Grilled Chicken Recipe »

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Narmadha says

July 07, 2021 at 1:46 pm

  
I tried this chilli garlic shrimp for weekend dinner and everyone loved it a
lot. So simple and easy recipe too. Thanks for sharing.

Reply

  2. Radha says

June 21, 2021 at 8:03 pm

  
Love your take on restaurant food. Sounds delicious and lovely clicks.

Reply

  3. Rafeeda - The Big Sweet Tooth says

June 12, 2021 at 2:49 pm

The masala for the shrimps sounds super delicious. I can't have shrimps due to
allergy issues but surely I can try this for my folks.

Reply

  4. Vaishali says

June 11, 2021 at 4:23 am

Usha , this must be a treat for shrimp lovers, and the pics as usual are
awesome.

Reply

  5. Suma Gandlur says

June 08, 2021 at 4:35 pm

It must be a great snack for shrimp lovers. BTW do you cook in that cast iron
pan and how do you season it?

Reply

    * Usha Rao says

June 09, 2021 at 7:04 am

Sometimes I do Suma. This time I cooked in the cast iron pan. I wash it with,
immediately wipe dry. Sometimes I even apply few drops of oil and then store.
Once a year or twice a year if I feel it needs deep seasoning I apply oil and
put it in the oven for 1 - 2 hours.

Reply

  6. cookingwithsapana says

October 02, 2015 at 11:25 am

The shrimp looks very inviting , would have tasted great. Love reading your
post.

Reply

  7. Pavani says

October 01, 2015 at 9:36 pm

Lovely clicks Usha. Going to read your travel posts next.

Reply

  8. Sandhiya says

September 30, 2015 at 5:44 am

Nice clicks,great recipe for shrimp lovers

Reply

  9. srividhya says

September 29, 2015 at 3:00 pm

I am sure shrimp lovers would love this. Travel based recipe theme is great
too.

Reply

  10. Priya Srinivasan says

September 29, 2015 at 4:50 am

Oh what a beautiful setup usha!! Lovely clicks

Reply

  11. Vaishali Sabnani says

September 28, 2015 at 8:39 am

Beautiful clicks and a super set up..love those bottles and specially the
cap..absolutely stunning Usha

Reply

  12. Srivalli says

September 28, 2015 at 8:14 am

The pictures are stunning Usha..what a lovely composition!...and glad you
share the first recipe..I am so senti about the first one too as that's what
makes us go ahead!

Reply

  13. Priya says

September 28, 2015 at 5:15 am

Hard to resist to this beautiful shrimps, my mouth is watering, definitely a
fabulous treat to seafood lovers like me..

Reply

  14. Sowmya says

September 28, 2015 at 1:50 am

the masala is looking yumm!!! great option for shrimp lovers!!

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi, I am Usha!** Welcome to my space. I am the content creator and
photographer here. I love cooking and all the recipes on the site are tried
and tested in my kitchen.

More about me →

* * *

### Popular

  * Bread Canapes Recipe

  * Easy Shrimp Noodle Soup Chinese Style

  * Baked Chicken Empanadas

  * Omani Shuwa ~ Slow Cooked Lamb

* * *

### Web Stories

MySpicyKitchen web stories link

### Finger Food

  * Party Shrimp Recipe

  * Arizona Cheese Crisps

  * 3 Ingredient Bacon Wrapped Jalapeno Poppers

  * Fiesta Pinwheels, Yummy Party Food

### Curry Recipes

  * Lima Beans Curry, Video Recipe

  * Onion Egg Curry ~ Ulligadda Ukkera

  * Chikkudukaya Kura - Indian Broad Beans Fry

  * Gutti Vankaya Masala - Stuffed Baby Eggplant Curry

### Web Stories

Sesame Seeds Rice, South Indian Style

Oats Upma, Instant Pot Recipe

Gujarati Mag Recipe ~ Moong Bean Curry

View all stories

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * Privacy Policy

### Newsletter

  * Subscribe

### Contact

  * Know Me

Copyright © 2022 **MySpicyKitchen**

Sesame Seeds Rice, South Indian Style Oats Upma, Instant Pot Recipe Gujarati
Mag Recipe ~ Moong Bean Curry

