https://theflavoursofkitchen.com/chili-garlic-shrimp/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * All Recipes
  * Chicken Recipes
  * Soups and Stews
  * Instant Pot Recipes
  * Pasta and Noodles
  * About
  * Search

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * All Recipes
  * Chicken Recipes
  * Soups and Stews
  * Instant Pot Recipes
  * Pasta and Noodles
  * About

* ×

Home » Recipes » Side dish

Last Updated: Mar 5, 2021 by Subhasmita

# Chili Garlic Shrimp

Recipe

**_Shrimp and a few other pantry staples turned into this lip-smacking Chili
Garlic Shrimp in less than 20 minutes. It is spicy, garlicky, and has loads of
fresh cilantro._**

Pin

It is amazing how a handful of ingredients is transformed into this delicious
Chili Garlic Shrimp. You need Butter, garlic, chili, a dash of lemon, and tons
of fresh cilantro for this recipe. You can serve it as an appetizer or serve
it with rice topped with pan juice.

I love Shrimp recipes because it is quick to make, shrimp when cooked itself
adds so much flavor to the pan juice.

Pin

## Spicy Garlic Shrimp but You are gonna love it

At first sight, the amount of chilli might sound alarming but believe me it's
the kind of spicy you will keep coming back to. I might sound a little partial
because this Prawn recipe has all of my favorite ingredients.

A good dash of white wine gives a depth of flavour, there is lemon to balance
the spice and lots of fresh cilantro for a herby freshness.

If fresh red chili is not something you prefer, use some mild chili peppers or
red chili flakes to your taste.

## Cooking Chili Garlic Shrimp

I call this a lazy shrimp recipe. Do you know why? because it doesn't take
more than 15 minutes to make this. No chopping cutting required. Whatever prep
that is needed can be done while the skillet is getting heated.

Cooking shrimp is again very quick, else you would end up with hard chewy
ones.

  * If you get hold of fresh shrimp it is better else frozen shrimps also work. Thaw it completely before cooking. Either case devein and clean the shrimps really well to avoid any unpleasant taste. 
  * Keep chopped garlic, red chili, and cilantro ready. 

Pin

  * Melt butter and add a dash of oil to prevent it from burning. Cook chopped garlic until aromatic. It won't take a lot of time for the garlic to get brown or burn, so keep an eye. 
  * Next, is to cook the wine down until it has reduced to half. It is important to reduce the wine, else you will get alcohol like after taste. 

Pin

  * Add shrimps, paprika, chopped red chili and salt. Toss well and let the shrimp cook undisturbed 2 minutes on each side. 
  * If the pan looks too dry add ¼ cup of water, lemon juice, and fresh cilantro . Ta da!!! we are done. 

Pin

## Serving Suggestion

These spicy Chili Shrimps can be served as appetizer or as a main course.
Serve it over rice for a complete meal.

Also works wonderfully as Taco filling.

## More Shrimp Recipes

_**Shrimp stir fry**_

**_Easy Garlic Butter Shrimp and Vegetable Skillet_**

_**Cajun Shrimp and Rice**_

_**Thai Shrimp Curry**_

Pin

## 15 minutes Chili Garlic Shrimps

_**Shrimp and a few other pantry staples turned into this lip-smacking Chili
Garlic Shrimp in less than 20 minutes. It is spicy, garlicky, and has loads of
fresh cilantro.**_

5 from 1 vote

Print Pin Rate

Course: Appetizer, Main Course

Cuisine: Asian

Prep Time: 5 minutes

Cook Time: 10 minutes

Servings: 4 servings

Calories: 160kcal

Author: Subhasmita

### Ingredients

  * 400 grams  / 1 pound Shrimp raw, cleaned, and deveined
  * 1.5  tablespoon  Butter
  * 1 teaspoon  Oil
  * 1 tablespoon minced garlic
  * ¼ cup white wine (ref note 1)
  * ½ teaspoon  paprika
  * ½ teaspoon paprika
  * 1 teaspoon lemon Juice
  * ⅓ chopped cilantro

### Instructions

  * Heat butter and oil. Add minced garlic. Cook it until fragrant. 

  * Add white wine to the pan and let it cook until it has reduced to half the quantity and doesn't smell like alcohol.

  * Add Shrimp, paprika, chopped red chili. Toss everything well. Spread it in a single layer and cook undisturbed for 3 minutes.

  * Turn and cook the shrimps for another 2 minutes. 

  * Take off the gas. Add lemon juice, chopped cilantro. Toss well and serve. 

### Nutrition

Serving: 1serving | Calories: 160kcal | Carbohydrates: 1g | Protein: 21g |
Fat: 7g | Saturated Fat: 3g | Trans Fat: 1g | Cholesterol: 263mg | Sodium:
816mg | Potassium: 105mg | Fiber: 1g | Sugar: 1g | Vitamin A: 378IU | Vitamin
C: 5mg | Calcium: 149mg | Iron: 2mg

Tried this recipe?Mention @theflavoursofkitchen or tag #theflavoursofkitchen

Yummly240PinterestFacebookTwitterTelegramWhatsAppCopy

240

SHARES

## More Side dish

  * Pecan Honey Roasted Carrot

  * Cheesy Ranch Potatoes

  * Herbed Garlic Butter Rice

  * Creamy Apple Slaw With Cranberries

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Don't subscribe All Replies to my comments Notify me of followup comments via
e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting.

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

###  **Hi, I'm Subha** !

I love cooking and trying new recipes. Here you will find recipes of food that
we love and which my family devours happily. More about me →

### Popular

  * Instant Pot Garlic Herb Chicken and Rice

  * Slow Cooker Mexican Chicken Soup

  * Italian Sausage & Orzo Soup

  * Sweet Chili Pineapple Sauce (Video Recipe)

### Latest

  * Pasta Alla Norma (Eggplant pasta)

  * Air Fryer Salmon

  * One-Pot Lemon Pasta

  * Roasted Lemon Pepper Zucchini

##

###  **Hi, I'm Subha** !

I love cooking and trying new recipes. Here you will find recipes of food that
we love and which my family devours happily. More about me →

### Popular

  * Coconut Ice Cream (No Ice Cream Maker)

  * Sweet and Spicy Boneless Chicken Thighs

  * Oven Baked Creamy Chicken Thighs

  * Instant Pot Chicken In Creamy Tomato Sauce

### Latest

  * Salmon Pasta in Creamy Lemon Sauce

  * Creamy Ranch Chicken

  * Cucumber Strawberry Salad

  * Pan-Seared Mediterranean Lamb Chop

##

Copyright© 2022 · The Flavours of Kitchen · Privacy Policy · Managed By Host
My Blog

240

240

SHARES

Share to...

BufferCopyEmailFacebookFlipboardHacker
NewsLineLinkedInMessengerMixPinterestPocketPrintRedditSMSTelegramTumblrTwitterVKWhatsAppXingYummly

