https://www.food.com/recipe/szechwan-shrimp-chili-shrimp-121267


  * Recipes
    * Breakfast & Brunch Recipes 
    * Lunch Recipes 
    * Appetizers & Snack Recipes 
    * Dinner Recipes 
    * Dessert Recipes 
    * Drink & Cocktail Recipes 
    * Side Dish Recipes 
    * Grilling & BBQ Recipes 
    * Microwave Recipes 
    * Quick & Easy Recipes 
    * Slow-Cooker Recipes 
    * Air Fryer Recipes 
    * Instant Pot Recipes 
    * Baking Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Popular
    * Trending Now 
    * Casserole Recipes 
    * Chili Recipes 
    * Soup Recipes 
    * Pasta Recipes 
    * Bread Recipes 
    * Cookie Recipes 
    * Salad Recipes 
    * Tofu Recipes 
    * Copycat Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Meat & Seafood
    * Chicken Recipes 
    * Salmon Recipes 
    * Pork Chop Recipes 
    * Ground Beef Recipes 
    * Shrimp Recipes 
  * Healthy & Diet
    * Keto Recipes 
    * Healthy Recipes 
    * Vegetarian Recipes 
    * Vegan Recipes 
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes 
    * Weight Watchers Recipes 
    * Low-Carb Recipes 
    * Gluten-Free Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Holidays
    * Dinner Party Recipes 
    * Game Day Recipes 
    * Valentine's Day Recipes 
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes 
    * Easter Recipes 
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes 
    * Mother's Day Recipes 
    * Memorial Day Recipes 
    * Juneteenth Recipes 
    * 4th of July Recipes 
    * Halloween Recipes 
    * Thanksgiving Recipes 
    * Hanukkah Recipes 
    * Christmas Recipes 
    * New Year's Recipes 
  * Cuisine
    * Mexican Recipes 
    * Italian Recipes 
    * Indian Recipes 
    * Thai Recipes 
    * Korean Recipes 
    * French Recipes 
    * Latin American Recipes 
    * Chinese Recipes 
    * Japanese Recipes 
    * Spanish Recipes 
  * Seasonal
    * Spring Recipes 
    * Summer Recipes 
    * Fall Recipes 
    * Winter Recipes 
    * See More 

icons / profile

icons / arrow / arrow-left

  1. Recipes 
  2. One Dish Meal 

Editors' Pick

# Szechwan Shrimp (Chili Shrimp)

40

Recipe by Jessica K

40

People talking

Join In Now  Join the conversation!

  *   *   *   *   * MORE 

Save Recipe

I found this on a website and tweaked it, after having this in several
restaraunts while living overseas. I cannot find it anyplace stateside so this
is the best interpretation of Chili shrimp I could find.

Ready In:

    30mins

Serves:

     1-2 

Units:

     US 

icons / print PRINT RECIPE

  * icons / email
  * icons / social / pinterest
  * icons / social / facebook

40

People talking

Join In Now  Join the conversation!

## ingredients

Nutrition

  * 1⁄2 lb shrimp, peeled and deveined 
  * 2 -3  garlic cloves, minced 
  * 2  teaspoons ginger, grated 
  * 1  teaspoon dried red chili pepper (or chili flakes)
  * 3  scallions, minced 
  * 3  tablespoons sesame oil
  * 2  tablespoons sherry wine
  * 2  tablespoons ketchup
  * 2  tablespoons chili sauce
  * 1  teaspoon cornstarch, mixed with 
  * 2  tablespoons water

## directions

  * In wok or skillet over medium-high heat, heat oil until hot. Saute Shrimp, garlic, ginger, scallions and chile. Cook a few minutes.
  * Add sherry, ketchup, chili sauce, and cornstarch mixture and continue to cook, stirring constantly, until shrimp are done. Serve with rice.
  * Sometimes I dust the shrimp with flour before putting them in the oil, to make it like Chen's on iron chef! Enjoy!

Submit a Recipe Correction

#### MY PRIVATE NOTES

Add a Note

Advertisement

Advertisement

### RECIPE MADE WITH LOVE BY

Follow Me

@Jessica K

Contributor

@Jessica K

Contributor

"I found this on a website and tweaked it, after having this in several
restaraunts while living overseas. I cannot find it anyplace stateside so this
is the best interpretation of Chili shrimp I could find."

  * ###### recipes

108

  * ###### tweaks

20

  * ###### photos

199

icons / sparkles / sparkles

### JOIN THE CONVERSATION

icons / sparkles / sparkles

icons / camera

upload

icons / star / star-outline

review

icons / write-a-review

tweak

icons / question

ask

all

reviews

tweaks

q&a

sort by: most popularmost recent icons / navigate / navigate-down

  1. review by  Ann F. 

1/22/2019

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

Easy to make and really was hot. I'm glad I tried it, but won't make it again
as it was ok.

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  2. review by  John C. 

8/6/2016

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

I tried this out of curiosity. However, this uses far too much sesame oil,
which other recipes rarely use for this type of szechwan dish.

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  3. review by  Christine H. 

11/2/2015

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

Question: Can this receipe be frozen after cooking?

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  4. review by  Vincent S. 

7/22/2015

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

Good recipe! Just changed a few things... Added chopped water chestnuts and
celery with crescent sliced white onions.(to give it some crunch factor) Also
added a bit of fish sauce, brown sugar and lime juice. I used siracha sauce
instead of catsup (yuck). The water chestnuts,celery, green onions and white
onions went in last, just long enough to get them hot then served on good
steamed jasmine rice, all topped with fresh cilantro, delicious!

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  5. tweak by  Vincent S. 

7/22/2015

Good recipe! Just changed a few things... Added chopped water chestnuts and
celery with crescent sliced white onions.(to give it some crunch factor) Also
added a bit of fish sauce, brown sugar and lime juice. I used siracha sauce
instead of catsup (yuck). The water chestnuts,celery, green onions and white
onions went in last, just long enough to get them hot then served on good
steamed jasmine rice, all topped with fresh cilantro, delicious!

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

see 48 more icons / navigate / navigate-down

Advertisement

### YOU'LL ALSO LOVE

58 Easy Shrimp Recipes to Make for ...

58 photos

How to Make Meatball Sub Kolaches

28 Springtime Salads for Easter

42 Ideas for a Ham-Free Easter Dinn...

View All Recipes

### RELATED PAGES

Thai Shrimp and Mango Fried RiceSzechuan ShrimpCoconut Sesame ShrimpRed Chili
ShrimpThai Ginger & Sweet Red Chili ShrimpDynasty Thai ShrimpSzechwan
ShrimpChili ShrimpHot Chili Shrimp

View Suggestions

BACK TO TOP

icons / social / facebook icons / social / pinterest icons / social / twitter
icons / social / youtube icons / email

  * All Categories 
  * Site Map 
  * About Us 
  * Help 

The Discovery Family of Networks

  * HGTV
  * DIY Network
  * Food Network
  * Cooking Channel
  * Travel Channel
  * HGTV Poland

© 2022 Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. or its subsidiaries and affiliates. All
rights reserved.

  * Advertise
  * AdChoices
  * Privacy Notice
  * Visitor Agreement

California Privacy Notice CA Do Not Sell My Info

