https://lookandcook.com/recipe/chilli-chicken-recipe


__

  * My Recipes
  * Shopping List
  * Discover
  * Read
  * _Login_
    * Signup

Pause __

Watch Video

Cook __1 2 3

Prepare with Step by Step Video

* * *

# CHILLI CHICKEN RECIPE

Chilli chicken Recipe (#LC14017):Spice up your weekend by cooking up a tasty
helping of Chilli Chicken. One bite of this delicious dish, and you would beg
for your weekends to come sooner!

____

____

* * *

Prep Time : 2 Hour , 10 Min

Cooking Time : 25 Min

Resting Time : 2 hour , 35 Min

Ingredients

Instructions

Equipment

* * *

##### Recipe Recommendations

CHEESY MEATBALL BAKE

### CHEESY MEATBALL BAKE

* * *

Look and Cook

__30 M

GREEN LAMB CHOPS RECIPE

Green Lamb chops recipe (#LC14050): Our succulent Green chops are grilled till
just right, slathered with a mariande of coriander, mint and green chillies to
make a dish fit for the kings.

### GREEN LAMB CHOPS RECIPE

* * *

Look and Cook

__6 H , 10 M

CHICKEN AND LEEKS VOL AU VENT RECIPE

CHICKEN AND LEEKS VOL AU VENT RECIPE (#LC14099): Chicken leeks vol au vent
recipe is a little puff pastry cases that are filled with chicken and leeks.
The filling can be made with mushrooms and leeks as well which will be called
mushroom and leeks vol au vent. A delicious canape that you should try!
Garnish it with dry parsely and dill.

### CHICKEN AND LEEKS VOL AU VENT RECIPE

* * *

Look and Cook

__50 M

TANDOORI CHICKEN RECIPE

Tandoori Chicken (#LC14013): Tandoori chicken is a grilled chicken marinated
with yogurt, lemon juices and plenty of spices in the oven. Traditionally this
marinated chicken is made in a 'Tandoor' - a type of cylindrical clay oven,
thus got the name Tandoori chicken.

### TANDOORI CHICKEN RECIPE

* * *

Look and Cook

__1 H , 20 M

* * *

##### Ingredient

Egg

1 Number

All Purpose flour

2 Tablespoon

Cornflour

8 Tablespoon

Soy sauce

1 Teaspoon

Sweet chilli sauce

4 Tablespoon

Water

As required

Tomato Ketchup

2 Tablespoon

Chicken

500 Grams

Boneless

Salt

to taste

Vegetable Oil

300 Milliliter

Garlic

1 Teaspoon

Chopped

Vegetable Oil

2 Tablespoon

Onions

150 Grams

Cut into Square

Green Capsicum

2 Tablespoon

Cut into Square

green chilli

4 Number

Sliced

Vinegar

1 Teaspoon

Red chilli powder

2 Tablespoon

Black pepper ground

1 Teaspoon

Add to shopping list

* * *

##### How to make chilli chicken recipe?

1\. The ingredients quantity can be set as per your serving requirement under
Change Serving. We recommend you set it prior to the start.

2\. For the marinate: Combine egg,all purpose flour, corn flour, soya sauce,
sweet chilli sauce, tomato ketchup and water.

3\. Add salt and marinate the boneless chicken pieces with the marinating
mixture for 1-2 hours.

4\. Heat oil in a pan and deep fry the marinated chicken pieces until golden
brown. Drain it on an absorbent paper and keep aside.

5\. For the sauce: Heat oil in a wok on medium flame and add garlic. Stir fry
for a minute.

6\. Add onions and green capsicum and saute for few minutes.

7\. Add green chillies, chilli sauce, vinegar, red chilli powder and salt and
stir fry.

8\. Add the dissolved corn flour to it and combine and stir well continuously.

9\. Then finally add the fried chicken pieces. Cook on high heat and stir fry
to the desired thickness.

10\. Chilli chicken is served best with fried rice or noodles.

* * *

##### Equipment

Absorbent paper

Chopping Board

Cooking Pot - Kadai

Knife

Mixing Bowl

Skimmer

Spoon Wooden

Whisk

* * *

##### Cuisines

Chinese Recipes

##### Keywords

chicken dishes  chilli chicken  chilli chicken chinese recipe  chilly chicken
chinese recipes  dry chilli chicken  indo chinese chilli chicken  indo chinese
recipe

×

Shopping List

  * All 0 Items

  * My Items

0 items

Sort by :

Recipe

Final Result

My items

Household

Condiments

Take 0 items shopping

Copy Link Send List Print

×

Household

Take 0 items shopping

  
Copy Link Send List Print

  

#### Shopping List With 0 Items

  

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

### Company

  * About Us
  * Contact Us
  * Food Photography
  * Advertise With Us
  * Subscription Plan

### Support

  * FAQ
  * Terms and Conditions Of Use
  * Privacy Policy
  * Refund Policy

