https://www.indianhealthyrecipes.com/chilli-chicken-dry-recipe-indo-chinese-style/


Skip to content

Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About

Search

Toggle Menu

Search

# Chilli Chicken Recipe

Home >> Recipes >> Chicken Recipes

Byswasthi

580 Comments

__WhatsApp

 __Share 2K

 __Pin 43K

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

45K Shares

**Chilli chicken recipe** - Learn how to make chilli chicken gravy & dry
restaurant style recipe with step by step photos. **Chilli chicken** is one of
the **most popular Indo-Chinese** style chicken appetizer or starter that is
served in Indo-Chinese restaurants. Vegetarian alternates are made with
paneer, mushroom, potato and tofu.

* * *

If you are new to Indo-chinese foods, then read on to know ..

## What is Chilli Chicken?

Chilli chicken is a sweet, spicy & slightly sour crispy appetizer made with
chicken, bell peppers, garlic, chilli sauce & soya sauce.

This crisp fried saucy chilli chicken recipe is hands down the best that you
can make at home. There are so many ways this chicken appetizer is made. The
recipe shared on this post is my own which has been much loved by my friends &
family.

To make the best Chinese chilli chicken, boneless cubes are marinated in soya
sauce, chili sauce and pepper. Then deep fried until crisp. Later they are
seasoned again in flavorful sauces.

This chilli chicken has a burst of flavors & tastes delicious. These tender
bites taste mildly hot, sweet and sour. It is best served hot as an appetizer
or with  
 **Veg fried rice  
Schezwan fried rice  
Hakka noodles  
Schezwan noodles**

### Is chilli chicken very spicy?

Most people assume it to be too hot & spicy. It is not very spicy. Chilli
chicken has a right balance of sweet, spice & sour tastes. My young kids too
enjoy this without any problem. You may reduce the spice levels by skipping
green chilies.

You may like these **70 chicken recipes**  
 **Chicken manchurian  
Chicken lollipop  
KFC style fried chicken  
Chicken 65**

Advertisement

## How to Make Chilli Chicken (Stepwise Photos)

### Preparation

1\. To a bowl, add 250 grams of cubed boneless chicken, 1 ½ tsp soya sauce, 1
½ tsp chili sauce and ¼ tsp pepper powder.

2\. Sprinkle cornflour, plain flour if using and salt on the chicken. If you
like to have a thick crunchy coating of the flour like we get in restaurants,
add 1 tbsp more of plain flour and 1 tbsp more of corn flour.

Pour egg white only as needed. You can also use water if you have brined the
chicken. Do not use a lot of liquid.

Mix well to coat. If the chicken is too dry, sprinkle little water or more egg
white and mix.

3\. Add chilli powder or paprika and mix again. This helps to get a good
color. This is optional.

4\. This is how the chicken looks. If you add too much egg or water or make a
batter, it will absorb lot of oil and will not turn crispy.

### Fry chicken

5\. Heat oil until hot enough. Shallow fry or deep fry the pieces until
golden. Drain off on the kitchen tissue. It can also be grilled in a preheated
oven at 240 C for 20 to 25 minutes depending on the size of the pieces.You can
as well put them on a skewer and grill.

Advertisement

6\. Prepare the sauce for seasoning in a bowl. This way you will not end up
using more sauces. Add 1 tbsp soya sauce, ¾ to 1 tsp. vinegar, ½ to 1 tsp.
sugar, ½ tsp. red chilli powder or paprika, 2 tbsps red chilli sauce & 2 tbsps
ketchup to a bowl.

Mix together all of these with 2 to 3 tbsps water. Sauce must be thick yet of
pouring consistency. I am using red chilli powder here again for the color.

### Season Chilli Chicken

7\. Heat 1.5 tbsps oil in the pan on a high flame. Add garlic and fry for a
minute. Add onions, green chilies, spring onions and capsicum. Fry until they
turn slightly tender. They must still keep the crunch.

Advertisement

8\. Add the sauces and allow to bubble.

9\. Add the chicken and toss. Fry on high for 1 minutes till it looks dry.

Serve chilli chicken hot as a appetizer.

## Pro Tips

Usually in the restaurant made chinese chilli chicken, ajjinomotto or
monosodium glutamate (MSG) is used to give a unique flavor to it. Trust me!
you can still make the best with out it.

Food color is also used to bring the deep red color, avoid that as well and
just stick on to the best quality chilli powder or paprika for a vibrant
color.

The restaurant served appetizer most often makes us grease sick and tend to
dehydrate a lot. For a healthier option you can shallow fry or grill the
chicken, details mentioned in the instructions below.

Try this at home! I am sure you will ditch the restaurants & make this best
chilli chicken again.

If you wish to brine the chicken first as they do in restaurants to yield
tender juicy bites, please check the notes in the recipe card.

Advertisement

**To make the best out of the chilli chicken recipe** I suggest using kashmiri
chili powder or paprika and saute well in the sauces on high flame which also
lends a smoky flavor. If you do not use enough chili powder, the final dish
may not get a good color. So try adding more or less than mentioned in the
recipe.

**Related Recipes**

### Chicken manchuria...

### Chicken Lollipop ...

### KFC fried chicken...

### Chicken 65 Recipe

### Hakka Noodles Rec...

### Schezwan Fried Ri...

## Recipe Card

Advertisement

## Chilli Chicken Recipe

The best Indo chinese chilli chicken appetizer made with crisp fried chicken
tossed in sweet sour & spicy chilli sauce. Pair it with hot stir fried noodles
or fried rice.

Pin Recipe Print Recipe

1x2x3x

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

For best results follow the step-by-step photos above the recipe card

Prep Time30 minutes

Cook Time30 minutes

Total Time1 hour

Servings3 people

AuthorSwasthi

### Ingredients (US cup = 240ml )

  * ▢ ¼ cup Oil  or more for deep frying

#### To Fry the Chicken

  * ▢ 250 grams chicken boneless cubes (½ lb)
  * ▢ 1 ½ teaspoon red chilli sauce (sweet & spicy, less spicy kind)
  * ▢ 1 ½ teaspoon soya sauce (naturally brewed)
  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon pepper powder (crushed pepper)
  * ▢ 2 to 3 tablespoons cornstarch (white corn flour)
  * ▢ 1½ to 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour  (maida) (optional)
  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon red chili powder (optional) or paprika or red chilli paste
  * ▢ ⅛ teaspoon Salt  or as needed
  * ▢ 1 egg white (use only as needed) or 2 tbsps water (refer notes)

#### Seasoning for chilli chicken

  * ▢ 1 tablespoon soya sauce (naturally brewed)
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons red chilli sauce (adjust to taste) (sweet and spicy)
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons tomato ketchup
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon red chilli powder (optional) or paprika or red chili paste
  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon pepper powder
  * ▢ ¾ to 1 teaspoon vinegar (any or apple cider)
  * ▢ ½ to 1 teaspoon sugar
  * ▢ 2 to 3 tablespoons water

#### Other ingredients (veggies)

  * ▢ 1½ tbsp oil
  * ▢ 1 medium  onion thinly sliced or cubed
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon garlic fine chopped
  * ▢ ¼ to ½ cup bell pepper (capsicum) - cubed 
  * ▢ 1 to 2 green chilies slit and deseeded (optional)
  * ▢ 1 sprig  spring onion or scallions chopped (optional)
  * ▢ 1 to 3 tablespoon Spring onion greens for garnish

Advertisement

### Instructions

#### Preparation

  * ▢

**(Optional)** If you prefer to skip the egg in the recipe, it is good to
brine the chicken to keep it juicy, succulent and to prevent from drying up.
Follow the instruction in recipe notes below.

  * ▢

Slice chicken to bite sized pieces about half inch cubes. Add chicken to a
mixing bowl. Ensure it is drained completely.

  * ▢

Add soya sauce, red chilli sauce, black pepper powder, red chili powder
(optional) and salt. (Quantities as mentioned under the section "To Fry the
Chicken").

  * ▢

Then sprinkle corn flour & plain flour.

  * ▢

Add the egg white or water just as needed to bind the flour with the chicken.
If the mixture is dry add more egg white or sprinkle some water.

  * ▢

Set this aside until you prepare the ingredients & the sauce. You can also
refrigerate overnight and use.

  * ▢

Cube the onions & bell pepper. Separate the layers and slit green chilies.

  * ▢

Prepare the sauce in a bowl. Add soya sauce, chili sauce, tomato ketchup, red
chili powder, vinegar, sugar and water to a bowl. (Quantities as mentioned
under the section "seasoning for chili chicken"). Mix well. Set this aside.

#### Fry Chicken

  * ▢

Heat oil in a pan for deep or shallow fry. It can also be grilled at 240 C for
20 to 25 minutes in a preheated oven.

  * ▢

Check if the oil is hot enough by gently sliding a small quantity of batter to
the hot oil. It must rise without browning.

  * ▢

Now add the chicken cubes one by one without crowding the pan.

  * ▢

Fry on a medium high heat until crisp, golden and evenly cooked from inside.

  * ▢

Keep stirring to fry evenly. Do not over fry as the chicken tends to turn
hard.

  * ▢

When the chicken is cooked completely, bubbles in the oil will begin to
reduce. Drain on a kitchen tissue or a colander.

  * ▢

For extra crisp chicken, once done frying the entire chicken refry them in hot
oil.

#### Seasoning Chilli Chicken

  * ▢

Heat oil in a wok or pan on a high flame. Add garlic & fry for about a min.

  * ▢

Add onions, capsicum, spring onion whites and green chilies.

  * ▢

Fry till they turn slightly soft for about a minute or so. The veggies must
still be crunchy.

  * ▢

Pour the sauces. Let the sauces bubble up well & slightly thicken.

  * ▢

Taste the sauce and chicken as well. Add more salt, spice or sauce as needed.

  * ▢

Add the fried chicken, Mix well. Saute chili chicken on a high flame for 1
minute.

  * ▢

Toss until the chicken is coated well with sauce. Garnish with spring onion
greens.

  * ▢

Serve chilli chicken immediately hot as appetizer or with fried rice or
noodles.

Advertisement

### Notes

This recipe works best by brining chicken overnight in buttermilk as it
tenderizes & keeps the meat more moist and juicy after frying. If you prefer
to skip brining then do use egg white.

**Brining chicken to skip egg.**

Mix together 3 tbsp yogurt with 2 cups of water and 1/4 tsp salt. Add the
chicken to this and leave it for 45 mins to 1 hour. Brining in the fridge for
4 to 6 hours gives the best results. Drain the chicken completely & use in the
recipe.

**To make chilli chicken gravy:** Mix 2 tsps cornstarch with 1 cup water and
pour it to the pan. Plus add 1 tbsp more soya sauce, 2 tbsps more chilli sauce
and 2 tbsps more tomato ketchup. Taste test and adjust the sauces as needed.
When the mixture thickens turn off. Cool the sauce a bit and then add the
fried chicken.

You can double the above quantities to triple the gravy. But note that you
will have to add a lot of sauces and the entire dish turns out to be so high
in carbs due to starch and sauces added. It will also be high in sodium, so
you may look for low sodium products.

Alternative quantities provided in the recipe card are for 1x only, original
recipe.

For best results follow my detailed step-by-step photo instructions and tips
above the recipe card.

### Video

### NUTRITION INFO (estimation only)

Nutrition Facts

Chilli Chicken Recipe

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 441 Calories from Fat 261

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 29g **45%**

Saturated Fat 5g **31%**

 **Cholesterol** 63mg **21%**

 **Sodium** 966mg **42%**

 **Potassium** 298mg **9%**

 **Carbohydrates** 25g **8%**

Fiber 2g **8%**

Sugar 12g **13%**

 **Protein** 19g **38%**

**Vitamin A** 904IU **18%**

 **Vitamin C** 24mg **29%**

 **Calcium** 22mg **2%**

 **Iron** 1mg **6%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Tried this recipe?Mention @SwasthisRecipes or tag #swasthisrecipes!

(C) Swasthi's Recipes

__WhatsApp

 __Share 2K

 __Pin 43K

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

45K Shares

**FOR MORE RECIPES**

Please leave this field empty

Enter & Confirm eMail ID for Swasthi's Recipes Newsletter *

Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.

  

## Post navigation

Previous Previous

Paneer Tikka Masala

NextContinue

Andhra chicken fry recipe

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

580 Comments

__Inline Feedbacks

View all comments

Akshai

  
Hey, thanks for the recipe! Turned out pretty good.

1 note though, MSGs do not infact have any negative health effects that was
basically a smear campaign from the 80s. So there's no reason people shouldn't
use it to get that delicious umami flavor!

Reply

Advertisement

Z A

  
I want to try to make this dish this weekend. Do you use Maggi Mild Sweet
Chili Sauce or Maggi Hot and Sweet Tomato Chili Sauce?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Z A

Hi,  
I use sweet and hot chili sauce

Reply

M G

  
Really like your recipes. They are simple to follow, quick to make and very
tasty! Thank you! Have tried many of your recipes and made this chilli chicken
today and it came out great!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   M G

Thank you so much! So glad to know!

Reply

Neeta

Hello, what brand chili sauce do you use? I’m unsure what chili is so want to
make sure I’m getting the right thing. Thanks!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Neeta

Hello Neeta,  
Try sweet and hot Asian red chili sauce, any brand. I use Maggi red chili
sauce

Reply

Preethy

I love all your recipes and regularly use them . A question can we fry the
chicken in the Air fryer ? Or would it dry out. Thank you

Reply

Sally Khan

Hi. I would love to do this but needs further instructions. I would like to do
this as a meal instead of an appetizer but when I change the number of
servings only the ingredients change -- the instructions do not. Can you send
me instructions based on about 4 lbs of chicken? Thank you!

Reply

__

Amreen Hussain

__Reply to   Sally Khan

  
You can increase and decrease the amount of people you want to cook for have a
look at the recipe card

Reply

Sharmista Ray

  
Easy to cook yummy recipe

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Sharmista Ray

Thank you

Reply

Advertisement

Dani

  
Made this, it was great! I love spicy foods so I didn't deseed the green
chiles. Perfect amount of heat.

Reply

Chrys Marty

  
Perfection and I actually made this. Thank you for this.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Chrys Marty

Glad to know Chrys.  
thank you

Reply

Barbara

  
I tried this recipe tonight. It was absolutely delicious! Thank you so much
for sharing!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Barbara

Glad to know Barbara

Reply

Sal

  
Love this recipe! Turned out delicious!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Sal

Thank you Sal

Reply

Sai

  
Tasty recipe. No leftovers left.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Sai

Thank you!

Reply

Chryson De souza

  
Very authentic recipe ! I will try it out today !

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Chryson De souza

Thank you!

Reply

Advertisement

Poonam

Hi Swasthi, I’m dying to make this but am confused about the red chili sauce.
The only thing available at my store is a “Thai Sweet Chili Sauce”- would that
be too sweet for this dish?

I have dried red chilies at home, can I use those to make my own red chili
sauce and if so, how?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Poonam

Hi Poonam,  
Yes you can use that Thai sweet chilli sauce and use more red chilli powder
and green chilies for the heat. Also skip sugar in the recipe. Hope you enjoy
it!

Reply

POONAM ARORA

  
Made paneer tikka and got all the love from my family 🥰thank you so much

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   POONAM ARORA

Glad to know Poonam  
Thank you

Reply

Nikki

  
I made this several times, never have leftovers!!!

Reply

Yogita Vijay Punekar

  
Nicely explain..

Reply

Jesse

  
Loved it! Thank you so much. I took a few liberties on salt, spice and other
proportions and it turned out great. I wanted atleast a little bit of gravy
because I wanted to have them with tortillas. That was the only lack there.
But the taste!❤️😍 homemade chilli chicken is way better than restaurant ones..
you can't even compare them

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Jesse

Hello Jesse  
Happy to know it turned out great. Thank you so much!

Reply

Khadija

  
This turned out so good!! My family couldn't stop praising the flavors and the
looks of the chilli chicken. I made it with the noodles recommended in this
recipe and the entire meal was perfect. Thank you for this amazing recipe and
for making it so accessible and easy to understand for beginners!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Khadija

Hi Khadija  
Glad to know you all loved it. Thank you so much for leaving a comment.

Reply

Advertisement

Jack

  
This comes out great every time Swasthi, thanks!  
Now that I'm finding good hakka noodles in the US it's even better. Do you
have a recipe on here for Chicken 65?  
Happy new year!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Jack

Glad to know Jack  
Happy new year!  
Yes you can check the recipe here - chicken 65

Reply

Payel Roy

Can i use arrowroot instead of corn flour?  
Isf i can then plz tell me the proportion..

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Payel Roy

Hi Payel,  
Use the same quantity of arrowroot for frying the chicken. I have also given
the gravy version in the notes at the end of the post. I have not tried that
with arrowroot. So not sure

Reply

Load Rest of Comments

Advertisement

Advertisement

(C) 2022 Swasthi's Recipes

Insert

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Popular RecipesExpand child menuExpand

    * Matar Paneer
    * Butter Chicken
    * Chana Masala
    * Dal Makhani
    * Gobi Manchurian
    * Chicken Tikka Masala
  * SocialExpand child menuExpand

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Twitter
    * Pinterest
    * Youtube

Toggle Menu Close

Search for:

Search

