https://pipingpotcurry.com/chilli-chicken/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Recipe Index
    * Instant Pot
    * Air Fryer
    * Indian
    * Cooking 101
  * Resources
    * Amazon Store
    * Indian Spices
    * Instant Pot 101
    * Instant Pot Accessories
    * Meal Plan
    * Holiday Gift Guide
  * Subscribe
  * About
  * ## Nav Social Menu

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * Twitter
    * YouTube

  * search...

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

search...

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * Instant Pot
  * Resources
  * About

×

Home » Recipes » Chicken, Lamb & Seafood

# Chilli Chicken

Published April 22, 2022 Updated May 10, 2022 By Meeta Arora | This post may
contain affiliate links. As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying
purchases.

Jump to Recipe

_Try this **restaurant-style Chilli Chicken** at home with this easy recipe.
**Crispy and flavorful**  is how I would describe this Chilli Chicken.
Boneless chicken is marinated in chinese sauces, fried until crispy, this is
stir fried with lots of ginger, garlic, onions, bell peppers and sauces._

Hands down Chilli Chicken is my most **favorite appetizer** to order at an
Indian restaurant (or Chilli Paneer if my hubby is there). You will find the
best chilli chicken at small street side restaurants all over India.

Most people don't think about making it at home, however it is a pretty easy
recipe and you probably have most of the ingredients needed at home too.

All you need to make this deliciousness is chicken, onions, peppers, spring
onions, lots of ginger, garlic and Chinese sauces. You can make it in the air
fryer or in a pan on stovetop.

Serve it as an appetizer or enjoy as a gravy with Hakka Noodles or fried rice,
you will love it!

Check out my collection of 25+ Best Indian Appetizers.

Jump to:

  * What is Chili Chicken?
  * How to make Chilli Chicken?
  * Tips to make Perfect Chilli Chicken
  * How to make Chilli Chicken with gravy?
  * How to Serve?
  * How to Store?
  * Chilli Chicken

## What is Chili Chicken?

Chilli Chicken is a **sweet, spicy and crispy appetizer** , most popular in
Indo-chinese cuisine. Crispy marinated chicken is sauteed in a spicy sweet
sauce along with onions and bell peppers. This Chilli Chicken can be made as a
dry appetizer or as a gravy to enjoy with rice.

This chilli chicken is crispy on the outside, coated with flavorful sweet
spicy sauces on the outside. It is super flavorful, moist, and crispy -
everything you want in a chicken starter (appetizer).

You might be wondering what is **Indo-chinese cuisine** \- I am picking this
from wikipedia - The adaptation of Chinese seasoning and cooking techniques to
Indian tastes.

You will find that the dishes have lots of garlic and are much more spicier.
The favorites are chow Mein, chopsuey, chilli paneer or potatoes, sweet corn
soup...and the list can go on and on!

My favorite Indo-chinese street side restaurant in Mumbai is Uncle's Kitchen.
If you are in Mumbai, do not miss going there!

Back to this Chilli Chicken, I usually fry the chicken before adding it to the
sauce. If you want to make it healthier, you can air fry the chicken, but I
have not tried that yet.

This recipe is a dry chilli chicken version, however if you prefer the gravy
version to enjoy as a main dish with rice or noodles, see details about that
below.

## How to make Chilli Chicken?

This recipe uses the very basic ingredients which are generally available in
the pantry.

I use **boneless skinless chicken thighs** in this recipe, as the chicken
thighs remain juicy and moist after they are fried.

To marinate the chicken, I have used ginger, garlic, egg, Chinese sauces and
all purpose flour and cornflour to get the crispy texture. For frying, you can
use oil of your choice. I used canola oil.

For the stir fry, I have used a lot of chopped ginger, garlic and green chili.
You can reduce the amount of green chilli if you don't want your chilli
chicken too hot.

Apart from these, I add onions and bell peppers to get some veggies in with
the chicken and then the basic chinese sauces like soy sauce, vinegar and red
chili sauce are added.

Let's talk about the chili sauce. I like to use Sambal Oelek chili paste.
Another option is to use Ching's Secret schezwan chutney (I like the chutney
better than the sauce from this brand). You can also make schezwan sauce at
home if you prefer.

### Marinate the Chicken

  * Start with cutting the chicken into thin slices. Then add it to a bowl along with all the marinade ingredients. Mix it all well, so that the chicken is well coated. You want the chicken to get all the flavors.
  * Now if you want to make this spicier, add kashmiri chili powder or some extra chili sauce.
  * Keep this marinated chicken aside for about 20 minutes. You can also refrigerate it overnight.
  * At this time, prepare the other ingredients such as chopping ginger, garlic and cutting onions and peppers into squares. You want all the stir fry ingredients ready before frying the chicken, so that you can have crispy fried chicken added to the sauce.

### Fry Chicken

  * Heat oil in a shallow pan with about half inch oil. Once the oil is hot, add chicken pieces and fry for 5-8 minutes. 
  * Turn couple of times till chicken is golden brown on both sides. Make sure to not overcook. 
  * Take the chicken out in a bowl lined with kitchen towel paper.

Okay, this chicken is so good as is. I probably eat more than I should, under
the excuse of trying :-). Also, my daughter loves these fried chicken bites.

### Air Fry Chicken

Preheat the air fryer to 380F for 3 minutes. Place the chicken pieces in the
air fryer basket in a single layer. Air fry for 10-12 minutes. Shake basket
half way through.

### Prepare the Sauce & Stir fry

  * Mix all the ingredients for the sauce and have them ready.
  * Have all the stir fry ingredients ready, ideally before frying chicken, so that the chicken stays crispy when added to the stir fry.
  * Now the final step is to stir fry. Heat oil in a wok or large pan. We want to cook the veggies on high heat and only cook them for a couple of minutes.
  * Heat oil in the wok. Then add ginger, garlic, green chili pepper and saute for a minute. Add onions, red and green bell pepper, then saute for 1-2 minutes. Now add the white part of the spring onions and saute for another minute.
  * Add the mixed sauce and then add the cornstarch slurry while stirring continuously. Mix and cook till the sauce thickens in about 1 minute.
  * Add the chicken and toss for a minute till the sauce coats the chicken.

Garnish with green part of spring onions and sesame seeds. Enjoy immediately!

## Tips to make Perfect Chilli Chicken

  * It is important to **keep all the ingredients ready** before frying the chicken. This will help to ensure that the chicken remains crispy in the final stir fry.
  *  **Adjust the spice** level to taste by adjusting the red chili sauce and green chili in the stir fry. You can also add Kashmiri Red Chili powder or Schezwan sauce to adjust the spice. I like these two options as they also add to the wonderful red color of the final dish.
  * When frying the chicken, **do not overcook**. You just want to get it golden brown on all sides.
  * When stir frying the veggies, it is important to do so on **high heat**. This will help to get flash cooked veggies with a slight crunch.
  * Make this chilli chicken as an appetizer or as a gravy depending on how you would like to enjoy it.

I am sure you are wondering how can you get the **restaurant style crispy
chili chicken** and how you can have it stay that way when serving for
parties.

The main thing here is to not stir fry the chicken until you are ready to
serve. If possible, also fry the chicken just before you stir fry.

## How to make Chilli Chicken with gravy?

You can use the exact same recipe as listed. I have already included lots of
ginger, garlic and veggies in the recipe. Just add 1 cup water with the
cornstarch to make the slurry. Everything else remains the same.

## How to Serve?

You can serve this Chilli Chicken as an appetizer. I like to have schezwan
sauce on the side to dip (yes, love the extra spice!).

If you make the gravy version, then serve it with chow mein or fried rice.

## How to Store?

This Chili Chicken is ideally best enjoyed hot. If you want to make it ahead,
then cook the veggies and the chicken separately.

Then when ready to serve, reheat the chicken for 2-3 minutes, preferably in an
air fryer to get the crisp texture. Then saute it together with the veggies in
a skillet.

If you love Indian and Chinese food, you cannot miss this absolute favorite
Chilli Chicken. Give it a try and let me know how it turns out!

Tried this recipe?Give a rating by clicking the ★ below

## Chilli Chicken

Meeta Arora

Make restaurant-style Chilli Chicken at home with this easy recipe. Crispy and
flavorful is how I would describe this Chilli Chicken. Boneless chicken is
marinated in flavorful sauces, fried until crispy, this is stir fried with
lots of ginger, garlic, onions, bell peppers and sauces.

4.96 from 23 votes

Print Save Saved! Pin

Servings: 4

Calories: 444

Course: Appetizer

Cuisine: Chinese, Indian

Diet: Dairy-free

Method: Stovetop

Prep Time: 30 mins

Cook Time: 20 mins

Total Time: 50 mins

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * ▢ 1 lb Chicken thighs boneless 
  * ▢ Oil for frying
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon Oil for stir fry
  * ▢ 12 cloves Garlic finely diced
  * ▢ 1 inch Ginger finely diced
  * ▢ 3-4 Green Chili Pepper cut lengthwise, adjust to taste
  * ▢ 2 cup Red Onions cut into squares and layers separated
  * ▢ 1 cup Red Bell Pepper cut into squares
  * ▢ 1 cup Green Bell Pepper cut into squares 
  * ▢ ¼ cup Spring Onions whites and green separated
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Cornstarch
  * ▢ ⅓ cup Water
  * ▢ Sesame seeds  for garnish

#### For the chicken marinade:

  * ▢ 1 teaspoon Soy Sauce
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon Chili Sauce adjust to taste
  * ▢ 1 Egg white
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon Vinegar
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon Ginger paste
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon Garlic paste
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon Cornstarch
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon All purpose flour
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon Salt
  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon Black Pepper

#### For the Stir Fry Sauce

  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Soy Sauce
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Red Chilli Sauce adjust to taste
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon Vinegar
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon Sugar
  * ▢ Salt to taste
  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon Black Pepper adjust to taste

### Instructions



#### Marinate the chicken

  * Cut the chicken into thin slices about an inch in size. Put them in a large bowl. 

  * Add all the marinade ingredients to the bowl and mix well with the chicken. Set aside for about 20 minutes. You can also refrigerate overnight. While the chicken is resting, prep the stir fry ingredients. 

#### Fry the chicken*

  * **Stovetop option:** Heat oil in a shallow pan with about ½ inch oil. Once the oil is hot, add chicken pieces and fry for 5-8 minutes. Turn couple of times till chicken is golden brown on both sides. Make sure to not overcook. Take the chicken out in a bowl lined with kitchen towel paper. (see notes to air fry)

  *  **Air Fryer option:** Preheat the air fryer to 380F for 3 minutes. Place the chicken pieces in the air fryer basket in a single layer. Air fry for 10-12 minutes. Shake basket half way through. 

#### Prepare the sauce and stir fry

  * Mix all the stir fry sauces in a bowl. 

  * Make a slurry wiith mixing the cornstarch and water. 

  * In a wok or pan, heat oil for the stir fry on high heat. Add ginger, garlic and green chili pepper. Saute for a minute. 

  * Add onions, red and green bell pepper. Saute for 1-2 minutes. Add the white part of the spring onions and saute for another minute. 

  * Add the mixed sauces. Then add the cornstarch slurry. Mix and cook till the sauce thickens. 

  * Add the chicken and toss for a minute till the sauce coats the chicken. 

  * Garnish with green part of spring onions and sesame seeds. Serve immediately. 

### Notes

 **Chili Sauce:** I like to use Sambal Oelek chili paste. Another option is to
use Ching's Secret schezwan chutney (I like the chutney better than the sauce
from this brand). Remember Schezwan chutney is spicy, so adjust the amount to
taste.

**Tips to make Perfect Chilli Chicken:**

  * It is important to keep all the ingredients ready before frying the chicken. This will help to ensure that the chicken remains crispy in the final stir fry.
  * Adjust the spice level to taste by adjusting the red chili sauce and green chili in the stir fry. You can also add Kashmiri Red Chili powder or Schezwan sauce to adjust the spice. I like these two options as they also add to the wonderful red color of the final dish.
  * When frying the chicken, do not overcook. You just want to get it golden brown on all sides.
  * When stir frying the veggies, it is important to do so on high heat. This will help to get flash cooked veggies with a slight crunch.
  * Make this chilli chicken as an appetizer or as a gravy depending on how you would like to enjoy it. 

_**Note:** Nutrition values are my best estimates. If you rely on them for
your diet, use your preferred nutrition calculator. _

### Nutrition

Calories: 444kcalCarbohydrates: 29gProtein: 23gFat: 26gSaturated Fat:
6gCholesterol: 111mgSodium: 1074mgPotassium: 568mgFiber: 5gSugar: 9gVitamin A:
1455IUVitamin C: 92mgCalcium: 55mgIron: 2mg

Keyword chilli chicken, chilli chicken dry, indian chilli chicken

Tried this recipe?Share your photo and tag @PipingPotCurry or #pipingpotcurry

1.3K shares

  *   *   *   * 

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Amy says

November 24, 2021 at 2:51 pm

Excellent!!!! Reminds us of our fav restaurant!!!! Awesome recipe

    * Meeta Arora says

December 02, 2021 at 5:25 pm

Hi Amy - Happy to hear you enjoyed the chicken. Thanks for sharing back!

  2. Alison says

July 22, 2021 at 2:49 am

Thank you Meeta for this easy to follow recipe. I’ve been craving Chilli
Chicken since we left Delhi after living there for 7 years. The dish turned
out really well and made me so nostalgic for “Chindian” food! I will
definitely be making it again, trying it with the air fryer next time.

    * Piping Pot Curry says

July 22, 2021 at 10:59 am

Hi- That makes me really happy. Thank you for sharing your experience:)

  3. Julie says

July 20, 2021 at 4:42 pm

Yum! The family loved it. Used the air fryer, came together quickly.

    * Piping Pot Curry says

July 22, 2021 at 10:55 am

Hi - So happy to hear that. Thank you for sharing it 🙂

  4. Barbara Stewart says

July 20, 2021 at 6:15 am

Could you do this with paneer to make it veggie?

    * Meeta Arora says

July 20, 2021 at 6:29 am

Hi Barbara - yes, it works great with paneer too. You can also bake or air fry
the paneer if you like.

  5. Deeps says

May 11, 2021 at 10:09 am

I made this last week and I loved it SO much that I'm making it again tonight!

    * Deeps says

May 11, 2021 at 10:10 am

Oops... I forgot to rate this. I'd give it a 10 if I could!

    * Piping Pot Curry says

May 12, 2021 at 9:42 am

Hi - So good to hear that. Thank you for sharing it 🙂

      * Shobhan says

January 25, 2022 at 7:19 am

I made this last week and it was SO delicious that I made it twice! My husband
wants me to make it again tonight. A wonderful recipe thank you

      * Meeta Arora says

February 11, 2022 at 10:29 pm

Hi Shobhan - Glad to hear you all are enjoying the chili chicken. Thank you
for sharing back your review.

« Older Comments

## Primary Sidebar

I strongly believe that each one of us has a chef inside us, we just need to
explore the ingredients and create great food. Here you will find easy &
delicious recipes using Instant Pot & Air Fryer.

More about me →

### AS FEATURED ON

### Popular

  * Methi Dhebra

  * Indian Spices And Herbs

  * Chocolate Chip Banana Overnight Oats

  * Shrimp Masala

## Footer

**AS FEATURED ON**

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * About Meeta
  * Contact
  * Privacy Policy

### Recipes

  * Instant Pot 101
  * Instant Pot Recipes
  * Air Fryer Recipes
  * Cooking 101
  * Subscribe for recipes

### Resources

  * Shop
  * Gift Guide
  * How to start a blog?

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2022 **Piping Pot Curry**

