https://recipesofhome.com/easy-chilli-chicken-recipe/


Skip to content

###  Recipes Of Home

__

  * HOME
  * CHICKEN
  * DRINK
  * SNACK
  * RICE
  * VEGETARIAN
    * PANEER
  * SWEET
  * SOUP
  * ARTICLE
    * Recipe Collections
    * Kitchen Tips
    * Food Facts
    * Ingredients
  * WEB STORIES

Home » Trending » chilli chicken dry and gravy

Trending Chicken

#  Chilli chicken recipe | How to make chilli chicken dry | Recipe for chilli
chicken gravy

__ July 9, 2022July 9, 2022 __ Koushik  __1 Comment __chicken, chilli chciken
gravy, chilli chicken, chilli chicken dry, chinese chilli chicken

**Chilli chicken recipe** – boneless fried chicken tossed in spicy sauce,
along with onion and capsicum gravy is one of the popular **Indo Chinese
chilli chicken** recipe **.** It is popularly known as **chilli chicken
gravy** and **chilli chicken dry** as both of them are prepared from the same
chilli gravy. In this post, you will learn **how to make chilli chicken?** **  
** Though there is the various **recipe of chilli chicken** yet this is a very
simple and tasty dry chilli chicken recipe without using any harmful food
colour, msg perfect for dinner.

If you are a beginner and want to cook restaurant style chilli chicken for the
first time then you are in right place, here you will know how to make perfect
chilli chicken at home.

**Note:** if you are in a hurry, **feel free to click on the following links**
to check your desired topic.If you’d like to see our in-depth step by step
recipe preparation keep reading!

Table of Contents

__

  * What is chilli chicken?
  * Serving ideas
  * Important tips
  * Recipe video
  * How to make chilli chicken
    * Ingredients required

## **What is chilli chicken?**

This **Indian chilli chicken recipe** is made with boneless fried chicken
tossed in a sweet and sour spicy sauce made with red chili sauce, soy sauce, a
pinch of salt, sugar, vinegar, and a slurry of cornflour-water and cubed
onion, capsicum.

Though this recipe is a dry chilli chicken version, however, if you want to
cook chilli chicken gravy as a main dish with fried rice or **noodles** , see
below step by step instructions.

## **Is this dried chilli chicken healthy?**

Yes, if you mean using less amount oil, for this just air fry the chicken.  

I use only the required amount of sauce to avoid using any food colour and
ajinomoto which is generally used in authentic chinese chilli chicken dry.

## **What to serve with chicken chilli recipe?**

Chilli chicken and **fried rice** is the best combo dish you can prefer
otherwise it also serves best with roti, **paratha** , **naan** even chilli
chicken and noodles go well.

**C heck most popular chicken recipes :**

  * **Chicken masala**
  * **Butter chicken**
  * **Kadai chicken**
  * **Chicken korma**
  * **Chicken 65**
  * **Chicken chettinad **
  * **Chicken biryani **
  * **Chicken pakora**
  * **Hyderabadi biryani**
  * **Veg fried rice**

**Note :** at the end of this detailed step by step chilli chicken
preparation, I put all the **chili chicken ingredients** list including a
quick overview of steps **in the recipe card**.

## **Tips to make chinese chilli chicken recipe**

  * **_Choice of Chicken :_ **To cook the best chilli chicken recipe, **always use only boneless chicken** which you can easily get from chicken breast. 

  * **_Marinating Time :_** To get the perfect crunchy fried chicken **marinate all chicken pieces** in the sauce, cornflour, all-purpose flour mixture for **at least 1 to 2 hours in the refrigerator.**

  * **_Cooking Method :_** For crispy fried chicken **cook only at the medium to high flame** , don’t cook at a very low flame which ultimately makes your chicken hard & chewy, also don’t try at a very high flame as it will rapidly golden brown from the outside but uncooked from inside. 

  * _**Vibrant Red Colour :**_ Though in authentic chinese chilli chicken recipe uses red food colour for their chili sauce instead of that we use good quality **Kashmiri red chilli** **powder** for vibrant red colour.

**More Recipes You May Love**

  * Chicken masala recipe | How to…
  * Hyderabadi biryani recipe |…
  * Chilli paneer recipe | How to…
  * Chicken momos recipe | How to…
  * Kadai chicken recipe | Chicken…
  * Veggie burger recipe | Veg…

## **Chilli chicken recipe video**

Here is a quick **chilli chicken recipe video** is shown below. If you prefer
to watch the video recipe click the video and **watch it now**. **⇓**

restaurant style chilli chicken dry...

Please enable JavaScript

restaurant style chilli chicken dry recipe | चिली चिकन कैसे बनाते है

## **How to make** **chilli chicken**

Here, the complete recipe for chilli chicken preparation is classified into
three simple categories **first one** is **marination for chilli chicken
recipe** ,

**the second one** is **frying chicken** and the **last one** is **making
chilli chicken dry**.

so, let’s make it now.

### **Preparation for chilli chicken recipe**

**1.** At first marinating chicken for chilli chicken recipe in a medium-size
bowl add 3 tbsp cornflour,3 tbsp maida or all-purpose flour,1 tsp kashmiri red
chilli powder, 1/2 tsp black pepper,1 tsp salt and mix them properly.

******2.** Now, add 300 gm of chicken to this bowl, and mix them gently **.**

****

**3.** Also, add 2 tbsp red chili sauce,2 tsp soy sauce, and 1 tsp vinegar,
and sprinkle a little water above the mixture.

****

**4.** Now mix everything and set aside marinating chicken for at least 1 to 2
hours for the **_perfect crispy chicken chilli recipe_**.

### **For frying chicken**

**1.** Now for **frying chicken** heat 6 to 7 tbsp oil in a pan for shallow
fry or 100 to 120 ml oil for deep fry in medium flame.

**2.** spread the oil evenly in the pan.

**3.** Now add marinated chicken pieces to the pan and cook in medium to high
flame.

**4.** Flip each chicken piece after 4 to 5 min and cook both sides.

**5** **.** Cook until both sides of chicken pieces become golden brown.

**6.** After that, drain the excess oil of fried chicken on a kitchen tissue.

**Note:** While frying chicken always **cooks at medium to high flame**
otherwise chicken pieces get cooked outside but uncooked from inside.

### **How to make chilli chicken dry**

**1.** At first for preparing **chilli chicken dry,** heat 4 to 5 tbsp oil in
a pan and spread it evenly in medium flame.

**2.** Next add 1 tbsp chopped ginger-garlic.

**3.** Saute in medium to low flame until the raw smell of ginger-garlic goes
away.

**4.** Now add a layer of the separated onion.

**5.** Cook in medium flame for 2 to 3 min until onion becomes slightly golden
brown

**6.** Also add chopped green chili.

**7.** Add cube cut capsicum and fry for another 3 to 4 min in medium flame.

**8.** After that mix 2 tbsp red chili sauce.

**9.** 1 tbsp soy sauce.

**10.** Also add 1 tsp vinegar and a little water.

**11.** Mix everything for 1 to 2 min in medium flame.

**12.** Now add 1 tsp salt and adjust later if required.

**13.** For the perfect red colour of chilli sauce, sprinkle 1 tsp Kashmiri
red chili powder.

**14.** To balance out the taste of chilli sauce adds 2 tsp sugar.

**15.** Now make a quick stir of everything and simmer the sauce for another 2
to 3 min in medium to low flame.

**16.** For increasing the consistency of chicken gravy add cornflour water
mixture and simmer for another 2 min.

**17.** Finally, add fried chicken to this chili gravy.

**18**. Mix everything in medium to high flame for up to 2 to 3 min until all
the fried chicken mixes completely in gravy, for garnishing these **boneless
chilli chicken recipe** add spring onions and chopped coriander leaves.

## **How to make chilli chicken gravy**

  * To make **chilli chicken gravy** recipe you can follow the exact same recipe listed above. Just make sure you have to **increase quantities of sauces, vinegar, water and salt**.  

  * After **sauteing veggies** increase the **quantity of sauce by 2 tbsp and vinegar by 1 tbsp each, pour 200 ml water** and let it simmer for some time.

  * Also, **sprinkle a pinch of salt and suga** r to balance the taste of indo chinese chilli chicken gravy.

  * Check the taste of chilli chicken sauce if everything is fine then **add fried chicken to this sauce**.

  * Let it stir in this sauce properly and our chilli chicken gravy is completed serve it hot with **fried rice** or **Hakka noodles** whatever you like.

**Chilli Chicken Recipe Card**

Here is a quick overview of all the ingredients for the chilli chicken dry
including a quick step by step preparation of **chilli chicken gravy recipe**
shown **in the recipe card**.

**Take note of all ingredient lists**.

Yield: 4

## Chilli chicken recipe ( Chilli chicken dry & Gravy )

Print

This boneless **chilli chicken recipe** is one of the popular chicken dish in
indo chinese cuisine in which boneless fried chicken is cooked in spicy sauce,
along with onion and capsicum gravy.

**Prep Time** 15 minutes

**Cook Time** 1 hour

**Additional Time** 10 minutes

**Total Time** 1 hour 25 minutes

### Ingredients

#### Marinating Ingredients For Chilli Chicken

  * 3 tbsp cornflour or corn starch 
  * 3 tbsp maida or all-purpose flour 
  * 1/2 tsp black pepper powder 
  * 1 tsp kashmiri red chili powder 
  * 1 tsp salt 
  * 1 tbsp red chili sauce 
  * 2 tsp soya sauce 
  * 1 tsp vinegar or lemon juice 
  * 3 to 4 tbsp water 
  * 300 gm chicken [boneless or bone -in ] 

#### Ingredients For Chilli Chicken Fry

  * 100 to 120 ml oil [deep fry or shallow fry] 
  * 2 to 3 kitchen tissue [drain off excess oil] 

#### Ingredients For Chilli Chicken Gravy

  * 4 to 5 tbsp oil 
  * 1 tbsp ginger-garlic [chopped] 
  * 1 medium to large onion [layer separated] 
  * 2 to 3 green chili [vertically sliced or chopped] 
  * 1 medium capsicum or bell pepper [cubed cut] 
  * 1 to 2 tbsp red chili sauce 
  * 1 tbsp soy sauce 
  * 1 tsp vinegar or apple cider 
  * 1 tsp kashmiri red chili powder 
  * 1 to 2 tsp sugar 
  * salt to taste 

### Instructions

#### **how to make chilli chicken dry**

  1. At first,for **marinating chicken** add cornflour,maida,paprika,black pepper,salt.
  2. Additionally add red chili sauce, soya sauce, vinegar, a little water.
  3. Now, add boneless chicken, coat evenly and set aside for marination for at least 1 to 2 hours.
  4. Next for chilli **chicken fry** heat oil in a pan and shallow fry or deep fry marinated chicken in medium flame.
  5. Flip after 4 to 5 min and cook both sides until chickens become golden brown. 
  6. After that, drain off the excess oil of fried chicken on kitchen tissue.
  7. Now for **making chilli chicken sauce** add red chili sauce, soya sauce, vinegar,Kashmiri red chili powder, and sugar and mix them well.
  8. Finally for **preparing chilli chicken masala,** heat oil in a pan and spread it evenly on medium flame.
  9. Next, add chopped ginger-garlic and saute in medium to low flame until the raw smell goes away.
  10. Now add a layer of separated onion, chopped green chili and cook on medium flame until onion becomes slightly golden brown.
  11. Then add cube cut capsicum and fry for another 3 to 4 min in medium flame.
  12. After that mix chilli chicken sauce, a little water and salt to taste, and a quick stir for another 2 to 3 min in medium flame. 
  13. For increasing the consistency of chicken, and gravy add cornflour water mixture and simmer for another 2 min.
  14. Finally, add fried chicken to this mixture and make a quick toss in medium to high flame for up to 2 to 3 min until all chicken mixes completely in gravy.
  15. Furthermore, for garnishing chili chicken, you can add spring onions, chopped coriander leaves,

### Notes

#### **how to make chilli chicken gravy recipe ?**

  1. simply increase quantity of water and in proportionate amount of vinegar, sauce and cornflour-water mixture and salt.

#### Nutrition Information

#### Yield

1  
_Amount Per Serving_ Calories 595Total Fat 58gSaturated Fat 20gTrans Fat
5gUnsaturated Fat 33gCholesterol 120mgSodium 26mgCarbohydrates 158gFiber
8gSugar 15gProtein 88g

_Disclaimer: The information shown is an estimate provided by an online
nutrition calculator. It should not be considered a substitute for a
professional nutritionist’s advice._

### Do you like this recipe? pin it!

Follow us on Pinterest to get delicious recipes!

© Koushik

**Cuisine:** Indo-chinese  / **Category:** Chicken

### Recipe Collections

11 Best Punjabi Recipes | Easy Punjabi Food | Popular Punjabi Dish 13 Best
Indian Lunch Recipes | Easy Indian Lunch Recipes 14 most popular chinese food
| Easy chinese dishes 15 Best Indian Dinner Recipes | Easy Indian Recipes 15
Best Indian Vegetarian Dinner Recipes | Easy Vegetarian Dinner Party Recipes
23 best indian food recipes | Most popular indian dishes | Indian recipes 35
most popular north indian food | North indian dishes | North indian recipes
Kitchen tips : How to use pressure cooker | Important tips for first time
users

  * ← Hyderabadi biryani recipe | Hyderabadi chicken biryani recipe
  * Egg is veg or non veg | Is egg vegetarian or non-vegetarian →

###  One thought on “Chilli chicken recipe | How to make chilli chicken dry |
Recipe for chilli chicken gravy”

  * __Nitesh

 __February 12, 2021 at 1:05 pm

 __Permalink

Superb

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

### Trending Posts

  1. 11 Best Punjabi Recipes | Easy Punjabi Food | Popular Punjabi Dish
  2. 13 Best Indian Lunch Recipes | Easy Indian Lunch Recipes
  3. 14 most popular chinese food | Easy chinese dishes
  4. 15 Best Indian Dinner Recipes | Easy Indian Recipes
  5. 15 Best Indian Vegetarian Dinner Recipes | Easy Vegetarian Dinner Party Recipes
  6. 23 best indian food recipes | Most popular indian dishes | Indian recipes
  7. 35 most popular north indian food | North indian dishes | North indian recipes
  8. Kitchen tips : How to use pressure cooker | Important tips for first time users

### Most Popular Recipes

  * Chicken Biryani
  * Hyderabadi Biryani
  * Veg Biryani
  * Chilli Chicken
  * Chicken Curry
  * Butter Chicken
  * Aloo Samosa
  * Veg Cutlet
  * Dahi Vada
  * Matar Paneer
  * Shahi Paneer
  * Paneer Butter Masala
  * Dal Makhani
  * Rajma Chawal
  * Egg Curry
  * Chana Masala
  * Punjabi Chole

### Web Stories

Cold coffee recipe ( How to make cold coffee )

French fries recipe ( How to make french fry )

3 easy ways to peel almonds quickly ( How to blanch almond fast )

Chicken biryani recipe | How to make chicken biryani

View all stories

### Information

  * Privacy Policy
  * Sitemap

### Navigate

  * Home
  * About
  * Contact
  * Web Stories

### Find Recipes

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

Copyright © 2022 Recipes Of Home. All rights reserved.  
Theme: ColorMag by ThemeGrill. Powered by WordPress.

__

Skip to Recipe

Cold coffee recipe ( How to make cold coffee ) French fries recipe ( How to
make french fry ) 3 easy ways to peel almonds quickly ( How to blanch almond
fast ) Chicken biryani recipe | How to make chicken biryani

