http://www.tasty-indian-recipes.com/indo-chinese/chilli-chicken-recipe/


__

__

__

  * Veg __
    * Vegetable Recipes
    * Paneer Recipes
    * Rice Recipes
    * Indian Dal Recipes
    * Indian Bread
    * Paratha Recipes
  * Non Veg __
    * Chicken
    * Chicken Kebab Recipes
    * Mutton Recipes
    * Egg
    * Fish
  * Indo Chinese
  * Snacks __
    * Indian Snack Recipes
    * Indian Chaat Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
  * Kebab
  * Breakfast
  * Accompaniment __
    * Chutney
    * Raita Recipes
    * Sweets Recipes
    * Desserts
    * Soup Recipes
    * Cake Recipes
    * Chocolate Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Jam, Jelly and Candy Recipes
    * Pudding Recipes
    * Salad Recipes
    * Pickle Recipes
  * Regional __
    * Bengali Recipes
    * Gujrati Recipes
    * Goan Recipes
    * Hyderabadi Recipes
    * Kashmiri Recipes
    * Maharashtrian Recipes
    * Punjabi Recipes
    * Rajasthani Recipes
    * Sindhi Recipes
    * South Indian Recipes
    * North Indian Recipes
  * More __
    * Beverages
    * Pizza Recipes
    * Articles
    * Indian Cooking Glossary
    * Healthy Cooking
    * Kitchen Care

__

Search

  * Veg Recipes
  * Chicken Recipes
  * IndoChinese
  * Snack
  * Fast Cooking
  * Breakfast
  * Kebab
  * Chutney
  * Easy
  * Pizza
  * Sandwich
  * Egg

__

Tasty Indian Recipes

__

  * Veg
    * Vegetable Recipes
    * Paneer Recipes
    * Rice Recipes
    * Indian Dal Recipes
    * Indian Bread
    * Paratha Recipes
  * Non Veg
    * Chicken
    * Chicken Kebab Recipes
    * Mutton Recipes
    * Egg
    * Fish
  * Indo Chinese
  * Snacks
    * Indian Snack Recipes
    * Indian Chaat Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
  * Kebab
  * Breakfast
  * Accompaniment
    * Chutney
    * Raita Recipes
    * Sweets Recipes
    * Desserts
    * Soup Recipes
    * Cake Recipes
    * Chocolate Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Jam, Jelly and Candy Recipes
    * Pudding Recipes
    * Salad Recipes
    * Pickle Recipes
  * Regional
    * Bengali Recipes
    * Gujrati Recipes
    * Goan Recipes
    * Hyderabadi Recipes
    * Kashmiri Recipes
    * Maharashtrian Recipes
    * Punjabi Recipes
    * Rajasthani Recipes
    * Sindhi Recipes
    * South Indian Recipes
    * North Indian Recipes
  * More
    * Beverages
    * Pizza Recipes
    * Articles
    * Indian Cooking Glossary
    * Healthy Cooking
    * Kitchen Care

____

Home __Chicken Recipes __ Chilli Chicken Recipe

  * Chicken Recipes
  * Indo Chinese

# Chilli Chicken Recipe

__

Share on Facebook

__

Tweet on Twitter

______

Chilli Chicken Recipe

Chilli Chicken is a mouth-watering Indo Chinese chicken recipe, here fried
chicken is cooked in the combination of Indian vegetables and Chinese flavors
and turned into delicious and simply irresistible main course dish, which can
be also served as a starter.

Chilli Chicken Recipe is a popular Chicken Starter or Appetizer from the Indo-
chinese cuisine. Here boneless chicken (fillets or cubes) are marinated in
Egg, Cornflour, Maida and Salt and then deep fried and seasoned in sauces to
get the best Chinese chilli chicken.

Chilli Chicken tastes hot, sweet and sour, because of Soy Sauce, Chilli Sauce
and Vinegar. This famous Chinese Dish is best to serve with Fried rice and
Hakka noodles. You can browse several Indo-Chinese Recipes and Chicken Recipes
in my blog, this one is one of my favorites. This Chili Chicken Recipe is
famous in restaurants and there they usually use Ajjinomotto (Monosodium
glutamate) to give a unique flavor, but I haven't used Ajinomotto and my
chilli chicken recipe still it tastes great.

Eggs are very necessary to add during marination, it helps to keep the chicken
moist and tender. Eggs also helps in binding the flour well and gives a good
crust. An alternate to food color is using a good red chili powder like
kashmiri or bedgi. Lets start making **chilli chicken recipe**.

## Chilli Chicken Recipe - Step by Step

Following are the ingredients required for making Chilli Chicken Recipe.
Boneless Chicken, All purpose Flour (Cornflour), Maida, Spring Onion White,
Spring Onion Greens, Capsicum, Green Chilies, Curry Leaves, Ginger, Garlic,
Soy Sauce, Red Chili Sauce.

Slit the Green Chilies. Slice the Capsicum, make some cubes of white spring
onion and finely chop the greens of spring onion. Arrange the veggies and keep
aside.Break the egg and put it in a bowl along with pieces of boneless
chicken. Add 2 tablespoon Cornflour and 5 tablespoon Maida and mix well.Add
Salt and Red Chili Powder and mix it thoroughly.Mix all the ingredients
properly and keep them aside for 10-15 minutes.Shallow Fry the chicken in non-
stick pan. You can also deep fry chicken but deep frying will make chicken
more oily. I prefer shallow frying chicken. Allow the chicken pieces to fry
for 2-3 minutes on each side on medium heat, keep flipping chicken in between
till its gold brown.Cook the chicken pieces on both sides for few minutes.
**TIR Chef Tip:** Cover the pan with lid and cook chicken for 2 more minutes.
This will make chicken little crispy and moist from inside.See, how the
chicken has turn gold brown. Make sure you don't over cook chicken, otherwise
it will become hard from inside. Take out the chicken and keep it aside for
few minutes before making chilli chicken. **TIR Chef Tip:** You can also cut
this chicken in smaller pieces, these pieces can also be used in chicken Hakka
noodles, chicken fried rice and of course for making chilli chicken.

Let us now prepare CornStarch. Take a cup and add 100ml water, 1 tablespoon
cornflour in it, mix it well till all the cornflour is dissolved in the water.
Heat 2 tablespoon oil in pan and add Onion cubes, Slitted Green Chillies,
Capsicum, Curry Pata leaves, Ginger and Garlic. Toss all the ingredients on
high flame for 2-3 minutes and then add Soy Sauce, Red Chilli Sauce and
Cornstarch in it.Add Soy Sauce.

Add Red Chilli Sauce and keep mixing to blend the sauces. Cook all the
ingredients for 1-2 minutes, till gravy become thick.Once gravy becomes little
thicker, add fried pieces of chicken, 1/4 tablespoon vinegar and one cup
finely chopped green spring onions.Cook for 1-2 minutes and now your Chilli
Chicken is ready. **Tir Chef Tips:** If you want to make chilli chicken very
dry then you may skip adding cornstarch and add 1 tablespoon tomato ketchup in
it. If you want to make chilli chicken in gravy then add 200ml of water while
preparing corn starch.

Here is my Chilli Chicken Dry. Do let me know, how was your chilli chicken in
comments section bellow.

# How to make Chilli Chicken :

Print

Chilli Chicken Recipe

Rating: 51

Prep Time: 5 minutes

Cook Time: 20 minutes

Total Time: 25 minutes

Yield: 4 Servings

Serving Size: 1 Cup

Calories per serving: 325

Fat per serving: 8.4g

Chilli Chicken Recipe is a mouth-watering Indo Chinese chicken recipe, here
fried chicken is cooked in the combination of Indian vegetables and Chinese
flavors.

Ingredients

  * 400 gm boneless chicken 
  * 10 curry leaves 
  * 2 slitted green chilies 
  * 1 cup sliced green capsicum (Green Bell Pepper) 
  * 1 cup cubed white spring onion 
  * 1/2 cup finely chopped green spring onion 
  * 1 tbsp red chilli sauce 
  * 1 tbsp soya sauce 
  * 1/4 tbsp vinegar 
  * 1/4 tsp white pepper powder 
  * 1/2 tsp Red chili powder 
  * 2 tbsp Corn flour 
  * 5 tbsp All purpose Flour (Maida) 
  * 4 tbsp finely chopped garlic 
  * 2 tbsp finely chopped ginger 
  * 1 egg 
  * Oil for frying 
  * Salt to taste

Instructions

  1. Cut Boneless Chicken in medium size pieces. Take a bowl and add, boneless chicken, 1 egg, 2 tablespoon Cornflour, 5 tablespoon Maida, 1/2 tsp red chilli powder, 1 tsp salt and mix all ingredients together. Keep marination aside for 10-15 minutes. 
  2. Take a non stick pan and shallow fry the marinated chicken. You can also deep fry chicken marination but I prefer shallow frying, as it takes less oil while shallow frying. Shallow Fry chicken for 5-6 minutes. Shallow fry each side of chicken for 2-3 minutes or till chicken is golden brown in color. Once chicken is fried cover it in lid and fry it on low flame for 2 more minutes to make it crispier and tender from inside. After frying chicken, take it out from the pan and keep it aside for 5-10 minutes. 
  3. Take a wok or pan and add 10 curry leaves, 2 slitted green chilies, 1 cup sliced green capsicum, 1 cup cube cut white spring onion, 4 tbsp finely chopped garlic, 2 tbsp finely chopped ginger and pinch of white pepper powder and stir fry all the vegetables for 3-4 minutes. 
  4. Make CornStarch by adding 1 tbsp cornflour in 100ml of water and add it in the wok / pan. Add 1 tbsp soya sauce, 1 tbsp red chilli sauce, 1/4 tbsp vinegar, 1/4 tsp white pepper powder and keep it mixing for 1-2 minutes till sauce become thicker. 
  5. Add Chicken and 1/2 cup finely chopped green spring onion and stir fry all the ingredients for 1-2 minutes. Your Chicken Chilly Dry is now ready to be served.

Notes

If you want to make chilli chicken very dry then you may skip adding
cornstarch and 1 tablespoon tomato ketchup in it. If you want to make it in
little gravy then add 200ml of water while preparing corn starch.

3.1

Tasty Indian Recipes

### Related Recipes

  * Hakka Noodles Recipe
  * Schezwan Mushroom Dry Recipe
  * Vegetable 65 Recipe
  * Vegetable Manchurian Recipe
  * Chinese Spring Roll Recipe
  * Chinese Chicken Wings Recipe
  * Shanghai Chicken Recipe
  * Shanghai Paneer Recipe
  * Dry Manchurian Recipe
  * Chilli Paneer Recipe
  * Chilli Paneer Dry Recipe
  * Paneer Manchurian Recipe

  * TAGS
  * Chinese Recipes
  * featured_indian_recipe2
  * Indian Chicken Recipes
  * Indian Chinese Recipes
  * Indo Chinese Food
  * Most Popular Recipes
  * Non-Vegetarian Recipes
  * Starters

SHARE

__

Facebook

__

Twitter

______

  *   * tweet

Priya

#### 9 COMMENTS

  1. Sandhya Remesh September 6, 2013 at 10:53 am

Looks quite temptingâ€¦

Reply

  2. arshiya March 26, 2014 at 10:32 pm

is there any side effect of ajino motto?

Reply

    * Anonymous March 31, 2014 at 3:13 pm

Now a days anjino motto is avoided in making Chinese Dishes. To know more
about its health effects and side effects please read this articleâ€¦.

http://fitbandits.com/health-effects-of-ajinomoto/

Reply

  3. Anu Sahji May 15, 2014 at 12:30 pm

I tried making this at home but my chicken was not cooked properly and it came
out watery, can you please tell what I was doing wrong?

Reply

    * Priya July 3, 2014 at 9:19 am

Hi Anu,  
I think you might have added more beaten eggs and soya sauce in the marinade
in which chicken pieces are to be coated. In such case, you can increase the
quantity of cornstarch. Also after rinsing the chicken pieces, keep them in
strainer for some time to drain the whole water. While frying the chicken
pieces, fry them on low flame, till the chicken is cooked properly. Hopefully
it will help.

Reply

  4. Sohel June 12, 2014 at 10:44 am

Mouth Watering !

Reply

  5. S Basu June 27, 2014 at 9:56 am

I tried this recipe and it came out realy good. Thanks for sharing the recipe,

Reply

  6. anupama December 25, 2014 at 3:34 pm

can i use maida or rice flour instead of cornstarch?

Reply

  7. Lekhafoods January 24, 2015 at 10:43 am

wow looking so delicious and thank you very much for this mouth watering
recipe.

Reply

### LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply

Please enter your comment!

Please enter your name here

You have entered an incorrect email address!

Please enter your email address here

#### Indian Recipe Search

#### Recipes for Kids

### Fruit Custard Recipe

Priya - May 18, 2014

5

Fruit Custard Recipe is Kid's most Favorite Desert made with lot of Healthy
and Fresh Fruits and Custard Powder. Few Raisins are added for more flavors.

### Homemade Cheese Pizza Recipe

July 4, 2014

### Aloo Wedges Recipe

August 5, 2014

### Egg Toast Recipe

June 19, 2013

### Jalebi Recipe

September 12, 2014

Load more __

####  POPULAR CATEGORIES

  * Indian Snack Recipes202
  * Vegetable Recipes141
  * Paneer Recipes94
  * Indian Breakfast87
  * Chicken Recipes83
  * Rice Recipes69

(C) Tasty-Indian-Recipes.com

Edit with Live CSS

Save

Write CSS OR LESS and hit save. CTRL + SPACE for auto-complete.

