https://www.sweetteaandthyme.com/homemade-sweet-chili-sauce/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * About Me
  * Recipe Index
    * 30 Mins. or Less
    * Thirsty Thursday
    * Dinner
    * Brunch and Breakfast Recipes
    * Desserts
  * Work with Me
    * Brands and Sponsors
  * Contact
    * Privacy Policy & Disclaimers
  * Search

Sweet Tea + Thyme

menu icon

  * Recipe Index
  * Work with Me
    * Contact
  * The Mastermind
  * Subscribe
  * Privacy Policy & Disclosures

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Recipe Index
  * Work with Me
    * Contact
  * The Mastermind
  * Subscribe
  * Privacy Policy & Disclosures

×

Home » Appetizers

August 14, 2017

# Homemade Thai Sweet Chili Sauce

Sharing is caring!

  * Facebook
  * Pinterest

Jump to Recipe

Sweet Chili Sauce may become your new favorite condiment. It's easy to make,
zesty, sweet, and spicy, lasts a while and uses real ingredients you already
have in your pantry!

##### PIN this SWEET CHILI SAUCE recipe in your CONDIMENTS, ASIAN, SPICY, AND
TAKEOUT BOARDS on PINTEREST. And follow Sweet Tea & Thyme on Pinterest for
more tips, hacks, and tasty recipes!

Jump to Recipe

Here on Sweet Tea and Thyme, I figure if we can make it at home with little
fuss and effort, why buy it? We were strolling through Whole Foods and found
the sweet chili sauce for $4 but I couldn't really figure any of the
ingredients out on the back besides HFCS and pureed chili peppers. I have a
big rule of 'if I don't know what's in it, I don't eat it.' when it comes to
food.

Not from an ignorance standpoint, more of a 'I don't want to drink antifreeze'
or accidentally eat peanut products (allergies!) standpoint. It's a legit
rule, especially with the products carried in stores not being what they seem.

Why do you need to tell us, "NOW WITH REAL MILK", "NOW WITH REAL BLUEBERRIES"
or "NOW MADE WITH REAL CHEESE", people?

What was it made with before?

What exactly is 'cheeze-flavored dairy by-product' anyway?



All the ingredients in this sauce are pretty common and you can use different
things for the chili aspect. The most authentic is to find some Thai chilies
at a store (they have them at Whole Foods), but you can also use red pepper
flakes, which is what I used to do. Nowadays, I use sriracha for color and
heat. It's easy to find in the store and reduces your clean up versus getting
the Thai chilies and chopping them up (and trying to not touch your face with
chili hands).

Sweet chili sauce has a great flavor, sweet, savory, with a bit of spicy, and
I keep it in the fridge (keeps for 2 months!) to dip a ton of our faves in.
This goes with anything takeout, like potstickers or wantons, and things not
takeout, like crispy fried calamari. After having calamari paired with sweet
chili sauce at Ruth's Chris Steakhouse, it's now my go to dipping sauce for
it. Seriously, give it a try.

###### Shop this Recipe

[amazon_link asins='B01CY3MREW,B00004OCNS,B01IAURJXM'
template='ProductCarousel' store='sweetteaandth-20' marketplace='US'
link_id='ba44a7d4-7e34-11e7-b467-0d9a5f3c47a1']

* * *

##### For more great recipes, subscribe to Sweet Tea & Thyme!

##### And let's connect on social media through FACEBOOK, TWITTER
andINSTAGRAM. I love getting to know you guys!

Continue to Content

## Thai Sweet Chili Sauce

_Yield:_ 2 cups

_Prep Time:_ 3 minutes

_Cook Time:_ 8 minutes

_Total Time:_ 11 minutes

Sweet Chili Sauce may become your new favorite condiment. It's easy to make,
zesty, sweet, and spicy, lasts a while and uses real ingredients you already
have in your pantry!

Print

### Ingredients

####

  * 1 cup water 
  * 1 cup rice vinegar 
  * ½ cup sugar 
  * 2 cloves garlic, minced 
  * 3 tablespoon fish sauce 
  * 2 teaspoon sriracha 
  * 1 teaspoon ketchup 
  * 1 teaspoon ground ginger 
  * 1 tablespoon cornstarch 
  * 2 tablespoon water 

### Instructions

  1. In a saucepan, pour vinegar and water and bring to a boil over high heat. Stir in sugar, garlic, fish sauce, sriracha, ketchup, and ginger, then bring heat down to medium and let reduce for 5 minutes. 
  2. Stir together cornstarch and 2 tablespoon water in small bowl to create a slurry. Whisk in slurry then let cook for 2-3 minutes, or until sauce thickens. 
  3. Remove from heat and let cool, then put into a container and cover. Refrigerate. 

### Notes

Stays fresh for 2 months.

###### Nutrition Information:

  
_Amount Per Serving:_ Calories: 19

### Did you make this recipe?

I love seeing you make my recipes and hearing how they went for you! Leave a
comment and a star rating in the recipe card and be sure to tag any photos
with #SWEETTEAANDTHYME

(C) Britt

**Cuisine:** Asian  / **Category:** Dip

* * *



See you in the next post!

Eden Westbrook

Eden Westbrook is the recipe developer, writer, and photographer behind Sweet
Tea and Thyme. A classically trained chef, Eden has inspired home cooks into
the kitchen with cultural comfort foods, easy family-friendly eats and sweets,
and glorious spreads for date night and entertaining since 2015.

www.sweetteaandthyme.com

## More

  * Short Rib Bolognese Sauce

  * Weeknight Chicken Cordon Bleu

  * Avocado Toast with Poached Egg

  * How to Meal Plan

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Sarah says

June 15, 2020 at 3:03 pm

This turned out so well. I loved that I could easily make this with everything
I had in the cupboard.

Reply

  2. Seyaa says

December 15, 2019 at 9:36 pm

Hi Eden.  
I would love making this chili sauce. I was wondering if I were to use red
pepper flakes or even Thai chili’s what would be the quantities? Btw I buy my
chili sauce from Trader Joe’s and we go through it rather fast. I’m so happy I
could make it instead.

Reply

    * Eden Westbrook says

December 22, 2019 at 2:28 pm

The amount really depends on how hot you like your sweet chili sauce. Sriracha
is pretty low in Scoville Units, about 1,000-2,500 units, while things like
Thai chilis range from 50,000-100,000 units and fresh red pepper flakes range
from 30,000-50,000 units. So stay under a half-teaspoon's worth for both (and
remove the seeds and membrane from the Thai chilis) unless you really want
your sauce to be very spicy.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

Notify me of new posts by email.

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

## Hey, I'm Eden!

I'm a mom, a wife, a classically trained chef, a believer, and lover of good
butter!

My blog is all about teaching you multicultural comfort foods, seasonal
recipes, and dishes and drinks to enjoy in your everyday life!

More about me →

### Popular

  * Southern Fried Chicken and Waffles with Spicy Honey Butter Sauce

  * Coconut Shrimp + Dipping Sauce

  * Super Moist Chocolate Chip Banana Bread

  * (Soul Food) Southern Baked Mac and Cheese

### As Seen In

Business Insider. Food52. Essence Magazine. Food Blogger Pro. Buzzfeed. MSN.
Good Housekeeping. Eat Blog Talk. Self. Delish. PARADE. Taste of Home. Well +
Good.

And so many more!

## The Best Summer Recipes

  * Bacon and Mushroom Carbonara

  * The Ultimate Turkey Avocado Sandwich

  * 4 Ingredient Guacamole Recipe

  * Simple Paloma Lemonade Mocktail

## Join us!

**Subscribe to our newsletter**

for family weeknight ideas, the best weekend baking projects, and plenty of
happy hour plans!

## Footer

^ back to top

### About

  * Privacy Policy

### Contact

  * Contact

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2020 **Brunch Pro** on the Brunch Pro Theme

Skip to Recipe

  *   *   *   * 

