https://ohsnapletseat.com/2013/07/08/chinese-stir-fried-cabbage/


Skip to Content

Search Magnifying Glass

Search for: Close Search ×

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Asian Recipes
    * Chinese Recipes
    * Taiwanese Recipes
    * Entree
    * Meat
    * Seafood
    * Side dishes
    * Veggies
    * Keto Recipes
    * Paleo Recipes
  * Blog
  * Shop
  * About
    * About Me
    * Contact Me
    * Work With Me
  * Asian Food Atlanta

# Cabbage Stir Fry with Dried Shrimp

Categories Asian Recipes, Chinese Recipes, Food, Gluten Free Recipes, Keto
Recipes, Paleo Recipes, Recipes, Side dishes, Stir Fry, Taiwanese Recipes,
Veggies, Whole30 Recipes

Sharing is caring!

  *   *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe

Cabbage Stir Fry with Dried Shrimp - When I was little, I thought it was
strange that many of my friends growing up didn't like eating cabbage.  My mom
has always stir fried it with dried shrimp (蝦米) giving it a tasty flavor, and
I loved it! Maybe it was because not many people made it in this manner!  So
let me share this healthy (the dried shrimp has some great health benefits as
I'll explain later) and paleo (also gluten free) side recipe with you!

## Taiwanese Cabbage

For this dish, we usually use Taiwanese cabbage aka flat cabbage. However, if
you can't find any, you can use regular cabbage.

The Taiwanese cabbage or flat cabbage has a large flat head. In comparison to
regular green cabbage, Taiwanese cabbage is more sweet and tender. This is the
type of cabbage most often used in Asian cuisine.

Taiwanese Cabbage

## Dried Shrimp

Dried shrimp (aka 蝦米) are sun dried shrimps that have been preserved and used
in many Asian cuisines. It adds a umami flavor to the dish. We always have a
jar (or 2) of dried shrimp in the house, as there are different types too!

If you don't have any, you can buy them from any Asian supermarkets. You can
also find some on amazon, and if all else fails, you could really skip them
and just cook cabbage with the smashed garlic to bring additional delicousness
to this cabbage recipe.

## How to make cabbage stir fry?

### Ingredients

  * Half of a cabbage head (We use the Taiwanese Green cabbage)
  * 1/4 cup of dried shrimps
  * 2 tbsp oil of choice
  * Salt, as desired

### Instructions

Shred your cabbage by cutting it in to thin long pieces. Heat up olive oil in
a frying pan on medium high heat.

Now, about your dried shrimp:  You can buy these at any Asian super markets or
you can find it on amazon!  They are basically shrimp that have been sun dried
and shrunk to a thumbnail size.  They have some great health benefits because
they are a great source of calcium and protein, and low in fat!   You can add
this in many different Chinese cooking, and it is edible. The ones my family
likes to use happens to be bigger than your average dried shrimp.

Throw in your dried shrimp in to the heated oil for about a minute (depends a
lot on how hot your heat actually is) or until the dried shrimp has browned
(not burnt!).

You'll start smelling a yummy shrimp smell in your kitchen while this is
happening (unless you hate shrimp…. then you probably shouldn't make this
recipe…) Add in your shredded cabbage to the hot oil still in the pan.

Stir fry the cabbage for about a minute, and then cover for about 3 minutes.
Then, uncover, and stir fry for 5 minutes or until the cabbage turns
translucent/soft.   You can add about 2 tbsp of water if you think it is too
dry.

Remove from heat and serve!

Continue to Content

# Cabbage Stir Fry with Dried Shrimp

Print

## Ingredients

  * 1/2 head of cabbage (We use the Taiwanese Green cabbage) 
  * 1/4 cup of dried shrimps 
  * 2 tbsp oil of choice 
  * Salt, as desired 

## Instructions

  1. Shred your cabbage by cutting it in to thin long pieces.
  2. Heat up olive oil in a frying pan on medium high heat.
  3. Throw in your dried shrimp in to the heated oil for about a minute (depends a lot on how hot your heat actually is) or until the dried shrimp has browned (not burnt!). 
  4. Add in your shredded cabbage to the hot oil still in the pan.
  5. Stir fry the cabbage for about a minute, and then cover for about 3 minutes. Then, uncover, and stir fry for 5 minutes or until the cabbage turns translucent/soft. (You can add about 2 tbsp of water if you think it is too dry.)
  6. Remove from heat and serve!

## Recommended Products

As an Amazon Associate and member of other affiliate programs, I earn from
qualifying purchases.

  * Fine Ground Celtic Sea Salt - (1) 16 Ounce Resealable Bag of Nutritious, Classic Sea Salt, Great for Cooking, Baking, Pickling, Finishing and More, Pantry-Friendly, Gluten-Free 

  * 365 Everyday Value, Organic Extra Virgin Olive Oil, 100% Mediterranean Blend, 33.8 fl oz 

  * XLSEAFOOD Grade Premium Sun Dried Ecuador Shelled White Prawn Shrimp #500(500-550pcs/lb) 0.5 Lb (8oz) 美国旭龙行 特级厄瓜多尔去壳去头白虾大金钩 0.5 lb (#500-8oz) 

### Nutrition Information:

### Yield:

4

### Serving Size:

1  
_Amount Per Serving:_ Calories: 104Total Fat: 7gSaturated Fat: 0gTrans Fat:
0gUnsaturated Fat: 6gCholesterol: 11mgSodium: 206mgCarbohydrates: 9gFiber:
3gSugar: 4gProtein: 3g

_The nutrition information for this recipe is an approximate total per
serving. Please double check the nutrition information for your exact
ingredients and brands for more precise nutrition information._

## Did you like this recipe?

Did you like this recipe? Share on Facebook, Instagram or Pinterest and tag
@ohsnapletseat!

(C) Oh Snap! Let's Eat!

Looking for more delicious authentic Chinese side dishes like this stir fry
cabbage? Check out my Bok Choy recipe here or Napa Cabbage stir fry here.

## Pin for later!

Sharing is caring!

  *   *   *   *   * 

By Author TinaTsai

Posted on Last updated: January 14, 2022

Categories Asian Recipes, Chinese Recipes, Food, Gluten Free Recipes, Keto
Recipes, Paleo Recipes, Recipes, Side dishes, Stir Fry, Taiwanese Recipes,
Veggies, Whole30 Recipes

Tags cabbagedried shrimpstir fry

## Post navigation

Easy Paleo Brownies (Gluten Free, Grain Free, Garbage Free)

Paleo Apple Banana Smoothie

Click here to cancel reply.

Δ

jennifer

Tuesday 2nd of June 2020

I've never tried dried shrimp before -- now I need to! This sounds like a
great "pantry" meal when not much in the produce bin (other than cabbage, lol)

28 Succulent AIP Shrimp Recipes

Wednesday 18th of April 2018

[…] Simple Chinese Stir-Fry Cabbage with Dried Shrimp […]

Keto Recipes

Saturday 24th of March 2018

Thank you for sharing this delicious recipe!

Angela @ ketogenic

Friday 26th of January 2018

Simple yet looks delicious and is easy to prepare. Will definitely try this.

26 AIP Chinese Recipes (You Won't Need To Get Takeout Again)

Wednesday 6th of December 2017

[…] Simple Chinese Stir-Fry Cabbage with Dried Shrimp […]

### Let's Connect!

  *   *   *   *   * 

Hi there! My name is Tina and I freakin' love food! So here's my blog - it's
90% about delicious food and 10% about other things. If you're curious, read
more here!

Psst... do you live in Atlanta? Check out my other food blog - Asian Food
Atlanta to check out where to eat delicious Asian food in Atlanta!

Home

About

Privacy Policy

Copyright © Oh Snap! Let's Eat!, LLC 2022 - This blog features affiliate
links. If you see a link to a product for sale on Amazon or otherwise in any
of my posts, I earn a small commission if you click through and buy it. As
always, all opinions are my own :) By using this website you agree to our
Privacy Policy / Terms and Conditions

Skip to Recipe

748 shares

  * Facebook
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * Yummly
  * Email

