https://khinskitchen.com/stir-fry-prawns-broccoli/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * All Recipes
  * Popular
  * Asian
  * Dinner
  * Noodles
  * Rice
  * Subscribe my Newsletter
  * About Me
  * Contact Me
  * Terms & Conditions
  * search...

menu icon

search icon

search...

  * All Recipes
  * Popular
  * Asian
  * Dinner
  * Noodles
  * Rice
  * Subscribe my Newsletter
  * About Me
  * Contact Me
  * Terms & Conditions

×

Home > Recipes > Seafood

# Stir-Fry Prawns & Broccoli

Published: Jul 8, 2020 · Modified: Mar 15, 2021 · by Khin · This post may
contain affiliate links.

Jump to Recipe

Quick and easy stir-fry prawns & broccoli recipe, you can make in 20 minutes.
Cooked in sweet & savoury sauce with a kick of bird eye chilli. You can serve
it over a bowl of steamed rice or stir fry noodles. Perfect weeknight dinner
option!

## Chinese Prawn Stir Fry

Stir fry dishes and are a staple in Asian families and it takes very little
time to prepare. You can add any seafood, protein, or vegetables left in your
fridge and make it a stir fry. And all the seasoning sauces used are cupboard-
friendly and available in most supermarkets. You just need to pair it with a
bowl of simple cooked rice, egg fried rice, or noodle to serve together.

Prawn stir fry is one of the quickest and easiest stir fry dishes that I love
to make when we are on a busy schedule. As this is a very versatile dish every
restaurant, takeaway, and family has their own version of it. With this
recipe, you can create your own restaurant-style prawn stir fry at home with
minimum effort. Super budget-friendly and a lot faster and tastier than
ordering from your nearest takeaway!

### Simple ingredients you will need

#### King Prawns

Can you use cooked prawns in a stir fry? Yes, you do and I've used cooked king
prawns for this recipe, but you can try with fresh peeled and deveined prawns.
Cooked prawns take less time to cook, you just need to toss it with high-heat
until piping hot. You can also swap it with squid, mixed seafood, chicken, or
any of your favourite protein. If you wish to make it with beef, check out our
Quick Beef and Broccoli Recipe and learn how to make tender beef stir fry.

#### Vegetables

Use any stir fry greens or vegetables that you love. I love to make with
tender stem broccoli as it is a lot faster to cook then regular broccoli head.
But it is totally fine to use broccoli head, kai lan ( Chinese broccoli ), pak
choy, bok choy, choy sum, or asparagus. Mushrooms, bell peppers, onions and
spring onions are perfect to add too!

If you want to learn how to make prawn stir fry noodles, check out our
Shanghai Style Prawn Stir Fry With Noodles and Malaysian style prawns noodles
Mee Goreng recipe.

#### Stir Fry Sauce :

You need only two simple sauces, soy sauce, oyster sauce, and a splash of
sesame oil. To create a glossy stir fry sauce, add corn starch water slurry.

#### **Traditional Wok or Non-stick Wok?**

Traditionally Chinese stir fry dishes are prepared on high heat wok to but for
home cooking, we can make it happen with any wok, pan, non-stick, or skillet
we already have in hand. You just need to make sure to cook it on medium or
high heat, based on the pan and stove you use. I use both non-stick wok and
carbon steel wok for my stir-fries depend on how much cleaning and wok
seasoning time I have.

We use carbon steel wok sometimes as my husband really likes the wok char
flavour but for the days that I don’t have much time for cleaning or seasoning
the wok I just use my non-stick wok. I used a non-stick wok for this recipe
and my prawns & broccoli turn out really well!

### How to serve this dish?

You can simply serve this dish with cooked rice, noodles, or fried rice. I
usually serve over hot steamed rice, topped with extra toasted sesame seeds,
spring onions, and crispy chilli oil. Pair it with Hot and Sour Soup, Crispy
Fried Wonton, or Chicken Fried Rice and make it a perfect family dinner.

## Simple Cooking Steps

Gather and prepare the tender stem broccoli, garlic, chilli and onion.

Stir fry the garlic with medium heat and follow with the onion slices.

When the onion slices are tender add the king prawns and stir fry with medium-
high heat for 1-2 mins.

Follow with the broccoli pieces and pour soy sauce and oyster sauce in. Add
the cut chillies and continue stir fry for 4-5 minutes, until the broccoli are
tender.

Pour the corn starch slurry in, stir well for a few seconds.

Add sesame oil, black pepper and salt to taste. Continue stir for 1-2 minutes.
Transfer to a serving plate.

Perfect with a bowl of steamed rice or a simple stir fry noodle. Enjoy!

### Watch how to make King Prawn Stir Fry recipe video

https://youtu.be/CAJGSX2ZVgMVideo can't be loaded because JavaScript is
disabled: How to Make Simple Broccoli Stir Fry | Quick & Easy
(https://youtu.be/CAJGSX2ZVgM)

## Stir-Fry Prawns & Broccoli

5 from 4 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Chinese Cuisine

Prep Time: 10 minutes

Cook Time: 10 minutes

Servings: 2

Calories: 185kcal

Author: Khin

### Ingredients

#### Ingredients

  * ▢ 180 g Cooked king prawns
  * ▢ 200 g Tenderstem Broccoli
  * ▢ 3 cloves Garlic
  * ▢ 3-4 Bird eye/ hot chilli
  * ▢ ½ Sweet onion
  * ▢ 2 tbsp Oil 
  * ▢ 1 tbsp Light soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 tbsp oyster sauce
  * ▢ 1 tsp Sesame oil
  * ▢ 1 tsp Corn/potato flour + water 3 tbsp

### Instructions

  * Cut the garlic and onion into thin slices. Cut the tenderstem broccoli into 2" pieces, cut the stem part into half lengthways . Cut the chillies into half lengthways. ( Scrape the chilli seeds out if you don't like too spicy. )

  * Heat the pan into medium heat, drizzle 2 tbsp oil. Add the garlic and stir for a few seconds. Then add the onion slices and stir for a few seconds.

  * Add the king prawns and stir fry with medium high heat for 1-2 mins.

  * Add the broccoli pieces and pour soy sauce and oyster sauce in. Then add the cut chillies. Continue stir fry until the broccoli is nearly softened.

  * Add the corn flour and water mixture in, stir well for a few seconds.

  * Add sesame oil, black pepper and salt to taste. When the broccoli is tender, transfer to a serving plate.

  * Simply delicious King Prawn and broccoli is ready. Perfect with a bowl of steamed rice or a simple stir fry noodle. Enjoy!

### Nutrition

Calories: 185kcal | Carbohydrates: 9g | Protein: 2g | Fat: 16g | Saturated
Fat: 1g | Trans Fat: 1g | Sodium: 756mg | Potassium: 140mg | Fiber: 1g |
Sugar: 4g | Vitamin A: 1IU | Vitamin C: 5mg | Calcium: 29mg | Iron: 1mg

Tried this Recipe? Pin it for Later!Mention @KhinsKitchen or tag
#KhinsKitchen!

If you enjoy our recipe, please leave a comment and give us a rating! If
you've tried this recipe, tag me on social media, I would love to see your
creations! Follow me on social media Facebook, Instagram, and Pinterest for
the latest recipe updates.

« Rice Noodle Stir-Fry (Chicken Chow Fun)

Gyoza | Pan Fried Dumplings »

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

## Primary Sidebar

  

**Hi, I'm Khin!** This blog is all about my family home cooking recipes. I
want to share how to make delicious meals from simplest method with step-by-
step cooking videos.

More about me →

### Popular Post

  * Sweet and Sour Chicken Hong Kong Style

  * Spicy Chicken Pasta

  * Crispy Salt and Chilli Chicken

  * King Prawn Chow Mein

  * Crispy Shredded Chicken

  * Crispy Chilli Beef (with Sweet Chilli)

### Asian Take out

  * Chinese Chicken Curry

  * Crispy Shredded Beef Recipe

  * Chinese Salt and Pepper Chips

  * Salt and Pepper Chicken

  * Lamb Karahi

  * Lamb Tikka Masala

  * Masala Chips

  * Crispy Honey Chilli Chicken

###  New Recipes

  * Salmon and Prawn Pasta

  * Satay Chicken Curry

  * Easy Beef Chow Mein

  * Easy Chicken Tempura

## Footer

↑ back to top

  * About Me
  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms & Conditions

  * Sign Up! for recipe newsletter

  * Contact

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2022 KHIN'S KITCHEN

