https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/chilli-garlic-stir-fried-asian-greens/7226e6d0-523c-4f37-9af6-92248ddc64f1


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Chilli and garlic stir-fried Asian greens

  * _05m_ prep
  * _05m_ cook
  * _4_ servings 

6

Save Recipe

426 people saved this

10 people made this

Serve this fragrant green side dish as part of your Asian dinner menu.

E

Emma Braz

81 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain gluten, wheat, tree nut, groundnut and sesame.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 8 Ingredients 
  * 2 Method Steps 

#### 8 Ingredients

  * 2 tsp peanut oil 

  * 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced 

  * 1 small red chilli, deseeded, thinly sliced 

  * 1 bunch choy sum, trimmed, stems and leaves separated 

  * 1 bunch gai lan (Chinese broccoli), trimmed, stems and leaves separated 

  * 1 tsp sesame oil 

  * 1 tbsp soy sauce 

  * 1 tbsp oyster sauce 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 2 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Heat peanut oil  (2 tsp peanut oil) in a wok over high heat. Add garlic  (2
garlic cloves, thinly sliced) and chilli  (1 small red chilli, deseeded,
thinly sliced). Stir-fry for 1 minute or until fragrant. Add choy sum stems
(1 bunch choy sum, trimmed, stems and leaves separated) and gai lan stems  (1
bunch gai lan (Chinese broccoli), trimmed, stems and leaves separated). Stir-
fry for 2 to 3 minutes. Add choy sum leaves and gai lan leaves. Stir-fry for 1
minute or until just wilted.

  * Step 2

Add sesame oil  (1 tsp sesame oil), soy sauce  (1 tbsp soy sauce) and oyster
sauce  (1 tbsp oyster sauce). Stir-fry for 1 minute or until heated through.
Serve. Serve this dish as a side with grilled chicken or fish. For a main, add
diced firm tofu with choy sum stems. Serve with rice.

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

10 people made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

426 people saved this

### Recipe Notes

Serve this dish as a side with grilled chicken or fish. For a main, add diced
firm tofu with soy chum stems.

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by Ben Dearnley

##  Popular on Taste

  1. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  2. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

  3. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  4. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

  5. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  6. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

  7. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

  8. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

