https://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/stir-fried-chinese-greens


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Recipes & Cooking
  * Drinks
  * Travel
  * Holidays + Events
  * News
  * F&W; Classic
  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Subscribe  Subscribe

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore Food & Wine

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * F&W Cooks

####  F&W; Cooks

Food and Wine presents a new network of food pros delivering the most cookable
recipes and delicious ideas online.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

####  Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

Looking to amp up your beef stew but unsure where to start? A slow cooker can
can take your comfort food to the next level.  Read More

    * 50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

####  50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

We’ve assembled a list of 50 of the world’s most reliable, inexpensive wines –
bottles that offer amazing quality for their price year in and year out.  Read
More

  * Recipes & Cooking

### Recipes & Cooking

See All Recipes & Cooking

    * Chicken
    * Comfort Food
    * Breakfast + Brunch
    * Salads
    * Desserts
    * Vegetables
    * Pasta + Noodles
    * Chefs
    * Meat + Poultry
    * Soup
    * Appetizers
    * Side Dishes
    * Fruits
    * Seafood
    * Special Diets
    * Cooking Techniques
    * Steal This Trick

  * Drinks

### Drinks

See All Drinks

    * Wine
    * Spirits
    * Coffee
    * Juices
    * Beer
    * Champagne + Sparkling Wine
    * Tea

  * Travel

### Travel

See All Travel

    * Wine Regions
    * Restaurants

  * Holidays + Events

### Holidays + Events

See All Holidays + Events

    * Valentine's Day
    * Halloween
    * Passover
    * Hanukkah
    * Christmas
    * Gifts
    * Super Bowl
    * Easter
    * Thanksgiving
    * New Year's Eve
    * Holiday Entertaining

  * News
  * F&W; Classic

### F&W; Classic

See All F&W; Classic

    * F&W; Classic Insider
    * Food & Wine Classic in Aspen

  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Subscribe  this link opens in a new tab

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Stir-Fried Chinese Greens

# Stir-Fried Chinese Greens

Rating: 5 stars

6258 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 6258 
  * 4 star values: 0 
  * 3 star values: 0 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 6,258 Ratings 

_Choy sum_ --sometimes called Chinese broccoli or flowering cabbage--is a
small green-stemmed Chinese vegetable similar to broccoli rabe, with a few
yellow flowers. Our children, who are not the world's most daring eaters, love
it stir-fried until it's bright green and still a little crunch. You can find
it at Asian produce markets and in some large supermarkets, or you can
substitute another Asian green, such as bok choy. **Plus:More Vegetable
Recipes and Tips**

By Jeffrey Alford and Naomi Duguid

May 1998

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Stir-Fried Chinese Greens

Credit: (C) Evan Sklar

## Recipe Summary

Yield:

4 SIDE-DISH SERVINGS

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1/2 cup chicken or vegetable broth 
  * 1 tablespoon oyster sauce 
  * 1 tablespoon Chinese cooking wine, dry white wine or dry sherry 
  * 1 tablespoon soy sauce 
  * 1/4 teaspoon sugar 
  * 1/4 teaspoon salt 
  * 1 tablespoon peanut oil or vegetable oil 
  * 3 scallions, cut into 1-inch lengths 
  * 1 tablespoon minced garlic 
  * 1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger 
  * 1 pound choy sum, sliced crosswise at 3-inch intervals, thickest stalks halved lengthwise 
  * 1 teaspoon cornstarch mixed with 1 tablespoon cold water 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

In a small bowl, combine the broth with the oyster sauce, wine, soy sauce,
sugar and salt.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Set a large wok over high heat. When it's hot, add the oil and swirl to coat.
After 20 seconds, add the scallions, garlic and ginger and stir-fry for 30
seconds. Add the choy sum and stir-fry for 2 minutes; press it against the
wok, then stir and press again. Add the sauce in the bowl and bring to a boil,
then cover and simmer for 3 minutes. Add the cornstarch mixture and continue
stir-frying until the sauce thickens, about 15 seconds. Transfer the greens to
a small platter and serve hot.

##  Notes

If you cannot find choy sum, substitute chopped broccoli rabe, mustard greens
or spinach.

Advertisement

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews

Add Rating & Review

Be the first to review! No reviews yet.

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Stir-Fried Chinese Greens

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Stir-Fried Chinese Greens

##  All Reviews for Stir-Fried Chinese Greens

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Food & Wine

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Books from Food & Wine
  * Contact Us
  * Advertise
  * Content Licensing
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithFood & Wine is part of the Meredith Corporation Allrecipes Food Group.
(C) Copyright 2022 Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Privacy
Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in a new
tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis link
opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Food & Wine. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.foodandwine.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Stir-Fried Chinese Greens

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

