https://vikalinka.com/easy-prawn-stir-fry/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

WHOLESOME RECIPES YOU CAN TRUST

Search

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * YouTube

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Breakfast
    * Lunch
    * Dinner
    * Starter
    * Bread
    * Side dishes
    * Asian recipes
    * Vegetarian
    * Drinks
    * Videos
  * Breakfast
    * Eggs
    * Pancakes, Muffins and More
    * Grains
    * Hot breakfast
  * Lunch
    * Salad
    * Soup
    * Sandwiches and more
  * Dinner
    * Chicken
      * Chicken breasts
      * Chicken thighs and drumsticks
      * Whole chicken
    * Beef
    * Pasta
    * Casseroles
    * Slow Cooker and Instant Pot
    * Pork
    * Fish and Seafood
    * Quick and Easy
    * Stew
  * Dessert
    * Cake
    * Pies
    * Cookies
    * Pastry
  * Collections
    * Asian Recipe Collection
    * Russian Recipe Collection
    * Italian Recipe Collection
    * Christmas Recipe Collection
    * Thanksgiving Recipe Collection
    * Easter Recipe Collection
  * About
    * Travel
    * Privacy policy
    * Contact Me

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Breakfast
  * Lunch
  * Dinner
  * Dessert
  * Collections
  * Videos
  * Travel
  * About

×

Home » Recipes » Asian recipes » Stir fries » Easy Prawn Stir Fry

February 24, 2022

# Easy Prawn Stir Fry

Published February 24, 2022 | Julia Frey (Vikalinka)

Jump to Recipe

 _ **Making a restaurant quality prawn stir fry, loaded with healthy
vegetables, is much easier and quicker than you think. It 's true fast food,
that is actually good for you!**_

If you love re-creating your takeout favourites at home, take a look at our
Asian Recipe Collection for tips and inspiration.

Whenever I feel like I've overindulged in the last while and need to lighten
up my meals, I turn to stir fries. Quick, easy on the stomach, chock full of
vegetables, they are the mid week saviors!

Better yet, everyone seems to love them. Even vegetable haters go for seconds.
What is the trick? There are a few if you ask me.

I believe the popularity of stir fried vegetables are down to several reasons.
One of them is the way of cooking vegetables is nothing like what we grew up
eating, unless you come from the cultures where stir fries are king. Lucky
you!

## Stir Fry Recipes

As someone, who grew up with the European style of cooking, where the meat is
the star of the meal, I was happy to discover another way of eating in my
early 20s.

I did a lot of travelling around Asia then, and even spent a whole year in the
Philippines. There I learned how to centre my meals around vegetables instead.
And I fell in love with that style of cooking.

The reason I believe stir fries are so popular is down to **the technique,**
in which they are prepared. If you look at them closely, you will see that all
vegetables are cut in bite-sized pieces or sliced thinly. No need for a knife
at the table.

That improves the texture of the dish and maximises the flavours since each
small piece of the veg is coated in that delicious sauce. Which brings me to
the next reason why people love stir fries.

**The sauce.  **Everything tastes better with a sauce on it and especially
vegetables. An aromatic blend of garlic, ginger and onions amp up that
experience even more. And don't even get me started on the soy sauce! Using
hoisin and oyster sauces, available in most supermarkets, instantly add loads
of flavour and a complex taste to your stir fries.

Finally, the frying itself is done over **high heat** , which sears the
outside of the vegetables and releases the their natural sugar. The inside
however, stays crispy. No more complaints about the soggy veg!

There you go. Simple yet so effective!

Whenever any type of protein is added, it is not there to dominate the stir
fry but merely to add a touch of flavour. This makes them also very
economical!

### Ingredients

Now let's talk about the **ingredients**. It's safe to say you can use any
vegetables you love and/or have on hand. You might not get the most authentic
stir fry but it's only because vegetables available to us in the West differ
from the Asian favourites.

That being said, you can always find bok choy, bean sprouts, snow peas (aka
mangetout in the UK), red or green peppers. Those are readily available in
most supermarkets.

This particular recipe was made using large pink Argentine prawns or shrimp,
as they are called in the US. Different names, same animal! But you can use
crab, chicken, very thinly sliced beef or tofu as your source of protein.

## Recipe Tips and Notes

  * Stir fries are extremely quick to make. Once you start cooking, there is no time to stop and chop or slice. Make sure you do all prep before you begin. 
  * Use fresh ginger and garlic. Those aromatics add so much flavour and cannot be compared to the garlic powder or dried ginger. 
  * You can use nearly any vegetables you like for your stir fry. Not just the ones I recommend. If you vegetables will take longer than 5 minutes to cook, blanch them first, then add to the pan to stir fry.
  * Feel free to replace the prawns/shrimp with chicken or tofu. 

**Favourite Stir Fry Recipes:**

  * Beef, Mushroom and Snow Pea Stir Fry
  * Teriyaki Chicken Stir Fry with Grilled Onions
  * Speedy Sesame Shrimp Stir Fry 

## Easy Prawn Stir Fry

Making a restaurant quality prawn stir fry, loaded with healthy vegetables, is
much easier and quicker than you think!

Print Pin Rate

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Chinese

Keyword: prawn stir fry

Prep Time: 10 minutes

Cook Time: 10 minutes

Servings: 4

Calories: 136kcal

Author: Julia Frey of Vikalinka

### Ingredients

  * 1 tbsp vegetable oil 
  * 250g/1/2 lbs large prawns (shrimp)  peeled and deveined
  * salt
  * 2 cloves garlic minced
  * 1 tbsp grated ginger
  * 3 spring/green onions sliced
  * 1 bok choy sliced
  * 150g/1 ¾ cups snow peas/mangetout
  * 80g/1 cup bean sprouts 
  * ½ red pepper
  * 1 tsp  sesame seeds optional

#### For the sauce

  * 2 tbsp hoisin sauce
  * 2 tbsp soy sauce
  * ½ tsp white pepper
  * ½ tsp  sesame oil 

### Instructions

  * Slice and mince all vegetables before starting. Heat the oil in a wok or a large and deep frying pan, then add the seasoned with salt prawns and cook for 2 minutes on each side till cooked all the way through. Remove to a plate. 

  * To the same pan, add the minced garlic, ginger and the sliced white parts of the spring onions, cook briefly while stirring for 30 seconds. Then add the chopped bok choy, snow peas/mangetout, bean sprouts , sliced red pepper and stir fry for a few minutes until the vegetables are cooked by still firm to the bite. 

  * Add the hoisin sauce, soy sauce, white pepper and sesame oil and stir to combine, continue cooking for a couple of minutes longer, then bring the prawns back to the pan and once again stir fry until the prawns are warmed through. Sprinkle with sliced green onions and sesame seeds before serving. Serve over rice. 

### Nutrition

Calories: 136kcal | Carbohydrates: 16g | Protein: 15g | Fat: 2g | Saturated
Fat: 1g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 1g | Monounsaturated Fat: 1g | Trans Fat: 1g |
Cholesterol: 79mg | Sodium: 1127mg | Potassium: 805mg | Fiber: 4g | Sugar: 8g
| Vitamin A: 10463IU | Vitamin C: 141mg | Calcium: 293mg | Iron: 3mg

« Creamy Mustard Chicken Pasta

Easy Peri Peri Rice »

  *   *   *   * 

#### About Julia Frey (Vikalinka)

Julia Frey is a London based recipe developer and photographer. Julia founded
Vikalinka in 2012 with the main mission to provide her readers with delicious
and accessible everyday recipes, which could be enjoyed by everyone.  
read more..

### Related Posts

  * ## Basil Pesto Chicken Caprese

  * ## Sicilian Pasta alla Norma

  * ## Traditional Salad Nicoise

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

## Primary Sidebar

### Never Miss A New Post!

Email address:

Leave this field empty if you're human:

Julia Frey is a London based recipe developer and photographer. Julia founded
Vikalinka in 2012 with the main mission to provide her readers with delicious
and accessible everyday recipes, which could be enjoyed by everyone.  
read more..

### Most Popular on Vikalinka

## Best Beef Stroganoff (VIDEO)

## Pasta Cream Sauce (VIDEO)

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * YouTube

## Footer

### As Featured On…

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * Privacy Policy

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates

### Contact

  * Contact

Copyright © 2022 **Vikalinka**

