https://mykoreankitchen.com/korean-spicy-squid-rice-bowl/


Skip to content

Never miss a new recipe

Subscribe

Blog View Videos

Search

Menu

  * About
  * Recipes
  * eBooks
  * Shop
  * Contact

Easy Korean Recipes

Home » Seafood » Korean Spicy Squid Rice Bowl (Ojingeo Deopbap)

# Korean Spicy Squid Rice Bowl (Ojingeo Deopbap)

1.1K shares

  *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe

Easy, delicious and addictive spicy squid rice bowl recipe.

Squid (오징어) is quite cheap and easy to get in Korea. Maybe because of that
there are many Korean dishes made with squid.

## What is Korean Spicy Squid Rice Bowl

One of my favorite ways and also one of the most popular ways to enjoy Korean
squid is turning it into a spicy squid rice bowl. This is called **Ojingeo
Deopbap** - 오징어 덮밥 in Korean.

In essence, it is a stir fried squid dish served on a bowl of rice. Squid
rings are covered in spicy and savory sauce and it is simply delicious! The
squid is also cooked with vegetables to add nice crisp texture in overall
dish.

This combination also produces a good amount of sauce, which can be used to
mix your rice with. It's addictive and what's more it's very easy and quick to
make, so it will be a perfect weeknight dinner!

## Squid vs. Calamari

I often thought that calamari is just another fancy name for squid. While some
people might agree with this, others say there are some differences.

While calamari is a type of squid, apparently it is smaller, tenderer and more
expensive.

Yet, many culinary experts and fishmongers say their difference is like
splitting hair.

Anyway, if you are interested in this comparison, you can read more about it
from these articles.

  * Difference between squid and calamari
  * Is there a difference between calamari and squid

For convenience reasons, I used pre-cut squid tubes that are readily available
in the freezer section of a grocery store. But you're welcome to use cleaned
whole squid including tentacles. You can either cut them into strips (e.g. a
little finger size) or cut them into ring shapes.

## Cooking Tips

  * The most common stir fried vegetables for this recipe are onion, green onions, carrots, and cabbage. You could instead add some zucchini or fresh chilies too.
  * A small amount of chopped kimchi (about 1/4 cup) can be added to bring out more complex taste and texture. If adding some kimchi, reduce the amount of soy sauce by 1 tsp in the seasoning sauce as kimchi will add some saltiness to the dish.
  * Korean chili oil can be optional, but it really adds nice subtle spicy flavor and rich red color. I highly recommend using it. Here's my homemade Korean chili oil recipe.
  * Don't overcook squid as it will become rubbery and lose the nice bouncy texture. For this reason, it is best to consume the dish soon after making it. 
  * If you don't eat spicy food well or you like to add some extra protein, serve the squid rice bowl with a fried egg. It will neutralise the spiciness a bit.

## More Korean Squid Recipes

  * Spicy Dried Squid Side Dish (Ojingeochae Bokkeum, 오징어채 볶음)
  * Korean Seafood Pancakes (Hgaemul Pajeon, 해물파전)

## Ingredients for Spicy Squid Rice Bowl (Serves 2)

### Main

  * 270g / 9.5 ounces squid (calamari), cut into ring shapes or little finger sized pieces
  * 1 Tbsp rice wine
  * 60g / 2 ounces onion, thinly sliced
  * 20g / 0.7 ounces green onion, chopped
  * 50g / 1.8 ounces carrot, thinly sliced
  * 80g / 2.8 ounces cabbage, chopped
  * Some cooking oil
  * 1 tsp sesame oil
  * 2 cups cooked rice, to serve
  * (optional) fried egg, to serve

### Seasoning Sauce

  * 1 Tbsp gochujang (Korean chili paste)
  * 1.5 Tbsp soy sauce, regular kikkoman
  * 2 Tbsp gochugaru (Korean chili flakes)
  * 2.5 Tbsp Korean chili oil
  * 1 Tbsp sugar
  * 1 tsp minced garlic
  * ground black peppers

### **Garnish**

  * (optional) sesame seeds
  * (optional) green onions, thinly sliced

* 1 Tbsp = 15 ml

** If you are unfamiliar with Korean ingredients, learn about them from here -
Korean ingredients.

##  How to Make Spicy Squid Rice Bowl

1\. Put the squid / calamari rings in a medium bowl. Add the rice wine and mix
well. Set aside.

2\. Combine all the seasoning sauce in a bowl and set aside.

3\. Pre heat a skillet over medium high heat until well heated. Add a generous
amount (2 to 3 Tbsp) of cooking oil and add onions and green onions. Stir for
1-2 mins until fragrant. The oil may splash, so watch out for that.

4\. Add the remaining vegetables. Stir over medium high heat until the cabbage
is slightly wilted (about 2 mins).

5\. Add the squid and the seasoning sauce. Stir evenly with the vegetables.
Reduce the heat to medium and cover the skillet with a lid and cook further
for about 5 mins or until the squid is cooked. Stir occasionally.

6\. Remove from the heat. Add the sesame oil and stir around quickly.

7\. Serve the cooked squid and vegetables on a bowl of rice. If adding,
garnish with sesame seeds and green onion and top up with a fried egg.

**Love Korean food?**  Browse lots more Korean recipes from my easy Korean
recipe collections. And subscribe to my newsletter and follow along on
Facebook, Pinterest and Instagram for all of the latest updates.

## Korean Spicy Squid Rice Bowl (Ojingeo Deopbap)

Easy and delicious Korean spicy squid rice bowl recipe.

5 from 6 votes

Print Pin Rate Save Saved!

Course: Main

Cuisine: Korean

Keyword: calamari rice, korean spicy squid, spicy calamari, spicy squid rice
bowl

Prep Time: 15 minutes

Cook Time: 10 minutes

Total Time: 25 minutes

Servings: 2

Calories: 442kcal

Author: Sue | My Korean Kitchen

### Ingredients

#### MAIN

  * ▢ 270 g squid / calamari (9.5 ounces), cut into ring shapes or little finger sized pieces
  * ▢ 1 Tbsp rice wine
  * ▢ 60 g onion (2 ounces), thinly sliced
  * ▢ 20 g green onion (0.7 ounces), thinly sliced
  * ▢ 50 g carrot (1.8 ounces), thinly sliced
  * ▢ 80 g cabbage (2.8 ounces), thinly sliced
  * ▢ Some cooking oil
  * ▢ 1 tsp sesame oil
  * ▢ 2 cups cooked rice , to serve
  * ▢ fried egg (optional), to serve

#### SEASONING SAUCE

  * ▢ 1 Tbsp gochujang (Korean chili paste)
  * ▢ 1.5 Tbsp soy sauce , regular kikkoman
  * ▢ 2 Tbsp gochugaru (Korean chili flakes)
  * ▢ 2.5 Tbsp Korean chili oil
  * ▢ 1 Tbsp sugar
  * ▢ 1 tsp minced garlic
  * ▢ ground black pepper

#### GARNISH (OPTIONAL)

  * ▢ sesame seeds
  * ▢ green onions , thinly sliced

### Instructions

  * Put the squid / calamari rings in a medium bowl. Add the rice wine and mix well. Set aside.

  * Combine all the seasoning sauce in a bowl and set aside.

  *  Pre heat a skillet over medium high heat until well heated. Add a generous amount (2 to 3 Tbsp) of cooking oil and add onions and green onions. Stir for 1-2 mins until fragrant. The oil may splash, so watch out for that.

  * Add the remaining vegetables. Stir over medium high heat until the cabbage is slightly wilted (about 2 mins).

  * Add the squid and the seasoning sauce. Stir evenly with the vegetables. Reduce the heat to medium and cover the skillet with a lid and cook further for about 5 mins or until the squid is cooked. Stir occasionally.

  * Remove from the heat. Add the sesame oil and stir around quickly.

  * Serve the cooked squid and vegetables on a bowl of rice. If adding, garnish with sesame seeds and green onion and top up with a fried egg.

### Notes

If you are unfamiliar with Korean ingredients, learn about them from here -
Korean ingredients.

### Nutrition Info (per serving)

Calories: 442kcal | Carbohydrates: 67g | Protein: 29g | Fat: 6g | Saturated
Fat: 1g | Cholesterol: 315mg | Sodium: 976mg | Potassium: 831mg | Fiber: 6g |
Sugar: 8g | Vitamin A: 6750IU | Vitamin C: 28mg | Calcium: 131mg | Iron: 4mg

The nutrition information shown is an estimate provided by an online nutrition
calculator. It should not be considered a substitute for a professional
nutritionist's advice.

Tried this recipe?I love hearing how you went with my recipes! Rate this
recipe with a comment below and tag me on Instagram @MyKoreanKitchen.

1.1K shares

  *   *   *   * 

### You May Also Like

  * Omurice (Omelette Rice)
  * Triangle Kimbap (Samgak Kimbap)
  * Korean Rice Balls (Jumeokbap)

Filed under: My Recipes, Rice, Seafood

Tagged with: rice, seafood, spicy, squid

#### Written by: Sue

#### Last Updated: February 19, 2021

Welcome to my Korean kitchen! I’m so happy that you're here. I am Sue, the
creator behind My Korean Kitchen (since 2006). I love good food and
simplifying recipes. Here you will find my best and family approved recipes.
Thanks for stopping by!

NEVER MISS A NEW RECIPE

Join 20,000+ other Korean food lovers! Get the latest recipes from My Korean
Kitchen delivered to your email inbox. It's free!

SUBSCRIBE

I will only send you emails related to My Korean Kitchen. Unsubscribe at any
time.

_Copyright: Unless otherwise noted, all photography and content on this site
is the intellectual property of Sue Pressey of My Korean Kitchen. Please do
not copy and/or paste full recipes and images to any social media channels or
websites without my prior written consent. This is strictly prohibited. You
may however, use a single image and a summary of my article in your own words,
provided that proper attribution is given to myself and an appropriate link
back to my original recipe. Thank you.  
  
Disclosure: My Korean Kitchen is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC
Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a
means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to
Amazon.com._

### Yukgaejang (Spicy Beef Soup)

### Garaetteok - Rice Cake Recipe

__ Subscribe __

Notify of

new follow-up comments new replies to my comments

Label

Rate This Recipe With Your Comment Rate This Recipe With Your Comment  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

__

Website

____

Label

Rate This Recipe With Your Comment Rate This Recipe With Your Comment  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

__

Website

____

12 Comments

__

__

Newest __

Oldest Most Voted

__Inline Feedbacks

View all comments

Load More Comments

#### ANNYEONG & WELCOME!

I'm Sue, the author/cook/photographer behind My Korean Kitchen. Here I talk
all about my love and passion for Korean food and Korean fusion food.

Read more

## Get My Cookbook & Video

## Essential Korean Ingredients

## My Korean Kitchen Store

## Make Korean BBQ at Home

NEVER MISS A NEW RECIPE

Join 20,000+ other Korean food lovers!

Get the latest recipes from My Korean Kitchen delivered to your email inbox.
**It's free!**

SUBSCRIBE

## Connect

## Information

About

Contact

Privacy Policy

Terms and Conditions

Resources

## Explore

Korean Pantry Essentials

Banchan Cookbook

Korean BBQ Guide

Korean Drama Food

Shop

© 2006 - 2022 My Korean Kitchen, All Rights Reserved

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Blog
  * Videos
  * eBooks
  * Shop
  * Contact

Close

wpDiscuz

Insert

NEVER MISS A NEW RECIPE

Join 20,000+ other Korean food lovers! Get the latest recipes from

My Korean Kitchen delivered to your email inbox. It's free!

SUBSCRIBE

