https://irenamacri.com/recipes/grilled-squid-with-garlic-chili-parsley/


Search for:  Search __

Menu Menu & Search

  * Home
  * All Recipes
    * Meals & Courses
      * Breakfast
      * Lunch
      * Dinner
      * Appetizers
      * Salads
      * Soups
      * Sides
      * Desserts
      * Snacks
      * Baking
      * Sauces & Condiments
    * Browse By Ingredient
      * Chicken
      * Lamb
      * Pork
      * Fish & Seafood
      * Vegetables
      * Eggs
      * Zucchini
      * Sweet Potatoes
      * Cauliflower
    * Special Diets
      * Paleo
      * Whole30
      * Low-Carb Keto
      * Vegetarian
      * Vegan
      * Mediterranean Diet
      * AIP (Autoimmune Paleo)
    * Cuisines
      * African
      * Asian
      * Chinese
      * Indian
      * Italian
      * Japanese
      * Mediterranean
      * Mexican
      * Middle Eastern
      * Thai
    * Collections
      * 30 Minute Meals
      * Make Ahead
      * Roundups
      * Summer
      * Winter
      * Christmas
      * Thanksgiving
    * Paleo Recipes
      * Paleo Breakfast
      * Paleo Lunches
      * Paleo Dinners
      * Paleo Side Dishes
      * Paleo Snacks
      * Paleo Appetizers
      * Paleo Desserts
      * Paleo Sauces & Condiments
      * Paleo Soups
    * Healthy Food Inspiration
  * Wellness
    * 30-Day Low-Carb Challenge
    * Nutrition
    * Mind & Mindset
    * Natural Beauty
    * Fitness
    * Reviews
  * Paleo Diet
    * Paleo Recipes
    * Paleo Diet Plan
    * What Is The Paleo Diet?
    * Paleo Diet Food List
    * Paleo Diet Benefits
    * Paleo Articles
  * My Books
    * Paleo Breakfast Cookbook
    * Eat Drink Paleo Cookbook
    * Happy Go Paleo Cookbook
    * Salad A Day Cookbook
  * Freebies
    * Low-Carb Challenge
    * Paleo Meal Plans
  * About
    * Work With Me
    * Privacy Policy

Search for:  Search __

Home » Recipes » Cuisines » Mediterranean Recipes » **Grilled Squid With
Garlic, Chili & Parsley**

# Grilled Squid With Garlic, Chili & Parsley

  *   * By Irena Macri
  *  | Published: July 28, 2019
  *  | 10 Comments

Jump to Recipe*Print Recipe

_In today 's post, I will share one of my favourite squid recipes. Delicious
and healthy, this **grilled squid with olive oil, garlic, chilli and parsley**
is my go-to dish to order when visiting a coastal restaurant, especially in
southern Europe. It's a super simple squid recipe that mostly relies on good
ingredients rather than your cooking skills. This dish is Paleo, Whole30,
Keto, Gluten-Free. _

* * *



## Grilled Squid With Garlic, Chili & Parsley

If you've ever travelled through the Mediterranean countries of Spain, Italy
or Greece (to mention a few), you would have undoubtedly come across grilled
squid or calamari on the menu.

While the fried squid or calamari rings have become more popular around the
world, my favourite has always been the grilled squid drizzled with olive oil,
lemon juice and some garlic or/and parsley. This is a much healthier way to
serve squid and really showcases its flavour and texture (when cooked right).

## WHAT IS SQUID & IS IT THE SAME AS CALAMARI?

Whether it's squid or calamari usually has to do more with the language than
the food itself. Squid comes from Italian and calamari from Spanish and French
words, but in most English-speaking countries we are mostly used to seeing
calamari on the menu (and in a deep-fried form).

Biologically speaking, squid and calamari are pretty similar. Squid (or
calamari, or even cuttlefish) are typically marine cephalopods molluscs (like
the octopus) belonging to the Loliginadae family.

Squid and calamari differ in size and the shape of some of their parts
slightly and calamari is considered more tender (or finer) and therefore more
expensive than squid. Squid also comes in different sizes, with smaller
varieties being more tender to cook.



## SQUID & CALAMARI NUTRITION

As with other seafood, calamari and squid are pretty nutritious and have many
health benefits. They provide copper, selenium, and zinc, and are great
sources of B vitamins. They are high in protein and low in calories and
carbohydrates, making them a great choice for those managing their weight and
blood sugar.

## HOW TO PREPARE SQUID

For this recipe, I am using fresh, whole, medium-sized squid tubes but you can
also use calamari. If you're buying whole, uncleaned squid, I recommend this
article to learn how to clean squid from scratch. But, I usually ask the
fishmonger to clean it initially, so I don't have to remove the insides and
the fin/beak etc.

**You then have three choices:** cut the squid into rings, or large slices or
leave it whole. I usually cut away the tentacles and grill them separately.
Then, using a sharp knife, I like to score the top of the squid meat in a
criss-cross pattern. For very small squid, you don't need to do that or you'll
risk cutting through its finer, thinner flesh.

**My personal tip:** the fresher the squid the better! Seriously, try and cook
it as quickly as possible as the flavour and aroma will change after a day.



## CAN I USE FROZEN SQUID?

If you bought a frozen squid, let it thaw out in the fridge or in cold water.
I wouldn't use the microwave as you risk actually cooking it.  Make sure it is
completely defrosted! Rinse the squid off with cold water and pat dry really
well to remove any moisture.

## HOW TO GRILL THE SQUID

As simple as grilling squid is, it is really to ruin it and end up with tough,
chewy flesh. **There are two tips to avoid this:**

  1. Make sure to **remove as much water or moisture from the squid as possible.** Once you've cleaned out and cut up the squid to your liking, pat dry all of the pieces using a paper towel. Drying the squid will help it to cook and brown faster, which is what we want. If it's too wet, it will first use the heat to dry up and then start to brown, which will take too long and will result in a tougher finish.
  2. The second tip is to **cook the squid (or calamari) on very high heat** for a short period of time. You can grill the rings or the whole pieces over hot coals, on a hot BBQ grill or in a frying pan (which is what I did). But, make sure the heat is high and the plate or a pan is very hot before you add the squid. 

The cooking time will vary depending on the size of the pieces but it should
start to get those grill marks and change the colour to more opaque white
within 2 minutes on each side. Smaller pieces might need less time and larger
ones a minute longer.

Another way to cook squid and calamari is to slow cook it or braise it for 30
minutes or longer. The tenderness will come back after a prolonged cooking
time and I love a yummy calamari stew with tomatoes and olive oil as well.

Once cut, pat dry the squid or calamari with a paper towel (read why below),
then brush with oil (or add to the pan) and season with salt. You're ready to
cook!



## HOW TO SEASON & FLAVOUR THE SQUID

In this recipe, I am using a very simple flavour combination of **good olive
oil, garlic, chili and parsley.** In Spain, you will mostly find a lashing of
olive oil with parsley or/and garlic, while in Italy you might find chili and
in Greece, some oregano or thyme. A drizzle of lemon juice will lift the dish
right at the end.

Again, the key is really good olive oil and fresh ingredients. Prepare
everything so you're ready to go as the cooking won't take too long.

##

## WHAT TO SERVE WITH GRILLED SQUID OR CALAMARI?

In Europe, grilled squid will often come with a side of chips, rice or/and
salad and some crusty bread to soak up the flavoured oil. I find it quite
satiating so I usually make a simple leafy green salad or a Greek salad.

You could also roast some sweet potato chips or serve a side of simple boiled
potatoes drizzled with olive oil or some melted butter. Or, just add the
boiled potatoes to your plate and they will soak up all those wonderful juices
from the squid, garlic and olive oil.

## MORE SEAFOOD RECIPES TO TRY

  * Find all of my fish and seafood recipes here
  * Oysters With Vietnamese Dressing
  * Super Easy Garlic & Parsley Cod
  * Golden Coconut Prawns With Honey Drizzle

* * *



Print

clock clock iconcutlery cutlery iconflag flag iconfolder folder iconinstagram
instagram iconpinterest pinterest iconfacebook facebook iconprint print
iconsquares squares iconheart heart iconheart solid heart solid icon

## Grilled Squid With Garlic, Chili & Parsley

★★★★★ 4.8 from 5 reviews

  * Author: Irena Macri
  * Prep Time: 15 minutes
  * Cook Time: 7 minutes
  * Total Time: 22 minutes
  * Yield: 2
  * Category: Main
  * Method: Grilled
  * Cuisine: Mediterranean

Print Recipe

Pin Recipe

* * *

### Description

When it comes to seafood, simplicity is key and this grilled squid recipe uses
simple cooking technique and a few high-quality ingredients to prepare a
stellar meal that is also very nutritious.

* * *

### Ingredients

Copy to clipboard Copy to clipboard

Scale 1x2x3x

4 squid tubes (very, very fresh)  

3-4 tablespoons of extra-virgin olive oil  

Sea salt  

3 large cloves of garlic, finely chopped  

1/2 long red chill, diced (you can deseed it for less heat)  

A handful parsley, chopped  

Juice of 1/4 lemon

* * *

### Instructions

Using a sharp knife, score the tops of the squid tubes in a few places and cut
away the tenticle pieces. Using a paper towel, pat dry the squid really well
to remove any surface moisture. This will help to cook the squid faster and
prevent it from becoming chewy. Set aside and prepare the aromatics.

Heat a tablespoon of olive oil in a large frying pan over high heat. Once
really hot (this is important), add the squid and cook for 2 minutes on each
side. Remove from the pan and sprinkle with sea salt.

Add 2-3 more tablespoons of olive oil to the pan. Reduce the heat slightly.

Add the garlic, chilli and most of the parsley to the pan and sauté in olive
oil for a minute until the garlic is golden brown. Add the squid pieces back
in and stir through. Cook together for 20-30 more seconds and drizzle with a
little lemon juice (about 1/4 of a lemon).

Serve on a plate with all of the garlic and parsley oil topped over the top.

* * *

### Notes

**For BBQ/outdoor grilling over coals:** pat dry the squid and brush with a
little oil, then grill for 2 minutes each side over high heat. Prepare the
garlic and parsley oil in a small pan or you can even keep it uncooked, which
will have a more robust flavour. You can brush it over the squid while
cooking, or drizzle over the top once it is cooked.

### Nutrition

  * **Serving Size:** 2 squid tubes
  * **Calories:** 366
  * **Sugar:** 1.9 g
  * **Sodium:** 664.8 mg
  * **Fat:** 23.7 g
  * **Carbohydrates:** 11.7 g
  * **Protein:** 28.2 g
  * **Cholesterol:** 407.8 mg

_**Keywords:** seafood, calamari_

### Did you make this recipe?

Cooked any of my recipes? Tag me @irenamacri on Instagram.



  * Categories:
  * 30 Minute Meals »
  * Whole30 »
  * Dinner »
  * Paleo Dinner Recipes »
  * Fish & Seafood »
  * Low-Carb Keto »
  * Mediterranean Recipes »
  * Recipes »
  * Mediterranean Diet »
  * Summer Recipes »
  * Paleo Recipes »
  * AIP »
  * Italian Recipes »

8.5KShares

  *  __
  *  __
  *  __
  *  __
  *  __
  *  __

  * « The BEST Paleo Muffin Recipes
  * Paleo On The Go: Breakfast, Lunch & Snacks »

##### BY IRENA MACRI

* * *

**About the author:** I share tasty recipes, tips, and meal plans to help you
get healthier and lose weight. I am a qualified nutrition coach with an
Advanced Diploma in Nutrition & Weight Management. More about me here.

_**PS.** Some posts contain affiliate links, which means I receive a small
commission for purchases made through these links. _

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

  * Freebies  
  * Meal Plans  
  * My Cookbooks  
  * Work With Me  

### COMMENT OR RATE THIS RECIPE

**Got questions or feedback?** Leave a comment. **Made the recipe?** Please
leave a rating as it helps other readers to discover this dish. Name and email
are required to avoid spam comments and are never used for any purpose or
shared with third parties.

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe rating _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

## Comments

10 Comments

  1. **Dave** says:

April 11, 2020 at 9:40 am

Fantastic. Delicious, easy and quick.

★★★★★

Reply

    1. **Irena** says:

April 11, 2020 at 1:28 pm

Thanks, Dave 🙂

Reply

  2. **Julia** says:

April 22, 2020 at 8:54 am

If I use this recipe with calamari instead, do I still have to cook for 2min
on either side and remove from the pan first?

Reply

    1. **Irena** says:

April 22, 2020 at 6:28 pm

Yes, calamari won't take too long to cook either.

Reply

  3. **Susan** says:

September 6, 2020 at 11:22 pm

Got beautiful, fresh squid from a fish monger at a farmers market this morning
in Summit, NJ.  
We had fresh grilled squid in Croatia a while ago and are hooked. Your
preparation for grilling it is spot on.  
I made the garlic-parsley oil without the pepper. Fantastic. I will use this
recipe again and again.

★★★★★

Reply

  4. **Steve** says:

January 2, 2022 at 10:50 am

Caught this morning in South Australia. With my neighbour. Garden herbs and a
couple of beers and ink stained hands. Lovely

★★★★

Reply

    1. **Irena Macri** says:

January 2, 2022 at 9:37 pm

Wow, lucky you to catch your own squid 🙂

Reply

  5. **Michael Parker** says:

January 20, 2022 at 9:45 am

Thank you Irena,  
Best recipe for squid I’ve ever used! I bought squid and prawns from a trawler
on the Gold Coast in Australia this morning and wanted to respect their
freshness. This recipe made them sublime (I split the prawns lengthwise and
cooked them for a minute either side in the screaming hot pan after cooking
the squid).  
Thanks so much!  
Michael

★★★★★

Reply

    1. **Irena Macri** says:

January 22, 2022 at 11:40 pm

Thank you, Micahel.

Reply

  6. **Captain Rogue** says:

January 26, 2022 at 9:44 pm

excellent article and recipe

★★★★★

Reply

See all comments »

## You Might Also Like

  * Easy Garlic & Parsley Grilled Cod (Paleo, Whole30, Keto)

  * Roasted Sweet Potatoes With Walnut Parsley & Garlic

  * Grilled Brussels Sprouts With Garlic & Kabanosi

  * Roasted Garlic Sweet Potatoes

##### **Hi, I 'm Irena! **I share nutritious recipes, tips, meal plans and
cookbooks to help you get healthier and lose weight. I am a qualified
nutrition coach with an Advanced Diploma in Nutrition & Weight Management.

More about me »

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

  * Subscribe »
  * Meal Plans »
  * My Cookbooks »

  * ###  FREE Low-Carb Challenge 

  * ###  My Paleo Breakfast Cookbook Is Out!!! 

  * ###  Healthy Dinner Recipes 

  * ###  Healthy Desserts 

## Recent Posts

  * ###  Keto Chicken Satay With Spicy Peanut Sauce

  * ###  Best Feta Salad With Crunchy Veggies

  * ###  Cabbage Pie

  * About Irena Macri
  * Work With Me
  * Privacy Policy
  * Meal Plans & My Books

(C) Irena Macri | Healthy &amp; Delicious Recipes. All rights reserved.

8.5K Shares

  * __ Facebook
  * __ Pinterest
  * __ Yummly
  * __ Twitter
  * __ Print
  * __ Like
  * __ More Networks

Share via

Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn

Mix

Pinterest

Tumblr

Skype

Buffer

Pocket

VKontakte

Parler

Xing

Reddit

Flipboard

MySpace

Delicious

Amazon

Digg

Evernote

Blogger

LiveJournal

Baidu

MeWe

NewsVine

Yummly

Yahoo

WhatsApp

Viber

SMS

Telegram

Facebook Messenger

Like

Email

Print

Copy Link

Powered by Social Snap

Copy link

CopyCopied

Powered by Social Snap

