https://cookingtoentertain.com/stir-fry-chili-squid/


Skip to content

Cooking To Entertain

Recipes for 1 or 100

Toggle Navigation

  * Recipe Categories 
    * Appetizers
    * Tapas
    * Main Dish
    * Dessert
    * Side Dish
    * Soup
    * Breakfast
    * Salad
    * Bread
    * Sauce
  * Cocktails
  * About
  * Blog
  * Policy
  * __

# Stir Fry Chili Squid

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

Jump to Recipe

Squid is one of those ingredients that is popular in most of the world. In
North America you have your deep fried calamari rings, the Mediterranean does
shallow fried rings or whole baby squid, and in Asia you have a ton of
different stir fry methods. This stir fry chili squid is a recreation of a
dish I had in Singapore at one of the **_many hawker centers_**.

If you thought squid was intimidating then you are a bit mistaken. In fact
it’s one of the easiest meats to cook, especially if you buy the “tubes”
separate from the head and tentacles. Just take your tube and slice it into
rings. It’s that simple.

I do not cook the very tip as there is a bone in there. Some people remove the
bone and will still cook the tip, but I find the fact that it is no longer a
ring to mess up the appearance of the dish, so I just give the scraps to a
cat. Take your rings and place them in a colander so any remaining liquid
washes away.

### **Stir Fry Chili Squid Marinade**

**The sauce for this stir fry chili squid is quite simple** , and easy
changeable if you need to sub some ingredients. As I was trying to recreate a
dish I had in Singapore the ingredients I chose were primarily Chinese, but
Singaporean cuisine is an amalgamation of many different Asian cuisines so
feel free to sub in Korean gochujjang for the Pearl River chili sauce I used
here.

Other ingredients are soy sauce, dark soy sauce, rice wine vinegar, garlic,
and ginger. I also add a tablespoon of white sugar to balance the spice, but
you could leave that out. That’s it, a pretty simple stir fry sauce for the
squid rings. Not to mention I only let the rings marinade for about 5 minutes
(the really don’t need much time).

### **How To Cook The Squid**

The trick with cooking squid is you either want to cook it really, really
quick…or really, really long. Anything in between will give you little pieces
of rubber. As this is a stir fry I bet you know which direction we are going
for this recipe.

In a pan or wok add a bit of neutral oil and turn the heat on max. When the
oil is ready (stick the tip of a wooden spoon in…if it bubbles then it’s hot
enough) pour in the squid and all the stir fry liquid. Immediately you’ll see
the meat tighten up. I stir the pan around for about 2 minutes (you can toss
if you are using a wok) and then take everything off the heat. Don’t cook too
long, two minutes is the perfect amount in my opinion.

I mix the contents of the pan with a generous amount of sesame seeds and tip
the pan onto a large serving dish. Then I top with some thinly sliced shallot
and a spoonful of chili sauce for that pop of color.

## Stir Fry Chili Squid

This tasty squid recipe was inspired by my time devouring my way through the
Singaporean hawker centers recently and I have to say, I absolutely love it. I
think you will too.

5 from 1 vote

Print Pin

Course: Appetizer, Main Course, Main Dish, Side Dish

Cuisine: Asian, Chinese, Singaporean

Keyword: Chili Squid, Singaporean Chili Squid, Squid, Stir Fry

Prep Time: 5 minutes

Cook Time: 2 minutes

Total Time: 7 minutes

Servings: 4 people

Calories: 119kcal

Cost: $5

### Equipment

  * Pan / Wok

### Ingredients

  * 300 grams Squid just the tubes, cut into rings
  * 2 tbsp Soy Sauce
  * 1 tbsp Dark Soy Sauce
  * 2 cm Ginger grated or microplaned
  * 4 cloves Garlic smashed and rough chopped
  * 1 tbsp Rice Wine Vinegar
  * 1 tbsp Sugar granulated. optional (to mellow out the heat)
  * 2 tbsp Chili Sauce brand or style preference is up to you. I like something with a good amount of heat to it, but you can go mild if you prefer.
  * 1 tbsp Sesame Seeds
  * 1 Shallot optional, garnish

### Instructions

  * In a bowl whisk together the soy sauces, garlic, ginger, vinegar, and chili sauce. Add sugar if you want, I like it for the added richness, but it's entirely optional. 

  * Add the squid rings to the stir fry sauce and mix everything up. Let sit for a few minutes. 

  * Add some neutral oil to a pan or wok and turn the heat to max. When it is extremely hot, tip all the contents of the bowl right into the pan (it will splatter a bit so wear an apron). Stir or toss the pan around for 2 minutes, then remove from the heat. Stir in the sesame seeds and tip pan contents into a large serving dish. 

  * Garnish with some more sesame seeds, thinly sliced shallot, and more chili sauce. 

### Notes

I like to make this stir fry chili squid as an appetizer and just have people
take some to their plate, however you can serve this with some white rice as a
main course. Don’t throw away the sauce that is leftover either, it makes a
great cucumber marinade for a simple vegetable side dish.

### Nutrition

Sodium: 889mg | Calcium: 51mg | Vitamin C: 6mg | Vitamin A: 76IU | Sugar: 5g |
Fiber: 1g | Potassium: 284mg | Cholesterol: 175mg | Calories: 119kcal |
Saturated Fat: 1g | Fat: 2g | Protein: 14g | Carbohydrates: 10g | Iron: 1mg

Did you make this?Mention @CookingToEntertain or tag #cookingtoentertain and
let me know how it was!

## **Stir Fry Chili Squid**

Follow me on **Pinterest**!

## **More Awesome Seafood Recipes**

**Asian Baked Mussels**

**_Moules au Roquefort_**

VOL-AU-VENT WITH WHITEFISH POACHED IN SHIITAKE CREAM SAUCE

### Like this:

Like Loading...

### _Related Posts_

Filed Under: Appetizers, Main Dish, Recipe, Side Dish

* * *

Cucumber Radish Salad With Dill Dressing

The Most Decadent Gratin Dauphinois

Search

__Searching is in progress

### About Me!

Hey everyone! I'm Cody. Great to see you enjoying my recipes and food travel
posts. Hope you are enjoying your time here, and if you want to learn more
about me click my pic and it'll shoot you right over to the About page.

### Recent Posts

  * Grenki (Croutons) Гренки
  * Pampushky (Ukrainian Garlic Bread) пампушки
  * Old Fashioned Peanut Butter Bread

## Most Popular Recipes

**Baking Powder**  
 **Chicken Wings**

**Mediterranean Baked Sea Bream**

**Mastiha Spritz (ΜΑΣΤΊΧΑ ΧΊΟΥ)**

**Ukrainian Cheesecake**

**The Best **  
**Cream Cheese Pasta**

**Coffee Bean**  
 **Cookies**

**How To MakeButterfly Pea Flower Tea**

**Mango Passionfruit Entremet**

**Authentic Carbonara**

**French**  
 **Lemon Madeleines**

* * *

### As Seen In:

* * *

We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by
remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you
consent to the use of ALL the cookies.  

Do not sell my personal information.

Cookie settingsACCEPT

Privacy & Cookies Policy

Close

#### Privacy Overview

This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate
through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as
necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of
basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that
help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be
stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to
opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an
effect on your browsing experience.

Necessary

Necessary

Always Enabled

Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function
properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic
functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not
store any personal information.

Non-necessary

Non-necessary

Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function
and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads,
other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory
to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.

SAVE & ACCEPT

%d bloggers like this:

