https://chefsavvy.com/honey-lemon-garlic-chicken/


  * Saved Recipes
  * Log in

  *   * Menu

Close Search

## Find a Recipe

Search 500+ recipes

Search

Close Menu

  * Recipe Index

    * Course

      * Appetizer
      * Bread
      * Breakfast
      * Dessert
      * Drinks
      * Main Dish
      * Salads
      * Sides
      * Soup
    * Protein

      * Beef
      * Chicken
      * Pork
      * Seafood
      * Turkey
    * Diet

      * Dairy Free
      * Gluten Free
      * Vegan
      * Vegetarian
      * Whole30
    * Type

      * 30 Minute
      * Grilling
      * Instant Pot
      * One Pot
      * Slow Cooker
    * Cuisine

      * American
      * Asian
      * Indian
      * Italian
      * Mexican
    * Season

      * Spring
      * Summer
      * Fall
      * Winter
    * Holiday

      * Christmas
      * Mother's Day
      * 4th of July
      * Easter
      * Game Day
      * Thanksgiving
      * Valentine's Day

  * Main Dish
  * Dessert
  * About

    * All About Chef Savvy!

Home › Recipes › Main Dish

# Honey Lemon Garlic Chicken

  * March 11, 2021
  * Jump to Recipe
  * Print Recipe
  * 2 comments

This easy Honey Lemon Garlic Chicken requires only 5 ingredients and is ready
in less than an hour! Served with an amazing, sweet and sticky honey lemon
glaze, this chicken recipe is the perfect weeknight dinner!

Looking for more quick and easy chicken recipes? Try my Honey Garlic Chicken,
Grilled Honey Lime Chicken or my Slow Cooker Honey Garlic Chicken!

## Quick Navigation

Jump to Recipe

  * Honey Lemon Garlic Chicken
  * Ingredients
  * How to make Honey Lemon Garlic Chicken
  * What to serve with Honey Lemon Chicken
  * Here are more delicious chicken recipes to try!

## Honey Lemon Garlic Chicken

We all know how much I love easy and delicious recipes -- especially when they
look and taste like I spent A LOT more time on them. Who said you can't have
holiday-level food on a weeknight in less than an hour, anyway?

I actually adapted this honey garlic chicken with lemon from my Honey Garlic
Salmon recipe. The salmon is one of my top recipes on the blog, so I decided
to change the proteins and switch it around for chicken! Now, I really believe
that one of the reasons my honey garlic salmon is so popular is because of the
incredibly easy but absolutely mouthwatering sauce that it is served with --
and I'm bringing that delicious glaze back to you today. Loaded with tons of
garlic, sweet honey, fresh squeezed lemon juice and a splash of soy sauce,
this garlic chicken recipe will not disappoint.

This honey lemon garlic chicken recipe has only 5 ingredients (most of which
you probably already have at home) and could not be easier to make. Simply mix
together the sauce ingredients, brush onto the chicken, and bake. You really
only need 10-15 minutes of prep time to make this dinner -- the rest of the
time, it's in the oven!

**Pro Tip:** Make the sauce ahead of time and marinade the chicken in the
sauce overnight for extra flavor (and less prep the next day).

## Ingredients

  * **Chicken thighs:** For this recipe, I used 8 whole, bone-in chicken thighs. One of the best parts of this dish is the sweet, crispy, golden brown skin, so make sure you choose your chicken thighs wisely! Full disclosure, this recipe makes A LOT (8 chicken thighs), which means lots of leftovers for lunch. You can also pull the meat off and freeze!
  * **Garlic cloves:** You're going to need 5 total cloves of garlic, which will be minced before cooking. As much as I love fresh garlic, you can always substitute pre-minced garlic if needed.
  * **Honey:** The star of this chicken recipe! Honestly, your lemon garlic chicken glaze is not complete without sweet, sticky honey. Nothing fancy here, though, for the ingredient -- choose your favorite brand of honey and get to cooking.
  * **Lemons:** This recipe calls for both lemon zest and lemon juice -- so kill two birds with once stone and opt for fresh lemons. I ended up using 2-3 lemons for this baked chicken dish.
  * **Low-sodium soy sauce:** You can use regular soy sauce from your pantry, but to keep this easy chicken dinner healthy, I opted for the low-sodium version.

## How to make Honey Lemon Garlic Chicken

  1. **Prep:** Preheat your oven to 375 degrees F. Spray a 9×13 baking pan with cooking spray, then set aside.
  2. **Make the sauce:** In a small bowl combine garlic, honey, lemon juice, lemon zest and soy sauce.
  3. **Sear the chicken:** Heat a skillet over medium-high heat and sear the chicken skin-side down first until golden brown. I usually cook 2-3 minutes on each side.
  4. **Bake:** Place the chicken thighs in the prepared baking pan and brush with 3/4 of the sauce -- I like to reserve extra to brush on top before serving. Place your chicken in the oven and bake for 30-35 minutes, or until the chicken is cooked through and reaches an internal temperature of 175 degrees F.
  5. **Serve:** Brush the chicken with the remaining sauce and serve immediately.

## What to serve with Honey Lemon Chicken

  * Lemon Parmesan Brown Rice
  * Spicy Roasted Garlic Brussels Sprouts
  * Mashed Potatoes
  * Cauliflower Rice for a low carb option!
  * Grilled Sweet Potato Wedges
  * Easy BLT Pasta Salad
  * Easy 30 Minute Creamy Confetti Corn

## Here are more delicious chicken recipes to try!

  * Easy Chicken Katsu
  * Easy Chicken Marsala
  * Baked Teriyaki Chicken
  * Grilled Chicken Caprese
  * Sticky Asian Chicken Bites
  * Baked Honey Mustard Chicken Thighs

**Never miss out!** Need more quick & easy recipes in your life? Subscribe to
my weekly newsletter or follow me on Instagram, Facebook, and Pinterest for
all the daily updates.

**We love to hear your feedback:** If you try this recipe, I’d love to know!
Leave a star rating below, and don’t forget to take pictures and tag me on
Facebook and Instagram!

  * Pin
  * Print

## Honey Lemon Garlic Chicken

Prep Time: 10 minutes

Cook Time: 40 minutes

Total Time: 50 minutes

Servings: 8 chicken thighs

This easy Honey Lemon Garlic Chicken requires only 5 ingredients and is ready
in less than an hour! Served with an amazing sweet and sticky honey lemon
glaze, this chicken recipe is the perfect weeknight dinner!

Save RecipeSaved!

### Ingredients

  * 8 chicken thighs bone in and skin
  * 5 cloves garlic minced
  * 6 tablespoons honey
  * 4 tablespoons fresh squeezed lemon juice
  * 1/4 teaspoon lemon zest
  * 1 tablespoon low sodium soy sauce

### Instructions

  * Preheat oven to 375 degrees.

  * In a small bowl combine garlic, honey, lemon juice, lemon zest and soy sauce.

  * Heat a skillet over medium high heat and sear the chicken skin side down first until golden brown, (2-3 minutes on each side)

  * Spray a 9 x 13 pan with cooking spray. Add the chicken thighs and brush with 3/4 of the sauce.

  * Bake for 30-35 minutes until the chicken is cooked through and the chicken reaches an internal temperature of 175 degrees.

  * Brush the chicken with the remaining sauce and serve immediately.

Nutrition Facts

Honey Lemon Garlic Chicken

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 301 Calories from Fat 171

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 19g **29%**

Saturated Fat 5g **31%**

 **Cholesterol** 111mg **37%**

 **Sodium** 155mg **7%**

 **Potassium** 255mg **7%**

 **Carbohydrates** 15g **5%**

Fiber 1g **4%**

Sugar 13g **14%**

 **Protein** 19g **38%**

**Vitamin A** 88IU **2%**

 **Vitamin C** 3mg **4%**

 **Calcium** 12mg **1%**

 **Iron** 1mg **6%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: American

Keyword: chicken, Easy Recipe, Easy Weeknight Dinner, Honey Lemon Garlic
Chicken

## Categorized:

  * Main Dish
  * Chicken
  * Dairy Free
  * Gluten Free
  * American
  * chicken breast
  * chicken thighs
  * honey
  * lemon juice
  * soy sauce

## **Get recipe notifications via email**

## Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Δ

## Comments

  * ### Mary Gartner

Absolutely great recipes! And especially not time-consuming! Delicious!

    * November 13, 2019
    * Reply

    * ### Kelley

So glad you enjoyed this recipe Mary! Thank you so much for sharing!

      * November 13, 2019

## You Might Also Like

## Slow Cooker Honey Garlic Chicken

## Sweet and Spicy Baked Honey Sriracha Chicken

## WELCOME!

Hi I'm Kelley Simmons, a classically trained chef with a passion for cooking!
I am a mom of two who loves cooking easy, flavorful dishes the whole family
will love! Learn More

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

## **Get recipe notifications via email**

## Hi! I’m Kelley!

A classically trained chef with a passion for cooking! I created Chef Savvy to
share delicious, easy, quick weeknight meals that your family will love. Every
recipe is very clear, concise and easy to follow. Learn more

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

## **Get recipe notifications via email**

## As seen in:

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

  * Copyright 2022 Chef Savvy
  * Privacy Policy
  * Shop
  * Contact

Design by cre8d

YES, I WANT THIS

**15 RECIPES** YOU _**NEED**_ TO MAKE THIS SUMMER!

FREE E-BOOK

* I consent to receive emails from Chef Savvy

