https://www.greatgrubdelicioustreats.com/lemon-honey-glazed-chicken/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Contact Us
  * Work With Me
  * Search

# Lemon Honey Glazed Chicken

April 17, 2021 by Great Grub, Delicious Treats

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

It's always good to have a recipe for chicken strips on hand. This lemon honey
glazed chicken is a terrific one for anybody who loves honey glazed proteins
of any sort. The glaze mixture uses the crowd-pleasing combination of lemon
and honey and the chicken strips are covered in seasoned corn starch before
cooking to a delicious golden brown.

Long story short, this chicken is crave-worthy. It's got that sweet and sour
combination you are going to love and all the additional benefits that go
along with putting honey and lemon together. If you are interested in the
health benefits of honey and lemon and you want to know how to prepare a
delicious dish of honey lemon glazed fried chicken strips it's all right here.

Enjoy this simple and straightforward recipe and helpful tips that will serve
you not only in preparing this dish but in your preparation of other similar
dishes in the future. Grab your cutting board, sharpen your knife and let's
dive right into what makes these exciting chicken strips with honey lemon
glaze so darn tasty.

## **What is Honey and Lemon Good For?**

The secret to the amazing taste of these crispy chicken strips is without a
doubt the incredible honey lemon glaze. This ancient sweet and sour flavor
combination remains one of our best-loved pairings to this day. It's not just
tasty either. The two flavors have long been used together as a home remedy
and elixir for everything from weight loss to colds.

Honey lemon is a good combo to consume regularly in a glass of water, as well,
or in your favorite recipes. A good honey lemon glaze on your crispy chicken
strips is a delightful way to experience these two flavors and their other
benefits together.

## **How to Make Honey Glazed Chicken**

The process of making this refined-looking dish is actually very simple. It is
a process, though. You will need to prepare the glaze and the chicken
separately before combining to make the incredible finished product. The glaze
simply starts out as a well-blended mixture of ingredients. In addition to the
two key ingredients, you will need other wet ingredients such as rice vinegar
and soy sauce. The mixture won't become a glaze until you reduce it later in
the pan.

Before you start cooking the glaze down, prepare your chicken by cutting
strips to the desired size and coat them in seasoning and corn starch. Corn
starch is the secret to so many Asian-inspired dishes, including orange
chicken and Mongolian beef. After you have prepared your chicken, cook it in
the pan until it gets that ideal golden brown color you always look for in
perfectly prepared food. Once you have that appetizing look, drop butter in
the pan and pour the glaze mixture over the chicken. The mixture will cook
into a thick glaze. The trick is to continue spooning it over the chicken as
it cooks. Tilt the pan slightly to let the liquid collect in one place so that
you can easily spoon the pooled glaze over the chicken.

When the chicken is done it is ready to serve. Make sure you prepare a side
such as rice to serve it with. These honey lemon glazed chicken strips go well
when served over a bed of steamed rice. But you can serve it with a side of
mixed green vegetables or even stir fry.

## **How to Make Chicken Strips**

Chicken strips are amazing and very easy to make. If you enjoy many prepared
chicken dishes, I recommend preparing the protein in strips. Whether you grill
or fry your chicken strips are the most convenient and appetizing way to
approach the dish. Chicken strips are highly favored by kids as well.

To cut your chicken into strips, you should begin with a sharpened knife. Dull
knives can be dangerous and lead to serious injury. Sharpen your carving knife
on a honing rod by holding the rod vertically with the handle facing you.
Press the blade against the rod just below the handle with the sharp edge
facing the counter. The blade should be touching the rod at a 15-degree angle.
Run the blade along the rod several times making sure to sharpen both sides of
the blade.

I am using boneless skinless chicken breasts for this recipe but if you are
using chicken that is still on the bone, run your knife along the breastbone
and ribs to separate the meat. When you slice the chicken cut against the
grain. You can tell which way by looking at the fibers. Slicing with the grain
provides little friction which makes it more difficult to cut.

Once you have cut your chicken into strips at your desired thickness, all that
is left is to properly coat them before you cook. Chicken strips can be big or
little and you can use any kind of breading your chicken recipe calls for.
This particular recipe uses cornstarch and other seasonings which coats the
chicken and holds the honey lemon glaze really well.

## **How Long to Fry Chicken Strips**

The cook time will vary for your strips depending on how thick you cut your
strips. For consistent results, make sure you use the same thickness and
quantity of chicken every time and cook over medium-high heat. You want the
outside to be golden brown, but you will continue cooking the chicken as you
add the glaze. When you are finished, check the internal temperature of the
chicken before serving. Fully cooked chicken is 165 degrees Fahrenheit. Let
the chicken strips cook for 2-3 minutes before flipping over.

## Ingredients to Make Lemon Honey Glazed Chicken

  * Chicken breasts
  * Corn starch
  * Salt
  * Pepper
  * Honey
  * Soy sauce
  * Rice vinegar
  * Lemon juice
  * Garlic
  * Vegetable oil
  * Butter

(Actual measurements are in the recipe card below.)

## How to Make Lemon Honey Glazed Chicken

  * In a large skillet, heat oil over medium high heat.
  * In a small bowl, mix the honey, soy sauce, rice vinegar, and lemon juice. Stir to combine and set aside.
  * Cut chicken breasts into strips.
  * In a medium bowl, add the cornstarch, pepper, and salt. Toss chicken strips into cornstarch mixture and add coated chicken strips into the skillet.
  * Cook chicken over medium high heat until chicken is golden brown on both sides.
  * Add butter to pan and melt. Add garlic and cook for 1 minute.
  * Pour honey glaze mixture into skillet over chicken and cook over medium heat until sauce thickens and chicken is thoroughly cooked.
  * As glaze is cooking, be sure to continuously spoon glaze over chicken.
  * Serve over steamed rice and enjoy!

### Try This Delicious Honey Lemon Chicken Recipe Today.

Here are some more chicken recipes that can be found on the blog:

  * Sweet and Sour Chicken
  * Orange Teriyaki Chicken
  * Crock Pot Spicy Chicken
  * Barbecue Dry Rub Lime Chicken

## Lemon Honey Glazed Chicken

Great Grub Delicious Treats

Lemon Honey Glazed Chicken is made with tender and juicy chicken, covered in a
zesty lemon glaze.

4.58 from 7 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 30 mins

Cook Time 25 mins

Total Time 55 mins

Course Dinner

Cuisine American

Servings 4

Calories

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * 3 chicken breasts, cut into strips
  * 1 cup corn starch
  * 1  tsp salt
  * 1 tsp pepper
  * 1 cup honey
  * ⅔ cup  soy sauce
  * ½ cup  lemon juice
  * ¼ cup  rice vinegar
  * 3 tbsp butter
  * 4 cloves garlic,  minced
  * 3 tbsp  vegetable oil

### Instructions



  * In a large skillet, heat oil over medium high heat.

  * In a small bowl, mix the honey, soy sauce, rice vinegar, and lemon juice. Stir to combine and set aside.

  * Cut chicken breasts into strips.

  * In a medium bowl, add the cornstarch, pepper and salt. Toss chicken strips into cornstarch mixture and add coated chicken strips into the skillet. 

  * Cook chicken over medium high heat until chicken is golden brown on both sides.

  * Add butter to pan and melt. Add garlic and cook for 1 minute. 

  * Pour honey glaze mixture into skillet, over chicken, and cook over medium heat until sauce thickens and chicken is cooked through. 

  * As glaze is cooking, be sure to continuously spoon glaze over chicken.

  * Serve over steamed rice and enjoy!

Keyword Chicken Recipes, Honey Lemon Chicken, Honey Lemon Glaze, Lemon Honey
Chicken Strips

Tried this recipe?Let us know how it was!

Here are a few more pics that are the perfect size for pinning to Pinterest.  

Enjoy, Terri

**Copyright (C) Great Grub, Delicious Treats**. All content and images are
copyright protected. Do not use any images without prior permission.  
If you want to republish this recipe, make sure to re-write the recipe in your
own words and only list ingredients making sure to link back to this post for
the original recipe and directions.

__Share 516

 __Pin 1.3K

 __Tweet

 __Email

 __Print

1.8KShares

Filed Under: All Recipes, Chicken, Main Meals Tagged With: Chicken breast,
Chicken Strips, Fried chicken, Glazed Chicken, Honey Glaze Chicken, Honey
Glazed, honey lemon, Lemon Honey, Lemon Honey Chicken

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Ken

April 19, 2021 at 4:30 pm

Awesome flavors .will make again .sauce did not thicken too much .bit love it
I'm

    * Great Grub, Delicious Treats

April 20, 2021 at 4:39 pm

Thank you so much for sharing Ken! We are so glad you loved it. :)

## Primary Sidebar

### Please Follow Us On All Social Media

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Tumblr
  * Twitter

Welcome to Great Grub, Delicious Treats! Hello, my name is Terri and I'm so
glad you stopped by. I'm a self taught cook/foodie at heart, mom to three
kids, photographer and have a love for amazing food. I left my full time job
of being a hospice admissions RN, which was super tough and extremely sad, and
at times, very rewarding to be there for the patients and families to blog
full time which I absolutely love. I hope you enjoy, and check out, all of the
delicious recipes on my site while you're here! And don't forget to sign up to
receive every new recipe right to your email. Thanks again for stopping by! :)

### Follow Me on Pinterest

Terri Weir

### Subscribe Here

Enter your email address here and never miss a single new recipe.

Email Address

Subscribe

Search

### Most Popular Recipes

### Recent Posts

  * Smoked Sausage and Potato Bake
  * Peach Pastry with Cream Cheese
  * Italian Sausage Fettuccine Pasta
  * Cream Cheese Puff Pastry with Apples

## Footer

Welcome to Great Grub, Delicious Treats! Hello, my name is Terri and I'm so
glad you stopped by. I'm a self taught cook/foodie at heart, mom to three
kids, photographer and have a love for amazing food. I left my full time job
of being a hospice admissions RN, which was super tough and extremely sad, and
at times, very rewarding to be there for the patients and families to blog
full time which I absolutely love. I hope you enjoy, and check out, all of the
delicious recipes on my site while you're here! And don't forget to sign up to
receive every new recipe right to your email. Thanks again for stopping by! :)
Read More…

Copyright (C) 2022 · Great Grub Delicious Treats · All Rights Reserved ·
Privacy Policy

 __

 __

 __

1.8K Shares

We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.
If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with
it.OkayRead More

