https://www.saltandlavender.com/honey-lemon-chicken/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * Recipes
  * 30 Minute Meals
  * About
  * ## Nav Social Menu

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * Twitter

  * search...

menu icon

search icon

search...

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * 30 Minute Meals
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

×

Home » Chicken & Poultry

# Honey Lemon Chicken

Published: Sep 10, 2019 / Updated: Feb 8, 2021 / 60 Comments

 _This post may contain affiliate links. Please see myaffiliate disclosure for
more details._

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

This easy **honey lemon chicken** recipe has tender pan-fried chicken that's
smothered in a sticky lemon and honey sauce. It's quick and uses everyday
ingredients!

I'm always trying to come up with new ways to make boneless, skinless chicken
breasts taste delicious. They're a reader favorite, and so I am always jotting
down ideas when they come to me. Sometimes my ideas flop, but luckily this one
turned out. I recently made a creamy honey mustard chicken recipe, and I guess
I must still have honey on the brain since this recipe is now here!

This sticky honey lemon chicken doesn't have any cream, but it does have
butter. Everything is better with butter IMO. Never were truer words spoken.
Both the lemon and honey flavors shine in this recipe, and the sauce is pretty
sweet. I have a sneaking suspicion that picky eaters would like this recipe. 😉

So, if you like that sweet-savory-tangy combination with melt-in-your-mouth
chicken, the chances are fairly high that you will like this recipe.

## How to make sticky honey lemon chicken

  1. Cut the chicken breasts in half lengthwise so you've got 4 thinner pieces. This helps the chicken cook more evenly and remain tender;
  2. Sprinkle both sides of the chicken with garlic powder and salt & pepper. Dredge each piece in flour;
  3. Cook the chicken in the butter and oil until golden on both sides;
  4. Add the sauce ingredients to the pan and finish cooking the chicken while the sauce thickens (about 5 minutes). 

**Pro tip:** If you want to add a little zing, grate some fresh ginger into
the sauce!

## A few recipe notes:

  * If you have a lemon zester, this recipe is really good with the zest of 1/2 a lemon added in. I use my handy Microplane grater/zester to do this. 
  * The sauce _isn't_ meant to be super thick or syrupy in this recipe, but it will reduce and thicken up quite a bit while the chicken finishes cooking. 
  * A general cooking suggestion: I always try to err on the side of adding less rather than more flour to the plate/bowl for coating the chicken. You can always add more if needed, but you have to discard all the flour that you don't use. It's easy to overestimate the amount and waste flour. 

## What to serve with lemon honey chicken:

You can't go wrong with rice, mashed potatoes, or pasta. I would also serve
this with a side of steamed veggies (try broccolini or green beans) or a
salad.

## Other easy chicken breast recipes you may like:

  * Easy Creamy Lemon Chicken
  * Easy Mongolian Chicken Recipe
  * Easy Teriyaki Chicken Recipe
  * Honey Ginger Chicken Meal Prep Bowls
  * Instant Pot Honey Garlic Chicken Recipe
  * Easy Chicken Piccata
  * Lemon Butter Chicken

I hope you'll give this honey lemon glazed chicken recipe a try!

Questions? Ask me in the comments below.

## Honey Lemon Chicken

This easy **honey lemon chicken** recipe has tender pan-fried chicken that's
smothered in a sticky lemon and honey sauce. It's quick and uses everyday
ingredients!

5 from 17 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 5 mins

Cook Time 15 mins

Total Time 20 mins

Course Main Course

Cuisine American

Servings 4

Calories 258 kcal

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Ingredients



  * ▢ 2 large chicken breasts cut in half lengthwise
  * ▢ 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
  * ▢ Salt & pepper  to taste
  * ▢ Flour for dredging
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon olive oil
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons butter divided
  * ▢ 1/2 cup chicken broth
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon lemon juice
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons honey

### Instructions



  * Cut your chicken breasts in half lengthwise so you have four thinner cutlets. Sprinkle them with salt, pepper, and garlic powder. Dredge them in flour so they're evenly coated.

  * Add the oil and one tablespoon of the butter to a skillet over medium-high heat. Once the pan is hot, add the chicken and cook it for 4-5 minutes/side or until golden. If it starts to splatter a lot, reduce the heat a bit. 

  * Take the chicken out of the pan and set it aside. Remove the pan from the heat and stir in the chicken broth, lemon juice, honey, and the rest of the butter. Scrape up the brown bits from the bottom of the pan and add the chicken back in. 

  * Cook the chicken for another 5 minutes or so (medium-high heat), until the sauce has reduced and thickened a bit and the chicken is fully cooked through. Spoon the sauce over the chicken. Season with extra salt & pepper if needed. 

### Notes

  * In most recipes, including this one, I use medium-to-large size chicken breasts. If you buy particularly small ones, you can probably skip the step of cutting them in half lengthwise - just ensure they're cooked through.
  * _Nutritional information is provided as a courtesy only and should be construed as an estimate rather than a guarantee. Ingredients can vary and Salt & Lavender makes no guarantees to the accuracy of this information._



### Nutrition

Calories: 258kcalCarbohydrates: 12gProtein: 25gFat: 12gSaturated Fat: 5gTrans
Fat: 1gCholesterol: 87mgSodium: 289mgPotassium: 459mgFiber: 1gSugar: 9gVitamin
A: 210IUVitamin C: 5mgCalcium: 11mgIron: 1mg

Keyword honey lemon chicken recipe

Author Natasha Bull

« Instant Pot Butternut Squash Soup

Kielbasa Soup »

Loved this recipe? Share it:

  * Facebook
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

  1. Jay McVicar says

September 11, 2021 at 7:06 PM

  
I’ve made this several times and it is amazing! I doubled up on the sauce and
used it over spaghetti and mashed potatoes. This time I paired it with rice
and used 3 to 1 water and lemon juice just to marry the flavors.

Thank you for this amazing recipe.  
Jay

Reply

    * Natasha says

September 11, 2021 at 8:31 PM

Fantastic!! 🙂 You're welcome, Jay!

Reply

  2. Rachel says

April 5, 2021 at 7:03 AM

  
This was amazing!! I roasted some cauliflower and asparagus to go with it and
poured the sauce all over everything and it was incredible. And so so easy to
make!! Thank you!

Reply

    * Natasha says

April 5, 2021 at 9:09 AM

Fabulous!! 🙂

Reply

  3. Mary says

March 31, 2021 at 6:35 PM

  
What an amazing recipe! I actually used a 1 lb pkg of chicken tenderloins and
pounded them a bit for uniform thickness. I followed your exact instructions
(added the suggested ginger and doubled the sauce) - delicious!! Can’t wait to
try more of your recipes:)

Reply

    * Natasha says

March 31, 2021 at 7:43 PM

Thank you!! so glad you liked it!!

Reply

  4. Wendy says

March 28, 2021 at 1:51 PM

Hi. Looks great. I have bone in breast. How should I adjust the recipe? Should
I finish in the oven?

Reply

    * Natasha says

March 28, 2021 at 2:05 PM

Hi! Yeah, that might be a good idea. I'm just a bit concerned that the sauce
may burn if you cook it in the oven for too long.

Reply

      * Wendy Wallner says

March 30, 2021 at 6:29 PM

Maybe I’ll try to reverse it and oven roast at first and then finish in the
pan! That way the sauce won’t be in the oven I’ll give it a try

Reply

        * Natasha says

March 31, 2021 at 9:14 AM

Yes!

Reply

  5. Madeleine Fuchs says

March 6, 2021 at 1:29 PM

  
Thank you for this easy and delicious recipe.

Reply

    * Natasha says

March 7, 2021 at 10:09 AM

You're very welcome!!

Reply

  6. Sadhbh Lynch says

February 8, 2021 at 7:35 AM

Hello! How many calories would you say would be in each serving?  
Thanks!

Reply

    * Natasha says

February 8, 2021 at 9:14 AM

Hi! I just added it for you. Please keep in mind it's an estimate (it'll vary
depending on chicken breast size, how much flour sticks to the chicken, etc.).

Reply

  7. Desiree Khan says

January 31, 2021 at 8:17 AM

Do you have video of this and aside from chicken breast can I also use
different part?

Reply

    * Natasha says

January 31, 2021 at 11:21 AM

Hi! You could certainly use chicken thighs instead. I don't have a video for
this particular recipe - sorry.

Reply

  8. Colton says

January 13, 2021 at 10:37 PM

New to cooking, but can I use a saucepan instead of a frying pan? Very excited
to try this recipe!

Reply

    * Natasha says

January 14, 2021 at 10:04 AM

How big is your saucepan? If you think it'll fit all the chicken pieces, then
why not. 🙂 Let me know how it goes!

Reply

  9. Brietta Vasser says

October 30, 2020 at 8:20 PM

  
Very good! The only thing I did differently is add minced onion and minced
garlic to the sauce. Thank you for sharing this recipe!

Reply

    * Natasha says

October 30, 2020 at 10:38 PM

You're very welcome!

Reply

  10. AngelaML says

September 25, 2020 at 6:11 PM

  
Thank you Natasha, another hit! This was very easy and nice and light. I've
made now about 5 of your pan fried chicken recipes so have that part down pat.
Loved this, as did the family too!

Thank you so much for giving me so many easy and delicious recipes to help us
get through COVID. It helps so much to know I can feed the family (something I
can control).

Reply

    * Natasha says

September 25, 2020 at 6:25 PM

That's awesome!! So happy it was a hit... and you're very welcome.

Reply

  11. Tracey says

August 24, 2020 at 11:34 AM

  
This chicken dish was not only crazy easy but unbelievably good!! I did double
the sauce recipe and had it on top of basmati rice!! I've shared this recipe
with all my friends and family!!

Reply

    * Natasha says

August 25, 2020 at 9:51 AM

I'm so happy to hear you liked it! And thanks for sharing! 🙂

Reply

  12. Tara says

June 9, 2020 at 2:57 PM

  
Really delicious, made this from my family and even my sister who’s very picky
loved it .

Reply

    * Natasha says

June 10, 2020 at 9:46 AM

I'm so glad to hear that, Tara!

Reply

    * Sindy says

June 15, 2020 at 1:27 AM

  
Beautiful, will be making again, ahead for my family while I'm in hospital..
Is it freezable?

Reply

      * Natasha says

June 15, 2020 at 8:35 AM

So glad you liked it! I think you could freeze it... but the sauce may kinda
disappear as it thaws. Maybe double the sauce? And make sure they warm it on a
low heat. Reheated chicken can go dry/tough. Good luck in the hospital. 🙂 XO

Reply

  13. India says

May 16, 2020 at 6:55 PM

  
Wow! This was crazy good I was not expecting it to be THAT good. I soaked my
chicken breasts in buttermilk for two hours prior. I cooked the halved breasts
4 minutes on each side. Doubled the sauce recipe because everyone said it was
so good. simmered for 10 minutes then I put chicken breasts in and simmered
for ten minutes more. INCREDIBLE!!!!

Reply

    * Natasha says

May 16, 2020 at 7:16 PM

I'm so glad it was a hit! Love the buttermilk idea.

Reply

  14. Anastasia says

May 15, 2020 at 8:14 PM

Can't wait to try this for tomorrow's dinner! Thank you! You did it again!
#inspiration

How would you season rice to pair so it's not so bland?

Reply

    * Natasha says

May 15, 2020 at 8:34 PM

Hope you enjoy it!! Hmmm... I guess I never thought of rice as bland haha. I
like it as-is (but salted well or made with chicken broth instead of water),
but I'm sure there's plenty of dressed up rice recipes out there
(unfortunately none on my blog at this time!).

Reply

    * Raquel Green says

May 21, 2020 at 6:55 PM

I make a easy Parmesan “risotto” right that I made with this chicken tonight
and it was amazing! Put 1 tablespoon of butter in a pot/sauce pan as well as
some garlic (I use a lot because we love garlic), let that sauté until
fragrant and then pour 1 cup of uncooked rice it. Stir it all together until
the rice is all coated and 1 cup of milk/heavy cream and 1 cup of water. Bring
it to a boil and then turn it down on low/simmer heat. Once the liquid absorbs
a little, put the cheese in (again as much to your liking) and salt and
pepper. Let it cook a little longer until all liquid is absorbed and cheese it
melted. Parsley is optional. I hope you enjoy!

Reply

      * Natasha says

May 22, 2020 at 9:14 AM

Ooh sounds good to me! Thanks for sharing!

Reply

  15. Ilene says

April 9, 2020 at 5:43 PM

  
Super yum! Amazing flavor! I will definitely make it again. Family approved.

Reply

    * Natasha says

April 9, 2020 at 6:50 PM

So happy to hear that!

Reply

  16. KatieMae says

March 23, 2020 at 9:34 PM

  
Chicken came out perfect! So good and easy. Next time i would up the lemon,
honey & chick broth because the sauce was SO GOOD 🙂

Reply

    * Natasha says

March 24, 2020 at 10:02 AM

Wonderful! So glad it was a hit! XO

Reply

  17. Liz says

January 15, 2020 at 5:16 PM

What can I do if I don’t have chicken broth?

Reply

    * Natasha says

January 15, 2020 at 5:32 PM

Do you have a bouillon/stock cube by chance? You could use water, but it won't
be quite as flavorful. Make sure to add plenty of salt.

Reply

  18. Jessica says

December 6, 2019 at 11:33 AM

  
HI! I'm new to your recipies (via this one) and it was just scrumptious! Just
curious, what are the green bits in your photo? Dried parsley?

We had it last night with rice and my husband added some soy sauce to his,
which was a great addition. Next time I will pay more attention and not let
the sauce reduce down quite as much so there is more of it -- I could have
licked the pan it was so good.  
Looking forward to eating the leftovers tonight!

Reply

    * Natasha says

December 7, 2019 at 8:25 AM

I’m so glad you enjoyed it, Jessica!! It’s a bit of fresh chopped parsley if I
recall. Mostly so the photos look better haha. ♥️

Reply

  19. Nicole says

December 5, 2019 at 6:23 PM

If making for a crowd would browning the chicken on the stovetop and then
adding to a large pan with the rest of the ingredients and finishing in the
oven work?

Reply

    * Natasha says

December 5, 2019 at 8:55 PM

I think that would work fine! Hope you enjoy the recipe. Let me know how it
goes. ♥️

Reply

  20. Doug Barton says

November 1, 2019 at 2:00 PM

  
Another excellent recipe Natasha. Your recipes are truly fabulous and tick all
the boxes of easy, quick and delicious, something many others claim but few
manage to live up to. By far my favourite recipe site. Thanks again Natasha.

Reply

    * Natasha says

November 1, 2019 at 2:18 PM

Aww so happy you enjoy my recipes, Doug! Thanks for taking the time to leave
me a comment. 🙂

Reply

  21. Courtney says

October 8, 2019 at 6:24 PM

OMG!!!!!! So delicious and easy! All my kiddos (6 year old and twin 11 month
olds) loved this soooo much. This is my second recipe this week from you and
I’m hooked 😀😀

Reply

    * Natasha says

October 8, 2019 at 7:30 PM

I am soo happy that everyone liked it! 🙂

Reply

  22. America says

September 24, 2019 at 7:38 PM

  
OMG!!!! So easy and good, thanks for the great recipes 🙂

Reply

    * Natasha says

September 25, 2019 at 10:37 AM

You're very welcome! 😀

Reply

  23. Sara Rodriguez says

September 23, 2019 at 8:32 PM

  
New favorite chicken recipe! Made it for my fiancé and I and we both loved the
flavor so much. Definitely will be making this recipe again!

Reply

    * Natasha says

September 24, 2019 at 9:46 AM

Excellent... I am so pleased you guys liked it! 😀

Reply

  24. Sarah says

September 19, 2019 at 6:27 PM

Just made this and it was phenomenal! I love the simplicity of the recipes and
how delicious they are!

Reply

    * Natasha says

September 20, 2019 at 10:17 AM

Fantastic! Thanks, Sarah! 🙂

Reply

  25. Gail says

September 19, 2019 at 5:11 AM

Sooooo good. Made it with boneless skinless thighs. Made a little extra sauce
and cooked just a bit longer. Will make again!!!

Reply

    * Natasha says

September 20, 2019 at 10:19 AM

That's great! So glad you liked it, Gail.

Reply

  26. Anita says

September 17, 2019 at 7:12 PM

Yummy😋 Made this tonight and it was so good!! And quick and easy! Definitely
going to be a go to in our household! I’ll be trying more recipes very soon.

Reply

    * Natasha says

September 17, 2019 at 7:31 PM

So happy to hear it, Anita! ❤️❤️

Reply

  27. Shelby says

September 15, 2019 at 9:06 PM

  
I made this for my boyfriend and I tonight and it was amazing! There was so
much flavor and the chicken was very tender. We paired it with mashed potatoes
and I will definitely be making this again!

Reply

    * Natasha says

September 15, 2019 at 9:24 PM

Soo happy you liked it, Shelby! Thanks for leaving me a comment. ❤️😊

Reply

## Primary Sidebar

Hi! I'm Natasha. Salt & Lavender is a recipe blog with a focus on delicious
comfort food using everyday ingredients. Beat the weekday grind with hundreds
of easy-to-follow and hassle-free recipes! Read more...

Get new recipes in your inbox weekly!

search...

### BROWSE RECIPES:

BROWSE RECIPES: Select Category Appetizers & Sides Beef Blogging Breakfast
Casseroles Chicken & Poultry Christmas & Thanksgiving Comfort Food Favorites
Condiments & Sauces Crockpot Desserts & Sweets Drinks Featured Fish & Seafood
Game-day Grilling & BBQ Healthy Instant Pot Kitchen Tips Low-Carb Mains Meal
Prep Pasta Pizza Pork Quick & Easy Real Life Recipes Roundups Salads
Sandwiches & Burgers Soups Sponsored Tacos Vegan Vegetarian

## Footer

  * Contact
  * FAQ
  * Site Policies
  * For Bloggers

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

· Copyright (C) 2022 Salt & Lavender Inc ·

