https://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/honey-and-lemon-glazed-roast-chicken


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Recipes & Cooking
  * Drinks
  * Travel
  * Holidays + Events
  * News
  * F&W; Classic
  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Subscribe  Subscribe

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore Food & Wine

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * F&W Cooks

####  F&W; Cooks

Food and Wine presents a new network of food pros delivering the most cookable
recipes and delicious ideas online.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

####  Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

Looking to amp up your beef stew but unsure where to start? A slow cooker can
can take your comfort food to the next level.  Read More

    * 50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

####  50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

We’ve assembled a list of 50 of the world’s most reliable, inexpensive wines –
bottles that offer amazing quality for their price year in and year out.  Read
More

  * Recipes & Cooking

### Recipes & Cooking

See All Recipes & Cooking

    * Chicken
    * Comfort Food
    * Breakfast + Brunch
    * Salads
    * Desserts
    * Vegetables
    * Pasta + Noodles
    * Chefs
    * Meat + Poultry
    * Soup
    * Appetizers
    * Side Dishes
    * Fruits
    * Seafood
    * Special Diets
    * Cooking Techniques
    * Steal This Trick

  * Drinks

### Drinks

See All Drinks

    * Wine
    * Spirits
    * Coffee
    * Juices
    * Beer
    * Champagne + Sparkling Wine
    * Tea

  * Travel

### Travel

See All Travel

    * Wine Regions
    * Restaurants

  * Holidays + Events

### Holidays + Events

See All Holidays + Events

    * Valentine's Day
    * Halloween
    * Passover
    * Hanukkah
    * Christmas
    * Gifts
    * Super Bowl
    * Easter
    * Thanksgiving
    * New Year's Eve
    * Holiday Entertaining

  * News
  * F&W; Classic

### F&W; Classic

See All F&W; Classic

    * F&W; Classic Insider
    * Food & Wine Classic in Aspen

  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Subscribe  this link opens in a new tab

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Honey-and-Lemon-Glazed Roast Chicken

# Honey-and-Lemon-Glazed Roast Chicken

Rating: 5 stars

1869 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 1869 
  * 4 star values: 0 
  * 3 star values: 0 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 1,869 Ratings 
  * 1 Review 

"I'm crazy for chicken," Piero Incisa della Rocchetta says. "I regularly eat a
whole one by myself." Inspired by beautifully browned Peking duck, he brushes
chickens with a mixture of soy sauce and honey from the beehives in his
Patagonia vineyards. **More Great Chicken Recipes**

By Mauricio Couly and Piero Incisa della Rocchetta

May 2011

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Honey-and-Lemon-Glazed Roast Chicken

Credit: (C) Fredrika Stjarne

## Recipe Summary

active:

20 mins

total:

1 hr 45 mins

Yield:

8

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1/4 cup plus 1 teaspoon honey 
  * 2 tablespoons plus 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice 
  * 2 tablespoons soy sauce 
  * Three 3-pound chickens 
  * Salt 
  * 9 large rosemary sprigs 
  * 9 garlic cloves, quartered 
  * 1 lemon, cut into 12 wedges 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Preheat the oven to 450°. In a small bowl, combine the honey, lemon juice and
soy sauce. Set the chickens on a large rimmed baking sheet and tuck the wing
tips underneath. Season the cavities with salt and stuff each one with 3
rosemary sprigs, 3 quartered garlic cloves and 4 lemon wedges. Brush two-
thirds of the honey glaze over the chickens and season lightly with salt.
Roast in the middle of the oven for 30 minutes.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Reduce the oven temperature to 325°. Rotate the chickens in the pan and brush
with the remaining glaze. Roast the chickens for about 45 minutes longer,
until the juices run clear when the thighs are pierced; turn the pan halfway
through roasting. Transfer the chickens to a carving board and let rest for 15
minutes. Carve the chickens and serve.

##  Suggested Pairing

The soy sauce gives the skin a salty, earthy edge that's ideal for a Pinot
Noir like Piero's powerful Bodega Chacra Treinta y Dos. An easier-to-find
alternative would be a good Burgundy.

Advertisement

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews (1)

Add Rating & Review

Sort by:  Newest

Newest Oldest

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Honey-and-Lemon-Glazed Roast Chicken

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Honey-and-Lemon-Glazed Roast Chicken

##  All Reviews for Honey-and-Lemon-Glazed Roast Chicken

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Food & Wine

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Books from Food & Wine
  * Contact Us
  * Advertise
  * Content Licensing
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithFood & Wine is part of the Meredith Corporation Allrecipes Food Group.
(C) Copyright 2022 Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Privacy
Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in a new
tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis link
opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Food & Wine. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.foodandwine.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Honey-and-Lemon-Glazed Roast Chicken

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

