https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/228617/grilled-honey-lemon-chicken/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. BBQ & Grilling
  4. Chicken
  5. Chicken Breasts
  6. Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

# Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.6

178 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 123 
  * 4 star values: 47 
  * 3 star values: 8 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 178 Ratings 
  * 133 Reviews 
  * 21 Photos 

Tangy, moist citrus chicken for the grill! Goes great with grilled potatoes
and coleslaw.

Recipe by Autumn Pumpkin

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

Add Photo

Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken Erika P

Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken Rebekah Beal

Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken crkydg

Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken missdabalina

\+ 17 17 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

15 mins

cook:

15 mins

additional:

2 hrs

total:

2 hrs 30 mins

Servings:

4

Yield:

4 servings

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

4

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 4 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * ¼ cup canola oil 
  * 1 lemon, zested and juiced 
  * 1 tablespoon Dijon mustard 
  * 1 tablespoon honey 
  * 2 cloves garlic, pressed 
  * 2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce 
  * 2 teaspoons dried Italian herb seasoning 
  * 1 ½ teaspoons salt 
  * 1 teaspoon ground black pepper 
  * 4 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Mix canola oil, lemon zest, lemon juice, Dijon mustard, honey, garlic,
Worcestershire sauce, Italian herb seasoning, salt, and black pepper in a
bowl; pour into a resealable plastic bag. Place chicken breasts into the bag,
seal, and squeeze bag with your fingers several times to coat chicken with
marinade. Place a second resealable bag over the first and seal to prevent
leaks. Refrigerate chicken for 2 to 4 hours.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Preheat grill for medium heat and lightly oil the grate.

  * Step 3

Remove chicken breasts from bag; discard used marinade. Cook chicken on the
preheated grill until the center is no longer pink and the juices run clear, 7
to 8 minutes per side.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

277 calories; protein 23.5g; carbohydrates 10g; fat 16.6g; cholesterol 60.8mg;
sodium 1045mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (133)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Spunky Buddy

Rating: 4 stars

08/26/2012

The first bite of the chicken at the narrow end of the breast had me thinking
the marinade was a bit overbearing, but I admit I tend to be a non-marinade
guy. However, as I took a couple more bites I was treated to a wonderfully
moist chicken breast where the subtle sweetness of the marinade complemented
the chicken perfectly. I will definitely make this again but I’ll make sure
the chicken breasts are reasonably medium-thick so the marinade does not
overpower the taste of the chicken.

Read More

Helpful (50)

### Most helpful critical review

Leyton

Rating: 3 stars

07/08/2019

The zest is crucial IMO. I'll also probably drizzle some honey on the chicken
halfway through cooking to create a glaze.

Read More

Helpful (1)

178 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 123 
  * 4 star values: 47 
  * 3 star values: 8 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 0 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Spunky Buddy

Rating: 4 stars

08/26/2012

The first bite of the chicken at the narrow end of the breast had me thinking
the marinade was a bit overbearing, but I admit I tend to be a non-marinade
guy. However, as I took a couple more bites I was treated to a wonderfully
moist chicken breast where the subtle sweetness of the marinade complemented
the chicken perfectly. I will definitely make this again but I’ll make sure
the chicken breasts are reasonably medium-thick so the marinade does not
overpower the taste of the chicken.

Kimberly Kotz Walls

Rating: 5 stars

03/27/2013

Very nice. I followed the recipe exactly, except I baked the chicken in the
sauce instead of grilling it. Everyone loved it!

Niki

Rating: 5 stars

04/29/2014

Delicious! I used olive oil instead of canola. Also baked it in the oven at
425 for 20 minutes. Wonderful lemon flavor and very moist.

DR in TX

Rating: 5 stars

06/22/2015

I followed the recipe exactly except that I used stone ground mustard and
marinated for 24 hours. We grilled for 8 minutes on one side and 7 on the
other. These were the most tender, juicy and flavorful chicken breasts that
I've ever eaten in my life. They nearly melted in my mouth. I should have
taken a photo, but they were eaten too fast to get one. Make this chicken, you
won't be sorry!

MICHAEL JACKSON

Rating: 5 stars

05/10/2015

This is a great recipe. I've made it a few times, and found I prefer to cut
the Italian seasoning in half, and skip the salt. The chicken breasts I buy
are usually already injected with a salt brine, so no need to add more. It's
funny to see all the reviews attributing moist chicken to the marinade....raw
chicken is moist, even without a marinade. It is overcooking that results in
dry chicken. So, use this marinade for a nice, lemony chicken, and make sure
not to overcook it if you want it moist :)

larlac22

Rating: 5 stars

09/05/2012

Love it! Easy and it uses things you have on hand in the house. I subbed maple
syrup for honey because I didn't have any honey but it was still awesome. Made
the chicken moist and gave it a great tangy taste. My hubby even at it the
next day and he usually hates leftovers. I'll be making this again, thanks.

sweld

Rating: 5 stars

03/01/2019

So good!! I made the marinade and baked it in the oven. This was some of the
most delicious, tender chicken ever! I’ll definitely be adding this recipe to
my regular rotation.

Diane Powers Steinert

Rating: 5 stars

01/04/2015

We multiplied this recipe by 10 for a dinner we held for our daughter's
college swim team (40 of them). Despite the fact that there was also smoked
pork tenderloin and pasta with homemade sauce, they devoured every single
piece of the chicken. For convenience, we made double batches of marinade,
added the chicken as directed and froze the filled bags flat on a cookie
sheet. Thanks for an excellent recipe!

Lesa Lee

Rating: 4 stars

06/18/2014

Made exactly per recipe (except baked instead of grilling) and it was very
good. The Italian seasoning was a little overpowering for my taste, though.

SLJ6

Rating: 5 stars

03/11/2013

I thought this was a very good chicken marinade although the honey is not
prominant at all, the lemon really shines through in this one. I did use olive
oil and cut the salt way back, other than that, love the fresh lemon zest and
fresh garlic. Thanks!

laramony

Rating: 5 stars

08/27/2015

Really easy marinade and my family loved it. We are big fans of the Rosemary
Ranch Chicken on this site - this marinade had as much flavor but was much
easier to prepare. Will definitely be adding it to the "rotation."

49ersaredabest

Rating: 5 stars

03/25/2016

Great recipe. I put everything but the lemon juice and zest in a Ziploc bag
and marinated the chicken breasts overnight. A couple hours before cooking, I
added the juice and zest. In addition to the honey, also added 1 tbsp. maple
syrup also. Not outdoor BBQ season so I cooked it in oven at 350 for 1 hour.
Served over basmati rice which soaked up the sauce. served with grilled
asparagus, was a great meal. Thanks for recipe!

Lauren

Rating: 5 stars

01/27/2019

WOW!!!!! AMAZING! I ate my serving in about 5 mins. Definitely making this
again and also for people who I want to impress with food in the future

jane

Rating: 5 stars

05/26/2014

what a great recipe!! I'll for sure be making this again and again! I added a
touch more honey to the marinade because I've always love the taste of honey
and chicken

Ann Woldt

Rating: 5 stars

07/03/2019

This is a great marinade. The only changes I made were to increase the garlic,
and I broiled the chicken in my oven (we don't have a grill). It also works
for pork in the same proportions. I've also used it with a couple of limes in
place of the lemon, which also works well. Thanks for posting!

Mary Neumann

Rating: 5 stars

09/21/2016

Family of 6 LOVED it. They even fought over the last piece. NOTE: I peeled one
lemon and slivered the peel. Added to the marinade, it was a powerful punch of
lemon. YUM!

Mary Jeannie

Rating: 4 stars

06/09/2018

No changes made

Meredith R

Rating: 5 stars

05/20/2014

Delicious! My mom and I made this for dinner. It's easy and excellent. One of
my new favorite recipes!

Oregonvee

Rating: 4 stars

04/29/2016

Made it with a some"mods". Was out of Worcestershire so subbed a low sodium
chicken stock. Used only a 1/2 tsp of salt and doubled the honey. The chicken
was super moist and my man loved this dish!!

Donna

Rating: 5 stars

08/24/2017

The only change I made was I halved the salt for health reasons. It was
delicious! Definitely a favorite and great on the small chicken tender cuts.

OHSUSAN429

Rating: 5 stars

08/24/2016

Made it exactly as the recipe stated. It was really moist and really good.
Saved it to my favorites!

Deb C

Allstar

Rating: 4 stars

08/14/2013

The honey flavor is obscured by the strong citrus presence and additional
flavorings, but is still a good marinade.

lhubb

Rating: 5 stars

10/15/2016

Marinade was very good. I baked it and the flavors worked well.

Marsha in Asheville

Rating: 5 stars

06/30/2015

tasty to the max!

tandy

Rating: 4 stars

04/14/2015

This was excellent. I used a smoked bacon mustard instead of Dijon. My family
loves this recipe.

Cat Kiker

Rating: 5 stars

06/18/2014

This recipe is really good, especially when i marinate overnight. I get
compliments on it whenever i use it at barbeques

ecorrine22

Rating: 5 stars

08/30/2016

This is my favorite chicken marinade. I've made it so many times and it's
always delicious. It pairs well with pretty much any side dish or salad.

Fastasscrass

Rating: 5 stars

05/16/2013

Followed recipe EXACTLY, Cooked to 160F over medium heat on gas grill, let
rest for 5 minutes. Paired with grilled summer squash. Rave reviews from
dinner guests. Thanks for the awesome recipe!

Leyton

Rating: 3 stars

07/08/2019

The zest is crucial IMO. I'll also probably drizzle some honey on the chicken
halfway through cooking to create a glaze.

Jenni

Rating: 5 stars

01/26/2015

Very easy, husband loved it. I added only a splash of oil and cooked the
chicken in the marinade in a skillet. I didn't have italian seasoning so I
used a mix of oregano, parsley, rosemary, and thyme. It turned out really
well. I served it with rice and a salad.

BTVSfan

Rating: 5 stars

01/11/2016

My new favorite chicken marinade!! Too cold out to grill, so I threw it in the
stove top to char it a bit. Very flavorful! Will definitely be making this
again! (Used boneless skinless tenderloins instead of the breasts and paired
it with a very simply roasted butternut squash recipe also on this app

Melanie

Rating: 5 stars

08/07/2019

I only marinated it for 90 minutes but it still tasted amazing! Highly
recommend!

Food42

Rating: 4 stars

07/26/2015

Took a chance on this marinade and wasn't disappointed. Followed recipe
exactly except I didn't have a fresh lemon so I used 3 tablespoons of lemon
juice instead and I only marinaded the chicken for an hour because we were
short on time. Still had a lot of favor and the kids liked it. We will be
keeping this one.

Sandy Reason

Rating: 5 stars

04/06/2017

This was absolutely amazing! I served with roasted potatoes and broccoli.
Saved some marinade which I made into a sauce for the veggies. So good, I will
make this for company.

CinnamonCheryl

Rating: 5 stars

04/23/2013

This has so much flavor and with all the ingredients I had around the house. I
didn't have a lemon, so I used two tablespoons of bottled lemon juice. I
didn't like all that salt so I cut it back to a 1/2 teaspoon of salt and also
only 1/2 teaspoon of black pepper. It worked great on the chicken I cooked on
an indoor grill.

Louise Nissenbaum

Rating: 5 stars

07/07/2019

Oh my goodness! My husband love this chicken. I didn't have a lemon, but I had
lemon juice so I used 1 TBSP lemon juice in its place. I also used 1/4 cup + 1
Tbsp Evoo in place of the canola oil, addede 1 oz White Balsamic Vinegar, 1 oz
water, used 3 large cloves of garlic, smashed and chopped and changed the
seasoning to 1/4 tsp EACH: Dried Basil, Dried Oregano, Italian Herb Seasoning
and black pepper. I did keep the 1 TBSP Each of Honey and Dijon Mustard, and 2
tsp worcestershire sauce. In place of the amount of salt in the recipe I used
1/4 tsp salt and 1-1/4 tsp Nu-Salt (salt substitute with potassium). I
actually marinated chicken legs. I used 2/3 of the marinade in the zipper
closed bag (in frig for 3 hours) and put the legs on the Indoor Grill, turning
and basting with the remaining marinade until they got a good char (not
burnt!). Then I transferred them to a shallow baking pan and roasted them in
the oven at 400 degrees F. for 35 minutes (till cooked though). Yes, it meant
turning on the oven, but for me it was a better alternative to going out in
the heat, humidity and insects.

tperry1234

Rating: 5 stars

07/15/2015

Very tasty. Super simple. I even used reconstituted lemon juice I had in a
bottle in my frig to save from having to go to the store.

Daisy

Rating: 5 stars

01/10/2014

I tried this recipe a while ago and then lost it. I've been trying to find it
for months since, it was definitely worth it! This was some of the best
chicken I've ever had! I love marinades, so, I did tweak it a little to taste
and it was Sooo moist! I liked the flavor so much, I swapped in olive oil and
used it as a salad dressing. So glad I found the recipe again!

Lori Rowe

Rating: 4 stars

07/22/2019

Extremely easy to make and a recipe that you tend to have all ingredients on
hand. Mixed up the marinade quickly before work this morning, pulled the
chicken from the freezer, let it marinate all day. We ended up baking in the
oven for about 45 minutes, but it was deliciously moist and tasty. Will
definitely make again

Sheila LaLonde

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

07/09/2015

This recipe is delicious. I made it exactly per the instructions, marinating
at the minimum two hour mark. The flavors melded perfectly and the chicken was
moist, tender and flavorful. It received rave reviews at dinner last night.
Thanks for sharing, Autumn Pumpkin!

carinam

Rating: 5 stars

07/09/2019

This is a great summer dish. I cut way back on the salt and let the chicken
marinate all day for a light citrus flavor in every bite. Will be making this
recipe again.

Richard

Rating: 5 stars

07/08/2019

Actually very easy to make and tasted very good.

Jodi Poland

Rating: 5 stars

07/09/2019

Yes , it was very good.

mariarosa99

Rating: 5 stars

07/14/2019

No changes, and my young adult sons loved it. I did have to grill a thick
piece more than what the recipe suggested. We all loved the flavor, and I will
make this again!

Judi

Rating: 5 stars

07/12/2019

This is absolutely the best chicken marinade I've ever tasted! I don't like
Dijon mustard by itself and really didn't expect to like this marinade but it
was FANTASTIC!! The lemon juice and zest tempered the mustard perfectly. I
made the recipe exactly as written. I scored the chicken breasts about 1/4
inch deep to allow the marinade to better penetrate the meat. This is a
keeper!!!

Bloated

Rating: 5 stars

05/28/2020

Timeless, fail-safe recipe which I've made more times that I than I care to
admit. Utilizing Costco's thinly-sliced chicken breasts, these marinated
breasts, indeed, grill perfectly cross-hatched @ 7-8 mins. If you're compelled
to deviate from our author's classic, consider the alternative of Heinz 57 w/a
thimble of lime juice -

jds

Rating: 5 stars

09/13/2020

I made the marinade as the recipe called, adding skinless chicken thighs with
the breasts. It was delicious.

Steph

Rating: 5 stars

07/31/2016

Great recipe for the grill! Will definitely make again

Susan

Rating: 5 stars

07/18/2019

Since this was the first time I've made this recipe, I followed it closely. It
turned out beautifully. The chicken was very moist with a great set of
flavours. It went very well with the suggested grilled potatoes and coleslaw.
We also had some fresh asparagus with lemon and parmesan! Yum!!

Jennifer Fischer Geiger

Rating: 5 stars

07/06/2019

easy and tasty marinade

Karen Smith

Rating: 4 stars

04/29/2020

Followed directions, had a great lemon flavor even the next day, should have
cooked longer or at a higher temp.

Joie

Rating: 4 stars

09/20/2019

Made this several times. Yummy. However, I baked it in the oven. Was still
quite yummy!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

06/01/2017

delicious! A great way to mix up just plain old chicken! I even cooked it on
the grill and it was extra delicious. I did cook it on a copper grill pan
outside, but it was the best chicken we have ever made!

ohdebbie

Rating: 4 stars

07/09/2019

I didn't have honey so I used maple syrup. It was good. Maybe I'll make it
again sometime.

Tomato Slayer

Rating: 4 stars

08/01/2019

I loved this recipe. The chicken breast’s taste is really nice. I also used
olive oil instead of canola oil, and I baked the chicken with the marinade as
some people suggested. It was a good recipe, and I will insha’Allah do it
again.

Doloresi

Rating: 5 stars

07/06/2019

I will make it again. It has a good flavor using ingredients as listed in your
recipe. I seem to dry out chicken breasts on the grill but marinating them,
turned out to be five hours, helped keep them more moist.

STARGAZER

Rating: 5 stars

07/09/2019

Made it for BBQ on the 4th and everyone loved it! Definitely a keeper

Fiona

Rating: 5 stars

05/27/2014

Tried this marinade tonight and it was delicious! Used olive oil instead of
canola. I felt it was a little salty; next time I will try with either less
salt or sans salt. Flattened the breasts with a mallet before grilling. 5
minutes each side on low heat on a gas grill. The chicken was superb --
succulent! This immediately became one of our favorite marinades. Thank you
for sharing!

ANADAMABAKER

Rating: 5 stars

08/01/2021

I use this as a marinade for chicken pieces that I skewer and grill. I reserve
some marinade and slather it on the skewers while they cook. Great flavor and
so easy!

robert paddy

Rating: 4 stars

06/03/2020

It had a quite nice flavor. I would definitely make this again.

FOREVER YOUNG

Rating: 3 stars

07/08/2019

Easy recipe, bland taste for me.

lindap

Rating: 4 stars

07/12/2019

We enjoyed this. Used 5 boneless skinless chicken breasts and only part of a
small bottle of Catalina salad dressing.

BlessedMama

Rating: 5 stars

08/09/2019

Simply and delicious! A definite keeper!!!

Joel Durham

Rating: 4 stars

07/20/2018

Wonderful recipe! In addition I've added fresh grated parmesan cheese which
was a great addition to an already wonderful recipe

Debbie Coma

Rating: 3 stars

07/13/2015

This was just OK to us. Flavors were fine, but very subtle. Probably won't use
this again.

Beachhousedog

Rating: 4 stars

07/04/2019

I omitted the Worcestershire sauce because I had none and not a fan. Used
skinless chicken thighs and whole grain Dijon and remaining ingredients as
written. I grilled after 5 hours of marinating - quite delicious! They
literally were done after 5 min. on high heat. I felt a little more salt was
needed after cooking since I omitted the salty Worcestershire sauce.

Barbara Stanley Burke

Rating: 5 stars

07/15/2019

It was great, the whole family loved it even my 5 yr. old.

bap0830

Rating: 4 stars

07/12/2019

Very good, marinated for 24 hours and grilled on stove top. Stayed moist and
tender. Thought it could have used a bit more flavor but will play with
seasoning next time. My 19 year old son said it was the best grilled chicken
hes ever had and requested I make it every week!!! now that's saying
something!!!

Fun in the Kitchen

Rating: 4 stars

08/29/2016

This one is -nice and easy to make. I also squirted in some lime juice and two
shakes of cayenne pepper, 5 hour marinade. next time I will do overnight.
Cheers

Nancy A

Rating: 4 stars

07/07/2019

Didn’t have a fresh lemon so I used lemon juice. I followed everything else in
the recipe except I cut the beasts in half for better coverage and even
cooking. Possibly because of the lack of lemon zest the flavor was slightly
lacking contrast. It was certainly “good enough” and I will keep it on my list
to try again with fresh lemon.

SweetStef

Rating: 5 stars

07/29/2019

This is really good. I doubled the amount of honey and used it on chicken
shish kabobs. I will definitely make it again!

Elizabeth

Rating: 5 stars

07/19/2019

Love it! Perfect as is.

Tom Sadowski

Rating: 5 stars

07/09/2019

Super yummy and flavorful. I made this using Chicken thighs, rather than
breasts, and my family loved them!

Jake H

Rating: 4 stars

08/01/2019

Very good!

wendyb

Rating: 4 stars

08/09/2018

I needed to put these in the crockpot and I only had boneless, skinless
thighs. I seared the chicken first My family still thought they were great & I
will make this again.

Hal

Rating: 4 stars

05/06/2020

Very tasty. Will make again.

armando sotelo

Rating: 5 stars

06/02/2019

Will definitely make again, I used it to make chicken wings and the family
loved it

Laurie Taft

Rating: 5 stars

07/12/2019

Loved it very juicy lots of flavor most of all my husband loves will be making
it again

Larry McDaniel

Rating: 5 stars

07/05/2019

It's so good I miss add djo mustard but everything on it its still good

mkk0129

Rating: 3 stars

07/12/2019

This was a very simple recipe. I made it in the oven for ease as the others
said it came out well. My husband and I agreed that the lemon flavor
conflicted with the Italian seasoning. The dish was ok but not fantastic. Prob
won’t make it again.

Mamalin04

Rating: 5 stars

07/06/2019

I used refrigerated lemon juice and grated lemon peel instead of the fresh
lemon and zest and it turned out great! We all loved the chicken!

Jane

Rating: 5 stars

07/09/2019

This chicken dish was very easy to make with pantry staples and absolutely
delicious to eat.

ken

Rating: 4 stars

08/05/2019

I will make it again and add a little more honey.

rexmom

Rating: 5 stars

03/30/2020

So good, just as written! My whole family loved it.

Christopher Gore

Rating: 4 stars

07/04/2019

Loved it. I added some red pepper flakes for a little spice. Sweet, salty and
spicy.

Mike the home cook

Rating: 5 stars

07/04/2019

I used lime vs lemon on legs vs breasts and it was terrific. Great recipe.
Everyone in my family loved it including my 2 picky kiddos. Defiantly will
make this easy to make dish again.

oddball

Rating: 5 stars

07/30/2019

Definitely will make again, excellent. Moist and delicious

Paula Turse

Rating: 5 stars

07/09/2019

I made this for the 4th of July BBQ and it was outstanding! Will definitely
make this again.

Janet Jones Newman

Rating: 5 stars

07/11/2019

I got the ingredients together and my husband mixed up the marinade while I
was out. After careful grilling we enjoyed restaurant-quality really moist,
flavorful chicken breasts! It was easy to make, and absolutely delicious. We
followed the recipe exactly. We will be making this again. I’d even serve it
to guests.

Carolyn

Rating: 5 stars

06/12/2014

I didn't have any Italian herb mix so I just used oregano and basil and it was
perfect. It is a great marinade, even the kids were happy!

carl

Rating: 4 stars

07/16/2019

Quick and easy on the grill. Good balanced flavor and the left overs were very
good to. We're big on leftovers at home. With very busy schedules we like to
cook once and have several meals.

Bob Barber

Rating: 5 stars

07/06/2019

Delicious as is! Thank you for this delicious recipe. I made it as directed
but this recipe is soo versatile, use your fav spices and you can grill or
bake. Yummy and no dried out chicken breasts.

karen

Rating: 5 stars

07/26/2019

It was an easy, tasty dish made on the grill, but I’ll try it in the oven come
winter.

kderopp

Rating: 5 stars

07/11/2019

It was really flavorful and moist. I marinated the chicken for 8 hrs

irina

Rating: 4 stars

06/12/2016

This was a very good recipe. Doubled it for 6 chicken breasts. Very distinct
flavor! Will make it again.

Be Lynne

Rating: 4 stars

07/05/2019

The recipe was great, but the chicken breasts I had were huge and ended up
taking 11 minutes to cook on each side (Although I also live 4,000 feet above
sea level). My suggestion if you have chicken breasts thicker than 3 inches is
to flatten them a bit prior to seasoning and cooking. Otherwise, very tasty!

Monique Ramirez

Rating: 5 stars

07/18/2019

This was the juiciest chicken we've made on the grill. So flavorful! I made a
few changes, instead of canola oil I used Avocado oil, regular mustard and
instead of Lemon I used Lime. DELISH! The boyfriend loved it.. we will
definitely make this again.

EMeeker

Rating: 5 stars

07/05/2019

Loved this! I made the marinade the night before then marinaded the chicken
for about 4 hours before grilling. I will defiantly make this again.

Doc P

Rating: 5 stars

07/06/2019

Easy to make and wonderful flavors.

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

##  All Reviews for Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

Servings Per Recipe: 4  
Calories: 276.6  

% Daily Value *

protein:  23.5g  47 %

carbohydrates:  10g  3 %

dietary fiber:  1.8g  7 %

sugars:  4.6g

fat:  16.6g  26 %

saturated fat:  1.7g  9 %

cholesterol:  60.8mg  20 %

vitamin a iu:  79.1IU  2 %

niacin equivalents:  11.3mg  87 %

vitamin b6:  0.3mg  20 %

vitamin c:  22.9mg  38 %

folate:  6.8mcg  2 %

calcium:  48.1mg  5 %

iron:  1.6mg  9 %

magnesium:  26.2mg  9 %

potassium:  239mg  7 %

sodium:  1045mg  42 %

thiamin:  0.1mg  5 %

calories from fat:  149.2

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 133

Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

1 of 21 Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

Erika P

Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

2 of 21 Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

Rebekah Beal

Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

3 of 21 Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

crkydg

Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

4 of 21 Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

missdabalina

Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

5 of 21 Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

Serena Lynn

Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

6 of 21 Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

ckfoshee

Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

7 of 21 Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

Steve Sapp

Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

8 of 21 Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

geni

Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

9 of 21 Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

Monique Ramirez

Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

10 of 21 Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

RobinS

Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

11 of 21 Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

Larry McDaniel

Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

12 of 21 Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

Ian Fife

Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

13 of 21 Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

Genie

Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

14 of 21 Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

Jenni Gin

Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

15 of 21 Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

dante51232

Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

16 of 21 Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

Sheila LaLonde

Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

17 of 21 Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

Ghost of Westeros

Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

18 of 21 Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

tandy

Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

19 of 21 Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

Fiona

Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

20 of 21 Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

Deb C

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Grilled Honey-Lemon Chicken

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

