https://therecipecritic.com/glazed-lemon-honey-garlic-chicken/


Skip to content

  * About
Follow us on Social:

Blog Lovin'Blog Lovin Facebookfacebook Twittertwitter Instagraminstagram
Pinterestpinterest RSSRSS Feed

Search for Submit

The Recipe Critic

  * Favorite
  * Pin
  * Share

SearchToggle Menu

  * Recipe Box
    * All Categories
    * Meal Plans
    * Breakfast
    * Appetizers
    * Side Dishes
    * Dinner
    * Desserts
    * Beverages
    * Soup Recipes
    * Salads
    * Sauces
    * Keto
    * Holiday/Season
      * Easter
      * Spring
      * Summer
      * Fall
      * Thanksgiving
      * Winter
      * Christmas
      * Valentine's Day
  * Breakfast
  * Appetizers
  * Dinner
  * Desserts
    * Brownies
    * Cake
    * Cheesecake
    * Candy
    * Cookies
    * Donut
    * Frozen Treats
    * Fudge
    * Ice Cream
    * Pudding
  * By Ingredient
    * Chicken
    * Beef
    * Pork
    * Turkey
    * Vegetables
    * Fruits
    * Cheeses
    * Chocolate
    * Cinnamon
    * Seafood
    * Fish
    * Pasta
    * Nuts
    * Bacon
  * By Cooking Type
    * Instant Pot
    * Slow Cooker
    * Baked
    * 30-Minute
    * Smoked
    * Skillet
    * Grilling
  * More 

Search for Submit

Home » Dinner » **Glazed Lemon Honey Garlic Chicken**

Dinner

# Glazed Lemon Honey Garlic Chicken

by **Alyssa Rivers** July 11, 2019 * Updated December 30, 2020Jump to Recipe

  * Favorite
  * Pin
  * Share

 _This website may contain affiliate links and advertising so that we can
provide recipes to you. Read myprivacy policy._

 _ **Glazed Lemon Honey Garlic Chicken** is tender and juicy chicken cooked in
the skillet topped the most amazing lemon honey garlic glaze! You are going to
love this simple but full of flavor 30 minute meal! _

Quick and easy meals that are the best family meals are perfect for a busy
weeknight. If you love 30 minutes meals try this Caramel Chicken, Chicken
Enchiladas with Avocado Cream Sauce or Cider Glazed Chicken.

## Glazed Honey Lemon Garlic Chicken

If you haven't noticed yet, 30 minute meals are becoming my BFF lately. And my
skillet meals are becoming quite popular on my site. This Creamy Tuscan Garlic
Chicken is soaring to one of the most popular skillet meals on the site!

These 30 minute meals are saving me during the busy school year and I am still
able to provide a delicious meal that brings the family together for just a
few minutes each night.

The best part about this recipe is that it only requires a few ingredients. I
had all of the ingredients in the pantry and some costco chicken in the fridge
and this meal was on the dinner table in no time at all!

The chicken gets cooked in butter on the skillet infusing delicious flavor and
making the chicken tender and juicy. And then the glaze that goes on top is
incredible.

A little bit of tang from the lemon, plus the sweet honey, and garlic all come
together to add big flavor to this simple meal.

Your entire family will love this meal! And you will love it because it is
easy to make and has the most incredible lemon garlic honey glaze. Simple,
minimal ingredients, and big on flavor. That is how we like 'em!

## How to make Glazed Honey Lemon Garlic Chicken?

  * In a medium sized skillet add the butter and allow to melt over medium high heat. Add the chicken thighs to the skillet and salt and pepper. Cook for 3-4 minutes on each side or until chicken is no longer pink and 165 degrees.
  * In a small bowl whisk olive oil, lemon juice, minced garlic, honey, soy sauce and Italian seasoning. Pour it on top of the chicken and cook for a few minutes to allow the garlic to cook and for the sauce to reduce and thicken.

## Chicken Breast or Chicken Thighs?

You can substitute thighs for chicken breasts. You get a better flavored part
of the chicken from the thighs that are a working muscles, which is why they
are darker meat. I prefer thighs over breasts for cooking and eating however
either is great for this recipe.

## How do you know when Chicken Thighs are done?

The safe internal temperature for cooked chicken is 165° Fahrenheit(75°
Celsius). A meat or instant-read thermometer is your best bet for determining
the temperature of your chicken, and if you're cooking a whole bird, it should
be inserted into the thickest part of the thigh but not touching bone.

## What goes well with Glazed Honey Lemon Garlic Chicken?

  * Green Salad
  * White or Brown Rice
  * Pasta
  * Green Vegetables: Green Beans, Broccoli or Asparagus



## Looking for more honey garlic recipes? Try these!

  * Foil Pack Honey Garlic Chicken
  * Sticky Honey Garlic Butter Shrimp
  * Roasted Honey Garlic Butter Chicken
  * Honey Garlic Chicken Stir Fry
  * Slow Cooker Honey Garlic Glazed Wings  



## Glazed Lemon Honey Garlic Chicken

4.59 from 24 votes

Glazed Lemon Honey Garlic Chicken is tender and juicy chicken cooked in the
skillet topped the most amazing lemon honey garlic glaze! You are going to
love this simple but full of flavor 30 minute meal!

Prep Time 5 minutes

Cook Time 15 minutes

Total Time 20 minutes

Servings: 4

PrintReview

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * ▢ 1 pound boneless chicken thighs breasts will also work
  * ▢ 2 Tablespoons butter
  * ▢ ¼ cup olive oil
  * ▢ ½ cup lemon juice
  * ▢ 2 cloves minced garlic
  * ▢ 1/4 cup honey
  * ▢ 1 Tablespoon soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon Italian seasoning

* * *

### Instructions



  * In a medium sized skillet add the butter and allow to melt over medium high heat. Add the chicken thighs to the skillet and salt and pepper. Cook for 3-4 minutes on each side or until chicken is no longer pink and 165 degrees.

  * In a small bowl whisk olive oil, lemon juice, minced garlic, honey, soy sauce and Italian seasoning. Pour it on top of the chicken and cook for a few minutes to allow the garlic to cook and for the sauce to reduce and thicken.

* * *

### Video

* * *

### Nutrition

Serves: 4

Calories494kcal (25%)Carbohydrates21g (7%)Protein19g (38%)Fat38g
(58%)Saturated Fat11g (55%)Cholesterol126mg (42%)Sodium390mg
(16%)Potassium284mg (8%)Fiber1g (4%)Sugar18g (20%)Vitamin A265IU (5%)Vitamin
C11.8mg (14%)Calcium17mg (2%)Iron1.2mg (7%)

_All nutritional information is based on third party calculations and is only
an estimate. Each recipe and nutritional value will vary depending on the
brands you use, measuring methods and portion sizes per household._

Course Dinner, Main Course

Cuisine American

Keyword chicken, lemon garlic chicken, glazed chicken

Tried this recipe?Mention @alyssa_therecipecritic or tag #therecipecritic



### Share The Post!

Share on FacebookPin on PinterestShare via Email

16 Quick & Easy 30 Minute Recipes!

(plus weekly recipe updates)

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Your First Name *

Your Email Address *

Name

Sign me up!

### Alyssa Rivers

I am Alyssa and the blogger behind The Recipe Critic. I started my blog in
June of 2012 as a place to share my passion for cooking. I love trying new
things and testing them out with my family.

Read More Posts by Alyssa

facebook twitter pinterest instagram

###### Categories

### Reader Favorites

Home » Dinner » **Glazed Lemon Honey Garlic Chicken**

Breakfast

## Quick 45 Minute Cinnamon Rolls

Home » Dinner » **Glazed Lemon Honey Garlic Chicken**

Desserts

## Homemade Reese's Eggs

Home » Dinner » **Glazed Lemon Honey Garlic Chicken**

Desserts

## Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Bars

Home » Dinner » **Glazed Lemon Honey Garlic Chicken**

Soup Recipes

## Best Ever Chili Recipe

## Comments

Leave a reply

## Comment navigation

Older Comments

  1. **R Anderson** says:

July 5, 2022 at 5:30 pm

  
I thought the lemon was overpowering and it drowned out the taste of the
honey. I wasn’t crazy about the overall flavor of the sauce and realized that
the lemon and soy sauce together don’t work for me. I would make this again
and eliminate the soy sauce and cut down the lemon. Thanks for the recipe! I
will try more chicken recipes on your site!

Reply

  2. **Marinna Camasta** says:

November 13, 2020 at 9:35 pm

  
I would give this 5 stars but on its own, but to really make it pop, marinate
it in the honey lemon juice before cooking.

Reply

  3. **Jeff** says:

September 10, 2020 at 2:36 pm

  
LOVE lemon and can't wait to try this! Made something similar with sriracha,
garlic and honey, but it was a marinade and the honey ended up burning before
the chicken was cooked through. Adding it at the end is a great solution for
that!

And the recipe calls for minced garlic, but the photo of the finished dish
shows sliced garlic. Could I use either?

Love your site!!!

Reply

    1. **Alyssa Rivers** says:

September 15, 2020 at 10:24 pm

Yes, you can use either types of garlic. Thank you for the compliment and
following along with me!

Reply

      1. **Jeff** says:

October 1, 2020 at 12:05 pm

  
A. MA. ZING! Changed it up a bit, but a definite keeper! I only did two
thighs, so I just eyeballed the sauce ingredients, keeping the rough
proportions but making less.

I used bone-in/skin-on thighs dusted all over (including beneath the skin)
with dried lemon zest, salt and a LOT of cracked pepper. Cooked them fully in
butter/olive oil and popped them into the toaster over to keep warm (and
eventually to crisp up the skin under the broiling element before returning
them to the pan.

Sautéed the garlic and lots of fresh lemon zest in the butter/olive
oil/chicken fat until fragrant, then deglazed the pan with white wine, which I
let reduce by half before adding the sauce mixture. As it cooked I kept adding
white wine to get more sauce, and just before returning the chicken to the pan
I added a roux which thickened it perfectly.

After simmering the thighs (skin side up to keep the skin crisp) in the sauce,
I plated with some sauce on the side for dipping, and poured the remained of
the a Trader Joes wild rice/red rice/quinoa mixture and snarfed the entire
thing. Serving to the BF tomorrow.

Can't wait to explore the rest of your recipes Alyssa!

      2. **Jeff Woodman** says:

October 1, 2020 at 12:06 pm

  
P.S. Also omitted the Italian seasoning -- didn't miss it.

  4. **Carol** says:

March 28, 2020 at 8:08 pm

Did not like the Italian seasoning and too much,lemon juice in the sauce. They
over powered the flavour of the honey garlic flavouring

Reply

  5. **Alisha C Nguyen** says:

December 27, 2019 at 7:02 pm

  
The good: The way the chicken is cooked leaves it moist with a nice sear.

The bad: Somehow the flavors are just a little weird, a bit off. I'd like to
cook the chicken using the exact same method, but with completely different
flavors.

Reply

  6. **Leudis** says:

July 18, 2019 at 7:06 am

You add only salt and pepper to the chicken ? No other seasoning

Reply

    1. **Alyssa Rivers** says:

July 18, 2019 at 12:18 pm

Correct, unless you would like other seasonings. The glaze will taste
delicious once you are complete.

Reply

  7. **Alyssa@Wine a Little, Cook a Lot** says:

July 11, 2019 at 8:23 am

  
These sound so delicious Alyssa! I love using chicken thighs they’re so
flavorful 🙂

Reply

  8. **Katana** says:

May 10, 2019 at 12:38 am

  
So I’ve been making this over and over for the past two years. I’ll let you in
on some things that worked better for me.

I was having trouble making the sauce thicker and kept over cooking the
chicken because of it. So now I add a little flour (2 tbs-ish?) to the mix.

I now buy the Trader Joe’s all natural chicken fresh breast tenders (usually 1
lb) because it has saved me the trouble of removing a lot of fat and cutting
thighs or breasts.

I use an alternative to soy sauce called liquid aminos.

I changed the honey to a half cup to match the lemon juice.

I put the sauce in the pan first for like 2 minutes (on medium heat) then add
the chicken and apply Susie-Q. Cook one side for 4 minutes, flip them, next
side for 3 minutes, then I drain the sauce in a bowl and keep the chicken in
the pan and switch to high heat.

I char both sides (just have to watch it until it looks how you want, flipping
just a couple times to check each side) and then drop them in the sauce and
boom, they’re ready.

TBH I kinda just eat the chicken out of the sauce bowl but you can plate a few
pieces and drizzle the sauce on top.

Mashed potatoes and asparagus are good sides. -adding a little liquid aminos
to your asparagus while cooking it is bomb.

Reply

## Comment navigation

Older Comments

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Δ

### Popular Articles

Home » Dinner » **Glazed Lemon Honey Garlic Chicken**

Breakfast

## Quick 45 Minute Cinnamon Rolls

Home » Dinner » **Glazed Lemon Honey Garlic Chicken**

Desserts

## Homemade Reese's Eggs

Home » Dinner » **Glazed Lemon Honey Garlic Chicken**

Desserts

## Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Bars

The Recipe Critic

Search for Submit

  * Contact
  * Meet the Team
  * Meet Alyssa

#### Recipes

  * Appetizers
  * Desserts
  * Dinner
  * Salads
  * Sides
  * Soup Recipes
  * Dressings, Sauces, and Dips
  * Breakfast
  * Beverages

#### About

  * Contact
  * Meet the Team
  * Meet Alyssa

#### Social

Blog Lovin'Blog Lovin Facebookfacebook Twittertwitter Instagraminstagram
Pinterestpinterest RSSRSS Feed

The Recipe Critic (C) 2022 * All rights reserved .

An Elite CafeMedia Food Publisher

  * Recipe Box
    * All Categories
    * Meal Plans
    * Breakfast
    * Appetizers
    * Side Dishes
    * Dinner
    * Desserts
    * Beverages
    * Soup Recipes
    * Salads
    * Sauces
    * Keto
    * Holiday/Season
      * Easter
      * Spring
      * Summer
      * Fall
      * Thanksgiving
      * Winter
      * Christmas
      * Valentine's Day
  * Breakfast
  * Appetizers
  * Dinner
  * Desserts
    * Brownies
    * Cake
    * Cheesecake
    * Candy
    * Cookies
    * Donut
    * Frozen Treats
    * Fudge
    * Ice Cream
    * Pudding
  * By Ingredient
    * Chicken
    * Beef
    * Pork
    * Turkey
    * Vegetables
    * Fruits
    * Cheeses
    * Chocolate
    * Cinnamon
    * Seafood
    * Fish
    * Pasta
    * Nuts
    * Bacon
  * By Cooking Type
    * Instant Pot
    * Slow Cooker
    * Baked
    * 30-Minute
    * Smoked
    * Skillet
    * Grilling
  * More 

  * About
Follow us on Social:

Blog Lovin'Blog Lovin Facebookfacebook Twittertwitter Instagraminstagram
Pinterestpinterest RSSRSS Feed

Search for Submit



