https://www.indianhealthyrecipes.com/fish-manchurian-chili-fish-manchurian-recipe-indian-chinese-recipes/


Skip to content

Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About

Search

Toggle Menu

Search

# Chilli fish recipe | Fish manchurian

Home >> Recipes >> Latest

Byswasthi

20 Comments

__WhatsApp

 __Share

 __Pin

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

**Chilli fish recipe or fish manchurian recipe** with step by step pictures.
**Indian chinese recipes** are very popular in Indian restaurants. Some of the
most popular are the ****Chilli chicken****, chinese **fried rice**, **hakka
noodles** and the manchurian dishes. These dishes taste sweet, sour and
slightly hot.

* * *

Chilli fish and fish manchurian are same in few restaurants, but in some
restaurants fish manchurian is made with fish balls. But the sauce remains the
same.

I do not prefer to deep fry salmon anytime since the nutrients would be
drained in the oil which I discard. But this is the only kind of fish that we
prefer and is most commonly made at home considering the health benefits.

So sometimes I do deep fry and sometimes even bake the fish and then put them
in the Manchurian sauce.If you do not want to deep fry the fish, you can bake
it following the same recipe and then season it in the Manchurian sauce.

This time I had a cake getting baked in the oven when I intended to prepare
this **chili fish** , so I deep fried. You can choose any fish of your choice,
but make sure you use a large fish fillet that has no bones.

Spring onions are very important in any Indo chinese recipes but I did not use
them since I had no stock of it at home. So I used a white onion.I have not
used ginger garlic paste for the marination, if you like you can use. Bell
peppers are optional.

Advertisement

## Preparation

1\. Wash and cut the fish to cube sized pieces.

2\. Add ginger garlic, soya sauce and pepper powder. Marinate and Set aside
for at least 10 mins.

3\. Stir to a bowl vinegar, sugar, soya sauce and red chili sauce. Set this
aside. Add more or less sauce as needed. To get a nice red color you can also
add little red chili paste. I mix little red chili powder with very little
water and then use it.

4\. Heat oil in a pan for deep or shallow frying or can even bake these.

5\. Add corn flour, all-purpose, little salt and mix well. Sprinkle very
little water and mix well to coat the fish with flour. Do not make it runny.
Refer the pic. Fish must be coated with a thin layer of batter.

6\. When the oil is hot, reduce the flame slightly and then fry these pieces
to golden. Drain these on kitchen tissue.

7\. Once you finish frying, drain off the oil from the pan retaining 2 tbsp.
oil in the same pan

## How to make chilli fish manchurian

8\. Add garlic and fry till you get an aroma. Add capsicum, layered onions
(white parts of spring onions) and fry on high for 2 mins. Onions and
capsicums must be crunchy (partially cooked) and not soft.

Advertisement

9\. Stir the prepared sauce mix from step 3 with a spoon for uniform mixing.
Pour this to the pan along with 2 tbsps water. Allow the sauces to bubble.

Add fried fish & stir fry on the highest flame for 2 mins. Garnish with spring
onions

Advertisement

More **fish recipe** s  
 **Apollo fish**  
 **baked salmon recipe**

For more **Manchurian recipes** , you can check  
 **Gobi manchurian  
Veg manchurian  
Paneer manchurian  
Chicken manchurian  
Mushroom manchurian**

## Chilli fish manchurian

Advertisement

## Chilli fish

Fish manchurian is an Indian chinese dish made by tossing fried fish in
manchurian sauce.

Pin Recipe Print Recipe

1x2x3x

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

For best results follow the step-by-step photos above the recipe card

Prep Time15 minutes

Cook Time25 minutes

Total Time40 minutes

Servings2

AuthorSwasthi

### Ingredients (US cup = 240ml )

  * ▢ ¼ cup Oil for shallow frying or more deep frying
  * ▢ 250 gms fish fillet
  * ▢ 1 ½ tbsps corn starch (corn flour)
  * ▢ 1 ½ tbsps all-purpose flour
  * ▢ ⅛ tsp salt (sauce already has salt, so add less)

#### Marination

  * ▢ ¾ tsp soya sauce
  * ▢ ¼ tsp ground black pepper (pepper powder)
  * ▢ 1 tsp ginger paste (or crushed) (optional)
  * ▢ 1 tsp garlic paste (or crushed) (optional)

#### for chilli manchurian sauce

  * ▢ 3 garlic cloves chopped or minced
  * ▢ 2 stalks spring onions or 1 medium onion sliced
  * ▢ ¼ cup green bell pepper cubed
  * ▢ ¼ cup red bell pepper cubed
  * ▢ 1 tbsp soya sauce
  * ▢ 1 tsp vinegar
  * ▢ 1 to 2 tbsp red chili sauce (or any hot sauce)
  * ▢ 2 tbsp water
  * ▢ 1 tsp sugar
  * ▢ ¾ tsp corn starch (corn flour) (optional)

Advertisement

### Instructions

  * ▢

Prepare the sauce for seasoning - Add the soya sauce, chilli sauce, sugar and
vinegar to a bowl and set aside.

  * ▢

Rinse the fish and cut to cubes.

  * ▢

Add ¾ tsp soya sauce, 1 tsp ginger 1 tsp garlic paste, and ¼ tsp black pepper.
Mix and set aside for 10 mins.

  * ▢

Heat a pan with oil for deep or shallow frying or preheat the oven and bake.

  * ▢

Add 1 ½ tbsps each of corn starch, all-purpose flour, salt to the fish.
Sprinkle some water and mix to coat the fish with flour. The batter should not
be runny. Fish has to be coated with a thin layer of batter.

  * ▢

Check if the oil is hot enough by dropping a small amount of batter. It has to
rise without turning brown. Gently slide the fish pieces to the hot oil.

  * ▢

Fry them to golden on a medium flame. Drain these on a absorbent tissue.

  * ▢

After you finish frying fish, transfer the oil from the pan to a bowl
retaining 2 tbsps in the same pan.

#### Making chilli fish manchurian

  * ▢

Add garlic and fry till it gets fragrant. Add capsicum, onions and fry on high
flame for about 2 mins. Onions and capsicums should be crunchy (not over
cooked) and not soft.

  * ▢

Stir in the sauces we made at step 1 and pour 2 tbsps water. Give a good stir
and taste it. Add more sauces or salt if needed.

  * ▢

When the sauces begin to bubble, add the fried fish & give a stir. Stir fry on
the highest flame for 2 mins. To make a gravy version, double the sauces and
stir ¾ tsp corn flour with half cup water and pour it to the pan. Boil until
thick then add the fried fish.

  * ▢

Garnish with chopped spring onions

Advertisement

### Notes

The color of your dish can vary depending on your red chili sauce. For deeper
color, you can use 1 tsp red chilli paste or stir in half tsp chilli powder
with little water and add it to the sauce.



Alternative quantities provided in the recipe card are for 1x only, original
recipe.

For best results follow my detailed step-by-step photo instructions and tips
above the recipe card.

### NUTRITION INFO (estimation only)

Nutrition Facts

Chilli fish

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 471 Calories from Fat 270

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 30g **46%**

Saturated Fat 3g **19%**

 **Cholesterol** 63mg **21%**

 **Sodium** 1046mg **45%**

 **Potassium** 575mg **16%**

 **Carbohydrates** 21g **7%**

Fiber 2g **8%**

Sugar 5g **6%**

 **Protein** 28g **56%**

**Vitamin A** 874IU **17%**

 **Vitamin C** 46mg **56%**

 **Calcium** 29mg **3%**

 **Iron** 1mg **6%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Tried this recipe?Mention @SwasthisRecipes or tag #swasthisrecipes!

(C) Swasthi's Recipes

__WhatsApp

 __Share

 __Pin

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

**FOR MORE RECIPES**

Please leave this field empty

Enter & Confirm eMail ID for Swasthi's Recipes Newsletter *

Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.

  

## Post navigation

Previous Previous

Paneer pulao recipe (Paneer rice)

NextContinue

Fish Fingers Recipe | How to Make Fish Fingers | Fish Appetizer

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

20 Comments

__Inline Feedbacks

View all comments

Bhaiya

Swaasthi Mam Can I make this recipe with mutton or chicken?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Bhaiya

Hi Bhaiya  
You can check this chilli chicken. With mutton also you can. But you have to
preecook the mutton till tender first.

Reply

Advertisement

Bhaiya

Swaasthi Mam Can I use rohu fish along with bones instead of fillets?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Bhaiya

Hi Bhaiya  
You can

Reply

Remyavikas

Thank you swathi for your recipes .  
It was really awesome.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Remyavikas

Welcome Remya

Reply

Abha

My husband and me love your recipes! Can you help figuring out how to bake the
fish? What temperature and for how long approximately? And do you bake after
coating it?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Abha

Hi Abha,  
Thank you! Just coat the rinsed fish cubes in the marinade made of salt,
pepper, soya, ginger garlic and dry flour. Rest them for a while until the
flour turns moist & clings to the fish. Then place them on a prepared greased
wired rack and grill. Preheat the oven to 180 C and grill for 15 to 20 mins
depending on the thickness of fish cubes. A thin fillet gets done in just 10
to 12 mins. Hope this helps.

Reply

Anusha

Can we bake this like as done for the chicken chilly?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Anusha

Yes Anusha  
You can bake it

Reply

Moumita

This recipe is always a hit with my family and friends. Everyone praises me
whenever I make this. Thanks a ton dear for this yummy dish. It’s so easy to
prepare and delicious to eat.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Moumita

Welcome Moumita  
Thanks for trying. Glad it turns out good

Reply

nicole mcallister

  
is there a way to enter in a search field for a specific recipe?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   nicole mcallister

Yes, Just key in the recipe name in the search box above the post title

Reply

Advertisement

Dr. Khan

  
I tried it n it came out very tasty….everyone appreciated it. Thanks for
sharing the recipe

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Dr. Khan

Welcome Dr. Khan  
So glad to know you made it good and got appreciations.  
Thanks for the feedback

Reply

shrestha roy

  
Love u … really u rocked me …and rocked ur 597 indian recipies ……. ALL THE
CREDIT GOES TO U  
Thank u ….. ♡

Reply

Yes Cook

Mouthwatering. <br />Thanks for sharing.

Reply

Vimitha Anand

Would be great with noodles. nice one

Reply

Ramya Venkat

Yummy and u are always rocking

Reply

Advertisement

Advertisement

(C) 2022 Swasthi's Recipes

Insert

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Popular RecipesExpand child menuExpand

    * Matar Paneer
    * Butter Chicken
    * Chana Masala
    * Dal Makhani
    * Gobi Manchurian
    * Chicken Tikka Masala
  * SocialExpand child menuExpand

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Twitter
    * Pinterest
    * Youtube

Toggle Menu Close

Search for:

Search

