https://www.spicypunch.com/chilli-fish-recipe/


Skip to content

Menu

Menu

  * Home
  * About Us
  * Contact

# Chilli fish recipe | Chinese style chilli fish recipe with gravy

June 24, 2022October 22, 2021 by Moumita Paul

 **Chilli fish recipe** - Making a quick and easy Chinese-style chilli fish
recipe with gravy, step by step with pics. Chilli fish is a hot and spicy fish
starter cum perfect side dish for any Chinese main course like noodles or
fried rice. One of the most popular Chinese recipes in Indian style Chinese
restaurants. This dish is made by deep-fried crispy boneless fish cubes tossed
in spicy red chilli sauce cooked with half fried crunchy veggies(onion & bell
pepper).

In Indian-Chinese restaurants, this chilli fish dish is served in two ways, a
crispy dry version and a gravy one. Dry chilli fish is the most popularfish
starter/appetizer in Indo-Chinese cuisine. It is made in the Chinese hakka
style method by tossing the fried fish cubes & a few veggies in different
Chinese sauces. That remains the fish & veggies crispy and best to serve as a
starter/appetizer. On the other hand, the gravy based chilli fish is made to
serve as the sides of the Chinese main course. Chinese fried rice or noodles
are its best accompaniment. Just like, today I made that gravy based chilli
fish recipe for serving with egg noodles at dinner.

 **What is chilli fish?** Chilli fish is a slightly spicy, slightly sweet &
tangy popular Chinese dish prepared with fish. Basically boneless fish
fillets(preferably basa fish fillets) are cut into cubes, fried and cooked
with soya sauce, red chilli sauce, tomato sauce, bell pepper, green chillies,
onion, ginger, garlic, salt & pepper seasoning.

**How to make **Indo-Chinese restaurants**** **style chilli fish?**

For making the restaurant-style chilli fish, a few steps need to follow:

 **Step 1** : First, try to use basa fish fillets( I used the frozen basa) for
making this dish. Because basa does not have any smell thus perfect for making
chilli fish recipe. Though tilapia, pungus or catfish fillets are commonly
used in Indian Chinese restaurants for making such recipes.

 **Step 2** : You can use any other boneless fish fillets but never make this
recipe with bhetki or bekti fillets(Indian sea bass). Due to its strong smell,
bhetki may spoil the taste of this dish.

 **Step 3** : To make the fish soft and juicy as well as to reduce its smell
must keep the fillets in vinegar with lukewarm water.

 **Step 4** : Marinade the fish for at least 30 mins in a ginger-garlic paste
with egg, salt and pepper to remove its smell too(if exists any).

 **Step 5** : Mix the marinated fish with flour and cornflour mixture(as
described in this recipe). Then deep fry these batter coated fish cubes until
gets crisp & golden brown in colour.

The rest of the steps or method of this dish is almost the same as chilli
chicken recipe. Just instead of fried chicken pieces, toss the fried fish
cubes almost in the same Chinese sauces with onion, bell pepper, ginger-garlic
and green chillies. That is the way of making a dry chilli fish recipe.

However, If toss the veggies in sauce, then make a gravy by adding little
cornflour mixed water in it. Then add the deep-fried fish cubes into the
gravy, make the gravy version of this dish. So this cornflour mixed water
added portion makes two types of chilli fish recipes. Sothe base of these two
recipes is the same, with just a little change we can make two different
versions. That is the interesting part of such chinese recipes.

Chilli fish is itself a spicy dish as its name is itself a proof, but the
spice level of this dish is up to you. Make it more or less spicy as per your
spice level. As my kid can not have more spice, so I make it medium spicy by
using red chilli sauce and green chillies. However, you can use chilli flakes,
green chilli sauce, spicy schezwan sauce or red chilli powder too for making
its spice level up.

You can easily make it at home especially if you are familiar with making
Chinese style chilli chicken recipes. However, if you are a beginner then must
follow my step by step method without making any changes.

Try this recipe at home and please let me know your valuable feedback about
this recipe. Just write down your valuable feedback in my comment section
below.

You can check a few more popular **Chinese recipes** - Chilli Chicken, Chilli
Prawns, Baby Corn Manchurian recipes.

You may even try this dish with some of my **Chinese main courses** , i.e,
Chinese Veg Fried Rice, Veg Noodles, Egg Noodles recipes.

## Chilli fish recipe | Chinese style chilli fish recipe with gravy

### Ingredients of chilli fish

  * 450 gms Boneless Fish Fillets(preferably basa)
  * 3 cups Water
  * 3tsp Vinegar

#### For Fish Marination

  * Fish fillets(weight explained before)
  * 1 tsp Ginger
  * 2 1/2 tsp Garlic
  * 1 tsp Pepper
  * 1/2 tsp Salt
  * 2 Eggs

#### For Chilli fish batter

  * 3 tbsp Cornflour
  * 3 tbsp Plain flour/Maida

#### For deep frying

  * 1/2 cup Oil 

#### For making gravy

  * 2 tsp chopped Ginger
  * 3 tsp chopped Garlic
  * 3 medium-size Onion(cube cut)
  * 2 green bell Pepper(cube cut)
  * 3 tsp Soya sauce
  * 1 tsp Vinegar
  * 3 tbsp Tomato ketchup/ tomato sauce
  * 2 tsp Red chilli sauce
  * 4-5 Green chillies
  * 1 tsp Pepper
  * 1 1/2 tsp Salt
  * 3 tbsp Cornflour 
  * 1 1/2 cup of Water
  * Crispy fried fish fillets 
  * A handful of chopped spring onion

Prep time: 20 mins

Cooking time: 15 mins

Total time: 35 mins

Served for: 4-5 people

Course: Main course

Cuisine: Chinese/ Indo Chinese

Author: Moumita Paul

## How to make Chinese style chilli fish recipe with gravy step by step with
pictures

### Instructions

### Prepare the fish

  * Take the boneless fish fillets(preferably basa), wash and drain well, if it is fresh, then immediately cut it into small cubes as shown in the pic. If using frozen fish fillet like me, then keep it out of the freezer before 3-4 hours of cooking. Allow it to get to normal temperature. Then cut it into pieces.

  * Then take a wide bowl, add 3 cups of lukewarm water and 3 tsp of vinegar in it. Stir it well. Then pour the fish cubes in it for 20- 30 mins. This step is mandatory as it will help to reduce the raw smell of fish. Though basa doesn't have any smell.

  * After 30 mins, drain the water and make sure fish cubes must not contain a drop of water. 

### How to marinade the fish

  * Then transfer the fish cubes to another mixing bowl, marinate it with ginger-garlic paste, salt, pepper and 2 well-beaten eggs. Mix it well. Then cover the bowl with a plate and leave it for a minimum of 30 mins for perfect marination. This Marination is one more important step to get rid of the raw smell of fish.

###  Making chilli fish batter

  * After 30 mins of marination, add 3 tbsp of cornflour and 3 tbsp of plain flour with the marination and mix it well for making its batter. Keep it aside by covering it.

### Frying the fish

  * In the meantime, heat the pan(deep fry pan or wok) with 1/2 cup of vegetable oil on medium flame, once the oil gets hot, leave the coated fish cubes in hot oil one by one. Deep fry it in batches, don’t overcrowd the pan. Otherwise, the fish will stick to each other and its cover can be removed.

  * Fry until it gets golden and crispy. As shown in the pics. Remove it from the pan, keep it on a paper-lined plate to remove its excess oil. 

### Cooking chilli fish

  * After frying all the fish cubes, keep them aside for later and start to make the gravy. First keeping 6-7 tbsp of oil, transfer the excess oil from the pan. Fry the chopped ginger-garlic in that oil for a few secs, then add a tables spoon of sliced spring onion(white portion of spring onion) to the pan, stir it well and slightly fry. 

  * Then add the cubed onion(after separating its petals) to the pan, Stir it well until get a little translucent, add the bell pepper(cube cut), saute for a min. 

  * Next, add the sauce mix(made of soya sauce, red chilli sauce, tomato sauce or tomato ketchup and vinegar) to the pan. Then add the chopped green chillies(even add red chilli powder or chilli flakes too) to it. Stir it well to a perfect mix with the veggies(as shown in the pic).

  * Add salt and pepper, a little saute till the raw smell of the ingredients go off, then add the cornflour added water (cornflour mixed with water) to the pan. Give it a good stir.

  * Let the gravy starts boiling. Sprinkle a little spring onion over the gravy(not mandatory). When the gravy reaches to perfect consistency, then add the fried fish cubes to the gravy.
  * Nicely mix the crunchy fish cubes to coat it with the spices.

  * Let the gravy boil for 1-2 mins. Sprinkle some chopped spring onion from the top of the gravy, mix it well and turn off the heat. Our Indo Chinese restaurant-style soft and juicy chilli fish is ready to serve. Serve it with any Chinese fried rice or noodles.

### Tips for making perfect chilli fish recipe

  * Chilli fish does not taste great whether made with bhetki fish. That is because the strong smell of bhetki does not go with this recipe. Even that smell exists after cooking(whether using all sauce and little more garlic too) and that spoils the taste of this dish. I’m telling it from my personal experience. As being a Bengali initially, I could not think of the fish fillets except bhetki as which is commonly used in Bengali cuisine(the key ingredient in making all Bengali fish cutlets). So naturally boneless bhetki/bekti/Indian sea bass fillets are easily available in local markets(in Kolkata/ West Bengal). So due to its availability earlier I mostly used bhetki fillets for making my continental recipes however, got disappointed many times because of its existing strong smell.
  * Generally, wok (a light weight deep fry pan used in cooking Chinese food) is used to toss the food, a common method used in Chinese recipes. However, tossing is little difficult with regular used deep fry pan, but enough for applying stir-frying method. As I’ve used my non-stick deep fry pan. 
  * If you want to make chilli fish dry then either must not add the water(cornflour mixed) or just add a one-fourth portion of water, little dry up the gravy and then add the fried fish with slight stir frying or tossing. However, to retain its crunch don’t cook it for long. 
  * If you don't want it to make it more spicy, then except red chilli sauce, don't add the extra green chillies.

Summary

Recipe Name

Chilli fish recipe

Author Name

Moumita Paul

Published On

2021-10-22

Preparation Time

20M

Cook Time

15M

Total Time

35M

Average Rating

5 Based on **1** Review(s)

### Related posts:

  1. Crispy dry baby corn manchurian recipe 
  2. Egg noodles recipe (Chinese hakka style) | Egg chow mein recipe 
  3. Tel koi recipe 
  4. Rui Katla Macher Kalia recipe - Bengali style Fish kalia recipe with step-by-step detail 

Categories Fish recipes, Main course, Recipes, World cuisine Tags chinese
recipes, fish recipes, indo chinese recipes Post navigation

Egg noodles recipe (Chinese hakka style) | Egg chow mein recipe

Kochi Pathar Mangshor Jhol or Khasir Mangshor Jhol - a Bengali Mutton Curry
recipe

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Comment

Name Email Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

## Moumita Paul

Hi, I'm Moumita, a Food Blogger & Recipe Creator behind SpicyPunch. Started my
blogging journey from the end of 2017 with publishing delicious recipes
created in my kitchen. More than professional I'm passionate about cooking. My
mom is my inspiration & my teacher in cooking, learnt a lot from her. Love to
create wonderful recipes to make my closed ones happy.

## Search

Search for:

## Recipe By Category

  * Bengal Specialities (78)
  * Beverages / Drinks (7)
  * Breakfast recipes (6)
  * Cakes/Cupcakes (4)
  * Chicken recipes (9)
  * Chutney recipes (4)
  * Condiments (6)
  * Dal recipes (3)
  * Desserts/Sweets (32)
  * Fish recipes (15)
  * Ice cream/Kulfi (3)
  * Main course (67)
  * Mutton recipes (11)
  * Prawn recipes (5)
  * Recipes (169)
  * Rice recipes (10)
  * Sauce recipes (2)
  * Snacks & Appetizers (35)
  * Soup recipes (4)
  * Veg recipes (12)
  * World cuisine (23)

Hyderabadi biryani recipe with chicken in one pot -step by step

Hyderabadi chicken biryani most delicious Indian biryani with long grain
basmati rice, soft juicy murgh, a mixed punch of saffron-ghee, & Hyderabadi
biryani masala with easy step-by-step pictures

By Moumita Paul

On Aug 5, 2022

Easy Mango Ice Cream Recipe - step by step

A very delicious & creamy mango ice cream recipe prepared just in 30 mins with
milk, whipping cream & mango pulp, easy to make at home with simple step-by-
step detailed pictures.

By Moumita Paul

On May 20, 2022

দুর্দান্ত স্বাদের পমফ্রেট মাছের রেসিপি(Pomfret macher recipe in bengali)

পমফ্রেট মাছের রেসিপি(Pomfret macher recipe in bengali) দুর্দান্ত স্বাদের ঝাল
ঝাল এই পমফ্রেট মাছের রেসিপি, অতি সাধারণ উপকরণ দিয়ে সহজেই বাড়িতে বানিয়ে ফেলুন.

By Moumita Paul

On May 16, 2022

কলকাতা চিকেন বিরিয়ানি রেসিপি - Kolkata chicken biryani recipe in bengali

কলকাতা চিকেন বিরিয়ানি - Kolkata chicken biryani recipe in bengali- কলকাতা'র
আরসালান রেস্টুরেন্ট স্টাইল দুর্দান্ত স্বাদের এই চিকেন বিরিয়ানি, এই রেসিপিটি
ফলো করে বাড়িতে খুব সহজেই বানিয়ে খেতে পারেন.

By Moumita Paul

On May 12, 2022

স্ট্রিট স্টাইল ভেজ মোমো রেসিপি - Veg momo recipe in bengali

ভেজ মোমো - Veg momo recipe in Bengali নরম তুলতুলে অত্যন্ত সুস্বাদু ভেজ মোমো'র
রেসিপি(কলকাতা স্ট্রিট সাইড মোমো ষ্টল স্টাইল) তাও বাংলায়, বাড়িতে সহজেই বানিয়ে
ফেলুন আর ঝাল মোমো চাটনি'র সাথে পরিবেশন করুন.

By Moumita Paul

On May 9, 2022

Mango Lassi recipe - street style Mango yogurt drink

A very delicious & creamy mango lassi recipe with street style lassi shop's
taste prepared just in 10 mins, easy to make at home with simple step-by-step
detail with pictures.

By Moumita Paul

On May 5, 2022

চিকেন স্টু রেসিপি(in bengali) - মাত্র ৩০ মিনিটে

চিকেন স্টু রেসিপি((Chicken stew recipe in bengali) মাত্র ৩০ মিনিটে প্রেসার
কুকার এ দোকানের মতন অতন্ত্য সুস্বাদু এবং খুবই স্বাস্থ্যকর চিকেন স্টু সহজেই
বাড়িতে বানিয়ে ফেলুন.

By Moumita Paul

On May 2, 2022

স্ট্রিট স্টাইল চিকেন মোমো রেসিপি(chicken momo recipe in bengali)

চিকেন মোমো রেসিপি(chicken momo recipe in bengali) তেল ছাড়া সামান্য মসলাযুক্ত
নরম, তুলতুলে, রসালো স্ট্রিট স্টাইল অপূর্ব স্বাদের চিকেন মোমো রেসিপি, বাড়িতে
বানিয়ে ঝাল মোমো চাটনি দিয়ে পরিবেশন করুন.

By Moumita Paul

On Apr 30, 2022

View all stories

(C) 2022  • Built with GeneratePress

Hyderabadi biryani recipe with chicken in one pot -step by step Easy Mango Ice
Cream Recipe - step by step দুর্দান্ত স্বাদের পমফ্রেট মাছের রেসিপি(Pomfret
macher recipe in bengali) কলকাতা চিকেন বিরিয়ানি রেসিপি - Kolkata chicken
biryani recipe in bengali স্ট্রিট স্টাইল ভেজ মোমো রেসিপি - Veg momo recipe in
bengali Mango Lassi recipe - street style Mango yogurt drink চিকেন স্টু
রেসিপি(in bengali) - মাত্র ৩০ মিনিটে স্ট্রিট স্টাইল চিকেন মোমো রেসিপি(chicken
momo recipe in bengali)

