https://www.cult.fit/live/recipe/chilli-paneer/RECIPE724


##### FITNESS

##### CARE

##### MIND

##### STORE

GET APP

  1. Home >
  2. Live >
  3. Recipe >
  4. Chilli Paneer

# Chilli Paneer

Time25 Min

DifficultyEasy

Serves2

Chilli Paneer is one of those delicacies kids and family members crave for
from time to time. Be it at a wedding party, school event or a rainy evening,
a piping hot bowl of chilli paneer is enough to light up smiles on faces.
Chilli paneer restaurant-style is served with gravy along with rice noodles or
fried rice. Fried paneer cubes are tossed in a sweet, spicy and savoury sauce
and deep-fried w ... ith a flour coating on top. What's interesting is how the
paneer is smoked with the spices to bring out its unique flavours. For a step-
by-step tutorial on how to make chilli paneer at home, we have put up a chilli
paneer video online for you. It lists all the ingredients needed to make the
dish along with a few variations you can try out. If you want a crunchy
texture, you can add chopped cashews and a few roasted nuts to enhance the
taste. For those who are vegan or have lactose-intolerance, we recommend using
tofu instead of paneer for this dish. You will still yield the same results in
terms of flavour and texture.

READ MORE

Nutrition Info. (per serving)

ProteinFatCarbsFibre408 Cal408 Cal408 Cal408 Cal

  * 23gProtein

  * 16gFat

  * 42gCarbs

  * 5gFibre

## Ingredients

### Dry Grocery

Atta

2 tablespoons

Salt

1 teaspoon

Light Soy Sauce

1 teaspoon

Jaggery Powder

1 teaspoon

Red Dry Chilli Bydagi

6 pieces

Dark Soy Sauce

1 teaspoon

Corn Flour

1 tablespoon

Apple Cider Vinegar

1 teaspoon

### Dairy

Paneer

200 g

### Fruits & Vegetables

Ginger

2 teaspoons

Onion

1 unit

Spring Onion

6 g

Capsicum Green-regular

0.5 unit

Capsicum Red-regular

0.5 unit

### Other

Rice Flour

2 tablespoons

Pepper

0.5 teaspoons

Garlic

10 g

Green Chillies

2 units

Water

0.5 cups

Directions

1

Fine chop the garlic, ginger, spring onions and green chilli. Set aside. Cut
the paneer into cubes. Cut the onion, green capsicum, red bell pepper into
small triangles. Set aside.

2

Marinate the paneer in chopped ginger, chopped garlic, soy sauce and a pinch
of salt. Mix well and let it rest for 5 min.

3

In the meantime, in a mixing bowl add salt, black pepper crushed, whole wheat
flour, rice flour, cornflour, and 2 tablespoon water to combine all the
ingredients and make a thick batter. Add marinated paneer and mix to evenly
coat.

4

Preheat the oven at 180 degrees c. Grease a baking tray with a little oil and
arrange the marinated, batter coated paneer dices. Bake it for 10 minutes at
180 degrees C or until it turns golden brown and crispy. Keep it aside.

5

Soak the dry red chilli in warm water for 15 minutes and drain the water.
Blend to make a fine paste. Cook the chilli paste in 1 teaspoon of oil until
it turns thick and is cooked through. Set aside.

6

Heat the oil in a pan or wok over a medium flame. Add chopped garlic, ginger,
green capsicum, red bell pepper and saute for a few seconds. Now add the cut
onions. Stir-fry till the capsicum have partially cooked but are still
crunchy. Add green chilli , chilli paste and cook well and for a few minutes.
Then add some water and stir it. Cook till the oil separates.

7

Add apple cider vinegar, soy sauce, jaggery powder, salt, and a pinch of black
pepper powder. Mix well and check seasoning. The sauce should be of coating
consistency. Add the crispy paneer to a pan and add an appropriate amount of
sauce.

8

Toss to evenly coat and combine. Check seasoning

9

Garnish with chopped spring onion greens and serve.

Health Benefits of Chilli Paneer

One of the best chilli paneer benefits is that it is chockful of good protein
and fats. Paneer has several vitamins and minerals which benefit heart health.
It's easy to digest and is loaded with calcium, a nutrient needed for building
strong and healthy bones. For those who face hunger after a workout, a bowl of
chilli paneer makes for a filling meal. High-protein meals are always
satiating and if you're on ketogenic or high-protein diets, they will help out
with your fitness goals. If you're using soy sauce for the dressing, you will
be getting the added benefits of fermented foods. It's good for your immune
system and regulates blood pressure. For those who have gluten-allergy, we
suggest replacing the atta with coconut flour or gluten-free flour. Our chilli
paneer calories clock at 404kcal per serving which means it's a fantastic fit
for any diet plan. If you're trying to lose weight, you cannot skip out on
this recipe. Be sure to read our Chilli paneer description for the rest of the
ingredients and additional information on modifications. So grab your kitchen
tools, plates, friends, and get cooking!

READ MORE

## Success!

#### We hope you had fun making it! Enjoy the meal.

What is Chili Paneer?

Chilli Paneer is one of the most favourite dishes of all time among every age
group. Chilli Paneer is always at the top position in the list of the most
ordered dishes in restaurants. Chilli paneer is also favourite among newbie
cooks because the Chilli Paneer recipe is very easy and doesn’t require many
ingredients. Chilli paneer is on the priority list not only because of its
taste but also because it is a dish with high nutritional value as paneer is a
rich source of protein. Here are some chilli paneer recipes for you to enjoy.

Different Paneer Dishes

Paneer dishes have different variations like Paneer Masala , Shahi Paneer ,
Paneer Korma , Mattar Paneer , Tava paneer, paneer butter masala, Kadai Paneer
,Paneer Bhurji , the list is endless and sure to leave everyone drooling.
Chilli paneer recipe come in many variations with some differences in texture
and taste. Let us have a look at the ingredients required to make chilli
paneer. Paneer/Tofu/Cottage cheese(Please remember that paneer is unsalted
whileCottage Cheese is salted and is more creamy, so add salt in your paneer
chilli recipe accordingly). Bell pepper/Capsicum Soy sauce Tomato ketchup
Green chilli sauce Maida/All purpose flour Corn starch Salt Sugar Water Green
chillies Onions Ginger Garlic Spring onions Celery(optional) Seedless dry red
chillies Oil

Method of Preparation for Paneer Chilly Dry

Chili paneer recipe can be made in different ways though the differences are
minor. In some chili paneer recipes, schezwan sauce is used; in some chilli
paneer ki recipe, ketchup and red chilli sauce are used, while in some paneer
chili recipe, instead of sugar, sweet and sour sauce with green chilli sauce
is used. Now let us have a look at the paneer chilli dry recipe To make a
paneer chilli dry recipe, we need the exact above-mentioned ingredients.
Method of cooking paneer chilly/Chilli paneer banane ki vidhi: Take some
maida/all-purpose flour in a bowl. Add some corn starch to it. Add a pinch of
salt and then add water to make it into a nice flowing batter. Make sure that
the batter has a flowing consistency and is not either very thin or very
thick. Cut paneer into cubes and toss it in some corn starch, just enough to
give it a coating. This will make sure that the paneer is crispy. Now pour the
maida batter on the coated paneer. Take some oil in a pan and deep fry the
paneer in oil. Don’t stir the paneer initially and when the paneer coated with
batter takes a shape, gently stir the paneer. When the paneer becomes golden
brown, take it out of the oil and let it cool for some time. To make paneer
chilly gravy, finely chopped spring onions, celery, and dry red chilly. Make
sure that the seeds of dry red chilly are removed. Pour some oil in a pan, add
finely chopped ginger, garlic, whole red chilli, celery, onion cut in
quarters, capsicum, and stir fry it for a minute or two. Make sure that you
don’t overcook the veggies. Now add some soy sauce, just enough to coat the
veggies. Add some green chilli sauce and ketchup(ketchup can be replaced with
sweet and sour sauce). Add some water and some corn starch to make it into a
slurry. The corn starch helps in thickening the slurry. Add a pinch of sugar
and salt to taste. Add the fried paneer into the slurry, some freshly chopped
spring onions, and again cook it for a minute or two. Tasty paneer chilly is
ready to be served!

Restaurant-Style Gravy Paneer Chilli Recipe

The ingredients required to make a restaurant-style gravy chilli paneer recipe
is as follows: Paneer/tofu/cottage cheese(cut into cubes)(200 gm)
Capsicum/Bell pepper(1 medium size) Onions(1 medium size) Ginger(2
tablespoons) Garlic(4 tablespoons) Green chillies (6 slits) Spring onions Red
chilli powder Turmeric powder Oil(5 tablespoons) Water(1.5 cups) Corn flour(2
tablespoons) White pepper powder Salt Schezwan sauce(3 tablespoons) Soy
sauce(1 teaspoon) Red chilli sauce(1 tablespoon) Hot and sweet sauce(optional)
Method of cooking chilli paneer/ Restaurant-style gravy chilli paneer banane
ki vidhi: Take a kadhai and heat the kadhai on high flame. To avoid burning
and sticking paneer on the kadai, before the kadhai becomes too hot, add a
spoon of oil and rub it with tissue paper to spread oil uniformly on the
kadai. Repeat the process once again. Now add a tablespoon of oil to the hot
kadhai. Keep the flame high. Add the paneer cubes, add some red chilli powder,
turmeric powder, white pepper powder, some salt, and cook it for two minutes.
Toss the paneer cubes and do not stir them, or else there is a chance of the
paneer breaking into pieces. Again add some oil to the kadai, make sure that
the flame is kept high. Add some finely chopped garlic, ginger, green
chillies, and cook it for a few seconds. Now add onion shells, some capsicum,
and a handful of spring onion whites. Add some salt and cook on high flame for
a minute. Add some schezwan sauce, soy sauce, and red chilli sauce. If you are
using homemade red chilli sauce, add some white vinegar to it. Add some hot
and sweet sauce(this is optional) and add some white pepper powder and salt.
Add some freshly chopped spring onions and then stir and cook for a few
seconds. Now add water to the mixture(adding hot water is recommended). Take
some corn starch, mix it with some water and add it to the gravy. This helps
to thicken the gravy. Now the final step is to add the paneer cubes and give
it a good stir. Cook the paneer for a minute and the restaurant-style chilli
paneer recipe is ready! Chili paneer recipe is quite easy and can be tried at
home by anybody. The best part is that chilli paneer can be cooked with great
perfection, and the restaurant-style chilli paneer can be made at home, and
when restaurant-style food can be cooked at home, then why to wait. Go cook
your favourite chilli paneer at home and enjoy!

Top Searches

Fitness

Weight Loss Exercise | Six Pack Abs | Cardio Exercise | HIIT Workout | Belly
Fat Exercises | Exercise For Kids |

Mindfulness

Yoga Poses | Weight Loss Yoga | Yoga for Kids | Types of Surya Namaskar |
Online Yoga Classes | Beginners Yoga | Nidra | Music Meditation | Yoga
Pranayam | Bedtime Stories | Bedtime Stories For Kids | Mindfulness Meditation
| Meditation in Hindi | Sleep Meditation | Meditation

Online Doctor Consultation & Diagnostic Tests

Dentist Near Me | Gynaecologist Near Me | Dermatologist Near Me |
Endocrinologist Near Me | Pulmonologist Near Me | Cardiologist Near Me |
Orthopedist Doctor Near Me | Thyroid Test | Pregnancy Test | Full Body Checkup
| Kidney Function Test | Therapist Near Me | Online Counselling |
Physiotherapist Near Me

Healthy Recipes

Sambar | Masala Dosa | Kadai Paneer | Neer Dosa | Manchow Soup | Chicken Soup
| Homemade Protein Powder | Thukpa | Paneer Masala | Chicken Keema | Badam
Milk | Aloo Tikki Chaat | Moong Dal Kachori | Rasmalai | Pav Bhaji | Hummus |
Chocolate Ice Cream | Mattar Paneer | Mango Ice Cream | Mango Cake

Cult Gyms In India

Gyms In Delhi | Gyms In Mumbai | Gyms In Bangalore | Gyms In Pune | Gyms In
Chennai | Gyms In Hyderabad | Gyms In Jaipur | Gyms In Kolkata | Gyms In
Ahmedabad | Gyms In Chandigarh | Gyms In Indore | Gyms In Coimbatore | Gyms In
Surat | Gyms In Ludhiana | Gyms In Vizag | Gyms In Amritsar | Gyms In Mysore |
Gyms In Mangalore | Gyms In Kochi | Gyms In Jammu | Gym In Kharghar | Gym In
Bandra | Gym In Velachery | Gym In Chembur | Gym In Indiranagar | Gym In HSR
Layout

At cult.fit, we make group workouts fun, daily food healthy & tasty, mental
fitness easy with yoga & meditation, Medical & lifestyle care hassle-
free.#BeBetterEveryDay

cult.fit for business

cult.fit franchise

corporate partnerships

cult pass network

t&c for business

partner.fit

blogs

security

careers

contact us

privacy policy

cult bmi calculator

terms & conditions

Related Searches

Chicken Stew

Shahi Paneer

Aloo Palak Ki Sabzi

Paneer Bhurji

Banarasi Dum Aloo

Bharwa Bhindi

Malai Kofta

Gatte Ki Sabzi

Palak Paneer

Pindi Chole

Mashed Potato

Anda Bhurji

Aloo Pyaz Ki Sabzi

Zucchini Ki Sabzi

Jeera Aloo

Aloo Gobhi

Daal Makhani

Mango Cake

Kadai Paneer

Chana Masala

Mattar Paneer

Punjabi Chole

Aloo Jeera

Baingan Bharta

Aloo Gobi

Kashmiri Rajma

Chole Masala

Murg Khurchan

Chicken Chettinad

Pindi Chole Kulche

Chicken Bharta

Aloo Beans

Dhokla

Chilli Paneer

Pad Thai Noodles

Bhindi Masala

Sambar

Paneer Masala

Veg Cutlet

Moong Dal Kachori

Tamarind Rice

Aloo Tikki Chaat

How To Make Sprouts

How To Make Paneer

Paneer Tikka Masala

Chicken Nuggets

Manchow Soup

Double Ka Meetha

Sabudana Kheer

Badam Milk

Aloo Tikki Burger

Corn Chaat

How To Boil Potatoes

Makhana Kheer

Turmeric Latte

Broccoli Almond Soup

Aloo Bhaji

Kokum Sherbat

Mango Phirni

Healthy Recipes

Pav Bhaji

Home Exercises

