https://www.cookclickndevour.com/chilli-paneer-gravy-recipe/


  * About Me
  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Privacy policy

  *   *   *   * 

Cook Click N Devour!!!

Easy Vegetarian & Vegan Recipes For Everyone

  * About Me
  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Privacy policy

Home / Dal & Curry Recipes / **Chilli Paneer**

Published: December 29, 2021 | By Harini

# Chilli Paneer

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

Chilli paneer is a popular indo chinese cuisine starter or side dish recipe
with paneer or Indian cottage cheese. Make restaurant style paneer chilli at
home with this easy step by step recipe in under 40 minutes. Crispy pan fried
paneer tossed in a flavorful sauce and topped with green onions!

I am also sharing a semi dry and chilli paneer gravy recipe with you here.
Serve with veg fried rice, sesame noodles, vegan fried rice, hakka noodles for
best taste.

Indo Chinese restaurant recipes are a huge favorite at out home. I know it is
a favorite with many of you too.

If you are in case wondering what it is, Indo chinese is fusion cuisine where
Chinese recipes and flavors are altered to Indian taste. It is a hugely
popular cuisine and most sought after street food.

Now please do not confuse Indo Chinese with actual chinese cuisne. They are
poles apart.

While the recipes are predominantly non vegetarian, there are also vegetarian
variations for those mostly using paneer or cauliflower in place of meat.

For instance if you cannot eat chilli chicken, the popular most Indo chinese
street food, you can enjoy this chilli paneer :). It is the popular vegetarian
variation for chilli chicken.

## What Is Chilli Paneer?

**Chilli paneer recipe** is a delicious paneer starter recipe where corn flour
coated paneer are crisp fried first and then tossed in a flavorful indo
Chinese freshly made chilli sauce along with stir fry onions, capsicum and
spring onions.

For the chilli sauce like any Indo chinese recipe loads of ginger garlic,
chili flakes and sesame oil are used. We are also adding some soy sauce,
vinegar, red chili sauce are used.

Look at the bright color in the chili paneer pictures here? A small pinch of
red chilli powder and tomato paste does the trick. No need to add any
colorants.

To get that smoky unique flavor as the ones from the restaurants you need the
right equipment. In restaurants and street shops they use this super huge and
heavy Chinese wok and fry the ingredients in extremely high heat. So at home
we shall make the best of what we have and make this recipe.

Use good sturdy wok or pan, preferably cast iron, do the entire cooking of
fresh chilli sauce and stir fry veggies in high heat just like you would while
doing stir fry.

Unlike the ones from restaurants, this homemade chilli paneer recipe uses no
msg, has high quality sauces in moderate quantities. It gives you once of the
best dry chilli paneer.

If you love street style Chinese food but worried about msg and low quality
sauces, do try this recipe and you will love it. This recipe of chilli paneer
is simple, easy and beginner friendly.

This is my all time favorite recipe from this cuisine and I always get one at
restaurants. This recipe is from a generous chef of a small make shift Indo
chinese restaurant where we dined in many years back. He was all smiles
sharing this recipe with me and also threw in many pro tips.

Over the years I have made this recipe so many times and I am super thrilled
to share this Indo Chinese restaurant style chilli paneer recipe with you all
today ðŸ™‚

In any restaurant you will find two versions of chilli paneer. Semi dry
version served as snack and gravy one as side dish. I like semi dry ones not
literally drenched in sauce.

Though this dry chilli paneer is a starter and some what similar to paneer
manchurian, we love this as side dish especially with veg fried rice or
schezwan noodles.

This has a little sauce, loaded with paneer and crispy peppers and totally
yum. Even good as main course with a salad.

The simply satiated feeling that no other food can sometimes give ðŸ™‚

**This Chilli Paneer Is**

_Super addictive and absolutely irresistible_

_Restaurant style version_

_So easy to make at home_

_Vegetarian and can be made gluten free_

_So good with fried rice or noodles_

_Flavorful and very very delicious._

## How To Make Chilli Paneer Recipe

### Frying The Paneer

Cut the paneer into bite size cubes and place in a wide bowl. Add 2
tablespoons plain flour, 2 tablespoons corn starch, 1/2 teaspoon red chili
powder, 1/4 teaspoon pepper powder and 1/4 teaspoon salt.

Add around 3-4 tablespoons water and toss the flours to coat the paneer.

Heat oil for deep frying in a heavy pan.

Add the paneer cubes in batches to the hot oil depending on the size of your
pan. Fry the paneer over medium heat.

Stir and spread the paneer while frying to avoid sticking at the bottom and
also to each other.

Stir well and fry them until crispy and golden brown. This takes around 4-5
minutes over medium heat. Remove to a strainer and keep aside.

### Preparing corn Flour slurry

Mix 1 tablespoon cornstarch in 1/4 cup cold water and mix into a lump free
paste. If you want to make the gravy version use 2 tablespoons cornstrach and
1 cup water. You could also use tapioca starch or potato starch.

### **Making Restaurant Style Chilli Paneer**

heat 1 tbsp oil in a heavy wok or pan. Add chopped ginger garlic or paste,
finely chopped green chillies, finely chopped celery, 1/2 tablespoon chili
flakes. Saute for a minute in high flame.

Add the 1/2 cup cubed onions, 1/2 cup cubed capsicum. Cook for 2 minutes in
highest flame. You can use either green bell pepper alone or mix of colored
peppers. You could even use candy peppers to make it less spicier.

Next stir in the sauces- 1 tbsp green chilli sauce, 1 tbsp chilli paste or 1
teaspoon red chilli powder, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1/2 teaspoon sugar, 1
tablespoon vinegar. Mix well and cook for 1 to 2 minutes. In restaurants they
also add some tomato ketchup here.

Now add the cornstarch slurry and mix well. Add 1 cup water and mix. Let the
chilli sauce cook for 2-3 minutes until it thickens well. For this dry version
you need the sauce to be quite thick and sticky.

Once the chilli sauce is thick, add paneer cubes that we deep fried earlier
and toss well with the spicy sauce. After adding fried paneer cubes to the
prepared sauce do not cook for long.

Garnish chilli paneer with chopped spring onion greens and serve immediately.

## Tips To Make Chilli Paneer

If you want to make restaurant style chilli paneer, the following tips will
get you through.

### **Quality of paneer**

Paneer is the star of this delicious indo chinese dish so use the best one. I
always use homemade paneer. It is fresh paneer, soft and delicious.

If you are using store bought paneer, keep the paneer pieces warm water for
10-15 minutes, rinse thoroughly and then cut into cubes.

### **Flours for coating paneer**

I have used corn flour and a bit of all purpose to coat the paneer cubes.
Instead of making a free flowing batter I like to toss the flours to paneer
cubes as this method makes them crispier.

### **Frying paneer**

Traditionally we deep fry paneer for this dish and I have done the same. But
you can also shallow fry, toast on tava or even grill or bake. I prefer
shallow fried paneer over baked for this recipe.

While all these versions will taste good, the crispiness from batter coated
pan fried paneer will be missing.

Also if you choose to deep fry, do not over fry paneer. Over frying will make
them chewy and hard on cooling.

### **Use the right ingredients**

To get the best chilli paneer recipe with restaurant like flavor use celery
and sesame oil in this recipe. if celery is unavailable try adding thick
stalks of coriander or cilantro.

If sesame oil is not available use any neutral vegetable oil.

### **Keep all the ingredients by the stove**

This tip holds good for any Indo chinese recipe. We are going to cook in high
heat for a brief time and ingredients are to be added one by one quickly.

It helps greatly to keep the chopped and measured ingredients ready to avoid
burning or over cooking.

Chop the onions, spring onions, bell peppers and keep them ready. Finely chop
the green chili, celery, mince the ginger garlic. If you using ginger garlic
paste keep it ready.

### **Cook on high heat**

In this recipe, we need to cook the vegetables for short time. Peppers and
onions should well retain their crunch. This can be achieved by sauteing them
in high heat for just 5-6 minutes.

Also avoid over cooking the onions and capsicums else they will turn soggy.
These are the secret tips for making street style chilli paneer recipe.

### **On sauces**

Use good quality sauces for this recipe. Good quality soy sauce, vinegar,
sesame oil etc makes so much difference to the taste and flavor. Soy sauce
also goes by the name soya sauce here.

Use naturally brewed low sodium soya sauce if possible. Also you can use a mix
of dark and light soy sauce. Dark soy sauce yield a nice color and deep
flavor.

I have used rice vinegar here, you can also use rice wine vinegar, apple cider
vinegar.

## Recipe Variations & Alternates

### **Can I skip all purpose flour?**

If you want to avoid all purpose flour in this recipe you can do so. Just use
wheat flour oradd more corn flour rice flour instead of all purpose flour.

On the same note if you want to avoid corn flour you can simply use rice flour
or arrowroot flour. Even in sauce you can replace corn starch with arrowroot
powder.

### **Marinating the paneer before frying?**

This method is followed in some restaurants to make paneer cubes more
flavorful.

Take paneer cubes in a bowl. Add 1/2 tablespoon chili sauce, 1/2 tablespoon
soy sauce, some lemon juice and toss well. Set aside for 20 minutes.

Add flours to the marinated paneer and fry.

I don't do this method as I do not like to use too much of sauces at one go
especially for kids.

### **How to make chilli paneer gravy**?

To covert this dry recipe chilli paneer dry into gravy, just increase the
amount of corn flour plus water that is slurry. Instead of 1 tablespoons corn
flour + 1/4 cup water use 3 tablespoons corn flour + 1 cup water. Cook as
mentioned in the recipe. You can even make semi dry chilli paneer by slightly
increasing the quantity of sauce.

### **How to make it vegan?**

To make this recipe just use pressed extra firm tofu or mushrooms in place of
paneer.

### **How to make it gluten free?**

To make this recipe gluten free use gluten free tamari instead of soy sauce
and corn flour or rice flour instead of all purpose flour.

## Serving Suggestions

Serve chilli paneer as appetizer or snack with a side of chili vinegar or hot
sauce.

If you make it semi dry or gravy it goes very well as side dish with schezwan
fried rice, noodles.

This will be a great side dish in any Asian meal or taste good with steamed
jasmine rice too.

You can also make an easy chilli paneer wrap by stuffing this inside a phulka
or tortilla or naan.

## You Might Also Like

Gobi manchurian

veg manchrian

paneer tikka

paneer burji

palak paneer

_I hope you will try this restaurant style chilli paneer recipe and enjoy as
much as we did. Do snap a pic and share on Instagram with hashtag  _
_#cookclickndevou_ _  and please give a star rating â˜… in the recipe card
below. Follow us on _ _Pinterest_ _  , _ _Instagram_ _,  _ _Facebook  _ _  for
more recipes and ideas. Thank you so much for being here ðŸ™‚_

## Recipe Card

## Chilli Paneer Recipe

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

Harini

Chilli paneer recipe is a popular indo chinese starter or side dish recipe
with paneer or Indian cottage cheese. Make restaurant style chilli paneer at
home with this easy step by step recipe in under 40 minutes. Crispy pan fried
paneer tossed in a flavorful sauce and topped with green onions!

5 from 3 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 10 mins

Cook Time 20 mins

Total Time 30 mins

Course Main Course, Side Dish

Cuisine Indo chinese

Servings 3

Calories 296 kcal

#### 1 CUP = 250 ml

### Ingredients



US CustomaryMetric



1x2x3x

  * â–¢ 200 grams paneer cubed
  * â–¢ 2 tablespoons corn strach
  * â–¢ 2 tablespoons plain flour
  * â–¢ 1/2 teaspoon chili powder
  * â–¢ 1/2 teaspoon black pepper powder powdered black peppercorns
  * â–¢ 1/4 teaspoon salt
  * â–¢ 3-4 tablespoons water

#### For Chilli Sauce & stir fry

  * â–¢ 1 tablespoon oil sesame oil or vegetable oil
  * â–¢ 1 inch ginger root peeled and minced
  * â–¢ 4 garlic cloves peeled and minced
  * â–¢ 2 green chilies finely chopped
  * â–¢ 2 tablespoons delery chopped
  * â–¢ 1/2 teaspoon chili flakes
  * â–¢ 1/2 cup cubed onion 1 medium onion
  * â–¢ 1/2 cup cubed green bell pepper 1 small
  * â–¢ 1/2 cup cubed red bell pepper 1 small
  * â–¢ 1/2 teaspoon sugar
  * â–¢ 2 tablespoons soy sauce
  * â–¢ 1 tablespoon green chilli sauce
  * â–¢ 1 tablespoon chili paste use 1 teaspoon red chili powder as aternate
  * â–¢ salt to taste
  * â–¢ 1 tablespoon rice vinegar
  * â–¢ 1/4 cup spring onions greens for garnish
  * â–¢ 1 tablespoon corn starch
  * â–¢ water 1/4 cup + 1 cup

### Instructions



  * Cut the paneer into bite size cubes and place in a wide bowl. Add 2 tablespoons plain flour, 2 tablespoons corn starch, 1/2 teaspoon red chili powder, 1/4 teaspoon pepper powder and 1/4 teaspoon salt.

  * Add around 3-4 tablespoons water and toss the flours to coat the paneer.

  * Heat oil for deep frying in a heavy pan.

  * Add the paneer cubes in batches to the hot oil depending on the size of your oan. Fry over medium heat.

  * Stir and spread the paneer while frying to avoid sticking at the bottom and also to each other.

  * Stir well and fry them until crispy and golden brown. This takes around 4-5 minutes over medium heat. Remove to a strainer and keep aside.

  * Mix 1 tablespoon cornstarch in 1/4 cup cold water and mix into a lump free paste. If you want to make the gravy version use 2 tablespoons cornstrach and 1 cup water.

  * heat 1 tbsp oil in a heavy wok or pan. Add minced ginger garlic or paste, chopped green chilli, chopped celery, 1/2 tablespoon chili flakes. Saute for a minute in high flame.

  * Add the 1/2 cup cubed onions, 1/2 cup cubed capsicum. Cook for 2 minutes in highest flame.

  * Next stir in the sauces- 1 tbsp green chilli sauce, 1 tbsp chilli paste or 1 teaspoon red chilli powder, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1/2 teaspoon sugar, 1 tablespoons vinegar. Mix well and cook for 1 to 2 minutes.

  * Now add the cornstrach slurry and mix well. Add 1 cup water and mix. Let the chilli sauce cook for 2-3 minutes until it thickens well. For this dry version you need the sauce to be quite thick and sticky.

  * Once the chilli sauce is thick, add the fried paneer cubes and toss well.

  * Garnish chilli paneer with chopped spring onion greens and serve immedietly.

### Notes

  * Instead of deep frying the paneer you can pan fry or even grill them.
  * The recipe can be doubled
  * If colored bellpeppers are not available just use green ones
  * Vary the quantity of sauces as per taste.

### Nutrition

Serving: 3servingsCalories: 296kcalCarbohydrates: 15gProtein: 12gFat:
22gSaturated Fat: 10gCholesterol: 44mgSodium: 995mgPotassium: 61mgFiber:
2gSugar: 2gVitamin A: 198IUVitamin C: 6mgCalcium: 327mgIron: 1mg

Keyword chilli paneer, chilli paneer dry

Tried this recipe? Snap a pic and share ðŸ™‚Mention cookclickndevou or tag
cookclickndevour

558 shares

  * Share3
  * Pin555
  * Yummly
  * Flipboard
  * Twitter

Shared by Harini

#### About Harini

I am Harini. The recipe developer, food photographer and chef behind cook
click n devour. My aim behind this blog is to provide easy, tried and tested
recipes that beginners can cook with confidence. I took keen interest in
cooking and took courses on cooking, baking during teens purely out of
passion. With a decade of cooking experience I am glad to share my recipes and
culinary knowledge with you all here. Stay tuned and happy cooking!  
Harini :)

### Comments

  1. kimberly says

February 4, 2015 at 6:48 pm

  
This looks delicious and love the colours of those bell peppers.

  2. kushi says

May 6, 2015 at 11:45 pm

WOW!!! This is super super delicious!

  3. Harini says

May 9, 2015 at 9:10 am

thank you Kushi,plese keep visiting

  4. Antonet Roajer says

October 28, 2015 at 7:34 pm

Looks yummy!!

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

#### Hello, I am Harini

The chef, author and photograper of cook click n devour. Here you'll find
tried & tested vegetarian recipes with step by step photos and videos to make
cooking a pleasure and fulfilling experience. Happy cooking!

Read More

#### Popular Recipes

#### As Seen In

AboutContactPrivacy

Copyright Â©2022, Cook Click N Devour!!!. All Rights Reserved.

