https://www.gimmesomeoven.com/hot-and-sour-soup-recipe/


Mobile Menu Trigger

__

Mobile Search Trigger

  * Home
  * About Ali
  * Contact
  * Recipes
    * Browse Recipes
    * Recipe Index
    * Recipe Videos
    * How To's
  * Travel
    * Barcelona Travel Guide
    * Destinations
  * Life
    * 10 Things I've Learned
    * Ask Ali
    * Everyday Life
    * Married Life
    * Our Move To Barcelona
    * Our Wedding

  * Home
  * About
    * About Ali
    * Contact
  * Recipe Index

__

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Browse Recipes
    * Recipe Videos
    * How To's
  * Travel
    * Barcelona Travel Guide
    * Destinations
  * Life
    * Everyday Life
    * Our Move To Barcelona
    * Our Wedding

# Hot and Sour Soup

Jump To Recipe 545 Comments »

This post may contain affiliate links. Please read my disclosure policy.

_This restaurant-style Hot and Sour Soup recipe is the best!! It 's quick and
simple to make, easy to adapt to your personal taste preferences, and so
delicious._

Can't stop, won't stop with the soup recipes this winter. ♡

And today's recipe is one that I've been meaning to share with you on the blog
for _years_ , after literally dozens and dozens of you have requested it.
(This usually comes up when I'm chatting about my favorite egg drop soup
recipe -- apparently many of you usually opt for the hot and sour soup at your
favorite Chinese restaurants and have wanted to learn how to make it!)

Well, good news, friends! Traditional hot and sour soup is actually incredibly
easy to make as well. And the bonus of making it at home is that it's also
incredibly easy to _customize_ to your taste. Like it extra hot? Add in more
chili garlic sauce. Like it extra sour? Add in more rice wine vinegar. Like it
vegetarian? Make it with tofu. Like the meat version? Just add in some pork.

Trust me, this is one of those restaurant recipes that will taste just as good
at home. And on chilly winter weeks like this one that we're having here in
Kansas City, it's guaranteed to warm you up in the most _delicious_ of ways.

## Hot And Sour Soup Recipe | 1-Minute Video

## Hot and Sour Soup Ingredients:

To make this hot and sour soup recipe, you will need:

  * **Broth:** Either chicken or veggie stock (or broth) will do.
  * **Mushrooms:** I highly recommend using shiitake mushrooms, but baby bella or even button mushrooms would also do.
  * **Rice vinegar, soy sauce, chili garlic sauce, ground ginger: **To flavor the broth.
  * **Cornstarch:** To thicken the broth.
  * **Eggs:** Which we will whisk, and the drizzle into the soup to make those lovely egg ribbons.
  * **Firm tofu:** Which we will cube and add to the soup.
  * **Green onions:** To stir into the soup and also sprinkle on top as a garnish.
  * **Toasted sesame oil** : An essential flavor in the soup, which we will drizzle at the very end.
  * **Salt and pepper:** Hot and sour soup is traditionally made with white pepper, which (heads up) has a different and much stronger flavor than black pepper. I recommend adding in a pinch, and then you can always add in more later. Or if you don't have white pepper, black pepper will also do.
  * **Optional:** Many restaurant versions of hot and sour soup are also made with bamboo shoots. I'm personally not a fan of them, but you are welcome to add some in if you would like.

## How To Make Hot and Sour Soup:

To make this hot and sour soup recipe, simply…

  1. **Make your cornstarch slurry.** Whisk together 1/4 cup of the stock and cornstarch until combined. Set aside.
  2. **Bring the soup to a simmer.** Add the remaining stock, mushrooms, bamboo shoots (if using), rice wine vinegar, soy sauce, ginger and chili garlic sauce to a large stock pot, and cook until the soup reaches a simmer. Stir in the cornstarch slurry and continue cooking for a minute or so, until the soup has thickened.
  3. **Drizzle in those beautiful egg ribbons!** While stirring the soup in a circular motion with one hand, use your other hand to slowly drizzle the whisked eggs into the soup.
  4. **Season the soup.** Stir in the tofu, half of the green onions, and sesame oil. Then season the soup with salt and black pepper (or white pepper) to taste.
  5. **Serve.** Ladle up your servings while the soup is nice and hot, garnished with extra green onions.

## What To Serve With Hot & Sour Soup:

Here are a few of my favorite dishes that pair well with hot and sour soup:

  * The BEST Fried Rice
  * 12-Minute Chicken & Broccoli
  * 20-Minute Moo Shu Pork (or Chicken)
  * Beef & Broccoli
  * Thai Basil Chicken
  * Sesame Noodles with Broccoli and Almonds
  * Black Pepper Chicken

##

## More Favorite Soup Recipes:

If you love egg drop soup, feel free to check out these other favorite soup
recipes:

  * Egg Drop Soup
  * Miso Soup
  * Tom Kha Gai
  * Egg Roll Soup
  * Everyday Green Curry
  * Chicken and Sweet Corn Soup

Print

clock clock iconcutlery cutlery iconflag flag iconfolder folder iconinstagram
instagram iconpinterest pinterest iconfacebook facebook iconprint print
iconsquares squares iconheart heart iconheart solid heart solid icon

## Hot and Sour Soup

★★★★★ 4.9 from 284 reviews

  * Prep Time: 5 minutes
  * Cook Time: 15 minutes
  * Total Time: 20 minutes
  * Yield: 6 -8 servings 1x

Print Recipe

Pin Recipe

* * *

### Description

This classic Chinese hot and sour soup recipe is quick and easy to make, full
of delicious flavor, easy to make vegetarian (with tofu!) or with pork, and it
totally rivals any soup I’ve tried at a Chinese restaurant!

* * *

### Ingredients

Scale 1x2x3x

  * 8 cups chicken broth or vegetable broth
  * 8 ounces shiitake mushrooms _(or baby bella mushrooms)_ , thinly-sliced with stems discarded
  * 1 (8-ounce) can bamboo shoots, drained _(optional)_
  * 1/4 cup rice vinegar, or more to taste
  * 1/4 cup low-sodium soy sauce
  * 2 teaspoons ground ginger
  * 1 teaspoon chili garlic sauce
  * 1/4 cup cornstarch
  * 2 large eggs, whisked
  * 8 ounces firm tofu*, cut into 1/2-inch cubes
  * 4 green onions, thinly sliced
  * 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil
  * Kosher salt and white pepper (or black pepper)

* * *

### Instructions

  1. Set aside ¼ cup of the chicken or vegetable broth for later use.
  2. Add the remaining 7 ¾ cups chicken or vegetable broth, mushrooms, bamboo shoots (if using), rice wine vinegar, soy sauce, ginger and chili garlic sauce to a large stock pot, and stir to combine. Heat over medium-high heat until the soup reaches a simmer.
  3. While the soup is heating, whisk together the ¼ cup of broth (that you had set aside) and cornstarch in a small bowl until completely smooth. Once the soup has reached a simmer, stir in the cornstarch mixture and stir for 1 minute or so until the soup has thickened.
  4. Continue stirring the soup in a circular motion, then drizzle in the eggs in a thin stream (while still stirring the soup) to create egg ribbons. Stir in the tofu, half of the green onions, and sesame oil. Then season the soup with salt and a pinch* of white pepper (or black pepper) to taste. If you’d like a more “sour” soup, feel free to add in another tablespoon or two of rice wine vinegar as well. Or if you’d like a spicier soup, add in more chili garlic sauce.
  5. Serve immediately, garnished with the extra green onions.

* * *

### Equipment

Chili Garlic Sauce

Buy Now →

White Pepper

Buy Now →

Toasted Sesame Oil

Buy Now →

* * *

### Notes

**Pork option:** Or, you’re welcome to make this with pork instead of tofu.
Just add in a half pound of cooked pork — ground pork, or you can thinly-slice
pork chops or pork loin — in place of the tofu.

**White pepper:** I prefer using a pinch of white pepper in this soup instead
of black pepper. But if you are new to cooking with white pepper, heads up
that it has a much stronger (and slightly) different flavor than black pepper!
I recommend starting with a small pinch, then you can always add more to
taste.

### Let us know if you made this recipe!

Tag @gimmesomeoven on Instagram and hashtag it #gimmesomeoven

_This post contains affiliate links._

Share this Post

  *   *   *   * 

_posted on_ January 9, 2017 _by_ Ali

Chinese-Inspired, Soups / Stews, Vegetarian

545 Comments »

#### You May Also Like...

### Favorite Nachos

### Brown Butter Lemon Pasta

### Pumpkin Coffee Cake

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe rating _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

###  545 comments on "Hot and Sour Soup"

« Previous 1 … 7 8 9

  1. **Elizabeth** -- January 29, 2022 @ 3:24 pm  Reply

This was DELICIOUS and incredibly easy, made from things I always have. I had
the right mushrooms but certainly could be made with any kind. I doubled the
heat and added an additional healthy splash of vinegar to my taste. A one pot
meal for this super snowy Boston blizzard.

★★★★★

  2. **Barry Ripple** -- January 30, 2022 @ 8:03 pm  Reply

Very tasty, and very easy to make. I added extra vinegar and chili sauce for
extra kick, and a sheet of nori for a little texture. Will definitely make
again. Thanks!

★★★★

  3. **Julie** -- January 31, 2022 @ 10:50 am  Reply

Wow this soup was amazing!! Will defiantly be making it again!! Not a big fan
of tofu, so I put in some extra bamboo instead. Also added some thin chopped
bok choy!

  4. **Michelle Waclawczyk** -- January 31, 2022 @ 11:14 am  Reply

I’m not even finished cooking the soup and my kitchen smells delicious. I
could not wait, I scooped out some broth and cannot wait to pour myself a
bowl.

★★★★★

  5. **Sandra Cintorino** -- February 5, 2022 @ 7:45 am  Reply

Delicious! Super easy to make.

★★★★★

  6. **Yvonne** -- February 7, 2022 @ 11:49 am  Reply

I definitely recommend this recipe! I added more vegetables. I added baby
corn, water chestnuts, shredded carrots and bean sprouts. Also, sprinkled some
crushed red pepper for more kick. Will make this again!

★★★★★

    * **Lison D** -- March 13, 2022 @ 6:15 pm 

I have made this soup many times and I will keep on making it. I add spinach
and cilantro. It is extremely good!

  7. **Laurie** -- February 11, 2022 @ 12:40 pm  Reply

Excellent recipe. I used a little more chilli sauce and pork instead of tofu.
It was amazing!!!

Thank you!😋😋😋

★★★★★

  8. **Tyson** -- February 12, 2022 @ 5:43 pm  Reply

All I taste is ginger.

★★

    * **KEM** -- June 25, 2022 @ 12:42 am 

You more garlic chili sauce.

★★★★★

    * **KEM** -- June 25, 2022 @ 12:45 am 

Use more garlic chili sauce.

★★★★★

  9. **Jen L** -- February 22, 2022 @ 1:22 pm  Reply

This recipe is amazing. I regularly crave hot and sour soup in the winter but
this is the first recipe I’ve attempted myself. No more carry out for me! I do
doctor it a bit, after making it a few times. I add very thinly sliced cooked
chicken, and I reduce the amount of ginger by half. I also up the vinegar and
chili garlic cause I like extra spicy and sour. Sooooo good. And sooo easy I
can make it at lunchtime!

★★★★★

  10. **Sam Li** -- February 24, 2022 @ 9:09 am  Reply

Absolutely NO, and I mean ZERO chili pepper belongs in hot sour soup. 100% of
the heat comes from white pepper, you will need a lot of it.

★★

  11. **Sandy** -- February 28, 2022 @ 10:12 am  Reply

Just tried this soup last week and it was FANTASTIC! Excellent depth of flavor
for such a fast and easy recipe. I made the soup exactly as written and added
more veggies and udon noodles because I love to eat those in soups. I've been
craving it again every day since. This recipe is definitely a keeper. Thank
you!

    * **Sandy** -- February 28, 2022 @ 10:34 am 

I think I forgot to add the rating to my review. Sorry!

★★★★★

  12. **Alice** -- March 8, 2022 @ 3:35 pm  Reply

WooHoo! Tastes like a better Asian restaurant! Hard to come by too! I did add
a bit more vinegar and chili, thinly sliced pork (sautéed) and a cup of
chopped spinach! Delicious! I’m writing this one down because I never want to
lose it! Thanks !

★★★★★

  13. **Raf** -- March 9, 2022 @ 8:04 am  Reply

This soup is amazing! I've been craving this for so long but sadly no
restaurants nearby sell hot and sour soup… this was better than I could have
imagined! I'd definitely add the bamboo shoots, it really elevates the
flavour.

I didn't have chili garlic paste, so I used a combination of garlic powder,
chili flakes, and sriracha - it turned out great! I also added ginger paste
which was easier than grating fresh ginger.

★★★★★

  14. **ML Burke** -- March 10, 2022 @ 10:36 pm  Reply

I did a half batch to try out the recipe and my ENTIRE family (including picky
teen and tween eaters) LOVED it! Can't wait to make it again :) Thanks for
sharing this yummy recipe.

★★★★★

  15. **BasiaM** -- March 23, 2022 @ 8:18 pm  Reply

Made this tonite and really liked it. Had to substitute for chili garlic
because that's not something I keep (used a good bit of garlic that sauteed
and sirracha) Omitted tofu b/c hubby thinks he doesn't care for (think I will
sneak in next time). Had bok choy I had to use, so that went in. Used combo of
shitake and cremini. Added twice the rice vinegar for the extra sour as noted
in recipe. And used white pepper I'll black. I think I will add extra slurry
next time. Will try with shrimp as someone suggested, and will do it with pork
too.

★★★★★

  16. **Katherine** -- April 6, 2022 @ 11:04 am  Reply

doesnt taste anything like hot and sour soup

★

  17. **Faye** -- April 26, 2022 @ 4:35 am  Reply

Made without tofu and ginger and a bit more vinegar and chilli sauce. 10/10
from both mum and I!

★★★★★

  18. **Julie Hughes** -- May 9, 2022 @ 10:24 pm  Reply

im not a fan of tofu but i used it in this and it was great it didnt taste
like tofu at all i so think everyone should try it this way

  19. **Loretta** -- May 21, 2022 @ 1:52 pm  Reply

Great hot and sour soup. Pretty sure hot chili oil is why I haven't caught
Covid…so far. This beats all the others for easy sourcing, cooking and clean
up.

★★★★★

  20. **Shelly Brown** -- May 23, 2022 @ 4:20 pm  Reply

I am making this recipe for the third time tonight. I added a little extra
ginger and garlic. I love it!

  21. **Abbey** -- May 31, 2022 @ 7:30 pm  Reply

Oh my goodness! This soup is amazing!! It’s seriously addicting. I was so full
but kept eating it! Definitely one to save forever.

  22. **Mr. Kim** -- June 2, 2022 @ 8:10 pm  Reply

I love (really love) hot and sour soup. This was my first attempt at making it
and will do so again. Simple and quick recipe yet so delicious. No longer will
I need to wait for Chinese date night out to enjoy. Thank you for sharing.

★★★★★

  23. **Bill** -- June 27, 2022 @ 4:16 pm  Reply

Simple and delicious!

I like the taste of sesame oil, and I couldn't taste it in this dish. Turns
out I had bought oil that was not toasted, and that's only for frying at high
heat, not to flavor. I'm going to buy a bottle of toasted sesame oil for the
next go round.

Normally this is served as an appetizer. I don't care for Tofu, and I had it
as a meal and was delighted by how light it was, but also found myself hungry
again quickly. So maybe it should be paired with something. Egg rolls maybe?

The soup wasn't as good as my local restaurant, but then I realized I hadn't
added the green onion garnish. That gave it the flavor pop I was looking for!

Anyway, very enjoyable. Thanks for posting.

★★★★★

  24. **Judy Hanzel** -- June 28, 2022 @ 4:20 pm  Reply

Great recipe, make this all the time.

★★★★★

  25. **Brent From** -- June 28, 2022 @ 6:51 pm  Reply

Picked your recipe due to simplicity.. .making it this evening & will let you
all know what I think….thanks n

  26. **Abbey** -- July 14, 2022 @ 1:04 pm  Reply

So so so amazing. I’m addicted.

★★★★★

« Previous 1 … 7 8 9

Leave a Comment »

### Hey, I’m Ali!

My favorite thing in life is time spent around the table. And all the better
with some seriously tasty food to bring us all together. **more about me »**

### Subscribe via Email:

### Food (more)

#### Ginger Peach Crisp

#### Vegan Brownies

#### Peach Gazpacho

### Life (more)

#### Currently

#### Currently

#### 3 Meaningful Ways You Can Help Support Ukraine Right Now

### Travel (more)

#### Ali's Guide To Istanbul

#### Ali's Guide To Mexico City

#### Ali's Guide To The Amalfi Coast

  * Home
  * About Ali
  * Privacy Policy
  * Work With Us
  * Contact

(C)2009-2022 Gimme Some Oven. _Design by_ Purr.  

