https://recipesofhome.com/hot-and-sour-soup-recipe/#Chicken_hot_and_sour_soup_recipe_video


Skip to content

###  Recipes Of Home

__

  * HOME
  * CHICKEN
  * DRINK
  * SNACK
  * RICE
  * VEGETARIAN
    * PANEER
  * SWEET
  * SOUP
  * ARTICLE
    * Recipe Collections
    * Kitchen Tips
    * Food Facts
    * Ingredients
  * WEB STORIES

Home » Soup » hot and sour soup ( hot n sour soup )

Soup Chicken Latest

#  Hot and sour soup recipe | Chicken hot and sour soup

__ June 1, 2022June 1, 2022 __ Koushik  __0 Comments __hot and sour, soup

**Hot and sour soup recipe** is one of the popular soup recipes across India
where boiled shredded chicken cooked with chopped vegetables and simmered in
water with some spicy sauce, salt black pepper. This is a very tasty and quick
**chicken hot and sour soup** recipe that can easily be prepared by anyone. To
prepare the best **hot n sour soup** follow below step by step instructions on
**how to make hot and sour soup?**

**Note:** if you are in a hurry, **feel free to click on the following links**
to check your desired topic.If you’d like to see our in-depth step by step
recipe preparation keep reading!

Table of Contents

__

  * What is hot n sour soup?
  * Serving ideas
  * Recipe video
  * How to make hot and sour soup
    * Basic preparation
    * Making soup
  * Hot and sour soup recipe | Chicken hot and sour soup
    * Ingredients required

## **What is hot n sour soup?**

**Hot n Sour soup** is made of boiled shredded chickens cooked with chopped
fresh veggies including cabbage, capsicum, carrot, french beans,ginger-garlic,
a pinch of salt, black pepper, and red chilli sauce, soy sauce, vinegar and to
increase consistency cornstarch water mixture.

## **What to serve with hot and sour soup?**

Hot and sour soup recipe serves best with chinese main course like **hakka
noodles** , **_veg fried rice_**.

**| You can also check more delicious recipes**

  * **veg soup**
  * **chicken soup**
  * **manchow soup**
  * **butter chicken**
  * **chilli chicken**
  * **aloo chaat**
  * **dahi puri**
  * **veg cutlet**
  * **papdi chaat**
  * **french fries**
  * **chilli potato**

## **Chicken hot and sour soup recipe video  
**

If you want to watch the **hot and sour soup recipe video** , _**watch it
here**_ _ **⇓**_

hot and sour chicken soup recipe|re...

Please enable JavaScript

hot and sour chicken soup recipe|restaurant style hot n sour soup

**More Recipes You May Love**

  * Chicken burger recipe | How to…
  * Chicken biryani recipe |…
  * Chicken makhani recipe | Murgh…
  * Veg noodles recipe | Veg hakka…
  * Veggie burger recipe | Veg…
  * Chicken 65 Recipe | How to…

## **How to make hot and sour soup**

Here is the detailed recipe of hot n sour soup classified with step by step
photo. **The first one** is **preparation of chicken hot and sour soup
recipe** and **the second one** is **making hot n sour soup**  

### **Preparation for chicken hot and sour soup  
**

**1.** First, to prepare chicken hot and sour soup in a deep pan boil 400 to
500 ml of water.

**2.** Also add 1 tsp salt,1 tsp black pepper powder, and 1 tsp vinegar, mix
them well and let the water boil for 2 to 3 min.

**3.** Now, add chicken pieces to this hot water.

**4.** Cover the pan with a lid and boil the chicken for another 7 to 8 min.

**5. **After that, drain chicken stock, shred the boiled chickens and discard
the bones from the chicken pieces.

### **Making hot n sour soup**

**1.** Now for, **making hot n sour soup** melt 3 tbsp oil or butter in the
same pan.

**2.** Next add 1 tbsp chopped ginger garlic and saute in medium flame until
the raw aroma goes away.

**3.** After that add 2 tbsp carrot,3 tbsp cabbage,3 tbsp capsicum, 2 tbsp
french beans and saute in medium to high flame for up to 3 to 4 min.

**4.** When all vegetables are looked translucent add chicken stock to a pan
and mix with all vegetables.

**5.** Next add 1 tsp salt.

**6.** 1 tsp black pepper powder.

**7.** Now mix the spices and cover the pan with a lid and simmer for another
6 to 7 min.

**8.** When vegetables are a little bit crunchy add shredded chicken and mix
it properly with this spicy soup.

**9.** Next mix 1 tbsp soy sauce.

**10.** 1 tbsp red chili sauce.

**11.** 1 tbsp vinegar mix everything and adjust the taste.

**12.** For enhancing the **thickness of hot and sour chicken soup** add
cornflour-water mixture and mix it gently.

**13.** Also add 1 tbsp chopped green chili.

**14.** 1 tsp kashmiri red chili powder for vibrant colour for soup.

**15.** Finally, add 2 tbsp chopped spring onions.

**16.** Mix with hot n sour soup.

**Hot and Sour Soup Recipe Card**

Here is a quick overview of all the ingredients of the chicken hot and sour
soup recipe including step by step preparation shown **in the recipe card**.

**Take note of all ingredient list**.

Yield: 3

## Hot and sour soup recipe | Chicken hot and sour soup

Print

**Hot and sour soup recipe** boiled shredded chicken cooked with chopped
vegetables and simmered in water with some spicy sauce, salt black pepper is
one of the popular chicken soup recipes across India during winter seasons.
Serve this **chicken hot and sour soup** with chinese hakka noodles, fried
rice.

**Prep Time** 10 minutes

**Cook Time** 30 minutes

**Additional Time** 5 minutes

**Total Time** 45 minutes

### Ingredients

#### Ingredients For Hot And Sour Soup

  * 250 gm chicken [boneless or bone in] 
  * 3 to 4 tbsp oil or butter 
  * 1 tbsp finely chopped ginger garlic 
  * 3 tbsp chopped spring onion white 
  * 3 tbsp finely chopped cabbage 
  * 2 tbsp chopped carrot 
  * 3 tbsp chopped capsicum 
  * 2 tbsp finely chopped french beans 
  * 400 to 500 ml water 
  * 1 tsp black pepper powder 
  * salt to taste 
  * 1 tbsp red chili sauce 
  * 1 tbsp soy sauce 
  * 1 tbsp vinegar 
  * 2 tbsp cornflour 
  * 2 tsp kashmiri red chili powder 

### Instructions

#### **how to make hot and sour soup**

  1. At first, for preparing spicy **hot and sour soup** , add water, a pinch of salt, black pepper, and vinegar in a heavy bottom pan and keep them boil for 2 to 3 min.
  2. Then, add chicken pieces to this hot water, cover the lid and boil them for another 7 to 8 min.
  3. After that, separate the boiled chicken and chicken stock for later use.
  4. Next, in a bowl shred the boiled chickens and discard the bones from the chicken pieces.
  5. Preparing hot and sour soup heat oil or butter in a deep pan and then saute chopped ginger-garlic until the raw aroma goes away.
  6. After that add carrot, cabbage, capsicum, and french beans and saute in high flame for up to 2 to 3 min.
  7. When all vegetables are looked translucent add chicken stock to a pan and mix with all vegetables. 
  8. Next add salt and black pepper, cover with a lid and simmer for another 6 to 7 min.
  9. After 6 to 7 min when vegetables are a little bit crunchy add shredded chicken and mix it properly with this spicy soup.
  10. Also add red chili sauce, soy sauce, and vinegar and adjust quantities as per your taste.
  11. Finally, for enhancing the **thickness of hot and sour chicken soup** add cornflour-water mixture and mix it properly.

### Notes

#### **Hot and Sour Soup Recipe Note**

  1. Adjust the thickness of hot n sour soup by increasing or decreasing water quantity.
  2. You can also use your favorite vegetables to prepare this soup.

#### Nutrition Information

#### Serving Size

3  
_Amount Per Serving_ Calories 744Total Fat 71gSaturated Fat 9gTrans Fat
1gUnsaturated Fat 58gCholesterol 89mgSodium 3379mgCarbohydrates 6gFiber
2gSugar 2gProtein 22g

_Disclaimer: The information shown is an estimate provided by an online
nutrition calculator. It should not be considered a substitute for a
professional nutritionist’s advice._

### Do you like this recipe? pin it!

Follow us on Pinterest to get delicious recipes!

© Koushik

**Cuisine:** North Indian  / **Category:** Soup

### Recipe Collections

11 Best Punjabi Recipes | Easy Punjabi Food | Popular Punjabi Dish 13 Best
Indian Lunch Recipes | Easy Indian Lunch Recipes 15 Best Indian Dinner Recipes
| Easy Indian Recipes 15 Best Indian Vegetarian Dinner Recipes | Easy
Vegetarian Dinner Party Recipes 23 best indian food recipes | Most popular
indian dishes | Indian recipes 35 most popular north indian food | North
indian dishes | North indian recipes Kitchen tips : How to use pressure cooker
| Important tips for first time users Kitchen tips : How to wash fruits and
vegetables

  * ← 10 Best paneer recipes | Easy paneer recipes | Popular cottage cheese recipes
  * Egg Biryani Recipe | how to make egg biryani in cooker & dum style →

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

### Trending Posts

  1. 11 Best Punjabi Recipes | Easy Punjabi Food | Popular Punjabi Dish
  2. 13 Best Indian Lunch Recipes | Easy Indian Lunch Recipes
  3. 15 Best Indian Dinner Recipes | Easy Indian Recipes
  4. 15 Best Indian Vegetarian Dinner Recipes | Easy Vegetarian Dinner Party Recipes
  5. 23 best indian food recipes | Most popular indian dishes | Indian recipes
  6. 35 most popular north indian food | North indian dishes | North indian recipes
  7. Kitchen tips : How to use pressure cooker | Important tips for first time users
  8. Kitchen tips : How to wash fruits and vegetables

### Most Popular Recipes

  * Chicken Biryani
  * Hyderabadi Biryani
  * Veg Biryani
  * Chilli Chicken
  * Chicken Curry
  * Butter Chicken
  * Aloo Samosa
  * Veg Cutlet
  * Dahi Vada
  * Matar Paneer
  * Shahi Paneer
  * Paneer Butter Masala
  * Dal Makhani
  * Rajma Chawal
  * Egg Curry
  * Chana Masala
  * Punjabi Chole

### Web Stories

Cold coffee recipe ( How to make cold coffee )

French fries recipe ( How to make french fry )

3 easy ways to peel almonds quickly ( How to blanch almond fast )

Chicken biryani recipe | How to make chicken biryani

View all stories

### Information

  * Privacy Policy
  * Sitemap

### Navigate

  * Home
  * About
  * Contact
  * Web Stories

### Find Recipes

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

Copyright © 2022 Recipes Of Home. All rights reserved.  
Theme: ColorMag by ThemeGrill. Powered by WordPress.

__

Skip to Recipe

Cold coffee recipe ( How to make cold coffee ) French fries recipe ( How to
make french fry ) 3 easy ways to peel almonds quickly ( How to blanch almond
fast ) Chicken biryani recipe | How to make chicken biryani

