https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/80694/hot-and-sour-chicken-soup/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Soups, Stews and Chili Recipes
  4. Soup Recipes
  5. Chicken Soup Recipes
  6. Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

# Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.5

284 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 179 
  * 4 star values: 81 
  * 3 star values: 15 
  * 2 star values: 5 
  * 1 star values: 4 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 284 Ratings 
  * 210 Reviews 
  * 35 Photos 

Very good and very easy to make Asian soup. My husband is a chef, and he said
that this was fantastic! (He's hard to impress.) We finished the pot in one
sitting.

Recipe by MORPHIUS_RAE

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Read the full recipe after the video.

Add Photo

Hot and Sour Chicken Soup filmgirl

Hot and Sour Chicken Soup Susan Brose

Hot and Sour Chicken Soup Paleosue

Hot and Sour Chicken Soup Sannia Hanif

\+ 31 31 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

10 mins

cook:

20 mins

total:

30 mins

Servings:

4

Yield:

4 servings

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

4

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 4 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 3 cups chicken broth 
  * ½ cup water 
  * 2 cups sliced fresh mushrooms 
  * ½ cup sliced bamboo shoots, drained 
  * 3 slices fresh ginger root 
  * 2 cloves garlic, crushed 
  * 2 teaspoons soy sauce 
  * ¼ teaspoon red pepper flakes 
  * 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - cut into thin strips 
  * 1 tablespoon sesame oil 
  * 2 green onions, chopped 
  * ¼ cup chopped fresh cilantro (Optional)
  * 3 tablespoons red wine vinegar 
  * 2 tablespoons cornstarch 
  * 1 egg, beaten 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

In a saucepan, combine the chicken broth, water, mushrooms, bamboo shoots,
ginger, garlic, soy sauce, and hot pepper flakes. Bring to a boil, then reduce
the heat to low, cover and simmer while you assemble the rest of the
ingredients.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Place the chicken slices into a bowl and toss with the sesame oil to coat. In
a separate bowl, stir together the cornstarch and vinegar, and set aside.

  * Step 3

Increase the heat under the broth to medium-high, and return to a rolling
boil. Add the chicken slices. Return to a boil, and then drizzle in the egg
while stirring slowly to create long strands of egg. Stir in the vinegar and
cornstarch. Simmer over medium heat, stirring occasionally, until chicken is
cooked through and the broth has thickened slightly, about 3 minutes. Serve
garnished with green onions and cilantro.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

217 calories; protein 26.8g; carbohydrates 9.3g; fat 7.7g; cholesterol
109.6mg; sodium 1095.3mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (210)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

j t

Rating: 4 stars

02/28/2006

This is a very good rendition of the retaurant soup. To bring it closer to
authentic we added more cornstarch until the right thickness. Added chile
paste for heat by the quarter teaspoon and individuals added a bit more soy
for saltiness. But a good base to start with. Nice!

Read More

Helpful (102)

### Most helpful critical review

learntosink

Rating: 1 stars

03/05/2012

Before I wrote this review I had to look over the recipe several times to
ensure I had not done anything incorrectly. Not that I thought I had, I just
could not understand how neither my girlfriend or myself cared for this recipe
given all the great reviews. We really scrutinized this and decided it was the
red wine vinegar that gave it a funny taste. Also, I felt that this dish was
lacking some sort of a sweet component. I personally would not even consider
making this again, but my advice to anyone who really wants to try it is use
white vinegar instead of red, add brown sugar and maybe some teriyaki to add a
bit of sweetness. Also, I used to work in a restaurant that made a soup
similar to this and their recipe added the corn starch mixture before the egg.

Read More

Helpful (19)

284 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 179 
  * 4 star values: 81 
  * 3 star values: 15 
  * 2 star values: 5 
  * 1 star values: 4 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

j t

Rating: 4 stars

02/28/2006

This is a very good rendition of the retaurant soup. To bring it closer to
authentic we added more cornstarch until the right thickness. Added chile
paste for heat by the quarter teaspoon and individuals added a bit more soy
for saltiness. But a good base to start with. Nice!

Shannon Clayton Flanagan

Rating: 5 stars

10/28/2009

I've had this recipe in my "meaning to try" box for ages, and I am mad for
waiting so long! This is serious hot and sour soup. I added chili-garlic paste
(about 1 1/2T, Huy Fong brand) instead of the red pepper flakes as I'm afraid
mine have lost their "kick," and also tofu and leftover chicken. This is truly
a fantastic base, I'd give it 10 stars if I could. One thing that particularly
impressed me was that the texture is right.----Update---- If you don't have
fresh ginger, I really wouldn't substitute powdered ginger for the fresh - it
will significantly alter the "bite" fresh ginger brings. Jarred, minced ginger
isn't bad - not great, but not bad. What I do is buy a "hand" of ginger, wrap
it in plastic wrap then a freezer bag and freeze it. You can just peel a
little bit, grate or slice what you need, then back in the freezer. It also
grates very easily when frozen and keeps forever this way.

Kelly H

Rating: 5 stars

04/08/2007

This soup is my favorite way to revive leftover Chinese food (as long as it's
not breaded, as this would get soggy and gross). Make the base with the
liquids and seasonings, and before you add the vinegar and cornstarch to
thicken it up, add your leftover noodles, rice, stir-fried veggies, chicken,
beef, whatever. It's amazing what works in this soup, so experiment around.
Then add thickener, heat through, and serve. Puts a little variety into eating
leftovers, so you don't really feel like you're eating leftovers.

MARNZ01

Rating: 5 stars

02/18/2007

Wow that is beautiful! I made the recipe just as described but doubled the red
pepper flakes for some extra heat. Make sure you chop the chicken very thin.
The texture in the final soup is just like the restaurant. I would also
recomend adding the cornstarch mixture prior to drizzling the egg to get that
ribbon effect.

Tania

Rating: 5 stars

09/17/2006

Very easy, yummy recipe! I used tofu instead of chicken and it was great. I
also substituted rice vinegar for the red wine. This will become a favorite
for me.

Sean

Rating: 5 stars

07/10/2006

This is a very tasty soup. To make it a bit more authentic tasting I doubled
the starch for consistency and added 1/4 tsp of white pepper.

LYNNE216

Rating: 5 stars

02/20/2005

Seems like in restaurants this is always made with pork -- but who ever has
pork broth? It worked really, really well, and even my picky daughter loved
it. I made it more hot and more sour, and added tofu, but this is really
excellent, and I'll be making it as often as I have the makings for fresh
chicken or turkey broth.

learntosink

Rating: 1 stars

03/05/2012

Before I wrote this review I had to look over the recipe several times to
ensure I had not done anything incorrectly. Not that I thought I had, I just
could not understand how neither my girlfriend or myself cared for this recipe
given all the great reviews. We really scrutinized this and decided it was the
red wine vinegar that gave it a funny taste. Also, I felt that this dish was
lacking some sort of a sweet component. I personally would not even consider
making this again, but my advice to anyone who really wants to try it is use
white vinegar instead of red, add brown sugar and maybe some teriyaki to add a
bit of sweetness. Also, I used to work in a restaurant that made a soup
similar to this and their recipe added the corn starch mixture before the egg.

KELSEYDAWG

Rating: 5 stars

09/02/2005

I have made this twice in the past week and love it. The first time I used
chicken and the second time shrimp. Both were excellent. I also served it over
white rice, which was delicious. I love the fact it is quick to make and
flavorful.

calizen

Rating: 4 stars

04/09/2005

Delicious. I added an extra cup of broth and an additional tablespoon of
vinegar. I also added about a tablespoon of Tabasco and an extra teaspoon of
soy sauce. The soup had a great flavor and I really enjoyed it. Will make
again. Thanks so much!

Julie Fegler

Rating: 5 stars

03/08/2006

Very tasty! I have a similar recipe for egg drop soup that I've used for
years. This is more substantial with the chicken and vegetables. It had a
wonderful smooth, creamy texture that we loved.

TROUZER

Rating: 4 stars

12/21/2010

In desperation to get rid of a cold, I made my own version of this recipe
tonight: since I don't like canned bamboo shoots (and heaven knows there are
not fresh in my neck of the woods), I sliced up the stems of bok choy in place
of the shoots; I also sliced up the two leaves of bok choy and added them
toward the end; only used one chicken breast, but added one extra TB of red
wine vinegar; some sriracha sauce at the end put it over the top. I think my
soup turned out better than any Chinese restaurant in my little town. Take
that you nasty cold!

mrsdrdc555

Rating: 5 stars

06/24/2010

I love, love, love this recipe! Super easy and delicious! I used a can of tiny
pink shrimp from Trader Joes in place of chicken and it was awesome. I didn't
have bamboo shoots but I added shredded carrots in place-YUMMY. I also
increased the cornstarch just to make it a bit thicker (personal preference)
Great recipe and definitely worth making

Joyce

Rating: 4 stars

01/03/2010

I always try to be as true to the recipe as possible, and I was with this one.
The results were rather bland. My husband and I are hot and sour soup fans,
and I know this is different, but I expected more flavor. Once I added 1/4 tsp
white pepper and a slpash of rice vinegar along with a few shakes of salt; we
were pleased with the results. It's actually a nice easy recipe; I would
definitely make it again but I would add the white pepper and extra (rice)
vinegar. I may only use rice vinegar next time and skip the red wine vinegar
all together.

Nic in the UK

Rating: 5 stars

11/29/2006

This is a lovely versatile recipe and is great for warming you up and fighting
off colds! I sometimes add shrimp instead of chicken and, if I have some in,
some lemongrass for a citrusy flavour.

Cookie Monster

Rating: 4 stars

12/15/2010

I don't particularly care hot & sour soup in general. I made this for my
boyfriend. He gave it 4 stars & said that it tasted alot like PF Changs... but
who knows, maybe he was just being nice. :) Was certainly easy to make. I used
1tbsp dried cilantro, low sodium soy sauce, & rice vinegar i/o red wine... I
covered the soup & boiled for an extra 10 min at the end to bring out the
flavors.

LED87

Rating: 4 stars

01/08/2011

This soup is pretty good but still doesnt compare to our favorite resturant.
We added ramen noodles and cabbage and upped the spice factor. Overall, I
think this recipe is good for an at home fix in lue of a chinese place.

ONIOND

Rating: 5 stars

02/21/2015

It was good. Next time I'll add a bit more cornstarch. This time I left out
the chicken as this was more of a starter course. UPDATE: Made again, per the
recipe this time. Very good chicken! I had probably slightly less than 2 cups
of mushrooms, and I threw in the whole can of bamboo shoots so it was probably
more than half a cup. I found '3 slices' of ginger a bit confusing, I ended up
using 3 slices that were about 1/4 inch thick, and I minced them before
putting in the soup :) My only other comment is that I used a couple dashes of
cayenne pepper instead of the chili flakes, since DS and I don't like super
spicy stuff. Great recipe, goes great for dinner on a chilly night with some
homemade egg rolls!

babymama'10

Rating: 5 stars

12/04/2010

Very good. I added green chile peppers instead of red flakes. I like fresh
pepper more than flakes. I had some leftover rotisserie chicken from another
time so I used that. This will be another staple soup recipe in my house and
for soup parties. Thanks for the recipe. Very good.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

09/13/2005

i loved this recipe. it has a very authentic flavor and looks beautiful when
you serve it with the cilantro and green onions. Next time I make it i will
substitute tofu for the chicken.

WileyP

Rating: 5 stars

03/18/2007

The only change I made was to double the red pepper flakes as another reviewer
suggested. It could probably use a full teaspoon, actually. Other than that,
this is the one, folks. Never had better! Thanks so much for this recipe,
Morphius_Rae!

Godzilla

Rating: 5 stars

09/11/2010

My absolutely favorite chicken soup. Don't change a thing.

JARRIE

Allstar

Rating: 4 stars

09/15/2011

I did find that I needed to add more soy sauce and a generous amount of
Sriracha to bring the flavor to the point where I wanted it. The end product
looks nothing like the "main" picture; it looks like the user-submitted
pictures (and like the restaurant-style version). Thanks for sharing!

Pompy

Rating: 5 stars

05/13/2006

I love this recipe. I tastes very much like what you find in real asian
restaraunts, but even better and obviously home made (which is a good thing).
What i like also about it is that you can make it as spicy as you like (i like
mine spicy!!) ;) enjoy!

Kat G

Rating: 5 stars

03/12/2011

YUMMERS! I stuck to the recipe and thought it excellent...so did the family
and dining guest! A crowd pleaser and a wonderful soup to consume if you have
a cold!

JessicaRose

Rating: 5 stars

11/28/2010

OMG!! My dad and I just made this soup and it is absolutely delicious and easy
to make. Fried up some home made egg rolls to go with it, which took a little
bit more time in completing the meal. All in all though...great soup recipe.
Nice change from all the same old soups I always make.

Litegal1

Rating: 5 stars

01/28/2014

Yum. Yum yum yum. Made exactly as directed with exception of doing the
vinegar/cornstarch mixture before adding the beaten egg. Devoured. Oh - and
only used 1 chicken breast - which was perfect. Next time I think we'll pour
over steamed rice as hubs only complaint was that he missed his starch. Thanks
so much for recipe!

McRae Family

Rating: 4 stars

04/25/2011

This was excellent, with one big adjustment and one recommendation.
Adjustment: the red wine vinegar came across too strongly. It overwhelmed the
balance of the broth. Once we realized what was off-kilter we had a hard time
finishing our soup because that is all we could taste. With a little reduction
in quantity of that ingredient, this recipe is definitely one to make.
Recommendation: cut your chicken in smaller pieces than you think. For a soup,
you want the chicken to be small enough to not overwhelm the limited real
estate of your spoon. With those notes, I will share this recipe and make it
again. Thanks!

Rhys

Rating: 5 stars

07/24/2011

Great recipe! I used beef stock, added more corn starch, used broccoli and
water chestnuts because I had them. I also used rice vinegar which I think is
much more authentic, and more than the recipe calls for - the sour is what I
find is missing from too many restaurants.. Used chili oil instead of sesame.
Definitely cut the chicken into very thin slivers, not cubes or slices - cut
it while it's partially frozen and it's really easy! And when you cut the
chicken this way, add it after corn starch and vinegar and cook for no more
than a minute or two, that small it is cooked almost as soon as its added to
the mixture. Finally, I added sriracha to help spice it up and add more
flavor. Great recipe that I'll make again and again!

Curt McLey

Rating: 5 stars

01/29/2009

This is the closest restaurant quality hot and sour soup I've found at
allrecipes. My wife loves this kind of soup and it's the closest I've come to
pleasing her with this type of recipe. The only addition we (my wife helped)
made was to add a small amount of cabbage, which we simmered for about an hour
or so (while our roast pork was cooking). We served the soup as an opener for
the Mandarin Roast Pork recipe, also an allrecipes select recipe. Cilantro has
a strong and distinctive taste, so if be sure that you like it before using it
as a garnish.

maryjane3131

Rating: 5 stars

10/11/2007

Like it alot!I used tofu instead of chicken, but thats what makes this recipe
so great, you can anything you want and it will definately be to your liking.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

01/13/2006

I loved this recipe!! I added more soy sauce for more of a sour kick, but
otherwise, it was delicious!!

ACPHIFER

Rating: 5 stars

07/26/2006

My daughter and I really liked this. We kicked it up a notch and increased the
red pepper flakes to 1 tsp - we wanted "hot". Also, substituted firm tofu for
the chicken. This is a great low fat soup that we will have often!

Brenda

Rating: 5 stars

05/22/2008

Absolutely wonderful. Easy to make and I too believe that is better then my
regular chinese restaurant. Thank you so much for sharing. I love this stuff!

AJ

Rating: 4 stars

11/01/2013

I'm very spoiled by having the worlds best hot & sour soup at Margaret Kuo's
in PA. There is definitely something missing. A small addition of brown sugar
helps cut the sour so the balance between that and sweet is perfect but the
depth of flavor is missing. Would love to know what it is that's missing
because this recipe is soooooo close to perfect.

VALENE

Rating: 5 stars

05/23/2010

This was very good - didn't use mushrooms or bamboo shoots, don't think I will
in the future either. Only had jarred ginger and that was fine but I will use
the real stuff in the future. Used a little bit of chili garlic paste which
really added some flavor. It was fantastic!

Anna Cole

Rating: 5 stars

09/09/2010

I made this with the last bits of rotisserie chicken leftovers. Fantastic!
Just what I needed on a chilly day.

kristenita

Rating: 5 stars

04/22/2008

delicious! quick & easy. I used tofu instead of chicken & increased the soy
sauce to 3tsp (lite). oh & I omitted the bamboo just because I didn't have
any... this will be a popular recipe at our house from now on, thanks!!

Carolyn Cerny Manley

Rating: 4 stars

07/28/2006

Good substance to this soup, and healthy. My only complaint is that it was a
little too sour for my tastes. If I make again I would only add 2 tablespoons
of vinegar.

Kristin Pozniak

Rating: 5 stars

01/24/2006

Excellent recipe! It tasted very much like the soups at asian restaurants. I
didn't expect it to, not sure what I thought went in those soups, but this
seemed right on! I thought there was too much chicken as this recipe was
written, but next time I will probably use tofu anyways. Thanks!

Detroitgirlcooks

Rating: 5 stars

01/20/2010

This soup was excellent and my husband and I both enjoyed it very much. In
fact, his response was that the soup was "awesome". I agree with the
modifications made by other reviewers. I upped the chicken broth/stock, soy
sauce, and red pepper flakes. I'd like to try the chili paste another time.
Also, I substituted rice vinegar for the red wine vinegar. I put a little less
chicken in it as well. I think the more green onion the better, so we
sprinkled more than the recipe suggested as a garnish. We ended up taking the
leftovers in our lunch the next day.

tryingtobeacook

Rating: 5 stars

05/29/2009

Both my husband and I loved this recipe and it was so easy. I felt like it
needed more chicken broth than it called for so I added 2 more cups which
didn't seem to detract from the taste. Definitely would make it again.

Corina

Rating: 4 stars

01/03/2010

Excellent soup! I adjusted, of course, with double the soy, exchanging ginger
root for 1 tsp ginger powder, adding grated carrots, water chestnuts and Top
Ramen noodles instead of egg. It was fabulous...although I would suggest
doubling the broth portion if you choose to "noodlize".

CHERRY007

Rating: 5 stars

09/06/2006

Used dried shitake slices instead of fresh mushrooms. Also added in some
slivered water chestnuts for an extra crunch. Yum!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

07/15/2005

I made this when my husband and I had a couple of friends over and everyone
was very impressed with it. It's such a great meal because it isn't heavy and
it's got a wonderful aroma.

Janice

Rating: 5 stars

02/15/2011

Great soup! Tastes like it's from a Chinese restaurant! Added more vinegar,
cornstarch, and red pepper flakes to make it more sour, thick, and spicy,
respectively. Will definitely make again!

pomplemousse

Rating: 5 stars

09/27/2009

Very good. I used already cooked leftover pork loin instead of the chicken. I
left out the mushrooms--not to my taste but tried to follow the rest. No
cilantro or fresh ginger, so I used dry ginger. It still worked fine. I love
hot and sour soup in restaurants and this was just as good, if not better, bc
I can add what I want. I did add some mixed veggies. Thanks for the recipe!

Sola

Rating: 3 stars

07/24/2005

Neither of us were wild about this soup. It was just OK. All I could taste was
the red wine vinegar. I left out the mushrooms (maybe that was my problem, but
I don't like them), but upped the bamboo shoots to make up for it. I used
dried cilantro, but it probably could have used more than what I put in
(around a tsp). I used vegetable broth, and I thought the chicken itself was
really good. I liked having it instead of pork.

Kim

Rating: 5 stars

08/26/2010

This was GREAT! Used rice wine vinegar, as that is what I had on hand. This
had the consistency of restaurant style and has quite a kick. Wouldn't change
a thing!

oly

Rating: 5 stars

02/24/2010

the best soup ever!

Nicole Burdett

Rating: 4 stars

08/01/2007

This was very good... It could have stood to have a little more heat and
flavor, so I added a few shakes of soy sauce and some red pepper flakes to the
individual servings. I also cooked white rice and put about 1/2 cup in each
bowl which added even more substance. Very easy, healthy (other than sodium),
and delicious. For any complaints that it is too thin, just mix 1 part
cornstarch and 1 part water (or broth) and stir into the soup until you reach
the desired consistency.

GREENFIREFLY

Rating: 5 stars

06/08/2005

This has got to be one of the best soups I've ever eaten! Even my picky son
likes it. And it's so easy to make. I used dried, rehydrated shiitake
mushrooms and it turned out just great.

cauth002

Rating: 5 stars

08/29/2010

I loved this recipe! I didn't have red pepper flakes or red wine vinegar BUT I
did have red pepper and regular vinegar. All I did was add extra red pepper
and extra regular vinegar and VOILA! it was perfect! Sure, it didn't have the
deep coloring as a result of not using red wine vinegar, but it tasted just as
good as the restaurant!

LINDA MCLEAN

Rating: 5 stars

03/10/2005

Yummy! This was part of our asian dinner last night and loved by my whole
gang. I used hot sauce in lieu of the red pepper flakes, used more vinegar to
give it more of the "sour", added green onions and skipped the cilantro.
Delish and thanks so much!

rock

Rating: 5 stars

01/07/2014

Great taste, but I felt it needed a little something more. I added lemongrass
paste and what an incredible taste difference!! YUMMY!!

VOXMORGAN

Rating: 5 stars

05/14/2006

This was a great recipe. I used tofu instead of the chicken plus added a 8oz.
can of cream corn and 1 cup of shredded carrots.

Chocaholic

Rating: 5 stars

01/02/2007

This is just like the soup you get at a Chinese Restaraunt! I forgot the red
pepper flakes, but it was still great.

Chef Drew

Rating: 5 stars

03/26/2007

Awesome.

Tesa Cornett

Rating: 5 stars

01/10/2011

YUM!! this was SO good! MY changes: I used 2 cups chicken STOCK and 1 cup low
sodium, fat-free chicken broth; PLUS, 2 bouillon cubes and 1 extra cup of
water. I used garlic-infused rice vinegar instead of red wine vinegar. I also
added probably 4 Tbsp. red pepper flakes and it still was not spicy enough for
my husband. Everything else I followed as directed, but I topped with crispy
wonton strips (our store sells them). The FRESH ginger root flavor was SO
good!! I'll make this again!

SHAWNA8573

Rating: 5 stars

01/02/2008

Wow, we super love it! Better than any we had out. Made 2 changes: a block of
tofu instead of chicken and some arame (seaweed) addedin the begining. My kids
said that it was the best soup they ever had. Oh, my youngest says to add that
he ate 3 bowls of it. Thanks so much!

bmcdearis

Rating: 5 stars

08/19/2008

This was fantastic! Ate the entire pot in 1 sitting. I will definitely be
using this again. Thank you!

farah

Rating: 4 stars

02/19/2012

Great recipe! Everyone thought it tasted restaurant-quality and couldn't
believe it when I told them how easy it was to pull together. I gave it 4
stars because there were a few things I think it was lacking. For one, it
definitely needed a bit more kick. I upped the red pepper flakes from 1/4 tsp
to 1/2 tsp and it still wasn't quite right. I think next time I'll add chile
paste and hopefully that'll do the trick. Also, I think it needed a 1/2 tsp to
1 tsp of salt. Or maybe next time I will just marinate the chicken in some
salt and pepper-- as it is in the recipe, it tasted a bit bland compared to
the deliciousness of the soup. Overall though, this was great and I can't wait
to make it again with these minor tweaks!

Becky

Rating: 4 stars

05/12/2006

This was okay. Not at all like the hot and sour soup that I am accustomed to-
It's thinner than expected and I could tell that the sour part came from
vinegar. Not my favorite recipe, but not terrible.

Sheri Stef.

Rating: 4 stars

10/18/2005

I made this for my husband who loves hot/sour soup. He said there were things
he loved and things he didn't like but couldn't put his finger on it. I did
add more pepper flakes, vinegar, and soy sauce b/c he loves it spicey. He did
say there was too much chicken. Thanks for the recipe.

brad nielsen

Rating: 5 stars

01/12/2007

This is excellent and so easy! Just for fun, and because I had extra laying
around, I added 2 sprigs of fresh rosemary!

Old Grey Frog

Rating: 4 stars

08/14/2013

Very good! I crave hot sour soup when I have a cold. A bit more meat than I'm
used to so I'll cut back next time. I hate it when people rate a recipe that
they've altered but I didn't have all the ingredients and I NEEDED some cold
cure. I used one 8 oz. package of fresh mushrooms and half a package (1 oz.)
of wood ear mushrooms which I soaked and sliced. I used white wine vinegar
instead of red wine vinegar. I didn't have any bamboo shoots because I'm not
fond of them...besides, I didn't have any. I used 1/2 tsp. of hot pepper
flakes because I like spicy and I increased the garlic to I heaping tablespoon
of chopped garlic. Used 3 Tbsp. of cornstarch to make up for added mushroom
liquid. Perfect cold cure! Next time I'll half the amount of chicken in the
recipe....and have some green onion on hand to garnish.

Heather

Rating: 4 stars

12/20/2010

This is pretty good. The only change that I will make is I will add way less
Sesame oil. I thought it was way to strong but other than that it was great
and super easy. I made this when we were sick with colds and it clears ya
right up!

Stine

Rating: 5 stars

06/03/2010

I make major changes to most recipes, but followed this one exactly. No
changes needed! My husband and I both loved it.

KariC

Rating: 5 stars

12/28/2009

So yummy. We didn't make any changes and will be making this one again.

MomLiz

Rating: 4 stars

05/01/2010

Very yummy soup. Hubby & I will make it again. It worked very well as a meal
for us two. I think the kids will enjoy it as well. Not overly "hot" for them.
However, we are still on the hunt for one that is more like the restraunt
version we like.

lauraritchey

Rating: 5 stars

08/26/2013

We did a few adjustments and LOVED it! We used a package of Extra Firm Tofu
instead of chicken to make it more like our local Chinese restaurant. We also
added Sriracha to it at the table to make it a bit spicier. We will definitely
make this again!

ScorpioCook73

Rating: 5 stars

01/30/2014

This was my first time making hot and sour soup - it turned out fantastic!! I
did not use ginger b/c we do not like that flavor...and did not use cilantro.
I used about twice as much sesame oil to coat the chicken - and next time will
marinade the chicken overnight to set in the flavor a bit more. I took the
advice of other reviews and used rice vinegar with the corn starch instead of
red wine vinegar - but used twice as much cornstarch to get that nice thick
consistency like you get from the restaurant hot & sour soup. My husband LOVED
it. I will definitely make this again!!

SHARIERICE

Rating: 5 stars

11/16/2013

Delicious! The only thing I changed the second time I made it was a little
less vinegar and added some hot sauce for a little more heat! And topped it
with homemade wonton strips, YUM!!! Thanks for an awesome recipe!!!

Cooking in WA

Rating: 4 stars

01/06/2007

This was a good rendition - The only thing that I might try next time is rice
or regular vinegar instead of the red wine vinegar. I didn't have bamboo
shoots and added more flakes. Otherwise followed the recipe. I will make
again.

Cynthia

Rating: 4 stars

05/25/2009

This was good. I just had to tinker with the vinegar and red pepper flakes to
suit my taste, but all in all, it was good. I omitted the chicken because I
was serving chicken and steamed dumplings. I will definitely make again. I had
some left over and ate it for lunch; it was even better, but not quite as
pretty.

JJOYB53

Rating: 4 stars

04/08/2009

Really good starting point. I made this exactly as written, except I did not
add the chicken, as I was serving this with the Asian Chicken Noodle Salad
(also from this site). It was neither hot nor sour enough for us - will
increase the hot pepper flakes and vinegar next time. I also used homemade
chicken stock, which is salt-free, and even though we really tend to make our
foods low-salt, due to health reasons, I think I will increase the soy sauce
to open up the taste buds a bit (maybe an extra tablespoon). Thanks for the
recipe - I will definitely keep this as a starting point for many future
meals, as hot and sour soup is one of our favorites, and now we won't have to
go to our favorite Chinese restaurant to have it!

Jodi

Rating: 4 stars

06/01/2011

I loved this very much! DH not as much. He thought the flavor was really good,
but would like it better if it had pasta in it which wouldn't be the same at
all but that's how he likes his soup - oh well :) I followed the recipe
exactly, omitting the 'optional' cilantro which I didn't have. It wasn't too
hot, the 1/4tsp red pepper flakes was the perfect amount in my opinion.

MORTENSEN

Rating: 2 stars

01/07/2014

Followed exactly except added tofu instead of chicken- like you get at most
restaurants. Not great. Not restaurant quality.

Busymantis

Rating: 5 stars

02/15/2010

Awsome. Everyone really enjoyed it. I used half chicken and half tofu.

Johanna WISHES she were a

Rating: 4 stars

07/22/2014

Made this today for my husband, who awoke at 2:30am with chills and achy
joints. It seems to have helped a little. Next time I'll add just a little
more red pepper flakes, but the recipe as stated was mild enough for my DS to
eat.

readernut

Rating: 5 stars

10/16/2008

Par excellence! This tasted just like what I get at our Chinese restaurant.

Cindee Reynolds

Rating: 5 stars

04/10/2010

This was fantastic! I used cooked cubed chicken as I was in a hurry, and it
still turned out great. Perfect amount of spiciness with a real kick, but not
enough to really bother most people. We didn't care for the flavor of the
cilantro garnish with the soup, but it was still fantastic.

Kari Roberts

Rating: 5 stars

09/24/2008

This was so yummy! I doubled the recipe and my 11 year old daughter ate it for
lunch and dinner two days in a row. We are making a quadruple batch this time
to share with her friends.

linkka69

Rating: 5 stars

10/21/2010

This soup is fantastic! I ended up making 2 batches within a couple days of
each other and we ate it all! This is a great base to start with, and can be
done exactly as described and still taste wonderfully. I actually tweaked this
to make it a bit more hot by adding a extra crushed red pepper, a bit of
tobasco, and some cayenne. I also added the red pepper to the chicken while it
sat in the sesame seed oil. I also used baby bella's and cooked up some soba
noodles and added them to each individual soup dish before serving. My first
batch turned out outstanding! The tweaking of the flavor was the hardest part
for me, because my second batch didn't turn out quite as phenomenal, but still
excellent.

Violetzee

Rating: 4 stars

11/05/2007

Yum! I added shrimp AND tofu to make it a meal. And upped the heat using chili
paste to make it truly hot. Also, used rice vinegar instead of red wine
vinegar as per the recommendations of other reviewers.

A Sgts Wifey

Rating: 5 stars

03/30/2009

OMGoodness!!! this soup is FANTASTIC!!! No changes except I didnt put in
bamboo shoots because I didnt have any... tasting the soup now... the shoots
would add a nice texture.. but still totally delish w/o. GREAT RECIPE!!!

Nicole

Rating: 5 stars

09/09/2007

I tweaked this recipe a little bit so that the indredients were similar to a
china bistro we frequent. I was looking for a recipe with similar
indregiendents and this was it. Thanks for the help! I used shitake mushrooms,
4 tsp soy sauce, added tofu, omitted red pepper and in its place I used white
pepper, 1/3 tsp. The recipe came out great, even though it was slightly
modified.

just_jam

Rating: 5 stars

11/21/2013

another yummy success.. followed the recipe to a T.. the green onions and
cilantro are a must.. they made the soup pop! ty so much for the recipe

SHYLIE

Rating: 4 stars

03/21/2010

My husband and daughter werent feeling well. I made it for them they loved it.

Helen Koenig

Rating: 5 stars

08/23/2013

Very good! I've tried it with tofu - which is how one Asian restaurant here
locally serves it. Also today I had it with chicken. Excellent! I mixed the
corn starch with the vinegar first - (to soften and introduce the starch to
the liquid) then added the resulting mix to the soup, whisking all the while -
soup thickened almost immediately! I then turned the heat down low, still
whisking, then added the beaten egg and allowed to simmer for 2-3 minutes to
thoroughly cook the egg (and/or chicken) and to allow the corn starch to
finish cooking. Excellent!

Food4me

Rating: 4 stars

04/08/2007

I'd rather give this 4 1/2 stars, it was really good! the only changes I made
were to sub extra broth for the water, seasoned rice vinegar for the red wine
vinegar and an extra cup of mushrooms (I like lots of "stuff" in my soup). It
tasted wonderful, and we had to stop ourselves from polishing the pot off in
one sitting.

swifty

Rating: 4 stars

09/09/2013

It's missing something from my recipe of long ago but still better than any
restaurant around here. I upped the vinegar and added black pepper since m y
old recipe called for white pepper. also added cubed tofu at the last minute
with the scallions. Very satisfying on a sick day with a sore throat.

thisgurlluvs2cook

Rating: 4 stars

02/20/2009

Pretty good but it's too sour and not enough hot. I think I will use rice
vinegar next time instead of the red wine. It also doesn't taste as good the
next day. Better to eat it right after it's made.

JennyJenn

Rating: 5 stars

08/14/2005

This recipe is outstanding. I used crushed red pepper and ground ginger and
eliminated the bamboo shoots and chicken, as that is what I had on hand. Will
definately make again and again.

Kathleen

Rating: 5 stars

06/05/2006

Very easy to make and tastes just like the soup from the restaurant.

Suzy

Rating: 5 stars

02/04/2006

Excellent flavor but I doubled the pepper flakes and the vinegar. Easy to make
and a definate repeat at our table.

Connie

Rating: 3 stars

04/23/2009

I like the original version better with Tofu. The chicken is too heavy.
Overall, the soup was easy to make and full of flavor.

Robin Leonard

Rating: 5 stars

10/31/2014

I liked this soup very much. It is very easy to make and ready to eat in no
time at all. I like vegetables a lot so I added carrot,cabbage,celery and
onion. I used lime juice rather than the suggested red wine vinegar.

sgardcooks

Rating: 5 stars

03/23/2007

I made this recipe for a group of friends. The soup was gone quickly. It
tastes just like I get from the resturant. I did double the red pepper flakes
also, my family likes it hot!!! Thanks

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

##  All Reviews for Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

Servings Per Recipe: 4  
Calories: 216.9  

% Daily Value *

protein:  26.8g  54 %

carbohydrates:  9.3g  3 %

dietary fiber:  1.1g  5 %

sugars:  2.4g

fat:  7.7g  12 %

saturated fat:  1.6g  8 %

cholesterol:  109.6mg  37 %

vitamin a iu:  424.4IU  9 %

niacin equivalents:  13.4mg  103 %

vitamin b6:  0.4mg  24 %

vitamin c:  4.1mg  7 %

folate:  23.7mcg  6 %

calcium:  31.3mg  3 %

iron:  1.5mg  8 %

magnesium:  29.8mg  11 %

potassium:  394.5mg  11 %

sodium:  1095.3mg  44 %

thiamin:  0.1mg  10 %

calories from fat:  69.4

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 210

Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

1 of 35 Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

filmgirl

Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

2 of 35 Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

Susan Brose

Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

3 of 35 Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

Paleosue

Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

4 of 35 Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

Sannia Hanif

Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

5 of 35 Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

Bonnie M Grant

Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

6 of 35 Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

Jelly

Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

7 of 35 Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

Don Troudy

Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

8 of 35 Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

Debs16

Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

9 of 35 Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

Lisa Jolley Odaffer

Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

10 of 35 Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

Sofia Lee

Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

11 of 35 Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

Feralthinker

Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

12 of 35 Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

psynumb

Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

13 of 35 Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

shahins

Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

14 of 35 Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

Rebecca

Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

15 of 35 Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

gingerious

Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

16 of 35 Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

Animakitty

Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

17 of 35 Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

Denise King

Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

18 of 35 Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

Robin Newton

Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

19 of 35 Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

violetgrr

Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

20 of 35 Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

Kay Govocek

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Hot and Sour Chicken Soup to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Hot and Sour Chicken Soup

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

