https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/241152/fried-chicken-wings/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Meat and Poultry
  4. Chicken
  5. Wings
  6. Buffalo
  7. Fried Chicken Wings

# Fried Chicken Wings

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.6

56 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 45 
  * 4 star values: 7 
  * 3 star values: 2 
  * 2 star values: 1 
  * 1 star values: 1 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 56 Ratings 
  * 49 Reviews 
  * 21 Photos 

Fried chicken wings prepared Buffalo-style that taste absolutely wonderful!

Recipe by cruch9

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Read the full recipe after the video.

Add Photo

Fried Chicken Wings Lallen

Fried Chicken Wings Maddycomo

Fried Chicken Wings Steve G

Fried Chicken Wings MamaU

\+ 17 17 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

10 mins

cook:

10 mins

additional:

30 mins

total:

50 mins

Servings:

6

Yield:

12 wings

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

6

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 6 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 12 small chicken wings 
  * ¼ teaspoon seasoned salt, or to taste 
  * 1 cup all-purpose flour 
  * 1 teaspoon coarse salt 
  * ½ teaspoon ground black pepper 
  * ¼ teaspoon cayenne pepper 
  * ¼ teaspoon ground paprika 
  * 1 (12 fluid ounce) bottle Buffalo wing sauce (such as Frank's®), or to taste 
  * 2 quarts vegetable oil for frying 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Season chicken wings lightly with seasoned salt.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Mix together flour, salt, black pepper, cayenne pepper, and paprika in a wide,
shallow bowl. Press wings into flour mixture to coat and arrange onto a large
plate with space between. Refrigerate coated wings for 15 to 30 minutes.

  * Step 3

Dredge wings again in flour mixture and return to the plate. Refrigerate wings
once more for 15 to 30 minutes.

  * Step 4

Heat oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).

  * Step 5

Fry chicken wings in hot oil until crisp and juices run clear, 9 to 12
minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the
meat, near the bone, should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).

  * Step 6

Transfer fried wings to a large bowl. Drizzle sauce over wings and toss to
coat.

I Made It  Print

##  Editor's Notes:

The nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of breading and
sauce. The actual amount of the breading and sauce consumed will vary.

We have determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a
retention value of 10% after cooking. The exact amount will vary depending on
cooking time and temperature, ingredient density, and the specific type of oil
used.

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

531 calories; protein 15.8g; carbohydrates 25.1g; fat 41.3g; cholesterol
37.3mg; sodium 1768.3mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (49)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Baking Nana

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

01/25/2016

This method of coating with seasoned flour resting and then another coating of
seasoned flour worked very well. I placed the wings on a cooling rack instead
of a plate so the breading would stick to the wings and not the plate. My 10
inch cast iron skillet held 10 wings at a time. If making a bunch of wings,
heat the oven to 275 and hold the wings in the oven while you do the next
batch.

Read More

Helpful (30)

### Most helpful critical review

Tyler Cruz

Rating: 3 stars

10/24/2018

I doubled the recipe and nearly halved the salt. The chicken wings came out
looking beautiful, and their texture was pretty good, although I do feel they
could have been crunchier. This may have been my fault though since the oil -
especially during the 2nd batch, dropped in temperature to around 320 or so
instead of 375, which I think may have contributed to things. I ate most of
the chicken wings without any sauce since I can't have too much sodium, and I
felt they had virtually no flavour. I may make again in the future, being sure
to keep the oil hot, and perhaps adding more salt, but I think I prefer baking
chicken wings as deep frying is always so messy.

Read More

Helpful (2)

56 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 45 
  * 4 star values: 7 
  * 3 star values: 2 
  * 2 star values: 1 
  * 1 star values: 1 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Baking Nana

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

01/25/2016

This method of coating with seasoned flour resting and then another coating of
seasoned flour worked very well. I placed the wings on a cooling rack instead
of a plate so the breading would stick to the wings and not the plate. My 10
inch cast iron skillet held 10 wings at a time. If making a bunch of wings,
heat the oven to 275 and hold the wings in the oven while you do the next
batch.

el jefe

Rating: 4 stars

07/26/2016

I made this today! Great recipe however, I modified it a little. I did not
have the time to place it in the fridge twice. So I only did that once. Then
added seasoning after in a plastic bag and rolled it around. Once finished
with all my wings I threw the wings i the oven to warm them up! I also placed
the wings I different sauces to meet everyones needs. here are the final
touches.

akward

Rating: 5 stars

10/26/2017

Made this for Labor Day and everyone loved. I scaled this up for about 40
wings and I didn't sauce them so they stayed extra crispy. Served with hot
sauce and blue cheese dressing in the side. This is the only fried wing recipe
I will ever make for now on! Thanks!

Tyler Cruz

Rating: 3 stars

10/24/2018

I doubled the recipe and nearly halved the salt. The chicken wings came out
looking beautiful, and their texture was pretty good, although I do feel they
could have been crunchier. This may have been my fault though since the oil -
especially during the 2nd batch, dropped in temperature to around 320 or so
instead of 375, which I think may have contributed to things. I ate most of
the chicken wings without any sauce since I can't have too much sodium, and I
felt they had virtually no flavour. I may make again in the future, being sure
to keep the oil hot, and perhaps adding more salt, but I think I prefer baking
chicken wings as deep frying is always so messy.

ionacaddy

Rating: 5 stars

08/27/2016

These are the best fried chicken wings I've ever made! A little extra work but
well worth the effort, they turned out great! Thanks for sharing this recipe!

Kevin J. Sprunt

Rating: 5 stars

10/31/2018

Great Wings..I followed the recipe as stated then added additional seasonings
to the flour...about 1/2 - 1 tbsp of black pepper..onion
powder..garlic..kosher salt..cumin..all spice..basically anything that came to
mind..lol. I refrigerated for 90 minutes..then refloured and another 60
minutes in the fridge then a last dredge just before frying..then coated them
in Frank's Buffalo Wing Sauce...they were awesome!!!

Okie Dokie

Rating: 5 stars

08/08/2018

Both my husband and I loved these. He said, please only make them like this
from now on. LOL

cora

Rating: 5 stars

05/18/2020

K so I looked for a quick guidline to make crispy wings... wasn’t looking for
flavour just breading ideas.. Love the idea in letting them rest in fridge and
then re battering.. would not of thought of that... anyhow.. i also added a
tad bit of corn starch to the flour.. didn’t measure maybe a few table
spoons.. my mom does this for her buttermilk fried chicken. They turned out so
crispy and light, I put paper towel on a rack and let them rest on there after
cooking. Made my own sauce. And tossed. My husband said omg these are the best
wings I’ve ever had.. then his dad.. and his friend.. the kept there crisp
even after sauce. I got creative with sauce (soy sauce(China lily) honey,
fresh minced garlic, simmered.. added little cord starch tho thicken( mix
starch with water before adding to pot) when it cooled a-bit i whisked
Sriracha in.. to ad a zip... when tossing wings I decided to add more sriracha
as I tossed. And then tossed some green onion in for garnish n flavour.
Sesames seeds would be nice to. Sorry for the long winded post lol.. but man!
They were so good!

Huda Omran

Rating: 4 stars

08/05/2019

Very good recipe, the skin was crispy and it fried up beautifully. It really
works

bonnie

Rating: 5 stars

08/08/2016

Very good recipe..easy to make. I did pop the wings in the oven after tossing
in the sauce to crispen them up a bit. That is just personal preference
though. The recipe is great either way!

Margi

Rating: 5 stars

06/27/2017

I cooked them in Peanut Oil for 21 minutes (I like my chicken wings nice and
crispy). Also - I added a touch of cayenne pepper to the rub (used Lawry's
Seasoning Salt). Tried these with Chicken Thighs as well - worked
wonderfully!! Next I am going to try chicken legs.

ksb1020

Rating: 4 stars

01/11/2017

They taste amazing but feel free to dredge a third time just before frying for
more crispiness. Will definitely be making this again.

alm

Rating: 5 stars

09/22/2018

This was soo easy, and made the best wings I have had, and I eat wings at
least 3 or 4 times a month. I followed the recipe to a T, except for some of
the seasonings in the flower. They came out nice and crispy, with lots of
flavor. I tossed some in BBQ and some in buffalo. Not one left!!

reezyfasheezy

Rating: 5 stars

02/06/2017

These turned out pretty amazing. Only thing I added was garlic salt as the
seasoned salt.

jgiuffre

Rating: 5 stars

12/07/2018

Came out very good! I usually take mine and buy sauce at Buffalo Wing Wings to
shake all over the wings and it was perfect!

Joanne Jenkins

Rating: 5 stars

06/11/2018

I’ve tried other Fried chicken wings recipes looking for “the One”. I found it
here with this recipe. Flavourful, not greasy, easy, you won’t be disappointed
with this one. wonderful! Best chicken wings ever!

Catheryn Sparkman

Rating: 4 stars

07/16/2020

I went exactly by the recipe except added butter with the hot sauce. It was a
little thick, should have stayed with yours! I will definitely make these
again. Thumbs up.

Lallen

Rating: 5 stars

08/07/2022

Sooo delicious! I used a mixture of corn starch and flour. I don’t know if
that made a difference with how deliciously crispy the wings turned out. This
is the only fried wing recipe I will use from now on ❤️

Yolander Yo

Rating: 5 stars

01/20/2020

I also used a wire rack to drain and that really worked well. I salted the
wings generously and let them dry brine in the fridge overnight and the flavor
and crispness after frying was world class! That light coat of well seasoned
flour is genius! Only half of our wings made it to saucing as they tasted that
good alone. This would work with smaller drumsticks and thighs if you want
better than take out fried chicken!

lechefdon36

Rating: 3 stars

04/11/2020

(Rookie Deep Fryer review) Wing it up! I tried this recipe tonight and for the
most part it was decent. I followed the directions and ingredients as
suggested yet added some garlic salt to the coating and seasoning salt which
was a good choice. The batter could be a bit less clumpy although it could
have been the whipping cream I bathed them in before tossing them in the
flour. I then deep fried them for 12 minutes abd hey what do you know, no
complaints from the 6 year old so win!

Captain2h

Rating: 5 stars

07/30/2017

Time consuming but a great breading method. I used an air fryer and they
turned out great!

Kelsea Styles

Rating: 5 stars

05/02/2020

This is my first review because honestly I’ve never cared enough to make one.
But this changed my mind! These wings were the best I’ve ever had! I followed
the directions exactly and they turned out amazing! Would highly recommend
this!!

Laurie E

Rating: 5 stars

03/27/2022

Very easy and cool to be instructed to pre prepare. Little work

Steve G

Rating: 5 stars

08/04/2021

These wings were super spicy and super delicious. They were a big hit with
family and co-workers.

Rachel Kuriger

Rating: 5 stars

12/12/2020

Excellent! I followed the recipe closely and it turned out great Chilling them
in the fridge really makes a difference. Planning to bring these to a family
hang out tomorrow versus ordering. Much cheaper DIY!!!

fivebakegarage

Rating: 5 stars

01/25/2022

Ok, so I just made this following all directions to a T. The chicken was
delicious BUT , no exaggeration, nearly all the breading came off in the oil.
That's where the flavor was. If anyone has a suggested fix I'd love to try
again. Thanks!

MamaU

Rating: 5 stars

10/04/2020

Followed recipe as written and it was delicious! I was concerned about not
breading but they were delicious. I had to cook about 12 minutes. I can't wait
to make again and mix up the seasoning.

gsternberg

Rating: 5 stars

11/02/2020

So crispy! We don't like breading on our wings, and the dredging in flour only
crisps up what's there. I added a tsp of cornstarch like another reviewer
suggested. Next time I'll toss the raw wings in the wing sauce first, then
dredge. KEEPER!

Gina Meadows

Rating: 5 stars

09/10/2017

These were some of the BEST wings I have ever had. The double dredging in the
flour is a great idea. I did not put them back in the fridge for the second
time. I just started frying them. I also added garlic salt to the flour
mixture. I used peanut oil for frying. I made two cups of the flour mixture
instead of one because we had a large amount of wings we were making.

Marilyn Watts

Rating: 2 stars

07/11/2019

Followed exact. Soft not crispy wings when done. UGH!

Nadine Brown

Rating: 4 stars

07/17/2019

Made my own sauce and used my own spices but this technique is wonderful

Christine Garrison

Rating: 5 stars

10/15/2016

These are wonderful. I do not like spicy so I left out the peppers, cooked
them for 9 minutes in my fryer. Then I tossed my husbands in buffalo sauce and
mine in sweet BBQ sauce and we were both happy.

Tiffany

Rating: 5 stars

09/10/2020

These were the best wings I have ever made! My husband loves them too. Many
battered wing recipes I’ve made become mushy when the buffalo sauce is added.
This didn’t happen at all, what a smart idea to put them in the fridge. It
takes a bit more time but well worth it. I did 2 x 15 minutes only and it
worked well.

Juliana Chromik

Rating: 5 stars

02/25/2020

This is the best recipe!

Cathy

Rating: 4 stars

02/01/2019

All the flavors were there it was a great Treat to make fried wings for a
change... instead of a healthy baked wing!

Az cooker girl

Rating: 5 stars

01/02/2019

Crispy and delicious

Karen KittyBoo

Rating: 5 stars

02/03/2019

Easy and delicious!

James E Mudek

Rating: 1 stars

06/27/2020

OMG too much salt!

Cassie Jo

Rating: 5 stars

06/06/2017

I love the double dry batter process! It gave the right amount of breading.
And I used my own sauces after cooked- buffalo hot & sweet BBQ. I kept the
cayenne pepper out becuz I thought the wing sauce was enough, but the salt is
crucial! I probably added more than needed. I will definitely make these
again!!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

05/04/2020

I made these wings...so good! Next time, I’ll use a little less salt and
Frank’s Hot Sauce instead of Louisiana’s.

Amanda Lee

Rating: 5 stars

01/03/2018

These were awesome and very easy, we had 14 whole wings making 28 pieces in
total and one cup of flour was plenty. I always add extra spice I added
probably one tbsp of garlic powder to the mixture. We don't have a deep fryer
only a Skillet and using one cup of oil and frying one side at a time worked
great

Cooking Chris

Rating: 5 stars

03/12/2019

This was a great recipe. I used Moore's Buffalo Sauce for my wings. I diluted
it with 2 tablespoons melted butter to 1 cup of sauce.

Michelle M

Rating: 5 stars

07/09/2018

Made this recipe for the first time exactly as written — these turned out
incredible! Nice and crispy, just like the ones we get at the pub. Looking
forward to making it again.

ChickenLittle

Rating: 5 stars

06/14/2019

Best wings I’ve ever made, wife and kiddos agreed! Sauced with mild Moore’s
Buffalo sauce

Robert

Rating: 4 stars

11/06/2018

Also used some boneless breasts cut into squares for boneless chicken chunks.
Followed the same recipe and process . Turned out great.

shelesem@yahoo.com

Rating: 5 stars

05/04/2020

I made these wings...so good! Next time, I’ll use a little less salt and
Frank’s Hot Sauce instead of Louisiana’s.

John Goddard

Rating: 5 stars

11/02/2020

What tasty crispy wings

brendandidyoung

Rating: 5 stars

01/15/2022

Straight up....best wings ever. Make sure you do the fridge stuff. I did 4
times to dry them out extra and it was amazing!

Maddycomo

Rating: 5 stars

07/12/2022

These are AMAZING!  
I made no modifications to the recipe, and they came out absolutely perfect.
Super crispy, even after saucing. Made them two nights in a row. 10/10

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Fried Chicken Wings

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Fried Chicken Wings

##  All Reviews for Fried Chicken Wings

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Fried Chicken Wings

Servings Per Recipe: 6  
Calories: 531.2  

% Daily Value *

protein:  15.8g  32 %

carbohydrates:  25.1g  8 %

dietary fiber:  0.7g  3 %

sugars:  0.1g

fat:  41.3g  64 %

saturated fat:  6.6g  33 %

cholesterol:  37.3mg  12 %

vitamin a iu:  149.4IU  3 %

niacin equivalents:  6.9mg  53 %

vitamin b6:  0.2mg  13 %

vitamin c:  0.2mg

folate:  41.1mcg  10 %

calcium:  12.1mg  1 %

iron:  1.6mg  9 %

magnesium:  14mg  5 %

potassium:  110.6mg  3 %

sodium:  1768.3mg  71 %

thiamin:  0.2mg  19 %

calories from fat:  372.1

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Fried Chicken Wings

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 49

Fried Chicken Wings

1 of 21 Fried Chicken Wings

Lallen

Fried Chicken Wings

2 of 21 Fried Chicken Wings

Maddycomo

Fried Chicken Wings

3 of 21 Fried Chicken Wings

Steve G

Fried Chicken Wings

4 of 21 Fried Chicken Wings

MamaU

Fried Chicken Wings

5 of 21 Fried Chicken Wings

morgan

Fried Chicken Wings

6 of 21 Fried Chicken Wings

Catheryn Sparkman

Fried Chicken Wings

7 of 21 Fried Chicken Wings

shelesem@yahoo.com

Fried Chicken Wings

8 of 21 Fried Chicken Wings

Emily Cuccia

Fried Chicken Wings

9 of 21 Fried Chicken Wings

Karen KittyBoo

Fried Chicken Wings

10 of 21 Fried Chicken Wings

Mjpsmith12

Fried Chicken Wings

11 of 21 Fried Chicken Wings

Az cooker girl

Fried Chicken Wings

12 of 21 Fried Chicken Wings

Robert

Fried Chicken Wings

13 of 21 Fried Chicken Wings

Kevin J. Sprunt

Fried Chicken Wings

14 of 21 Fried Chicken Wings

Joanne Jenkins

Fried Chicken Wings

15 of 21 Fried Chicken Wings

Michelle Oliveira Belisle

Fried Chicken Wings

16 of 21 Fried Chicken Wings

Tim Meister

Fried Chicken Wings

17 of 21 Fried Chicken Wings

Yari Henley

Fried Chicken Wings

18 of 21 Fried Chicken Wings

el jefe

Fried Chicken Wings

19 of 21 Fried Chicken Wings

Baking Nana

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Fried Chicken Wings to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Fried Chicken Wings

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

