https://www.boddunan.com/articles/health-fitness/39-food/18917-green-and-red-pepper-chicken-fry.html


Search

Toggle Navigation

  * Home
  * Articles
  * Forum
  * Answers
  * Polls
  * Quizzes
  * Crosswords
  * Quotes
  * Login

## Green and red pepper chicken Fry

This **recipe** is very interesting as it combines red and green pepper with
chicken. The marinated chicken is fried and stirred with red and green pepper
and finally splashed with vinegar, sugar and salt. Read on to know the
Ingredients and steps to prepare this **recipe.**

**Ingredients:**

Few pieces of boneless chicken (without skin)

Green bell pepper (Qty: 1)

Onions (Qty: 2)

Red pepper (Qty: 1)

Chopped ginger (1 tbsp)

Oil to fry (4 cups)

Balsamic vinegar (1 Â½ tbsp)

Granulated sugar (1 teaspoon)

Salt (1/4 teaspoon)

Garlic and chilli paste (1/4teaspoon)

Sesame oil (1teaspoon)

**Ingredients to marinate:**

Egg white (Qty: 2)

Light soy sauce

Dark soy sauce

Cornstarch (1 tablespoon)

Step 1: Cut the chicken into medium sized cubes.

Step2: Take a big bowl and combine the chicken and the marinade ingredients.
Refrigerate the mixture for 15 to 30 minutes.

Step 3: Cut the red and green peppers into two halves. Deseed them and make
them into small cubes.

Step 4: Slice the onions diagonally and chop the ginger finely.

Step 5: Heat the oil to 360 degree Fahrenheit. Take the chicken from the
refrigerator and keep it in room temperature for some time. Then, add the
pieces one by one in the oil and fry them till golden brown. Stir the chicken
cubes so that they do not stick to each other. Drain the cooked cubes in paper
towels.

Step 6: Remove all leaving 2 tablespoon of oil in the pan. Fry the ginger, add
green pepper and stir.

Step 7: After sometime add red pepper and stir for 2 to 3 minutes.

Step8: Add vinegar, salt and sugar to the mixture. Put the fried chicken cubes
in this mixture and stir.

Step9: Mix garlic and chilli paste and add onions. Finally mix with sesame oil
and serve with hot rice.

This is a colourful and spicy **recipe** for weekend and other parties. Try
this and enjoy the mouth watering taste of this delicious dish.

  * Written by Ramya Saravanan.
  * In category Food.
  * 11 years ago.

__Hot Hits: 1280

* * *

Like it on Facebook, Tweet it or share this article on other bookmarking
websites.

### Comments (0)

__

There are no comments posted here yet

### __  Login to post a comment

Username

Password

Login Sign Up

### Random Poll

#### Do you think current ruling party is going more autocratic

Message!

  * Yes 
  * No 
  * No Opinion 

__

No answer selected. Please try again.

Please select either existing option or enter your own, however not both.

Please select minimum {0} answer(s).

Please select maximum {0} answer(s).

/polls/current-affairs/6681-do-you-think-current-ruling-party-is-going-more-
autocratic.json?task=poll.vote

6681

radio

__Yes ( 16 votes / 41.03%)

41.03% votes

__No ( 14 votes / 35.9%)

35.9% votes

__No Opinion ( 9 votes / 23.08%)

23.08% votes

[{"id":"23268","title":"Yes","votes":"16","type":"x","order":"1","pct":41.03,"resources":[]},{"id":"23269","title":"No","votes":"14","type":"x","order":"2","pct":35.9,"resources":[]},{"id":"23270","title":"No
Opinion ","votes":"9","type":"x","order":"3","pct":23.08,"resources":[]}]
["#ff5b00","#4ac0f2","#b80028","#eef66c","#60bb22","#b96a9a","#62c2cc"]
["rgba(255,91,0,0.7)","rgba(74,192,242,0.7)","rgba(184,0,40,0.7)","rgba(238,246,108,0.7)","rgba(96,187,34,0.7)","rgba(185,106,154,0.7)","rgba(98,194,204,0.7)"]
350

__

__Result __Vote Form __Vote

**Category:** Current Affairs

Total votes: 39

Last vote 6 months ago

Comment

bottom 200

### Latest Articles

Top reasons for divorce: Part-2 (3213 Hits)

No married couple wants to end up getting divorced. It is not like they have
planned for it. They try to put up with their partners for as long as they

How to improve digestive health (2284 Hits)

Due to our modern lifestyle, we feel that digestion related disorders are a
common problem. Thus, we neither give importance to them nor seek any help

Top reasons for divorce: Part-1 (1827 Hits)

The bond of marriage brings the two people together. Initially, everything may
seem okay and both of them slowly start discovering each other in the journey.

### Related Articles

SAINA NEHWAL, an Indian to be felt proud of.

SAINA

Career Slam for Nadal

Rafael Nadal won his maiden U S Championshipwhen he defeated Novak Djokovic in
the finals of 2010 U s Open. With his victory over Djokovic, Nadal achieved

Nadal eyes Career Grand Slam

World No.3 Novak Djokovic will take on World No.1 Rafael Nadal in the finals
of the 2010 U S Open. It is the the first time that Nadal the favourite

Indo Pak Express in US Open Finals

The ongoing U S Open Championships have brought in plenty of surprises and
shocks but if one is to look at the end result Indians will be reasonably
happy.

26 in a row for Federer

Roger Federer by easing to the quarterfinals of the U S Open extended his
record run of quarter finals to 26 in a row. Roger Federer's run of
consecutive

* * *

  * About Us
  * Faqs
  * Article Submission
  * Points and Ranking System
  * Contests & Rewards
  * Contact Us
  * Disclaimer
  * Terms & Conditions

Back to Top

(C) 2022 Boddunan

