https://www.spendwithpennies.com/easy-pepper-chicken-stir-fry/


Skip to content

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Recipe Index (Search)
    * View ALL Recipes
    * Appetizers & Snacks
    * Air Fryer
    * Main Dishes
      * Casseroles
      * Beef
      * Chicken
      * Pasta and Pizza
      * Pork
      * Seafood
      * Meatless Main Dishes
    * Slow Cooker
    * Side Dishes
    * Soups & Stews
    * Instant Pot
    * Salads
    * Desserts
    * Dips and Dressings
    * Beverages
    * Breakfast
  * Meal Plan
  * Videos
  * Shop
    * eBooks
    * Kitchen Favorites
  * About
    * About Me
    * Meet The Team
    * Photo Use Policy
  *   *   *     *     *     *     *     *     * 

Home > Recipes > Healthy Recipes > Easy Pepper Chicken Stir Fry

# Easy Pepper Chicken Stir Fry

by RichaJun 26, 2018 • Updated Jul 13, 2020  
72 Comments

4.77 from 78 votes↑ Click stars to rate now!  
Or to leave a comment, click here!

Jump to RecipePinLeave a commentSave to Favorites

This post may contain affiliate links. Please read our disclosure policy.

 _ **Pepper Chicken Stir Fry** recipe is ridiculously easy to make with
ingredients that you already have in your pantry. Fast, full of flavour and
best served with some steamed rice._

Stir fries are such a great way to make dinner because they are so quick to
put together. Chicken and Broccoli Stir Fry and Teriyaki Chicken stir fry are
some of my favourites!

We usually have a couple of sauces like soy sauce and oyster sauce always in
our pantry so that recipes like this can come together in a jiffy.

I know how hard it can be to think of unique dinner recipes every day which is
why once in a while, you need a back pocket recipe that you can keep going
back to. And this healthy chicken stir fry recipe is fast, easy, and is made
with ingredients that don't need a trip to the grocery store.

My family is always ready to give chicken a go, in every shape and form from
Old Fashioned Chicken and Dumplings to Chicken Divan, so we always have a few
chicken breasts in the freezer.

## How to Make Chicken Stir Fry

This recipe starts with making the chicken stir fry marinade with soy sauce,
minced garlic and ground pepper and marinating the chicken in it for at least
fifteen minutes. This helps build more flavour in the chicken and creates a
nice base for this recipe.

The total cooking and stir frying time is only 20 minutes, and you can chop up
all your ingredients while the chicken is marinating. We add some finely
chopped ginger and garlic, diced onions, green and red bell peppers and a few
sauces to finish this off, once the chicken is cooked. And then you just toss
everything together.

We coat the marinated chicken pieces in a little cornstarch to get them nice
and crisp in the pan before stir frying them with the rest of the ingredients.

This adds a little crispness to the chicken and helps keep the flavours
intact. The chicken is cooked on a high flame to get a nice sear, and since
these are small pieces of chicken breasts, they cook in under ten minutes.

I love using both green and red bell peppers because they add a sharp flavour
with a hint of sweetness to this recipe. But feel free to mix that up with
yellow or just go with one variety. You could even make this a chicken
broccoli stir fry if that's what you fancy!

Once everything is tossed in that delicious easy chicken stir fry sauce,
you'll be going at it right from the pan itself. The sauce that coats the
chicken is incredibly delicious, and spooned over some steamed rice, sichuan
rice or even Cauliflower Rice, it makes for the perfect dinner!

## MORE EASY ASIAN INSPIRED RECIPES!

  * Chicken Pad Thai
  * Easy Mongolian Beef
  * Chicken Lo Mein
  * Pineapple Teriyaki Shrimp Foil Packets
  * General Tso's Chicken

This chicken stir fry with vegetables also makes for great leftovers and
actually tastes better as time goes by.

4.77 from 78 votes↑ Click stars to rate now!  
Or to leave a comment, click here!

## Easy Pepper Chicken Stir Fry

This Pepper Chicken Stir Fry recipe is ridiculously easy to make with
ingredients that you already have in your pantry. Fast, full of flavour and
best served with some steamed rice.

SaveSaved! Pin Review Print

Prep Time 10 minutes

Cook Time 20 minutes

15 minutes

Total Time 30 minutes

Servings 4 people

Author Richa Gupta

### Ingredients  

1x2x3x

#### For the Marinade

  * ▢ 4 chicken breasts cut into 1 inch pieces
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons light soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon garlic minced
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon  ground black pepper

#### For the Stir Fry

  * ▢ ¼ cup oyster sauce
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons light soy sauce
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon vinegar
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon ground black pepper
  * ▢ ½ cup water
  * ▢ 3 tablespoons cornstarch divided
  * ▢ 3 tablespoons vegetable oil divided
  * ▢ 1 large onion cut into 1 inch pieces
  * ▢ 1 medium green bell pepper cut into 1 inch pieces
  * ▢ 1 medium red bell pepper cut into 1 inch pieces
  * ▢ 4 cloves garlic finely chopped
  * ▢ 1 inch piece ginger finely chopped

### Instructions

  * Combine all the ingredients listed under marinade including the chicken and set aside for at least 15 minutes.

  * Whisk together oyster sauce, soy sauce, vinegar, black pepper, half cup water and one tablespoon of cornstarch and set aside.

  * Once the chicken has marinated, toss it in remaining two tablespoons cornstarch.

  * Heat two tablespoons oil in a large pan and add the chicken pieces. Don't overcrowd the pan and if your pan is not large enough, do this in batches. Cook the chicken pieces on high heat for 3 minutes on each side. Remove the pieces from the pan and set aside.  

  * Add the remaining tablespoon of oil to the pan on high heat, and add the onions and bell peppers. Toss them in the pan for a minute or two till they brighten up in colour and have cooked slightly. Toss in the ginger and garlic and cook for another minute. 

  * Add the chicken pieces and sauce mixture to the pan. Toss everything well, and simmer for a minute or two till the sauce thickens and coats the chicken well. Serve hot with steamed rice or veggies on the side.

4.77 from 78 votes↑ Click stars to rate now!  
Or to leave a comment, click here!

### Nutrition Information

Calories: 460 | Carbohydrates: 16g | Protein: 51g | Fat: 20g | Saturated Fat:
10g | Cholesterol: 144mg | Sodium: 1670mg | Potassium: 1055mg | Fiber: 2g |
Sugar: 3g | Vitamin A: 1110IU | Vitamin C: 68.6mg | Calcium: 33mg | Iron:
1.7mg

Nutrition information provided is an estimate and will vary based on cooking
methods and brands of ingredients used.

Course Dinner

Cuisine Asian

© SpendWithPennies.com. Content and photographs are copyright protected.
Sharing of this recipe is both encouraged and appreciated. Copying and/or
pasting full recipes to any social media is strictly prohibited. Please view
my photo use policy here.

Like our recipes?  
Follow us on Pinterest!

Follow us on Pinterest

**Repin this Simple Stir Fry Recipe**

### More Recipes You'll Love

### Teriyaki Shrimp Broccoli Stir Fry

### Skillet Orange Chicken

### Lemon Chicken Asparagus Stir Fry

share:

PinFacebookTweetYummlyEmail

Categories:

Chicken, Healthy Recipes, Recipes

## Recipes you'll love

### Vegetable Soup Recipe

Healthy Recipes

### The Best Chili Recipe

Soups & Stews

### Cowboy Caviar

Side Dishes

### Homemade Tomato Soup (Fresh Tomatoes)

Soups & Stews

### Make Ahead Egg Muffins

Breakfast

### Banana Breakfast Cookies

Breakfast

About the author

Richa is the cook, writer and photographer behind the blog - My Food Story.
She’s grown up in the kitchen alongside her mum and grandmothers and
conversations in her family are always about the next meal. Her idea of
cooking is something that’s fast, easy and mostly healthy because cooking
should never be a chore!

She recently quit the big city life to move to a small beach town with her
husband and spends time hanging out with her two dogs, sunning by the beach
and building a kitchen garden.  
See more posts by Richa

Follow Richa on social media:

pinterest facebook twitter instagram

Free eBook!

Subscribe to receive weekly recipes and get a FREE Bonus e-book: Quick & Easy
Weeknight Meals!

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Email *

GDPR Agreement *

  * Yes! Send me the latest recipes via email. *

Phone

Go

You can unsubscribe anytime by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom
of emails you receive.

## latest & greatest

### Loaded Cauliflower Salad Recipe

Salads

### Steak Salad

Salads

### Grilled Vegetables with Balsamic Marinade

Grilling & BBQ

### Easy Italian Salad

Salads

### Tomato Mozzarella Salad

Dips and Dressings

### Sauteed Zucchini and Tomatoes

Side Dishes

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

By submitting this comment you agree to share your name, email address,
website and IP address with Spend With Pennies. This information will not be
used for any purpose other than enabling you to post a comment.*

Δ

### Comments

  1. **Marilyn** says:

July 21, 2022 at 1:55 pm

This was absolutely horrible. The chicken (I used strips larger than the
pieces shown), was seriously dry and overcooked and the whole mess together
has absolutely NO taste - bland, bland, bland. Unfortunately, I have leftovers
and no idea how to resurrect this - overcooked chicken does not reheat.

Reply

    1. **Holly Nilsson** says:

July 21, 2022 at 2:00 pm

How disappointing for you Marilyn. I can't say for sure what went wrong as
1-inch cubes of chicken (or larger) shouldn't be really dry and overcooked
with a cooking time of 6 minutes. Did you use raw chicken for this recipe?

As for the flavor did you include the oyster sauce and soy sauce as well as
fresh ginger? Additional soy sauce could be added if you'd like.

Reply

  2. **Ammarah** says:

July 20, 2022 at 4:52 pm

This was absolutely divine. Must try ! I am a South Asian so I added more
spices and everyone loved it. There are no leftovers at all.

Reply

  3. **Diane Brunjes** says:

May 6, 2022 at 5:40 am

This was absolutely delicious! I only added a tablespoon of the cornstarch
slurry to the sauce as it cooked, and am glad I did, as I think it might have
been too thick a sauce for our tastes. I also backed off a bit of the black
pepper. Will add this to our rotation. Easy and outstanding!

Reply

  4. **Leah** says:

April 27, 2022 at 3:56 pm

This is one of the easiest and best dishes I have ever fixed so tasty.

Reply

#### Comment navigation

Older Comments

welcome to spend with pennies

Welcome to Spend With Pennies! Here you will find deliciously simple recipes
for the every day home cook. Easy to follow, tried, tested and loved! From my
home to yours…happy cooking! Read more about me

follow us on social media:

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

Find the perfect recipe

Search

## reader favorites

### Zucchini Soup

Soups & Stews

### Tomato Burrata Salad

Salads

### Crock Pot Chicken and Noodles

Slow Cooker

### Tomato Jam

Dips and Dressings

### Cilantro Lime Chicken

Chicken

### Loaded Cauliflower Salad Recipe

Salads

see more reader favorites

as seen on

## Classics done right!

### Crock Pot Chicken and Dumplings

Chicken

### The Best Banana Cake

Desserts

### Easy Banana Bread Recipe

Breakfast

### Crock Pot Mac and Cheese

Slow Cooker

### 4 Ingredient Chicken Rice Casserole

Casseroles

### Easy Hamburger Soup

Beef

get delicious new recipes daily

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Email *

GDPR Agreement *

  * Yes! Send me the latest recipes via email. *

Email

Go

You can unsubscribe anytime by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom
of emails you receive.

 **follow us on social media:**

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

as seen on

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Contact Us
  * Disclosure/Privacy Policy
  * FAQ

(C) 2022 spend with pennies

Pin

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

