https://www.primaverakitchen.com/chicken-and-bell-peppers-skillet/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

Primavera Kitchen

Making healthy foods taste delicious!

Search

  * All Recipes
  * _By_ Course
    * Breakfast
    * Appetizers
    * Lunch
    * Dinner
    * Desserts
    * Side dishes
    * Salads
    * Soups
    * Snacks
  * _By_ Dietary
    * Low-Carb
    * Keto
    * Whole30
    * Gluten free
    * Paleo
    * Dairy Free
    * Vegetarian
    * Vegan
  * _By_ Method
    * Air Fryer
    * Slow Cooker
    * Instant Pot
    * Grilling
    * No Cook
    * Baking
    * One-Pan
    * Meal prep
  * _By_ Ingredient
    * Chicken
    * Pork
    * Lamb
    * Salmon
    * Shrimp
    * beef
    * Browse All Ingredients
  * Low-Carb
  * Dinner
  * About

Home Chicken

# Chicken and Bell Peppers Skillet

**By:** Olivia **Updated:** 5/14/22

Jump to RecipeJump to VideoPrint RecipeLeave a Review

_Chicken and Bell Peppers Skillet is one of those dishes that will go to your
family dinner rotation because it happens to please everyone. It’s seasoned
with lots of spices and it’s also low-carb, paleo, and whole30 friendly._

If you love this recipe, I'm sure you'll love this post with The 50 Best
Chicken Breast Recipes From The Internet, and this Garlic Butter Baked Chicken
Breast and Spicy Chicken with Cauliflower Rice.

This is a delicious chicken dish with lots of flavors that is easy and quick
to make and will please you and your family. Why? Have you looked at these
crispy chicken thighs? So yummy! The skin is very crispy and the meat is moist
and tender. It’s everything we want in a chicken recipe!

Also, this chicken and bell peppers skillet is great for the busy weeknight
dinnertime since it’s ready in less than 30 minutes.

I think it’s even better than the unhealthy classic fried chicken and this
chicken and bell peppers dish just happens to be whole30, paleo, and low-carb.
Wow healthy, but yet DELICIOUS!

## What You’ll Need

  * **Chicken thighs —** I use bone-in skin-on free-range organic chicken. Got extra chicken thighs? You need to try my Garlic Butter Chicken Thighs! You can also make this recipe with skinless chicken thighs.
  * **Seasoning —** I use paprika, garlic powder, Italian seasoning, salt, pepper, and red chili flakes (or red pepper flakes).
  * **Olive oil**
  * **Bell peppers —** you can use whatever bell pepper you prefer but I recommend red and orange as they are sweeter than green bell peppers. Got extra bell peppers? Try making my Shrimp, Bell Pepper and Onions Skillet. Cut into strips.
  * **Red onions —** also cut into strips
  * **Garlic clove —** minced
  * **Fresh basil** - garnish with basil or fresh parsley.

## How Can I Make Chicken and Bell Peppers?

For this recipe, you will use bone-in, skin-on chicken thighs, lots of spices,
and a good cast iron skillet.

I love cooking chicken with the bone in because it keeps the chicken moist,
juicy and brings more flavour to the dish. But of course you can use a chicken
breast if you prefer. So, let’s make this recipe:

1\. All starts with you heating a large skillet over medium-high heat. It
needs to be very hot before you pour olive oil and chicken. This step is
important to give the chicken skin the brown looking you’re looking for.

2\. Then, place chicken in a bowl and season with all your favourite spices.
You can’t go wrong here. Add all the spices you prefer. I love using paprika,
garlic powder, salt and black pepper to taste.

3\. Pour olive oil to skillet and then add chicken in the skillet, skin side
down, and cook 4-6 minutes or until browned. The time will depend on how hot
your skillet is. Turn chicken over and cook for 1 minute. Set aside. At this
point, your chicken won’t be completely cooked.

4\. Remove skillet from the heat, place in your countertop and add all the
ingredients for the peppers (red bell pepper, yellow or green bell pepper) and
onion in the same skillet you cooked chicken. Stir everything well to combine
and bring chicken back to skillet on top of the peppers and onions.

5\. Place the skillet in the pre-heat over and bake at 400°F for 15-25 minutes
or until chicken gets the internal temperature of 165ºF.

## What serve with chicken and bell peppers?

One of the reasons you’ll love this recipe is because this Chicken and Bell
Peppers Skillet goes well with almost everything. I mean the list is endless.
Feel free to serve it with…

· Cauliflower rice

· Regular rice

· Mashed cauliflower, mashed butternut squash, or regular mashed potatoes

· Quinoa or couscous

· Salads of any kind

· Or even it on its own. It’s delicious anyway.

## Recipe Tips

  * Chicken thighs are cooked through once the internal temperature is 165 degrees. An instant-read thermometer is a very useful kitchen tool.
  * Make sure to cut onions and bell peppers into similar-sized pieces. This helps ensure they are cooked evenly.
  * Make a batch of these Low-carb Chocolate Muffins to enjoy after your dinner! They go so well together. These muffins are meal prep friendly as well so you can definitely make a batch on Sunday and enjoy as a post-dinner treat throughout the week.
  * You can have this recipe on its own or you can serve it with some steamed broccoli too.

## Meal Prep Tips

  * Make sure to store all your portions in an airtight container. I use glass containers as they don’t hold onto any smells and are easier to clean.
  * Be sure to keep the meals refrigerated until you’re ready to eat.
  * This meal prep or leftovers will last for up to 4 days when properly stored.
  * While you can freeze this recipe (red pepper freezes wonderfully!), I would suggest not freezing this recipe since the skin on the chicken thighs won't be as crispy once you thaw and reheat the meal.
  * Need a breakfast recipe to meal prep as well? Try my Healthy Breakfast Meal Prep Bowls as well!

## Recipe Substitutions

  * Want to swap the bone-on chicken thighs for boneless skinless thighs? You can simply sear the chicken thighs, 5-6 minutes per side and skip the baking part.
  * Want to swap in skinless chicken breasts? Follow the instructions and use an instant-read thermometer to check for doneness instead of baking for 15 to 20 minutes.
  * If you don't have red onions, you can use a sweet yellow onion instead.
  * If you don't have an oven-safe skillet like cast iron, try making my Easy Baked Chicken Thighs (Web Story) and sauteeing the red onion and bell peppers separately on the stovetop.
  * If you're a fan of mushrooms, just add them in the skillet too. Sauté for few minutes. It will be delicious.

## More recipes to try:

Chicken and bell peppers together are amazing and make a delicious combo. So,
below I’ll share more recipes to try with these two ingredients:

· Chicken Fajita Meal Prep Bowls from Primavera Kitchen.

· One-Pan Mediterranean Roast Chicken from Primavera Kitchen.

· Baked Chicken and peppers from I Food Real.

· Easy Pepper Chicken Stir Fry from Spend with Pennies.

Did you make a recipe? Tag @primaverakitchen on Instagram so we can find you!

## Subscribe for new recipes & a free e-cookbook

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Name *

Email *

Yes, I want it!

This post may contain affiliate links. Please read our disclosure policy.

3.73 from 109 votes

## Chicken and Bell Peppers Skillet

Chicken and Bell Peppers Skillet is one of those dishes that will go to your
family dinner rotation because it happens to please everyone. It’s seasoned
with lots of spices and it’s also low-carb, paleo and whole30 friendly.

Prep: 10 minutes

Cook: 25 minutes

Total: 35 minutes

Servings: 4 people

  * Pin It

Print Rate Email

### Ingredients

#### For the chicken

  * ▢ 4 free range organic chicken thighs bone-in and skin-on
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon paprika
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon garlic powder
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon Italian seasoning
  * ▢ Salt and black pepper
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon olive oil

#### For the bell peppers

  * ▢ 2 large bell peppers 1 red and 1 orange, sliced
  * ▢ 1 small red onion sliced
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon garlic clove minced
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon paprika
  * ▢ 1/8 teaspoon red chili flakes or ground chili pepper
  * ▢ Salt and black pepper

US CustomaryMetric

### Instructions

  * Heat a cast iron skillet over medium-high heat in the stove. Meanwhile, in a large bowl place chicken and all the seasonings for the chicken. Mix everything well to combine.

  * Add olive oil to skillet. Add chicken in skillet, skin side down, and cook 4-6 minutes or until browned. Turn chicken over and cook for 1 minute. Set aside (chicken won’t be totally cooked yet).

  * Remove skillet from the heat and add peppers, onion, garlic, paprika, red chili flakes and salt and peppers. Stir everything well to combine.

  * Arrange chicken on top of the peppers and onions and place the skillet in the pre-heat over. Bake at 400°F for 15-20 minutes or until chicken gets the internal temperature of 165ºF. Enjoy!

### Tips

  * Pat dry the chicken beforehand so the oil and seasoning will stick better.
  * I like using red and orange bell peppers because they're sweeter than green bell peppers. 
  * An instant-read thermometer is a very useful kitchen tool as you can quickly check if the chicken is cooked through to 165F.
  * **To store:** Store the chicken and bell peppers in the fridge for up to 4 days in airtight containers.
  * **To reheat:** Reheat in the microwave until heated through.
  * **To freeze:** Freeze everything in a freezer-safe bag or container for up to 3 months.

### Video

### Nutrition Information

Serving: 1/4 Calories: 258kcal (13%) Carbohydrates: 9g (3%) Protein: 18g (36%)
Fat: 18g (28%) Saturated Fat: 5g (31%) Polyunsaturated Fat: 1g Monounsaturated
Fat: 3g Cholesterol: 80mg (27%) Sodium: 758mg (33%) Potassium: 266mg (8%)
Fiber: 3g (13%) Sugar: 4g (4%)

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

© Author: Olivia Ribas

##  Did You Make This?

Follow @primaverakitchen on Instagram, snap a photo, and tag it
#primaverakitchen. We’d love to see your recreation.

Tag Me On Instagram Rate Recipe

Watch the Web Stories for this recipe HERE.

3.0K shares

  * Pin
  * Share
  * Email

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Have a question? Submit your question or comment below.

Rate This Recipe: Rate This Recipe:  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

  1. Shauna Sherwood says

Posted on 8/22/21 at 8:52 pm

Perfectly delicious!

Reply

    * Olivia says

Posted on 8/23/21 at 11:17 am

Thank you so much!

Reply

  2. Nena says

Posted on 12/11/21 at 10:24 pm

Tonight, I Googled “healthy chicken recipes with red onion,” and this recipe
popped up. So glad it did! It was delicious! I used thin-sliced chicken
breasts instead of thighs, and it still turned out moist, tender and full of
flavor. I used smoked paprika and perhaps a bit more Italian spice (only
because I didn’t have the premixed version and just eyeballed my own mixture).
I served with roasted Brussels sprouts and sprouted short brown rice. My
husband and I loved it!

Reply

    * Olivia says

Posted on 12/24/21 at 10:31 am

That sounds so yummy. Happy you and your husband liked this recipe. We love it
too!!

Reply

  3. S Cohen says

Posted on 1/14/22 at 6:45 pm

I found this recipe on a search for chicken thighs and bell peppers without
tomatoes. It was PERFECT and will go on my regular rotation. I served it with
my Italian-seasoned brown rice pilaf. I used 1/4 teaspoon salt and a rounded
1/8 teaspoon black pepper, and skipped the red pepper because of family
preferences. I took the take the time to season generously under the skin and
let the chicken sit at room temperature 30 minutes before cooking-great
flavor!

Reply

    * Olivia says

Posted on 1/16/22 at 9:42 am

Awesome!! Happy you enjoyed it!

Reply

  4. judith says

Posted on 4/6/22 at 7:39 pm

Delicious and simple recipe. Followed the recipe except used ghee instead of
olive oil. The peppers get tender and the juices thicken like a gravy. my
husband said you can make this again!

Reply

    * Olivia says

Posted on 4/21/22 at 11:03 pm

That's awesome to hear that 😉

Reply

  5. Carla Sherman says

Posted on 7/24/22 at 9:28 pm

I used 5 boneless, skinless thighs and cooked for three minutes on medium high
with a little extra oil so the outside wouldn't get tough. Baked everything 15
minutes and it was perfect! I roasted some asparagus alongside it and served
with quinoa. My husband said he would eat leftovers tomorrow night!

Reply

    * Olivia says

Posted on 8/5/22 at 3:42 pm

Love that you served it with quinoa and asparagus!

Reply

Older Comments

## Primary Sidebar

### Looking for Something?

  * Search By Keyword
  * Browse Recipe Index

### Popular

###  Whole30 Pot Roast Recipe

###  Garlic Butter Halibut Fish Recipe

###  Air Fryer Chicken Breast Recipe

###  Air Fryer Asparagus Recipe

###  Get New Recipes by email & a free Dinner Recipes e-cookbook

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Name *

Email *

Go!

Explore More

##  Chicken

Chicken

###  Grilled Chicken Chimichurri Recipe

37 minutes

Instant Pot Recipes

###  Instant Pot Chicken Recipe

20 minutes

Chicken

###  Cajun Grilled Chicken

45 minutes

Chicken

###  Baked Caprese Chicken

50 minutes

Browse All

##  Subscribe for new recipes & a free e-cookbook

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Name *

Email *

Sign me up!

Join My Free  
Facebook Group

##  Explore

###  About

###  Shop

###  Blog

###  Subscribe

###  Work With Me

###  Life Beyond Cooking

###  Amazon Storefront

###  Videos

###  Recipe Web Stories

##  Recipes

###  Low Carb

###  Dinner

###  Keto

###  Lunch

###  Whole30

###  Meal Prep

###  Gluten-free

###  Browse All

Privacy Policy

Disclaimers

Contact

(C) 2022 Primavera Kitchen

Site Credits Designed by Melissa Rose Design Developed by Once Coupled

Back to Top

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

