https://bakeitwithlove.com/chicken-and-peppers/#stepbystep-instructions


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * Recipes
  * Dinners
  * Desserts
  * About
    * Contact Us
  * Subscribe
  * Search

Bake It With Love

menu icon

  * Recipes
  * Dinners
  * Desserts
  * About
    * Contact Us
  * Subscribe

* ## Join Us!

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Recipes
  * Dinners
  * Desserts
  * About
    * Contact Us
  * Subscribe

* ## Join Us!

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

×

Home » Recipes » Main Dish

Angela @ BakeItWithLove.com · Leave a Comment

# Chicken And Peppers

Share This Recipe!

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin
  * Yummly
  * LinkedIn
  * Reddit

Jump to Recipe

As simple as it may be, this classic **chicken and peppers** recipe is quick,
delicious, and perfect for dinner any day of the week! This recipe does not
have many steps or ingredients because the balsamic vinegar **infuses the bell
peppers and chicken** with so much flavor, you won’t need much else!

For an easy and flavorful weeknight dinner try this balsamic pan-fried chicken
with bell peppers!

**_This easy one-skillet chicken and peppers is packed with tangy balsamic
flavor!_**

I always find that making this dish adds some cheer to my day. With colorful
peppers and **wonderful smells** emanating from my kitchen, it feels a bit
like a party, regardless of who is coming to dinner.  

Sometimes, simplicity makes the star ingredient stand out even more, and this
is one of those times. **Garlic, balsamic vinegar, and dried basil** come
together in such a delightful way.

Jump to:

  * ❤️ Why You'll Love This Recipe!
  * 🥘 Ingredients
  * 📖 Variations
  * 🔪 Step-By-Step Instructions
  * 💭 Angela's Tips & Recipe Notes
  * 🥡 Storing & Reheating
  * 🍽️ More Easy Dinners!
  * 📋 Recipe

Optional red pepper flakes can spice things up, but the real highlight is the
**chicken**.  
It makes a hearty, warming meal and even better leftovers!

Best of all **, shredded chicken and pepper sandwiches** will makes a perfect
lunch the following days!

## ❤️ Why You'll Love This Recipe!

**It’s Flexible!** It's easy to use a little creativity in this recipe. This
dish can change completely by swapping just a couple of ingredients!

**Minimal Cleanup!** Make dinner in just 1 pan! Fewer dishes means a dinner
everyone can love.

**It's Fast!** Anything I can get on the table in **under 30 minutes** is a
win in my book.

## 🥘 Ingredients

Make sure to get the freshest peppers you can find for the best flavor. And
don’t skip the secret ingredient, balsamic vinegar.

  * **2 tablespoons Olive Oil ( _Extra Virgin_ ) - **Divide your EVOO into two 1 tablespoon portions. ****
  * **1 pound Chicken Thighs -** Use boneless skinless chicken for best results. ****
  * **½ teaspoon each, Salt & Pepper **\- Salt enhances the flavor of anything it’s added to. You can always add more to taste.
  *  **½ each, Red & Green Bell Pepper - **Slice these up for a delicious and colorful highlight! ****
  * **½ medium Yellow Onion -** This is the equivalent of about **½** a cup of sliced onions.
  *  **1 teaspoon Garlic -** About 1 minced garlic clove should be added after the chicken is cooked so it won’t burn. ****
  * **2 tablespoons Balsamic Vinegar -** This isn’t just a salad dressing. It creates an amazing savory taste that elevates any dish it’s added to. ****
  * **1 teaspoon Dried Basil -** If you’d rather use freshly chopped, use about 1 tablespoon. ****
  * **1 teaspoon Red Pepper Flakes ( _optional_ ) - **I love cranking up in the heat in this recipe.

* _Be sure to see the recipe card below for ingredients, amounts & instructions!_*

## 📖 Variations

**Mushrooms** \- ** ** If you want to add a little extra richness to the dish,
toss in some creminis! The balsamic will compliment them nicely.

**Tomatoes** \- Halve a few cherry tomatoes. Then, saute them with the bell
pepper for a slightly sweet and fresh add-in!

**Taco Seasoning** \- Change things up by taking out the balsamic vinegar and
sprinkling in some taco seasoning with the rest of the spices in step 3. This
version of chicken and peppers should be **served with black beans andsalsa.**

**Infused Olive Oil** \- There are a lot of unique olive oils out there that
could be scrumptious in this dish. Try a clove of garlic or **hot pepper-
infused** option.

**Marinade** \- Place your chicken in a gallon bag of your favorite marinade
in the fridge overnight! Make your own or try my ******Italian chicken
marinade!** ****_*Marinate chicken for at least 2 hours._

**Dijon -** Try substituting half of the balsamic for some Dijon mustard! This
is great for anyone that likes that classic **Dijon flavor.**

**Hatch Peppers** \- When in season _(about August-September)_ , sliced hatch
chili peppers make a great substitution for the bell peppers in this recipe.
It's perfect for anyone who likes things a tad bit spicier, and they are
**full of flavor!**

**Fish -** Try swapping the chicken in this dish for a mild white fish like
cod or tilapia. Pan-fry the fish on each side until cooked to satisfaction,
then proceed with the recipe as normal!

## 🔪 Step-By-Step Instructions

There are only **4 easy steps** necessary for this dish. Aside from that,
you’ll need a skillet, a spatula, and silicone kitchen tongs.

  * 1
  * 2
  * 3
  * 4

  1. **Heat.** To begin, heat 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil in a large skillet over **medium-high** heat. Then, sprinkle ½ teaspoon each of salt and pepper over 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken thighs. When the skillet is hot, carefully add the chicken.
  2.  **Pan-fry.** Next, cook the chicken for **4 to 5 minutes on each side** , pan-frying it until fully cooked. Use a thermometer to check that the temperature at the thickest part of each piece is 165℉ ( _75℃_ ). Move the chicken to a plate and set it aside for later.
  3.  **Saute.** Then, slice ½ a red bell pepper, ½ a green pepper, and ½ a medium yellow onion. Toss them in the skillet and saute for about **5 minutes** or until tender. You should begin to smell them. Now, mix in 1 teaspoon each of garlic, dried basil, and crushed red pepper flakes. Saute for another 30 seconds until fragrant.

### Add Balsamic & Toss Chicken

  * 5
  * 6

  1. **Stir in balsamic.** Pour in the 2 tablespoons of balsamic vinegar and stir to mix thoroughly.
  2.  **Return the cooked chicken.** Lastly, replace the chicken in the skillet and stir everything together. The sauce and spices should coat the meat. 
  3. **Serve.** When everything is warmed through and coated with the sauce and seasoning, remove from heat and serve immediately.

This makes a delightful lunch or dinner and even better leftovers! **Serve
oversteamed rice, mashed potatoes, or buttered noodles.** Enjoy!

To fill out the meal, add a side of **roasted broccoli with garlic and
parmesan **or **sauteed asparagus and cherry tomatoes.**

## 💭 Angela's Tips & Recipe Notes

  * **Any bell peppers will work.** Feel free to use whatever colored bell peppers you have on hand!
  *  **Use white wine.** If you’re not into balsamic vinegar, you can easily replace it with white wine. Both add delicious flavor.  **    **
  * **Make sandwiches with extra portions.** Leftovers make amazing sandwiches. Just shred the chicken and mix it back in with the pepper mixture. Coat a baguette with some garlic butter and fill it with chicken and peppers. Throw it under the broiler for a few minutes and enjoy. Provolone optional.

## 🥡 Storing & Reheating

Store any leftovers in an airtight container. Keep refrigerated **for up to
3-4 days**.

Leftover chicken and peppers can be frozen for up to **4 months** in an
airtight container or freezer bag. Before reheating, let any frozen leftovers
thaw in the fridge overnight.

### Reheating Chicken and Peppers

To reheat leftovers, heat a skillet with the bottom just covered with water or
broth. Transfer leftovers to the skillet in a single layer and cook until
**heated through.**

## 🍽️ More Easy Dinners!

  * **Mexican Cornbread Casserole**
  *  **Bisquick Chicken and Dumplings**
  *  **Taco Bell Mexican Pizza**
  *  **Shake and Bake Porkchops**
  *  **Crockpot Cube Steak**

Do you love a recipe you tried? Please leave **a 5-star  🌟rating **in the
recipe card below and/or a review in the comments section further down the
page.  
  
**Stay in touch with me** through social media @  **Pinterest**,
**Facebook**, **Instagram**, or **Twitter**! Don't forget to tag me when you
try one of my recipes!

## 📋 Recipe

Print Recipe Leave A Comment

Love This Recipe?Click On A Star To Rate It!

5 from 15 reviews

## Chicken And Peppers

As simple as it may be, this classic chicken and peppers recipe is quick,
delicious, and perfect for dinner any day of the week! This recipe does not
have many steps or ingredients because the balsamic vinegar infuses the bell
peppers and chicken with so much flavor, you won’t need much else!

Author | Angela

Servings: 4 servings

Calories: 228kcal

Prep 10 minutes

Cooking 15 minutes

Total Time 25 minutes

Pin Recipe Share on Facebook

##

Ingredients



US CustomaryMetric

1x2x3x

  * ▢ 2 tablespoon olive oil (extra virgin - divided, use two 1 tablespoon portions)
  * ▢ 1 lb chicken thighs (boneless, skinless)
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon each, salt & pepper (to taste)
  * ▢ ½ red bell pepper (sliced)
  * ▢ ½ green bell pepper (sliced)
  * ▢ ½ medium yellow onion (sliced)
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon garlic (minced)
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon balsamic vinegar
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon dried basil
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes (optional)

##

Instructions

  * Add the first 1 tablespoon portion of extra virgin olive oil to a large skillet over medium-high heat. Season the chicken thighs with salt and pepper to taste and place them in the hot skillet. 

2 tablespoon olive oil, 1 lb chicken thighs, ½ teaspoon each, salt & pepper

  * Pan fry the chicken for 4-5 minutes per side, until fully cooked with an internal temp of 165°F _(75°C)._ Transfer the chicken to a plate and set aside.

  * Next, add the sliced red and green bell peppers and onion to the skillet and saute until tender and fragrant, about 5 minutes _._ Add the garlic, basil, and optional crushed red pepper flakes, and continue sauteing for an additional 30 seconds. Stir in the balsamic vinegar until well distributed.

½ red bell pepper, ½ green bell pepper, ½ medium yellow onion, 1 teaspoon
garlic, 1 teaspoon dried basil, 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, 2
tablespoon balsamic vinegar

  * Finally, add the chicken thighs back to the skillet and stir to coat and heat. Remove from heat and serve over white rice.

##

Equipment You May Need

Skillet

Spatula

Silicone Kitchen Tongs

##

Notes

  * If you don't have red and green bell peppers, you can use whatever color you have on hand.
  * If you don't like the taste of balsamic vinegar, you may substitute it for white wine.
  * This dish also tastes great served over pasta.

###

Nutrition

Calories: 228kcal (11%) | Carbohydrates: 7g (2%) | Protein: 23g (46%) | Fat:
12g (18%) | Saturated Fat: 2g (13%) | Polyunsaturated Fat: 2g |
Monounsaturated Fat: 7g | Trans Fat: 1g | Cholesterol: 108mg (36%) | Sodium:
406mg (18%) | Potassium: 413mg (12%) | Fiber: 1g (4%) | Sugar: 4g (4%) |
Vitamin A: 699IU (14%) | Vitamin C: 33mg (40%) | Calcium: 32mg (3%) | Iron:
2mg (11%)

Did you try this recipe? Rate it below!I can’t wait to see your results!
Mention @bake_it_with_love or tag #bake_it_with_love!

Course Chicken Dishes, Dinner Recipes, Main Course

Cuisine American, Italian

Angela @ BakeItWithLove.com

Angela is an at home chef that developed a passion for all things cooking and
baking at a young age in her Grandma's kitchen. After many years in the food
service industry, she now enjoys sharing all of her family favorite recipes
and creating tasty dinner and amazing dessert recipes here at Bake It With
Love!

bakeitwithlove.com/about/

« What To Serve With Quesadillas

Cajun Sausage Pasta »

Share This Recipe!

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin
  * Yummly
  * LinkedIn
  * Reddit

## Reader Interactions

### Thanks for coming! Let me know what you think: Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name

Email

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

English

Arabic Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English French German Italian Japanese
Korean Portuguese Russian Turkish

**Hi there, I'm Angela!** I am an avid vintage cookbook collector, recipe
creator, animal lover, and total foodie. I love sharing recipes that are new,
fun, and creative as well as great classic recipes just like my Grandma used
to make!

More about me →

### Roast Dinners

  * Oven Roasted Prime Rib with Dry Rib Rub

  * Smoked Bison Prime Rib

  * Venison Tenderloin Roast

  * Sunday Dinner Ideas

  * Pork Ribeye Roast

  * Baked Pork Tenderloin

### Reader Favorites

  * Avocado Egg Bake (Breakfast Bake)

  * Best Chicken Tortilla Soup

  * Panda Express Shanghai Angus Steak

  * Pan Seared Ribeye Steak

  * Bacon Wrapped Meatloaf

  * Strawberry Shortcake

DISCLAIMER: As an Amazon Associate, I earn a commission from qualifying
purchases at no added cost to you.

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * About Angela
  * Privacy Policy
  * Work With Me
  * Contact
  * FAQ
  * Home
  * Accessibility Statement

### Subscribe

### Stay in Touch!

* indicates required

Email Address *

### Read

  * Collections
  * Conversions
  * Food That Starts With
  * Substitutions
  * Food Info
  * Web Stories

Copyright © 2022 Bake It With Love

