https://www.bigfattummy.com/2016/09/butter-garlic-prawns/


## Big Fat Tummy

### ... for the love of food.

  * Uncategorized 

###  Mutton Badami Curry

  * Uncategorized 

###  Prawn Ball Curry

  * Seafood Recipes 

###  Crispy Fried Fresh Bombay Ducks

  * Tips, Dips, Masalas & Misc. 

###  Cleaning and Deboning Bombay Ducks

  * Seafood Recipes 

###  Vellio Kodi (Anchovy Curry)

  * Veg. Recipes 

###  Cream of Mushroom Soup

  * Pork Recipes 

###  Pork Vindaloo (Mild Version)

  * Veg. Recipes 

###  Chole Bhature

  * Seafood Recipes 

###  Prawn Cauliflower Caldinho

  * Veg. Recipes 

###  Falafel - Chickpea Fritters

  * BFT (Since 2016)
  * RECIPE INDEX
  * Latest Recipes

2nd August 2022

Search for:

Home __Seafood Recipes __Butter Garlic Prawns

# Butter Garlic Prawns

__10th September 2016 __HomeCook __Seafood Recipes __4

__ __ __ __ __

A great starter to serve over drinks, the marriage of prawns and garlic is
timeless. You will need to keep it coming as it is going to go quick off the
plate. That means you’ll spend more time next to your stove. But it will be
worth the effort when you get heaps of praises on serving these butter garlic
prawns.

Serves: 2 Persons

Prep. Time: 10 Mins…. + 15 Mins…. (marination)

Cooking Time: 10 to 12 Mins…. (active)

_Ingredients:_

  * Large Prawns - Butterflied ( _see here_) – 6
  * Garlic (finely chopped) – 1 tbsp.
  * Lime – ½
  * Parsley – 1 ½ tsp.
  * Chilly Flakes – ¼ tsp.
  * White Pepper Powder – ¼ tsp. + a pinch
  * Butter (herbed or salted) – 25 gms..
  * Olive Oil – 1 tsp.
  * White Wine – 2 to 3 tbsp.
  * Salt – ½ tsp.

_Step 1:_      Marinate the prawns with salt, lime juice, ¼ tsp. white pepper
powder, garlic, half of the chilly flakes, 1 tsp. parsley and 1 tsp. olive
oil. Leave aside for 15 minutes.

_Step 2:_      Melt the butter in a pan on low heat. Toss the marinated prawns
in the pan on high heat for 30 seconds. Reduce the heat to medium and cook for
3 to 4 minutes.

_Step 3:_      Splash the white wine in the pan and continue cooking for
another 3 to 4 minutes. Season with a pinch of white pepper powder, chilly
flakes and the remaining parsley. Turn off the heat and keep covered for 2
minutes before serving.

Serve this flavoursome starter hot.

_Note:_      I have used herbed butter in the this recipe.

__ __ __ __ __

__

  * fish

Previous

Rice for Fried Rice

Next

Dal à la Ina (Masoor Dal Recipe)

####  4 Comments

  1. maria.K

6th September 2018 at 4:57 pm

hi,  
how about a chinese version ??!!

Reply

    * HomeCook

17th September 2018 at 7:25 pm

You could try this by substituting the fish for prawns.
https://www.bigfattummy.com/2016/09/ginger-honey-fish/

Reply

  2. Cynthia

23rd August 2021 at 1:02 pm

Is there any substitute for white wine?

Reply

    * HomeCook

23rd August 2021 at 5:18 pm

You can skip the white wine. It will still taste good.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published.

Comment  

Name *  

Email *  

Website  

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

#### WANT TO HEAR FROM BFT?

Please enter your details. We will send you updates once in a while!

Name  

Email  

  

Cakes & Bakes

###  Carrot Raisin Muffins

__22nd September 2016 __0

Make these carrot raisin muffins to fill your kids tiffins. You can have them
also as a tea time snack. Servings: 6 Prep. Time: 20 Mins. Baking Time: 40
Mins. […]

Seafood Recipes

###  Masala Stuffed Prawns

__27th April 2017 __0

Get your hands on some Jumbo Prawns to make crispy fried Masala Stuffed
Prawns. Serve them as a starter or as an accompaniment. They taste yummy.
Serves: 4 to 6 […]

Veg. Recipes

###  Sweet Wheat Flour Polle / Pancakes

__16th April 2020 __1

The Eggless Sweet Wheat Flour Polle / Pancakes is another recipe born out of
boredom, of being locked in the house, of deliberately trying to cook with
limited supplies in […]

Beef Recipes

###  Goan Beef Cutlet

__29th November 2016 __12

Popular as street food in Goa, the Goan Beef Cutlet is a thin slice of beef
marinated, rawa coated and deep fried. The goan beef cutlet is served with
Goan pao […]

Veg. Recipes

###  Coconut Pulao

__30th September 2016 __0

The recipe for this Coconut Pulao is derived from a popular Tamil Nadu dish
called ‘brinji’. This is my take on the original recipe which uses bay leaves
and aniseeds. […]

Seafood Recipes

###  Squid Chilly Fry

__23rd November 2018 __0

This is a home style Goan Squid Chilly Fry preparation. (For a Hotel Style
Goan Squid Chilly Fry, click here) The making of this Squid Chilly Fry will
hardly take […]

Chicken Recipes

###  Yummy Fried Chicken

__15th September 2017 __0

The yummy fried chicken is for when you want to indulge. It is full of fat and
calories. Through caution to the wind and binge – after all you only […]

Sweets & Desserts

###  Vermicelli Kheer

__15th September 2017 __3

Vermicelli Kheer or Sevaiyan Kheer is a dairy based Indian dessert. It is a
favourite with kids and adults alike and makes for a good dessert or festival
sweet. Follow […]

Sweets & Desserts

###  Paneer Ki Mithai

__16th October 2016 __0

The paneer (cottage cheese) is used extensively in Indian cuisine. It is used
for starters, main course, sweet meals and various varied preparations which
make it a versatile ingredient in […]

Seafood Recipes

###  Shellfish Sukkem

__21st February 2018 __4

ShellFish Sukkem is a Goan preparation of Clams [Kube / Tisryo] that is mildly
spicy / tangy and also sweet at the same time because of the use of coconut.
[…]

Cakes & Bakes

###  Dessicated Coconut Cake

__11th December 2016 __22

Long years ago, when I was in school - a teenager, I had the habit of
collecting recipes from tabloids or magazines. Information was not as easily
available as in […]

Seafood Recipes

###  Mangalorean Rawas Curry

__31st May 2017 __2

Mangaloreans like all those living along the coat of India love their fish.
They love it fried and in yummy coconut curries. All the major ingredients are
easily available and […]

Egg Recipes

###  Eggs in Coconut Sauce

__9th August 2020 __0

The recipe for the Eggs in Coconut Sauce is derived from one of my recipes
using fish (click here). I thought eggs would go very well in the sauce and
[…]

Sweets & Desserts

###  Jhatpat Carrot Halwa

__10th September 2016 __0

The natural goodness of carrots in a sweet dish. The carrot halwa is a common
Indian sweet which is delicious and filling. Anytime is a good time to feast
on […]

Veg. Recipes

###  Khaman Dhokla

__28th March 2020 __7

Khaman Dhokla is a popular Gujarati snack relished by people all over India.
It is a steamed cake made primarily with gram or besan (gram flour) and then
doused with […]

Seafood Recipes

###  Masala Stuffed Prawns

__27th April 2017 __0

Get your hands on some Jumbo Prawns to make crispy fried Masala Stuffed
Prawns. Serve them as a starter or as an accompaniment. They taste yummy.
Serves: 4 to 6 […]

Seafood Recipes

###  Crispy Fried Anchovies

__15th January 2018 __2

Anchovies or Mandeli, as they are commonly referred to in India, are a tiny
fish packed with flavour and nutrients. They taste best fried crisp and the
better part about […]

Veg. Recipes

###  Dry Green Pea Masala

__4th March 2018 __2

Dry Green Peas or Hara / Hirva Vatana as commonly referred to India are a
legume loaded with important vitamins and minerals and also fiber. This Goan
preparation of the […]

Tips, Dips, Masalas & Misc.

###  Goan Cafreal Masala

__29th November 2016 __2

The Goan cafreal masala can be made and stored in the refrigerator and can be
used to marinate chicken and fish before frying it. Don’t miss out the jaggery
as it gives […]

Cakes & Bakes

###  Chocolate Sponge Cake

__12th May 2021 __0

This a basic Chocolate Sponge Cake used as a base for your rich desserts like
Black Forest Trifle (click here) or Black Forest Cake (click here). It a basic
sponge […]

Seafood Recipes

###  Fish Balchao

__29th October 2018 __2

Fish Balchao is a popular Goan sauce that is sweet, tangy and mildly spicy all
at the same time. It is influenced by the Portuguese like most Goan dishes.
Note […]

Tips, Dips, Masalas & Misc.

###  Hot & Sweet Tomato Ketchup

__11th March 2018 __0

When tomatoes have crowded the market and their prices are dirt cheap, I just
can’t resist preserving some in the form of a Hot & Sweet Ketchup. This
homemade ketchup […]

Seafood Recipes

###  Lady Fish Jeerem Meerem

__26th October 2017 __0

In this recipe for the Lady Fish Jeerem Meerem, I’ve used homemade jeerem
meerem powder (using powdered spices) to make a peppery tangy curry. The curry
compliments the bland taste […]

__

###### Recent Comments

  * HomeCook on Massado / Egg Flip
  * david on Massado / Egg Flip
  * HomeCook on Goan Prawn Okra Curry
  * Neville Pinto on Goan Prawn Okra Curry
  * HomeCook on Goan Kingfish Mayonnaise Salad
  * HomeCook on Corned / Salted Beef Tongue
  * HomeCook on Goan Prawn Chow Chow
  * HomeCook on Goan Beef Cutlet

###### Recipe Categories

Recipe Categories Select Category Beef Recipes Beverages Cakes & Bakes Chicken
Recipes Egg Recipes Mutton Recipes Pork Recipes Seafood Recipes Sweets &
Desserts Tips, Dips, Masalas & Misc. Uncategorized Veg. Recipes

###### Post Calendar

September 2016 M | T | W | T | F | S | S  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
 | 1| 2| 3| 4  
5| 6| 7| 8| 9| 10| 11  
12| 13| 14| 15| 16| 17| 18  
19| 20| 21| 22| 23| 24| 25  
26| 27| 28| 29| 30 |  
    Oct »

FB Page:



www.facebook.com/bftummy



FB Group:



https://www.facebook.com/groups/677195112667102



Email:



homecook@bigfatummy.com



Location:



Mumbai, India.



  * About Me
  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms of Use

Copyright © 2016 - 2021 : BIG FAT TUMMY

UA-83547547-1

