https://www.thetakeiteasychef.com/butter-garlic-fried-prawns-recipe


### Follow us

  * facebook
  * twitter
  * instagram
  * pinterest
  * google

  * Indian Cuisine
    * Karnataka
    * Kerala
    * Goan
    * Indian
    * South Indian
  * Asian Cuisine
    * Asian
    * Burmese
    * Chinese
    * Korean
  * International Cuisine
    * American
    * British
    * Continental
    * English
    * Global
    * Italian
    * Morroccan

The take it easy chef

  * Home
  * About Me
  * Starters
  * Main Course
  * Desserts
  * More
    * Kitchen Tips & Tricks
    * Wraps
    * Pickles
    * Salads
    * Breakfast
  * Recipe Index

  * Home
  * About Me
  * Starters
  * Main Course
  * Desserts
  * More
    * Kitchen Tips & Tricks
    * Wraps
    * Pickles
    * Salads
    * Breakfast
  * Recipe Index

  * Home
  * About Me
  * Starters
  * Main Course
  * Desserts
  * More
    * Kitchen Tips & Tricks
    * Wraps
    * Pickles
    * Salads
    * Breakfast
  * Recipe Index

Home » Butter & Garlic Fried Prawns

# Butter & Garlic Fried Prawns

in beginner, easy, non vegetarian, seafood, Starters

Jump to Recipe \- Print Recipe

This butter and garlic fried prawns is one of the easiest prawns (shrimp)
recipes that you'll ever come across. Succulent prawns pan fried with garlic
and chilli flakes in a butter and olive oil mix. A dash of lime juice and a
garnish of coriander leaves add an exotic touch to this easy prawns recipe.

Butter and Garlic Fried Prawns with chilli flakes, olive oil and lime

The sheer simplicity of some dishes could just astonish you! This is one such
recipe. Just a few ingredients, with no complicated techniques, and bare
minimum cooking time - this recipe proves that you don't have to spend hours
in the kitchen to produce a delicious plate of food.

Butter and Garlic Fried Prawns is served

> If you like prawns, you cannot say no to this astonishingly simple recipe.
> It's finger looking good. You know you want to try it!

Fresh prawns fried with butter and garlic, seasoned with crushed chillies, and
a dash of lime

If you like prawns, check out the following recipes as well.

  * Chilli fried prawns
  * Prawns peera
  * Creamy ginger prawns recipes

Shall we get cooking? Use this recipe to cheer up a busy weekday dinner.
Hosting friends on a weekend evening? Let the fun start with this butter and
garlic fried prawns. This recipe will get you off to a great start!

Print Recipe

5 from 3 votes

## Butter & Garlic Fried Prawns

This butter and garlic fried prawns, with garlic and chilli flakes, and a dash
of lime, is one of the easiest prawns recipes that you'll ever come across!

Prep Time15 mins

Cook Time10 mins

Total Time30 mins

Course: Appetizer, Side Dish

Cuisine: American, British, Continental

Servings: 4 serving

### Ingredients

  * 25 - 30 shrimps large prawns
  * 3 - 4 kashmiri dry chilies or chilli flakes
  * 20 cloves garlic
  * 20 gm butter
  * 3 tablespoons olive oil
  * to taste salt
  * 1-2 sprigs coriander leaves cilantro
  * 1 lime sliced to wedges

### Instructions

  * De-vein the prawns and peel the shells off.

  * Chop the garlic and keep it aside. Crush the chilies to flakes.

  * In a thick-bottomed pan, melt butter and add 2 tablespoons of olive oil.

  * Once the oil is hot, fry the garlic and chili flakes.

  * Wait for the garlic to turn golden brown, place the prawns on the pan, and give the pan a quick shake.

  * If required sprinkle some salt.

  * Fry the prawns for less than 3 minutes on each side, and switch off the flame. For bigger prawns cooking time could increase.

  * Take the fried prawns and place them in a bowl.

  * Add a tablespoon olive oil to the left over mixture in the pan, and mix well.

  * Drizzle this mixture on top of the fried prawns.

  * Squeeze a lime wedge or two to add a tangy note. Serve fresh and hot.

  * Eat with some bread to soak up the amazing sauce.

### Notes

  * Prawn/shrimp heads will add more flavour to your dish. If you don't like getting your hands messy while eating, get rid of the heads as well
  * Butter usually will be salted. Consider that before adding more salt to the pan
  * If you like prawns, check out the following recipes as well.
    * Chilli fried prawns
    * Prawns peera
    * Creamy ginger prawns recipes

### Related Posts:

  * Creamy Ginger Prawns (Shrimp)
  * Chilli Fried Prawns
  * Easy Butter Chicken

### Share this!

  * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
  * Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
  * Click to print (Opens in new window)
  * 

###  _Related_

#### Tags

fried prawns fried shrimp prawns seafood shrimp

### 12 Comments

  1. Rachel

July, 2021 at 12:10 am  *  Reply

Thanks for the recipe. It was delicious.  
I added less chilli only as I have funny boys in the house big and small. But
I braved the 20 cloves of garlic and possibly added a teeeny bit more butter
and oil and a light sprinkle of dried parsley and it was delicious. And at the
last minute even a splash of white wine to simmer in. DELISH

    * The Take It Easy Chef

July, 2021 at 2:34 pm  *  Reply

Awesome! Thank YOU, Rachel for this lovely feedback about my butter and garlic
fried prawns.  
The changes you made to the recipe sounds like a nice touch to make it further
delicious - especially the white wine.  
Thank you for the tip 🙂

  2. Gopi Patel

July, 2021 at 4:54 pm  *  Reply

  
My absolute favorite!!!!!! We have this quite often because we both love it!

    * The Take It Easy Chef

July, 2021 at 2:31 pm  *  Reply

Thank you very much, Gopi!! 🙂  
So chuffed to hear that you make this prawns recipe often 🙂

  3. Supriya Kutty

December, 2019 at 2:37 pm  *  Reply

Hi, Arun, I really love prawns. Prawns are my go-to food. I will definitely
make this recipe and try it! I like the step-by-step images you have provided
in this wonderful article. Thank you for sharing such an amazing dish with us.
I will surely share this post as much as possible.

    * The Take It Easy Chef

December, 2019 at 4:46 pm  *  Reply

Hi Supriya,  
Thank you 🙂  
Happy to learn that you liked reading through butter and garlic fried prawns
recipe.  
I hope you loved cooking this dish.

  4. Ashish John Prabhakar

November, 2019 at 10:42 pm  *  Reply

Hi, Arun  
For a change I had prawns in my kitchen and had no time so wanted to keep it
simple. Your Butter & Garlic Fried Prawns was very simple and very tasty.  
Thank you  
Ashish

    * The Take It Easy Chef

November, 2019 at 10:15 pm  *  Reply

Hi Ashish,  
Thank you very much!  
I am chuffed to hear that you liked cooking and tasting the butter and garlic
fried prawns 🙂

  5. Renuka Abraham

November, 2019 at 2:18 pm  *  Reply

  
The Chilli Fried Prawns is one of the most exquisitely simple and well
presented recipes I ve tried in a long time.  
My son enjoyed it and I m hooked to your page!  
Thank you!!!

    * The Take It Easy Chef

November, 2019 at 10:29 pm  *  Reply

Thank you very much, Renuka 🙂  
It is always a joy to receive such generous comments!

  6. Natalie

July, 2017 at 4:42 am  *  Reply

Thanks for sharing this looks amazing!

    * The Take It Easy Chef

July, 2017 at 10:27 am  *  Reply

Thank YOU Natalie! 🙂

### Leave a Comment Cancel

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Message

Name *

Email Address *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

Notify me of new posts by email.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

### Instagram

##### Arun Velekkat

@thetakeiteasychef

Biriyani Lover, Food Blogger, Food Writer in that order. I write about simple,
honest food using local, organic produce.

  *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   * 

View on Instagram

@thetakeiteasychef

•

Follow

Place one or two parottas on a plate. Pour a generous helping of chicken salna
on the side. Let the curry slowly trickle into the crispy, flaky parotta. When
they meet, there is magic! Tear a piece of parotta soaked in the salna and put
it in your mouth. Gently chew and feel all the textures - The crispiness of
the outer layers. The slightly soggy bit with the salna. This is street food
at its best. This is an improved version of the chicken salna I had posted
before. I thought this would be a good one to resume here. . This chicken
salna recipe, like many other popular recipes on this blog, is from a mom's
kitchen. I got this recipe from my cousin. He sourced it from a friend who got
it from his mom. This chicken salna recipe will help you cook your favourite
street food in the comfort of your kitchen. . Check out the recipe from the
link in the bio. . . . #TheTakeItEasyChef #parotta #malabarparotta
#chennaistreetfood #madurai #parottasalna #salna #tamilnadufood #chickensalna
#tamilfood #chennai #southindianfood #indianchicken #homecooking
#foodphotography #indianfood #vscofood #yahoofood #foodtalkindia #sonyimages
#sonyalpha #sonyalphasclub #sonyphotogallery #foodblogfeed #bengalurudiaries
#recipeoftheday #easyrecipe #foodoftheday #homemade

3 weeks ago

View on Instagram |

1/9

@thetakeiteasychef

•

Follow

Feels great to be back! As we used to do before, let's cook some delicious
food! . . . #thetakeiteasychef #indianfood #localfood #foodphotography
#foodporn #foodstagram #foodblogger #instafood #foodlover #yummy #delicious
#foodgasm #homemade #foodpics #instagood #foodies #foodiesofinstagram
#healthyfood #tasty #dinner #indianfood #love #cooking #lunch #bhfyp
#foodstyling #dessert #foodblog #foodpic #breakfast #foodlovers

3 weeks ago

View on Instagram |

2/9

@thetakeiteasychef

•

Follow

Are you one of those gentle souls who love their potato snacks but has been
trying to stay away as they are almost always deep-fried? If yes, this baked
potato wedges is your redemption. . These baked potato wedges are crispy on
the outside, succulent on the inside, and packed with a load of flavours! You
got to try it only once to believe how good they are! . If you are looking for
a delicious, yet healthy and easy-to-make snack, you don’t have to look beyond
these oven-baked potato wedges! . Check out the easy recipe with step-by-step
recipes from the link in the bio. . . . . . #thetakeiteasychef #potatowedges
#potatowedges🍟 #frenchfries #whatveganeats #bestofvegan #bakedpotatoes
#comfortfood #whatvegetarianseat #bakedchips #crisps #homebaking #potatochips
#foodphotography #feedfeed #vscofood #yahoofood #foodtalkindia #recipeoftheday
#easyrecipe #foodoftheday #eathealthy #healthyeating #homecooking #food52
#potatocrisps #bakedpotato #bakedpotatoes #homefries #chilifries

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

3/9

@thetakeiteasychef

•

Follow

This whole wheat jaggery cake is a healthier take on the classic pound cake.
This delightful cake is moist, light, and airy and a perfect companion for
your hot cup of tea! . We are not using regular flour or sugar. Instead, we
have healthier calories from whole wheat flour and jaggery. Instead of butter,
the main ingredient is oil. The only butter in this recipe is for greasing the
cake pan. By the way, did I tell you that this is an eggless cake as well? .
Check out the recipe from the link in the bio. . .This recipe is from the
uber-talented Shreya of @sugar.dust.bangalore . . . #thetakeiteasychef #cake
#cakes#eggless #wholewheat#wholewheatcake #egglesscake#vegetarian #sweet
#dessert#foodgram #baking #realsimple#foodstyling #foodandrustic#thebakefeed
#jaggery #homebaking . . . #whatveganeats #whatvegetarianseat
#eatingfortheinsta #buzzfeast #feedyoursoull #heresmyfood #foodphotography
#feedfeed #vscofood #yahoofood #foodtalkindia #recipeoftheday

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

4/9

@thetakeiteasychef

•

Follow

Think of potato podimas as a flavourful Indian version of mashed potatoes
cooked with a seasoning of mustard seeds, urad dal, and curry leaves. .
Imagine the fragrance when mustard seeds, urad dal, and fresh curry leaves are
tempered in oil. Now add mashed potatoes to the pan. The smooth, creamy mashed
potatoes will absorb all the great flavours. That, my friends, is the story of
any good potato podimas! . There is nothing pretentious about potato podimas!
It is a simple preparation with some basic ingredients. For an Indian recipe,
it requires very few spices. Potato podimas is probably a South Indian
rendition of the classic mashed potatoes. But it is quintessentially Indian
and a delicious dish that you can put together without any effort. . Check out
the easy recipe with step-by-step pictures from the link in the bio. . . . . .
. #thetakeiteasychef #homemade #indiancuisine #podimas #potato #potatoes
#potatocurry #potatopodimas #indianvegetarian #indianvegetarianfood #poriyal
#healthyrecipes #plantbaseddiet #healthycooking #vegetarian
#whatvegetarianseat #whatveganeats #homecooking #food52 #foodphotography
#feedfeed #indianfood #vscofood #yahoofood #foodtalkindia #cooking
#recipeoftheday #easyrecipe #foodoftheday #buzzfeedfood

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

5/9

@thetakeiteasychef

•

Follow

Burmese Khow Suey - Khow Suey is probably the first thing that comes to mind
when you think about Burmese cuisine. . If something can be called a bowl of
happiness, this could well be it. Burmese Khow Suey is a delicious noodle dish
made with egg noodles, curried chicken and coconut milk. Served with a variety
of condiments, each spoon full of soup you eat will be bursting with flavours!
. There are many variants of Khow Suey recipes. Chefs across the world have
tailored it to suit their local preferences and ingredients that are easily
available in their kitchens. In some recipes, you’ll see fish sauce and
peanuts, while in some others chicken stock, paprika and cayenne peppers. .
This is ‘The Take It Easy’ version of Khow Suey. I have used only those
ingredients that I could source fresh in India. Try it this weekend. Have a
big, hearty bowl of happiness! . Check out the easy recipe with step-by-step
pictures from the link in the bio. . . . . . . #TheTakeItEasyChef #khowsuey
#burma #khowsuey🍲 #khowsueyrecipe #burmese #burmesefood #burmesekhowsuey
#burmesekhaosuey #khaosuey #noodlesoup #eggnoodles #eggnoodlesoup
#foodblogfeed #easyrecipes #simplefood #bangalorefoodies #recipesfromscratch
#homecooking #foodphotography #vscofood #yahoofood #foodtalkindia #sonyalpha
#foodblogfeed #bengalurudiaries #recipeoftheday #easyrecipe #foodoftheday
#homemade

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

6/9

@thetakeiteasychef

•

Follow

Chilli Fried Prawns 🍤 This chilli fried prawns is the prawn fry of good times!
Just five ingredients, minimum cooking time, and maximum deliciousness – that
summarises this recipe! . Are you worried how you can add a little oomph to
your late night dinner preps after a busy day at work? This chilli fried
prawns recipe is for you! Planning to unwind with a chilled drink and a book
after a long, tiring day? This prawn fry will be your perfect accompaniment.
It’ll be ready in no time, and you get the rest of the evening to yourself. .
Chilli powder, salt and vinegar is combined to form the marinade. Coat the
prawns with this paste, and leave for a few minutes to soak up the flavours.
Fry them on a pan with just enough oil. You get a lovely plate of fried
prawns. . Recipe from the link in the bio. . . . #thetakeiteasychef #shrimp
#jhinga #friedprawns #masalaprawns #SaveOurOcean #eatinseason #FoodTalkIndia
#prawns #keralafood #GodsOwnCountry #thaninaadan #saltandpeppershrimp
#foodblogfeed #easyrecipes #simplefood #bangalorefoodies #recipesfromscratch
#homecooking #foodphotography #indianfood #vscofood #yahoofood #sonyalpha
#foodblogfeed #bengalurudiaries #recipeoftheday #easyrecipe #foodoftheday
#homemade

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

7/9

@thetakeiteasychef

•

Follow

Easy Butter Chicken . Now you can create a restaurant-style butter chicken
without spending hours in the kitchen. This easy butter chicken is so easy
that you can add it to your weekday cooking plans. . Succulent pieces of
chicken marinated in a yoghurt base and cooked in an onion-tomato paste with
select whole spices and butter. This butter chicken recipe is a crowd-pleaser.
. I have dialled back the richness quotient so that you don’t have to feel
guilty savouring this delicious chicken curry. I have kept cream as an
optional ingredient. I found that one can still make a good butter chicken
without adding any cream. . Check out the step-by-step recipe and pictures
from the link in my bio. . . . #thetakeiteasychef #homemade
#butterchickencurry #indiancuisine #indiancurry #chickencurry #butterchicken
#myfab5 #f52grams #dailyfoodfeed #lovefood #eatingfortheinsta #buzzfeast
#feedyoursoull #heresmyfood #eater #eattheworld #homecooking #food52
#foodphotography #feedfeed #indianfood #vscofood #yahoofood #foodtalkindia
#cooking #recipeoftheday #easyrecipe #foodoftheday #buzzfeedfood

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

8/9

@thetakeiteasychef

•

Follow

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

9/9

### Follow me

  * facebook
  * twitter
  * instagram
  * pinterest
  * stumbleupon
  * google

### About the chef

### Sweet Tooth

### A healthy pick

Copyright © 2019 Arun velekkat & The Take It Easy Chef -- Designed by WPZOOM

