https://www.myrecipes.com/recipe/grilled-rack-of-lamb-with-saffron-rice


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

MyRecipes MyRecipes

  * Course
  * Baking
  * Global
  * Healthy
  * Favorite Ingredients
  * Holidays and Occasions
  * Quick and Easy
  * Convenience Recipes
  * BBQ and Grilling
  * How To
  * Extra Crispy
  * News

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Account

  * Register
  * Newsletters
  * Email Preferences
  * Logout

Login

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore MyRecipes

MyRecipes MyRecipes

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * 55+ Easy Dinner Recipes for Busy Weeknights

####  55+ Easy Dinner Recipes for Busy Weeknights

Everybody understands the stuggle of getting dinner on the table after a long
day. If you're looking for a simple recipe to simplify your weeknight, you've
come to the right place--easy dinners are our specialty. For an easy supper
that you can depend on, we picked out some of our tried-and-true favorites
that have gotten us through even the busiest of days. Whether you're cooking
for yourself or for a family, these easy dinners are sure to leave everyone
satisfied and stress-free.  Read More

    * The Brilliant Secret to Making Better Mashed Potatoes

####  The Brilliant Secret to Making Better Mashed Potatoes

Trust me, it's so worth it.  Read More

    * 65 Super Easy Finger Foods to Make for Any Party

####  65 Super Easy Finger Foods to Make for Any Party

From chips and dip to one-bite apps, finger foods are the perfect way to kick
off a party. No forks or spoons required, just easy-to-pick-up party foods, so
you can clean up in no time.  Read More

  * Course

### Course

See All Course

    * Best Appetizer Recipes...Ever
    * Best Drink Recipes for Any Occasion
    * Salad Recipes
    * The Ultimate Guide to Sensational Sides
    * Soup and Stew Recipes
    * Easy Entertaining for Everyone
    * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes
    * Main Dishes and Entrees
    * Dinner Recipes
    * Dessert Recipes

  * Baking

### Baking

See All Baking

    * Bread Recipes
    * Our Most-Loved Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Pie Recipes

  * Global

### Global

See All Global

    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes
    * Middle Eastern Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Malaysian Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * Chinese Recipes
    * African Recipes
    * American Recipes
    * Cajun and Creole Recipes
    * Caribbean Recipes
    * South American Recipes
    * Southern Recipes
    * German Recipes

  * Healthy

### Healthy

See All Healthy

    * Easy, Healthy Recipes
    * Healthy Breakfasts
    * Healthy Dinners
    * Healthy Desserts
    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Diet and Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Low Carbohydrate Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Favorite Ingredients

### Favorite Ingredients

See All Favorite Ingredients

    * The Ultimate Guide to Chicken
    * Vegetable Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Cheese Recipes
    * Chocolate Recipes
    * Pasta Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Holidays and Occasions

### Holidays and Occasions

See All Holidays and Occasions

    * A Foodie's Guide to Halloween Recipes
    * The Ultimate Thanksgiving Guide
    * Hanukkah Recipes
    * Your Ultimate Christmas Recipe Guide
    * Our Most Festive New Year's Recipes
    * Best-Ever Super Bowl Sunday Recipes
    * Best Valentine's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * The Ultimate Guide to Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Labor Day Recipes
    * The Ultimate Fourth of July Guide
    * Memorial Day Recipes
    * Touchdown-Worthy Tailgate Recipes
    * Wedding and Shower Recipes

  * Quick and Easy

### Quick and Easy

See All Quick and Easy

    * 15-Minute Recipes for Busy Home Cooks
    * 5 Ingredients or Less
    * Dinner Tonight
    * No-Cook Recipes
    * 45-Minute Recipes

  * Convenience Recipes

### Convenience Recipes

See All Convenience Recipes

    * Budget-Friendly Recipes
    * Our Top Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Our Favorite Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes

  * BBQ and Grilling

### BBQ and Grilling

See All BBQ and Grilling

    * Grilled Beef Recipes
    * Grilled Fish Recipes
    * Grilled Shrimp Recipes
    * Grilled Chicken Recipes
    * Grilled Pork Recipes
    * Grilled Vegetable Recipes

  * How To

### How To

See All How To

    * 7 Ways With...
    * Videos
    * Ingredients and Tools
    * Kitchen Cleaning

  * Extra Crispy
  * News

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Account

  * Register
  * Newsletters
  * Email Preferences
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Grilled Rack of Lamb with Saffron Rice

# Grilled Rack of Lamb with Saffron Rice

Rating: 5 stars

5 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 4 
  * 4 star values: 1 
  * 3 star values: 0 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 5 Ratings 
  * 5 Reviews 

A rich, succulent cut of lamb with an earthy spice rub and rice maintain a
good nutrition profile. The spices add flavor to the lamb with no additional
fat and negligible sodium, while the prudent three-ounce serving size of meat
keeps fat in check. Serving this entree with a spiced rice rounds out the
meal. One serving of this dish offers about one-fourth of your daily saturated
fat allotment. Plate with steamed haricots verts.

By Jaime Harder, MA, RD

Recipe by Cooking Light April 2008

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Grilled Rack of Lamb with Saffron Rice

Credit: Randy Mayor; Styling: Leigh Ann Ross

## Recipe Summary

Yield:

4 servings (serving size: 2 lamb chops and 3/4 cup rice)

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * Cooking spray 
  * 1 cup diced onion 
  * 2 garlic cloves, minced 
  * 1 cup uncooked basmati rice 
  * 2 cups fat-free, less-sodium chicken broth 
  * ¼ teaspoon saffron threads, crushed 
  * 1 bay leaf 
  * ¾ teaspoon kosher salt 
  * ½ teaspoon ground cumin 
  * ½ teaspoon ground cinnamon 
  * ½ teaspoon paprika 
  * ⅛ teaspoon ground coriander 
  * ⅛ teaspoon ground cardamom 
  * ⅛ teaspoon ground red pepper 
  * 1 (1 1/2-pound) French-cut rack of lamb (8 ribs) 
  * 1 teaspoon olive oil 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Heat a medium saucepan over medium heat. Coat pan with cooking spray. Add
onion and garlic to pan; cook 5 minutes or until golden brown, stirring
frequently. Add rice and next 3 ingredients (through bay leaf); bring to a
boil. Cover, reduce heat, and simmer 20 minutes. Discard bay leaf. Keep warm.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Prepare grill.

  * Step 3

Combine salt and next 6 ingredients (through pepper). Brush lamb with oil, and
rub with salt mixture. Place lamb on grill rack coated with cooking spray;
grill 10 minutes, turning once or until a thermometer registers 145° (medium-
rare) to 160° (medium). Let stand 5 minutes before slicing into chops. Serve
lamb with rice.

  * Step 4

Wine note: Lamb--even spicy lamb like this--is one of the most flexible meats
when it comes to wine. It goes with just about every major red varietal. That
said, when spice plays a key role, as it does here, I love to choose a thick,
rich, spicy red that will both mirror the spiciness of the dish and act as a
soft, thick backdrop. An Australian shiraz is perfect. And since this is a
special, fairly expensive cut of meat, I've chosen a wine worthy of it:
Penfolds St. Henri 2003 from South Australia, $ --Karen MacNeil

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

294 calories; calories from fat 35%; fat 11.3g; saturated fat 4.5g; mono fat
4.7g; poly fat 0.5g; protein 24.1g; carbohydrates 22.6g; fiber 1.9g;
cholesterol 68mg; iron 2.4mg; sodium 618mg; calcium 40mg.

Advertisement

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews (5)

Add Rating & Review

Sort by:  Newest

Newest Oldest

carolfitz

Rating: 4 stars

12/25/2012

Worked with two four-rib pieces so there'd be more "end-cuts." Prepped lamb to
recipe, adding 1/2tsp turmeric & covered the bones with foil. This was a big
hit, easy to make & great flavor. Served with our "own" recipe for saffron
rice & steamed green beans.

srwfromorange

Rating: 5 stars

11/11/2010

Outstanding Lamb & rice. I served this with Autumn Salad with red wine
vinaigrette from CL Oct 07 & a little (abt 1 tsp)Jalapena Jelly as a sauce for
the lamb. I will definately make this again.

TeresaMichelsen

Rating: 5 stars

06/26/2010

Excellent. I didn't have a grill so cooked it in my oven, which took a little
longer. The aromatic spices made my house smell wonderful for days, and were
fantastic with the lamb.

NicoleSharonet

Rating: 5 stars

05/15/2010

I've been looking for a lamb recipe since the restaurant we used to go to for
grilled lamb closed down. This one is absolutely perfect! I used center cut
lamb chuck which is really tender. I will be serving this the next time I want
to impress my friends and family.

tejaksw

Rating: 5 stars

03/30/2009

Super lamb and rice!! Highly recommend.

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Grilled Rack of Lamb with Saffron Rice

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Grilled Rack of Lamb with Saffron Rice

##  All Reviews for Grilled Rack of Lamb with Saffron Rice

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

MyRecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithMyRecipes.com is part of the Allrecipes Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporation. MyRecipes is a registered trademark of Meredith
Corporation All Rights Reserved. MyRecipes may receive compensation for some
links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to
change without notice.  Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of
Servicethis link opens in a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab
California Do Not Sellthis link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis
link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 MyRecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.myrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Grilled Rack of Lamb with Saffron Rice

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

