https://www.nestle-family.com/en/recipes/roasted-lamb-leg-oriental-rice


Skip to main content

### Browse Here

  * My Ramadan
    * Ramadan Calendar
      * Ramadan Calendar Bahrain 2022
      * Ramadan Calendar Jordan 2022
      * Ramadan Calendar KSA 2022
      * Ramadan Calendar Kuwait 2022
      * Ramadan Calendar Lebanon 2022
      * Ramadan Calendar Oman 2022
      * Ramadan Calendar Qatar 2022
      * Ramadan Calendar UAE 2022
    * Ramadan Recipes
  * RECIPES
    * By Course or Type
    * Ramadan Recipes
    * By Method
    * By Product
    * Healthy Eating
    * Iranian Recipes
    * Kuwaiti Recipes
    * Levant Recipes
    * Saudi Arabian Recipes
    * By Cuisine
    * By Occasion
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Asian Recipes
    * International Cuisine Recipes
    * Iraqi Recipes
    * Lebanese Recipes
    * Omani Recipes
    * Mediterranean Recipes
  * Kids
    * Nutrition & Research
    * Recipes
  * Nutrition and Health
    * Myth & Tips
    * Nutrition Dictionary
  * BRANDS
    * Aero
    * COFFEE MATE
    * CRUNCH® CEREALS
    * Cocoa Puffs
    * Fitness Toasties
    * ILLUMA 3
    * KLIM®
    * MAGGI®
    * NAN® 3
    * NESCAFÉ®
    * NESQUIK®
    * NESTLÉ® CERELAC®
    * NESTLÉ® Pure Life®
    * NIDO® PLUS
    * PROGRESS KIDS GOLD
    * SMARTIES®
    * COUNTRY CORN FLAKES®
    * Chocapic
    * Cookie Crisp
    * HONEY CHEERIOS®
    * KITKAT®
    * LION® CEREAL
    * NESCAFÉ® Dolce Gusto®
    * NESQUIK® CEREALS
    * NESTLÉ FITNESS®
    * NESTLÉ® DESSERT SOLUTIONS
    * NIDO® FORTIFIED
    * PROMISE PE GOLD
    * Perrier

  * Login
  * Register

    * English
    * عربى
    *     *     *     * Search

Please wait

    * By Course or Type

    * Main Course

    * Red Meat

# Roasted Lamb Leg with Oriental Rice

    * 0:25
    * 2:45
    *     * _8_

    *     *     *     *     *     * ___INGREDIENTS_

#### Roasted Lamb Leg with Oriental Rice with  _ _

    * ___NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION_

#### Roasted Lamb Leg with Oriental Rice with  _ _

    * ___HOW TO PREPARE_

#### Roasted Lamb Leg with Oriental Rice with  _ _

    * ___REVIEWS_

#### Roasted Lamb Leg with Oriental Rice with  _ _

    * 1500 g lamb leg with bone 
    * 2 cups or 500 ml of water 
    * 2 tablespoons vegetable oil 
    * 1 medium onion or 125 g, chopped 
    * 250 g minced lamb 
    * 8 whole cardamom pods 
    * 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon 
    * 1¼ teaspoon ground black pepper 
    * 3 cubes MAGGI Chicken Stock 
    * 2½ cups or 500 g American rice, soaked in water for an hour and filtered 
    * 4½ cups or 1125 ml of water, additional amount 

    * Energy 732 Kcal
    * Protein 46 g
    * Carbohydrate 55 g
    * Fats 35 g

One of our expert Nutritionists is ready to answer your questions on health,
nutrition, and diet for you and your family. How may we help you?

1

Put lamb leg in oven tray (season with salt, pepper and little of vegetable
oil) and place in a 200°C preheated oven for 30 minutes or until it becomes
golden brown in color. Add the water then cover with foil and return into the
oven. Keep in oven for another 2¼ hours or until the meat is tender.

2

Meanwhile, heat oil in a large saucepan, add and cook onions with occasional
stirring for 4 minutes or until almost golden.

3

Add minced lamb and cook until its brown in color then add cardamom, spices
and MAGGI Chicken Stock cubes; stir for few seconds.

4

Add rice and stir for 2 minutes then add the additional water. Stir
occasionally until it boils then cover and simmer over a low heat for 20-25
minutes or until rice is cooked.

5

Spoon the rice in serving platter. Remove the lamb meat from bones and arrange
them over the rice and garnish with fried nuts and serve plain yogurt aside.

Dont’ forget to save this recipe in your very own Nestlé Family Recipe Book.
Kindly Login or Register to save this recipe and more.

Hope you enjoyed our recipe. We would love to hear your feedback and comments
regarding this recipe. Would you like to leave us a review?

___INGREDIENTS_

#### Roasted Lamb Leg with Oriental Rice with  _ _

    * 1500 g lamb leg with bone 
    * 2 cups or 500 ml of water 
    * 2 tablespoons vegetable oil 
    * 1 medium onion or 125 g, chopped 
    * 250 g minced lamb 
    * 8 whole cardamom pods 
    * 1 tablespoon ground cinnamon 
    * 1¼ teaspoon ground black pepper 
    * 3 cubes MAGGI Chicken Stock 
    * 2½ cups or 500 g American rice, soaked in water for an hour and filtered 
    * 4½ cups or 1125 ml of water, additional amount 

___NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION_

#### Roasted Lamb Leg with Oriental Rice with  _ _

###

    * Energy 732 (Kcal)
    * Protein 46 (g)
    * Carbohydrate 55 (g)
    * Total Fat 35 (g)

___HOW TO PREPARE_

#### Roasted Lamb Leg with Oriental Rice with  _ _

1

Put lamb leg in oven tray (season with salt, pepper and little of vegetable
oil) and place in a 200°C preheated oven for 30 minutes or until it becomes
golden brown in color. Add the water then cover with foil and return into the
oven. Keep in oven for another 2¼ hours or until the meat is tender.

2

Meanwhile, heat oil in a large saucepan, add and cook onions with occasional
stirring for 4 minutes or until almost golden.

3

Add minced lamb and cook until its brown in color then add cardamom, spices
and MAGGI Chicken Stock cubes; stir for few seconds.

4

Add rice and stir for 2 minutes then add the additional water. Stir
occasionally until it boils then cover and simmer over a low heat for 20-25
minutes or until rice is cooked.

5

Spoon the rice in serving platter. Remove the lamb meat from bones and arrange
them over the rice and garnish with fried nuts and serve plain yogurt aside.

___REVIEWS_

#### Roasted Lamb Leg with Oriental Rice with  _ _

Hope you enjoyed our recipe. We would love to hear your feedback and comments
regarding this recipe. Would you like to leave us a review?

####  ___NEW AND EXCITING SIMILAR DISHES FOR YOU TO TRY OUT_

    * Show Me More 

#####  Eggplant Fatteh with Meat and Keshk

#####  Yemeni Meat Stew

#####  Potato Stew

#####  Lamb Salona

#####  Saudi Lamb Stew - Gorsan

#####  Light Lentil Soup with Minced Beef

#####  Saudi Lamb and Tomato - Al Makhtoum

#####  Saudi Meat Kebab - Kebab El Mirou

Recipes __

Kids __

Nutrition and Health __

Our Brands __

    * Home
    * My Ramadan
    * Video
    * Recipes
    * Security and Privacy
    * Terms & Conditions
    * Site Map

© 2021 All Intellectual Property Rights are reserved to Société des Produits
Nestlé S. A. Vevey – Switzerland – Trademarks Owner

_Nestlé Middle East Consumer Portal_ Recipes Nutrition Articles

