https://www.food.com/recipe/arabian-roast-lamb-fit-for-a-king-and-queen-with-spiced-rice-388723


  * Recipes
    * Breakfast & Brunch Recipes 
    * Lunch Recipes 
    * Appetizers & Snack Recipes 
    * Dinner Recipes 
    * Dessert Recipes 
    * Drink & Cocktail Recipes 
    * Side Dish Recipes 
    * Grilling & BBQ Recipes 
    * Microwave Recipes 
    * Quick & Easy Recipes 
    * Slow-Cooker Recipes 
    * Air Fryer Recipes 
    * Instant Pot Recipes 
    * Baking Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Popular
    * Trending Now 
    * Casserole Recipes 
    * Chili Recipes 
    * Soup Recipes 
    * Pasta Recipes 
    * Bread Recipes 
    * Cookie Recipes 
    * Salad Recipes 
    * Tofu Recipes 
    * Copycat Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Meat & Seafood
    * Chicken Recipes 
    * Salmon Recipes 
    * Pork Chop Recipes 
    * Ground Beef Recipes 
    * Shrimp Recipes 
  * Healthy & Diet
    * Keto Recipes 
    * Healthy Recipes 
    * Vegetarian Recipes 
    * Vegan Recipes 
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes 
    * Weight Watchers Recipes 
    * Low-Carb Recipes 
    * Gluten-Free Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Holidays
    * Dinner Party Recipes 
    * Game Day Recipes 
    * Valentine's Day Recipes 
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes 
    * Easter Recipes 
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes 
    * Mother's Day Recipes 
    * Memorial Day Recipes 
    * Juneteenth Recipes 
    * 4th of July Recipes 
    * Halloween Recipes 
    * Thanksgiving Recipes 
    * Hanukkah Recipes 
    * Christmas Recipes 
    * New Year's Recipes 
  * Cuisine
    * Mexican Recipes 
    * Italian Recipes 
    * Indian Recipes 
    * Thai Recipes 
    * Korean Recipes 
    * French Recipes 
    * Latin American Recipes 
    * Chinese Recipes 
    * Japanese Recipes 
    * Spanish Recipes 
  * Seasonal
    * Spring Recipes 
    * Summer Recipes 
    * Fall Recipes 
    * Winter Recipes 
    * See More 

icons / profile

icons / arrow / arrow-left

  1. Recipes 
  2. Long Grain Rice 

# Arabian Roast Lamb Fit for a King and Queen, With Spiced Rice

2

Recipe by BecR2400

2

People talking

Join In Now  Join the conversation!

  * 

Save Recipe

This is a mouthwatering recipe for Arabian roast lamb and spiced rice, and it
is truly fit for a King and Queen! Roast leg or shoulder of lamb which is
cooked a la cuillère (to such tenderness that you can cut it "with a spoon" ),
accompanied by rice with ground meat and nuts, is a traditional and central
part of any Arabian feast. This recipe which I have slightly adapted, is from
Claudia Roden's book "Arabesque". She says that she got the recipe from famed
caterer Nazira Bitar, who prepared a banquet in Stockholm that was hosted by
the King of Jordan for King Gustav and Queen Silvia.

Ready In:

    4hrs

Serves:

     6-8 

Units:

     US 

icons / print PRINT RECIPE

  * icons / email
  * icons / social / pinterest
  * icons / social / facebook

2

People talking

Join In Now  Join the conversation!

## ingredients

Nutrition

  * 5  lbs leg of lamb (or 2 shoulders)
  * 1  teaspoon ground cinnamon
  * 1⁄2 teaspoon ground allspice
  * 1⁄2 teaspoon ground cumin
  * 1⁄2 teaspoon ground cardamom
  * salt and black pepper
  * 2  tablespoons sunflower oil
  * 1  onion, cut in quarters 
  * 1  head garlic, cut in half 
  * ###  FOR THE RICE 

  * 2 1⁄2 cups basmati rice
  * 1  large onion, chopped 
  * 3  tablespoons sunflower oil
  * 1⁄2 lb ground beef
  * salt and black pepper
  * 1  teaspoon ground cinnamon
  * 1⁄2 teaspoon allspice
  * 1⁄2 teaspoon ground nutmeg
  * 1⁄2 teaspoon ground cloves
  * 4 1⁄4 cups hot lamb (use 2 bouillon cubes) or 4 1/4 cups chicken stock (use 2 bouillon cubes)
  * 1⁄3 cup sliced almonds
  * 1⁄3 cup pistachios
  * 1⁄3 cup pine nuts

## directions

  * Preheat the oven to 425F degrees. Wash and trim the lamb of any excess fat, and pat dry with a clean cloth.
  * Rub the leg of lamb all over with the spices, salt, pepper, and oil. Place it in a large roasting pan and put it into the preheated oven. After 20 minutes, take the pan out of the oven, pour in 4 1/4 cups water, and add the onion and garlic. Cover the meat with a large sheet of foil and put it back in the oven. Lower the heat to 300F degrees, and cook for 3 hours.
  * While the meat is cooking, prepare the rice. Wash the rice in cold water, rinse in a fine mesh strainer under cold running water, and drain. In a large pan, fry the onion in 2 tablespoons oil until it is soft and beginning to color. Add the ground beef and cook, stirring, turning it over and crushing it with a fork to break up any lumps, until it has changed color. Add salt and pepper and all the spices: cinnamon, allspice, nutmeg, and cloves. Stir well and add the rice, then stir again.
  * Pour in the boiling stock, mix well, and simmer, covered, for about 10 to 20 minutes until the rice is tender. Add a little stock or water if it becomes too dry. Drain (if necessary) and keep it on the side until you are ready to serve.
  * Fry the almonds, pistachios, and pine nuts separately in the remaining oil until they just begin to color. When the leg of lamb is ready, place it on a serving dish with the rice. You can cut the meat off the bone into slices, if you wish. Sprinkle the fried nuts all over the rice. Serve the flavorsome meat broth produced at the bottom of the roasting pan as a sauce. Heat it through and serve it in a jug, first pouring off as much of the fat from the top as you can.

Submit a Recipe Correction

#### MY PRIVATE NOTES

Add a Note

Advertisement

Advertisement

### RECIPE MADE WITH LOVE BY

Follow Me

@BecR2400

Contributor

@BecR2400

Contributor

"This is a mouthwatering recipe for Arabian roast lamb and spiced rice, and it
is truly fit for a King and Queen! Roast leg or shoulder of lamb which is
cooked a la cuillère (to such tenderness that you can cut it "with a spoon" ),
accompanied by rice with ground meat and nuts, is a traditional and central
part of any Arabian feast. This recipe which I have slightly adapted, is from
Claudia Roden's book "Arabesque". She says that she got the recipe from famed
caterer Nazira Bitar, who prepared a banquet in Stockholm that was hosted by
the King of Jordan for King Gustav and Queen Silvia."

  * ###### recipes

772

  * ###### tweaks

22

  * ###### photos

641

icons / sparkles / sparkles

### JOIN THE CONVERSATION

icons / sparkles / sparkles

icons / camera

upload

icons / star / star-outline

review

icons / write-a-review

tweak

icons / question

ask

all

reviews

tweaks

q&a

sort by: most popularmost recent icons / navigate / navigate-down

  1. review by  tazadeh 

4/9/2017

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

Food.com is not easy to sign into to leave comments! It took 10 minutes to do
this but I thought it was worthy of 5 stars. This could be why there are few
reviews. The only thing I didn't like was the cardamom, so I would leave it
out unless you are a fan. I also added 1/2 tsp turmeric to help reduce the
smell of the lamb. My husband is Persian and he liked this.

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  2. photo by  lynn E. 

11/4/2013

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  3. review by  lynn E. 

11/2/2013

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

Second attempt leaving a review. Wonderful recipe. Was perfect! My husband's
comment was

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  4. creation by  BecR2400 

9/4/2009

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

This is a mouthwatering recipe for Arabian roast lamb and spiced rice, and it
is truly fit for a King and Queen! Roast leg or shoulder of lamb which is
cooked a la cuillère (to such tenderness that you can cut it "with a spoon" ),
accompanied by rice with ground meat and nuts, is a traditional and central
part of any Arabian feast. This recipe which I have slightly adapted, is from
Claudia Roden's book "Arabesque". She says that she got the recipe from famed
caterer Nazira Bitar, who prepared a banquet in Stockholm that was hosted by
the King of Jordan for King Gustav and Queen Silvia.

Advertisement

### YOU'LL ALSO LOVE

How to Make Meatball Sub Kolaches

28 Springtime Salads for Easter

42 Ideas for a Ham-Free Easter Dinn...

How to Cook Perfect Pork Tenderloin

View All Recipes

### RELATED PAGES

Greek Roast Leg of Lamb with PotatoesRosemary-Mustard Roast Leg of LambRoast
Leg of Lamb - Aussie Style.Elise's Roast Leg of LambSpiced Roast Leg of
LambRosemary Honey Roast Leg of LambChris's Special Roast Lamb LegArni Psito -
Roast Leg of LambRoast Leg of Lamb

View Suggestions

BACK TO TOP

icons / social / facebook icons / social / pinterest icons / social / twitter
icons / social / youtube icons / email

  * All Categories 
  * Site Map 
  * About Us 
  * Help 

The Discovery Family of Networks

  * HGTV
  * DIY Network
  * Food Network
  * Cooking Channel
  * Travel Channel
  * HGTV Poland

© 2022 Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. or its subsidiaries and affiliates. All
rights reserved.

  * Advertise
  * AdChoices
  * Privacy Notice
  * Visitor Agreement

California Privacy Notice CA Do Not Sell My Info

