https://www.watchwhatueat.com/healthy-vegetable-thai-fried-rice/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * About us
    * Privacy Policy
  * Recipes
    * Main Course
    * Breakfast
    * Snacks or Appetizer
    * Dessert and Sweets
    * Non Alcoholic Drink Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
  * Guide to Healthy Eating
  * Shop
  * Videos
  * Contact us
  * ## Nav Social Menu

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest

  * search...

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

search...

  * Summer Drinks
  * Recipe Index
  * About us
  * Contact us

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

√ó

Watch What U Eat > Main Course > Healthy Vegetable Thai Fried Rice

# Healthy Vegetable Thai Fried Rice

Published: Mar 10, 2020 ¬∑ Modified: May 28, 2020 by Watch What U Eat ¬∑ This
post may contain affiliate links ¬∑ 1 Comment

Recipe Print

Make this super easy and healthy Vegetable Thai Fried Rice using a variety of
fresh veggies and aromatic jasmine rice with Thai style sauce. It is a perfect
wholesome fried rice recipe for making a quick dinner or lunch.

Have you tried drunken noodles in Thai restaurants? If you love the flavors in
it, then you will enjoy this homemade Thai style fried rice. This dish is
slightly different from Chinese fried rice.

In the past few months, I have made it several times for our picnic potlucks,
meditation gatherings and of course for our weeknight dinners. It took a long
time to make it happen on this website though, but finally, we have it for you
all!

### Ingredients for Thai fried rice

  * **Rice** - use aromatic brown or white jasmine rice. 
  * **Thai fried rice sauce** - use a blend of soy sauce, fish sauce, oyster sauce, rice vinegar, and little honey to flavor the dish.
  * **Veggies** - dice carrot, bell peppers, mushrooms, etc., into small pieces. I also use green peas.
  * **Shallot or small onion**  - dice into small pieces.
  * **Garlic, ginger,  and Thai red chili** - Mash or chop them finely. 
  * **Cooking oil** - Most of the time, I use olive oil for cooking.  You can also use sesame oil in this recipe. 
  * **Thai basil** - use a generous amount of fresh Thai basil leaves for the authentic flavors. 

## How To Make Vegetable Thai Fried Rice?

#### Cooking Rice:

Cook brown or white jasmine rice according to package instructions. Preferably
cook the rice well in advance and allow it to cool or keep it in the
refrigerator to chill. Cold rice works perfectly well in making fried rice
recipes. Leftover rice also works better if you have them.

#### Thai Fried Rice Sauce:

In a small mixing bowl, combine oyster sauce, soy sauce, fish sauce, rice
vinegar, and some honey. Mix everything well and keep it aside.

#### Cooking Veggies and Rice

Cook mashed fresh garlic, ginger, and Thai red chili in some oil in a large
skillet on medium heat. Then add diced vegetables, green peas and cook them
until they soften. Pour in prepared sauce blend and mix everything well. Now
add cooked cold or chilled rice and mix well to coat the sauce evenly with the
rice. Finally, add fresh Thai basil leaves for the added flavors. Serve warm.

### **How and what to serve with Thai Fried Rice?**

You can serve this vegetarian Thai fried rice warm with some lemon wedges,
fresh cucumber slices, and thinly cut cabbage threads on the side. That's how
they serve rice or noodles in Thai restaurants.

Or pair this dish with chili garlic tofu for added protein content.

### Vegetarian Thai fried rice - Helpful Tips!

  * Cook the Jasmine rice well in advance and let it cool before using in the recipe. This way, you can get nice fluffy rice without breaking the grains. When the rice is cold, the grains separate easily and mix well with the Thai sauce blend and vegetables. 
  * Cut all the vegetables into equal sizes so that they cook evenly. You can keep them crunchy or cook until tender as per your preference.
  * Use a generous amount of fresh Thai basil leaves. This is a key ingredient that adds a lot of flavors into this rice dish. 

#### FRIED RICE VARIATIONS

**How to make Thai fried rice with egg**  

Once the vegetables are cooked with fish sauce blend, make some space in the
pan and cook eggs on one side of veggies. Once the eggs are done, mix them
with veggies in the pan and then add cooked rice.

Or you can also cook eggs with some oil in a separate frying pan. Then mix
this scrambled eggs with prepared fried rice.

**Tofu Fried Rice**

Cut extra-firm tofu into bite-size pieces. Then stir-fry them in little oil
and add it to the prepared fried rice to make it a more filling dish.

**Chicken Thai Fried Rice**

You can cut the chicken into bite-size pieces, cook them in some oil until
they are well done, and then add into the fried rice.

**Seafood Fried Rice  **

Use a variety of seafood like shrimp, fish, or scallops in this rice dish to
make it rich in omega-3 fatty acids and proteins. Just cook them to perfection
before adding into the rice.

### Best kind of rice to use in Thai fried rice?

Usually, aromatic Jasmine Rice is the prime choice for making Thai Fried Rice.
It also comes in brown rice variety, if you prefer.

### Precooked or Leftover Rice Vs. Fresh Rice?

For making any kind of fried rice precooked, cold and slightly dried rice or
leftover rice works best. Because precooked rice does not stick to the pan and
makes the dish more fluffy.

However, you can still use freshly cooked rice to make this dish. Although, it
will take some time to mix the rice and sauce properly. Also, fresh and soft
rice breaks easily while stirring. Despite this, fresh rice gives a more
delicious and fresh taste, which I always prefer. Because fresh rice is easy
to digest and does not put pressure on our stomach.

#### WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN CHINESE FRIED RICE AND THAI FRIED RICE?

The key difference between Chinese fried rice and Thai fried is that Chinese
fried rice uses only soy sauce to flavor the dish while Thai fried rice is
flavored using fish sauce and fresh Thai basil leaves in addition to soy
sauce.

In my recipe, I also love to use the oyster sauce for added deliciousness.

### You will also love these Asian recipes

  * Healthy Fried Brown Rice
  * Vietnamese Healthy Spring Rolls
  * Vietnamese Spring Rolls Salad
  * Chili Garlic Tofu Stir Fry

Print Pin

5 from 1 vote

## Vegetable Thai Fried Rice

Thai fried rice prepared using colorful vegetables and aromatic jasmine rice.
Make it using white rice or brown rice for a wholesome lunch or dinner.

Course: Lunch / Dinner

Cuisine: Thai Inspired

Prep Time 15 minutes

Cook Time 30 minutes

Servings :4

Calories :332kcal

Author:Swati Kadam Gulati

### Equipment

  * ‚ñ¢

Large skillet or pan

  * ‚ñ¢

Wok

### Ingredients

#### Rice

  * ‚ñ¢ 2 cup jasmine rice
  * ‚ñ¢ 3 cup water

#### Fried Rice Sauce

  * ‚ñ¢ 2 tablespoon oyster sauce
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 tablespoon soy sauce
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 teaspoon fish sauce
  * ‚ñ¢ ¬Ω teaspoon honey
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 tablespoon rice vinegar

#### Veggies

  * ‚ñ¢ 1 small onion finely chopped
  * ‚ñ¢ 2 medium carrots  peeled and sliced
  * ‚ñ¢ ¬Ω red bell pepper  diced
  * ‚ñ¢ ¬Ω cup green peas
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 cup sliced shitake mushroom
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 Thai red chili
  * ‚ñ¢ 3-4 whole garlic cloves peeled
  * ‚ñ¢ 1‚Äù  ginger  peeled 
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 tablespoon cooking oil
  * ‚ñ¢ salt to taste
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 cup fresh Thai basil chopped

### Instructions

  * Cook rice according to instructions given on the package. Let it cool.

  * In a small mixing bowl, combine oyster sauce, soy sauce, fish sauce, honey, and vinegar. Mix well and keep it aside.

  * In a molcajete, mash Thai red chili, garlic cloves, and ginger (or finely chop them or use a mini food processor).

  * Heat oil in a large frying pan or wok on medium to high heat. Add mashed chili, garlic, ginger, and cook for a min or so.

  * Then add onion and cook until translucent.

  * Add diced carrot, pepper, green peas, and mushroom and cook them for 2-3 min.

  * Then add prepared sauce blend and mix well.

  * Now add cooked rice and combine well with veggies and sauce. Add salt if necessary.

  * Finally, add chopped fresh Thai basil leaves and serve warm.

### Notes

  1. Cook rice well in advance and let it cool down completely before adding them to the veggies. Leftover rice will also work great in such recipes. Gently fluff the rice using a fork to separate the grains before adding them into the pan or wok.
  2. You can taste test at the end and add more oyster sauce or soy sauce according to your preference. I always tend to add less soy sauce in my recipes to keep the sodium content down.
  3. Be generous in adding Thai basil leaves that make this rice distinct and flavorful.
  4. For additional tips, read the Helpful Tips section above.

### Nutrition

Calories: 332kcal

Tried this recipe?Tag us on Instagram @watchwhatueat or tag #watchwhatueat! OR
leave us a comment & rating below. Your feedback is very important to us.



This post contains affiliate links. For more information on our Affiliate and
Advertising Policy, please click here.

¬´ Air Fryer Whole Chicken

How To Stock Up Your Pantry ¬ª

  * 510
  * 9
  *   *   * 

#### About Watch What U Eat

We are Swati and Tushar, our passion for food and cooking has now led us to
share some healthy, tasty recipes and the benefits of eating certain
ingredients with the goal of inspiring you to eat well and live well.

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Richard says

November 30, 2021 at 5:49 pm

  
Made it this past weekend and everyone loved the flavors in this rice!! Thanks
for sharing üëç

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

## Primary Sidebar

****Hi, we are Swati and Tushar!** **Our passion for food and cooking has led
us to write this blog focusing on healthy recipes to eat well and live well!

More about me ‚Üí

### Summer Drinks

  * Healthy Cranberry Sangria

  * Watermelon Slush Recipe

  * Pineapple Strawberry Sangria

  * Fresh Strawberry Lemonade

  * Healthy And Festive Cranberry Mimosa Recipe

  * Summer Cooling Watermelon Detox Water

### Popular Recipes

  * Healthy Roasted Fajita Vegetables

  * One-Pot Healthy Potato Soup

  * Chicken Taco Rice Casserole Skillet

  * Air Fryer Cauliflower BBQ Wings

## Footer

As Featured On

  * Thank you
  * Contact us
  * Homepage
  * Privacy Policy

Copyright (C) 2022 | Watch What U Eat

  * 9
  *   * 510
  *   * 

