https://www.cookclickndevour.com/thai-fried-rice-vegan/


  * About Me
  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Privacy policy

  *   *   *   * 

Cook Click N Devour!!!

Easy Vegetarian & Vegan Recipes For Everyone

  * About Me
  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Privacy policy

Home / Rice Recipes / **Thai Fried Rice (Vegan)**

Published: September 2, 2020 | Updated May 20, 2021 | By Harini

# Thai Fried Rice (Vegan)

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

Vegan Thai fried rice - So delicious with authentic flavors just like what you
get in Thai restaurants without the meat ðŸ™‚ I recreated this recipe with vivid
memories of the fried rice from the streets of Thailand, absolutely delicious,
flavorful and moreish!

While this is a vegan recipe that I have made with just vegetables, feel free
to add your favorite meat or seafood to suit your taste.

Looking for more Thai fare? Checkout our easy vegan pad thai, thai green
curry, panag curry, red curry, yellow curry

## Easy Thai Fried Rice

Fried rice is so much a part of Asian cuisine. Every Asian country has a
version of fried rice.

Rice, choice of vegetables or meat and mix of various sauces all sauteed in
super high flame. So so delicious, hearty and ready in minutes, no wonder it
is one of the most loved and popular Asian street food!

I love making fried rice at home and often prepare Chinese fried rice, paneer
fried rice, schezwan fried rice and this thai fried rice when I have all the
ingredients handy.

Yes, making this Thai fried rice recipe needs a certain bit of planning.
Though the recipe is fairly simple, we may not have all the ingredients handy.

Next we need rice that is cooked and completely cooled. I suggest you cook the
rice at least 4-5 hours before and cool thoroughly.

To get the authentic taste and flavor of real Thai fried rice, I suggest you
add all the sauces mentioned here without altering the quantity. The sauces
are really needed for that umami here.

With cooked and cooled rice, this fried rice gets ready in 30 minutes flat and
that includes the time for chopping veggies. If you have chopped vegetables
also handy, you can put dinner on table in 20 minutes ðŸ™‚

Here I have made this rice only with vegetables but to make it more hearty and
substantial you can add tofu cubes. I have made tis thai fried rice with tofu
many times and it is delicious. Look out for my instructions below to include
tofu or other protein in this recipe.

This is a super flavorful and delicious rice with loads of roasted cashews and
sesame seeds for crunch. You can serve this on its own with a side of hot
sauce or sometimes I pair this with flavorful tofu basil too.

## This Thai Fried Rice Is

_full of authentic flavor & umami_

_So delicious & addictive_

_vegan & can be made gluten free_

_Full of vegetables_

_full of interesting crunchy toppings like cashews._

_Quick easy weeknight dinner in 15 minutes (with cooked rice)._

Now before getting to the recipe of thai fried rice, here are few tips,
pointers and frequently asked questions answered to make the recipe more
clear.

## Frequently Asked Questions.

**Which Rice Is Best For Thai Fried Rice?** Authentic fried rice you get from
Thai restaurants contains Thai jasmine rice. It has a wonderful unique aroma
that is hard to match with any other rice variety. If it is not available you
can use any long grain white rice like basmati.

**Secret of making fluffy fried rice?** - Cooked and cooled rice is the key to
make perfect fried rice. In any fried rice recipe, you gotta saute the rice in
high flame with veggies or meat. If you are using hot rice, it tends to stick
with each other and also the grains break easily.

Cold rice has dried grains and they hold shape well when sauteed in high
flame. Usually it is recommended to use a day old rice for best results.
However I suggest you at least cook the rice 4-5 hours before and cool
thoroughly.

**What is the difference between Thai fried rice and Chinese fried rice?**

Fried rice is the common name for the dish where rice is sauteed with meat or
veggies and sauces. What differentiates Thai and Chinese fried rice is mostly
the sauce and few add-ins.

Chinese fried rice is mostly made with soy sauce and thai fried rice is made
with oyster or fish sauce. Having said that, most of the Thai restaurants use
soy sauce instead of fish sauce especially in vegetarian versions. Here also I
have used a dash of soy sauce for flavor.

Next difference is thai fried is made with thai jasmine rice and chinese fried
rice is made long grain white rice.

**Can I Make This Rice Gluten Free?** yes easily! Just use gluten free tamari
instead of soy sauce.

## Recipe Notes & Tips

**Sauces-** To get the real flavor and taste of fried rice, especially for
vegetarian or vegan variations, sauces are important addition. Here I have
used a mix of light soy sauce and vegetarian oyster sauce.

The quantities mentioned here yield mildly flavored rice only. If you reduce
it further it will affect the taste and flavor, however you can increase the
sauces to make more flavorful and dark colored rice.

Also to get that umami more you can add a dash of liquid aminos. ( I did not
add)

**Oil** - Use toasted sesame oil if possible for best flavor. If sesame oil is
unavailable, use any neutral flavored oil. Olive oil does not cut well with
this recipe.

Also please do not skimp on oil while making this thai fried rice for best
flavor.

**Vegetables** - You can add any of your favorite vegetables suited for fried
rice in this recipe too. Here I have used shredded cabbage, carrot, beans and
colored peppers. You can also add green peas, snow peas in this recipe.

Slice the vegetables in same size for uniform fast cooking. We have to saute
the veggies in high heat for a brief time, so keep all the ingredients ready
before you begin cooking.

**Protein** - Along with veggies you can add any protein here. Think tofu,
mushrooms etc. If using mushrooms saute along with vegetables.

For tofu, use pressed and cubed extra firm tofu and saute along with
vegetables.

**Optional Add-ins** - Thinly sliced bird's eye chili or chili flakes for more
spice. I used chili fakes.

**Herbs** - Herbs are a interesting addition to this recipe. I love to add
loads of Thai basil and cilantro here. If Thai basil is not available you can
use regular basil in small quantities.

**Toppings** - In generous quantities please ðŸ™‚ Roasted crunchy cashews and
sesame seeds add so much to this recipe, they taste just wonderful along with
flavorful veggies and rice. Of course lemon wedges are a must.

## How To Make Thai Fried Rice

**Prep work**

Cook and cool rice using your preferred method. 1 cup raw rice yields about
2.5 to 3 cups of cooked rice and that is 3 regular servings. So cook
accordingly. Cool the rice thoroughly.

Peel and slice the carrots and beans into thin sticks, shred the cabbage and
thinly slice the bell peppers.

Dry roast cashews and sesame seeds until well toasted and crispy.

**Making Thai fried rice**

Heat 3 tablespoons oil in a large wok or skillet over high flame.

Add mined ginger garlic, sliced onions or shallots and white part of
scallions. Saute in high flame for a minute.

Now add the veggies one by one and keep sauteing in high flame for 2-3
minutes.

Add soy sauce, vegetarian oyster sauce, salt, brown sugar, chili flakes, salt
to taste and freshly cracked black peppercorns.

Saute well in high flame for 2-3 more minutes to release the flavor of sauces.

Next add the cooked rice and saute for a minute or two to coat everything
well. Add 1 teaspoon oil if required.

Add torn basil leaves, toasted cashews, sesame seeds and chopped cilantro
leaves. Mix well.

Serve immedietly.

_I hope you will try this thai fried rice recipe and enjoy as much as we did.
P lease give a star rating â˜… in the recipe card below. Follow us on Pinterest
, Instagram, Facebook   for more recipes and ideas_

## Thai Fried Rice (Vegan)

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

Harini

Vegan Thai fried rice - So delicious with authentic flavors just like what you
get in Thai restaurants without the meat ðŸ™‚ I recreated this recipe with vivid
memories of the fried rice from the streets of Thailand, absolutely delicious,
flavorful and moreish! While this is a vegan recipe that I have made with just
vegetables, feel free to add your favorite meat or seafood to suit your taste.

4.86 from 7 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 15 mins

Cook Time 20 mins

Course Main Course

Cuisine Asian, thai, Thailand

Servings 3

Calories 229 kcal

#### 1 CUP = 250 ml

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * â–¢ 2.5 cups cooked and cooled thai jasmine or any long grain rice from 1 cup raw rice
  * â–¢ 1/4 cup cashews
  * â–¢ 2 tablespoons sesame seeds
  * â–¢ 3 tablespoons toasted sesame oil
  * â–¢ 1 inch ginger root peeled and minced
  * â–¢ 4 garlic cloves peeled and minced
  * â–¢ 4 shallots chopped
  * â–¢ 1/4 cup spring onion whites chopped
  * â–¢ 2 cups chopped mixed vegetables shredded cabbage, beans, carrots bell peppers
  * â–¢ 2 tablespoons soy sauce use tamari for gluten free variation
  * â–¢ 2 tablespoons vegetarian oyster sauce
  * â–¢ 1 teaspoon chili flakes
  * â–¢ 1 teaspoom brown sugar
  * â–¢ 1/2 teaspoon freshly pounded black pepper
  * â–¢ salt to taste
  * â–¢ 2 tablespoons torn thai basil leaves
  * â–¢ 2 tablespoons cilantro leaves chopped

#### to serve

  * â–¢ lemon wedges

### Instructions



#### Preparation

  * Cook and cool rice using your preferred method. 1 cup raw rice yields about 2.5 to 3 cups of cooked rice and that is 3 regular servings. So cook accordingly. Cool the rice thoroughly.

  * Peel and slice the carrots and beans into thin sticks, shred the cabbage and thinly slice the bell peppers.

  * Dry roast cashews and sesame seeds until well toasted and crispy.

####  **Making Thai fried rice**

  * Heat 3 tablespoons oil in a large wok or skillet over high flame.

  * Add mined ginger garlic, sliced onions or shallots and white part of scallions. Saute in high flame for a minute.

  * Now add the veggies one by one and keep sauteing in high flame for 2-3 minutes.

  * Add soy sauce, vegetarian oyster sauce, salt, brown sugar, chili flakes, salt to taste and freshly cracked black peppercorns.

  * Saute well in high flame for 2-3 more minutes to release the flavor of sauces.

  * Next add the cooked rice and saute for a minute or two to coat everything well. Add 1 teaspoon oil if required.

  * Add torn basil leaves, toasted cashews, sesame seeds and chopped cilantro leaves. Mix well.

  * Serve immedietly.

### Notes

 **Sauces-** To get the real flavor and taste of fried rice, especially for
vegetarian or vegan variations, sauces are important addition. Here I have
used a mix of light soy sauce and vegetarian oyster sauce.

The quantities mentioned here yield mildly flavored rice only. If you reduce
it further it will affect the taste and flavor, however you can increase the
sauces to make more flavorful and dark colored rice.

Also to get that umami more you can add a dash of liquid aminos. ( I did not
add)

**Oil** - Use toasted sesame oil if possible for best flavor. If sesame oil is
unavailable, use any neutral flavored oil. Olive oil does not cut well with
this recipe.

Also please do not skimp on oil while making this thai fried rice for best
flavor.

**Vegetables** - You can add any of your favorite vegetables suited for fried
rice in this recipe too. Here I have used shredded cabbage, carrot, beans and
colored peppers. You can also add green peas, snow peas in this recipe.

Slice the vegetables in same size for uniform fast cooking. We have to saute
the veggies in high heat for a brief time, so keep all the ingredients ready
before you begin cooking.

**Protein** - Along with veggies you can add any protein here. Think tofu,
mushrooms etc. If using mushrooms saute along with vegetables.

For tofu, use pressed and cubed extra firm tofu and saute along with
vegetables.

**Optional Add-ins** - Thinly sliced bird's eye chili or chili flakes for more
spice. I used chili fakes.

**Herbs** - Herbs are a interesting addition to this recipe. I love to add
loads of Thai basil and cilantro here. If Thai basil is not available you can
use regular basil in small quantities.

**Toppings** - In generous quantities please ðŸ™‚ Roasted crunchy cashews and
sesame seeds add so much to this recipe, they taste just wonderful along with
flavorful veggies and rice. Of course lemon wedges are a must.

### Nutrition

Serving: 3gCalories: 229kcal

Keyword Thai fried rice

Tried this recipe? Snap a pic and share ðŸ™‚Mention cookclickndevou or tag
cookclickndevour

826 shares

  * Share
  * Pin826
  * Yummly
  * Flipboard
  * Twitter

Shared by Harini

#### About Harini

I am Harini. The recipe developer, food photographer and chef behind cook
click n devour. My aim behind this blog is to provide easy, tried and tested
recipes that beginners can cook with confidence. I took keen interest in
cooking and took courses on cooking, baking during teens purely out of
passion. With a decade of cooking experience I am glad to share my recipes and
culinary knowledge with you all here. Stay tuned and happy cooking!  
Harini :)

### Comments

  1. Connie says

October 22, 2020 at 11:01 am

  
This was delish!  
Thank you for the recipe!!

  2. Isobel says

August 23, 2021 at 1:14 am

  
Amazing,easy and quick to make. I added vegan chicken to it. Thank you.

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

#### Hello, I am Harini

The chef, author and photograper of cook click n devour. Here you'll find
tried & tested vegetarian recipes with step by step photos and videos to make
cooking a pleasure and fulfilling experience. Happy cooking!

Read More

#### Popular Recipes

#### As Seen In

AboutContactPrivacy

Copyright Â©2022, Cook Click N Devour!!!. All Rights Reserved.

