https://ministryofcurry.com/thai-basil-fried-rice/#origins


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * SHOP
    * Amazon Store
    * Cookbook
    * eBooks
    * Cooking Classes
    * Meal Plans
  * RESOURCES
    * Instant Pot 101
    * Air Fryer 101
    * Indian Cooking Tools
    * Cooking 101
    * Essential Indian Spices
    * Guide to Beans and Lentils
    * Holiday Shopping Guide
  * RECIPES
    * Recipe Index
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Oven Recipes
    * Stove Top Recipes
    * Appetizers
    * Breakfast
    * Lunch
    * Desserts
    * Dinner
    * Salad
    * Snacks
    * Drinks
    * Dairy Free
    * Gluten Free
    * Low Carb
    * Vegan
  * ABOUT
  * ## Nav Social Menu

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * YouTube

  * search...

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

search...

  * Recipes
  * Shop
  * Resources
  * Cooking Classes
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

×

Home » Thai

# Thai Basil Fried Rice

Published: Oct 27, 2020 · Modified: May 19, 2021 by Archana · This post may
contain affiliate links · As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying
purchases · 13 Comments

4117 shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe

This vegan Thai basil fried rice will feed 4 people. It only takes about 10
minutes to fry in a wok, so it's a quick meal for your entire family.

This dish is named after the large Thai basil leaves that give it a unique
aroma and flavor. The combination of the sweet and earthy basil with the spicy
chili paste is unmistakable! I used all vegan ingredients, including tofu as
the main protein. If you aren't vegetarian or vegan you can add your favorite
meat to it.

My family and I love eating at Thai restaurants so much that I often make Thai
curries at home. From the Thai red curry, Instant Pot Thai Massaman curry,
Thai Green Curry, Thai Panang Curry to the Instant Pot coconut curry noodle
soup, we adore the delicious Thai flavors.

Jump to:

  * Origins
  * Variations
  * Tips
  * Instructions
  * FAQ
  * Recipe

Not only is this rice dish bursting with flavor, but it's a delight to look
at, too. The green Thai basil leaves complement the red bell pepper slices.
It's like a party on your plate.

## Origins

The fresh Thai basil leaves are what sets this recipe apart from other fried
rice recipes. It is native to Southeast Asia - many people believe it
originated in India, but others consider it native to Thailand.

There are actually three different types of basil used in Thai cooking.

  * **Holy Thai Basil** \- In Thailand, people call this basil kra phao. It has a spicy or peppery flavor and is similar to cloves. 
  * **Horapa or Horapha** \- This type of basil has strong anise and licorice notes. 
  * **Maeglak or Manglak** \- This basil is also called lemon basil and has a lemon scent and flavor. 

One thing I noticed is that Thai basil is able to withstand longer cooking
times than the Mediterranean variety. It also gives the rice a lot more
flavor.

## Variations

There are lots of recipes for this fried rice that call for it to be fried in
a wok on the stove with different types of protein or meat.

**My version of EASY Thai basil fried rice recipe is vegetarian and usesbaked
tofu**.

If you aren't vegetarian, here are some different meats that you can use in
the fried rice instead of tofu.

  * **Chicken -** Shred some boneless, skinless, chicken breasts and mix them in with the rice 
  * **Beef** \- For this recipe, some tender steak strips will taste the best 
  * **Shrimp** \- Stir in a few pieces of small shrimp
  *  **Pork** \- Shred a pork loin and mix it into the rice

## Tips

  * **Use pre-cooked cold rice** for the stir fry. 
  * Save time and **pre-slice the vegetables** before you cook. 
  * As you make the stir fry, **saute the garlic and red chili** just until you start to smell it.
  * The best kind of rice to use is **Jasmine rice.** It has a pleasant aroma and the most flavor. 

## Instructions

**Here are my step by step instructions:**

  * **_Heat oil over medium heat._** Then, add the garlic and red chilis and saute them until they are fragrant, or about 30 seconds. (photo 1). 
  * **Saute peppers, onions, and salt** for about 4-5 minutes, or until they are slightly tender (photo 2). 
  * _**Add half the basil leaves, soy sauce, hoisin sauce, and chili garlic paste**_. Stir this well and fry them together (photos 3-4).

  * **_Addbaked tofu_** to the wok and stir it all together (photo 5). 
  * Turn up the heat to high and **_fold incooked rice_** (photo 6). 
  * Allow the rice to **_cook for 4-5 minutes_** or until the rice is golden brown on the bottom. Add the rest of the Thai basil leaves (photos 7-8). 

Looking for an easy and healthy main dish to serve with this fried rice? We
love to pair it with this Chicken Massaman Curry.

I often make this fried rice when I am having a really busy day and don't have
time to cook an extravagant meal. Spicy Thai food always leaves you craving
something sweet. Here are some of my go-to desserts:

  * Badam Burfi
  * The Best Mango Cheesecake
  * Royal Rose Falooda 

## FAQ

**What is the best rice to use for fried rice?**

I like to use day-old Jasmine rice for this recipe.

**Can I halve or double this recipe?**

Yes, you can easily cut this recipe in half or even double it. Since you are
making this in a wok on the stove, make as much as you need.

**How do you reheat fried rice?**

The best way to reheat leftover fried rice is by frying it again in a wok with
more oil. This will make it taste nice and crispy again.

## Recipe

Tried this recipe? We love your feedback.Please click on the stars in the
recipe card below

Print Recipe Pin Recipe Save Saved!

4.62 from 26 votes

## Spicy Thai Basil Fried Rice

Learn how to make a restaurant-favorite Thai meal at home. This Thai basil
fried rice is packed with flavorful veggies and spices for a perfect family
meal.

Prep Time20 mins

Total Time20 mins

Course: dinner, Entree

Cuisine: Thai

Servings: 4

Calories: 344kcal

Author: Archana Mundhe

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 4 to 6 cups cooked jasmine rice you can also use brown rice
  * ▢ 14 oz extra firm tofu baked or stir-fried
  * ▢ 1 tablespoons oil
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons garlic minced
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon thai red chili sliced optional
  * ▢ 1 large  yellow onion sliced
  * ▢ 1 medium red bell pepper sliced into 1 inch strips
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon kosher salt
  * ▢ 1 medium yellow bell pepper sliced into 1 inch strips
  * ▢ 1 cup packed Thai basil leaves chop if the leaves are big
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon soy sauce low sodium
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce or oyster sauce if you are not vegan
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon chili garlic sauce

### Instructions

  * Heat oil in a large skillet or wok over medium heat. Add garlic and red chili and saute for 30 seconds or until fragrant. 

  * Add onion, peppers, salt and cook for 4 to 5 minutes until the veggies are slightly tender. Next, add half of the Thai basil leaves and stir well. Stir in soy sauce, hoisin sauce, and chili garlic sauce.

  * Add the baked tofu and mix everything together. Turn the heat to high and fold in the cooked rice until all the veggies are mixed in. 

  * Allow the rice to cook for 4 to 5 minutes or just until the bottom rice starts to brown and crisp up. Garnish with remaining basil leaves and enjoy hot!

### Video

### Nutrition

Calories: 344kcal | Carbohydrates: 58g | Protein: 14g | Fat: 6g | Saturated
Fat: 1g | Cholesterol: 1mg | Sodium: 1174mg | Potassium: 430mg | Fiber: 3g |
Sugar: 6g | Vitamin A: 1351IU | Vitamin C: 106mg | Calcium: 74mg | Iron: 2mg

Tried this recipe?Share your photo and tag @ministry_of_curry or tag
#ministryofcurry

#### Author: Archana

Hey there! I am a techie turned recipe developer, cooking instructor, and food
blogger. I love food and enjoy developing easy and healthy recipes for busy
lifestyles. I live in New Jersey with my husband and two sons.

__Twitter __Facebook __Linkedin

« Fig Walnut Halwa

How To Make Cauliflower Rice »

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

  1. Dee says

October 29, 2020 at 10:31 pm

Hi Archana,  
How do you make chili garlic. Paste?  
Thank you in advance!

Reply

    * Archana says

October 30, 2020 at 8:59 pm

Hi! I buy store bought chili garlic paste from asian grocery stores

Reply

  2. ColleenG says

November 01, 2020 at 10:53 am

Love your recipes Archana!  
Quick question: Is Chili Garlic Sauce (Tuong ot toi Viet Nam) the same as
Chili garlic paste, or or can it be substituted? Also, is red curry paste a
good substitute for Chili Garlic Sauce?  
I am off to the Asian market this afternoon and I wanted to check before
shopping!

Reply

    * Archana says

November 01, 2020 at 11:19 am

Hi Colleen! Yes I used Tuong ot toi Viet Nam Chili Garlic Sauce. I will make
it more clear in the ingredients.

Reply

  3. Kavita Surana says

November 01, 2020 at 8:14 pm

I loved making this dish! I love thai nd oof and this was easy to make.
Delicious and my kids loved it as well. I made it with tofu.

Reply

  4. Judy says

November 10, 2020 at 6:42 pm

So good! Taste and smell was just like at our favorite Thai restaurant.

Reply

  5. michelle says

November 15, 2020 at 9:34 pm

Looks delicious. Thanks for the meal plans...great time savers.

Reply

  6. Kumud says

November 23, 2020 at 4:14 pm

Where can we buy thai Basil in US?

Reply

    * Archana says

November 24, 2020 at 11:16 pm

Asian grocery stores like Hmart

Reply

  7. Lina Bedi says

November 24, 2020 at 2:13 pm

Replaced the tofu with broccoli. Came out sooo good, the family pretty much
licked it clean and asked to have this at least once a week.

Reply

  8. michelle says

December 02, 2020 at 8:54 pm

Delicious and.very easy. I followed the recipe except for substituting oyster
sauce for the hoisin

Reply

  9. Dee says

December 17, 2020 at 2:53 pm

Hi Archana,  
ReAlly want to make this recipe for my family but I don’t have access to H
mart near me. What can I sub for it? Thank you

Reply

    * Archana says

December 17, 2020 at 4:25 pm

What are you looking to sub? Chili Garlic paste? You can add any spicy red hot
sauce

Reply

## Primary Sidebar

Hi, I'm Archana: a former software engineer, now a full-time blogger. I am a
mother of two boys who share my love for food and cooking. Words I love to
hear are, “Mom, what’s for dinner?” The same words I say to my mom every time
we speak. I live in the greater New York City Area with my husband and sons.

**Learn More About Me!**

**SHOP**

### Popular Posts

  * Mumbai Pav Bhaji

  * Instant Pot Chicken Biryani

  * Mushroom Masala

  * Homemade Pomegranate Juice

## Footer

## AS FEATURED IN

## **↑Back to Top**

## **Ministry of Curry**

Shop  
About  
Privacy Policy  
Accessibility  
Contact

## **Food and Recipes**

Recipe Index  
Cooking 101  
Instant Pot 101  
Cookbook

## **MOC Pro**

Dashboard  
Meal Plans  
Virtual Cooking Classes  
Tips & Tricks

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2021 **Ministry of Curry**

4117 shares

  * 317
  * 3800
  *   *   * 

