https://www.bitesofberi.com/shrimp-chop-suey/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Recipes
  * About
  * Contact
  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Recipes
  * About
  * Contact

*   * Instagram
  * Pinterest

×

Home » Fish and Seafood » Shrimp Chop Suey

# Shrimp Chop Suey

Published: Mar 8, 2022 by Beri · Leave a Comment

  *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe

**Shrimp chop suey** is a delicious Chinese restaurant classic that combines
fresh vegetables, juicy shrimp, and a flavorful stir fry sauce. Plus, it's
super simple to make at home and ready in less than 30 minutes!

Chop suey used to be one of my go-to takeout meals when I was younger. It has
the best stir fry sauce, fresh vegetables, and it simply tastes amazing!

This **shrimp chop suey** tastes just like the one at my favorite restaurant.
It has a flavorful sauce, lots of vegetables, juicy shrimp, and it is super
easy to make. I love to serve it over fluffy rice for a quick, delicious, and
filling meal.

## What is shrimp chop suey?

Chop suey is often mistaken for a traditional Chinese dish although it
actually is a stir fry dish served in Western countries at Chinese
restaurants. It typically consists of vegetables, some type of protein, a stir
fry sauce, and either rice or noodles.

The part that usually distinguishes chop suey from other stir fry dishes (like
this teriyaki shrimp stir fry or chicken yaki udon) is the sauce. It is often
made with soy sauce, Chinese cooking wine, and oyster sauce. This combination
of ingredients lends the stir fry its unique flavor that you probably know and
love.

If you love other types of stir-fries, I'm sure that you'll love this chop
suey! It is flavorful, mild, and packed with veggies.

## Shrimp Chop Suey Ingredients

To make shrimp chop suey, you'll need the following ingredients:

  * **Shrimp:** Use peeled and deveined raw jumbo shrimp for this recipe. They can be bought fresh or frozen.
  *  **Aromatics:** Garlic and yellow onion should always be part of a delicious stir fry, so don't forget to use them.
  *  **Vegetables:** For making shrimp chop suey, I love to use mushrooms, carrots, baby bok choy, red bell pepper, and bean sprouts. If you don't like one of these vegetables, feel free to replace them with something you like.
  *  **Homemade stir fry sauce:** For the sauce, you'll need soy sauce, Chinese cooking wine (shaoxing wine), oyster sauce, sesame oil, and some liquid (water or vegetable broth). The sauces should be available in any Asian grocery store.
  *  **Cornstarch:** Cornstarch is used to thicken the sauce.

## How to make shrimp chop suey

Making shrimp chop suey is super simple! Just follow these steps:

  1. **Prepare the sauce:** In a bowl, mix together the soy sauce, Chinese cooking wine, oyster sauce, sesame oil, liquid, cornstarch, and some black pepper. Set the sauce aside.
  2.  **Saut e the ingredients:** Next, preheat some oil in a pan or wok over medium-high heat. First, saute the garlic and onion. Then add the shrimp and saute for 1-2 minutes. Next, add the mushrooms, carrots, red bell pepper, and bok choy stems. Saute until almost tender.
  3.  **Combine:** Now add in the sauce. Add the bean sprouts and bok choy leaves. Stir and let the sauce simmer until it has thickened.
  4.  **Serve:** Serve over rice and enjoy!

## Tips & Notes

Here are a few things to keep in mind when you make this shrimp chop suey.

  * **Use your favorite vegetables.** If there is a vegetable you don't like, feel free to skip or replace it! There are no real rules here, so feel free to use your favorite vegetables to make this shrimp chop suey.
  *  **Make sure the vegetables have the same cook time.** If you want to saute all vegetables at the same time, make sure that all vegetables have the same cook time. This can be achieved by cutting vegetables with a longer cook time into smaller or thinner pieces than those with a shorter cook time. That's why I recommend chopping the carrots into thin slices.
  *  **Don 't overcook the shrimp.** Shrimp overcook very easily, so only saute them for 1-2 minutes. They continue to cook with the vegetables, so don't cook them through at the very beginning.
  *  **Adjust the sauce consistency as needed.** If the sauce is too thick, add more water. And if the sauce is too thin, dissolve some cornstarch in water and add more of it. I think the sauce is great as is, but your preferences or final result might be different. So just keep this in mind.

## How to serve shrimp chop suey

Here is how you can serve this shrimp chop suey to turn it into a full meal.

  * **Rice:** Basmati rice or jasmine rice goes really well with this shrimp stir fry! I usually use about ⅓ or ½ cup of uncooked rice per serving.
  *  **Noodles:** Another option is using noodles. I love Chinese wheat noodles (often labeled as quick cooking noodles) for making stir fries! They have the perfect size and texture. I haven't tried this shrimp chop suey recipe with noodles yet, but I think you might need more sauce. So make 1 or 2 extra servings of sauce to make sure that every noodle is covered in delicious chop suey sauce!

## Frequently Asked Questions

****Is this shrimp chop suey gluten-free?****

This recipe isn't naturally gluten-free, but you can use substitutes to make
it gluten-free! These would be tamari for soy sauce, gluten-free oyster sauce
for regular oyster sauce, and mirin, sake, or dry sherry for the Chinese
cooking wine. As Chinese cooking wine has a very unique taste, the substitutes
won't deliver the same results. But your stir fry is going to be delicious
nonetheless!

****Can I make this dish vegetarian?****

Yes, absolutely! Just use firm or extra-firm tofu instead of shrimp and vegan
oyster sauce (sometimes called mushroom stir-fry sauce) instead of regular
oyster sauce. Follow the recipe as described and enjoy!

****How do I store leftovers?****

You can store leftovers in an airtight container in your refrigerator for up
to 3 days. Reheat the chop suey in a pan or microwave. You might have to add
some water to thin the sauce.

## More quick and delicious stir fry recipes

If you love simple and tasty stir fry recipes that are packed with vegetables
and protein, try one of the following recipes.

  * Veggie Tofu Stir Fry
  * Korean Dakgalbi
  * Shrimp Chow Mein
  * Chicken Yaki Udon
  * Curry Fried Rice

Print Recipe

5 from 2 votes

## Shrimp Chop Suey

**Shrimp chop suey** is a delicious Chinese restaurant classic that combines
fresh vegetables, juicy shrimp, and a flavorful stir fry sauce. Plus, it's
actually super simple to make at home and ready in less than 30 minutes!

Prep Time15 mins

Cook Time10 mins

Total Time25 mins

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: American, Chinese

Keyword: Chinese chop suey, chop suey, shrimp chop suey

Servings: 4 servings

Calories: 240kcal

### Ingredients

#### Shrimp Stir Fry Ingredients

  * 2 tablespoons avocado oil or vegetable oil
  * 1 yellow onion sliced
  * 2 garlic cloves minced
  * 1 pound shrimp peeled and deveined
  * 1 cup sliced mushrooms
  * 2 carrots cut into thin slices
  * 1 red bell pepper cut into slices
  * 1 baby bok choy stems and leaves separated, cut into slices
  * 1 cup bean sprouts

#### Chop Suey Sauce Ingredients

  * 3 tablespoons soy sauce
  * 2 tablespoons oyster sauce
  * 2 tablespoons Chinese cooking wine (shaoxing wine)
  * 1 teaspoon sesame oil
  * black pepper to taste
  * 1 cup water or vegetable broth
  * 1 ½ tablespoons cornstarch

US Customary \- Metric

### Instructions

  * In a bowl, mix together all sauce ingredients and set the sauce aside.

  * Next, preheat the oil in a large pan or wok over medium-high heat. Then saute the onion and garlic until the onion turns translucent.

  * Now add the shrimp and saute for 1-2 minutes. Then add the carrots, bok choy stems, red bell pepper, and mushrooms. Saute until the vegetables are almost tender.

  * Give the sauce a quick stir and add it to the pan. Add the bean sprouts and bok choy leaves. Stir until everything is combined and let the sauce simmer until it thickens.

  * Serve with rice and enjoy!

### Nutrition

Serving: 1serving | Calories: 240kcal | Carbohydrates: 17g | Protein: 20g |
Fat: 10g | Saturated Fat: 1g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 2g | Monounsaturated Fat:
5g | Trans Fat: 1g | Cholesterol: 143mg | Sodium: 1688mg | Potassium: 520mg |
Fiber: 3g | Sugar: 6g | Vitamin A: 7494IU | Vitamin C: 59mg | Calcium: 124mg |
Iron: 2mg

« Creamy Fettuccine Bolognese

Cajun Salmon Pasta »

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

### HEY THERE!

I'm Beri, the one behind the recipes you can find on Bites of Beri. I have a
huge love for recipes that are healthy, simple and incredibly delicious. What
I love even more: sharing them with you! I am sure you will enjoy browsing
through my space in the internet that is all about healthy and tasty foods.
Learn more about me →

### Let's connect!

  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

### Check out the latest recipes

## Air Fryer Asparagus

## Turkish Moussaka

## German Apple Carrot Salad

## Turkish Shepherd's Salad

### NEVER MISS A RECIPE!

Sign up for free recipes straight to your inbox:

Copyright (C) 2022 Bites of Beri

Privacy Policy

  *   *   *   * 

