https://jahzkitchen.com/shrimp-chop-suey/


Skip to content

__Toggle header

Toggle Navigation

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Blog 
    * Food For Thought
    * How To
    * JAH Products
    * Reviews
    * Self Health
  * Search
  * Contact Us

# Shrimp Chop Suey

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe Share on Facebook Pin Recipe

A Delicious assortment of chopped Vegetables & Shrimp covered in a Chinese
Clear Sauce for a Beautiful and Simple Shrimp Chop Suey!

There is nothing like a Shrimp Chop Suey once in a while. Coated in a nice
glistening flavorful thickened sauce that seems to bring everything together
with tender stir-fried vegetables.

Chop Suey is also an extremely cheap meal to prepare. Served as a main course
or side dish and is so good. Just right when you are craving Chinese food.

## Chop Suey Vegetables

The key to preparing the vegetables is to prep them so that they all cook up
at roughly the same time.

A whole host of Vegetables can be used. Pretty much using up any Vegetables
that need to go. Although there are some common ones found in Chop Suey that
should be included.

### Nappa Cabbage

Peel off the outer leaves and chop into 1-inch sections. Rinse well and
strain. You can get a lot of Chop Suey from 1 Nappa Cabbage.

Other cabbages may be used with the Nappa Cabbage or in place of, such as Bok
Choy. Which is chopped into 1-inch sections the same as Nappa Cabbage or
Chinese Cabbage, which is sliced thinly bean sprout size.

### Bean Sprouts

A good amount of Bean Sprouts really elevates Chop Suey. Bean Sprouts are
added last since these cook up very fast. Only a few seconds are needed to
heat through but still remain crisp.

Pick these up fresh as you decide to make Chop Suey. If there are any
leftovers place them into a bowl of water and refrigerate until needed next
time. Exchange the water every day or so to keep them fresh.

If you'd rather not have to look after the bean sprouts. Then picking them up
fresh as you need them or buying the canned bean sprouts is the way to go.

### Onions

There are two types of onions that go into a Chop Suey. The first kind is
Onions sliced into Wedges or Strips. These are cooked with the other
vegetables that go into the Stir fry.

Green Onions are the other type of Onions that go into the Stir Fry. Usually
at the end because these cook up pretty quickly and if overcooked take on a
texture that is not pleasing at all.

Green Onions go into the Stir Fry at the same time Bean Sprouts do. Just to
heat through towards the end.

### Carrots

Carrots Sliced thin and on an angle creating more surface area so that the
carrots can cook up tender. These can also be sliced into very thin strips
(Fine Julienne).

### Aromatics

The Aromatics add a nice flavor to the overall dish. Commonly, Garlic & Ginger
are added for the aromatics and flavor the Oil. Shallots can be included as
well.

These are chopped and added to the wok with Oil to Stir fry for a bit.

## Chop Suey Sauce

This is where all of the magic happens. A Beautiful Glistening Sauce coating
the vegetables. This is known as the Chinese Clear Sauce or Chinese White
Sauce.

In Chinese restaurants, the Key Ingredients that go into making up Chop Suey
Sauce or Stir Fry Sauce are **Salt, Sugar, and MSG**. These are added to the
Stir fry with a bit of Water or Broth and thickened with a Slurry made of
Cornstarch/Potato Starch and water.

For us, at Home, the seasoning can go straight into the sauce along with the
thickener and added to the Wok once the Chop Suey is ready.

There are also a few more tweaks that I prefer for outstanding Chop Suey.

Chop Suey Sauce

### Chop Suey Base Sauce

The Base Sauce is Broth or Water. I use a broth that is in relation to the
type of protein being used.

Use 1 tsp to 1/2 Tbl of Hondashi with the Sauce for Shrimp Chop Suey or any
Seafood Chop Suey.

Hondashi

### Cream of Tartar

This is typically not used in Chinese restaurants. I add a 1/8 tsp of Cream of
Tartar. This adds a barely noticeable acidity to the sauce but even more so is
used to protect the color of the Vegetables from fading.

### Spices

There is not much that goes into the Chop Suey Sauce other than 1/8 tsp of
White Pepper which I like to include.

You can add in the addition of Onion Powder, Garlic Powder, and a small amount
of Ginger if desired in addition to the Aromatics or as a substitute.

## Shrimp

Place the Shrimp into a bowl of cold water to thaw. Peel the Shrimp and
strain. From here you can go straight to stir-frying after all of your
vegetables have been prepared.

The Shells can be placed into a Ziploc Bag and frozen to use for other dishes.

Shrimp

With Seafood, stir fry initially with Oil and your aromatics if using. Then
remove the Seafood and set it aside to include in the Chop Suey towards the
end as to not overcook the Seafood.

Print Recipe Share on Facebook Pin Recipe

## Shrimp Chop Suey

Tender Stir Fried Vegetables and Shrimp coated in a Beautiful Shiny Thickened
Clear Sauce.

Prep Time15 mins

Cook Time10 mins

Course: Main Course, Side Dish

Cuisine: Asian, Chinese

Keyword: Shrimp Chop Suey, Shrimp Stir Fry

Servings: 4 portions

Author: JAH

### Equipment

  * Large Wok

###

Ingredients

  * 1 lb Shrimp
  * 1 C Water
  * 2 Tbl Neutral Oil - - optionally with 1 tsp of Sesame Oil

#### Chop Suey Sauce

  * 1 C Water
  * 2 Tbl Potato Starch
  * 1 tsp Hondashi & Sugar
  * 1/2 tsp Sea Salt & MSG
  * 1/8  tsp White Pepper & Cream of Tartar

#### Vegetables

  * 8 leaves Nappa Cabbage - - Chopped in 1 inch sections
  * 1 large Onion - - Sliced into Wedges or Strips
  * 1 C Bean Sprouts - - or more
  * 1 Carrot - - Sliced thin on an angle or Fine Juilenne
  * 4-6 Mushrooms - - Sliced thin
  * 1 Bell Pepper - - Sliced into Strips
  * 2-4 Green Onions
  * 2 cloves Garlic - - Chopped
  * 1/2 inch Ginger - - Choped 

###

Instructions

  * Prep all of the Vegetables and Place them into a Bowl. In a separate bowl add the Bean Sprouts and Green Onions to be added to the Chop Suey Last.

Combine all of the Chop Suey Sauce Ingredients together and mix. Mix again
before adding to the Chop Suey.

  * With the Stovetop on Medium Heat. Add in the Oil, Shrimp, Garlic, and Ginger. Ensure that the Shrimp is in an even layer. Cook for about 2 minutes, tossing the shrimp around every so often. The Shrimp should change color and curl but not create an "O" Shape. Remove the Shrimp and set aside to add back into the Chop Suey towards the end. 

  * Increase the heat to Max, add your Vegetables and Stir Fry for a few minutes. Then add the 1 Cup of water bring to a boil and simmer, covered until the hard vegetables are tender.

  * Add in the Bean Sprouts, Green Onions, Shrimp with the Chop Suey Sauce and mix well until the sauce thickens and Serve.

###  Notes

Adjustments can be made to the Chop Suey Sauce by adding more water to thin
the sauce out or adding an equal mix of Potato Starch and Water to create a
Slurry and added to the Chop Suey to thicken it.

  * Iced Capp

Enjoy a Creamy Cold Refreshing Iced Capp at home any time. It's a Coffee on
Ice with additional ingredients to get those unique Flavors. I am still
messing around with the ratios. But find this to be pretty close to Tim
Hortons Iced Capp. Tim…

  * Pasta Pitas

Pasta Pitas are just something else! Brushed with Garlic Butter & sauced with
Pasta Meat Sauce. Topped with torn Provolone Cheese for a Deliciously Greasy
Treat. Oven baked, garnished and served. These are a very convenient snack
right after making some Pasta Sauce using the…

  * Pasta Sauce

Ragu style Pasta Sauce simmered for 2 hours or more to develop the
concentrated flavors for your favorite Pasta dishes. Made from Tomatoes &
Juice, Soffritto, Tomato Paste, with a nice blend of Herbs & Spices and a lot
of Basil. Resulting in a Delicious…

### Share this:

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Pinterest
  * 

### _Related_

* * *

Cheppers

Steamed White Rice

### About

Welcome to JAHZKITCHEN! I started this website so that I could share with you
what I create in my kitchen. Some things here you won't find anywhere else.
Take a look for your next favorite recipe. Check out my About Page to learn
more.

Make Your Belly Smile!

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

Sign up for Email Updates!

  * Iced Capp
  * Pasta Pitas
  * Pasta Sauce

* * *

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

Subscribe

  * About
  * Blog
  * Recipes
  * Search
  * Contact Us
  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms of Use

  * Iced Capp
  * Pasta Pitas
  * Pasta Sauce
  * Tandoori Chicken Pita Pocket
  * Greek Chicken
  * Garlic Burger
  * Aioli Fries
  * Pita Bread with Hummus

* * *

Copyright © 2022  JAHZKITCHEN All Rights Reserved.

  * Kale by LyraThemes.com.

  * __ Facebook
  * __ Twitter
  * __ Pinterest

