https://kitchendivas.com/shrimp-chop-suey/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * Recipes
  * Resources
    * Kitchen Divas Resources
    * Blogger Resources
  * About
  * Contact
    * Contact Us
    * Work With Us
  * ## Navigation Menu: Social Icons

    * Bloglovin
    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * Twitter
    * YouTube

  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Recipes
  * Kitchen Divas Resources
  * Blogger Resources
  * About
  * Contact
  * Work With Us

*   * Bloglovin
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

×

Home » Blog » Main Courses

# Shrimp Chop Suey

Published: Apr 14, 2022 · Modified: Jul 15, 2022 by Karin and Ken · This post
may contain affiliate links. Leave a Comment

 __Share

 __Pin

 __Tweet

 __Email

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

This shrimp chop suey recipe brings all of the flavors of your favorite Asian
restaurant home to your kitchen. It's loaded with authentic flavors that every
Chinese food lover will love.

Whenever my husband and I go to a Chinese restaurant, I always order chop
suey. I love it so much that I thought I'd make it myself. I found an
authentic recipe, and I have to say, it's absolutely delicious.

## Shrimp Chop Suey Recipe

This was inspired by my other delicious Asian recipe on this site and pairs
well with this amazing egg roll recipe.

## Ingredients

This recipe uses several ingredients, but you'll find them all easily at your
local grocery store.

  * Deveined shrimp
  * Sliced carrots
  * Edamame
  * Bean sprouts
  * Chopped baby bok choy
  * Sliced bell pepper
  * Broccoli florets
  * Sliced white onion
  * Scallions

**For the Sauce**

  * Minced garlic
  * Ginger paste
  * Cornstarch
  * Vegetable broth
  * Mirin
  * Soy sauce
  * Oyster sauce
  * Sesame oil
  * Coarse black pepper
  * Red pepper flakes

**For Serving**

  * Sesame seeds
  * Basmati rice

See the recipe card at the end of the post for quantities.

## Instructions

Although there are several ingredients to this recipe, it's actually quite
easy. Broken down, the recipe becomes very simple.

### Step 1: Cook the Rice

Prepare the rice according to the package directions. Set aside.

### Step 2: Make the Sauce

Whisk all the sauce ingredients together in a bowl with a pour spout.

### Step 3: Coat the Shrimp

Remove ¼ cup of the sauce and add it to a separate bowl with the shrimp and
toss to coat.

### Step 4: Blanch the Vegetables

Bring 3 cups of water to a boil. Meanwhile, prepare a large mixing bowl with
ice and water.

Add the carrots, bok choy, peppers, onion, scallions, and broccoli to the
boiling water and blanch for 30 seconds. Then, immediately remove them with a
slotted spoon and add them to the ice water.

### Step 5: Cook the Vegetables

Add canola oil to a wok over medium-high heat. Then, saute the blanched
carrots, edamame, bell pepper, broccoli, and onions for 4 minutes.

### Step 6: Cook the Shrimp

Push the sauteed vegetables to the side of the wok and add the shrimp to the
center. Cook the shrimp for a minute, then turn.

### Step 7: Finish the Dish

Add the sauce to the wok and lower the heat to a simmer. Then, stir in the
vegetables. Cover and simmer for 5 minutes. Serve over rice and garnish with
sesame seeds.

**Hint** : Be sure you only blanch the veggies for 30 seconds to avoid making
them overly soft.

## Substitutions

Don't have the correct ingredients on hand or want to change something up?
Here are some helpful tips for you to change this shrimp chop suey recipe.

  * **Any White Rice:** Basmati is preferred, but you can use any white rice you have on hand. 
  * **Chicken Broth:** If you don't have vegetable broth, chicken broth will work. It will only change the flavor slightly.
  *  **Chicken:** If you don't like shellfish, you can make this recipe with chicken or pork. Just adjust the cooking time to fully cook the meat.

## Variations

Want to personalize this shrimp chop suey recipe? Here are some of my tried
and true tips for changing up this recipe.

  * **Noodles or Rice** - Switch how you serve this tasty dish
  *  **Mild:** If you prefer mild food, then omit the red pepper flakes. 
  * **Extra Spicy:** If you love heat, try adding sliced jalapeno or habanero peppers. 

If you love recipes like this, you may also enjoy this shrimp lo mein.

## Equipment

You only need a few basic pieces of kitchen equipment to make this recipe.

  * Measuring cups and spoons
  * Knife
  * Cutting board
  * Pot
  * Mixing bowl
  * Bowl with pour spout
  * Mixing spoon
  * Wok

## Storage

You can store this in an air-tight container in the refrigerator for up to 4
days. For longer storage, you can freeze it in an air-tight, freezer-safe
container for up to 3 months.

## Tips

I have a few simple tips here that will help you take this recipe from good to
great.

  * Be sure you place your blanched vegetables in the ice water IMMEDIATELY when you reach the 30-second mark or they'll get too soft. 
  * Only cook the shrimp for a minute before adding the sauce to ensure that they don't overcook. 

## More Shrimp Recipes

Do you like shrimp? Here are some recipes you may also like to try.

  * Steak and Shrimp Pasta
  * Moo Shu Shrimp
  * Tex Mix Shrimp Bowl

## FAQ

Do you have questions about shrimp chop suey? Here are some of the most
commonly asked questions about this shrimp chop suey recipe.

**What is chop suey?**

It's a traditional Chinese dish of meat stewed and fried with bean sprouts,
onions, and various vegetables served with rice.

**What do you serve with chop suey?**

Chop suey is usually served over noodles or rice.

**How long is shrimp chop suey good?**

When stored properly, it will last for up to 4 days in the refrigerator or up
to 3 months in the freezer.

**How do you reheat shrimp chop suey?**

Add oil to a wok on medium heat. Then add the chop suey and cook until heated
through.

## Shrimp Chop Suey

Ready to get cooking? Remember that you can print this recipe if you would
like.

## Shrimp Chop Suey

This shrimp chop suey recipe is loaded with flavor ingredients, but it's so
easy to make! Enjoy takeout at home whenever you like!

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 15 mins

Cook Time 11 mins

Course Main Course

Cuisine Asian Inspired

Servings 6

### Equipment

  * wok

  * large saucepan

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * 1 lb deveined shrimp
  * 3 carrots sliced
  * 1 cup edamame
  * ¼ cup bean sprouts
  * 8 oz Baby Bok choy chopped
  * 1 bell pepper sliced
  * 2 cups broccoli florets
  * 1 white onion sliced
  * ¼ cup scallions

#### Chop Suey Sauce

  * 2 teaspoon garlic minced 
  * 1 teaspoon ginger paste
  * 2 teaspoon cornstarch
  * ½ cup vegetable broth
  * 2 tablespoon mirin
  * ⅔ cup soy sauce
  * 2 tablespoon oyster sauce
  * 2 teaspoon sesame oil
  * 1 teaspoon coarse black pepper
  * ⅛ teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes

#### For Serving

  * ½ tablespoon sesame seeds
  * 3 cups basmati rice

### Instructions



  * Prepare rice according to package instructions and set aside until needed.

  * Get out and measure your ingredients.

  * Bring 3 cups of water to a boil and preheat a wok over medium high heat. Prepare a large mixing bowl with ice and water.

#### Prepare Sauce

  * Combine all ingredients, except cornstarch, in a bowl with a pour spout.

  * Whisk until blended.

  * Add cornstarch.

  * Stir until combined.

  * Remove ¼ cup.

  * Add to a separate bowl with the shrimp. Toss to coat.

  * Prepare veggies. Cut carrot into ⅛" slices, roughly chop bok choy, bell pepper, onion, and scallions. 

  * Add carrots, bok choy, peppers, onion, scallions, and broccoli to the boiling water and blanch for 30 seconds. 

  * Immediately remove with a slotted spoon and add to the ice water.

  * Add canola oil to the wok. Add in the carrots, edamame, bell pepper, broccoli, and onion. Saute for 4 minutes.

  * Push veggies to the side of the wok and add shrimp to the center. 

  * Cook for 1 minute, then turn the shrimp.

  * Pour in the sauce. Lower the heat to a simmer.

  * Stir in the bok choy, bean sprouts, and scallions. 

  * Stir until incorporated. 

  * Cover and let simmer for 5 minutes.

  * Serve.

  * With rice or noodles and garnish with sesame seeds. Enjoy every bite!

Keyword Chop Suey, Shrimp Chop Suey

Tried this recipe?Let us know how it was!

 __Share

 __Pin

 __Tweet

 __Email

 __

 __

 __

 __

« Buffalo Wild Wings Asian Zing Sauce

Air Fryer Grilled Cheese and Tomato »

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published.

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name

Email

Website

Current [email protected] *

Leave this field empty

## Primary Sidebar

  * Bloglovin
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

### Welcome!

We are the kitchen divas: Karin and my partner in life Ken.

We have been attached at the heart and hip since the first day we met, and we
love to create new dishes to keep things interesting. Variety is definitely
the spice of life!

Read more…

### Latest Recipes

  * Italian Cheese Bread (Quick Bread Recipe!)
  * Best Fried Chicken and Waffles Recipe
  * Cheesy Sweet Corn Casserole (with Jiffy Mix)
  * Grandma’s Honey Glazed Onions

Search

## Footer

### Join me in the kitchen for a week of our favorite Sweets and Treats!

  * Bloglovin
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

Search

(C) 2022 · Kitchen Divas · All Rights Reserved · Privacy Policy

