https://amiablefoods.com/chop-suey-recipe/


Skip to content

Facebook Instagram YouTube Pinterest TikTok

  * RecipesExpand
    * Appetizers
    * Breads
    * Desserts
    * Dishes
    * Pasta
    * Sauces
    * Drinks
    * Recipe Index
  * Paris InsiderExpand
    * Travel Tips in Paris
  * AboutExpand
    * We at aMIAble foods
    * Disclosure and Privacy Policy

Search Search

Search Search

Toggle Menu

Facebook Instagram YouTube Pinterest TikTok

dishes | Recipes

# Chop Suey Recipe

ByMia March 9, 2022March 9, 2022

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

This Filipino chop suey recipe is quick, simple and goes perfectly well with
steamed rice. A stir-fry of an assortment of vegetables, meat, and rich thick
sauce!

Table of Contents

  * Origins of Chop Suey?
  * As a Filipino vegetable dish.
  * What goes in?
  * How to serve and store?
  * Tips for an amiable experience
  * You might also like
  * Chop Suey Recipe

A vegetable dish that is so inviting even picky eaters won't be able to
refuse. The aroma alone will bring everybody running to the dinner table. That
is why this is my go to vegetable recipe when I want my children to eat their
veggies!

## Origins of Chop Suey?

There is an ever-present debate on the origin of the chop suey recipe. One of
the most accepted story is that it came from the early Chinese settlers who
came to the U.S. That is why chop suey is generally considered as a Chinese-
American dish.

Another tale of the dish's birth happened during the gold rush in San
Francisco when a group of late-night miners demanded food at a Chinese
restaurant. With the kitchen almost closed and low in ingredients, the owner
put together a dish from scraps of orders early in the night and actually
pulled it off! Hmmm, reminds me of the Puttanesca Pasta story.

## As a Filipino vegetable dish.

It has been a well-loved stir-fry of the Filipinos for generations. Given that
it's delicious and healthy, it can also be economical depending on what
ingredients you use. It can be vegetarian or add some protein like beef, pork,
chicken and shrimps. Make it extravagant worthy of special occasions by adding
mushrooms and chicken liver. But unlike the American chop suey, noodles are
usually not found in the dish and is served with rice.

## What goes in?

There are no strict rules when making Filipino chop suey, personally, I like
it with a rich and thick sauce. Here are some ideas to what vegetables and
proteins you can put together to cook your stir-fry.

  * **Vegetables - **carrots, cauliflower, broccoli, bean sprouts, bok choy, cabbage, chayote, red bell peppers, snow peas, baby corn.
  *  **Proteins** - beef, pork strips, tender chicken breast, chicken liver, shrimp or tofu.

## How to serve and store?

  * Serve while warm and top on steamed rice or as a side dish. If not in the mood for rice, try it with chow mein noodles.
  * It's also perfect with fried rice and this chao fan recipe fits the bill.
  * Store leftovers if any, in an airtight container and refrigerate, it can last up to 5 days if properly stored.
  * To reheat, place chop suey in a skillet and heat over low-medium until warm or place in a plate and heat in microwave.

## Tips for an amiable experience

  * Do not overcook the vegetables, it should be slightly crisp and not wilted.
  * Before adding the broccoli and cauliflower, soak in warm water with a tablespoon of vinegar to get rid of small bugs and larvae in crevices that can't be removed just by washing in running water.
  * Optionally, you can blanch the broccoli and cauliflower separately and add along with the carrots.
  * Do not discard the stems of the broccoli, peel and cut in strips and include with the other vegetables.

## You might also like

## Filipino Chicken Adobo

## Mashed Potatoes and Gravy

## Adobong Sitaw

## Chop Suey Recipe

This Filipino chop suey recipe is quick, simple and goes perfectly well with
steamed rice. A stir-fry of an assortment of vegetables, meat, and rich thick
sauce!

Print Pin Rate

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Chinese, Filipino

Keyword: chop suey, chop suey recipe

Prep Time: 10 minutes

Cook Time: 25 minutes

Total Time: 35 minutes

Servings: 6 servings

Calories: 279kcal

Author: Mia

###

Ingredients

  * 3 tbsp vegetable oil
  * 1 large red onion (sliced)
  * 3 cloves garlic  (chopped)
  * 180 g chicken breast  (cut into strips)
  * 200 g shrimps  (un-shelled, deveined (save shells for stock))
  * 2 cups shrimp stock
  * 3 tbsp soy sauce
  * 2 tbsp oyster sauce
  * 1/2 tsp salt
  * 1/2 tsp ground black pepper
  * 1 medium carrot  (sliced crosswise into thin pieces)
  * 2 cups cauliflower
  * 1 pc red bell pepper  (sliced into squares)
  * 2 cups broccoli (save stem and cut into strips)
  * 3 bunch bok choy
  * 1/2 medium-sized  cabbage
  * 1 1/2 tbsp cornstarch diluted in 1 tbsp water (slurry or thickening agent)
  * 1 cup quail eggs (hard boiled)

###

Instructions

  * Hard boil quail eggs and peel off shells when cool to touch. Set aside. Boil shrimp shells in 2 cups water then discard shells and save stock for later use.

1 cup quail eggs

  * Heat oil in a wok or pan over medium-high heat, Tip in shrimps and cook for 1 minute on each side. Remove shrimps from wok and set aside.

3 tbsp vegetable oil, 200 g shrimps

  * Sauté onion until translucent then sauté garlic until fragrant. Add chicken strips and cook until light brown in color.

1 large red onion, 3 cloves garlic, 180 g chicken breast

  * Pour, oyster sauce, soy sauce, salt, pepper and shrimp stock. Stir and simmer for 3 minutes over medium heat.

2 cups shrimp stock, 3 tbsp soy sauce, 2 tbsp oyster sauce, 1/2 tsp salt, 1/2
tsp ground black pepper

  * Add carrots, cauliflower, and broccoli stem. Mix then cover with a lid and let simmer for 5 minutes.

1 medium carrot, 2 cups cauliflower

  * Add broccoli and red bell peppers, mix then cover with a lid and let simmer for 5 or until tender and crisp.

2 cups broccoli, 1 pc red bell pepper

  * Add bok choy and cabbage then stir to incorporate. Add slurry (thickening agent) and stir until sauce thickens.

3 bunch bok choy, 1/2 medium-sized cabbage, 1 1/2 tbsp cornstarch diluted in 1
tbsp water

  * Cover with lid and simmer for another 5 minutes or until cabbage is limp. Add the cooked shrimps and hard boiled quail eggs and mix to incorporate.

  * Transfer chop suey in a serving dish and serve while warm with rice. Bon appetit!

###

Nutrition

Serving: 6g | Calories: 279kcal | Carbohydrates: 12.3g | Protein: 25.8g | Fat:
14.5g | Saturated Fat: 3.5g | Cholesterol: 336mg | Sodium: 989mg | Potassium:
529mg | Fiber: 3.1g | Sugar: 4g | Calcium: 79mg | Iron: 1mg

Tried this recipe?Share it with us! @amiablefoods or tag #amiablefoods!

## Post navigation

Previous Previous

Dim Sum Chicken Feet

NextContinue

Barquillos

## Similar Posts

dishes | Recipes

### Kare Kare

appetizers | dishes | Recipes

### Atchara Recipe (Pickled Green Papaya)

dishes | Recipes

### Pad Thai

dishes | Recipes

### Chicken Sopas

breads | Recipes

### Spanish Bread

breads | desserts | Recipes

### Puto Flan

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## and Never Miss a Recipe!

Name

Email*

View Privacy PolicyI consent to the Privacy Policy*

Submit

## Categories

Categories Select Category Paris Insider  (1)    Paris Metro  (1) Recipes
(383)    appetizers  (29)    breads  (57)    desserts  (112)    dishes  (203)
drinks  (6)    pasta  (17)    sauces  (9)

## Most Popular

## Hotdog Rolls

## Maruya

## Puto Pao

## Salmon and Tofu with Tausi Sauce

Facebook Instagram YouTube Pinterest TikTok

  * Home
  * About Amiable foods
  * Disclosure and Privacy Policy
  * Recipe Index

(C) 2022 Amiable Foods

  * RecipesExpand child menuExpand

    * Appetizers
    * Breads
    * Desserts
    * Dishes
    * Pasta
    * Sauces
    * Drinks
    * Recipe Index
  * Paris InsiderExpand child menuExpand

    * Travel Tips in Paris
  * AboutExpand child menuExpand

    * We at aMIAble foods
    * Disclosure and Privacy Policy

Toggle Menu Close

Search for:

Search

