https://speakingaloud.in/kolkata-style-gravy-chilli-fish-recipe/


Skip to Content

__

Looking for Something?

SpeakingAloud Magazine

Explore Food, Travel & Life With Us

  * Home
  * Travel
  * Food
  * Lifestyle
  * Amazon Store

Home __ Food __ Non-Vegetarian Recipes __ Kolkata-style Gravy Chilli Fish
Recipe

# Kolkata-style Gravy Chilli Fish Recipe

__Leave a Comment on Kolkata-style Gravy Chilli Fish Recipe

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

Sharing is caring!

89 shares

  * Share14
  * Tweet
  * Pin75
  * Email
  * Print

Gluten Free

This Kolkata-style Chilli fish recipe is a popular Indo-Chinese fish recipe,
often served as a side dish to fried rice or noodles. What stands out in this
recipe is that it is a burst of flavour yet comes together in time. Plus it
needs the basic ingredients from your pantry.

Here, I have taken the long road of coating the fish fillet pieces with
cornflour and then shallow frying them before dropping in the gravy. But you
can always skip this part and just fry them lightly before dropping them in
the gravy. Its equally delicious.

I served this gravy Chilli Fish with this Broccoli fried-rice and it made such
an amazing meal. The hot and spicy gravy paired so well with the simple fried
rice with broccoli and carrots. You will find the detailed recipe on my blog.

Now let's come back to this chilli fish recipe in gravy-style and read the
list of ingredients.

### How to make Kolkata-style Chilli Fish - Ingredients list

  * Fish Fillet - preferably Bhetki (Barramuda), Basa or any other variety of white fish
  * Cornflour
  * Onion
  * Garlic
  * Capsicum or Bell Peppers
  * Green Chilies
  * Dark Soy Sauce
  * Vinegar, white vinegar or apple cider vinegar
  * Salt

It takes hardly 15 minutes to get this thing going from pan to plate on a busy
weeknight. As I said before, I like the fish pieces fried a bit crisp so I
powdered them with some cornflour before giving them a shallow fry. Once my
gravy was ready, I dropped them in the end and served.

But you can totally skip this part and toss them directly in the oil before
adding them back in the gravy. Both ways are equally delicious and yumm.

### How to serve?

This spicy chilli fish goes best with stir-fried rice or noodles. For
instance, here I served it with my Broccoli Fried Rice which is light and
mildly flavoured with freshly cracked peppercorns. Some days, I like to pair
it with noodles as well. To go with this as an accompaniment, I have Chilli
Vinegar, which is a kind of non-negotiable.

#### In case you are looking for more interesting and delicious fish recipes,
here are few of them from my blog.

  * Kolkata Fish Fry Recipe
  * Grilled Fish with Lemon Butter Sauce Recipe
  * Doi Maach | Bengali Fish in Yogurt Curry Recipe
  * Rui Macher Jhal | Bengali Fish Stew Recipe
  * Microwave Bhapa Chingri Recipe | Steamed Prawn Curry

**Have you tried this recipe?** _I would love to hear about it._  
Tag me on Instagram @priyankabhattacharya.sa or Facebook @hashdiaries and I
will share it further.

Print

Kolkata-style Gravy Chilli Fish Recipe

Prep Time

10 mins

Cook Time

20 mins

Total Time

30 mins



This Kolkata-style Chilli fish ranna recipe is a popular Indo-Chinese fish
recipe, often served as a side-dish to fried rice or noodles. What stands out
in this recipe is that, it is a burst of flavour yet comes together in time.
Plus it needs the basic ingredients from your pantry.

Course: Side Dish

Cuisine: Fusion

Keyword: Basa Recipes, Capsicum Recipes, Fish Recipes, Gluten Free Recipes

Servings: 4 people

Author: Priyanka

Ingredients

  * 500 gms Basa Fillet Cut in smaller pieces
  * 4  tbsp Refined Sunflower Oil
  * 2 tbsp Cornflour
  * 6 Cloves of Garlic Chopped
  * 2 Onion Medium, cut in cubes
  * 1 Capsicum Large, Cut in cubes
  * 2 Green Chilies
  * 2 tbsp Soy Sauce
  * 1 tbsp Vinegar
  * 1 tbsp Chilli Sauce
  * Salt to Taste

Instructions

  1. In a mixing bowl, place the basa fish fillet cut in smaller cubes. Sprinkle some cornflour and salt and toss it so that each piece gets coated.

  2. Heat some oil in a pan and shallow fry the fish pieces till they turn golden. Take them out when done. 

  3. In the same pan, add the garlic and saute for couple of seconds before adding the onion and capsicum. Toss them together on medium-high flame. 

  4. Now, add the sauces, green chilies and ½ cup of water to bring everything together. Add the fried fish pieces and allow it to simmer for a minute or two. The gravy will get thick on its own. 

  5. Check for seasoning and add salt as needed. Serve hot.

Basa Fish RecipesCapsicum RecipesFish RecipesGluten-Free RecipesIndo-Chinese
Recipes

Previous Article Broccoli Fried Rice Recipe

Next Article Chocolate-dipped Shortbread Cookies Recipe

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name*

Email*

Website

## Recipe Index

  * Instant Pot Recipes
  * Vegetarian Recipes
  * Chicken Recipes
  * Egg Recipes
  * Paneer Recipes
  * Dal Recipes
  * Fish Recipes
  * Rice Recipes
  * Indian Bread Recipes

## Basic Cooking Guides & How To's

  * How to make perfect everyday Indian Flatbread – Chapati or Roti
  * How to make perfect Bengali Luchi
  * Instant Naan Recipe
  * Indian Ladi Pav | Dinner Bread Rolls Recipe
  * How to Make Homemade Yogurt
  * Best Homemade Green Chili Hot Sauce Recipe
  * Red Chili Hot Sauce Recipe
  * Easy Vanilla Sponge Cake Recipe
  * Sweet & Flaky Pie Crust Recipe
  * Homemade Honey & Oats Granola Recipe
  * How To Soak Dried Fruits for Christmas Plum Cake

## Special Recipe Category

  * Granny's Recipe Compilation
  * Everyday Recipe Ideas
  * Vegan Recipes
  * Indian Gluten Free Recipes
  * Drinks & Beverages
  * Street Food Recipes
  * Indian Mithai
  * Mug Cake Recipes
  * Eggless Desserts

## Special Occasions

  * Christmas Special
  * Holi Special
  * Navratri Special
  * Valentines Day Special
  * Under 30 Minutes Recipes

Follow my blog with Bloglovin

(C) Copyright 2022 SpeakingAloud Magazine. All Rights Reserved. Vilva |
Developed By Blossom Themes. Powered by WordPress. Privacy Policy

89 shares

  * 14
  * 75
  * 

