http://picturetherecipe.com/recipes/sweet-corn-chicken-soup/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * About Me
  * Portfolio
  * Contact
  * Copyright

Picture the Recipe

Real Recipes. Real Pictures. Made Real Easy

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Appetizer Recipes
    * Soups
    * Salads
    * Main Course/ Entrées
      * Poultry- Chicken/Turkey
      * Meat
      * Seafood
      * Vegetarian
      * Rice and Pasta
    * Sides and Condiments
    * Sweets and Desserts
    * Drinks & Cocktails
    * Cuisines
      * Indian
    * Seasonal Recipes
      * Spring/ Summer
      * Autumn/Fall
      * Winter
    * Special Occasions
      * Game Day Snacks
      * Valentine's Day
      * 4th of July
      * Thanksgiving
      * Christmas
  * Videos
  * Tips 'N Tricks
  * Recipe Index
  * Life
  * Love

January 5, 2013

# Sweet Corn Chicken Soup

It's been a busy Holiday Season and although I've been cooking a lot, I
haven't really had the time to do many recipes lately. But, I'm back and I'm
determined to post more this year.

I got a lot of encouragement and ideas from my family that visited over the
holidays, to expand PictureTheRecipe and improve on it. As part of their
suggestions, I'm going to stop being so hard on myself  with recipes I
actually do that don't make it on the blog and start  posting more recipes
including simple day to day dishes.  I'm starting today with a Indo-Chinese
favorite…Sweet Corn Chicken Soup.

This soup is perfect for this weather cos it's a comforting healthy soup with
sweet corn kernels in a flavorful chicken stock with egg drop.  It's simple to
make, warming and delicious…everything you're looking for a winter dinner.

Sweet Corn Chicken Soup

2014-11-30 22:32:17

Serves 4

Simple and healthy soup recipe with sweet corn kernels in a flavorful chicken
stock with egg drop, that's an Indo-Chinese favorite.

Write a review

Save Recipe

Print

Ingredients

  1. 1 large Chicken breasts (or 2 small ones)
  2. 1 (15oz) can of Sweet Corn (you can also used cream style corn if you like)
  3. 5-6 cups Chicken Stock/broth
  4. 1 small Onion
  5. 3 cloves Garlic
  6. 2 thin slices of fresh Ginger
  7. 1 1/2 tbsp oil
  8. 2-3 tbsp sugar
  9. Seasoning salt (according to taste)
  10. 1/2 tsp ground white/black pepper
  11. 1 tsp soy sauce
  12. 2 tsp rice vinegar
  13. 1 tsp Sesame oil
  14. 2 egg whites
  15. 3 green onions, finely sliced
  16. 2 tbsp corn starch

Instructions

  1. – Start by finely dicing a whole onion.
  2. – Heat some oil in a pot and sautee the onions on medium heat for a couple minutes until they turn soft and translucent.
  3. – Then finely mince some garlic and about a 1/2 tsp of fresh ginger and add it to the pot, stirring to mix everything.
  4. – When the aromatics have cooked a little, place a cleaned chicken breast (trim any fat from it) over the onion mix and pour in 5-6 cups of chicken stockover the top.
  5. – I added a little pouch of concentrated chicken broth flavor boost, as my stock was rather watered down. Bring the stock to a boil, cover the pot and turn down the heat to a gentle simmer.
  6. – Allow the chicken to cook for about 30 minutes, turning over the chicken half-way through the cooking process, so it cooks evenly.
  7. – After the chicken it cooked all the way through, carefully remove the chicken breast into a dish and set it aside to cool.
  8. – While the chicken is cooling down, turn the heat of the soup up add a can of drained sweet corn to it.
  9. – Next add some sugar (2-3 tablespoons, depending on how sweet the corn was), seasoning salt (according to taste), pepper, soy sauce, vinegar and sesame oil. Stir the soup well.
  10. – Seperate 2 eggs and whisk the egg whites with a fork.
  11. – Now start stirring the soup with one hand to create a little whirlpool and pour the egg whites with a steady stream into the swirling soup, thereby creating little ribbons of egg in the soup. It may not look pretty, but it tastes delicious and adds nutritional value to the soup.
  12. – Shred or dice (which ever you prefer) into bite size pieces and add it back to the soup.
  13. – Give the soup a taste and adjust the seasonings according your taste. If you’d like it little sweeter add a dash more sugar, or little tangier add more vinegar, or more salt etc.
  14. – Add some finely sliced green onion to the soup (reserving a little of the green part for a garnish).
  15. – To thicken the soup, dissolve 2 tablespoons of corn starch in a little water and add it to the boiling soup while stirring.
  16. – Let the soup thicken to your desired consistency and then turn the heat off.
  17. – Garnish with some fresh green onion slices & serve hot.

By Noreen Hiskey

Adapted from  PictureTheRecipe.com

Adapted from PictureTheRecipe.com

Picture the Recipe http://picturetherecipe.com/

Print Recipe

### Related Recipes & Posts

  * Beet and Chicken Soup (Borscht)
  * Chicken Tortilla Soup
  * Curried Black-eyed Peas With Sausage and Spinach
  * Turkey and White Bean Chili

Filed Under: Recipes, Soups Tagged With: chicken recipes, healthy recipes,
indo-chinese recipes, picture recipes, soup recipes, step by step picture
recipes, step by step recipes, sweet corn chicken, sweet corn chicken soup

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Alexa says

August 20, 2016 at 12:47 pm

This is en excellent recipe. We have just tried it and it was an instant hit.
I have requests for putting it on the menu on a weekly basis :). Thank you for
sharing it.

Reply

  2. bella says

May 27, 2019 at 2:08 am

i tried this recipe but without eggs n it was yummy…thanks alot 4 sharing

Reply

  3. Shifa says

December 14, 2019 at 7:57 pm

Hi nooren. What’s the alternative for chicken broth flavor boost. It’s not
available in my country.

Reply

    * Noreen says

December 23, 2019 at 3:02 pm

A Maggi or like brand stock cube works great too!

Reply

  4. Sabra says

June 15, 2020 at 6:02 am

Tried it and loved it. Thank you Noreen.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating

Comment

Name *

Email *

Website

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### Search

Search this website

### About Me

"You eat with your eyes first" ...Hi! I'm Noreen. A huge foodie. I love to
cook, eat, read cookbooks, watch cooking shows and talk a whole lot about
food. Food to me is an endless topic. I could learn, eat and talk about food
every day of my ...

Read More

### Stalk Me (I like it!)

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

  
  
  

### Recent Posts

## Butter Chicken

Grilled chicken in a luscious tomato-based spiced ...

[Read More...]

## Vanilla-Cardamom Kulfi with Citrus Rose Syrup

A creamy frozen treat similar to ice-cream paired ...

[Read More...]

## Palak Paneer

Indian cottage cheese over a vibrant green spiced ...

[Read More...]

## Rogan Josh (Mutton/Lamb in a Kashmiri chilli pepper gravy)

Succulent pieces of Goat or Lamb braised in gravy ...

[Read More...]

### Popular Posts

### Balsamic Glazed Steak Rolls

Posted on March 18, 2013

### Spicy Firecracker Shrimp

Posted on July 22, 2012

### Game Day Snacks: Football Pizza Pockets

Posted on January 29, 2012

## Footer

### PTR

  * About Me
  * Contact

### Connect

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

### Instagram

Load More... __Follow on Instagram

### Never Miss A Recipe

Get the latest recipes straight to your inbox!

Email Address

### Copyright©2011-2020

All writing, recipes and photography is copyright © 2011-2020 by Picture The
Recipe and Noreen Hiskey unless otherwise indicated. Unauthorized use and/or
duplication of this material without express and written permission from this
site’s owner is strictly prohibited. Small excerpts (not entire recipes nor
photos) and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to
[Noreen Hiskey] and [PictureTheRecipe.com] with appropriate and specific
direction to the original content. I maintain the right to withdraw that
permission, and request my material/photos be removed from another site, for
any reason. I also reserve the right to charge a license fee for unsolicited
use of my photos.

Copyright(C) 2022 * Brunch Pro Theme by Feast Design Co.

