https://www.gimmesomeoven.com/chicken-sweet-corn-soup/


Mobile Menu Trigger

__

Mobile Search Trigger

  * Home
  * About Ali
  * Contact
  * Recipes
    * Browse Recipes
    * Recipe Index
    * Recipe Videos
    * How To's
  * Travel
    * Barcelona Travel Guide
    * Destinations
  * Life
    * 10 Things I've Learned
    * Ask Ali
    * Everyday Life
    * Married Life
    * Our Move To Barcelona
    * Our Wedding

  * Home
  * About
    * About Ali
    * Contact
  * Recipe Index

__

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Browse Recipes
    * Recipe Videos
    * How To's
  * Travel
    * Barcelona Travel Guide
    * Destinations
  * Life
    * Everyday Life
    * Our Move To Barcelona
    * Our Wedding

# Chicken and Sweet Corn Soup

Jump To Recipe 36 Comments »

This post may contain affiliate links. Please read my disclosure policy.

_This Chicken and Sweet Corn Soup recipe is quick and easy to make on the
stovetop or in the Instant Pot, it 's full of protein and veggies and it's
naturally gluten-free, and it is sooo comforting and delicious._

A few weeks ago when I was coming down with a cold, I found myself craving
both chicken soup and my all-time favorite egg drop soup. So, I decided to go
retro and stir up a batch of soup that combines the best of both worlds…

…Chicken and Sweet Corn Soup. ♡

(Did you guys grow up eating this at Chinese restaurants too?!)

Well for those of you unfamiliar with this one, chicken and sweet corn soup is
basically egg drop soup made with extra chicken, corn and veggies. And when
made with my favorite broth, which is seasoned lightly with ginger, garlic and
sesame oil, this simple soup is incredibly flavorful and delicious. And when
thickened with those beautiful egg ribbons and loaded up with classic chicken
soup ingredients? Well, I'm convinced that this soup is about as comforting as
it gets.

So if you're on the hunt for a new chicken soup this season, or if you're
feeling under the weather and are in need or some warm and cozy comfort food,
grab your soup pot (or Instant Pot) and let's make a quick batch together. I
think you're going to love it.

## Chicken and Sweet Corn Soup Ingredients:

To make this Chicken and Sweet Corn Soup recipe, you will need:

  * **Chicken:** You can either just added shredded or diced cooked chicken to this soup. (A rotisserie chicken would come in handy here, or I often use leftovers from my baked chicken breasts recipe.) . Or, you are welcome to cook the raw chicken from scratch in the soup itself. I've included instructions below for how to do this in the stovetop or in the Instant Pot.
  * **Corn:** This soup is traditionally made with both creamed corn and whole kernel corn, which I call for in the recipe below. But if you don't have a can of creamed corn on hand, no worries, you can just puree some whole kernel corn in the blender or food processor before adding it to the soup. (Or just skip creaming the corn altogether and use 100% whole kernel corn, either canned or frozen.)
  * **Ground ginger and garlic powder:** We will use these to season the broth and give it some extra depth of flavor.
  * **Green onions:** We will slice these thinly, and use the white parts to help season the broth itself, then use the green parts as a garnish when serving the soup.
  * **Carrots:** The other traditional veggie in this soup.
  * **Cornstarch:** Which we will use to thicken the broth.
  * **Eggs:** The magical ingredient which will also thicken this soup by creating all of those beautiful egg ribbons.
  * **Toasted sesame oil: **We will add this in at the very end, so that it doesn't overcook and become bitter.
  * **Salt and pepper:** To season the soup.

## Stovetop Instructions:

To make chicken and sweet corn soup on the stovetop, simply:

  1. **Cook the base soup ingredients.** In a large stockpot, stir together 7 cups of the stock, chicken*, ginger, garlic powder, the white parts of the green onions, carrots, whole kernel corn and creamed corn until combined. Simmer until the carrots are cooked.
  2. **Make and add the cornstarch slurry.** In a separate bowl, whisk together the remaining stock and cornstarch to form a slurry. Then add it to the soup to thicken.
  3. **Make those magical egg ribbons.** My favorite part! Using a spoon, swirl the broth around slowly in a continuous motion, round and round. Then while you are swirling with one hand, use the other to slowly pour the whisked eggs into the broth in a steady stream. The eggs will cook instantly when they hit the hot broth, and the slow swirl will form them into beautiful long ribbons that will thicken the soup.
  4. **Season the soup.** Add in the toasted sesame oil, then season with salt and pepper as needed.
  5. **Serve.** Garnished with the green parts of the green onions.

*As mentioned above, you are welcome to make things easy and just add pre-cooked chicken (diced or shredded) into the soup. Or you can add 1 pound of uncooked boneless skinless chicken breasts to the broth itself, simmer until cooked through, remove and shred, then add back to the soup.

## Instant Pot Instructions:

To make chicken and sweet corn soup in the Instant Pot (pressure cooker),
simply:

  1. **Cook the base soup ingredients.** In the bowl of your Instant Pot, stir together 7 cups of the stock, chicken*, ginger, garlic powder, the white parts of the green onions, carrots, whole kernel corn and creamed corn until combined. Cover and turn the lid to "sealing", then pressure cook on high for 8 minutes, followed by the quick release.
  2. **Make and add the cornstarch slurry.** In a separate bowl, whisk together the remaining stock and cornstarch to form a slurry.
  3. **Make those magical egg ribbons.** My favorite part! Using a spoon, swirl the broth around slowly in a continuous motion, round and round. Then while you are swirling with one hand, use the other to slowly pour the whisked eggs into the broth in a steady stream. The eggs will cook instantly when they hit the hot broth, and the slow swirl will form them into beautiful long ribbons that will thicken the soup.
  4. **Season the soup.** Add in the toasted sesame oil, then season with salt and pepper as needed.
  5. **Serve.** Garnished with the green parts of the green onions.

*If making this soup in the Instant Pot, it's super easy to just add uncooked boneless skinless chicken breasts to the broth, and let them pressure cook along with the rest of the soup. After the quick release, remove and shred the chicken, then add it back to the soup. Or, you are welcome to just add pre-cooked diced or shredded chicken to the soup at the beginning.

## Possible Variations:

There are all sorts of ways that you can customize this soup! For example,
feel free to…

  * **Add extra veggies:** Anything from shredded cabbage to peas to chopped stir-fry veggies (such as bell pepper, asparagus, green beans, etc.) would be delicious mixed into this soup.
  * **Make it vegetarian:** If chicken isn't your thing, just omit it completely and use vegetable stock (not chicken stock) to make this soup completely vegetarian.
  * **Make it spicy:** If you'd like to give this soup a kick, I recommend stirring in some sriracha or Thai bird chiles.

Print

clock clock iconcutlery cutlery iconflag flag iconfolder folder iconinstagram
instagram iconpinterest pinterest iconfacebook facebook iconprint print
iconsquares squares iconheart heart iconheart solid heart solid icon

## Chicken and Sweet Corn Soup

★★★★★ 5 from 22 reviews

  * Prep Time: 15 minutes
  * Cook Time: 25 minutes
  * Total Time: 40 minutes
  * Yield: 8 -10 servings 1x

Print Recipe

Pin Recipe

* * *

### Description

This Chicken and Sweet Corn Soup recipe is quick and easy to make on the
stovetop or in the Instant Pot, and tastes so comforting and delicious. Heads
up -- this recipe makes a pretty large batch, so feel free to halve it if need
be.

* * *

### Ingredients

Scale 1x2x3x

  * 8 cups good-quality chicken stock or vegetable stock, divided
  * 3 cups diced or shredded cooked chicken breasts* _(about 1 pound chicken)_
  * 2 teaspoons ground ginger
  * 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
  * 4 green onions, thinly sliced with the white and green parts divided
  * 2 medium carrots, finely diced
  * 1 (15-ounce) can whole kernel corn
  * 1 (15 ounce) can creamed corn _(or see alternative below**)_
  * 1/4 cup cornstarch
  * 6 large eggs, whisked
  * 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil
  * sea salt and freshly-cracked black pepper

* * *

### Instructions

#### Stovetop Directions:

  1. In a large stockpot, stir together 7 cups stock, chicken, ginger, garlic powder, the white parts of the green onions, carrots, whole kernel corn and creamed corn until combined. Heat over medium heat until the soup reaches a simmer. Then reduce heat to medium-low, cover and simmer for about 10 minutes, or until the carrots have softened.
  2. In a separate bowl, whisk together the remaining 1 cup stock and cornstarch until combined. Stir the mixture into the soup and cook for 1 minute, or until the soup has thickened.
  3. Using a spoon, begin to swirl the soup slowly in a continuous motion. Then while you are still swirling the soup, drizzle the eggs into the soup in a steady stream. The hot broth will instantly cook the eggs, and they will form those beautiful egg ribbons.
  4. Add in the toasted sesame oil, and stir to combine. Then taste the soup, and season with salt and pepper as needed.
  5. Serve warm, sprinkled with the remaining green parts of the green onions.

#### Instant Pot (Pressure Cooker) Directions:

  1. In the bowl of an Instant Pot, stir together 7 cups stock, chicken, ginger, garlic powder, the white parts of the green onions, carrots, whole kernel corn and creamed corn until combined. Place the lid on the Instant Pot and set the valve to "Sealing." Then pressure cook on high for 8 minutes, followed by a quick release.
  2. In a separate bowl, whisk together the remaining 1 cup stock and cornstarch until combined. Stir the mixture into the soup and cook for 1 minute, or until the soup has thickened.
  3. Using a spoon, begin to swirl the soup slowly in a continuous motion. Then while you are still swirling the soup, drizzle the eggs into the soup in a steady stream. The hot broth will instantly cook the eggs, and they will form those beautiful egg ribbons.
  4. Add in the toasted sesame oil, and stir to combine. Then taste the soup, and season with salt and pepper as needed.
  5. Serve warm, sprinkled with the remaining green parts of the green onions.

* * *

### Notes

*Feel free to use raw boneless skinless chicken breasts in place of the pre-cooked chicken too! If using the:

  * **stovetop method** , simply add the raw chicken breasts along with the rest of the broth ingredients in step one. Then simmer until they are cooked through. Remove the chicken breasts, shred with a fork, then add them back to the soup, and continue on.
  * **Instant Pot method,** simply add the raw chicken breasts along with the rest of the broth ingredients in step one. Then once the broth has finished pressure cooking, remove the chicken breasts, shred with a fork, then add them back to the soup, and continue on.

**If you do not have a can of creamed corn, no worries! Just take a can of
whole kernel corn and pulse it in a food processor or blender until it's
mostly blended, then add it to the soup. (Or you can skip this step
altogether, and just use 100% whole kernel corn instead of the whole/creamed
mix.)

### Let us know if you made this recipe!

Tag @gimmesomeoven on Instagram and hashtag it #gimmesomeoven

_This post contains affiliate links._

Share this Post

  *   *   *   * 

_posted on_ December 14, 2018 _by_ Ali

Chinese-Inspired, Gluten-free, Main Dishes, Soups / Stews

36 Comments »

#### You May Also Like...

### Thai Drunken Noodles (Pad Kee Mao)

### Nut Roast

### Butternut Squash Soup

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe rating _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

###  36 comments on "Chicken and Sweet Corn Soup"

  1. **Paige Worthy** -- December 14, 2018 @ 11:36 am  Reply

Oh my GOD this sounds heavenly

  2. **Lynn** -- December 15, 2018 @ 10:10 pm  Reply

I made this tonight on the stovetop and we really enjoyed it. Very easy to
make, filling and delicious! You weren’t kidding that it makes a lot. Perfect
to have some leftovers. Next time I will reduce the ground ginger or maybe use
some large pieces of fresh ginger to pick out. I like ginger but I found the
ground ginger a bit dominant. All in all a great recipe that I will definitely
make again. Thanks!

★★★★★

  3. **Lani** -- December 16, 2018 @ 7:48 pm  Reply

Made this soup in my instant pot tonight. It was delicious! Thanks for the
recipe. I must have swirled my soup too fast cause I didn't get the nice egg
ribbons like in your pic. Delicious just the same.

★★★★★

  4. **Healthy Kitchen 101** -- December 26, 2018 @ 1:19 am  Reply

Looks so sweet and yummy! This pot reminds me of a kind of soup which combines
crab and other small-cutting vegetables. They are always so hearty and
delicious with this sort of combination ?  
- Natalie

  5. **CHRISTINA MOORE** -- December 27, 2018 @ 10:05 am  Reply

I’m a lover of soups, but I have not tried having one in sweet corn and
chicken. At first, I thought it would be complicated, but it’s not after all.
Its veggies and protein are a plus for my healthy diet. I’m excited to cook
another one for my friends.

★★★★★

  6. **Christina Moore** -- January 3, 2019 @ 9:32 pm  Reply

I’m a lover of soups, but I have not tried having one in sweet corn and
chicken. At first, I thought it would be complicated, but it’s not after all.
Its veggies and protein are a plus for my healthy diet. I’m excited to cook
another one for my friends.

  7. **Shannon** -- January 12, 2019 @ 3:10 pm  Reply

Super easy and super delicious! Definitely a winner and a recipe I will return
to.

★★★★★

  8. **Emily** -- January 17, 2019 @ 9:06 pm  Reply

This soup was delicious, quick and easy to make, kid approved, they all asked
for seconds!

★★★★★

  9. **Emily** -- January 28, 2019 @ 7:35 pm  Reply

Made this tonight and everyone loved it! Love the toasted sesame oil and we
added a few drops of sriracha as well. Definitely will make it again! Perfect
for all the cold weather we are getting in the Midwest :)

★★★★★

    * **Leslie** -- November 1, 2020 @ 9:30 am 

I haven’t made this yet but I’m planning on it. I have some frozen (already
cooked) chicken. Can I use that? What’s the best way to add it and when?
Thanks!

  10. **Shelby** -- March 11, 2019 @ 10:47 pm  Reply

This is GOOD. Its super easy and calls for ingredients that I normally have. I
added cabbage and peas and used fresh ginger instead of ground. I'm sure the
recipe as-is would be wonderful but I wanted to use up ingredients I had on
hand. My egg ribbons didn't turn out like the pictures but it still tastes
great and adds a great texture to the soup. It makes for some killer
leftovers, thanks for another great recipe!

★★★★★

  11. **Darver** -- May 1, 2019 @ 12:36 pm  Reply

Great quick soup for lunches or prelude to home cooked Chinese dinner

★★★★★

  12. **Oluwayemisi** -- May 5, 2019 @ 10:19 am  Reply

I just made this soup and I must confess it is superb. Veeeery delicious and
easy to make. I am not a fan of  
soups only make them once in a year during the Islamic fasting month, I
promised to make this more often after tasting it.  
It is Fantastic , easy to make and makes a lot .  
Thanx very much for sharing the recipe.

★★★★★

  13. **Jodie** -- May 30, 2019 @ 4:26 am  Reply

Loved it!!! I didn't have the spring onion bit it tasted awesome and the kids
loved it too!! Winning.

  14. **Cornelia Brady** -- August 12, 2019 @ 8:14 am  Reply

I am trying this today, sounds like a great soup

★★★★★

  15. **Akelah Hawkins** -- September 2, 2019 @ 11:47 am  Reply

My mom normally make my soups. Today I will be trying this recipe for the
first time.  
My kitchen is smelling good. I'll take a picture once it's completely done.

★★★★★

  16. **Cathy** -- October 21, 2019 @ 8:24 am  Reply

Delicious!!! I’ve made this twice so far and it’s a big hit with the family.
The second time I added peas with the corn and carrots. So good!

★★★★★

  17. **meal prepper** -- October 22, 2019 @ 11:04 am  Reply

Love this soup! I'm a med student so meal prepping for me is key, and this is
super easy to whip up for the week! I never get old of it - I've been adding
frozen chopped spinach and peas to amp up the servings and the veggie content!
Will also say a tad of soy sauce instead of salt and sriracha increase the
depth of flavor! I get so many compliments when I take this out at lunch :)

★★★★★

  18. **Casey** -- February 1, 2020 @ 1:55 am  Reply

For the Instant Pot instructions… what setting do you switch to after the
pressure cook and quick release?

  19. **Melissa** -- March 26, 2020 @ 7:42 pm  Reply

Hi! I have creamed corn but no whole kernel, will it still work? Thanks!

    * **Ali** -- March 30, 2020 @ 8:29 am 

Sure, it will just be creamier! ;)

  20. **Gemma Sisia** -- April 27, 2020 @ 10:10 am  Reply

Made it and lovvvvved it. However we cannot eat the standard amount as we are
four in our family. Can I freeze half? If so what step do I freeze after?
Would love some advice.

★★★★★

  21. **Roshni Jacob** -- May 9, 2020 @ 2:16 pm  Reply

So so so good! Thank you for sharing this recipe! I may have made so much for
one person, but that's gonna be my appetizer, main, and dessert for the next 3
days haha.

★★★★★

  22. **Janet Tehennepe** -- July 9, 2020 @ 5:29 am  Reply

I love this soup but have made a couple of adjustments. I buy chicken lovely
legs which are drumsticks that are skinless and with long bone cut off. I
simmer them for 1 hour and separate the chicken from the bones. It is lovely
and tender with so much flavour. I personally don’t add carrot but pretty much
follow the rest of recipie to a tee. It tastes so authentic that now when I go
Chinese restaurants I don’t order c & c soup anymore. My whole family loves
this version, so thank you because it took years of practice to get it right?

  23. **leah** -- August 22, 2020 @ 3:26 pm  Reply

i do not have any toasted sesame oil… is this something that can be left out?

  24. **Stacey** -- September 10, 2020 @ 4:02 am  Reply

This recipe was amazing! So easy to make. My 8 year old fussy eater even went
back for seconds!  
Hubby reckoned it was better than they make at our local Chinese takeaway.  
I will definitely be making this again.  
This also makes enough for 2 nights for a family of 5.  
Thank you again, great recipe!

★★★★★

  25. **Michelle** -- October 3, 2020 @ 10:21 am  Reply

Can i use slow cooker?

  26. **Chris** -- October 4, 2020 @ 2:26 pm  Reply

Fantastic recipe! Really enjoyed this and it was simple enough to prepare.

Perfect for a rainy day like today (here in Toronto, ON)

Thanks!

  27. **Lynn O’Brien** -- October 8, 2020 @ 7:55 pm  Reply

Awesome soup! ?

★★★★★

  28. **Geri** -- October 12, 2020 @ 1:19 pm  Reply

So so good. Made this last night but we don't like ginger so I omitted that.
Delicious and so comforting. Brought it to work today and it was perfect for
this cold, rainy day. Will definitely make again! Thanks for a great recipe :)

★★★★★

  29. **Alysse** -- December 4, 2020 @ 12:50 pm  Reply

We really like this recipe and are excited to try it again with variations
like adding veggies, etc. My husband wants to try adding celery and I want to
also add hardboiled eggs. The ginger gives it a distinctive different taste
but in a good way

We used our slow cooker for this, and regular onions since we didn't have
green onions on hand. We added everything up front except the eggs and set on
low. After 5 hours, we pulled the chicken out to dice and added the eggs. The
eggs don't really create trails but kind of just dissolved making it look like
a creamier soup. I guess bc we used the slow cooker. We didn't eat it for
about another hour bc ran long on work. Delicious!

  30. **Kit** -- March 1, 2021 @ 7:40 am  Reply

This recipe is an absolute winner in our house. I should know it off by heart
as I cook it often, but I still refer back to the page every time.

I usually use homemade chicken stock and make a big batch, then freeze in
smaller portions.

It's great any time but especially when you're sick.

★★★★★

  31. **Nicki** -- September 3, 2021 @ 9:25 pm  Reply

Delicious and so simple!

  32. **Amy** -- October 18, 2021 @ 6:08 pm  Reply

I just made this and its soooooo good. I didn’t have sesame oil so in a pinch
I blended my sesame seeds with the corn kennels to make the cream corned,
turned out great! I will definitely be making this again. Just so so
delicious. Thank you!

★★★★★

  33. **Derek** -- December 3, 2021 @ 2:41 am  Reply

Delicious! Made a double batch for freezing. Simple to follow, and tasted like
a restaurant quality soup. Would recommend cooking and cornstarching the
chicken if you want that ultra tender texture

For those struggling with ribbons, you have to do a slow stir and a little at
a time for best results.

Recommended!

★★★★★

  34. **Liz** -- April 28, 2022 @ 12:32 pm  Reply

Very good! Used homemade broth and fresh corn. I added celery and onion too. I
halved it and still got 6 servings! The only thing I would do is add some fish
oil or maybe soy sauce for a little depth of flavor. Mine definitely turned
out a little bland. But seems so healthy!  
Ali, do you happen to have the nutritional info for this?

★★★★★

### Hey, I’m Ali!

My favorite thing in life is time spent around the table. And all the better
with some seriously tasty food to bring us all together. **more about me »**

### Subscribe via Email:

### Food (more)

#### Ginger Peach Crisp

#### Vegan Brownies

#### Peach Gazpacho

### Life (more)

#### Currently

#### Currently

#### 3 Meaningful Ways You Can Help Support Ukraine Right Now

### Travel (more)

#### Ali's Guide To Istanbul

#### Ali's Guide To Mexico City

#### Ali's Guide To The Amalfi Coast

  * Home
  * About Ali
  * Privacy Policy
  * Work With Us
  * Contact

(C)2009-2022 Gimme Some Oven. _Design by_ Purr.  

