https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/chicken-sweet-corn-soup/042e515d-321c-48eb-973b-05a820035e74


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Chicken and sweet corn soup

  * _10m_ prep
  * _15m_ cook
  * _4_ servings 

178

Save Recipe

5,561 people saved this

484 people made this

With the last days of winter upon us, this soup has been a Taste member
favourite over the last couple of months, so, if you haven't already, give it
a try!

S

Sarah Hobbs

319 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain egg, sesame and soybean.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 13 Ingredients 
  * 5 Method Steps 

#### 13 Ingredients

  * 1L (4 cups) chicken consomme 

  * 2 (about 200g each) single Lilydale Free Range Chicken Breast

  * 1 tbsp light soy sauce 

  * 2 tsp finely grated fresh ginger 

  * 1 tbsp Coles Cornflour 

  * 60ml (1/4 cup) water 

  * 1 x 420g can creamed corn 

  * 1 x 300g can corn kernels, rinsed, drained 

  * 100g shaved ham, thinly sliced 

  * 2 egg whites 

  * 1 tsp sesame oil 

  * 6 green shallots, ends trimmed, thinly sliced diagonally 

  * Salt & freshly ground black pepper 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 5 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Place the consomme  (1L (4 cups) chicken consomme) and chicken  (2 (about 200g
each) single Lilydale Free Range Chicken Breast) in a large saucepan and bring
to the boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 5 minutes or
until chicken is cooked through. Transfer chicken to a heatproof bowl. Set
aside for 5 minutes to cool slightly. Finely shred.

  * Step 2

Add the soy sauce  (1 tbsp light soy sauce) and ginger  (2 tsp finely grated
fresh ginger) to the consomme mixture. Place the cornflour  (1 tbsp Coles
Cornflour) in a small bowl and gradually stir in the water  (60ml (1/4 cup)
water) until smooth and combined. Gradually stir the cornflour mixture into
the consomme mixture. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 2 minutes or until
consomme thickens slightly. Add the chicken, creamed corn  (1 x 420g can
creamed corn), corn  (1 x 300g can corn kernels, rinsed, drained) and ham
(100g shaved ham, thinly sliced) and cook, stirring occasionally, for 2
minutes or until hot.

  * Step 3

Use a fork to whisk the egg whites  (2 egg whites) in a small bowl. Gradually
pour the egg whites into the soup, stirring constantly with a wooden spoon.

  * Step 4

Cook for 2 minutes or until white ribbons swirl though the soup. Remove from
heat.

  * Step 5

Add the sesame oil  (1 tsp sesame oil) and half the green shallot  (6 green
shallots, ends trimmed, thinly sliced diagonally) and stir to combine. Taste
and season with salt and pepper  (Salt & freshly ground black pepper). Ladle
the soup among serving bowls and sprinkle with the remaining green shallot.
Serve immediately.

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

484 people made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

5,561 people saved this

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by Steve Brown

##  Popular on Taste

  1. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  2. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  3. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

  4. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

  5. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

  6. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

  7. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  8. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

