https://recipes.timesofindia.com/recipes/chilli-garlic-paneer/rs88846594.cms


+

Ã—

Thanks For Rating

 __

Reminder Successfully Set!

Comments (0)

Sort: NewestUpVotedOldestDiscussedDown Voted

closecomments

Your Rating:

12345

(Tap and add)

  * Nice recipe
  * Will try out
  * Worth trying
  * Wonderful recipe
  * That's yummy
  * Looks delicious
  * I enjoyed this recipe
  * Helpful recipe

Submit

Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory,
and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred
against any community. **Help us delete comments** that do not follow these
guidelines **by marking them offensive**. Let's work together to keep the
conversation civil.

Add to collections

Chilli Garlic Paneer

Add

Save

Chilli Garlic Paneer

Your Rating

12345

Good0

Your Rating has been successfully submitted.

Write a review (Optional)

(Tap and add)

  * Nice recipe
  * Will try out
  * Worth trying
  * Wonderful recipe
  * That's yummy
  * Looks delicious
  * I enjoyed this recipe
  * Helpful recipe

SubmitSubmit

Characters Remaining: 3000

  
  
  
Your Rating has been successfully submitted.

Times Food

  * Open App 

  * Hello! __

    * My Profile
    * My Times
    * Help
    * Log Out

  * Log In __

  * Home
  * Recipes _+_

    * Paneer Recipes
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Biryani Recipes
    * Potato Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * Mutton Recipes
    * Rice Recipes
    * Street Food
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Tandoor Recipes
    * Microwave Recipes
    * One-Pot Meals 
    * Comfort Food
    * Sunday Brunch
    * High Tea
    * Weekend Breakfasts
    * Beverages

  *  _New_ Rakhi
  * Health _+_

    * Diabetic
    * Low-Carb
    * Vegan
    * Keto
    * Gluten Free
    * Low Cholesterol
    * High Fibre 
    * Low Calorie
    * Dairy Free
    * High Protein

  * Cuisines _+_

    * Greek
    * Mexican
    * North Indian
    * Continental
    * Mughlai
    * Chinese
    * Punjabi
    * South Indian
    * Italian
    * Rajasthani
    * Jain
    * Bengali
    * Gujarati
    * American
    * Goan
    * Mediterranean
    * French
    * Satvik
    * Asian
    * Kashmiri
    * Maharashtrian
    * Fusion
    * East Indian
    * West India
    * Thai

  * Desserts _+_

    * No Bake Desserts
    * Cookies
    * Cakes
    * Birthday Cakes
    * North Indian Desserts
    * South Indian Desserts
    * Punjabi Desserts
    * Goan Desserts
    * Gujarati Desserts
    * Rajasthani Desserts
    * Bengali Desserts

  * Diet Plans _+_

    * Low Carb
    * Gluten Free
    * Keto Recipes

  * Courses _+_

    * Soups
    * Snacks
    * Salads
    * Appetizers
    * Finger Food
    * Veg Snacks
    * Breakfast
    * Lunch
    * Veg Dinners 
    * Dinners
    * Biryani
    * Paratha
    * Kebab
    * Sandwiches
    * Desserts
    * Party Snacks
    * Dips
    * Kids

  * Features _+_

    * Food News
    * Kitchen Hacks
    * Health
    * Food Facts
    * Food Trips
    * Trending

  *  __Recipe Videos
  * Boardroom Kitchen

 __

Search

Advanced Search

ADD A RECIPE

Add a Recipe

 __

 _Add Food_ Add Food Recipe _Add Drink_ Add Beverage Recipe

__

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Wondering what to cook today? Sign up to get daily ideas on meals

Wondering what to cook today? Subscribe to get daily ideas on meals

Daily Newsletter

Editor's pick on the best recipes, articles and videos.

Weekly Newsletter

You have been successfully subscribed to the Food Newsletter

SUBSCRIBE

You can always unsubscribe later

By subscribing to newsletter, you acknowledge our privacy policy

 __

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Wondering what to cook today? Sign up to get daily ideas on meals

Wondering what to cook today? Subscribe to get daily ideas on meals

Daily Newsletter

Editor's pick on the best recipes, articles and videos.

Weekly Newsletter

We are sad to see you go!

You have been successfully unsubscribed from the Food Newsletter

SUBSCRIBE

Click here

to Unsubscribe

By subscribing to newsletter, you acknowledge our privacy policy

FoodBeverages __

  * Type __
  * Cuisines __
  * Courses& Meals __
  * Cooking Skills __
  * Cooking Time __
  * Cooking Method __
  * Dietary Restrictions __

  * Veg
  * Non veg 
  * Eggetarian 
  * Vegan 

Include

Exclude

  * North Indian 
  * South Indian 
  * Chinese 
  * Asian 
  * Italian 
  * Mughlai 
  * American 
  * Punjabi 
  * Mediterranean 
  * Mexican 
  * Gujarati 
  * Fusion 
  * Thai 
  * Sattvik 
  * Maharashtrian 
  * Rajasthani 
  * Malabar Cuisine 
  * Bengali 
  * Bihari 
  * Konkani 
  * Goan 
  * Kashmiri 
  * Vietnamese 
  * Middle Eastern 
  * Parsi 
  * French 
  * Australian 

  * Low Cal 
  * Gluten Free 
  * Diabetic 
  * Low Carb 
  * Low Cholestrol 
  * Weight loss 
  * Balanced Diet 
  * Zero Oil 
  * Low Sodium 
  * High Fiber 
  * Pregnancy 
  * Nursing 
  * High Protein 
  * Dairy Free 
  * Tree Nut Free 

  * Soups & Stews 
  * Appetizers 
  * Salads 
  * Dip 
  * Side Dishes 
  * Mains 
  * Dessert 
  * Cake 
  * Breakfast 
  * Brunch 
  * Lunch 
  * Tiffin 
  * Snacks 
  * High tea 
  * Sandwiches & Wraps 
  * Chaat 
  * Dinner 
  * Kids 

  * Baked 
  * Boiled 
  * BBQ 
  * Grilled 
  * Microwaved 
  * Tandoor 
  * No Cook 
  * Pan Fried 
  * Stir Fry 
  * Roasted 
  * Slow Cooked 
  * Deep Fried 
  * Steamed 
  * Smoked 
  * Sauteed 
  * Simmered 

  * Easy 
  * Intermediate 
  * Expert 

  * Within 30 min 
  * Within 1 hr 
  * Within 1.5 hr 
  * Within 2 hr 

  * Cocktail 
  * Non Alcoholic 

  * Base   
Alcohol

  * Category
  * By flavor   
profile

  * By flavor   
profile

  * Bitter 
  * Creamy 
  * Fruity 
  * Salty 
  * Sour 
  * Spicy 
  * Sweet 

**Liquors**

  * Beer 
  * Black Rum 
  * Brandy 
  * Bourbon Whiskey 
  * Gin 
  * Ginger Beer 
  * Irish Whiskey 
  * Malibu White Rum 
  * Port Wine 
  * Red Wine 
  * Scotch Whiskey 
  * Single Malt Whiskey 
  * Sloe Gin 
  * Tequilla 
  * Dry Vermouth 
  * Vodka 
  * White Rum 
  * Dry White Wine 

**Liqueurs**

  * Amaretto 
  * Apple Liqueur 
  * Baileys Irish Cream 
  * Bitters 
  * Cointreu 
  * Expresso Liqueur 
  * Ginger Liqueur 
  * Herbal Liqueur 
  * Kahlua 
  * Lemon Liqueur 
  * Limoncello 
  * Peach Schnapps 
  * Sweet Herbal Liqueur 
  * Triple Sec 
  * Whiskey Based Liqueur 

  * Bitter 
  * Creamy 
  * Fruity 
  * Salty 
  * Sour 
  * Spicy 
  * Sweet 

  * Coffees 
  * Juices 
  * Mocktails 
  * Shakes 
  * Smoothies 
  * Teas 

Clear AllApply Filters

  * Times Food
  * Recipes
  * Chilli Garlic Paneer

# Chilli Garlic Paneer Recipe

by TNN

Updated : Jan 12, 2022, 10:12 IST

Avg. Rating

0 Rate

Your Rating

 __Comments (1)

  * SHARE
  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Pinit
  * Print

  * Total Time30m
  * Prep Time15 m
  * Calories121

 __Bookmark __Add To Collection

Craving a scrumptious but healthy snack? Just grab a handful of ingredients
from the kitchen and make this no-fuss Chilli Garlic Paneer recipe. If you are
a paneer lover, then you need to try this lip-smacking paneer recipe right
away. You can serve this Paneer dish as a snack or an appetizer. Be it kids or
adults, everyone will love this flavourful cottage cheese recipe for sure. You
just need to prepare a marinade first by mixing curd with a melange of spices.
Next, the paneer goes in and coated well in the mixture. It is then sauteed in
just 2 tbsp oil to give the paneer a crispy exterior. Pair up the Chilli
Garlic Paneer with a beverage of your choice for a wholesome meal. If you love
the aroma and strong flavours of garlic, then you need to try this super easy
recipe right away. You can even stuff this Chilli Garlic Paneer in sandwiches,
wraps, rolls and even parathas to make some finger-licking meals. We have used
some common kitchen spices here, however, you can increase or decrease them as
per your taste. Tip- Add 1 tsp pav bhaji masala to give the paneer an extra
masaledar zing. Do try this recipe, rate it and let us know how it turned out
to be by leaving a comment in the section below. Happy Cooking! (image
credits- istock)

Read moreRead less

## Ingredients of Chilli Garlic Paneer

4 Servings1 Serving2 Servings3 Servings4 Servings5 Servings6 Servings7
Servings8 Servings9 Servings10 Servings11 Servings12 Servings13 Servings14
Servings15 Servings16 Servings17 Servings18 Servings19 Servings20 Servings

  * 200 gm paneer
  * 2 green chilli
  * 2 teaspoon chilli garlic paste
  * 1 teaspoon coriander powder
  * 1 teaspoon kasoori methi powder
  * 2 tablespoon lemon juice
  * 2 tablespoon virgin olive oil

  * 8 cloves garlic
  * 1/4 cup yoghurt (curd)
  * 1/2 teaspoon garam masala powder
  * 1 teaspoon dry mango powder
  * 1 teaspoon red chilli powder
  * salt as required

### How to make Chilli Garlic Paneer

  * #### Step 1 Prepare the marinade

Take a bowl. Add curd, lemon juice, chilli garlic paste, garam masala,
coriander powder, dry mango powder, kasoori methi, red chilli powder and salt
as per taste. Give a good mix to prepare a thick marinade.

  * ##### Step 2 Marinate the paneer

Chop the paneer into small cubes and add them to the prepared marinade. Mix
well to coat all the cubes properly. Let them sit aside for 10 minutes.

  * ###### Step 3 Saute the paneer pieces

Now take a non-stick tawa or pan. Add olive oil to it and let it heat up. Add
finely chopped garlic and green chillies. Cover the pan with a lid and keep
the flame low to let the oil absorb the garlic-chilli flavours and aroma.
After a few minutes add all the paneer cubes one by one to the pan. Cover with
a lid and let them cook on low medium heat. Make sure you cook on low heat to
give them the perfect texture. Toss and turn the paneer to cook it from all
the sides.

  * ###### Step 4 Ready to be served

Once golden brown in colour, your Chilli Garlic Paneer is ready to be served.
Serve with a dip of your choice.

##### Tips

  1. You can add or reduces the spices as per your taste. 
  2. Serve the Chilli Garlic Paneer with some onion rings and mint chutney on the side for best taste. 

Comments(1)

Rate this Recipe

12345

0

Your Rating has been successfully submitted.

Write a review (Optional)

(Tap and add)

  * Nice recipe
  * Will try out
  * Worth trying
  * Wonderful recipe
  * That's yummy
  * Looks delicious
  * I enjoyed this recipe
  * Helpful recipe

SubmitSubmit

  
  
  
Your Rating has been successfully submitted.

## SUBSCRIBE NOW

### Liked our recipe collection?

Subscribe to receive easy recipes in your inbox

Subscribe

By subscribing to newsletter, you acknowledge our privacy policy

Related Recipe Videos

  * How to make Vegetable Pancake __

  * How to make Stuffed Broccoli Paratha __

  * How to make Arbi 65 __

  * How to make Palak Makai Pulao __

  * How to make Sesame Coated Sama Rice Cutlets __

  * How to make Chicken Stuffed Chilli __

  * How to make Tandoori Chicken Tikka __

  * How to make Paneer Methi Malai __

  * How to make Parwal Fry __

Next Recipe

Promoted Stories

## SUBSCRIBE NOW

### Liked our recipe collection?

Subscribe to receive easy recipes in your inbox

Subscribe

By subscribing to newsletter, you acknowledge our privacy policy

Similar Recipes

  * Pista Choco Barfi

25m

  * Spinach Raita

10m

  * Healthy Mango Yoghurt

10m

  * Beetroot Raita

30m

Latest Recipes

  * Fried Masala Potatoes
  * Berry Ice Cream
  * Brazilian Lemonade
  * Indian Spicy Mocha

Featured Recipes

  * Rava Upma
  * Pink Sauce Pasta
  * Red Velvet Cookies
  * Indian-style Trail Mix
  * Chicken Cheese Sandwich

Popular Recipes

Mutton CurryPunjabi Mutton CurryChicken Biryani RecipeChristmas
MimosaChristmas PuddingRoasted TurkeyChristmas Stollen CakeChristmas
CakePaneer Chilli DryDark Chocolate CoffeeEggless Christmas CakeChocolate
Vanilla PuddingChicken Curry RecipeShahi Paneer RecipePav Bhaji RecipeAloo
Paratha Recipe

TIMES FOOD

FAQ's

Feedback

Authors

Terms and Conditions

Privacy Policy

About us

Contact us

Cookie Policy

Subscribe

RSS

Do Not Sell

Follow us on

  *   *   *   *   *   *   *   * 

Popular Picks

Muradabadi Chicken RecipeKeema recipeGluten Free FoodsVirgin Mojito
RecipeLemon Mint Juice RecipeKashmiri Kahwa RecipeAmla Juice RecipeLemon Grass
Juice RecipeChinese RecipesLemon Ginger Juice RecipeBlack Tea RecipeGobhi
Paratha RecipeGreek Salad recipeApple Shake RecipeGinger Tea Recipe

Popular Recipes

Kadhai Chicken RecipeAloo Paratha RecipeCold Coffee recipePuran Poli
RecipePalak Paneer RecipeRasgulla RecipeKhichdi RecipeGulab Jamun RecipeSamosa
recipeLemon Rice RecipeUpma RecipeVeg Biryani RecipeChicken 65 recipeSooji
Halwa RecipeChicken Manchurian Recipe

Recipe Videos

Aloo Paratha Recipe VideoChicken Biryani Recipe VideoPav Bhaji Recipe
VideoShahi Paneer Recipe VideoChicken Pizza Recipe VideoPaneer Biryani Recipe
VideoDiwali Cleaning TipsSamosa Recipe VideoPerfect Pasta TipsMethi Paratha
Recipe VideoGondh ke Laddoo Recipe VideoChicken Masala Recipe VideoAndhra
Mutton Roast Recipe VideoKerala Fish Recipe VideoNachos Pizza Recipe Video

Cuisines

Thai Food RecipesJain RecipesChinese RecipesAsian RecipesBengali Food
RecipesPunjabi RecipesMughlai RecipesItalian Food RecipesMexican RecipesNorth
Indian Food RecipesRajasthani RecipesSouth Indian RecipesContinental Food
RecipesSatvik Recipes

Courses & Meals

Salad RecipesDesserts & SweetsKebab RecipesParatha RecipesBiryani
RecipesDinner RecipesVeg DinnersLunch RecipesBreakfast RecipesVeg SnacksFinger
Food RecipesAppetizer RecipesSnack RecipesSoup Recipes

Healthy Meals

Diabetic RecipesLow Cholesterol RecipesCookiesDinner RecipesParatha
RecipesSalad RecipesSnack RecipesSoup RecipesParty Snacks RecipesDesserts &
SweetsSandwich RecipesKebab RecipesAppetizer RecipesVeg SnacksBreakfast
RecipesBiryani Recipes

Copyright 2022 Bennett coleman and co. ltd.All rights reserved.The Times of
India. | For reprint rights: Times syndication service

