https://www.news18.com/news/lifestyle/how-to-make-tasty-ginger-garlic-paneer-in-minutes-4905545.html


Advertisement

CHANGE LANGUAGE

English

हिन्दी বাংলা मराठी ગુજરાતી ಕನ್ನಡ தமிழ் മലയാളം తెలుగు ਪੰਜਾਬੀ اردو অসমীয়া ଓଡ଼ିଆ

**WATCH LIVE TV**

 **DOWNLOAD News18 APP**

 **Follow Us On**

Trending Topics :#Movies **#CommonwealthGames2022**#IndependenceDay
**#IndvsWI**

  * Home
  * Showsha
  * Politics
  * India
  * Cricket
  * World
  * Education
  * Business
  * Buzz 
  * Opinion
  * Photos
  * Videos
  * Tracker

  * 

  * Home
  * Showsha
  * Politics
  * India
  * Cricket
  * World
  * Education
  * Business
  * Buzz 
  * Opinion
  * Photos
  * Videos
  * Movies
  * Web Stories
  * Tech
  * Auto 
  * Health
  * Lifestyle
  * Sports
  * Astrology
  * Travel
  * Football
  * Food
  *   * Tennis
  * Power Circuit
  * BYJU’S Young Genius
  * Markets
  * Tax
  * Cryptocurrency
  * Savings and Investments
  * Money Matters
  * Breaking News

Latest **Commonwealth Games**MoviesLifestyleExplainersTechAutoSportsWeb
StoriesCryptocurrency#ItsNotOK#HydrationforHealth

  * Latest
  *  **Commonwealth Games**
  * Movies
  * Lifestyle
  * Explainers
  * Tech
  * Auto
  * Sports
  * Web Stories
  * Cryptocurrency
  * #ItsNotOK
  * #HydrationforHealth
  * 

Home »  News »  Lifestyle » How To Make Tasty Ginger Garlic Paneer in Minutes

1-MIN READ

#  How To Make Tasty Ginger Garlic Paneer in Minutes

By: Lifestyle Desk

Local News Desk

Last Updated: March 24, 2022, 18:45 IST

Here is a quick recipe to make ginger garlic paneer at home.

## This recipe is also extremely nutritious and healthy for your body since it
includes the goodness of paneer and garlic.

  * Follow us:

FacebookTwitterInstagramTelegramGoogle News

Are you tired of making the same old chilli paneer and paneer tikka for your
get-togethers? Here is a lip-smacking dish which would surely earn you a lot
of praise from your friends. Ginger garlic paneer is a delectable dish that
can be easily prepared at home. What’s unique about this dish is that it’s
liked by both children and adults alike and takes significantly less time to
prepare.

The dish is also extremely nutritious and healthy for your body since it
includes the goodness of paneer and garlic. The presence of ginger and garlic
paste gives the dish a punch. Here is a quick recipe to make ginger garlic
paneer at home.

**Here are the ingredients for making ginger garlic paneer**

Paneer – 100 grams

Ginger-garlic paste – 1 tsp

Red chilli powder – 1/4 tsp

Garam masala – 1/2 tsp

Tomato sauce – 1 tsp

Soya sauce – 1/4 tsp

Oil

Salt

To prepare the dish you need to first cut the paneer into small pieces and mix
them well with tomato sauce, soy sauce, and ginger-garlic paste in a bowl.

Following this, add red chilli powder, garam masala and salt as per taste and
mix them well. Add the pieces of paneer into this mixture and keep it aside
for 30 minutes.

Heat the oil in a pan on low flame and deep fry the pieces of paneer mixed
with spices. Continue to fry till the pieces of paneer turn golden brown. Your
ginger garlic paneer is now ready to be served along with delicious tomato
sauce or mint chutney.

Read all the Latest News , Breaking News and Ukraine-Russia War Live Updates
here.

About the Author

  * 

Lifestyle Desk

Our life needs a bit of style to get the perfect zing in the daily routine.
News18 Lifestyle is one-stop destination for everything you need to know
a...Read More

first published:March 24, 2022, 18:43 IST

last updated:March 24, 2022, 18:45 IST

## Photogallery

  * John Abraham, Tara Sutaria, Arjun Kapoor, Disha Patani, Alia Bhatt Among Celebrities Spotted Out And About

19PHOTOS

  * Mouni Roy Sets Internet Ablaze With Her Sexy Bikini Photoshoot, Check Out The Diva's Hottest Bikini Pictures

10PHOTOS

TRENDING TOPICS

 __Movies __Commonwealth Games 2022 __Independence Day __India vs West Indies
__Narendra Modi __Rashmika Mandanna __BTS __Anushka Sharma __Elon Musk __Shah
Rukh Khan __Uddhav Thackeray __Kangana Ranaut __Cryptocurrency __Virat Kohli
__Priyanka Chopra Jonas __Sunny Leone __Alia Bhatt __Ukraine __Vicky Kaushal
__Gold Price Today

HOT ON SOCIAL

Katrina KaifRanveer SinghNora FatehiJanhvi KapoorVaani KapoorKiara AdvaniKriti
SanonMalaika AroraHina KhanEsha GuptaSophie ChoudhryPriyanka ChopraNushrratt
BharucchaDisha PataniLisa HaydonAnanya PandayJacqueline FernandezAnusha
DandekarUrvashi RautelaSanya Malhotra

POPULAR CATEGORIES

Latest NewsIndiaMovies WorldPolitics BuzzAutoTech VideosPhotosWeb Stories
Cricket NewsExplainersShowshaOpinion LifestyleBusinessEducation-
CareerAstrologySports

LANGUAGE SITES

Hindi NewsMarathi NewsGujarati NewsBengali NewsTamil NewsTelugu NewsKannada
NewsMalayalam NewsPunjabi NewsUrdu NewsAssam NewsOdia News

Network18 Group Sites

TopperLearningCricketNextMoneycontrolFirstpostCNBCTV18History IndiaMTV India

LIVE TV __

About UsCookie PolicyDisclaimerContact UsRSSComplaint RedressalAdvertise with
Us

Follow us on

 __ __ __ __ __

Download News18 App

 __ __

CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2020 Cable News Network LP,
LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are
registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission.
Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate
from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of
them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2020. All rights
reserved.

