https://myspicetrunk.com/2020/12/08/paneer-in-hot-garlic-sauce/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content

myspicetrunk

  * Home
  * Vegetarian
  * Dessert
  * Asian
  * About Me
  * Allrecipes
  * ## Nav Social Menu

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest

  * search...

# Paneer in Hot Garlic Sauce

December 8, 2020 By Smita Leave a Comment

VEG

Paneer in hot garlic sauce is an Indo Chinese style vegetarian gravy dish. If
you are craving something spicy and garlicky, then this Paneer dish is perfect
for you. In addition, this goes well with any type of rice and noodles.

Paneer In Hot Garlic Sauce

## What is Hot Garlic Sauce?

Hot Garlic Sauce is a type of Indo chinese sauce which is tangy, spicy and
garlicky. It has an amazing flavor profile. I love to use these sauces with
vegetables, paneer, tofu, and veg balls . It is really comforting and
especially so in the winter.

## What Ingredients are needed for Paneer in hot Garlic Sauce?

  * Sriracha Sauce/Schezwan Sauce/Any Red Chilli Sauce
  * Dry Red Chilli
  * Dark Soy Sauce
  * Vinegar
  * Brown Sugar
  * Red Pepper Flakes
  * Crushed Black Pepper
  * Chopped Garlic
  * Chopped Green Chilli
  * Corn Starch
  * Water
  * Paneer
  * Garlic Powder
  * Little bit of oil.
  * Green onion
  * Salt

## Can We Customize the Recipe ?

Absolutely. You can customize the recipe according to your preferences.

*You can increase or decrease the quantity of Chilli paste in this recipe. I will not advise removing it for any other sauce. This red chilli sauce/sriracha sauce is the soul of hot garlic sauce. If you don't eat very spicy food, just reduce the quantity. You can remove some green chillies in that case.

*For a vegan alternative or for some reasons you do not want to use Paneer, you can use **tofu.** Tofu will taste amazing with this sauce.

*Use lots of fresh exotic vegetables. Boil them or stir fry them to use in this sauce. You will love them in any case.

*Instead of shallow frying/deep frying you can air fry or bake the paneer. That will make the recipe less oily for sure.

Paneer in hot garlic sauce

## You May Want to check other Indo Chinese Recipes

Mongolian Tofu Stir Fry

Stir Fried Veg Noodles

Veg Balls in Hot Garlic Sauce

Easy Vegetable Stir Fry

Veg Fried Rice

## How Can We Make The Paneer in Hot Garlic Sauce?

Two steps are important in this recipe

1-First step is to make cubes of paneer. You choose size and thickness
according to your taste. I prefer little big cubes of paneer as they look
good.

Coat them with corn flour, garlic powder, red pepper flakes and a few drops of
water. Depending on your choice you can shallow fry, deep fry, air fry or bake
them.

They will all take different times and yield different textures. However when
you dip them in hot garlic sauce they all will taste the same.

2-The second step is to make a wonderful hot garlic sauce. Take a wok/pan. Add
just a few drops of oil and heat it. Add chopped garlic and chopped green
chillies to it.

Let them infuse the oil with their flavour. Add chilli sauce, soy sauce,
vinegar and brown sugar to it. Let the sauce cook for 1 minute and add black
pepper and red pepper flakes to it. Mix some corn starch with water and add it
to the sauce.

Cook the paneer in the sauce for 1-2 minutes on low/medium flame. Paneer will
soak all the beautiful flavours from the sauce and will look plump. Garnish
with chopped green onion and serve.

## Paneer in Hot Garlic Sauce

Smita

Crispy Paneer is cooked in a delicious garlic flavoured chilli sauce. It is
spicy, tangy, and really flavourful. Goes well with any type of rice or
noodles.

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 15 mins

Cook Time 10 mins

Total Time 25 mins

Course Main Course, Side Dish

Cuisine Indo Chinese

Servings 4

### Ingredients

  

#### For Making Crispy Paneer

  * 20 Cubes Paneer
  * 2 Tbsp Corn Starch
  * 1 Tbsp water
  * ½ Tsp Garlic Powder
  * ½ Tsp Red Pepper Flakes
  * Pinch of salt

#### For Hot Garlic Sauce

  * 1 Tsp Oil
  * 4 Big Cloves of garlic chopped
  * 1 Medium Green Chilli Chopped(Optional)
  * 3 Tbsp Schezwan sauce/Sri racha Sauce/Any other red chilli Sauce
  * 1 Tbsp Soy sauce
  * 1 Tsp Brown Sugar
  * 1 Tsp Vinegar
  * ½ Tsp Red Pepper Flakes
  * ½ Tsp Crushed black pepper
  * 1 Tbsp Corn Starch
  * Pinch of salt
  * ½ Cup Fresh Chopped Green Onion
  * 3 Cups Water
  * 2 Dry  Red Chilli(Optional)

### Instructions



#### Making of Crispy Paneer(Deep Frying)

  * Make cubes of paneer.Mix corn starch ,red pepper flakes ,little bit of salt and garlic powder.Make sure Paneer cubes are coated really well with this dry mixture.Sprinkle 1 tbsp of water over all the paneer and mix them nicely .Your marinate Paneer cubes are ready for frying.

  * Take a wok /pan.

  * Fill them with oil for deep frying.When its hot enough ,keep the flame on medium and fry paneer cubes till they look golden crispy from all sides.Remove them on a paper towel.

#### Air Frying of Paneer

  * Pre- heat air Fryer on 370 F.for 5 minutes.

  * Brush inside of air fryer with little bit oil to prevent sticking.

  * Arrange paneer cubes in the air fryer and air fry on 370 F for 5 minutes first.Brush with little oil and turn it over .Air fry them again for 5 minutes.

  * Keep an eye on your Paneer Cubes .You may take less time or sometimes more depending on your paneer or air fryer.Remove them in a plate .Do it in two three batches to avoid over crowding.

#### Making of hot garlic sauce

  * Prepare garlic and Green chillies by chopping them. 

  * Take a pan/wok.Heat it .

  * Add one tsp of oil to it .

  * Add dry red chilli and let it crackle.Add chopped garlic and green chilli to it .

  * Let it cook it till they look light brown ,.That will infuse the oil with the flavour of garlic and chilli.Add red pepper flakes ,crushed black pepper to it .

  * Add chilli sauce.soy sauce ,brown sugar to it.stir it and let it cook for 1 minute on low flame .

  * Add corn starch mixed with 3 cups of water.Make it lump free.Add it to the pan/wok.

  * Let it cook on medium flame .Add vinegar .Taste the sauce.If you need to add salt .Do it .

  * Add paneer to it .Let it cook on medium flame .

  * Cook it till you feel that consistency is right for you .

  * Garnish with green onion and serve with noodles or rice.

  * Enjoy.

### Share this:

  * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
  * 

### Like this:

Like Loading...

### Related posts:

Chili Paneer Vegan Mapo Tofu Badami Paneer/Paneer in Creamy Almond Curry Dum
Paneer Masala

Previous Post: « Khopra Patties/Potato Croquettes stuffed with Coconut Spice
Mix.

Next Post: Tofu with Sichuan PepperCorn and Chili »

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Footer

↑ back to top

###

Like us

  * Facebook
  * Pinterest
  * Instagram

Privacy Policy

Please sign up to get latest recipes in your Inbox!

Email Address

Subscribe

Copyright © 2021 **myspicetrunk.com**



##

##

Loading Comments...



Write a Comment...

Email (Required) Name (Required) Website

###

%d bloggers like this:

