https://www.cookwithmanali.com/vegetarian-thai-peanut-noodles/


Skip to content

Menu

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Contact
  * 

Signup for free Instant Pot e-book

Home » Recipes » Pizzas, Burgers & Pastas

# Vegetarian Thai Peanut Noodles

Posted on June 13, 2016January 2, 2018 by Manali

  * DF
  * EF

  *   *   * 

Spicy and sweet Vegetarian Thai Peanut Noodles are packed with delicious
flavors!

Jump to RecipePrint Recipe

Sweet and spicy Vegetarian Thai Peanut Noodles. Packed with delicious flavors,
these noodles take less than 30 minutes to whip up, perfect dinner for those
busy nights!

So my parents will be here soon and last weekend while talking to them, I told
them to not pack any winter stuff. It was around 95 F degrees that day and we
had to switch on the air conditioner. Fast forward one week and this weekend I
had to ask them to please pack at least a jacket and sweater. The weather is
so unpredictable and it drives me crazy! This whole week it has been in lows
60s and 50s, it's June for god sake! Anyway rant over, so other than the crazy
weather we have been super busy doing stuff around the house. Actually more
like deep cleaning the house and throwing out all the trash. You know the kind
of cleaning you do when your parents are going to visit you? Whole weekend we
were throwing away stuff! I can never understand how do we accumulate so much
stuff over time, an in our case we have been in this house only for a year!

Since we were busy and didn't have much time to cook an elaborate meal or go
out, I made this quick Vegetarian Thai Peanut Noodles. Such kind of noodles
are my favorite when I am running short on time. They come together super
quickly, taste good and you can literally add in whatever you want. Yeah
noodles very customizable that way! I love these thai peanut noodles mainly
because the sauce has peanut butter in it! It's so good you guys, I wanted to
eat it with a spoon! The sauce is little spicy and little sweet and I
personally love this flavor combination. You can add any veggies you like
here, I added what I had at home - pepper, carrot and some spring onions.

This dish comes together in less than 30 minutes. Boil the pasta and while
that is boiling, chop the veggies and prepare the sauce. Once the pasta is
done, simply saute and eat. Don't you love easy meals like this? Have a great
week ahead guys!



**Method**

Cook spaghetti according to instructions on package. Once cooked, drain and
add 1 tablespoon sesame oil to it so that it doesn't stick. Set aside. Combine
all ingredients under "sauce" in a pan. Put pan on heat and stir till nicely
combined. Set aside.

In a wok, add 2 tablespoons sesame oil on high heat. Once hot, add minced
garlic, ginger and white part of spring onion. Saute for a minute. Add red
bell pepper and carrots and cook for 1-2 minutes. Veggies should remain
crunchy.

Add the prepared peanut butter sauce and cook for 1 more minute.

Now add the cooked spaghetti and salt to taste. Mix well so that noodles are
well coated with the sauce. Cook for a minute.

Add spring onion greens and cilantro. Also add peanuts if using.

Squeeze in lime juice, sprinkle sesame seeds and serve the thai peanut noodles
immediately!

* Using peanuts is optional. It's a personal preference, so you may skip it if you don't like.

* Adjust spice level to taste. You may also add hot sauce like sriracha to make it spicier.

* To make this completely vegan, use maple syrup in place of honey.

* If you don't have sesame oil, you may use any oil of your choice.

* Recipe adapted from Cooking Classy.

## Vegetarian Thai Peanut Noodles

Manali

Spicy and sweet Vegetarian Thai Peanut Noodles are packed with delicious
flavors!

5 from 5 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 15 mins

Cook Time 10 mins

Total Time 25 mins

Course Main Course

Cuisine Thai

Servings 4

Calories 575 kcal

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 10 oz spaghetti
  * ▢ 3 tablespoons sesame oil divided
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon minced garlic
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon minced ginger
  * ▢ 3 stalks of spring onion chopped
  * ▢ 1 red bell pepper sliced
  * ▢ 1 large carrot cut lengthwise
  * ▢ salt to taste

#### Sauce

  * ▢ 1/4 cup peanut butter
  * ▢ 3 tablespoons soy sauce
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon honey
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon water
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon rice vinegar
  * ▢ 1/2 teaspoon red chili flakes
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon green chili sauce adjust to taste

#### Garnish

  * ▢ juice of 1 lime
  * ▢ 1/4 cup chopped cilantro
  * ▢ 1-2 teaspoons toasted sesame seeds
  * ▢ 1/4 cup roasted peanuts optional

### Instructions



  * Cook spaghetti according to instructions on package. Once cooked, drain and add 1 tablespoon sesame oil to it so that it doesn't stick. Set aside.

  * Combine all ingredients under "sauce" in a pan. Put pan on heat and stir till nicely combined. Set aside.

  * In a wok, add 2 tablespoons sesame oil on high heat. Once hot, add minced garlic, ginger and white part of spring onion. Saute for a minute.

  * Add red bell pepper and carrots and cook for 1-2 minutes. Veggies should remain crunchy.

  * Add the prepared peanut butter sauce and cook for 1 more minute.

  * Now add the cooked spaghetti and salt to taste. Mix well so that noodles are well coated with the sauce. Cook for a minute.

  * Add spring onion greens and cilantro. Also add peanuts if using. Squeeze in lime juice, sprinkle sesame seeds and serve.

### Nutrition

Calories: 575kcalCarbohydrates: 72gProtein: 18gFat: 24gSaturated Fat:
4gSodium: 941mgPotassium: 512mgFiber: 5gSugar: 14gVitamin A: 3735IUVitamin C:
42.1mgCalcium: 54mgIron: 2.1mg

Tried this recipe?Mention @cookwithmanali or tag #cookwithmanali!

**Thai Peanut Noodles**

##  24 thoughts on "Vegetarian Thai Peanut Noodles"

## Comment navigation

Older Comments

  1. **Nancy** says:

March 8, 2020 at 2:00 pm

Can you clarify what green chili sauce would be? I have green curry paste…
when I google green chili sauce I find green chili enchilada sauce. Could I
just purée a small can of green chili’s? Thanks!

Reply

    1. **Manali** says:

March 9, 2020 at 12:26 am

It refers to a sauce like this https://www.amazon.com/Chings-Green-Chilli-
Sauce-6-7/dp/B002R89N6A/ref=sr_1_9?keywords=green+chili+sauce&qid=1583731407&sr=8-9  
You can puree a small can of green chili, not sure how spicy it will be

Reply

  2. **Padma Veeranki** says:

June 22, 2016 at 2:25 pm

Love this delicious bowl of noodles…especially the peanut sauce..Above all I
love Thai food!!

Reply

  3. **Joscelyn | Wife Mama Foodie** says:

June 15, 2016 at 3:35 pm

Thai style noodles?! Yes, please! Asian inspired dishes are a favorite in our
home so I already know my family will love this recipe! What wacky weather
you're having too! Hopefully summer will come and decide to stay!

Reply

  4. **marcie** says:

June 13, 2016 at 4:53 pm

I have a version of this that I'll be coming out with soon -- I just love Thai
flavors! These noodles look amazing, Manali, and I hope that weather gets more
consistent for you. Ours is all over the place at the moment too!

Reply

  5. **Cheyanne @ No Spoon Necessary** says:

June 13, 2016 at 2:10 pm

High five to Thai and vegetarian twinning today!! Looove these Peanut Noodles,
Manali! So much flavor and pretty to boot! I could slurp up a few bowls of
these right now! Hope you have so much fun with your parents… crazy weather
and all! Cheers!

Reply

## Comment navigation

Older Comments

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name *

Email *

Website

Δ

### Hi, I'm Manali!

Bringing you easy, delicious vegetarian & vegan recipes! Eating veggies can be
fun, you just need to get creative in the kitchen with the right set of
ingredients!

Meet Manali

  *   *   *   * 

### Signup & Free E-book

Signup and get a free copy of my e-book on 15 Easy Instant Pot Dinner Recipes

### Order My Cookbook

Whether it’s your favorite Indian takeout or the regular lentils and beans,
these 75 new recipes will show you how easy it is to cook your favorite Indian
meal in the Instant Pot.

My Cookbook

## Popular Recipes

## Kadai Paneer

## Punjabi Chole

## Aloo Gobi

## Instant Pot Brown Rice

• Contact • Press • Privacy • Advertise

© 2022 Cook With Manali

