https://vegpower.org.uk/recipes/angelas-quick-veggie-pad-thai-style-noodles/


  * About
    * About Us
    * Campaigns
    * Schools
    * Gallery
    * Meet the Team
    * Awards
  * Resources
    * Downloads
    * Cymraeg
    * Recipes
    * Seasonal Veg
    * Tips & Blogs
    * Reports
  * Support
    * Our Supporters
    * Support Veg Power
  * Contact

  * About
    * About Us
    * Campaigns
    * Schools
    * Gallery
    * Meet the Team
    * Awards
  * Resources
    * Downloads
    * Cymraeg
    * Recipes
    * Seasonal Veg
    * Tips & Blogs
    * Reports
  * Support
    * Our Supporters
    * Support Veg Power
  * Contact

# Angela's Quick Veggie Pad Thai Style Noodles

Serves: 4

Prep time: 5 mins (+ 1 hour soaking time)

Cook time: 5 mins

#### Angela Malik

Angela is an expert in Asian food, and teacher at the prestigious Leith's
School. She has developed her own range of ingredients and launched a multi-
site Asian deli and cook school.

### Ingredients

  * Half packet of 5mm rice noodles (these need to be pre-soaked in water for 1 hour) 
  * Your choice of veggies cut into long thin strips we suggest: 2 carrots, 1/2 white cabbage, 2-3 spring onions, 2 courgettes 
  * 2 teaspoons light soy sauce 
  * 1 tablespoon oyster sauce or black bean stir fry sauce 
  * 1/2 lime 
  * 1 tablespoon salted peanuts 
  * 2 tablespoons chopped fresh coriander 
  * 2 tablespoons oil, for frying 
  * optional - hot sauce, to serve 

Make dinner quick, easy, fresh and veg-packed tonight with this simpler twist
on pad thai noodles. Give your wallet a rest from the takeaway and feel
healthier for it.

### Method

Soak the rice noodles in cold tap water for a least an hour. Once they are
soft and pliable, they are ready to stir fry. Do not rush this step - the
longer the noodles soak, the better.

Heat the wok until smoking hot. Add the oil and shredded vegetables, along
with 1 teaspoon of the light soy sauce. Allow to cook for 1-2 minutes, tossing
and stirring continuously.

Add the pre-soaked noodles and second teaspoon of light soy sauce, along with
the oyster sauce or black bean sauce.

Stir fry thoroughly until cooked. Add a splash of water to keep the noodles
soft. Keep stirring and checking regularly to ensure nothing burns or sticks.

Finish with the juice of the lime, and sprinkle with the peanuts and
coriander. Take off the heat and add the hot sauce, if using. Serve
immediately.

### About the chef

#### Angela Malik

Angela is an expert in Asian food, and teacher at the prestigious Leith's
School. She has developed her own range of ingredients and launched a multi-
site Asian deli and cook school.

Get the kids to soak the noodles and drain them. Have older kids chop the veg,
and younger ones stir in sauces. Get them to sprinkle the peanuts and
coriander over the top.

### related recipes

#### Charlotte's Chicken & Vegetable Traybake

Charlotte Radcliffe's chicken & vegetable traybake is perfect for serving in
the middle of the table for everyone to help themselves.

**Charlotte Radcliffe**

#### Jenny's Dal Saag (Split Pea & Spinach Dal)

This recipe was developed by Jenny Chandler for the British Dal Festival, back
for a third year from 21 to 31 March 2020. It can be served as part of an
Indian...

**Jenny Chandler**

#### Lucy's Savoy Cabbage with Bacon & Onions

This winter warmer side dish is veg-packed comfort-food at its simplest. Ready
in minutes and made with just a few ingredients, it's a perfect way to
introduce...

**Lucy Hosken**

#### Elaine's Mean Green Souper Machine

Our Mean Green Souper Machine was born from a bountiful excess of springtime
vegetables. We wanted to make a green, flavour-packed, seasonal soup to wake
people up...

**Elaine Mason**

  * About
    * About Us
    * Campaigns
    * Schools
    * Gallery
    * Meet the Team
    * Awards
  * Resources
    * Downloads
    * Cymraeg
    * Recipes
    * Seasonal Veg
    * Tips & Blogs
    * Reports
  * Support
    * Our Supporters
    * Support Veg Power
  * Contact

Cookie Policy |  Privacy Policy | (C) 2022 - VegPower

