https://amindfullmom.com/thai-noodles/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Recipe Index
    * Breakfast Recipes
    * Main Courses
      * 30-Minute Meals
      * Easy Pork Recipes
      * Beef Recipes
      * Soup, Stew, and Chili Recipes
      * Sandwiches, Burgers, and Wraps
      * Vegetarian Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Instant Pot
    * Appetizers
    * Beverage Recipes
    * Breads and Muffins
    * Allergy Friendly Recipes
      * Dairy Free
      * Gluten Free
      * Paleo
      * Vegan
      * Low Carb
    * Pasta
    * Snacks
    * Side Dishes
    * Desserts
  * Instant Pot
    * Start Here: Instant Pot 101
    * All Instant Pot Recipes
    * Healthy Instant Pot Recipes
    * Sign Up for Instant Pot Tips and Recipes
  * About Me
    * Contact
    * Work With Me
    * Cystic Fibrosis
  * Free Instant Pot Secrets
  * Free Meal Plans
  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Instant Pot
  * About Me
  * Free Instant Pot Secrets
  * Free Meal Plans
  * Subscribe to Newsletters
  * Recipes

*   * Email
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

×

Home » Real Food » Pasta » Easy Thai Noodles

# Easy Thai Noodles

By Kristen Chidsey | 21 Comments | Published July 14, 2022 |  Updated May 6,
2021 *This post may include amazon links. As an Amazon Associate, I earn from
qualifying purchases.

__Pin

 __Share

 __

 __

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

**_Ready in just 15 minutes, Thai noodles are made with everyday ingredients
and are insanely flavorful! This recipe for Thai-Inspired Noodles is
vegetarian, vegan-friendly, and can easily be made gluten-free--but most
importantly EVERYONE loves this recipe._**

First, let me start by saying I know this recipe for Thai Noodles is NOT
authentic, nor is it a recipe for Pad Thai Noodles, which is made with stir-
fried rice noodles and tamarind, fish sauce, shrimp, and tofu. These Thai-
Inspired Noodles are a healthy, vegetarian dish that is light and fresh and
made with easy-to-find ingredients.

I developed this simple recipe after enjoying Thai Noodles out with friends at
a local Thai restaurant. While we loved the flavors of the rice noodles and
rich peanut sauce but we agreed the dish was a bit greasy, a bit too salty,
and would be much more delicious with the addition of fresh vegetables, for
crunch and for flavor.

So that is exactly what I have created. Noodles with a spicy peanut sauce and
tons of fresh vegetables that have the same flavor profile as Thai Noodles,
but are lower in fat, sodium, and most importantly, absolutely delicious.

## Notes on Ingredients

This recipe for Thai Noodles is made up of four key components: noodles,
peanut sauce, vegetables, and a crunchy, fresh topping made of peanuts, sesame
seeds, and cilantro. Do not be intimidated by the long list of ingredients
needed to make the homemade peanut sauce. Most of these are items you most
likely have in your pantry and easily be found in any major grocery store.

  * **Rice Noodles:  **I recommend using Pad Thai rice noodles to make this noodle dish. The noodles are thicker and will hold the sauce better than thin rice noodles. If you can't find rice noodles, use linguine or spaghetti noodles in their place--this also cuts down on the cost of ingredients.
  *  **Spicy Peanut Sauce:  **The star of this noodle dish is the slightly sweet, slightly spicy savory peanut sauce. To prepare the homemade peanut sauce, you will need the following ingredients. 
    *  **Oil** : Just a small amount of neutral oil, such as canola or vegetable, to help keep the noodles from sticking together. 
    *  **Peanut Butter:  **An all-natural peanut butter without added oils or sugars is best for texture and taste, but shelf-stable peanut butter can be subbed if that is all you have on hand. 
    *  **Sesame Oil:  **Use  **toasted**  sesame oil, not regular sesame oil. Toasted sesame oil is designed to be used to flavor dishes, while regular sesame oil is for cooking.  _Tip: Be sure to store opened sesame oil in the fridge after use as it will go rancid quickly at room temperature._
    *  **Soy Sauce:  **Be sure to select low-sodium soy sauce, to ** ** keep the sodium in check.
    *  **For Heat:  **I add both crushed red pepper flakes and Sriracha sauce. Adjust to control the level of spiciness you prefer.  
    *  **Rice Wine Vinegar:  **This is the best vinegar to use for its mild, sweet flavor that balances out the peanut sauce. Mirin can be used in its place if desired.
    *  **Honey:  **You need a bit of sweetness to round out the peanut sauce, and honey is my preferred choice. Maple syrup may be substituted. 
    *  **Lime Juice:  **Fresh lime juice is a must for acid and flavor, which will balance out the dish. 
  *  **Vegetables** : You can opt to use whatever vegetables you like for this dish. I personally prefer a combination of green onions, broccoli, sugar snap peas, cabbage, bell peppers, and carrots. Other delicious options would be bean sprouts, mushrooms, or broccoli slaw.
  *  **Cilantro:  **Feel free to omit it if you do not care for cilantro.
  *  **Peanuts:  **Chopped, dry-roasted peanuts add crunch and texture to this noodle dish.
  *  **Sesame Seeds:**  Sesame seeds are optional, but add crunch and flavor.

## How to Make Thai Noodles

  * Prepare the packaged noodles according to the package directions, as each brand of noodles will vary. Some brands of rice noodles will direct you to soak the noodles in boiling water, others will say to simmer in boiling water. If using linguine or spaghetti noodles, the directions will be drastically different than if preparing Thai Noodles with rice noodles.

  * While the noodles are cooking prepare the peanut sauce by mixing together the sesame oil, peanut butter, soy sauce, red pepper flakes, vinegar, sriracha, honey, lime juice, minced garlic, and a bit of the oil until well combined. Set aside. 

  * Toast peanuts and sesame seeds in a dry skillet over medium-high heat for 2-3 minutes, or until slightly toasted. This is CRUCIAL for developing the most flavor out of the nuts and sesame seeds and makes a world of difference. Remove the nuts and seeds from the skillet and set them aside to cool.  _ _

  * Once the noodles are cooked, drain and rinse the noodles. I normally do not recommend rinsing pasta but rice noodles release a lot of starch and if that starch is not removed, the noodles will stick together completely.  _If using spaghetti or linguine noodles, simply drain the pasta, there is no need to rinse these types of noodles.  _
  * Place the noodles into a large mixing bowl and toss them with a bit of canola oil, which will prevent the noodles from sticking together. DO NOT SKIP THIS STEP! Rice noodles are very sticky and if you don't add some oil, they WILL clump together. 

  * Pour the peanut sauce over the noodles and toss to evenly coat the noodles with the sauce.
  * Add in any vegetables you are using, along with the minced cilantro, and toss again to combine. 

  * Sprinkle with chopped peanuts and sesame seeds and serve.

## Storage Instructions

Thai Noodles are best if served immediately after preparation, as the rice
noodles quickly soak up the peanut sauce as they sit. However, you can prepare
this dish up to 24 hours before serving. I recommend preparing the recipe as
directed, up to adding the nuts and sesame seeds. Cover and refrigerate for up
to 24 hours. Before serving, add a splash of water or vegetable broth to
loosen up the noodles, and then top the nuts and sesame seed right before
serving.

## Recipe Modifications

  * **Vegan Thai Noodles:**  Use maple syrup in place of honey and this dish becomes vegan-friendly.
  *  **Gluten-Free Thai Noodles:**  Use certified gluten-free rice noodles and Tamari or gluten-free soy sauce.
  *  **Control the Heat** : If you are serving Thai Noodles to sensitive palates or small kids, serve the Sriracha sauce on the side instead of mixing it into the peanut sauce. Let those who like spice add it to the noodles themselves upon serving. 
  *  **Veggie Choices:**  While I love the contrast of fresh vegetables in this noodle dish, feel free to use Feel free to use quickly blanch or steam the vegetables for a softer texture.
  *  **Add Protein:**  Make these Thai Noodles a hearty main course by adding steamed edamame, sauteed shrimp, scrambled eggs, cubed tofu, or leftover diced chicken.

## More Easy Asian-Inspired Recipes

  * Easy Fried Rice
  * Stir-Fried Chicken and Bok Choy
  * Simple Chicken Asparagus Stir Fry
  * Instant Pot Mongolian Beef
  * Spring Rolls
  * Chicken Katsu

**Need more inspiration for planning meals that your family will love? Sign up
for myFREE Meal Plans and each week you will get a meal plan with a shopping
list. **

_**If you enjoyed this simple recipe for Peanut Thai Noodles, please be sure
to leave a comment and review below.  **_

## Easy Thai Noodles

Made with a simple homemade Peanut Sauce, tons of fresh veggies, and rice
noodles, these Thai-Inspired Noodles are perfect for a weeknight dinner or
lunch.

5 from 7 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Thai

Prep Time: 10 minutes

Cook Time: 5 minutes

Total Time: 15 minutes

Servings: 6

Calories: 330kcal

Author: Kristen Chidsey

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 8-9 ounce package of rice noodles
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon canola oil divided
  * ▢ 2 teaspoons sesame oil
  * ▢ ¼ cup low sodium soy sauce
  * ▢ ¼ tsp. crushed red pepper flakes optional
  * ▢ 1 tablespoons rice vinegar
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon hot sauce (like Sriracha) more or less to taste
  * ▢ ¼ cup smooth peanut butter
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons honey
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon lime juice from fresh limes
  * ▢ 2 cloves garlic minced
  * ▢ 1 green onion minced
  * ▢ 1 cup sugar snap peas
  * ▢ 1 red bell pepper thinly sliced
  * ▢ 1 carrot julienned
  * ▢ 1 cup red cabbage thinly sliced
  * ▢ ¼ -⅓ cup cilantro chopped
  * ▢ ¼ cup dry roasted peanuts
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons sesame seeds toasted

Cook ModePrevents your screen from going dark while preparing the recipe.

### Instructions

  * Prepare rice noodles (or pasta noodles) according to package directions. It is very important to follow the package directions as some brands work best soaking noodles in boiling water for a couple minutes and others need to be simmered in boiling water. 

  * While pasta is cooking, mix together ½ tablespoon canola oil, sesame oil, soy sauce, rice vinegar, hot sauce, lime juice peanut butter, honey, minced garlic, and red pepper flakes. Whisk vigorously until smooth.

  * Toast peanuts and sesame seeds in a dry skillet over medium-high heat for 2-3 minutes, or until slightly toasted. This is CRUCIAL for developing the most flavor out of the nuts and sesame seeds and makes a world of difference. _If your peanuts/sesame seeds say dry-roasted or toasted, skip this step!_

  * Drain the noodles and rinse well. Place noodles in large mixing bowl and immediately toss the noodles with the remaining ½ tablespoon canola oil to coat. _This keeps the noodles from sticking together!_

  * Add the peanut sauce, peppers, green onions, carrots, broccoli, sugar snap peas, cabbage, cilantro to the noodles, and toss well. Top with the chopped nuts and sesame seeds. 

  * Serve immediately for best results. 

### Notes

 **Noodles:** Feel free to use linguine in place of rice noodles.

**Vegetables** : Feel free to use whatever vegetables you like. I love the
crispness of the raw veggies, but feel free to quickly blanch or steam the
vegetables if desired.

**Vegan Modification:** Use maple syrup in place of honey.

**Gluten-Free Modification:** Use certified gluten-free rice noodles and
Tamari or gluten-free soy sauce.

**Leftovers:** Store leftovers in an airtight container in the fridge for up
to 3-4 days. Add a splash of water or stock to loosen up noodles if they stick
together.

### Nutrition

Calories: 330kcal | Carbohydrates: 49g | Protein: 8g | Fat: 12g | Saturated
Fat: 2g | Sodium: 538mg | Potassium: 311mg | Fiber: 4g | Sugar: 9g | Vitamin
A: 2656IU | Vitamin C: 50mg | Calcium: 61mg | Iron: 2mg

Liked this Recipe? Tag me Today!Snap a picture and tag #amindfullmom on
Instagram - I would love to see!

This recipe was originally published in 2019 and updated in 2022 with a video
and new process shots.

__Pin

 __Share

 __

 __

« Chocolate Zucchini Muffins

Asian Noodle Salad »

#### About Kristen Chidsey

Hi, I am Kristen, creator of A Mind "Full" Mom. I believe that making a
wholesome family meal does not need to be hard or expensive! I love nothing
more than to share with you delicious solutions for your hungry family.

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Tara G

July 26, 2022 at 7:49 am

  
These were truly amazing. Loaded with flavor and easy to make!

Reply

    * Kristen Chidsey

July 26, 2022 at 8:23 am

I am so happy to hear you enjoyed this recipe for Thai Noodles! Thanks for
sharing!

Reply

  2. Kara

July 23, 2022 at 11:05 pm

  
I used linguini noodles instead of the rice noodles, and it is so flavorful!
Next time I want to try it with some grilled chicken.

Reply

    * Kristen Chidsey

July 24, 2022 at 7:52 am

Thanks for sharing Kara! It will be delicious with chicken as well 🙂

Reply

  3. Allyssa

June 25, 2022 at 7:14 am

  
Really loved the seasonings and how flavorful it is!

Reply

  4. Walter Lee

May 02, 2021 at 5:19 pm

Hi, Couple of questions:  
1\. The 8-9 ounce package of rice noodles are the noodles that are
transparent? I think those are the ones I've seen commonly at Asian Markets
...... about the same width as linguini

2\. Pre-shredded carrots like Trader Joe's Shredded Carrots will work? I'm all
for finding shortcuts!

I've never made this Easy Thai Noodles dish. I hope it comes out.

Reply

    * Kristen Chidsey

May 03, 2021 at 6:41 am

Hi Walter! The shredded carrots will work perfectly. For the Asian noodles, I
use the ones that are the width of linguini, here is a link to the ones I use
so you can see them visually 🙂 If you have linguini on hand, you can prepare
them as the package indicated and use them in the rice noodles place if
desired.

Reply

    * Walter Lee

May 04, 2021 at 3:52 pm

Hi,  
Some questions: 1. Can this Thai Noodle dish be completely assembled a day
prior? I'm doing this for Mother's Day and trying to save time for other
things; but I'm worried the veggies will get all soggy in the peanut sauce. 2.
I have ordered a pad Thai noodle dish and it is served warm at restaurants;
This is a cold dish with raw veggies. This is how it is supposed to be served
and the best way to enjoy it?  
3\. I read the veggies can be blanched/steamed to serve it warm but can
cabbage, carrots, bell peppers and snap peas be blanched?

Reply

      * Kristen Chidsey

May 04, 2021 at 4:02 pm

Hi Walter! This is a PERFECT dish to prep the day before and serve cold. Pad
Thai is a bit different than Pad Thai, but you certainly can warm up if you
prefer to eat it warm. You can also easily blanch the cabbage, carrots, bell
peppers, and snap peas. I would do so by bringing a large pot of water to a
rapid boil and then drop in the carrots and snap peas and cook for 3-4
minutes. Remove to an ice bath. Drop in the peppers and cabbage and boil for 1
minute and then transfer to an ice bath. Drain the veggies and dry and add to
the noodles. The ice bath will help stop the cooking process and prevent the
vegetables from being mushy. Enjoy.

Reply

        * Walter Lee

May 05, 2021 at 1:51 pm

Thank you for promptly answering all my questions - Have a wonderful Mother's
Day!!

Reply

          * Kristen Chidsey

May 05, 2021 at 2:03 pm

Thank you so much Walter!

  5. Cindy

July 26, 2020 at 7:56 pm

Just curious. Has anyone tried this recipe with almond butter instead of
peanuts. Love peanuts, but I have a granddaughter allergic to peanuts and I
try not to have them around.

Reply

    * Kristen Chidsey

July 27, 2020 at 7:05 am

Hi Cindy! I have made this with almond butter myself a couple times and we
still enjoy it that way!

Reply

  6. Marilyn

May 08, 2020 at 10:20 am

Hi can we leave out the siratcha ?  
I get terrible heartburn from it

Reply

    * Kristen Chidsey

May 08, 2020 at 10:47 am

YES!!! I completely understand. It will still be delicious!

Reply

  7. Ashley

October 10, 2019 at 9:37 am

  
We love these tasty noodles! My kids love them too. Sometime I switch out the
rice noodles with zucchini noodles. So good!

Reply

    * Kristen Chidsey

October 10, 2019 at 12:15 pm

What a good idea to use zucchini noodles <3

Reply

  8. Jenn

October 10, 2019 at 9:03 am

  
I am ALL ABOUT THESE NOODLES! So many delicious ingredients all in one tasty
Thai bowl - loving it!

Reply

    * Kristen Chidsey

October 10, 2019 at 9:30 am

YAY!!! I am so glad you enjoyed this recipe Jenn. Thank you for taking the
time to leave a review.

Reply

  9. Karly

August 21, 2019 at 11:50 am

I love quick and easy meals. Thanks for sharing!

Reply

    * Kristen Chidsey

August 21, 2019 at 4:24 pm

I hope you enjoy Karly!

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### Meet A Mind "Full" Mom

Hi! I'm Kristen. I want to welcome you into my kitchen and my REAL, imperfect
life. Let me share with you tips and tricks to help you make healthy eating a
reality for your family in the chaos of life and on the constraints of a
budget. Read more

SECRETS

TO CUT FOOD COST

**5**

Get The Tips!

### Instant Pot Favorites

## Instant Pot Yogurt

## Instant Pot Hard Boiled Eggs

## Instant Pot Pot Roast

## Instant Pot Rotisserie Chicken

## Instant Pot Cold Start Yogurt

## Instant Pot Beans

## Instant Pot Chicken Breast (Fresh or Frozen)

## How to Use Your Instant Pot as a Slow Cooker

### Reader Favorites

## The Best Baked Meatballs

## Hashbrown Breakfast Casserole

## Creamy and Cheesy Chicken and Rice

## Instant Pot Baked Potatoes

## DIY Chili Seasoning

## Stir-Fried Chicken and Bok Choy

## Instant Pot Chicken Wings

## Slow Cooker Maple Brown Sugar Oatmeal

## The Best Taco Meat Recipe

## Homemade Chicken Tenders

## FEATURED ON

## Footer

Featured on:

↑ back to top

### About

  * Privacy Policy

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates

### Contact

  * Contact
  * Work with me

DISCLAIMER: THE SITE DOES NOT PROVIDE MEDICAL ADVICE AND IS FOR INFORMATION
PURPOSES ONLY. IT IS NOT INTENDED TO BE A SUBSTITUTE FOR PROFESSIONAL MEDICAL
ADVICE OR TREATMENT. AFFILIATE LINKS TO PRODUCTS I GENUINELY LOVE ARE OFTEN
INCORPORATED IN MY POSTS. THANK YOU FOR YOUR SUPPORT.

Copyright © 2020 · A MIND "FULL" MOM

**5 EASY  ** **Ways to  ** **Cut Food Cost**

***Practical & Proven Tips**

***Easy to Implement**

Get the Secrets

 __

 __

 __

