https://ministryofcurry.com/vegetarian-pad-thai/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * SHOP
    * Amazon Store
    * Cookbook
    * eBooks
    * Cooking Classes
    * Meal Plans
  * RESOURCES
    * Instant Pot 101
    * Air Fryer 101
    * Indian Cooking Tools
    * Cooking 101
    * Essential Indian Spices
    * Guide to Beans and Lentils
    * Holiday Shopping Guide
  * RECIPES
    * Recipe Index
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Oven Recipes
    * Stove Top Recipes
    * Appetizers
    * Breakfast
    * Lunch
    * Desserts
    * Dinner
    * Salad
    * Snacks
    * Drinks
    * Dairy Free
    * Gluten Free
    * Low Carb
    * Vegan
  * ABOUT
  * ## Nav Social Menu

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * YouTube

  * search...

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

search...

  * Recipes
  * Shop
  * Resources
  * Cooking Classes
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

×

Home » Thai

# Vegetarian Pad Thai

Published: Apr 18, 2021 · Modified: May 10, 2022 by Archana · This post may
contain affiliate links · As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying
purchases · Leave a Comment

351 shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe

I love giving a healthy makeover to our favorite take-out dishes! This
Vegetarian Pad Thai is vibrant, healthy, satisfying, completely plant-based,
and SO good! All the beautiful tangy, savory, and sweet flavors without fish
sauce or dried shrimp. Skip the egg and it’s also a perfect vegan meal.

Jump to:

  * Intro 
  * Instructions 
  * Variations
  * Baked Tofu
  * FAQs 
  * Related Vegetarian Recipes 
  * Recipe

## Intro

**Pad Thai** has an unmistakable taste. It's such a popular recipe because
it's common street food in Thailand and one of the most-ordered foods at Thai
restaurants. No wonder it is the national dish of Thailand.

Typical pad thai is fried with eggs and fish sauce. I often make this vibrant
recipe without the fish sauce and it tastes so good. Although I have added
eggs to this recipe, they are completely optional. It still has bold umami
flavors but without any animal-based foods.

### Vegetarian Pad Thai Noodles

The noodles in this dish are Thai rice noodles. The only ingredients in them
are rice, water, and tapioca starch.

Before you buy any rice noodles for pad Thai, always look at the ingredients.
You want to buy authentic rice noodles that have those 2 to 3 ingredients. My
favorite brand is _A Taste of Thai Brand_ Rice Linguini noodles.

### The Best Vegetarian Pad Thai Sauce

My favorite brand of **vegetarian pad Thai sauce is** Maesri Pad Thai Sauce.
It is made with tomato paste, vinegar, tamarind juice, a combination of spices
and does not have any fish sauce or dried shrimp.

It is by far the best pad Thai sauce I have ever used. The second-best store-
bought sauce would be Thai Kitchen Pad Thai Sauce. I find it a bit too sweet
but you can always add 1 to 2 tablespoons of chili garlic paste to balance the
sweetness.

### Homemade Pad Thai Sauce

If you can't find these brands at your grocery store, check the local Asian
market. or you can always make your own.

**Here is my homemade vegan pad Thai sauce recipe. It's so easy!**

Mix together the ingredients below in a small saucepan. Cook on low medium
heat until the sauce comes to a full boil and starts to thicken. Makes about ¾
cup

  * 2 tablespoons soy sauce
  * ¼ cup light brown sugar, packed
  * ¼ cup water
  * 2 tablespoons tamarind paste
  * 2 tablespoons chili garlic sauce

## Instructions

**Here are my step-by-step instructions with photos to show you each step. All
of the steps and the ingredients are in the printable recipe card just a
little further down in this post.**

**Step 1: Prep all the ingredients.** Start with soaking the rice noodles. I
like to soak them in hot water for 10 minutes but you can also follow the
instructions on the package. Also, cook the tofu and reserve. Cut the
vegetables.

**Step 2: Saute veggies and fry the eggs.**

**Step 3: Stir in noodles, sauce, tofu.** Add bean sprouts and garnish with
green scallions, peanuts, and cilantro.

## Variations

This recipe is all plant-based. There are lots of different ways to eat
vegetarian, depending on your values. If you just want to eat meatless, but
don't mind eating organic eggs, add some eggs to the stir fry (like I did).

If you want it to be completely vegan, then leave out the eggs.

One of the easiest ways to vary this recipe is to add your favorite
vegetables. Finely chop up some zucchini and add it to the pad Thai.

Make it spicier by adding more chili paste and some red pepper flakes. If you
want it to taste extra-mild, decrease the chili paste just a bit.

## Baked Tofu

This recipe calls for baked tofu. Baking tofu is actually pretty simple. This
tofu recipe takes you step-by-step through the entire process. Make extra
because you can use tofu in lots of other dishes in place of meat.

## FAQs

**Is pad Thai vegetarian?**

If you order pad Thai at a restaurant, chances are it won't be vegetarian.
Lots of people serve it with chicken and fry it in fish sauce. My recipe is
vegetarian, but not vegan because I used eggs in the stir fry.

**Does vegetarian Pad Thai have fish sauce?**

My recipe does not use fish sauce.

**Is vegetarian pad Thai healthy?**

Yes, this recipe is very healthy. It has lots of vegetables in it that are
packed with nutrients and fiber. Plus, tofu is a healthy source of protein as
well.

## Related Vegetarian Recipes

Love vegetarian meals? Here are some more recipes for you:

  * Thai Panang Curry
  * Vegetable Thai Green Curry
  * Green Bean Curry
  * Thai Basil Fried Rice
  * Massaman Curry

## Recipe

Tried this recipe? We love your feedback.Please click on the stars in the
recipe card below

Print Recipe Pin Recipe Save Saved!

4.43 from 7 votes

## Vegetarian Pad Thai

Fry up this vegetarian pad thai in a wok and dinner is ready in less than half
an hour. Add tofu for a hearty vegetarian family dinner.

Prep Time15 mins

Cook Time15 mins

Total Time30 mins

Course: dinner, Lunch

Cuisine: Thai

Servings: 4

Calories: 589kcal

Author: Archana Mundhe

### Equipment

  * Wok

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 14 oz Extra Firm Tofu baked
  * ▢ 8 oz rice noodles A Taste of Thai linguini rice noodles
  * ▢ 5 cups water
  * ▢ 3 tablespoons oil
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon garlic minced
  * ▢ 1 bunch scallions
  * ▢ 1 small red pepper
  * ▢ 1 small yellow pepper
  * ▢ 2 eggs whisked
  * ▢ 6 oz Pad Thai Sauce **
  * ▢ 3 cups bean sprouts
  * ▢ ½ cup peanuts roasted and coarsely chopped
  * ▢ ½ cup cilantro finely chopped
  * ▢ ½ lime cut into 4 wedges

### Instructions

  * Bake, air fry, or pan fry tofu.

  * Bring 5 cups of water to a full boil. Place the rice noodles in a bowl and pour hot water over them. Mix with a fork so the noodles separate and not stick to each other. Soak for 10 minutes. Drain the noodles and reserve. Note: Follow instructions on the package if you are using a different variety of rice noodles.

  * While the noodles are soaking, prep the vegetables. Cut the white portion of the scallions and chop into thin strips. Dice the green part of the scallions and reserve. Thinly slice the peppers, ½ cup each of red and yellow.

  * Heat half of the oil in a large wok over high heat. Add garlic, white scallions, and peppers. Cook for 2 minutes as the garlic gets aromatic. Move the veggies to one side of the wok and add the remaining oil in the middle of the wok. Add eggs and scramble them as they start to cook.

  * Next add the cooked noodles, baked tofu, and the Pad Thai Sauce. Mix well with a pair of tongs, tossing the noodles well in the sauce and all the other ingredients. Cook for 2 to 3 minutes or until the noodles are heated through.

  * Add bean sprouts. Add half of the chopped green scallions, half of the peanuts, and half of the cilantro. Mix everything together. Serve hot topped with the remaining scallions, peanuts, cilantro, and with lime wedges.

### Video

### Notes

  * Our favorite Pad Thai sauce is from the Maesri brand. It's available in Asian grocery stores and on Amazon. It comes in a 9 oz jar and you can add more to taste. 
  * The second choice for store-bought sauce would be Thai Kitchen Pad Thai Sauce. It's a bit on the sweeter side but you can add 1 tablespoon chili garlic paste to balance the sweetness. 

**Homemade Pad Thai Sauce:**

Mix together the ingredients below in a small saucepan. Cook on low medium
heat until the sauce comes to a full boil and starts to thicken. Makes about ¾
cup

  * 2 tablespoons soy sauce
  * ¼ cup light brown sugar, packed
  * ¼ cup water
  * 2 tablespoons tamarind paste
  * 2 tablespoons chili garlic sauce

### Nutrition

Calories: 589kcal | Carbohydrates: 67g | Protein: 22g | Fat: 24g | Saturated
Fat: 3g | Trans Fat: 1g | Cholesterol: 82mg | Sodium: 371mg | Potassium: 598mg
| Fiber: 5g | Sugar: 14g | Vitamin A: 1295IU | Vitamin C: 107mg | Calcium:
97mg | Iron: 4mg

Tried this recipe?Share your photo and tag @ministry_of_curry or tag
#ministryofcurry

#### Author: Archana

Hey there! I am a techie turned recipe developer, cooking instructor, and food
blogger. I love food and enjoy developing easy and healthy recipes for busy
lifestyles. I live in New Jersey with my husband and two sons.

__Twitter __Facebook __Linkedin

« 20+ Instant Pot Lentil and Bean Recipes

TikTok Ramen Noodles - Buttery, Spicy, Delish! »

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

Hi, I'm Archana: a former software engineer, now a full-time blogger. I am a
mother of two boys who share my love for food and cooking. Words I love to
hear are, “Mom, what’s for dinner?” The same words I say to my mom every time
we speak. I live in the greater New York City Area with my husband and sons.

**Learn More About Me!**

**SHOP**

### Popular Posts

  * Mumbai Pav Bhaji

  * Instant Pot Chicken Biryani

  * Mushroom Masala

  * Homemade Pomegranate Juice

## Footer

## AS FEATURED IN

## **↑Back to Top**

## **Ministry of Curry**

Shop  
About  
Privacy Policy  
Accessibility  
Contact

## **Food and Recipes**

Recipe Index  
Cooking 101  
Instant Pot 101  
Cookbook

## **MOC Pro**

Dashboard  
Meal Plans  
Virtual Cooking Classes  
Tips & Tricks

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2021 **Ministry of Curry**

351 shares

  * 272
  * 79
  *   *   * 

