https://cookwithrenu.com/easy-vegan-pad-thai/


Skip to Content

Search Magnifying Glass

Search for: Close Search Ã—

  * Home
  * All Recipes
  * Recipes by Category
  * Meal Plans
  * Privacy Policy
  * Disclaimer
  * About Me

# Easy Vegan Pad Thai

Posted on Published: May 16, 2021 \- Last updated: November 29, 2021

4 Comments

Home Â» By Cuisine Â» Asian Â» Easy Vegan Pad Thai

This post may contain affiliate linksÂ· Please read our Privacy Policy for
details.

Sharing is caring!

  * Facebook222
  * Twitter
  * Pinterest30
  * Save
  * Email

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

Easy Vegan Pad Thai is my take on the popular stir-fried noodles from
Thailand. It is made using simple vegetables, sauces and gluten-free Rice
Noodles.

    
    
    _This post may contain affiliate links * Please read our Privacy Policy for details. You can jump to the recipe, but you will miss the tips and tricks mentioned in the post_  

These stir fry noodles are very easy to cook. It is made with rice noodles,
vegetables and sauces. These noodles have a medley of flavours packed in them.
They are spicy, sweet and has a hint of sourness at the same time. Made using
rice flour and packed with vegetables they are a complete balanced meal.

I am in no way saying this is an authentic recipe. After eating at a few
joints and checking a few recipes online, I have come up with a version that
my family loves.

The ones served outside generally has fish sauce in them. I have replaced that
with soy sauce. So it might lack the taste of the sauce, but for us, this is
the perfect recipe. My son absolutely loves this and when my non-vegetarian
family eats non-veg we both at times eat this vegetarian meal. ðŸ™‚

## **Ingredients used   in Vegan Pad Thai**

**_Rice Noodles_** are naturally gluten-free. But be sure to read the labels,
as at times they might be handled in a gluten-free area.

## **How to cook Rice Noodles?**

Rice noodles are easy to cook. They are not cooked the way you cook your
normal wheat or flour noodles. The noodles need to be immersed in hot boiling
water for 8-10 minutes. We stir the noodles in between to help them evenly
cook. Once done they are removed to avoid overcooking and getting soggy or
mushy. You would have it in the instructions on how to cook them, simply
follow it.

**_Vegetables_** - In today's recipe I have used carrot, capsicum, Shikate
Mushroom apart from onion and garlic. I also like to add Zucchini, Broccoli to
this. As I had fresh raw mango, I have used a bit to add the sourness as well
as some for garnish.

**_Tofu_** - The Vegan protein tofu also goes in this. I have not added it
today. But you can simply stir-fry the tofu for the extra crunch or just add
it as is along with the vegetables.

Did you try this **Pan-Fried Crispy Tofu Bowl**? or if you want to try this
**Vegan Kale, Tofu and corn curry**. It goes best with some rice or roti on
the side.

**_Tamarind Juice   & Lemon Juice_** - Tamarind Juice/Extract is commonly used
in Thai cooking. You should be able to source this from Asian Stores. I
generally have raw tamarind in my pantry so all I did was soak it in hot water
to get the extract.

**_Peanuts_** - Peanuts add ad wonderful crunch to the dish and go in many
Thai recipes.

**_Soya Sauce_** - As said earlier, generally fish sauce is used in Thai
cooking. I have replaced it with Light Soya sauce.

**_Chilli_** - **Red chilly sauce / Sriracha Sauce** is used to spice up the
dish along with Thai red chilli.

**_Sugar_** is added to balance the sour and the spicy taste. It adds a
wonderful taste to the overall dish.

## **Can we make this ahead of time?**

These noodles are best served hot. As the noodles tend to absorb the liquid
they get soggy or at times dry if less liquid. But it is not always possible
to have it hot or when cooked. You might even end up having some leftovers. So
in those cases, you can simply reheat in the microwave. I have done this
couple of times and it does taste good, except it becomes a bit dry. If you
sprinkle some water while microwaving or reheating, it should not be dry too.

I am sharing this dish with our Sunday Funday group, where the theme of this
Sunday is to share recipes that have Umami ingredients. _Umami_ , a quality of
meaty savoriness that brings depth to many dishes, is widely considered the
fifth taste. These 12 umami-enhancing ingredients boost the flavour of
whatever we're cooking. More about umami ingredients can be found here.

## Ideas for Lunch Box? Download our Free Lunch Box Plan

## Download the Free Lunch Box Plan

Download

We respect your privacy. Unsubscribe at anytime.

## Easy Vegan Pad Thai

Easy Vegan Pad Thai is a simple stir-fried noodle made using vegetables,
sauces and gluten-free Rice Noodles.

5 from 1 vote

Print Pin Rate Save Saved!

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Thai

Keyword: Kids Food, Noodles, Vegetables

Prep Time: 10 minutes

Cook Time: 10 minutes

Servings: 4 people

Author: Renu Agrawal-Dongre

### Equipment

  * Wok

  * Mandoline Slicer

### Ingredients

  * 250 grams of Rice Noodles
  * 1 small onion - cut lengthwise (Julienne)
  * 1 small carrot - Â½ Cup - cut lengthwise (Julienne)
  * 1 small capsicum - Â½ Cup - cut lengthwise (Julienne)
  * Â½ Cup Shikate Mushroom or mushroom of your choice
  * Â¼ Cup Raw Mango - cut lengthwise (Julienne) - Optional
  * Â¼ Cup Roasted and crushed peanuts
  * 1-2 Thai Red chilli or chilli of your choice
  * 2 tablespoon Sesame Oil
  * 1- inch Â½ tablespoon ginger grated or finely chopped
  * 2-3 cloves 1 tablespoon of garlic grated or finely chopped

#### Sauce

  * 4 Tablespoon Diluted Tamarind Juice or 1 tablespoon tamarind extract
  * 2 tablespoon Soya Sauce - Gluten-Free can replace with Tamari Sauce
  * 1 tablespoon Red Chilly Sauce
  * 1 tablespoon Honey
  * 1 tablespoon Sriracha Sauce - - Can be replaced with Red chilly sauce
  * 1 tablespoon Lemon Juice

### Instructions

#### Cooking The Rice Noodles

  * Cook the Rice Noodles as per package Instructions

  * I have added the rice noodles in hot boilng water.

  * I let it sit for 10 minutes until they are 90 percent cooked.

#### Assembling/Cooking Vegan Pad Thai

  * In a wok, add in the oil.

  * Once hot add in the onion, garlic and ginger.

  * Sautee it on high for 1-2 minute.

  * Now add in the carrot and mushroom and cook for 2-3 minutes on high. Add the veggies in the order of crispness.

  * Add in the capsicum and cook for 1 minute.

  * Now add the sauces to mix everything.

  * Add the noodles and mix

  * Add raw mango (if using), peanuts and give everything a nice mix.

  * Serve it hot.

### Notes

  * Standard US Size Cups Used
  * Please read substitutes for gluten-free Ingredients.
  * Be sure to use certified gluten-free rice noodles



Tried this recipe?Share your feedback @renunad or tag #cookwithrenu

Made it? Upload Your photosMention @cookwithrenu or tag #cookwithrenu

Tried this recipe?Share your feedback @cookwithrenu or tag #cookwithrenu

## Linking this with

### Sunday Funday

### Recipes with Umami

  *     * Umami Bomb Tomato Sauce from Making Miracles
    * Steaks with Gouda Sauce from Amy's Cooking Adventures
    * Tomato and Blue Cheese Salad from A Day in the Life on the Farm
    * Chorizo Chickpea Tomato Pasta from Food Lust People Love
    * Fried Chicken Wings - Korean Style from Sneha's Recipe
    * Umami from the Sea: Sea Palm-Kale Salad and Uni Handrolls from Culinary Adventures with Camilla
    * Patatas Bravas from Mayuri's Jikoni
    * Easy Vegan Pad Thai from Cook with Renu

Sharing is caring!

  * Facebook222
  * Twitter
  * Pinterest30
  * Save
  * Email

Categories Appetizers, Asian, Vegan Recipes

Tags

Tags

Party FoodSunday FundayThai

## Post navigation

Swirl Sourdough Whole Wheat Bread (Chocolate, Garlic and Herbs) #BreadBakers

Foxtail Millet Dhokla (Steamed Millet Cake)

Click here to cancel reply.

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Mayuri Patel

Tuesday 18th of May 2021

Renu, this meal definitely is packed with umami.. with soy sauce and the
shiitake mushrooms. Adding raw mango to add a bit of sourness is brilliant.

Camilla M. Mann

Monday 17th of May 2021

We love pad thai, but reserve it for the weekends when my husband eats meat.
With this version, I can make it during the week. Yum.

Renu Agrawal Dongre

Tuesday 18th of May 2021

Thank You

Wendy Klik

Monday 17th of May 2021

Love Pad Thai. It is a go to around here when I want a quick easy meal. I love
this vegan version, perfect for Meatless Monday.

### About Me

## Connect with me

### Search this Website

Search for:

### Find a Recipe

Find a Recipe Select Category 10 or Less than 10 Ingredients  (75) 5 min
Recipe  (16) 5 or less than 5 ingredients  (88) Air Fryer Recipes  (3)
Appetizers  (105) Autumn Recipes  (9) Bakes  (115)    Bread  (40)    Cakes
(19)    Cookies  (13)    Cupcakes, Muffins  (14)    Savory Bakes  (35) Base
Recipes, How To's  (11) Beverage  (19) Breakfast  (137) By Cuisine  (109)
American  (3)    Asian  (13)    East India Cuisine  (5)    European  (25)
Mexican  (2)    Middle Eastern  (9)    North Indian Cuisine  (28)    Other
International Cuisine  (2)    South Indian Cuisine  (11)    West India Cuisine
(12) Collection of Recipes  (18) Condiments  (51) Curry & Dal  (41) Dry,
Barbecue, Stir Fry Vegetables  (21) Festival Recipes  (30) Flatbread  (64)
Frozen Dessert  (6) Instant Pot Recipes  (14) Kids -Snacks, Party Ideas  (97)
Leftovers into All Over  (8) Lunch Box Recipes  (92) No Cook, No Bake Recipe
(18) No White Sugar , Healthy Snacks  (43) Pancakes  (25) Pizza, Pasta,
Noodles  (6) Rice, Grain's, Millet's  (52) Salads, Soups  (24) Snacks  (16)
Special Diet  (263)    Gluten Free Recipes  (123)    Indian Fasting Recipes
(26)    No onion No Garlic  (97)    Vegan Recipes  (158) Summer Recipes  (22)
Sweets & Desserts  (48) Travel/Picnic Food  (76) Winter Special Recipes  (37)

### Subscribe and get the latest recipes straight in your Inbox

### Recent Posts

  * Vara Milagai Chutney (Chettinad Spicy Red chili chutney)
  * Lemon Ginger Zucchini Marmalade
  * Jowar Moong Dal Khichdi (Instant Pot & Pressure cooker method)
  * Air Fryer Banana Blueberry Oats Muffins
  * Libyan Harissa Paste

### Find a Recipe

Find a Recipe Select Category 10 or Less than 10 Ingredients  (75) 5 min
Recipe  (16) 5 or less than 5 ingredients  (88) Air Fryer Recipes  (3)
Appetizers  (105) Autumn Recipes  (9) Bakes  (115)    Bread  (40)    Cakes
(19)    Cookies  (13)    Cupcakes, Muffins  (14)    Savory Bakes  (35) Base
Recipes, How To's  (11) Beverage  (19) Breakfast  (137) By Cuisine  (109)
American  (3)    Asian  (13)    East India Cuisine  (5)    European  (25)
Mexican  (2)    Middle Eastern  (9)    North Indian Cuisine  (28)    Other
International Cuisine  (2)    South Indian Cuisine  (11)    West India Cuisine
(12) Collection of Recipes  (18) Condiments  (51) Curry & Dal  (41) Dry,
Barbecue, Stir Fry Vegetables  (21) Festival Recipes  (30) Flatbread  (64)
Frozen Dessert  (6) Instant Pot Recipes  (14) Kids -Snacks, Party Ideas  (97)
Leftovers into All Over  (8) Lunch Box Recipes  (92) No Cook, No Bake Recipe
(18) No White Sugar , Healthy Snacks  (43) Pancakes  (25) Pizza, Pasta,
Noodles  (6) Rice, Grain's, Millet's  (52) Salads, Soups  (24) Snacks  (16)
Special Diet  (263)    Gluten Free Recipes  (123)    Indian Fasting Recipes
(26)    No onion No Garlic  (97)    Vegan Recipes  (158) Summer Recipes  (22)
Sweets & Desserts  (48) Travel/Picnic Food  (76) Winter Special Recipes  (37)

### Reader's Favorite

  * Fermenting Idli Dosa Batter In Cold Climate
  * Dosa | Sada Dosa | Plain Dosa
  * Lemon Cake (No Baking Powder, No Baking Soda)
  * Easy Eggless Rava Cake (Semolina Cake)
  * Chocolate Coconut Flour Cookies (Gluten Free)

### Get Our Free 7 Days Vegan & Gluten Free Breakfast/Meal Plan

Copyright (C) 2022 Cook With Renu

