https://cafedelites.com/garlic-parmesan-crumbed-fish/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

Cafe Delites

for good food lovers

  * Recipe Index
  * About Me
    * BOOKS
  * Contact Me
    * Policies
      * Disclaimer
      * Copyright
    * MEDIA

You are here: Home / Recipes / Garlic Parmesan Crumbed Fish

By Karina 2 Comments Filed Under: Recipes

# Garlic Parmesan Crumbed Fish

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

## White Fish topped with a CRISPY garlic parmesan crumb will be your new
favourite fish recipe guaranteed!

Gone are the days of eating under-seasoned fish. Garlic Parmesan Crumbed Fish,
a recipe inspired by your favourite Crispy Garlic Parmesan Salmon, is a 10
minute easy fish dinner using minimal ingredients.

## WINNING CRUMBED FISH RECIPE

A golden, crunchy crumb sits on top of tender, flakey fish. Could life
possibly get any better than this?

Although, I know what you're probably thinking. Crumb = egg wash, but that's
not needed for this crumbed fish!

What IS guaranteed ticks all your fish loving boxes:

  * Juicy, flakey cooked fish
  * Crispy garlic parmesan crumb topping
  * Minimal ingredients
  * Maximum flavours
  * Minimal mess
  * Addictively easy homemade cooking

SO EASY in fact that we're including three different cooking methods so you
get the very BEST results!

## **HOW TO MAKE THE BEST CRUMBED FISH**

**START WITH YOUR GARLIC PARMESAN CRUMB:** minced garlic, fresh or store-
bought shredded parmesan cheese, breadcrumbs (or salmon meal for a low carb
option), salt, pepper, fresh herb, melted butter and a drizzle of olive oil.  
**SPREAD FISH WITH MAYO:** YES! It acts like a glue without needing egg wash
while adding crispy flavour.  
**PRESS FILLING INTO CRUMB MIXTURE.** Spoon extra filling over the top if you
like it fully loaded.  
**GET YOUR PAN NICE AND HOT** to get your fish sizzling and crispy on the
bottom.  
**BROIL** to cook your perfect fish on the top and make that crumb deliciously
crispy and golden.

You'll be in awe at the crumb… it tastes fried!

**Crumbed fish can be cooked under the broiler OR just straight in the oven.**

## COOKING OPTIONS

**STOVE TOP/OVEN**

If you don't have an oven-proof pan or skillet, simply prepare fish as per the
recipe. Then, drizzle 2 teaspoons of olive oil into a pan over high-heat. Fry
fish, crumb-side UP, for 2 minutes, then carefully transfer onto a lightly
oiled baking sheet. Finish your perfectly crumbed fish off in the oven under
the broiler/grill to get that crumb topping nice and golden.

**JUST OVEN METHOD**

Lightly oil your baking sheet with nonstick oil spray. Prepare fish as above
with crumb topping. Arrange fish fillets onto prepared tray and bake at 390°F
(200°C) for 10 - 12 minutes, then broil (grill) on high heat for a golden
crumb.

### CRUMBED FISH TIPS

  * Make sure you position your oven rack to about 5-inches (15cm) from the top heat element before preheating.
  * You can use either skin on or skinless fish fillets.
  * Use fresh shredded parmesan in the crumb topping instead of the fine powdery parmesan found in plastic packets. It gives it a better flavour.
  * You can use fresh chopped dill instead of - OR- in addition to parsley!
  * We use Panko breadcrumbs, but you can use whatever you have on hand.
  * Don't forget to spray your crumb topping with a light coating of cooking oil like olive oil spray (NOT non-stick oil) to help the topping brown.
  * Serve crumbed fish immediately with a squeeze of lemon juice.

## WHAT TO SERVE WITH PARMESAN CRUMBED FISH

Serve over buttery mashed cauliflower OR mashed potatoes OR with an easy side
salad.

## MORE FISH/SEAFOOD RECIPES

Pan Seared Fish With Tomatoes & Olives  
Avocado Chickpea Tuna Salad Recipe  
French Steamed Mussels  
Easy Lobster Bisque  
Easy Baked Salmon with Lemon Butter Cream Sauce

# Crispy Garlic Parmesan Crumbed Fish

White Fish topped with a CRISPY garlic parmesan crumb will be your new
favourite fish recipe guaranteed! Gone are the days of eating under-seasoned
fish. Garlic Parmesan Crumbed Fish, a recipe is a 10 minute easy fish dinner
using minimal ingredients.

PRINT SAVE go to your favorites

Prep: 10 mins

Cook: 6 mins

Total: 16 mins

Serves: 4 serves

### Ingredients

### WHITE FISH

  * 4 firm white fish fillets skinless and boneless, close to room temperature (about 5 oz/150g per fillet)
  * 1 tablespoon mayonnaise
  * Salt and cracked black pepper to season
  * Garlic powder, to season

### CRUMB

  * 1/2 cup panko breadcrumbs
  * 2 tablespoons fresh parsley, finely chopped
  * 1/2 cup parmesan cheese, freshly grated
  * 3 cloves garlic, minced
  * 2 tablespoons melted butter
  * 2 tablespoons olive oil
  * Salt and cracked black pepper, to season
  * Cooking oil spray
  * Squeeze of lemon juice

### Instructions

#### PREPARE FISH

  * Preheat oven broiler (grill) on high heat. Arrange oven rack to about 5-inches (15cm) from the top heat element.

  * Combine breadcrumbs, parsley, parmesan cheese, garlic, melted butter, olive oil, salt and cracked black pepper in a shallow bowl. Mix well to combine.

  * Season fish all over with salt, pepper and a pinch of garlic powder. Spread 1 teaspoon of mayonnaise over the top of each fillet.

  * Grab a fillet and press the mayo-side of the fish firmly into the crumb mixture ensuring it sticks evenly. Repeat with remaining fish.

  * Lightly spray each fillet with cooking oil spray.

#### COOK

  * Drizzle 2 teaspoons of olive oil into an oven-proof pan or cast-iron skillet. Heat over the stove on high-heat.

  * When pan is hot, arrange the fillets into the hot pan and place under the broiler (or grill) until the fish is cooked through and the crumb is crisp and golden, about 5-6 minutes. Rotate the pan as needed for even cooking halfway through. (To check if fish is cooked, use a fork to pull the flesh at the thickest part. It is cooked through when flakes easily.

  * Squeeze over some lemon juice and garnish with fresh chopped parlsey to serve.

### Notes

 **COOKING OPTIONS**

If you don't have an oven-proof pan or skillet, simply prepare fish as in the
recipe above: drizzle 2 teaspoons of olive oil into a pan over high-heat. Fry
fish, crumb-side UP, for 2 minutes, then transfer onto a lightly oiled baking
sheet. Finish it off in the oven under the broiler/grill to get that crumb
topping nice and golden.

**JUST OVEN METHOD**

Lightly oil and baking sheet with nonstick oil spray. Prepare fish as above
with crumb topping. Arrange fish fillets onto prepared tray and bake at 390°F
(200°C) for 10 - 12 minutes, then broil (grill) on high heat for a golden
crumb.

Serve immediately with a squeeze of lemon juice.

**FISH**

The best fish for this recipe:

  * Barramundi
  * Cod
  * Blue Grenadier

### Nutrition

Calories: 382kcal | Carbohydrates: 7g | Protein: 40g | Fat: 22g | Saturated
Fat: 8g | Cholesterol: 110mg | Sodium: 417mg | Potassium: 560mg | Fiber: 1g |
Sugar: 1g | Vitamin A: 441IU | Vitamin C: 3mg | Calcium: 186mg | Iron: 2mg

« Classic Deviled Eggs

Chocolate Cake »

### Subscribe to Cafe Delites FOR FREE and Receive Recipes Straight Into Your
Inbox!

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. W.S says

September 10, 2020 at 9:08 am

  
100% recommend this recipe to anyone! My toddler ate a whole fillet all by
himself! Flavors are perfect and delicious. It has become a staple in our
dinner rotations.

Reply

  2. Rosa Slattery says

April 10, 2020 at 10:20 pm

  
I don’t normally like anything on my salmon, but saw this recipe and decided
to try something new and was blown away. The entire family loved it, crispy
exterior and the salmon was cooked to perfection. Thank you for another
amazingly delicious recipe.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### LOOKING FOR A RECIPE? SEARCH HERE!

Search this website

### HEY Good Food Lovers! It's nice to see you!

Welcome! My name is Karina and this is my internet kitchen hang-out. A self-
confessed _balanced_ _foodie_ sharing some waistline friendly recipes that are
_full_ of flavour. Life is too short for bland and boring. …

Read More

### Connect with Karina – Cafe Delites

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

## Footer

### Subscribe to Cafe Delites FOR FREE and Receive Recipes Straight Into Your
Inbox!

### CONNECT WITH KARINA - CAFE DELITES

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

Search this website

### Archives

Archives Select Month December 2020  November 2020  June 2020  May 2020  April
2020  March 2020  February 2020  January 2020  December 2019  November 2019
September 2019  August 2019  April 2019  March 2019  February 2019  January
2019  December 2018  November 2018  October 2018  September 2018  August 2018
July 2018  June 2018  May 2018  April 2018  March 2018  February 2018  January
2018  December 2017  November 2017  October 2017  September 2017  August 2017
July 2017  June 2017  May 2017  April 2017  March 2017  February 2017  January
2017  December 2016  November 2016  October 2016  September 2016  August 2016
July 2016  June 2016  May 2016  April 2016  March 2016  February 2016  January
2016  December 2015  November 2015  October 2015  September 2015  August 2015
July 2015  June 2015  May 2015  April 2015  March 2015  February 2015  January
2015  December 2014  November 2014  October 2014  September 2014  August 2014
July 2014  June 2014  May 2014  April 2014

### Categories

Categories Select Category Appetizers Asian Beef Beverages Bread Breakfast
Cakes, Blondies and Brownies Cheesecakes Chicken Chinese Christmas Churros
Cookies Dessert Dinner Dips Donuts Easter French Toast Game Day Greek Inspired
Ham Italian Inspired Lamb Low Carb Lunch Mexican Inspired Recipes Muffins My
Book In Previews One Pot Meals Pancakes And Crepes Pasta Pies Pork Recipes
Round Ups Salads Savoury Tooth Fix Seafood Sheet Pan Sides Slow Cooker
Smoothies and Milkshakes Snacks Soup Sweet Tooth Fix Thanksgiving Turkey
Vegetarian Waffles Weekly Meal Plan

COPYRIGHT (C) 2022 CAFE DELITES. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy

