https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/213238/indian-fish-curry/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. World Cuisine
  4. Asian
  5. Bangladeshi
  6. Indian Fish Curry

# Indian Fish Curry

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.5

247 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 175 
  * 4 star values: 51 
  * 3 star values: 13 
  * 2 star values: 5 
  * 1 star values: 3 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 247 Ratings 
  * 193 Reviews 
  * 31 Photos 

A very spicy dish. This recipe is inspired by my mother's Bengali fish recipe
she used to make in India.

Recipe by Mantu

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Read the full recipe after the video.

Add Photo

Indian Fish Curry MommyAtlas

Indian Fish Curry Anne

Indian Fish Curry Koolaid

Indian Fish Curry Tracy-Ann Bujham

\+ 27 27 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

20 mins

cook:

35 mins

additional:

30 mins

total:

1 hr 25 mins

Servings:

4

Yield:

4 servings

Nutrition Info

Indian Fish Curry

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

4

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 4 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

For the marinade:

  * 2 teaspoons Dijon mustard 
  * 1 teaspoon ground black pepper 
  * ½ teaspoon salt 
  * 2 tablespoons canola oil 
  * 4 white fish fillets 
  * 1 onion, coarsely chopped 
  * 4 cloves garlic, roughly chopped 
  * 1 (1 inch) piece fresh ginger root, peeled and chopped 
  * 5 cashew halves 
  * 1 tablespoon canola oil 
  * 2 teaspoons cayenne pepper, or to taste 
  * ½ teaspoon ground turmeric 
  * 1 teaspoon ground cumin 
  * 1 teaspoon ground coriander 
  * 1 teaspoon salt 
  * 1 teaspoon white sugar 
  * ½ cup chopped tomato 
  * ¼ cup vegetable broth 
  * ¼ cup chopped fresh cilantro 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Mix the mustard, pepper, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 2 tablespoons of canola oil in
a shallow bowl. Add the fish fillets, turning to coat. Marinate the fish in
the refrigerator for 30 minutes.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Combine the onion, garlic, ginger, and cashews in a blender or food processor
and pulse until the mixture forms a paste.

  * Step 3

Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).

  * Step 4

Heat 1 tablespoon of canola oil in a skillet over medium-low heat. Stir in the
prepared paste; cook and stir for a minute or two. Add the cayenne pepper,
turmeric, cumin, coriander, 1 teaspoon salt, and sugar. Cook and stir for an
additional five minutes. Stir in the chopped tomato and vegetable broth.

  * Step 5

Arrange the fish fillets in a baking dish, discarding any extra marinade. Top
the fish with the sauce, cover the baking dish, and bake in the preheated oven
until the fish flakes easily with a fork, about 30 minutes. Garnish with
chopped cilantro.

I Made It  Print

##  Cook's Notes

You can use frozen fish fillets for this recipe; thaw them before use.
Decrease the amount of cayenne pepper if you prefer a less spicy dish.

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

338 calories; protein 41.6g; carbohydrates 11.6g; fat 13.5g; cholesterol
56.1mg; sodium 2714.6mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (193)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Autumn

Rating: 5 stars

06/24/2010

Had a friend of ours over for dinner who is new to America (he was born and
raised in India) and he said I was spot on with this, but to him it was fairly
mild. For us it was pretty spicy though. I should note that I did not add the
mustard. I marinated the fish in a turmeric/garlic paste with a little salt
and pepper. (Food processor, few drops of water and oil and then blend) this
was a tip my friend had given me when I told him what I planned to make for
dinner. I also tossed in a can of green chilies and cut the cayenne pepper
down to 1/2 a teaspoon. We absolutely LOVED this dish!! We served it over
brown rice and finished it off completely. I can not WAIT to make this
again!!! Thanks so much for sharing this!!

Read More

Helpful (66)

### Most helpful critical review

Ron Lloyd

Rating: 2 stars

06/01/2012

I like spicy food but this is not my cup of tea. It really wasn't that spicy
or that tasty to me.

Read More

Helpful (4)

247 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 175 
  * 4 star values: 51 
  * 3 star values: 13 
  * 2 star values: 5 
  * 1 star values: 3 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Autumn

Rating: 5 stars

06/24/2010

Had a friend of ours over for dinner who is new to America (he was born and
raised in India) and he said I was spot on with this, but to him it was fairly
mild. For us it was pretty spicy though. I should note that I did not add the
mustard. I marinated the fish in a turmeric/garlic paste with a little salt
and pepper. (Food processor, few drops of water and oil and then blend) this
was a tip my friend had given me when I told him what I planned to make for
dinner. I also tossed in a can of green chilies and cut the cayenne pepper
down to 1/2 a teaspoon. We absolutely LOVED this dish!! We served it over
brown rice and finished it off completely. I can not WAIT to make this
again!!! Thanks so much for sharing this!!

DawnT77

Rating: 5 stars

08/19/2010

The house smelled wonderful! I used mahi mahi fillets. Scared it would be too
hot, I used 1/2 tsp cayenne and 1/2 tsp. madras curry powder. Served with rice
and steamed spinach.

Amy

Rating: 5 stars

12/27/2010

Crazy good! We followed the recipe exactly and it was a perfect heat for us.
Note: we generally order our food at medium spice level at restaurants.

Punker64

Rating: 5 stars

10/04/2015

Huge hit at my house! I did make a few changes...used mahi mahi and shrimp,1
teaspoon of cayenne(my daughter won't eat to hot) and used 2 tablespoons of
creamy peanut butter (no cashews in the house). I did put all the curry sauce
ingredients into the blend to purée and cooked the curry sauce for a good
solid hour to have all the flavor blend. To cook the fish I put it into a
sauté pan than added the curry sauce cooked a good 10 mins...served over
spinach and rice with mango chutney. My daughter wanted to know when I would
make it again....that means it's a hit!

fondukes

Rating: 5 stars

09/21/2010

Awesome, even though I over-cooked the fish - I always do that :( I used Cod
and subbed olive & vegetable oils for the canola. I only added about 1/4
teaspoon of cayenne, there was no way my son would be able to eat it as
listed. I will definitely make this again, with a little more cashews in the
paste and try not to overcook it!

elysian27

Rating: 5 stars

08/30/2011

This was a good dish. My family loved it. Easy and fast to make with tons of
flavor. I served it with Saffron rice, rosemary garlic potatoes and Naan.

aMAIzing

Rating: 4 stars

01/30/2010

YUMMY. The dijon mustard combined with the indian spices really gave the fish
a tangy complex flavor. I served it on a plain (no salt no flavoring) spinach
saag and brown Basmati rice to absorb the rich flavor of the fish. This was my
first attempt at making Indian food. Thanks for making it so easy.

netkat

Rating: 5 stars

06/20/2010

We loved this dish! I did cut back on the cayenne to about 1 1/12 tsp and it
was still hot but delicious. Also added about 3/4 cup canned diced tomatoes
b/c I did not have fresh. Served this with roasted cauliflower. If you like a
very flavorful curry, this is the one for you!

Jen Woy

Rating: 5 stars

01/02/2011

This was execellent. Followed recipe and bake time. Restaurant quality - I
will be making again but with cheaper fish - I bought Halibut and this would
be equally good on red snapper. I also used the full amount of Cayenne pepper
as I love hot food.

BeachcomberBlog

Rating: 5 stars

09/14/2011

We really enjoyed this for dinner last night. It was very flavorful, right
amount of spice (I used 1 tsp. cayenne), and the fish was very moist. I used
fresh-caught black tile fish, served with brown rice and steamed carrots. All
of the different flavors came together very well. Instead of canned vegetable
stock, I made my own using leftover shrimp shells, a few celery tops, and the
stems of the fresh cilantro. I also added some curry powder to the spice mix.

Kym Cox Surridge

Rating: 4 stars

03/16/2010

Wow, this has a ton of flavor. I used only half the cayenne, and it was still
spicy, especially with the first few bites, but it mellowed as I ate more. I'd
add a bit more tomato; the acid helped balance the richness of the sauce.

emilywools

Rating: 5 stars

11/15/2010

i never made indian food before, i always thought it was difficult. this was
delicious and easy to do. i dont have a food processor so i just grated the
ginger, chopped the onion/garlic very finely and used cashew butter instead of
whole cashews. beware, this recipe is very, very spicy. i usually order an 8
or 9 at an indian restaurant, and this fish was right up there. great recipe!

eawcook

Rating: 5 stars

03/10/2012

Was looking for something different for dinner. We never eat Indian food so
this certainly qualified. My family all liked it- and I have picky teenagers.
Not the most attractive dish. But... its delicious and I will be making it
again!

v~

Rating: 5 stars

03/06/2015

We made this tonight as written except...halved the cayenne as many
recommended but for our "3 thai chili to start" taste buds, 1 tsp cayenne
wasn't enough so next time will try 1 1/2 tsp. and may end up with 2 tsp. as
called for but otherwise, very yummy as is. Probably will add upwards of 1/4 c
cashews and increase veggie broth to maintain texture with additional nuts as
this sauce sauce is so yummy, really could double with 4 filets as you and
your guests will all want more. Thx so much for sharing a great way to eat
more fish! Oh and I used wild turbot filet as the mahi mahi I wanted was sold
out at Whole Foods so really any mild white fish will substitute nicely.

aBoutrosBoutros

Rating: 5 stars

01/26/2012

This is really good- adjusted it for one serving. I ended up just adding the
fish to the skillet after cooking everything according to the directions for
ingredients through the tomatoes and broth, but cutting up the fish into
chunks and halving the amount of cayenne (I used red pepper powder). The fish
cooked in around 10-15 minutes with this method. Will make this again!

ValleyLily

Rating: 5 stars

02/23/2012

This recipe was delicious! I ended up using honey brown mustard and doubling
the amount of the marinade (didn't seem like enough for four fillets). I used
swai fillets and didn't have cashews but this recipe is full of flavor even
without it. Also, I didn't have any tomatos so I used one can diced tomatoes,
drained. Finally, I didn't have vegetable broth, so I used chicken broth. The
spice level is probably high for many people, but I found it to be a little
above what I normally tolerate. Will definately make this again.

Lisa Vargas

Rating: 5 stars

12/02/2013

This was really really good!! It really is a spicy dish. I love spicy so I had
no problem. My husband thought it was a bit too spicy so I will have to cut
down next time for him. I have used Mahi Mahi and tilapia and both work.
Usually I serve with Naan bread, jasmine or basmati rice, either white or
coconut and some type of veggie, usually peas. I am so happy with this recipe!

Millybell

Rating: 4 stars

06/30/2012

I used only 1/2 tsp cayenne, and added 1 tin coconut cream at the end to
simmer the fish in. Was still very hot but manageable.

Mel L

Rating: 5 stars

12/19/2010

this is the best fish recipe I have ever consumed! It's fantastic. I had 4 or
5 fillets so I doubled the dijon sauce for the fish.

JustJen

Rating: 5 stars

04/05/2012

WOW, every bit is full of explosion!! Afraid of too much heat, I omitted the
cayenne pepper and substituted 1/4 tsp of curry & 1/4 tsp of red pepper,
chopped and mashed the tomatoes and used 2 Cod filets. Served on white rice
and roasted okra as a side with some homemade garlic parmesean Italian bread!!
What a fantastic meal!!! Will make again and again! Impressive!!! Thanks for
sharing!!!

Vinallx

Rating: 5 stars

08/29/2011

Excellent recipe! Cut the cayenne to 1 tsp (hubby doesn't like too spicy) and
added 1/2 tsp of curry and 1/2 tsp of garam masala. Perfect amount of heat.
Served with quinoa and roasted asparagus. Great, healthy dinner!

Logan

Rating: 5 stars

07/04/2011

great recipe. i never added tumeric b/c i dont have it and I throw everything
in the food processor instead of making in the pan. then I sautee onion and
potato and add the sauce/ tomatos and fish. even my 2 yr old loves it

Ron Lloyd

Rating: 2 stars

06/01/2012

I like spicy food but this is not my cup of tea. It really wasn't that spicy
or that tasty to me.

Kirty

Rating: 5 stars

03/12/2012

This was AMAZING. We followed the directions for the most part, but I added a
little bit of extra curry powder to the spice mix, and instead of cayenne I
used a few dashes of ground habenero, which is much hotter but I need less. We
used cod, which tasted great in the curry. It tasted like authentic Indian
cooking. My husband said it was "the best fish dish ever".

norahanem

Rating: 4 stars

01/06/2012

Tasted great with half the Cayenne. Will make again.

miro

Rating: 5 stars

10/13/2012

This has become my favorite tilapia recipe by far! My husband and I used to
always go to Pakistani/Indian restaurants but now when we are craving that
kind of food I make this. I have even made it for some Pakistani friends who
said it was amazing. The flavor and amount of spices are perfect! It also
looks very pretty too :) I've also made it without cashews one time because I
didn't have any and couldn't taste a difference. I serve it with basmati rice.
A friend of mine told me that if you want a stronger flavor/spices to simmer
it down a few times (i.e. after the vegetable broth, pour a little water, let
it boil/simmer for a little while until it evaporates and repeat several
times). I also make it without marinating it first.

Racy

Rating: 5 stars

07/16/2012

excellent, my favorite seafood dish in a long time. It was spicy but just
spicy enough for me. We enjoyed it over jasmin rice.

RCORBIN

Rating: 5 stars

01/22/2012

This dish was absolutely wonderful! I used catfish nuggets because that was
the only white fish I had on hand. I also used ground ginger instead of the
ginger root and only a 1/2 tsp of cayenne pepper because I don't like it so
spicy. It came out amazing. I had to go back for seconds! I served with brown
rice and spinach. Thanks for the recipe!

geniphre

Rating: 4 stars

11/07/2011

Spicy!

MMMICHELLE

Rating: 5 stars

03/24/2012

This was a great recipe; I really enjoyed the flavors and it's a great way to
eat fish (not my favorite meat). So good!

Allrecipes Community

Rating: 5 stars

06/15/2014

Thanks! I used cod for the fish. I did not marinate the fish, but did add the
mustard and black pepper to the curry. I also used chili powder in place of
cumin because I was out of cumin.

KitLlwynog

Rating: 5 stars

12/01/2013

I've made this recipe several times and it has always turned out wonderfully.
All my family loves it, even though they aren't big fans of Indian food. It is
super spicy if you follow the recipe, so I use two tsp red curry powder
instead, and it comes out great. I also usually use more cashews than the
recipe calls for, five seems a bit pointless. I even make double batches now.
Usually I put it over saffron rice or couscous. It is a big hit!

Saucychef26

Rating: 5 stars

05/07/2013

SO amazingly flavorful! I paired it with cauliflower cilantro & lemon "rice"
and it was just a beautiful dish. I do paleo so I substituted agave for sugar
and it was just amazing. I also don't use canola oil so I just used coconut
oil and olive oil. I tossed in veggies (carrots, radishes & broccoli) while
the fish cooked and everything melted together! I also just used one tsp of
cayenne and it was perfect. Easy to adapt & eat. Love how low cal,carb & sugar
it is but high in protein! (I'm working on the salt part).. Thanks for a
wonderful recipe

clairevalentine

Rating: 4 stars

09/28/2011

This was very good! I made it almost exactly as written. I omitted the cayenne
but used Rotel tomatoes for spiciness. I did not add the broth, which would
have made it too liquidy. I kept the fish in the 13x9 in which I marinated it
and just topped it with the cooked paste.

Kristen Hines

Rating: 5 stars

05/08/2012

We love this recipe. I think I'll try to reduce the amount of salt next time
though. There is so much flavour that it doesn't need as much salt.

AmandaT

Rating: 4 stars

10/24/2011

This had great flavor, but boy was it HOT. My husband and I are huge fans of
spicy food, but this was almost too much for us. Next time I make this I will
cut the cayenne a little. Otherwise a fantastic recipe! Thanks for sharing

juno_lake

Rating: 4 stars

02/05/2015

Good, but no cayenne for us (kids and hubby wouldn't be able to hang with
that). Decent flavor but fairly tame (no tanginess or zing). The smokiness of
the turmeric, coriander, and cumin is well balanced with the salt, onions,
garlic and cilantro. I didn't really notice the mustard at all. I added my own
spice to my plate and I really liked it. The kids didn't really love it but
hubby agreed that he would eat it again if served again.

Theresa

Rating: 5 stars

09/16/2013

Loved this dish!! Don't be afraid of the spice. I only added 1 tbs. and I
could have added more. It had the perfect balance of flavors and my family
raved over it. It's definitely going on the regular rotation list.
Fantastic!!!

sylgui

Rating: 5 stars

01/11/2013

This was delicious. Bought a nice cod fillet and used honey dijon and chicken
broth instead of vegetable broth as I had those on hand. Baked it for ~35
minutes. The smell was amazing! It was quite spicy for me but not too much.
Maybe I'll cut back a little on the cayenne next time. It did get a little
watery but I used canned diced tomatoes so maybe try for fresh. Served it over
white rice with a few pieces of naan (maybe a little redundant!). I'll be
making this again!

LOOSENUP

Rating: 3 stars

10/14/2013

Reduced cayenne to 1/4 tsp and it was still very spicy. I think adding coconut
milk would tame it and add some richness.

EricSeiler

Rating: 3 stars

03/11/2015

Me: Wow, this is great. Just the right amount of heat! Other three guests: OUR
FACES ARE MELTING OFF! WHY DID YOU DO THIS TO US??? I followed the
instructions exactly, but cut the cayenne pepper in half. Still, face-melting
ensued. Note: I live in the mid-Atlantic region. Yogurt is too spicy for some.

suzie

Rating: 5 stars

12/02/2012

Very good!! Instead of cayenne pepper i added two chopped up hot peppers.
Perfectly spicy!!

Deb Brown

Rating: 4 stars

11/11/2012

Very spicy and flavorful...but do not use frozen fish, gets too mushy.

COLORADOKAY

Rating: 5 stars

01/06/2013

Delicious!

che100

Rating: 5 stars

10/20/2013

What a refreshing way to serve fish! Both of my kids who don't normally like
fish loved this recipe. I saved the leftover sauce with my extra rice, and it
was a fabulous leftover!

Yani Perez

Rating: 5 stars

05/15/2013

made this recipe but used 1 tsp of cayenne was very good its a keeper...

Chelsea

Rating: 5 stars

10/28/2013

I love this recipe. And...I just accidentally made it with squid instead of
fish (ooooh, vacuum packed frozen sea creatures...you've done it again!)
Anyways, it was actually just as delish as ever! I put 2.5 tsp of cayenne
pepper, (because we love it hot!)...and I might have just overdone it a tush.
Next time, I'm sticking with the recipe, exactly, because it doesn't need any
modifications.

Kimvbui

Rating: 4 stars

05/19/2013

Delicious! My husband loved it. I added 1/4c more broth. The consistency was
less pastey more like a thick curry. Otherwise we followed the recipe exactly.
Will definitely make this again!

Amy Rhodes

Rating: 5 stars

06/12/2013

Delicious! We like it hot so I added a Serrano pepper to the paste. Used Cod
fish and reduced the baking time to about 20 min. Served with cashew vegetable
korma and Basmati rice.

Volleyballmom

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

09/15/2014

Delish! The flavours are incredible! Used mahi mahi and cut down on the
cayenne-our cayenne is super hot. This recipe would also be great with
pistachios rather than cashews. If you like curry this is for you. Thanks
Mantu. Can't wait to make it again!

Zahavas

Rating: 5 stars

07/06/2014

I made whit what I have, peanut instead of cashew, probable not the same
texture, but very good, I adjust the seasoning for our taist , great recipe

Cindyellen Robinson

Rating: 5 stars

01/05/2014

This was just about the most amazing recipe we've tried!! Because my hubby is
an Indian food wimp, we used half the cayenne and added 1/4 c coconut milk. We
also added 1/4 c cashews, total (love our nuts ;-) and no salt. MAN, was this
good. It was still *plenty* spicy and delish! Served with steamed broccoli and
fresh rice. YUM!! no need for take away!

lilorchid82

Rating: 5 stars

08/22/2012

Followed other's advice and decreased the amount of fish to about 15oz, but
kept the rest of the recipe the same. I did cut down the cayenne, which was
fortunate b/c my husband said it was still too spicy for him. I also left the
fish to marinate overnight. There was a lot of flavor in this dish, and I will
make this again. I'll remember to add veggies to this next time though. O, I
almost forgot: I'm sure a lot of ppl know this, but I didn't see anyone
correct the reviewer who said that there should've been curry in a recipe
called "fish curry." Curry is a blend of spices, such as those listed in the
ingredients.

JD

Rating: 5 stars

01/26/2013

Very tasty! And easy. Used tilapia. Didn't have coriander so I used a half
teaspoon of garam masala. Almonds instead of cashews. Teaspoon of crushed red
pepper instead of cayenne. Excellent reheated with some lime squeezed on top.

jdeppel

Rating: 5 stars

02/06/2015

Very authentic curry. We like it hot so I used the spices as is. Hubby and I
ate it all, LOL, but I used fairly thin cod. Will definitely make this one
again.

Ardyth Kennedy

Rating: 5 stars

08/10/2014

My husband and I thought this was wonderful. I used 1 tsp. of cayenne, which
was plenty of heat for us. The only change I made was in the oven temperature.
I cooked the fish at 400 degrees for 20 minutes.Thanks so much for the recipe!

swimmin_author

Rating: 5 stars

01/25/2014

Loved this and it was very easy to prepare. The second time I made it I left
our the tomato and was great as well.

helen

Rating: 5 stars

02/02/2014

Wonderful I cook a lot of Indian food and will be making this one again for
sure.Thanks

cowgirll

Rating: 5 stars

04/10/2014

Wow! Amazing flavor and much less work that it initially looks like. I cut the
cayenne down to 1 tsp and it was still fiery enough to cause the sniffles. I
can't believe how rich and complex the flavor was. I'm saving this one, for
sure!

Corrie_25

Rating: 5 stars

09/11/2014

Well worth the time and effort delicious amazing recipe!

Jenny

Rating: 5 stars

03/29/2015

My family love it great meal for Sunday Dinner

Ron Katwijk

Rating: 5 stars

02/13/2017

This fish curry was so super delicious! I used a fish curry powder mix instead
of turmeric, coriander and cumin powder and added more garlic to the paste. I
give this 5 stars and would give more if that was possible and it will be
saved in my favorites. Thanks for sharing this incredible recipe! :)

Karen Martell Bishop

Rating: 5 stars

03/26/2015

My husband made this last night only he doubled all the ingredients for the
sauce because we like things saucy and over rice. However, next time we will
double everything except the cayenne pepper, we'll do 3 tsp. instead of 4. The
flavor was excellent and just like a quality Indian restaurant but double the
cayenne is a little too lip burning. We used mahi mahi because it is a mild
meaty white fish. Next time I would like to try a pink salmon with this. We
served this with basmati rice flavored with cardamom pods. Excellent dish and
SUPER healthy, will be making this a LOT! UPDATE: Made this again only with
pink salmon chunks this time and it was EVEN BETTER!!! I just LOVE this
recipe!

Kristi Maddapo

Rating: 5 stars

05/15/2014

This recipe rocks!!!! Fool proof and delicious. Spicy!!

Scott from The Valley

Rating: 5 stars

09/26/2017

Followed the recipe but cut the salt in half and prepared the night before so
after covering the cod fillets with the paste I covered the casserole with
foil and put it in the fridge. Half an hour in the oven and served along with
mashed sweet potatoes, jasmine rice, a little shredded coconut, some raisins
and some homemade rhubarb chutney. My daughter had trouble with the heat but
didn't leave anything on her plate!

Kathleen

Rating: 4 stars

04/22/2017

Made it with 1/2 tsp cayenne and lots of cilantro. Yum. Next time will use
only 1/4 tsp of cayenne, omit the sugar and soak the cashews.

shawnkarin

Rating: 5 stars

04/02/2017

This dish was terrific! So tasty! We're big curry fans and this was was very
authentic. I made it for 2 people and made it a low fat dish by omitting all
oil. I used a 1 lb swordfish steak cut into 1 inch chunks. To marinate, I
placed the chunks in a small baking dish and covered with 5 forkfuls of minced
garlic from a jar and about 5 Tblsp of Dijon mustard. For the curry I used
minced ginger from a jar for convenience. 1 tsp of cayenne was plenty spicy
for us. In my opinion I could have left the cashew halves out and not known
the difference. I cooked the sauce without oil, it wasn't necessary, and used
Splenda instead of sugar. Two diced Roma tomatoes worked for me, and I put the
sauce right on top of the marinade before baking. I left off the cilantro
garnish because I don't care for it. Served it with steamed cauliflower and a
sliced banana, and for anyone on Weight Watchers the entire dinner came out to
7 SmartPoints per serving. Husband liked this a lot and so did I; I will
definitely make this again!

John 1

Rating: 4 stars

11/25/2014

Very tasty. I was out of Cayene Pepper so I substituted masala seasoning and a
small amount of crushed chili peppers and it was delicious

aoifebyrne

Rating: 4 stars

10/26/2011

This was really nice, I will definitely make it again. I also put pineapple on
top of the fish before baking which was a nice addition.

Homemade or go home!

Rating: 5 stars

06/08/2017

A favourite in our house! The teens request it often. I use only 3/4 tsp
cayenne (personal preference) increase tomato to 1 cup and add 1/2 can coconut
milk for creaminess and just because the sauce is so delicious we like to have
extra to spoon over rice. We use about 6 Basa fillets - super tender! Another
great thing about this dish (compared to many fish dishes) - it keeps in the
oven covered at 200 degrees without drying as we discovered one night when
dinner was ready but family was an hour late getting home. This is a
restaurant-quality recipe, great with naan and a simple crunchy salad with an
oil & vinegar dressing. Thanks for the recipe :)

jennjupp

Rating: 5 stars

09/25/2017

This was so good! It is a good way to make fish that is unique and delicious.
The balance of spices and the richness of the oil are the perfect complement
to the blandness of fish. I used flounder and served it over basmati rice.

Sybilann Williams

Rating: 5 stars

07/11/2017

I love this recipe, especially that it uses whole spices rather than "a
teaspoon of curry powder" making it much more authentic and richly flavored.

Tania

Rating: 5 stars

04/10/2011

I didn't use ginger root or cashews since I didn't have any. I also
substituted olive oil for canola oil. This came out nice and spicy! It takes
an incredible amount of spice for me to taste or feel the heat. Anyways I
tasted the heat in this dish. It wasn't too spicy for me but I can imagine it
might cause some panic attacks for those more sensitive to heat. I definitely
will be cooking this again!

John

Rating: 4 stars

10/20/2012

I liked this recipe a lot. However, my mouth was on fire from the two
teaspoons of cayenne. I know it says "2 teaspoons of cayenne or to taste," but
it is probably better to write "one-half teaspoon of cayenne or to taste." It
can always be added. Even so, it was delicious even with the two teaspoons.

djerome

Rating: 5 stars

12/27/2013

good flavor modified it a bit tripled the marinade for the fish and rather
than garlic and onion used 1 very large purple onion 20 cashews doubled the
coriander, cumin, and turmeric just sprinkled cayenne baked in oven without a
cover. was amazing!

krisenigl

Rating: 5 stars

10/19/2011

Loved it! And my husband loved it too! I had fresh chesnuts, so I used them
instead. I used chipolte instead of cayenne. So yummy, and I am making curry
potato soup with the leftover sauce. Thank you for an easy and delicious
Indian Fish recipe!!

Christine

Rating: 1 stars

01/07/2020

Cut the cayenne in half and made exactly as stated with fresh ingredients
bought the same day. The taste of the sauce was absolutely terrible. We love
fish and couldn't finish it. What a waste.

Lucie Michaud

Rating: 5 stars

02/25/2014

Use chicken instead of fish.

just_jam

Rating: 4 stars

03/02/2014

this was so delicious but i did heed the warning given by the other reviewers
about the heat.. so i halved the cayenne.. i used a pound of red snapper for
the white fish fillets.. instead of making a paste out of everything.. i just
sauteed the seasonings with the oil and added sliced onion and the roughly
chopped garlic.. once it became fragrant i added the broth and double amount
of tomatoes.. unfortunately i only had powdered ginger and no cashews.. halved
the sugar.. and put the baked result on a flour tortilla with Cucumber-
Cilantro Raita (from this site) on top.. blame the californian in us.. we so
loved it.. ty so much for the recipe

nancy1027

Rating: 5 stars

01/02/2014

This was so tasty! I followed the recipe exactly, using cod I bought frozen,
then thawed out. I used 1/2 tsp red pepper and it was still too spicy for my
kids, so I baked some of the marinated fish without the sauce in a foil packet
and they liked that. My husband and I loved it made according to the recipe.
Next time I may cut the red pepper back more so the kids can eat it with the
curry sauce, though I would miss the spice!

happytummy

Rating: 5 stars

03/01/2014

This was so tasty. My seven year old picky eater ate all his food without any
complaints! I made extra sauce and then thickened the left over veg. broth
with some corn starch. I then added it to the sauce with some shredded
coconut. Next time I will use coconut milk (did not have any this time). I
served the fish with the curried sauce over rice. (I also do this with the
tandoori fish recipe from this site). This made a very delicious dinner. Thank
you so much for sharing Mantu.

CanadjinEh

Rating: 4 stars

12/26/2013

I only rated it 4 star because I veered off the recipe (I'm sure it's a five
though if you follow exactly). I used Citrus & Habanero EVOO (from a specialty
grocery) and cut out the cayenne completely because of that. I also didn't add
the sugar to the "onion jam" - it was definitely sweet enough (but I use sweet
onions all the time anyway). I doubled the amount of raw cashews as I like it
a bit creamier. Topped my basa fillets with the mix, added to our plates a
chili-spiced saag zipped up with some fresh lemon juice, a quinoa and brown
basmati mix, and a cooling cucumber raita with mint. I also set out more raw
cashew pieces for optional garnish and had fresh banana available to cut the
heat for dessert. My husband is not a big fan of fish so I'm always looking
for different ways to make it more interesting and yet gluten free for me. We
both loved this recipe and will make it again as shown or with my own
substitutions. Yummy!

ILovePotatoes

Rating: 2 stars

01/26/2014

Curry overwhelms the fish to the point you can't even tell it's fish.

Somaly

Rating: 5 stars

02/25/2015

I love this. I had it with rice, fried banana, toasted pecan, and raw spinach
on the side. The banana add a nice sweetness to an extremely spicy dish. The
toasted pecan add crunchiness. I replaced coriander with cilantro bc I didn't
have any coriander.

harperleesmom

Rating: 5 stars

12/15/2013

Delicious! Will definitely make again. I forgot the cilantro & it didn't
matter. I didn't use the full amount of cayenne & it was still very spicy. I
loved it! I don't know as the type of fish matters much. I may even try it
with chicken thighs or tenders.

Lexi Bair

Rating: 5 stars

01/21/2015

This was AN excellent recipe that my family raved about. I stuck to the recipe
since I had never made anything like this before and the results were awesome.
Can't wait to try it again and now looking forward to testing other Indian
dishes.

atlkams

Rating: 5 stars

01/30/2011

This was outstanding and pretty easy. We used halibut which is so mild that it
really needs some strong flavors to go with it. We will definitely make this
again but with less cayenne (probably 1/2" tsp). I did double the cashews and
cooked the onion longer so that they would be softer and a golden color.

Marisa Belmar

Rating: 5 stars

09/14/2014

We loved this dish however next time I would cut back on the cayenne. I on,y
put in 1 q1/2 tsp . My husband is I Nina and he even said it was too much. It
was so spicy I think it took away from the flavor of the curry. This is a
keeper but next time will only out in 3/4-1 tsp. cayenne. But was a great
curry dish!

AnnieN

Rating: 5 stars

08/31/2012

Delicious! I sometimes find it hard to make fish really flavorful but not so
with this dish. So delicious. Received rave reviews from all who ate it. The
only changes I made were substituting curry powder for the turmeric since I
didn't have any on hand, eliminating the cayenne because I have small
children, and I used canned diced tomatoes because it was easier. Will
definitely make again. Thanks for sharing!

wyatthawaii

Rating: 4 stars

02/07/2015

We like spicy and this was almost too much! I would decrease cayenne by a bit
next time. I also substituted peanuts for the cashews due to tree nut
allergies and they worked fine. Smelled great!

TNociti

Rating: 4 stars

10/27/2014

Made with Cod and Quinoa. Really nice start.

Scott from The Valley

Rating: 5 stars

09/26/2017

Followed the recipe but cut the salt in half and prepared the night before so
after covering the cod fillets with the paste I covered the casserole with
foil and put it in the fridge. Half an hour in the oven and served along with
mashed sweet potatoes, jasmine rice, a little shredded coconut, some raisins
and some homemade rhubarb chutney. My daughter had trouble with the heat but
didn't leave anything on her plate!

sanatauqeer

Rating: 5 stars

04/10/2014

Both my husband and I enjoyed this dish. It is quite spicy, but the spice
doesn't linger for very long. I didn't have Dijon Mustard so I used the
closest thing to mustard in my fridge-> Trader Joe's Aioli Mustard Garlic
Sauce. I also didn't have cayenne, so I used 2 teaspoons of red chilli flakes.
I made some quinoa on the side and it went really well with this. In fact, I
also mixed the quinoa with the fish curry and stuffed it into some crisp taco
shells (also from Trader Joes) - was delicious! Note: When I fried the onion-
garlic-ginger mixture it turned green! Did this happen to anyone else? I read
online that this is normal/safe (i'll let you know if I experience otherwise,
I just had the curry 10 min ago), and is due to chemicals in the garlic. As a
science teacher I'm always looking out for cool food-chemistry demos, and this
recipe helped me uncover this one. It also ended up making my curry look green
instead of yellow, which gave it a nice look I thought.

Ruien

Rating: 4 stars

06/24/2014

This came out great, though 2 tsp of cayenne seemed to overpower the flavor
for my wife and I. It wasn't "too spicy" for us to handle, rather the
spiciness of the cayenne seemed to eclipse the flavor of the other seasonings.
I'll use 1 tsp next time.

StacyB1012

Rating: 5 stars

12/22/2014

Delicious! Very spicy but just right for my taste. However, I did take the
advice of one reviewer and add 1 tsp of cayenne and 1 tsp of curry powder.
ALSO, it is very important to let the tomato cook down after adding it and the
broth. The writer does not note this but if you don't cook it long enough to
reduce (which also requires increasing the heat for several minutes), it won't
congeal and the spices will not permeate the sauce. This was fantastic over
sautéed spinach and basmati rice. Overall, an excellent dish!

sisican

Rating: 5 stars

03/15/2016

I’ve made this at least a half dozen times, and it is ALWAYS incredibly
delicious! It is literally one of the best things I make. It is ALWAYS good,
and ALWAYS flavorful! As others have said, I only use a fraction of the
cayenne, though. DELISH!!!

Healing Foods

Rating: 2 stars

07/18/2016

Ugh, mine didn't come out well at all.:P The sweetness of the sugar was
overpowering (and I used RAW cane sugar, which isn't as sweet as refined white
sugar!), so I would suggest cutting the sugar that the recipes calls for way
down. In all fairness, I did replace the dry ingredients with my go-to curry
masala, but that should not have affected how sweet this curry was! I did use
frozen fish (as the option was noted in this recipe), but it turned out chewy
and tough, not like the tender flakes of fresh cod at all. In terms of taste,
I would have rated this recipe one star, but given that I didn't follow this
recipe completely (I used my own curry masala instead), I compensated with the
extra star.

eden

Rating: 5 stars

08/13/2020

Love this recipe have done this many times on our own and with friends. It is
spot on..I used halibut as it lends it self to take on the wonderful flavours.
The aroma in house is superb.

hercher

Rating: 3 stars

09/02/2017

A little too spicy. I'd cut back on some of the spices next time, but
otherwise very tasty.

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Indian Fish Curry

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Indian Fish Curry

##  All Reviews for Indian Fish Curry

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Indian Fish Curry

Servings Per Recipe: 4  
Calories: 338.1  

% Daily Value *

protein:  41.6g  83 %

carbohydrates:  11.6g  4 %

dietary fiber:  2.3g  9 %

sugars:  4.5g

fat:  13.5g  21 %

saturated fat:  1.4g  7 %

cholesterol:  56.1mg  19 %

vitamin a iu:  1151.3IU  23 %

niacin equivalents:  4.7mg  37 %

vitamin b6:  0.8mg  52 %

vitamin c:  9.8mg  16 %

folate:  31.1mcg  8 %

calcium:  68.8mg  7 %

iron:  2mg  11 %

magnesium:  59.1mg  21 %

potassium:  940mg  26 %

sodium:  2714.6mg  109 %

thiamin:  0.1mg  11 %

calories from fat:  121.8

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Indian Fish Curry

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 193

Indian Fish Curry

1 of 31 Indian Fish Curry

MommyAtlas

Indian Fish Curry

2 of 31 Indian Fish Curry

Anne

Indian Fish Curry

3 of 31 Indian Fish Curry

Koolaid

Indian Fish Curry

4 of 31 Indian Fish Curry

Tracy-Ann Bujham

Indian Fish Curry

5 of 31 Indian Fish Curry

Dana

Indian Fish Curry

6 of 31 Indian Fish Curry

Pisha

Indian Fish Curry

7 of 31 Indian Fish Curry

Shawn Chaisson

Indian Fish Curry

8 of 31 Indian Fish Curry

Rasha Alkhatib

Indian Fish Curry

9 of 31 Indian Fish Curry

Angelique

Indian Fish Curry

10 of 31 Indian Fish Curry

Abigail C.

Indian Fish Curry

11 of 31 Indian Fish Curry

Sarah Ellington

Indian Fish Curry

12 of 31 Indian Fish Curry

jennifer-cita

Indian Fish Curry

13 of 31 Indian Fish Curry

Sandi Moran

Indian Fish Curry

14 of 31 Indian Fish Curry

kim

Indian Fish Curry

15 of 31 Indian Fish Curry

Mrs Stroud

Indian Fish Curry

16 of 31 Indian Fish Curry

playswithpaper

Indian Fish Curry

17 of 31 Indian Fish Curry

dchapes

Indian Fish Curry

18 of 31 Indian Fish Curry

johann

Indian Fish Curry

19 of 31 Indian Fish Curry

soumya ch

Indian Fish Curry

20 of 31 Indian Fish Curry

Sod1177

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Indian Fish Curry to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Indian Fish Curry

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

