https://biteswithbri.com/hunan-shrimp/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * About
  * Monthly Recaps
  * Work With Me
  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Recipes
  * Summer Recipes
  * Easy Air Fryer Recipes
  * Instant Pot Recipes
  * Mexican Inspired Recipes
  * About Bri
  * Work With Me

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

×

Bites with Bri » Asian » Hunan Shrimp

# Hunan Shrimp

Published: Mar 15, 2022 · Modified: May 19, 2022 by Brianna May · This post
may contain affiliate links.

  * Facebook
  * Pinterest24
  * Yummly
  * Email
  * Reddit

jump to recipe print recipe

__**_Hunan Shrimp_** _is a delicious Chinese dish that is super easy to
recreate at home. Fried green beans and shrimp are tossed in a savory soy and
chili sauce. Dinner will be on the table in 30 minutes or less!___

I love to recreate my favorite Chinese takeout recipes at home, like my Air
Fryer Orange Chicken or my fried Salted & Pepper Chicken.

This Hunan shrimp recipe is delicious served over steamed rice with a side of
the easiest Air Fryer Frozen Egg Rolls or Air Fryer Frozen Spring Rolls.

Jump to:

  * What is Hunan shrimp?
  * Why You’ll Love This Recipe & What You’ll Learn
  * Ingredient Notes & Substitutions
  * Helpful Equipment & Tools
  * How to Make Hunan Shrimp
  * Make Ahead & Storage
  * Expert Tips
  * Recipe Notes
  * Variations
  * FAQs
  * Related Recipes
  * Hunan Shrimp

## What is Hunan shrimp?

Hunan shrimp is very similar to the classic Chinese dish, Hunan chicken. The
only difference is the protein used.

Hunan sauce is a savory, hot, and slightly tangy sauce made of soy sauce and
chili bean paste, sambal oelek. It reflects the flavors often used in the
Hunan region of China.

Hunan sauce is less sweet compared to Szechuan sauce.

## Why You'll Love This Recipe & What You'll Learn

  * Stir-fried shrimp and green beans are tossed in the most flavorful homemade hunan sauce that is loaded with garlic, ginger, chili garlic paste, and soy sauce. 
  * Honey and oyster sauce add a touch of sweetness to balance the savory ingredients in the sauce. 
  * This shrimp recipe only takes about 30 minutes from start to finish. 
  * Homemade hunan spicy shrimp is much healthier than takeout. 
  * This dish is dairy free.
  * Easy Hunan shrimp is the perfect weeknight family dinner recipe.

## Ingredient Notes & Substitutions

  * **Chicken Stock:** Swap for water.
  *  **Honey:** Swap for granulated sugar. 
  *  **Grapeseed Oil:** Swap for avocado, peanut, canola, or vegetable oil. 
  *  **Toasted Sesame Oil:** Be sure to use TOASTED sesame oil instead. It is a darker color and has more flavor than plain sesame oil. 
  *  **Cornstarch:** This is needed to thicken the sauce.

_Complete list of ingredients and amounts is located on therecipe card below._

## Helpful Equipment & Tools

  * Calphalon Classic Hard-Anodized Nonstick Pots and Pans
  * OXO Good Grips Soft- Handled Garlic Press
  * 2 Pack Black Kitchen Tongs, Premium Silicone

## How to Make Hunan Shrimp

### Quick Overview

  * Make the hunan sauce.
  * Fry the green beans. 
  * Saute the shrimp. 
  * Stir in the sauce.

### Step by Step Instructions

Step 1: In a liquid measuring cup, whisk together the chicken stock, soy,
oyster sauce, chili paste, honey, vinegar, garlic, ginger, and cornstarch.

Step 2: In a large skillet, heat the grapeseed oil over medium high heat.

Step 3: Add the green beans to the oil in a single layer. Fry for 5-7 minutes,
stirring occasionally.

Step 4: Transfer the green beans to a plate lined with a paper towel.

The green beans should begin to brown.

Step 5: Turn the heat down to medium and add the sesame oil.

Step 6: Add the shrimp and saute for 3-4 minutes.

Step 7: Turn the heat to medium low. Add the green beans.

Step 8: Add the sauce and stir continuously, until the sauce has thickened.

There should be brown bits in the bottom of the pan.

The sauce should be sticking to the shrimp and green beans.

## Make Ahead & Storage

  * **Make Ahead:** The sauce can be prepared one day in advance through Step 1 and stored in the refrigerator overnight. 
  *  **Refrigerator:** Store leftover hunan shrimp and green beans in an airtight container for up to 3 days in the refrigerator.

## Expert Tips

  * **Be sure to peel and devein the shrimp.** You can also buy shrimp that are already peeled and deveined to save time. 
  *  **Allow the oil to heat before adding the food.** When you add the green beans, the oil should begin popping or sizzling. 
  *  **Do not stir or move around the food continuously.** In order for the shrimp and green beans to caramelize, they need uninterrupted time with direct heat. 
  *  **Use a paper towel lined plate.** This will soak up any excess oil on the green beans. 
  *  **Serve over rice.** Hunan shrimp should be served over steamed rice so that all of the delicious sauce can be soaked up.

## Recipe Notes

  * **Spice Level:** Medium. Reduce chili garlic paste to 1-2 teaspoons for a milder sauce. 

## Variations

  * **Chicken or beef:** Swap the shrimp for sliced chicken or beef.
  *  **Other veggies:** Use 2-3 cups of whatever vegetables you have on hand, like mushrooms, broccoli, zucchini, onions, bell pepper, etc. Any stir fry vegetables will work.

## FAQs

**Is Hunan spicy?**

Traditionally, yes because of the chili paste. Cooking hunan shrimp at home
allows you to tone down (or increase) the heat level. See the recipe note
above.

**What is Hunan chicken made of?**

Hunan chicken is made with the same sauce as Hunan shrimp. The sauce consists
of soy, oyster sauce, chili paste, vinegar, garlic, and ginger.

**What is the difference between Szechuan and Hunan?**

Szechuan is typically sweeter than Hunan sauce. Hunan is more tart or tangy.

**What is the difference between Kung Pao and Hunan?**

Kung Pao is much milder and sweeter compared to Hunan. It typically included
peanuts which gives it a nuttier flavor.

## Related Recipes

  * Dutch Oven Chili

  * Greek Yogurt Chicken

  * Basil Pasta with Cherry Tomatoes

  * Easy Sausage & Peppers Pasta

PRINT RECIPE PIN RECIPE COMMENT

5 from 3 votes

## Hunan Shrimp

_**Hunan Shrimp**_ _is a delicious Chinese dish that is super easy to recreate
at home. Fried green beans and shrimp are tossed in a savory soy and chili
sauce. Dinner will be on the table in 30 minutes or less!_

Servings2 people

Prep10 minutes

Cook15 minutes

Total20 minutes

Course: Main

Cuisine: Asian

Author: Brianna May

### Ingredients:

#### Hunan Sauce

  * ▢ ⅓ cup chicken stock*
  * ▢ 2 Tablespoons soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 ½ Tablespoons oyster sauce
  * ▢ 1 Tablespoon chili garlic paste
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon honey*
  * ▢ 1 Tablespoons rice vinegar
  * ▢ 3 cloves garlic, pressed
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon ginger paste
  * ▢ 1 Tablespoon cornstarch*

#### Shrimp & Green Beans

  * ▢ 2 Tablespoons grapeseed oil*
  * ▢ 2-3 cups chopped fresh green beans
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil*
  * ▢ 1 pound shrimp, peeled and deveined

#### For Serving

  * ▢ steamed rice
  * ▢ green onions, sliced
  * ▢ sesame seeds

### Instructions:

  * In a liquid measuring cup, whisk together the chicken stock, soy, oyster sauce, chili paste, honey, vinegar, garlic, ginger, and cornstarch.

  * In a large skillet, heat the grapeseed oil over medium high heat.

  * Add the green beans to the oil in a single layer. Fry for 5-7 minutes, stirring occasionally.

  * Transfer the green beans to a plate lined with a paper towel.

  * Turn the heat down to medium and add the sesame oil.

  * Add the shrimp and saute for 3 minutes.

  * Turn the heat to medium low. Add the green beans.

  * Add the sauce and stir continuously, until the sauce has thickened.

### Notes:

 **Chicken Stock:** Swap for water.

**Honey:** Swap for granulated sugar.

**Grapeseed Oil:** Swap for avocado, peanut, canola, or vegetable oil.

**Toasted Sesame Oil:** Be sure to use TOASTED sesame oil instead. It is a
darker color and has more flavor than plain sesame oil.  

**Cornstarch:** This is needed to thicken the sauce.

**Spice Level:** Medium. Reduce chili garlic paste to 1-2 teaspoons for a
milder sauce.

**Make Ahead:** The sauce can be prepared one day in advance through Step 1
and stored in the refrigerator overnight.

**Refrigerator:** Store leftover hunan shrimp and green beans in an airtight
container for up to 3 days in the refrigerator.

**Be sure to peel and devein the shrimp.** You can also buy shrimp that are
already peeled and deveined to save time.

**Allow the oil to heat before adding the food.** When you add the green
beans, the oil should begin popping or sizzling.

**Do not stir or move around the food continuously.** In order for the shrimp
and green beans to caramelize, they need uninterrupted time with direct heat.

**Use a paper towel lined plate.** This will soak up any excess oil on the
green beans.

**Serve over rice.** Hunan shrimp should be served over steamed rice so that
all of the delicious sauce can be soaked up.

### NUTRITION:

Calories: 444kcal | Carbohydrates: 22g | Protein: 51g | Fat: 18g | Saturated
Fat: 2g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 11g | Monounsaturated Fat: 4g | Trans Fat: 1g |
Cholesterol: 366mg | Sodium: 1711mg | Fiber: 3g | Sugar: 8g

Did you make this recipe? Tag me on Instagram!Mention or tag @bites.with.bri_
or use the hashtag #biteswithbri

« Frozen Spring Rolls in Air Fryer

Frozen Meatballs in Air Fryer »

  * Facebook
  * Pinterest24
  * Yummly
  * Email
  * Reddit

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Tiffany M

July 27, 2022 at 6:11 pm

  
Really easy to make, tasted wonderful! Takeout at home. I’ll definitely make
this again!

Reply

    * Brianna May

August 01, 2022 at 9:18 am

Thanks Tiffany!!

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi, I'm Bri!**

I am a recipe developer, food photographer, blogger. My goal is to teach you
how to cook, not just follow my recipes. I love to cook with bold flavors that
are still family friendly. My hubs is a picky eater and all of these recipes
are approved by him, so I am sure you and your family will love them too.
Learn more about Bri >>

Join my email list!>>

### Summer Recipes

  * Rum Moscow Mule

  * No Egg Vanilla Ice Cream Recipe

  * Air Fryer Peach Cobbler

  * Air Fryer Shrimp Tacos

  * Easy Bratwurst in Air Fryer

  * Mango Habanero Salsa

### Top Recipes

  * Lobster Ravioli Sauce

  * Baked Walking Taco Casserole Recipe with Enchilada Sauce

  * Green Chile Beef Enchiladas with Cilantro Cream Sauce

  * Roasted Green Beans and Carrots

  * Easy Air Fryer Chicken Fried Steak Recipe

  * Jalapeño Lime Crema

## Footer

back to top

### About

  * About
  * Privacy Policy

### Newsletter

Sign up for my weekly newsletter!

### Contact

  * Monthly Recaps
  * Work with Me
  * Client Inquiry Form

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2021 Bites with Bri LLC

  *   * 24
  *   *   * 

  *   *   *   *   * 

