https://thesuburbansoapbox.com/easy-hunan-shrimp/


Skip to Main Content

__Submit

____

  * Home
  * About
    * About
    * Contact Me
    * Partner with TSS
    * Food Photography
  * Recipes
    * Recipe Index
    * All Recipes
    * Desserts
    * Dinners
    * Healthy Recipes
    * Vegetarian
    * Gluten-Free
  * Cookbook
  * Healthy Recipes

________

Search __

  * Home
  * About
    * About
    * Contact Me
    * Partner with TSS
    * Food Photography
  * Recipes
    * Recipe Index
    * All Recipes
    * Desserts
    * Dinners
    * Healthy Recipes
    * Vegetarian
    * Gluten-Free
  * Cookbook
  * Healthy Recipes

Home ¬ª Seafood Recipes ¬ª Easy Hunan Shrimp

# Easy Hunan Shrimp

Jump to Recipe

_by_ Kellie August 18, 2020

**_Quick and easy Hunan Shrimp recipe is the ultimate take out fake out.
Spicy_** _**shrimp with veggies are stir fried in a magical sauce for a dinner
that 's ready in about 10 minutes.**_

Once school starts, things start to get hectic around here and dinnertime can
easily fall apart. Take out is, certainly, the easy way out but sometimes
making dinner at home can be just as quick.

Stir frying is a genius way to get dinner on the table in a hurry and this
Hunan Shrimp recipe is faster than delivery.

## HUNAN SHRIMP

Hunan Shrimp is a dish that's commonly found on American Chinese menus. The
flavor is very similar to **this Shrimp Mei Fun** I shared before and is super
popular.

**Hunan**  cuisine, also known as Xiang cuisine, is one of the Eight Great
Traditions of Chinese cuisine and is well known for its hot and spicy flavors,
bright aroma and vibrant colors.

Tender shrimp are cooked in a spicy sauce made of chili bean paste, garlic,
soy sauce, and rice vinegar. Served with green beans and green onions, you can
really add any additional vegetables you have on hand.

## INGREDIENTS

To make Hunan Shrimp you will need the following ingredients.

**Shrimp** - You can use fresh or frozen (thawed) shrimp for this recipe. I
like to buy it already peeled and deveined to save some prep time.

**Cornstarch** - Cornstarch is used to get a crispy coating on your shrimp. It
also helps the sauce stick to the shrimp giving each bite a spicy burst of
flavor.

**Green Beans** - I like to use fresh green beans for this recipe. Frozen will
work, too, but they won't get the charred, blistered skin you get from fresh
beans. They also stay somewhat crisp once cooked. You can also use snow peas,
broccoli and edamame, if you prefer.

**Green Onions** - They're kinda like a staple in stir fry recipes around
here, you can leave them out if you wish.

**Chili Paste** - We use chili paste, also known as Doubanjiang, in a lot of
our take out inspired recipes. It's a great way to add some spice and it's
pretty easy to find at your local grocery store.

**Oyster Sauce** - Oyster sauce is a rich sauce made from boiled oysters and
seasonings. It doesn't taste fishy at all and adds a nice depth of flavor to
your sauce.

**Soy Sauce** - Soy sauce adds a great salty note with a deep, rich flavor.
You can also use Tamari for a gluten free option.

**Rice Wine Vinegar** - Adds a great tangy flavor to the sauce with a subtle
sweetness. If you can't find Rice Vinegar, you can substitute it with Apple
Cider Vinegar.

Other ingredients you will need are **chicken stock,** garlic and sesame
seeds.

## HOW TO MAKE HUNAN SHRIMP

Because you're stir-frying your recipe, the cooking process moves along
quickly. So, be sure to have your ingredients prepped and ready to go so you
don't overcook anything.

**Make the sauce** by whisking the chili paste, oyster sauce, soy sauce, rice
wine vinegar, chicken stock and garlic together.

**Toss the shrimp** in the cornstarch to coat.

**Heat the oil** in a large skillet or wok.

**Cook the shrimp** by stir-frying for 2-3 minutes. Remove the shrimp from the
pan.

**Cook the green beans** , adding more oil to the pan if needed. Stir in the
green onions.

**Return the shrimp** to the pan.

**Stir in the sauce** cooking for 2-3 minutes or until slightly thickened.

**Sprinkle with sesame seeds** and serve over rice.

That's it! How easy is that???

If you're not feeling like shrimp tonight, you can easily replace the shrimp
with chicken for an easy Hunan Chicken recipe.

## MORE TAKE OUT RECIPES

If you love this Hunan Shrimp, you should also try this **easy Mongolian
Beef** recipe. It's slightly spicy but a total favorite with my whole
family‚Ä¶.even the little guy who doesn't like spicy food.

Or try this **easy Beef and Rice Noodle Stir Fry** ‚Ä¶.ultra easy comfort food.
And we also LOVE this **super simple Szechuan Chicken!**

If you want to add a spicy side‚Ä¶ **these easy Dan Dan Noodles** are our
favorite!

## _Get the Recipe:_ Hunan Shrimp Recipe

Yield: 4

Prep Time: 15 mins

Cook Time: 10 mins

Total Time: 25 mins

Quick and easy, Hunan Shrimp is on the table in under 20 minutes from start to
finish. Hot and spicy shrimp in a flavor packed sauce is simple and tasty.

5 from 5 votes

Print Recipe Rate Recipe Pin Recipe

### Ingredients

  * ‚ñ¢ 1 1/2 tablespoon chili paste
  * ‚ñ¢ 2 teaspoons soy sauce
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 teaspoon rice vinegar
  * ‚ñ¢ 1/2 tsp oyster sauce
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 teaspoon honey
  * ‚ñ¢ 1/2 cup chicken stock
  * ‚ñ¢ 2 large garlic cloves, minced
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 lb medium shrimp, peeled and deveined
  * ‚ñ¢ 2 tablespoons cornstarch
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 1/2 tbsp peanut oil, divided, or other oil such as canola oil
  * ‚ñ¢ 2 cups chopped fresh green beans
  * ‚ñ¢ 2 green onions, sliced into 1 inch pieces

### Equipment

  * ‚ñ¢

wok

### Instructions

  * In a medium bowl, whisk together the chili paste, soy sauce, rice vinegar, oyster sauce, honey, chicken stock and garlic.

  * Toss the shrimp in the cornstarch to coat.

  * Heat half the oil in a large skillet or wok over high heat.

  * Add the shrimp to the pan and cook until no longer translucent, approximately 2-3 minutes. Remove from the pan.

  * Add the remaining oil to the pan. Stir in the green beans and cook for 2-3 minutes.

  * Stir in the onions and continue cooking for 1 minute.

  * Return the shrimp to the pan and toss to combine.

  * Stir in the sauce and cook for 2 more minutes or until the sauce thickens.

  * Serve immediately over rice or rice noodles, if desired.

Calories: 217kcal, Carbohydrates: 12g, Protein: 26g, Fat: 7g, Saturated Fat:
1g, Cholesterol: 287mg, Sodium: 1117mg, Potassium: 260mg, Fiber: 1g, Sugar:
4g, Vitamin A: 380IU, Vitamin C: 13mg, Calcium: 187mg, Iron: 3mg

Author: Kellie

Course: Dinner

Cuisine: asian, Chinese, Hunan

_posted in:_ Dinners, Gluten-Free, Healthy Recipes, Recipes, Seafood Recipes,
Vegetarian 6 _comments_

### _‚≠êfree email guide‚≠ê_ Your "Healthy-ish" Meal Plan

Healthy meals don't have to be difficult. Let me show you.

Subscribe __

_¬´ Previous Post_Peanut Butter Rice Krispie Treats with Chocolate

_Next Post ¬ª_ _The Very Best Baked Clams Casino // Video

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Recipe Rating: Recipe Rating:  
  
  
  
  

Name *

Email *

Œî

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

###  6 Comments on "Easy Hunan Shrimp"

  1. **Karmin Tomlinson** -- August 18, 2020 @ 9:25 pm  Reply

You forgot to include the number of green onions in the recipe. Also, how are
they prepared before they are added to the recipe?

    * **Kellie** -- August 19, 2020 @ 7:59 pm  Reply

Oh boy! Thank you so much‚Ä¶..it's 2 and they're added with the green beans.

  2. **Matt Taylor** -- August 19, 2020 @ 11:39 am  Reply

mmm I love shrimp dishes. This one is super delicious and super easy to make.
üôÇ

  3. **Andrea Thueson** -- August 19, 2020 @ 12:48 pm  Reply

MMmm this looks absolutely magical! My family would love this, thank you for
sharing.

    * **Kellie** -- August 19, 2020 @ 7:57 pm  Reply

Thank you!

  4. **Jen** -- August 19, 2020 @ 1:03 pm  Reply

I love that this packs a little bit of heat! So perfect on a busy weeknight.

## Content Sidebar

### _Welcome!_ Hi, I‚Äôm Kellie!

Hi! I'm Kellie and I LOVE food! Creating recipes and happy bellies is my
favorite thing in the world. I believe a good life tastes great and my easy
recipes help make that happen every day. Welcome to my little corner of the
internet!

Read More ¬ª

________

### _‚≠êfree email guide‚≠ê_ Your "Healthy-ish" Meal Plan

Healthy meals don't have to be difficult. Let me show you.

Subscribe __

### What's Hot NOW!

### By Category

By Category Select Category Air Fryer Appetizers Baby/Children Baking Beef
Breads, Buns and Pastries Breakfast Brownies and Bars Brunch Burgers Cakes and
Cupcakes Candy Chicken Recipes Chilly Treats Chips and Dips Cocktails and
Beverages Cookies Desserts Dinners DIY Food/Grocery Items Gluten-Free Grilling
Healthy Recipes Ice Cream Instant Pot Jams, Condiments and Sauces Kitchen Tips
Lifestyle Meat Muffins/Scones Nuts and Nut Butters Parenting Pasta Personal
Services Photography Pies and Tarts Pizza Pork Poultry Products Recipes
Recreation Restaurants Salads Sandwiches Seafood Recipes Side Dish Slow Cooked
Smoothies and Juice Snacks Soups and Stews Travel Uncategorized Vegan
Vegetarian

## get new recipes via email:

Subscribe __

  * ^ Back to Top
  * Home
  * About
  * Contact Me
  * Work with Me
  * Privacy

(C)2022 The Suburban Soapbox. _Design byPurr._

__Submit

