https://www.cookingforkeeps.com/hunan-shrimp/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

**Trending:** Healthy New Year

  * About
  * Shop
  * Work with Me
  * Contact

Cooking for Keeps

  * All Recipes
  * Course
    * Appetizers
    * Bread
    * Breakfast
    * Casseroles
    * Cocktails
    * Dips
    * Main Course
    * Pasta
    * Salads
    * Sandwiches
    * Sauces
    * Side Dishes
    * Soups & Stews
    * Stir Fries
    * Sweets
  * Protein
    * Beef/Lamb
    * Chicken/Poultry
    * Pork
    * Seafood
    * Vegetarian
  * Method
    * Casseroles
    * Slow-Cooker
    * Grilling
    * Minimal Ingredients
    * Quick
    * Air Fryer/Instant Pot
    * Oven
    * No cook
    * Stovetop
    * Kid Friendly
    * Dinner Party Worthy
    * One Pan

Search

Display Search Bar

Home Asian

Easy easy

# Hunan Shrimp

Jump to Recipe

  * Save to Pinterest

By: Nicole 2 Comments  
Posted: 04/03/20 Updated: 01/02/22

This post may contain affiliate links. Please read my disclosure policy.

_**Hunan Shrimp** is a hot and spicy shrimp dish packed with flavor from chili
bean paste, garlic, soy sauce, and rice vinegar. The spicy plump shrimp are
served with blistered green beans and green onions, and served over sticky
brown rice. Ready in 20 minutes or less! _

## Hunan Shrimp

You may be asking yourself, "Does this girl ever get tired of eating Asian
food?" That answer is a big, resounding, "Never!" There's a reason a variety
of Asian recipes like this Thai Peanut Chicken Salad these Teriyaki Chicken
Bowls and this General Tso Shrimp seem to be compounding themselves in the
recipe archives of Cooking for Keeps, and that's because they're so darn easy
to make. Oh, and they're delicious too.

Today's dish of choice is Szechuan chicken's spicier cousin, Hunan Shrimp. A
fiery, saucy, red chili-inspired stir-fry packed with garlic, crispy plump
shrimp, and crisp green beans. Because we prefer the shrimp and green beans to
be the star of the show, this easy Asian dish is simply paired with steamed
brown or white rice (go with brown!).

## What is Hunan Shrimp?

There seems to be a lot of confusion out there on what exactly Hunan shrimp
is. I was confused as well. There's so many different styles of cooking when
it comes to Asian food, it's hard to tell them apart. Even more than that
Szechuan chicken or shrimp and Hunan Shrimp or Chicken is so similar, it's
nearly impossible to tell the difference. Here's the knowledge I've acquired
over time:

  * Both Hunan Shrimp and Szechuan Shrimp are made with a fermented red chili paste, I like to use Doubanjiang (the main ingredient in our Ants Climbing a Tree.)
  * They both have notes of garlic, rice vinegar or sherry, ketchup, and soy sauce.   
  * Szechuan Shrimp has notes of sweetness with the addition of honey or brown sugar to balance out all the spice. 
  * Hunan shrimp on the other hand, has no added sweetners, so it's slightly hotter than Szechuan shrimp. 

So in a nutshell, Hunan shrimp is a spicy stir fry made with chili paste,
garlic, rice vinegar, and soy sauce. It's salty, spicy, and most importantly,
delicious.

## Ingredients in Hunan Shrimp

**Shrimp.** I'm partial to Argentinean shrimp, which are large and lobster-
like in taste and texture, but use whatever shrimp you have available to you.
Frozen, fresh, anything works! Just make sure to get one pound total.

**Cornstarch**. To get a slightly crispy exterior, prior to cooking we dip dry
shrimp in cornstarch. We also use cornstarch to thicken the sauce when
everything gets cooked together.

**Oil.** Traditionally you want to use a neutral oil like peanut or canola
oil, but I actually like to use sesame oil if I have it on hand. You may not
be able to distinguish it in the end, but it adds another layer of flavor in
the cooking process.

**Green Beans**. You could really use any vegetable here, but for me, spicy
shrimp + green beans is the perfect duo. I love how the green beans get a
little charred on the outside, but still retain their crunch throughout the
cooking process.

**Green onions.** I like to slice my green onions on the bias in about two-
inch pieces. I add them right at the end so they start to soften, but still
have a slight bite to them.

**Garlic.**  

**Chili paste**. Since Hunan shrimp is a szechuan dish, I stuck with the same
chili paste you would use in a traditional szechuan recipe which is a
fermented chili bean paste called Doubanjiang. Some grocery stores may have
it, but your best bet is to order it on Amazon. If you already have Gochujang
or Sambal Oelek in your pantry, you can use those as well.

**Tamari.** As I've mentioned before, tamari is a less salty, more savory, and
(most of the time) gluten-free version of soy sauce. I prefer it to soy sauce
as I think it adds a richer flavor to dishes, but of course, if soy sauce is
all you have on hand, use that.

**Chicken stock.** Chicken stock creates a more sauce-like texture, use more
if you like a loose sauce. Make sure to buy a version that's low-sodium so you
can control the amount of salt that goes into the dish.

**Rice vinegar.** I love the tanginess rice vinegar adds to this Hunan shrimp.
A little goes a long way, but if you taste it, and think it needs more, add a
few more teaspoons.

## How to Make Hunan Shrimp

**Cook the rice**. I highly recommend investing in a Rice Cooker. It makes THE
MOST PERFECT rice. It's sticky, fluffy, and cooks perfectly every single time.
I love it. It's one of those appliances I never knew I needed until I had it.
Of course, if you don't have a rice maker, you can just cook short grain brown
rice according to the package instructions.

**Make the sauce.** Add chili paste, soy sauce, rice vinegar and cornstarch to
a small bowl. Whisk to combine. Add in chicken stock, whisk to combine.

**Coat the shrimp.** The shrimp in Hunan shrimp are just slightly crispy, and
that's due to a light coating in cornstarch. Make sure the shrimp are all
super dry before seasoning them with salt and pepper and tossing them with a
little bit of cornstarch.

**Stir-fry the shrimp.** Heat a large wok or skillet to a high heat. Add a
little bit of oil. Swirl it around in the pan. Add in the shrimp and use a
spatula to stir-fry the shrimp until they're pink and almost all the way
cooked through. Remove.

**Stir-fry the green beans.** Add a little bit more oil to the wok. Swirl it
around and add the green beans. Stir-fry until they start to blister and
soften, 3-4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add the green onions and
stir-fry for another minute.

**Finish it off!** Add the shrimp back to the wok along with the sauce.
Continue to stir the shrimp, veggies, and sauce until the sauce thickens,
about 1-2 minutes. Serve over rice.

## Can I make Hunan Shrimp in Advance?

Unfortunately, no. I wouldn't recommend making Hunan shrimp in advance. Shrimp
do not reheat well, the end.

## Substitutions and Tips and Tricks for Recipe Success

  * Swap out the shrimp for chicken, to make a classic Hunan Chicken. 
  * Use any veggie you have on hand instead of green beans. Bell peppers, broccoli, or asparagus would be great substitutions. 
  * Feel free to use soy sauce instead of tamari
  * Use any type of chili bean paste you can find. If you only have sambal oelek or sriracha, you can use that as well.

## Pretty things/Tools Used in Today's Post

  * Carbon Steel Wok 
  * Sichuan Pixian Boad Bean Paste 
  * Rice Cooker

## Other easy Asian dishes

  * These 5-Ingredient Peanut Noodles are made with all pantry staples and come together in about 25 minutes. 
  * If you're looking for a beef option, look no further than this Crispy Honey Beef with Snow Peas.
  * These Easy Peanut Chicken Lettuce Wraps are one of my favorite healthy asian dishes. Packed with ground chicken, tons of veggies, and the most delicious peanut sauce.  



4 from 1 vote

## Hunan Shrimp

Prep: 5 minutes

Cook: 20 minutes

0 minutes

Total: 25 minutes

  * Pin It

Print Rate Email

_**Hunan Shrimp**_ _is a hot and spicy shrimp dish packed with flavor from
chili bean paste, garlic, soy sauce, and rice vinegar. The spicy plump shrimp
are served with blistered green beans and green onions, and served over sticky
brown rice. Ready in 20 minutes or less!_

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

2 people

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 2 tsp Doubanjiang or another chili bean paste
  * ▢ 2 tsp tamari
  * ▢ 1 tsp rice vinegar
  * ▢ 1/2 tsp oyster sauce (no big deal if you don't have this)
  * ▢ 1 tsp ketchup 
  * ▢ 2  tbsp + 2 tsp cornstarch, divided
  * ▢ 1/2 cup chicken stock
  * ▢ 1 lb large shrimp, peeled and deveined and tails removed
  * ▢ 1 1/2 tbsp canola oil, divided
  * ▢ 2 cups chopped fresh green beans
  * ▢ 2 large garlic cloves, minced
  * ▢ 1 cup cooked brown rice, white rice, or noodles

### Equipment

  * Wok

### Instructions

  * Add Doubanjiang, tamari, rice vinegar, oyster sauce, and ketchup to a small bowl. Whisk to combine. Add 2 teaspoons cornstarch, whisk to combine. Add in chicken stock, whisk to combine. Set aside. 

  * Pat shrimp dry. Season with salt and pepper. Sprinkle with cornstarch on both sides. Heat a a large wok or non-stick pan to a high heat. Add 1 tablespoon of oil and swirl the pan to coat. Add shrimp. Stir-fry (use a spatula to continuously move the shrimp around and cook in the oil) shrimp until pink, about 2-3 minutes. Remove from pan. Set aisde. 

  * Add remaining oil to the pan, swirl to coat. Add green beans. Stir-fry until they start to blister and soften, about 3-4 minutes. Season with salt and pepper. Add garlic and green onions, cook another minute. Add shrimp back to the pan along with the sauce. Continue to toss the shrimp and veggies in the sauce until it thickend, about 2 minutes. You may need to let it simmer for 30 seconds or so. 

  * Serve with rice. 

### Nutrition Information

Serving: 1serving, Calories: 502kcal (25%), Carbohydrates: 36g (12%), Protein:
53g (106%), Fat: 15g (23%), Saturated Fat: 2g (13%), Cholesterol: 573mg
(191%), Sodium: 2256mg (98%), Potassium: 572mg (16%), Fiber: 5g (21%), Sugar:
6g (7%), Vitamin A: 759IU (15%), Vitamin C: 24mg (29%), Calcium: 385mg (39%),
Iron: 7mg (39%)

© Author: Nicole

##  Did You Make This?

Be sure to upload a photo & tag me at @CookingForKeeps. I love seeing what you
made!

Tag Me On Instagram Rate Recipe



#### Meet Nicole

Welcome! My lifelong passion for delicious food and cooking has evolved over
time into an equal love of showing you an elevated meal can be easy,
approachable and most importantly, tasty. Dive in and find something perfect
for you and your family!

Read more...

### You May Also Like...

  * Shrimp Fried Rice

  * Caramel Shrimp with Coconut Rice

  * Easy Shrimp and Grits Recipe

###  Never miss a recipe!

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Email *

GDPR Agreement *

  * I consent to receive emails from Cooking for Keeps *

Join now!

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Have a question? Submit your question or comment below.

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment: *

Name: *

Email: *

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

  1. Chef Heather says

Posted on 9/14/21 at 5:42 pm

  
Using chickens stock in this recipe is unfortunately a very, very (very!) bad
idea. Chef here-NEVER use commercial chicken stock as it's laced with varying
degrees of salmonella.

NEVER use chicken stock with seafood dishes-ever. Either use veggie stock or
seafood stock!

Reply

  2. Dee Dee says

Posted on 1/26/22 at 12:18 am

  
I've been cooking for 42 years and haven't killed anyone yet by using
commercial chicken stock with seafood. Lighten up Heather. The dish is
fabulous just as written.

Reply

## Primary Sidebar

###  Meet Nicole

Welcome! My lifelong passion for delicious food and cooking has evolved into
an equal love of showing you easy elevated meals can be approachable and most
importantly, tasty.

Read More

### Browse by Difficulty

Easy easy Medium medium Advanced hard

### Reader Favorites

###  Best Chicken Enchilada Recipe

###  Italian Stromboli (5 Ingredients!)

###  French Onion Chicken Skillet

###  One Pot Turkey Mexican Pasta

###  Subscribe to latest recipe updates

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Email *

GDPR Agreement *

  * I consent to receive emails from Cooking for Keeps *

Join now!

### Trending

###  Coconut Curry Meatballs

###  Bulgogi Beef Lettuce Wraps

###  Creamy Chicken Tortilla Soup

###  Stuffed Pasta Shells with Ground Beef and Spinach

##  Never miss a recipe!

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Email *

GDPR Agreement *

  * I consent to receive emails from Cooking for Keeps *

Join now!

##  By Course

###  Appetizers

###  Breakfast

###  Quick and Easy

###  Main Course

###  Soups

###  Salads

###  Side Dishes

###  Sweets

##  Explore

###  About Nicole

###  Shop Favorites

###  Press

###  Work With Me

###  Privacy Policy

###  Accessibility

###  Contact

(C) 2022 Cooking for Keeps

Site Credits Designed by Melissa Rose Design Developed by Once Coupled

Back to Top

