https://thebigmansworld.com/hunan-shrimp/


  * About Me
  * Contact Me

  * pinterest
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Email
  * Twitter

Search for:

  * All recipes
  * Breakfast
  * Snacks
  * Main Dishes
  * Dessert
  * Keto

  *     * pinterest
    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Email
    * Twitter

  * Search for:

  *   * About Me
  * Contact Me
  * All Recipes
    * Healthy Breakfast Recipes
    * Appetizers and Sides
    * Drinks and Cocktail Recipes
    * Main Dishes
    * Snacks
    * Healthy Dessert Recipes
    * recipe
  * Healthy Breakfast Recipes
  * Main Dishes
  * Snacks
  * Healthy Dessert Recipes
  * Appetizers and Sides
  * Keto Recipes
  * Vegan Recipes

Home » Main Dishes » Seafood » Hunan Shrimp

# Hunan Shrimp

Arman

January 24, 2022January 24, 2022

0

5 from 5 votes

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

_This Hunan shrimp is a quick and easy stir-fry that has the most DELICIOUS
sweet and spicy Hunan style sauce! 10 minutes, minimal prep, and secretly low
carb!_

## Hunan Shrimp

Growing up, Chinese food was a staple in our household.

Coming from a half Asian background, we ate traditional and family shared
recipes for many of our meals. As we have origins from the Hunan province of
China, we specifically ate foods from that region. These include **Hunan
chicken**, **Hunan beef**, and my favorite Hunan shrimp.

## What is shrimp Hunan style?

Hunan style shrimp is a seafood based stir fry derived from the Hunan province
of China. Its flavors are slightly sweet and slightly spicy, and uses a mix of
fish sauce and soy sauce. Compared to other stir-fries, it uses real chili
paste in it, often as sambal oelek.

Now, depending on where in the world you are, the spice level of this dish
varies, but they all maintain the key elements needed. Besides, like any good
**stir fry** , you can always add more spice or heat, if you prefer.

This Hunan shrimp recipe is my favorite thing to make when I have minimal time
and want something quick and easy for dinner. Like all my other **healthy
dinner ideas**, they take less than 10 minutes to make.

## What is Hunan shrimp made of?

### For the stir-fry.

  * **Large shrimp** - While small shrimp will work, I prefer the larger variety, as it gives the stir-fry a more 'meaty' texture. Remove the tails before cooking. 
  *  **Almond flour or flour** - To lightly dust on the shrimp before frying. This also helps the Hunan sauce stick to them. 
  *  **Oil** - Any neutral flavored oil with a high smoke point is great, like peanut or safflower oil.
  *  **Ginger and garlic** - Must have vegetables in any stir fry.
  *  **Broccoli, bell peppers, and onion** - My favorite vegetables to include in this stir fry. Any vegetables can be used, like cauliflower or zucchini. 

### For the Hunan style sauce.

  * **Fish broth** - Enhances the seafood flavor. You can use chicken or beef broth if preferred. 
  *  **Soy sauce** - Use tamari or gluten free soy sauce, if needed. 
  *  **Fish sauce** - Adds a delicious umami flavor. A small amount goes a long way, so don't be heavy handed with it. 
  *  **White vinegar** - Balances out the salty and sweet flavors. 
  *  **Brown sugar** - Any sweetener works, including a **brown sugar substitute**. 
  *  **Chili paste** - Adds a subtle spicy kick. 
  *  **Xanthan gum OR cornstarch** - To thicken the sauce. I used xanthan gum to keep it keto friendly, but cornstarch also works. 

## How do you make this recipe?

Start by preparing the Hunan sauce. In a small bowl, whisk together all the
ingredients until combined. Set it aside to thicken. Next, lightly dusting the
shrimp with the flour. Add the oil to a non-stick pan and place it over medium
heat. Once hot, add the shrimp and cook for 3-4 minutes, flipping halfway
through. Remove the shrimp from the pan.

Now, add more oil to the same pan, then add the ginger and garlic and stir fry
for two minutes, until fragrant. Add the remaining vegetables and cook for
several minutes until tender.

Finally, add the shrimp back into the pan and mix into the vegetables. Pour
the Hunan sauce all over it let everything simmer for several minutes, before
serving immediately.

## Storing, freezing, and reheating instructions

  * **To store** : Leftovers will keep well refrigerated in a sealed container for up to five days. 
  *  **To freeze** : Place the cooked and cooled stir fry in an airtight container and store it in the freezer for up to two months. 
  *  **Reheating** : Microwave the stir fry in 30-second spurts until warm, or in a non-stick pan. 

## More easy dinner recipes to try

  * **Keto Pad Thai**
  *  **Coconut curry shrimp**
  *  **Crack chicken**
  *  **Salmon**
  *  **Chicken pasta**

## Frequently Asked Questions

**What does Hunan shrimp taste like?**

Hunan shrimp has umami and slightly spices, all balanced out by the brown
sugar (or sugar substitute). The sauce sticks to the shrimp making them even
more juicy.

**Is Chinese shrimp healthy?**

Chinese shrimp recipes, when made correctly, are healthier than most. They are
packed with protein and plenty of vegetables, and the sauces typically contain
minimal added fat.

**What 's the difference between Hunan shrimp and Szechuan shrimp?**

Hunan shrimp has a spicier flavor, whereas Szechuan shrimp has a more peppery
punch, thanks to the use of peppercorns.

## Hunan Shrimp (Low carb!)

This Hunan shrimp is a quick and easy stir-fry that has the most DELICIOUS
sweet and spicy Hunan style sauce! 10 minutes, minimal prep, and secretly low
carb!

5 from 5 votes

Print Rate

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: American, Chinese

Prep Time: 1 minute

Cook Time: 9 minutes

Total Time: 10 minutes

Servings: 4 servings

Calories: 223kcal

Author: Arman

### Ingredients

#### For the stir fry

  * 1 lb shrimp shelled and tails removed
  * 1 tablespoon almond flour or flour
  * 1 tablespoon oil
  * 1 tablespoon sesame oil
  * 2 cloves garlic minced
  * 1 tablespoon ginger minced
  * 3 cups broccoli chopped
  * 1 large bell pepper sliced
  * 1/2 small onion diced

#### For the Hunan style sauce

  * 1/2 cup fish broth or chicken broth
  * 3 tablespoons soy sauce
  * 1 tablespoon fish sauce
  * 1 tablespoon white vinegar
  * 2 tablespoons brown sugar or sugar free alternative
  * 2 tablespoons chili paste I used sambal oelek
  * 1/2 teaspoon xanthan gum or cornstarch

### Instructions

  * Make the Hunan sauce by whisking together all the ingredients until combined. 

  * In a small bowl, add the shrimp with the flour and mix until combined. 

  * Add the oil into a non-stick pan and place over medium heat. Once hot, add the shrimp and cook for 2-3 minutes, flipping halfway through. Remove the shrimp from the pan. 

  * Add the sesame oil into the same pan, then add the garlic and ginger. Cook for 1-2 minutes, until fragrant. Add the remaining vegetables and cook for 3-4 minutes, until tender. 

  * Add the shrimp back into the pan and mix until combined. Pour the Hunan style sauce over it and cook everything for a further five minutes. 

  * Remove the pan off the heat and serve immediately. 

### Notes

 **TO STORE** : Leftovers will keep well refrigerated in a sealed container
for up to five days.

**TO FREEZE** : Place the cooked and cooled stir fry in an airtight container
and store it in the freezer for up to two months.

**TO REHEAT** : Microwave the stir fry in 30-second spurts until warm, or in a
non-stick pan.

### Nutrition

Serving: 1serving | Calories: 223kcal | Carbohydrates: 8g | Protein: 27g |
Fat: 9g | Sodium: 1278mg | Potassium: 670mg | Fiber: 4g | Vitamin A: 1710IU |
Vitamin C: 114mg | Calcium: 121mg | Iron: 2mg | NET CARBS: 4g

Tried this recipe?Give us a shout at @thebigmansworld or tag #thebigmansworld!

  * Pin
  * Share

Share This Post To Friends Close

Send Email

This post may contain affiliate links.

### Categories:

Gluten Free Recipes Keto Recipes Main Dishes recipe Seafood

##  SUBSCRIBE NOW

Never miss a recipe!

## Comments

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of
Service apply.

Name *

Email *

Website

Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

Notify me of new posts by email.

Δ

## G’day, I’m Arman!

Thanks for stopping by The Big Man’s World ®. My name is Arman Liew, and I’m
stoked to have you here! Here you’ll find delicious HEALTHY recipes,
inspirational travel, and lifestyle, all served with a side of cheeky banter.

ABOUT ARMAN

  * pinterest
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Email
  * Twitter

Search for:

## MAKE THESE NOW!

###  Keto Bagels

###  Keto Pizza

###  Keto Cheesecake

###  Keto Cereal

###  Keto Bread

###  Keto Tortillas

###  Keto Pancakes

###  Keto Pasta

###  All Recipes

###  EASY DINNER RECIPES

###  KETO DESSERT RECIPES

###  KETO APPETIZER RECIPES

###  AIR FRYER RECIPES

##  SUBSCRIBE NOW

Never miss a recipe!

##  as seen on...

  *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   * 

BACK TO TOP

  * pinterest
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Email
  * Twitter

  * pinterest
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Email
  * Twitter

COPYRIGHT (C) 2022 THE BIG MAN’S WORLD ® -- PRIVACY POLICY

