https://bakeitwithlove.com/hunan-shrimp/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * Recipes
  * Dinners
  * Desserts
  * About
    * Contact Us
  * Subscribe
  * Search

Bake It With Love

menu icon

  * Recipes
  * Dinners
  * Desserts
  * About
    * Contact Us
  * Subscribe

* ## Join Us!

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Recipes
  * Dinners
  * Desserts
  * About
    * Contact Us
  * Subscribe

* ## Join Us!

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

Ã—

Home Â» Recipes Â» Main Dish

Angela @ BakeItWithLove.com Â· Leave a Comment

# Hunan Shrimp

Share This Recipe!

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin
  * Yummly
  * LinkedIn
  * Reddit

Jump to Recipe

_**This hot and spicy Hunan Shrimp is a combination of tender shrimp that have
been wok fried then coated in a flavorful Hunan sauce! Serve up your Hunan
shrimp with stir fried vegetables and rice for a light and healthy family
meal! Even better, you can make this 20-minute dinner in less time than it
takes to run to your local Chinese food restaurant!**_

Deliciously spicy Hunan Shrimp is a wonderful light dinner to serve up with
steamed or wok fried vegetables and rice!

This super easy to make spicy wok shrimp dinner is one of my family's
favorites! It truly delivers that Hunan heat in a flavor packed way with my
favorite chili oil and chili paste **as sauce ingredients**!

If you really want to **go for the max effect** _(and maybe some tears)_ fry
the chili peppers in your heated wok oil as suggested in the recipe below. The
quick cook on the peppers adds another layer of flavor to this fantastic Hunan
shrimp!

Now, despite talking about how hot this Chinese shrimp recipe is, I can also
say that my daughter **loves this shrimp dish** _(and all things Hunan
flavored)_!

Jump to:

  * ðŸ¥˜ Ingredients
  * ðŸ”ª Step-By-Step Instructions
  * ðŸ’­ Angela's Tips & Recipe Notes
  * ðŸ¥¡ Other Great Take Out Dishes
  * ðŸ“‹ Recipe

## ðŸ¥˜ Ingredients

### Hunan Shrimp

  * **Shrimp** \- Peeled and de-veined, tail on or off - thawed, if frozen.
  *  **Peanut Oil**
  *  **Garlic**
  *  **Ginger**

### Shrimp Marinade

  * **Cornstarch**
  *  **Oyster Sauce**
  *  **Salt**

### Hunan Shrimp Sauce

  * **Shaoxing Wine** \- Or use Rice Wine, Mirin _(1 tablespoon only)_ , or a dry Sherry cooking wine.
  *  **Soy Sauce**
  *  **Hot Chili Oil** \- I use Roland hot chili oil.
  *  **Chili Paste** \- I use Sambal Oelek.
  *  **Sugar**
  *  **Thai Chile Peppers** \- Optional, whole, sliced, or crushed.
  *  **Green Onions** \- Optional, chopped, for garnish.

## ðŸ”ª Step-By-Step Instructions

  1. Start with preparing your shrimp. If you have fresh shrimp, rinse, peel, de-vein the shrimp as needed. 
  2. Once your shrimp are ready, mix the marinade in a medium bowl by combining the cool or cold water with cornstarch and adding the oyster sauce and salt. 
  3. Transfer your shrimp into the marinade, and stir to coat the shrimp thoroughly. 
  4. Cover the bowl with some plastic cling film wrap and place it in the refrigerator to **marinate for about 30 minutes**.
  5.  **Make your sauce while you marinate the shrimp.** Combine all of the **Hunan-style sauce ingredients** in a small bowl, including Shaoxing wine, soy sauce, hot chili oil, chili paste, and sugar. Set aside until the shrimp are cooked. _*Rice wine or a dry cooking sherry can be used as an alternate to the Shaoxing wine, or use only 1 tablespoon of Mirin as a substitute._
  6.  **To cook the shrimp with Hunan sauce** , heat your wok, large skillet, or non-stick frying pan **over high heat** with the peanut oil. Strain off excess marinade from the shrimp before placing them into the heated cooking oil. 
  7. Stir the shrimp once, then spread them out as evenly as possible and allow them to cook for one minute. Discard any remaining marinade.
  8. Turn the cooked shrimp and continue to stir fry until there is **no longer any visible pink** on the shrimp. 
  9. Add the minced garlic and crushed ginger and toss with the shrimp.
  10. Drizzle the sauce over the shrimp, then stir to combine. Allow the shrimp with sauce to cook for 1 - 2 minutes, or until bubbling and the sauce has **thickened slightly**.
  11. Remove from heat and serve with steamed or stir-fried vegetables, over a bed of rice. Garnish with **sliced green onions** , if desired.

Serve with **jasmine rice** , **fried rice** or **noodles**.

## ðŸ’­ Angela's Tips & Recipe Notes

  * If you are using frozen shrimp, make sure that they are **thawed completely** before cooking.
  * If your shrimp has tails on, it is up to your preference if you would like the tails on or off. For ease of eating these Chinese Hunan shrimp as a meal, I would remove the tails.
  * I have made these as an appetizer and used **jumbo prawns** with the tail left in place. They make great finger food that way!

## ðŸ¥¡ Other Great Take Out Dishes

  * **Hunan Beef**
  *  **Crab Rangoons**
  *  **Hibachi Fried Rice**
  *  **Egg Rolls**
  *  **Won-Tons** with **Yum Yum Sauce**!

Do you love a recipe you tried? Please leave **a 5-star  ðŸŒŸrating **in the
recipe card below and/or a review in the comments section further down the
page.  
  
**Stay in touch with me** through social media @  **Pinterest**,
**Facebook**, **Instagram**, or **Twitter**! Don't forget to tag me when you
try one of my recipes!

## ðŸ“‹ Recipe

Print Recipe Leave A Comment

Love This Recipe?Click On A Star To Rate It!

4.89 from 9 reviews

## Hunan Shrimp

This hot and spicy Hunan Shrimp is a combination of tender shrimp that have
been wok fried then coated in a flavorful Hunan sauce! Serve up your Hunan
shrimp with stir fried vegetables and rice for a light and healthy family
meal! Even better, you can make this 20 minute dinner in less time than it
takes to run to your local Chinese food restaurant!

Author | Angela

Servings: 6 servings

Calories: 167kcal

Cost: $9.49

Prep 5 minutes

Cooking 5 minutes

Marinade Time 10 minutes

Total Time 20 minutes

Pin Recipe Share on Facebook

##

Ingredients



US CustomaryMetric

1x2x3x

### Hunan Shrimp

  * â–¢ 1 lb large shrimp (peeled and deveined, tail on or off - thawed, if frozen)
  * â–¢ 3 tablespoon peanut oil
  * â–¢ 2 tablespoon garlic (finely minced or crushed)
  * â–¢ 1 tablespoon ginger (grated)

### Shrimp Marinade

  * â–¢ 2 tablespoon cool water (to combine with cornstarch)
  * â–¢ 1 tablespoon cornstarch
  * â–¢ 2 teaspoon oyster sauce
  * â–¢ 1 teaspoon salt

### Hunan Shrimp Sauce

  * â–¢ 2 tablespoon Shaoxing wine (or use Rice Wine, Mirin (1 tablespoon only), or a dry Sherry cooking wine)
  * â–¢ 2 teaspoon soy sauce
  * â–¢ 1 teaspoon hot chili oil (I use Roland hot chili oil)
  * â–¢ 1 teaspoon chili paste (I use Sambal Oelek)
  * â–¢ 1 teaspoon sugar
  * â–¢ 8 Thai chile peppers (optional - whole, sliced, or crushed)
  * â–¢ 2 green onions (optional - chopped, for garnish)

##

Instructions

  * If you are using fresh shrimp, clean them so that they are peeled and deveined. The tail can be removed for ease of enjoying them as a meal, or left on if you would like to make these _(using jumbo shrimp potentially for an appetizer)_. 

  * In a medium mixing bowl combine the marinade ingredients _(water, cornstarch, oyster sauce and salt)_ then transfer the shrimp into the marinade. Turn to coat thoroughly, cover with plastic cling film wrap and refrigerate for at least 10 minutes to marinate.

  * In a small bowl, combine the sauce ingredients _(Shaoxing wine, soy sauce, hot chili oil, chili paste and sugar)_. Set aside.

  * Heat your wok, large skillet or non-stick frying pan with the peanut oil over high heat. Once the oil shimmers and is just beginning to lightly smoke, roll the oil around the wok edges to coat. 

  * Add the _(optional)_ Thai chile peppers and cook briefly, about 30 seconds or until the peppers darken from their deep red to a brick red coloring. Remove from the oil and set aside.

  * Use a slotted spoon to drain off the excess marinade, transfer the marinated shrimp into the heated oil. Stir to mix, then spread the shrimp out as evenly as possible. Cook the shrimp for about 1 minute, then turn and mix the shrimp until no longer pink. Discard any remaining marinade.

  * Add the garlic and ginger, then toss with the shrimp. Stir your Hunan shrimp sauce and then drizzle it over the shrimp. Stir to coat all of the ingredients. Allow the sauce to cook for about 2 minutes, or until bubbling and thickened slightly.

  * Remove the Hunan shrimp from heat and serve immediately. Serve over rice garnished with chopped green onions, if desired.

##

Notes

 _*This is a very lightly coated version of Hunan Shrimp, to get a thicker
fried shrimp, add an egg to the marinade. Dip the marinated shrimp into
cornstarch before placing into approximately Â¼ cup of heated cooking oil to
deep fry the shrimp. Remove to a paper towel lined plate before continuing
with the recipe._

###

Nutrition

Calories: 167kcal (8%) | Carbohydrates: 4g (1%) | Protein: 16g (32%) | Fat: 8g
(12%) | Saturated Fat: 1g (6%) | Cholesterol: 191mg (64%) | Sodium: 1143mg
(50%) | Potassium: 96mg (3%) | Fiber: 1g (4%) | Sugar: 1g (1%) | Vitamin A:
87IU (2%) | Vitamin C: 14mg (17%) | Calcium: 117mg (12%) | Iron: 2mg (11%)

Did you try this recipe? Rate it below!I canâ€™t wait to see your results!
Mention @bake_it_with_love or tag #bake_it_with_love!

Course Appetizer, Dinner Recipes, Main Dish, Seafood

Cuisine Chinese

Angela @ BakeItWithLove.com

Angela is an at home chef that developed a passion for all things cooking and
baking at a young age in her Grandma's kitchen. After many years in the food
service industry, she now enjoys sharing all of her family favorite recipes
and creating tasty dinner and amazing dessert recipes here at Bake It With
Love!

bakeitwithlove.com/about/

Â« Air Fryer Rotisserie Chicken

Rice Krispies Treats Â»

Share This Recipe!

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin
  * Yummly
  * LinkedIn
  * Reddit

## Reader Interactions

### Thanks for coming! Let me know what you think: Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name

Email

Î”

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

English

Arabic Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English French German Italian Japanese
Korean Portuguese Russian Turkish

**Hi there, I'm Angela!** I am an avid vintage cookbook collector, recipe
creator, animal lover, and total foodie. I love sharing recipes that are new,
fun, and creative as well as great classic recipes just like my Grandma used
to make!

More about me â†’

### Roast Dinners

  * Oven Roasted Prime Rib with Dry Rib Rub

  * Smoked Bison Prime Rib

  * Venison Tenderloin Roast

  * Sunday Dinner Ideas

  * Pork Ribeye Roast

  * Baked Pork Tenderloin

### Reader Favorites

  * Avocado Egg Bake (Breakfast Bake)

  * Best Chicken Tortilla Soup

  * Panda Express Shanghai Angus Steak

  * Pan Seared Ribeye Steak

  * Bacon Wrapped Meatloaf

  * Strawberry Shortcake

DISCLAIMER: As an Amazon Associate, I earn a commission from qualifying
purchases at no added cost to you.

## Footer

â†‘ back to top

### About

  * About Angela
  * Privacy Policy
  * Work With Me
  * Contact
  * FAQ
  * Home
  * Accessibility Statement

### Subscribe

### Stay in Touch!

* indicates required

Email Address *

### Read

  * Collections
  * Conversions
  * Food That Starts With
  * Substitutions
  * Food Info
  * Web Stories

Copyright Â© 2022 Bake It With Love

