https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/141833/thai-green-curry-chicken/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. World Cuisine
  4. Asian
  5. Thai
  6. Thai Green Curry Chicken

# Thai Green Curry Chicken

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.5

574 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 386 
  * 4 star values: 144 
  * 3 star values: 24 
  * 2 star values: 15 
  * 1 star values: 5 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 574 Ratings 
  * 411 Reviews 
  * 60 Photos 

This Thai green curry recipe never fails to please! It is quick and easy to
make and the chicken stays moist and tender. Serve over jasmine rice for a
satisfying meal.

Recipe by laus

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Thai Green Curry Chicken

Credit: ahartfie

Add Photo

Thai Green Curry Chicken Doreen Mahoney

Thai Green Curry Chicken Laurahallie

Thai Green Curry Chicken Scott Newell

Thai Green Curry Chicken Tamara Batta

\+ 56 56 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

20 mins

cook:

40 mins

total:

1 hr

Servings:

4

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

4

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 4 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce 
  * 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour 
  * 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - cut into 1 inch cubes 
  * 2 tablespoons cooking oil 
  * 2 tablespoons green curry paste 
  * 2 green onions with tops, chopped 
  * 3 cloves garlic, peeled and chopped 
  * 1 teaspoon fresh ginger, peeled and finely chopped 
  * 2 cups coconut milk 
  * 2 tablespoons white sugar 
  * 1 tablespoon fish sauce 
  * 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce 
  * ½ cup cilantro leaves, for garnish 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Pour 1 tablespoon soy sauce into a shallow dish. Place 1 tablespoon flour into
a separate shallow dish. Toss chicken pieces in soy sauce, then in flour,
coating pieces evenly. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add
chicken; cook and stir until browned, about 5 minutes. Transfer chicken to a
plate; set aside.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Reduce heat to medium and stir in curry paste. Cook for 1 minute until
fragrant. Add green onions, garlic, and ginger; cook an additional 2 minutes.
Return chicken to the skillet, stirring to coat with curry paste. Stir in
coconut milk, sugar, fish sauce, and 1 tablespoon soy sauce; simmer over
medium heat until chicken is tender and cooked through, about 20 minutes.
Serve curry with cilantro leaves.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

472 calories; protein 27.1g; carbohydrates 14.6g; fat 40.9g; cholesterol
57.1mg; sodium 934.7mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (411)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

luv2cook

Rating: 5 stars

05/19/2008

Yummo! It's a very authentic-tasting Thai curry chicken. Warning: the green
curry paste varies A LOT by brand. I used Maesri brand: VERY hot (and we love
hot foods). I only used 1.5 tbsp which was plenty. Also, the coconut milk
should be a full-fat (not low fat) and also varies quite a bit by brand. I
prefer the Chaokoh brand which is nice & thick. Both of these brands should be
available at any decent Asian market. A couple of changes I made: 1. used
boneless chicken thighs (not as dry as breast meat), 2. reduced sugar to 1
tsp. I also added carrots, onions, and peas (gotta sneak those vegies ;) This
one's a keeper.

Read More

Helpful (350)

### Most helpful critical review

CLL

Rating: 2 stars

03/15/2012

Save your time to measure curry paste and coconut milk, use 1 can (4 oz) of
Maesri green curry paste and 1 can (14 fl oz) of coconut milk for cooking will
have a good result. If coconut milk is too strong for you, reduce the amount
or add some chicken stock. All you need is to stir-fry your favorite
vegetables in sequence depending on the cooking time. In my case, onions and
carrots first, followed by fried tofu curds. Then I add some curry paste and
coconut milk before adding tomatoes, green beans, and broccoli stems. Add the
remaining of curry paste and coconut milk and let the sauce simmer until green
beans are cooked to your liking. At the end, add zucchinis and broccoli
florets a few minutes before you put the lid on and turn the heat off. Meat is
almost unnecessary in this dish. If you like chicken, cut it in thin slices
and marinate in some cooking oil and green curry paste. To ensure that chicken
is tender and cooked thoroughly, stir-fry chicken as soon as vegetables are
done. In a separated pan that is big enough for all ingredients, add some oil
before adding chicken. Constantly stir chicken until only some pinkness shows.
Add steamy-hot cooked vegetables in and mix all ingredients well. Vegetables
recommended for green curry: asparagus, bamboo shoot, bean sprout, broccoli,
butternut squash, carrot, green bean, eggplant, mushroom, onion, snow pea,
sweet pepper, tofu, tomato, zucchini, and etc.

Read More

Helpful (92)

574 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 386 
  * 4 star values: 144 
  * 3 star values: 24 
  * 2 star values: 15 
  * 1 star values: 5 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

luv2cook

Rating: 5 stars

05/19/2008

Yummo! It's a very authentic-tasting Thai curry chicken. Warning: the green
curry paste varies A LOT by brand. I used Maesri brand: VERY hot (and we love
hot foods). I only used 1.5 tbsp which was plenty. Also, the coconut milk
should be a full-fat (not low fat) and also varies quite a bit by brand. I
prefer the Chaokoh brand which is nice & thick. Both of these brands should be
available at any decent Asian market. A couple of changes I made: 1. used
boneless chicken thighs (not as dry as breast meat), 2. reduced sugar to 1
tsp. I also added carrots, onions, and peas (gotta sneak those vegies ;) This
one's a keeper.

filthyrob

Rating: 4 stars

04/05/2009

This turns out well except you have to completely leave out the soy sauce if
you expect a greenish curry versus a brown curry. The soy affects both the
flavor and the color in a very negative way. Leave out the soy and it turns
out very well and is sooooo easy to make.

Lisa

Rating: 5 stars

09/13/2008

Alert! I made a veggie version with lots of additions: Just like my fave Thai
restaurant! I made a veggie version of this recipe by following it after
heating the green curry paste. I used 5 ounces of tofu rubbed with a tiny bit
of sesame oil and the teaspoon of ginger the recipe called for. I also added
fresh basil, sweet peas, mini-corn, and bamboo strips. I served it over brown
basmati rice capped with chopped peanuts, green onion, and cilantro. I will
definitely make this again!

CLL

Rating: 2 stars

03/15/2012

Save your time to measure curry paste and coconut milk, use 1 can (4 oz) of
Maesri green curry paste and 1 can (14 fl oz) of coconut milk for cooking will
have a good result. If coconut milk is too strong for you, reduce the amount
or add some chicken stock. All you need is to stir-fry your favorite
vegetables in sequence depending on the cooking time. In my case, onions and
carrots first, followed by fried tofu curds. Then I add some curry paste and
coconut milk before adding tomatoes, green beans, and broccoli stems. Add the
remaining of curry paste and coconut milk and let the sauce simmer until green
beans are cooked to your liking. At the end, add zucchinis and broccoli
florets a few minutes before you put the lid on and turn the heat off. Meat is
almost unnecessary in this dish. If you like chicken, cut it in thin slices
and marinate in some cooking oil and green curry paste. To ensure that chicken
is tender and cooked thoroughly, stir-fry chicken as soon as vegetables are
done. In a separated pan that is big enough for all ingredients, add some oil
before adding chicken. Constantly stir chicken until only some pinkness shows.
Add steamy-hot cooked vegetables in and mix all ingredients well. Vegetables
recommended for green curry: asparagus, bamboo shoot, bean sprout, broccoli,
butternut squash, carrot, green bean, eggplant, mushroom, onion, snow pea,
sweet pepper, tofu, tomato, zucchini, and etc.

Steveroller

Rating: 5 stars

12/08/2008

Credit to the Chef - this is an execellent receipe. The weights, measures and
cooking times are all bang on so really no need to improvise! I've cooked this
a few times now and suggest for more bang for buck you add 1 fresh lemon grass
stalk (reveal the white stalk center and crush with the flat of a
knife)instead of sugar and cut back the coconut milk to 400ml adding 75ml of
chicken stock as well. Use boneless chicken thighs instead of breast. All this
really intensifies the flavours!!

Anna Do

Rating: 4 stars

12/10/2007

This was easy for a beginner like me and it came out tasty. However, it did
not have enough kick in it, so I would add more curry paste next time. Also, I
agree with another reviewer that it was too sweet, so next time I will put in
less sugar (I used white sugar). I served this with white rice.

zuan

Rating: 5 stars

09/17/2007

Very tasty! I served it at a book club party and it got great reviews. I
doubled the green curry paste as others have suggested (it may depend on the
brand you use, so be careful) and I also used cane sugar for a more "natural"
flavour. I used less sugar the second time around as I prefer dishes like
these slightly less sweet in order to bring out the other flavours. Thanks for
a great recipe!

w

Rating: 4 stars

01/20/2009

This was my first attempt at making Thai green curry, and this recipe was a
good base. I think it heavily depends on the curry paste you have, b/c they
vary significantly by flavor and heat. My green curry paste was not very hot,
but was flavorful, so even though I increased the amount of curry paste, the
dish was missing heat for me. Next time I'll add Thai chili peppers with this
particular curry paste. I added lemongrass (cut into large pieces so you can
easily remove them before eating), Thai basil (totally essential!!), carrots,
and red pepper. I also tried making coconut rice by putting coconut milk into
the rice cooker. It was mildly fragrant with coconut, so I might tweak with
that more. With the added ingredients I think the curry had a lot more
dimension, texture, and flavor, but needed more spicy/heat boost to compare to
the Thai curries I had in Thailand! Will add more curry paste and chili pepper
next time... or try a different brand of curry paste.

Karen Martell Bishop

Rating: 5 stars

08/24/2007

I would give this recipe 10 stars if I could! We have two really good Thai
restaurants in our area and this recipe tops any of their green curry dishes.
I followed the recipe exactly, used Jasmine rice, it was absolutely perfect.
My husband RAVED about it, we brought leftovers for lunch the next day. I
think this sauce would also be very good on fish, like tilapia or another mild
white fish, maybe even salmon. This was just perfect!

CINDYLOU0702

Rating: 5 stars

03/29/2011

This is a great recipe which can be made with ingredients you can find in the
Asian aisle of your supermarket. My personal tips: 1. ADD BASIL! Tastes
awesome with fresh basil added; more like my favorite restaurant version. 2.
Use 1 TB sugar, 2 was too sweet. 3. Add veggies, not just protein, for a full
meal. 4. Mae Ploy is the best curry paste brand if you can find it.

all recipes

Rating: 5 stars

06/01/2007

I would not use 'white sugar,' instead I'd use raw cane sugar or palm sugar.

Angela Langley

Rating: 5 stars

08/18/2011

Very, very good. One reviewer noted it was too brown because of the soy. I
agree. You don't need to soak the chicken in soy sauce or add additional soy
sauce to the recipe. Most recipes have you gently simmering the cubed chicken
in the sauce. It's what lends to the delicate, tender flavor and texture of
the chicken. Instead of adding soy, add 1 tbls. of lime juice. You'll end up
with a succulent, lightly colored soup.

AmericanMomAbroad

Rating: 5 stars

04/18/2009

I was able to use fake chicken (made by Quorn) in place of real chicken to
make this dish vegetarian! It tasted great!

Cyd_Delve

Rating: 3 stars

01/09/2012

there's no denying that this is very tasty...but it is not Thai. I think next
time i will double the fish sauce and add a hearty amount of fresh lime juice
along with the cilantro at the end, and maybe cut down on the coconut milk a
bit.

Keillie

Rating: 5 stars

08/25/2008

Soooo good, and so easy to prepare. Excellent for a meal where you want to
impress! I used THAI KITCHEN brand curry paste, and used almost the entire
small jar, probably at least 3 TBS. I cut sugar down to 1 TBS instead of 2,
added bamboo shoots and a few frozen peas. BF loved this meal! (Although i DID
screw up the rice.)haha Definitely a keeper. Yum.

gracie

Rating: 3 stars

09/10/2011

When I try a new recipe I like to make it as is. Did not particularly like the
chicken dredged in flour and felt it wasn't necessary to do so as it made the
curry too thick. We have our green curry dishes with fried naan to soak up all
the great sauce..this was just too thick and had that 'flour taste' to it.
Also felt that there was no need to add the soy sauce at the end..fish sauce
is salty enough and the dark soy ruins the colour of the dish.

mrfig

Rating: 5 stars

11/17/2010

Yum Yum Yum! This recipe is just what I've been looking for. Even though I
doubled the recipe, there's not much left for lunch tomorrow! The only
adjustments I made was using chicken thighs for the tenderness and added a bag
of frozen peas.

FrackFamily5 CA—>CT

Rating: 5 stars

12/29/2010

Yum- the sauce is to die for! I ended up using a few leftovers to round out my
dish- added peas, corn and added 6 oz cooked spaghetti that I chopped up and
added to the skillet. Pretty darn good!

CookinGal

Rating: 2 stars

12/31/2010

I was so excited to make this recipe after reading all the good reviews.
Sorry, but it just didn't appeal to me. It didn't have that balance of sweet,
sour, salty and spicy that Thai food is known for. It was too salty, and not
sweet enough. I had to rescue it by adding a half can of cream of coconut and
some cilantro. Won't be making this again.

Aerrin99

Rating: 4 stars

02/17/2012

We absolutely loved this green curry chicken (our first green curry!), but did
find it to be a little too sweet and not spicy enough. The latter is probably
related to our curry paste - we just don't have options around here, so we
take what we can get. In the future, we'll cut the sugar entirely (I'd cut it
some already for my diabetic husband - we think the coconut milk is plenty
sweet enough! Delicious!) and season with black pepper and cayenne to give it
the kick the paste is missing. We also, on the advice of a friend, added
veggies to this recipe, which was a GREAT choice. I just threw in eggplant,
snow peas in the pod, and red bell pepper when I did the green onions. Really
added a variety, and they went WONDERFULLY. Served over Jasmine Rice.

Lisa Joel

Rating: 5 stars

03/02/2011

Splendid! I used lite coconut milk, no flour/soy sauce, just sauteed the
chicken after a spray with olive oil, and I added a container of steam fresh
Asian veggies. YUM!!

Natalie

Rating: 2 stars

12/02/2014

This was my very first attempt at green coconut curry. I was very
disappointed. The flour gave the sauce too much of a gravy consistency and the
soy competed with the delicate flavour of the coconut.

kirklandcook

Rating: 3 stars

04/06/2011

This recipe didn't deliver the flavors that I was craving.

norahanem

Rating: 5 stars

08/04/2011

The best meal I've ever had on this website so far; I made it with seafood
though; a combination of Scallops, Shrimps and Calamari. My husband was
complaining why I didn't make more of it! I fully recommend.

LAURAMELINDA

Rating: 4 stars

02/13/2011

This was good but I had to make some changes. I had to double the coconut milk
(one can of light and one regular) and omitted the soy sauce. I used tofu
instead of chicken and added eggplant, green beans, carrots and yellow pepper.
Very good...I'll be making this again.

SanDiegoJes

Rating: 4 stars

01/07/2011

Tried this recipe last night and was pleasantly surprised by how well it
turned out! We added a bit more of the curry paste (used Thai Kitchen which
worked just fine) added red bell pepper, and some red chili flakes for heat.
The result was not too hot, or saucey. Served it over rice with cilantro.

Nandabear

Rating: 5 stars

10/03/2010

This was excellent. I stuck to recipe but added just a tad more ginger. The
ginger adds so much as well as the fish sauce. In order to have great results
with this dish you HAVE to make sure to use good, authentic and quality
ingredients. It was gone so fast! Just a little spicy but if you are used to
green curry you already knew that. Superb. Thanks Laus.

YoLowAtl

Rating: 4 stars

03/13/2011

This recipe was pretty easy and full of flavor, thanks to the curry. I omitted
the green onion and the soy sauce, and I added cubed eggplant and mushrooms.
Delish! I only rated it 4 stars due to the appearance of the chicken with the
flour on it (gummy). I guess it helps to thicken the curry eventually, but my
chicken did not brown in 5 minutes, even on a mid-high heat. It still came out
good though.

Loves Food

Rating: 4 stars

12/04/2011

don't use the soy sauce--there are plenty of other spices. I added bamboo
shoots, red pepper, asparagus & celery. The kids loved it too.

Maria

Rating: 5 stars

09/29/2011

I only had 1 can of coconut milk on hand, but the flavor was incredible with
the rest of the ingredients in their original ratio. This dish will require
the full fat version of the coconut milk. In many recipes, like coconut
chicken soup, you can get away with the half fat version, but not in this one.
Served with Jasmine rice, it was like a visit to an upscale Thai restaurant!
10 stars!

julimcintosh

Rating: 5 stars

01/19/2015

This recipe is easy and delicious. After reading reviews about the soy sauce
turning the curry brown, I decided to leave it out. It can always be added as
a condiment. I also used well trimmed boneless skinless chicken thighs and
didn't bother breading them. I cut up the chicken and cooked it in a bit of
olive oil and then removed it and continued on with the recipe, as written.
With the exception of the sugar, which I did not add (I didn't miss it and
can't imagine that it enhances the dish that much). Incidentally, I learned a
trick for storing and using fresh ginger. Store it in the freezer (I've had my
current piece a few months-no need to containerized). When you need it, take
it out and grate it frozen, no peeling necessary. It grates perfectly.

Jane Lightle

Rating: 4 stars

09/21/2007

I don't include flour or soy sauce when making these curries. I like the
lighter taste you get that way. I doubled the green curry. This dish is super
easy to make and great if you don't have a lot of time.

thugglife

Rating: 5 stars

07/10/2012

This is my junk! I make it just as directed except I add 1/4-1/3 cup of peas
at the end and a little chilli powder to the sauce while cooking. I think next
time I'll try it with thighs and breasts. Also, if you can find unrefined
sugar (brown sugar that's not THE brown sugar) it's much better and not as
sweet as using white sugar. I guess if anything, I would reduce the amount of
chicken by a few grams.

kr1065

Rating: 5 stars

12/01/2010

Tastes amazing! The cilantro was a great garnish. Tasted better than my local
Thai restaraunt. Used Red Curry instead of green.

jcolleps

Rating: 5 stars

07/16/2010

This was my second time to make this. My girlfriend and I love it, and
everyone else who has tried it has loved it too. I pretty much follow the
recipe directly. However, I thought the sauce was a little thick for my taste
the first time I made it, so this time I boiled about half a cup of water with
1 tbspn of sugar and a teaspoon of chicken bouillon. I then added it with the
coconut milk, fish sauce, and soy sauce. You can really go a lot of ways when
adding stuff to this also. I par boiled about 2 small sweet potatoes cut into
1/2 inch pieces, and I added 2 zucchini about half way in to browning the
chicken, also cut into 1/2 pieces. I then added them when adding the chicken
back into the curry and they tendered up while simmering. It was
awesome!!!!!!!!

lovetoeatandtrytocook

Rating: 5 stars

12/18/2011

This was great. I did not use the soy sauce and added 1/2 the amount of sugar.
I would add some salt to make up for lack of salty soy sauce.

Chrissy

Rating: 5 stars

04/08/2013

I just made this tonight and we LOVED it!! It was soo good. It makes a lot of
sauce, next time I will use more chicken. I can't say anything bad about this
recipe... Loved it!

Gina Curtis Rosebrugh

Rating: 5 stars

05/27/2009

I had never had this or made this before. This was excellent, everyone
enjoyed, even the kids. Thanks for the recipe, a real keeper.

NJFoodies

Rating: 5 stars

11/16/2009

Great recipe! A few tweaks bring even more vibrant flavor. First: veggies, to
make this a one-dish meal. I used 1 red and and 1 green bell pepper, sliced
super thin, added halfway through simmer time. Sliced zucchini should go
nicely in this dish as well, and sliced mushrooms. Next time I will also add
thinly sliced onion. I would love to find some asian eggplant to add also.
Second, add some lime juice. 1-2 fresh limes, or 3-6 Tbs lime juice. Start
with the lower amount and taste. Put in the amount you like best. Increase the
fish sauce to 2 Tbsp or more - again, taste. Finally, an absolute MUST for any
Thai curry is basil (I omitted the cilantro). Add whole leaves, or do a rough
chop on the leaves and add 5-10 minutes before serving. Save a few whole
leaves to use as garnish when serving. Omit the soy sauce, as others suggest.
The flavor is not quite right for this dish, and the salt it would add can be
added by increasing the fish sauce as I suggest above. I used only 1 tsp of
sugar, and 1 inch of ginger, peeled and grated. I will try more ginger the
next time. Ginger root stores well in the freezer, in a plastic bag, and peels
and grates beautifully when frozen. Bon appetit!

varcity44

Rating: 4 stars

11/02/2010

This recipe came out delicious! I made some of the modifications the other
users recommended: I doubled the green curry paste and I added peas, bamboo
shoots, onion, fresh basil and green pepper to the recipe. I also reduced the
amount of sugar and served it over rice noodles. The flavor wasnt as strong as
I was hoping for, but it may be the curry paste I was using.

Raehee

Rating: 5 stars

01/13/2011

This is LEGIT : )

Hannah Culbertson

Rating: 5 stars

03/21/2012

Wonderful curry! I omitted the chicken and added onion and bell pepper. The
curry sauce is just perfect. I served it over quinoa.

Steph

Rating: 5 stars

01/09/2009

Thanks so much for a great thai green curry recipe! I also love to put in
eggplant, cauliflower, and bamboo shoots, stir frying them a bit with the
chicken. Obviously this recipe will depend on what type of green curry paste
you get, but I've found the most popular brands at Chinese supermarkets all do
the trick. Quite often I prefer my curry with a bit more kick/spiciness so I
add some fresh red peppers.

Shannon Pedigo Skaggs

Rating: 5 stars

02/23/2010

This was delicious! Not quite hot enough for us with the 2T of curry, so I'll
add more next time.

goodmau

Rating: 5 stars

11/24/2010

I used light soy sauce, added red green and yellow peppers, onions, fresh
basil, and used ginger/garlic paste. Only used one tbs of sugar. Served it on
jasmine rice and it came out wonderfully. Next time I think I will add
pineapple. I'll let you know how it turns out!

v~

Rating: 3 stars

12/04/2010

I had high hopes after reading other reviews but this was nothing like my
favorite Thai restaurant in Asheville. I made exactly as the recipe stated as
others said it was perfect. I used full fat coconut milk and my only rationale
for my dislike with so many favorable comments is as one reviewer stated
different Thai curry paste vary in heat and flavor and my health food store
only offered "Taste of Thai" brand and a different brand might be better?

Julie

Rating: 5 stars

01/18/2011

I also did a veggie version of this recipe, with tofu instead of chicken and
then used a bag of frozen Asian style veggies and rice. Really, you can use
whatever veggies or meat alternatives you want. I sauteed the tofu in a little
olive and sesame oils, as well as some worchestershire sauce (only because I
was down to my last TBSP of soy sauce). I put a little worchestershire sauce
and veggie broth in with the frozen veggies and rice too. Once my tofu was
nicely browned I removed it from the pan and used the same pan for the actual
green curry sauce. I believe the only thing I omitted from the sauce was the
fish sauce (and I used a lite soy sauce). After the veggies and rice were done
cooking I put the tofu, veggies, rice, and sauce all together and served it
like that. It was delicious!! Both my husband and I liked it very much (my
husband said it was one of his favorite dishes now and that he will be
requesting it a lot). I will definitely make sure to have enough soy sauce
next time. I also may use different veggies - mushrooms would be good, as
would baby corns, neither of which the frozen pkg had in it. I would also use
more rice. Anyway, all of that can be tweaked to your preference. The sauce
did turn out brownish, but who cares, it was so good and very easy too!!

Nikki Stutzman

Rating: 5 stars

01/16/2011

I recently had bought groceries and was preparing to cook a recipe similar to
this that can be found on the label of the Thai Kitchen brand green curry
paste and coconut milk. I tried to lighten up the recipe with the light
coconut milk instead of the richer version, added probably 3 Tbsp of curry
paste, ground black and red pepper for seasoning, and also added about 3 cups
of frozen stir fry veggies. I served it over brown rice instead of the
starchier white or jasmine for some extra nutrition. The dish was absolutely
delish! Next time I will probably add at least half of the full fat coconut
milk for added thickness, otherwise was great!

toot94

Rating: 5 stars

05/13/2011

Fantastic. Have made this with regular and light coconut milk. Only difference
I noticed was that the light one made the sauce to be a bit thinner, still
tasted great though.

slickwilly_00

Rating: 5 stars

09/29/2015

i made this a couple times. eventually i realized the key to success is to buy
the curry paste from the Asian market. at the grocery store you get a small
bottle of much blander paste for $8 and at the asian market you get a big tub
of more flavorful paste for about $4. It's frustrating how different the
results are depending on what paste you buy.

The69Texan

Rating: 5 stars

09/18/2010

Wow. What a wonderful recipe! I make the following modifications: -Chili paste
as needed to achieve the spice you want (this will depend on the curry paste
you use). I usually add 2T of chili paste. -2 bay leaves -Optionally omit the
t of soy in your sauce: it can take away from the flavor if you're accustomed
to traditional green curry -Flour as needed Thanks for sharing!

Ronto

Rating: 5 stars

01/29/2010

If you don't like a sweet curry, halve or quarter the sugar in this - It comes
out quite sugary. Added some beans for color, and am confident you could add
any amount of vegetables (beans, carrots, bamboo shoot, pumpkin) and it would
only add to the flavor of this curry. The sauce was fragrant and thick - very
well received by the family!

mamaluvs2cook

Rating: 5 stars

07/12/2011

This recipe is magnificent. I LOVE Thai food, especially green curry chicken!
Favorite dish of all time. I love spicy as well but left out anything spicy
due to the preference of the rest of the family. Jasmine rice is a must! at
least basmati....something fragrant. I made my own curry paste. I also lacked
the ginger root and subbed a bit of ground ginger instead. I plan to invest in
a little ginger root for my next cook up of this recipe (yes, a staple in our
home from now on) Ginger root lasts up to a month in the fridge. Or!!! you can
mince, process, shred, and freeze. If you love Thai....this recipe is the
&^%*. For lack of a more enthusiastic word ;)

Samantha Young

Rating: 5 stars

01/11/2011

Loved this recipe and very easy to make, used corn starch instead of flour to
make it gluten free

MamaMia72

Rating: 5 stars

04/19/2011

Very yummy! I didn't add the soy sauce to the sauce as someone else
recommended but I did add some bamboo shoots since I was trying to capture the
taste of another dish we love.

Katie K.

Rating: 5 stars

01/05/2011

Wow! This was fantastic! I'm so glad that I can now satisfy my love of curry
at home! I made some minor tweaks to the recipe, none of which I think had a
huge impact on the flavor. I didn't coat the chicken with flour and soy sauce,
just sauteed it plain in some oil. I used regular soy sauce (since that's what
I had on hand and really didn't want to buy another new ingredient). I also
added peas, carrots and bamboo shoots to the curry while it simmered for some
token veggies. Will make over and over. Thanks!

Kitchen_Nightmares

Rating: 4 stars

10/28/2010

Excellent recipe and tastes wonderful, but this dish needs more heat!!! This
recipe works well with red curry paste too but either way, double the amount.
I used extra virgin coconut oil and boneless thighs - they taste better and
are cheaper than breasts. Added baby corn and served it with jasmine rice and
potstickers for an appetizer. This one will be added to the rotation, thanks!

hannahen

Rating: 5 stars

02/01/2011

First attempt at making curry or any thai food for that matter. I followed the
recipe exactly, added carrots, leeks, and red bell pepper for some veggies and
color to the plate. The taste was amazing, sweet yet still kicks with the
curry paste. moving to a smaller city i missed the ethnic food choices and
this reminded me of delicious authentic thai curry. amazing!

HeatherC8

Rating: 5 stars

05/05/2010

This is my go to curry recipe now. Have made this at least 5 times. Always
turns out great!

Drew Ross

Rating: 5 stars

03/02/2015

I really enjoy this dish. I made it about five times and I have spruced it up
a bit with veggies and heat. I double the curry paste, lots of veggies, bamboo
shoots, lemon grass, and slice in several hot peppers and dried Thai chilis. I
add the veggies with about ten minutes to simmer so they don't overcook. I've
never used the soy sauce or sugar and the I made it with and without the
flour. Didn't find adding the flour added to the taste. It just made more
dishes for cleanup. Overall, this dish is excellent as is but is also a great
base for your own customization.

mariannaGR

Rating: 5 stars

05/08/2012

This recipe is amazing! I also put pieces of chicken thighs in for extra
fatness! Really good...

lmsenger

Rating: 5 stars

07/09/2007

Excellent! We ate this dish over brown rice. I used white sugar and it came
out great. Very spicy though, so beware if you don't like spicy food. I'm a
huge peanut fan, so I might add some chopped peanuts next time.

Mayray

Rating: 5 stars

02/19/2014

This was delicious - as good as the great Thai restaurant nearby!! I've made
this twice using Thai Kitchen brand green curry paste. The first time, the
flavor was a bit bland. The second time, I used 3 tablespoon and the flavor
was perfect. I also added crushed peanuts and crushed red pepper flakes for a
bit more kick. Served over pad thai rice noodles. It's a new favorite for my
family.

Amber Olsen

Rating: 4 stars

07/29/2011

Good but missing a little something.

PAZLA

Rating: 5 stars

02/17/2015

This recipe is great! I added some veggies (carrots and kale). Based on one
review recommending not using soy sauce, I planned on omitting it. In the
first step, I salted the chicken instead. However, at the end, the sauce was
still missing something, so I ended up adding about 1 tsp of soy sauce anyway.
Even after that, it seemed to still be missing something, so I ended up adding
a couple of squeezes (~2 wedges) of some fresh lime juice and it worked like a
charm. I've tried several green curry dishes in the past and this is by far
the best one I've tried.

Kathy_in_TN

Rating: 4 stars

06/14/2010

Quite good. I used peanut oil for the oil (always do in Oriental dishes) and
because I don't have access to dark soy or fish sauce I subbed regular soy. I
also had a lot of "gravy" left over so maybe next time I will add more chicken
to get more servings. Definitely a keeper.

ErinJC

Rating: 5 stars

10/29/2010

My husband is officially obsessed with this recipe and had to make it two
weeks in a row. Very very tasty and I don't think we changed a thing!

learning2cook7

Rating: 5 stars

06/26/2008

I had tried to make Thai green curry chicken before, because it's my favorite
dish at my favorite restaurant. I had been unsuccessful, until this recipe.
This tasted almost exactly like the one in the restaurant! I did add some red
bell pepper and some bamboo shoots as well. I'm going to make it again in a
few days for my friend who also loves Thai food.

Ivy

Rating: 5 stars

10/11/2008

I added vegetables (red and yellow peppers, asparagus, carrot, bamboo shoots)
and used thin pork slices and 6 prawns instead of 1 pound of chicken. I did
add a handful of Thai Basil at the end just because I have heaps on hand. I am
personally not a big fan of Thai curries, but I think this is the best one
I've ever tasted and my partner thinks it deserves a 5 even though it's not
the best he's ever had.

aae27

Rating: 4 stars

07/15/2013

even better with veggies too...

Patricia Babbitt

Rating: 5 stars

02/03/2012

Love this green curry sauce! I eliminate flour and sugar for health reasons
and it is still wonderful!

sara

Rating: 4 stars

01/15/2013

Excellent! I added a teaspoon of cayenne to spice it up. Easy to impress your
guests with this one!!

lilorchid82

Rating: 4 stars

07/26/2011

I really enjoyed this dish. It may have been the brand of green curry paste
that I used (Mae Ploy), but the dish was just a tad spicy. But overall, I
would definitely repeat this recipe. And I love how simple it was. Thanks!

easypea

Rating: 5 stars

03/07/2013

Make sure you follow the first step and coat all the chicken and cook it up
right it makes a huge difference in the flavor, this also cooks out most of
the soy sauce that others believe changes the color. I switched from white
sugar to brown sugar as other curry recipes call for and it wasn't too sweet.
I doubled the recipe also adding yellow squash, string beans and red bell
peppers this adds color, flavor and veggies to the dish.

navywife610

Rating: 4 stars

12/29/2011

This was an excellent curry recipe! My husband and I prefer more spice, so I
added about a teaspoon more curry paste, added about a 1/4 teaspoon of curry
powder to the flour, and added cayenne pepper to the overall mixture at the
end to simmer. I only added about 1/2 a tablespoon of sugar as we wanted
something more savory than sweet. I used a 13.66 oz can of coconut milk, which
was plenty and kept me from buying an additional can for only a couple of
ounces. I did toss the chicken in soy sauce, but I left the soy sauce out for
the second addition. The end result was delicious! My husband has had
authentic curry in Thailand and said this was spot on. Thanks!!

sweet1

Rating: 5 stars

01/14/2009

This makes very authentic tasting Thai food! I have made it numerous times now
and everyone just loves it. The only thing I changed was adding only 1 TBSP of
white sugar like many suggested. I throw frozen peas in and it is an awesome
curry. If you let this sit for a little it actually thickens up nicely and is
great for leftovers the next day (that is if you have any!)

Kayko

Rating: 2 stars

06/13/2010

Far too salty as written!! I should have known better and tasted it before I
added the 2nd TB of soy sauce. I had to do some doctoring to make it edible.

midlera

Rating: 5 stars

01/07/2012

This is excellent! I agree with other reviewers about not using the extra soy
sauce if you want a traditional green curry flavor. My husband said it's the
best Asian dinner I've ever made!

GoCubsGo

Rating: 5 stars

11/17/2013

I loved this. Made according to recipe with exception of cutting sugar to 1t.
I used Thai Kitchen green curry paste, and it isn't spicy at all. I would have
preferred a brand with more kick. Also, I used the Chaokoh coconut milk. It
was delicious, but almost a little too rich. I might use half light coco milk
next time. Regardless, a 5 star recipe. Just thinking out loud so I know what
to fiddle with next time I make it. There will definitely be a next time.

Yummy in the tummy

Rating: 5 stars

01/08/2012

It was really good! I didn't put sugar or soy sauce at all. I added little bit
of water. I put carrots and okras. And used pork instead of chicken. It really
was yummy in the tummy! :)

jennifer263

Rating: 5 stars

12/02/2010

The taste was great, not too spicy, but I have little kids so it was fine.
There was a ton of sauce so I doubled the chicken. I also followed other
reviews and added peas as well as boneless skinless thighs (used both breasts
and thighs). The thighs were definately better.

Mary

Rating: 5 stars

12/01/2007

I'm definitely going to make this again. I followed the recipe exactly; the
chicken turned out really juicy and the flavor was great. For a little color I
added about 1 cup of frozen peas and carrots. My boyfriend and I both agreed
it was a little on the spicy side so the next time I make it, I'll probably
half the amount of curry.

capcomp

Rating: 4 stars

11/19/2013

This was a nice curry dish, but could have been a little hotter for our
tastes. I used red curry as that is what I had, and added chopped peeled
eggplant and chopped red pepper when I added the onion and garlic. I did not
use ginger, as I don't care for it. I would absolutely fix this again!

Lisa Bettencourt

Rating: 5 stars

09/25/2008

This is an amazing dish! It is by far one of the best recipes that I have
tried from this site. I followed it to the letter and a chopped red and green
pepper for nutrition and color. Everyone at the dinner table just gobbled this
up. I cant say enough about this recipe!

Sarah Burrows

Rating: 4 stars

01/09/2010

Could be made more authentic with the addition of a chopped green chilli
(which turns up the heat), 2 chopped stems of lemongrass, a couple of thai
basil leaves, a squeeze of fresh lime and some straw mushrooms.

Amanda

Allstar

Rating: 2 stars

01/03/2012

This was just ok. We had to add more curry paste to our dish and it still
really lacked flavor. Sorry.

Ruth Tannahill

Rating: 4 stars

04/10/2010

As written, the recipe is quite tasty and satisfying, but as other reviewers
have pointed out, the heat and flavor of the curry paste varies a lot by
brand. I used "Taste of Thai" because it is available in my local supermarket,
but that brand is hot without a lot of herbal flavor. To compensate, I added 2
Tbsp each of chopped fresh mint and cilantro in the last 5 minutes of
simmering. I also added 1 cup each green peas, diced carrots, and diced
onions. I too substituted an equal weight of skinless boneless chicken thighs
for the chicken breast. They're more moist and flavorful. Serve it with
jasmine rice, but consider adding a simple salad of chopped cucumbers tossed
with palm vinegar (or rice wine vinegar), cilantro, fish sauce and a little
sugar. The bright flavors complement the curry nicely.

LaLaNorthwest

Rating: 3 stars

03/12/2011

I found this to be a little bland, and not as creamy as what you get in
restaurants. My husband cooked the leftovers the next night with some cream
and a serrano chili, which improved it, but there was still something missing.
It's a good place to start.

Debbie-K

Rating: 1 stars

07/07/2009

I guess I am in the minority on this one. Both my hubby and I agree it was not
a good curry by any stretch. Very little curry taste. The fish and soy sauces
were too strong as well. Quite mild for a curry, no zip like we prefer. Won't
be making it again.

amanda brewster

Rating: 4 stars

01/14/2013

Way too sweet. The second time I cut the sugar to 1/4 tsp and the family all
liked it.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

01/18/2014

Used NangFah (it was the one that seemed most out of stock...so I assumed
folks preferred this brand; it was SUPAH SPICY! DELICIOUS). I followed the
first reviewer and took out the SoySauce and still felt it was TASTY. I also
followed another reviewers to sneak in vegetables (eggplants, basil, and
lemongrass-I think the eggplants made it a little watery, but I thickened it
up with some flour/ cornstarch). Turned out so GREAT! Will definitely be
cooking this again. Bit hit with my boo. :)

TUKHASA

Rating: 4 stars

10/27/2012

Needs a bit more spice. Will definitely try again and add some heat.

Tiffanyg

Rating: 5 stars

09/26/2010

Awesome! We loved it, we did end up using red curry paste because I couldn't
find green, but can't wait to try it with green.

QASIMARA

Rating: 5 stars

03/11/2011

Good, except the chemistry was all wrong. Lame.

Jessica Strange

Rating: 5 stars

09/14/2013

This was great! I've never soaked the chicken in soy sauce. I did dredge it in
flour once, but I find that we like it pretty well when I leave those steps
out. I like to double or triple the curry paste and add lots of vegetables.
Some favorite additions are chopped zucchini, peas, and bamboo shoots. I would
cut down on the sugar just a bit, as I find it to be on the sweet edge.

Renee McKellar

Rating: 5 stars

01/20/2012

This was the best Thai dish I have eaten! I didn't have soy sauce on hand and
it was perfect without. I also added a few shreds of Thai basil to finish and
served with rice, amazing!. I agree with other reviews that it doesn't really
need the sugar but it can help cut the heat if needed. This has a nice medium
heat to it. Next time I want to try and add a kaffir lime leaf to the sauce
while simmering. Thank you for sharing your great recipe!!

MaryMac

Rating: 3 stars

05/23/2008

I have recently lost 24 lbs. since Feb. 2nd so this is how I converted the
recipe to lower fat and more nutrition. I cooked my organic chicken in organic
chicken broth on low till done with ginger, green onions and garlic in the
chicken broth. Because of that I did not use the flour or oil. I used lite
coconut milk instead of regular. I boiled down the chicken broth solution,
cocnut milk to 1/2 its original which intensifies flavor and added curry paste
and other ingredients. I used brown rice. Instead of white sugar I used raw
and less of it or omitted it all together.I cooked the rice in the organic
chicken broth instaed of water.

cookingcarrie

Rating: 4 stars

02/05/2011

a wonderful dish! i used oyster sauce because i did not have fish sauce and it
worked fine. i was a little worried at first when i tasted the sauce 5 minutes
into simmering because it was too coconuty for my taste i added some basil to
brighten the flavor and turmeric which brightened up the color and simmered
for 30 mins instead of 20 adding water when the mixture became too thick. this
doctoring made a perfect green curry!

Cornies

Rating: 5 stars

05/09/2012

Great recipe. I've made authentic Thai recipes for quite a few years now, but
this was by far the best i've tried. I used pure cane sugar instead of white
sugar and used rape seed oil instead of normal cooking oil. My wife loved it.
Add sweet thai basil leaves at the end.. you could be in Thailand!!!

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Thai Green Curry Chicken

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Thai Green Curry Chicken

##  All Reviews for Thai Green Curry Chicken

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Thai Green Curry Chicken

Servings Per Recipe: 4  
Calories: 472.4  

% Daily Value *

protein:  27.1g  54 %

carbohydrates:  14.6g  5 %

dietary fiber:  1.8g  7 %

sugars:  6.8g

fat:  40.9g  63 %

saturated fat:  24.3g  122 %

cholesterol:  57.1mg  19 %

vitamin a iu:  525.8IU  11 %

niacin equivalents:  7.8mg  60 %

vitamin b6:  0.3mg  20 %

vitamin c:  4.8mg  8 %

folate:  33.1mcg  8 %

calcium:  47mg  5 %

iron:  5mg  28 %

magnesium:  82.6mg  30 %

potassium:  475.5mg  13 %

sodium:  934.7mg  37 %

thiamin:  0.1mg  9 %

calories from fat:  368.2

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Thai Green Curry Chicken

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 411

Thai Green Curry Chicken

1 of 60 Thai Green Curry Chicken

Doreen Mahoney

Thai Green Curry Chicken

2 of 60 Thai Green Curry Chicken

Laurahallie

Thai Green Curry Chicken

3 of 60 Thai Green Curry Chicken

Scott Newell

Thai Green Curry Chicken

4 of 60 Thai Green Curry Chicken

Tamara Batta

Thai Green Curry Chicken

5 of 60 Thai Green Curry Chicken

caroline

Thai Green Curry Chicken

6 of 60 Thai Green Curry Chicken

momdragon

Thai Green Curry Chicken

7 of 60 Thai Green Curry Chicken

Joanne Brown

Thai Green Curry Chicken

8 of 60 Thai Green Curry Chicken

Ainslie Knox

Thai Green Curry Chicken

9 of 60 Thai Green Curry Chicken

mamatammy

Thai Green Curry Chicken

10 of 60 Thai Green Curry Chicken

lilitiger

Thai Green Curry Chicken

11 of 60 Thai Green Curry Chicken

Paula Williams

Thai Green Curry Chicken

12 of 60 Thai Green Curry Chicken

Al Urmeneta

Thai Green Curry Chicken

13 of 60 Thai Green Curry Chicken

French epic

Thai Green Curry Chicken

14 of 60 Thai Green Curry Chicken

sandra topp

Thai Green Curry Chicken

15 of 60 Thai Green Curry Chicken

Keriann Aronson

Thai Green Curry Chicken

16 of 60 Thai Green Curry Chicken

Jennifer Fontano

Thai Green Curry Chicken

17 of 60 Thai Green Curry Chicken

Mike Tidwell

Thai Green Curry Chicken

18 of 60 Thai Green Curry Chicken

arc

Thai Green Curry Chicken

19 of 60 Thai Green Curry Chicken

beth dufford

Thai Green Curry Chicken

20 of 60 Thai Green Curry Chicken

Laura Armas Baui

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Thai Green Curry Chicken to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Thai Green Curry Chicken

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

