https://www.indianhealthyrecipes.com/hariyali-chicken-green-chicken/


Skip to content

Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About

Search

Toggle Menu

Search

# Hariyali chicken (Green chicken recipe)

Home >> Recipes >> Chicken Recipes

Byswasthi

36 Comments

__WhatsApp

 __Share

 __Pin

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

**Hariyali chicken** or green chicken is a delicious Indian dish made with
chicken, fresh aromatic herbs and spices. It goes well with plain rice,
**jeera rice** , roti or even with **ghee rice**. There are a lot of Indian
dishes that are cooked with a green paste made with green chilli, coriander
and mint leaves.

* * *

These dishes turn out to be the most flavorful, delicious & healthy with a
loaded greens. This green paste is used to make tikkas, kababs, stir fry
dishes, pulao & biryani recipes.

In this post I have shared how to make green chicken. You can also use the
same recipe to make hariyali chicken tikkas or one pot green chicken rice. I
have shared the tips below.

This recipe is quite simple and takes less than 30 minutes. The first step is
to make the green paste. Then saute the chicken and then add the green paste.
Saute for a while and simmer it either in water, coconut milk or cashew milk.

If you want to make hariyali chicken tikka then just marinate the boneless
chicken pieces with the green paste & 2 tbsps of thick yogurt or curd. Rest it
overnight in the fridge and grill them in the oven until done.

To make one pot green chicken rice, please check the step by step photos. You
can also make the rice in a cooker by pressure cooking for 1 whistle.

I sometimes make the chicken rice with this green masala. Here is how to do
it. After you saute the chicken in green paste. Add the yogurt, 1 tsp more
garam masala and cook until the chicken is almost done.

Evaporate the excess moisture and then pour 3 cups of water and bring it to a
rolling boil. Then add drained and soaked basmati rice.

Cook covered on a low heat until the rice is done. Serve the rice hot.

More chicken recipes,  
 **Chicken curry  
Butter chicken**  
 **Chettinad chicken**  
 **Kerala chicken**  
 **Methi chicken**

Advertisement

## Preparation

Add coriander leaves, mint leaves, green chilies and onions to a blender jar
and make a smooth paste. Set aside.

## How to make green chicken

1\. Heat oil in a pan. Add cumin. When they begin to splutter then add cumin.
The seeds will sizzle then add the ginger garlic and fry for a minute until
the raw smell goes off.

2\. Add 1 teaspoon coriander powder, 1 teaspoon garam masala and the chicken.
Saute for 2 to 3 mins until pale.

3\. Then add the prepared hara masala.

4\. Saute for 3 to 4 mins until the raw smell of onion goes off.

Advertisement

5\. **Optional** - Reduce the flame to low. Then add in whisked yogurt if
using. I used about 4 tbsps and sauteed until the yogurt blended well. Cook on
a low heat until yogurt is absorbed.

6\. Then pour water or coconut milk. Give a good stir and add salt.

7\. Simmer until the chicken is tender and cooked through well. When done the
chicken will become fork tender.

Optional - I prefer to saute some bell peppers & curry leaves in oil and add
them towards the end. This enhances the flavor.

Serve green chicken with rice or roti.

Advertisement

**Related Recipes**

### Chicken Curry Rec...

### Butter Chicken | ...

### Chicken chettinad...

### Kerala Chicken Cu...

### Methi Chicken Rec...

### Jeera rice recipe

Advertisement

## Hariyali chicken (green chicken)

Green chicken is a delicious Indian dish made by simmering chicken in green
paste and spices.

Pin Recipe Print Recipe

1x2x3x

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

For best results follow the step-by-step photos above the recipe card

Prep Time15 minutes

Cook Time25 minutes

Total Time40 minutes

Servings4

AuthorSwasthi

### Ingredients (US cup = 240ml )

  * â–¢ 500 gms chicken (bone-in or boneless)
  * â–¢ 2 tbsp oil
  * â–¢ 1 sprig curry leaves (optional)
  * â–¢ Â½ tsp cumin
  * â–¢ 1Â½ tsp ginger garlic paste (Â½ inch ginger, 3 garlic cloves)
  * â–¢ Â¼ cup yogurt or curd (optional)
  * â–¢ Â¾ cup water (or thin coconut milk)
  * â–¢ Â½ tsp Salt (adjust to taste)
  * â–¢ 1 teaspoon garam masala
  * â–¢ 1 teaspoon coriander powder

#### for green paste

  * â–¢ 1 cup coriander leaves (tightly packed) with tender stalks
  * â–¢ Â½ cup mint leaves (tightly packed) (pudina)
  * â–¢ 1 medium onion diced
  * â–¢ 3 green chilies (adjust as desired)
  * â–¢ 3 green cardamoms (or Â½ tsp powder)

Advertisement

### Instructions

  * â–¢

Add coriander leaves, mint leaves, green chilies, green cardamoms, onion,
green chilies to a blender jar. If you do not have ginger garlic paste, then
add half inch ginger and 3 medium garlic cloves to the same jar.

  * â–¢

Make a fine paste without adding water. Set this aside.

  * â–¢

Heat a pan with oil. Add cumin and allow them to crackle.

  * â–¢

Then saute the curry leaves until crisp. Then add ginger garlic paste and fry
for a minute.

  * â–¢

Add garam masala, coriander powder and chicken. Fry till it turns white in
color.

  * â–¢

Cover and cook for 2 to 3 mins.

  * â–¢

Add green paste, fry for 3 to 4 mins until a nice aroma comes out.

  * â–¢

Cover and cook for another 2 mins. This way the aroma of green masala and
spice is absorbed by the chicken.

  * â–¢

**Optional** - Turn the flame to low. If using yogurt whisk it very well until
smooth and then add it to the pan. Stir and cook for 3 to 4 mins till the
yogurt is absorbed.

  * â–¢

Then pour water & add salt.

  * â–¢

Stir well and cook covered until the chicken is tender.

  * â–¢

Open the lid and cook until the gravy reaches a desired consistency.

  * â–¢

Serve hariyali chicken with rice or roti. If desired squeeze in some lemon
juice before serving.

Advertisement

### Notes

I saute the curry leaves & bell peppers separately on a high heat for 2
minutes and added them to the serving bowl just for garnishing.

Alternative quantities provided in the recipe card are for 1x only, original
recipe.

For best results follow my detailed step-by-step photo instructions and tips
above the recipe card.

### NUTRITION INFO (estimation only)

Nutrition Facts

Hariyali chicken (green chicken)

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 538 Calories from Fat 261

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 29g **45%**

Saturated Fat 6g **38%**

 **Cholesterol** 96mg **32%**

 **Sodium** 629mg **27%**

 **Potassium** 2990mg **85%**

 **Carbohydrates** 39g **13%**

Fiber 9g **38%**

Sugar 7g **8%**

 **Protein** 38g **76%**

**Vitamin A** 3908IU **78%**

 **Vitamin C** 355mg **430%**

 **Calcium** 795mg **80%**

 **Iron** 27mg **150%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Tried this recipe?Mention @SwasthisRecipes or tag #swasthisrecipes!

(C) Swasthi's Recipes

__WhatsApp

 __Share

 __Pin

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

**FOR MORE RECIPES**

Please leave this field empty

Enter & Confirm eMail ID for Swasthi's Recipes Newsletter *

Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.

  

## Post navigation

Previous Previous

South Indian egg curry recipe

NextContinue

Gulab Jamun Recipe

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

36 Comments

__Inline Feedbacks

View all comments

Sherry

  
Hello! Quick question about the chicken; I have chicken drumsticks with skin
and was wondering if I have to skin it or can I keep it on? I'm terrible with
de-skinning a chicken lol

BTW I've made this before with boneless chicken and it was amazing!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Sherry

Hi Sherry  
Yes you can use them. Glad to know you like it

Reply

Advertisement

Agnes Peter

  
Wow Wow Wow. I tried your recipe. Superb taste. In case you are interested to
know, i did some small changes ie added another 1 large spoon of Yoghurt,
added 3 TBSP of reduced fat coconut milk, and finished it off with 2 TBSP of
cream. In addition to curry leaves, I added kafir lime leaves, onion leaves,
and some lemongrass.

Reply

Nicole

  
This recipe turned out so good! I adjusted the amounts of the spices a bit
more to my taste, but the end result was super tasty! I served it with
cinnamon cardamom rice, and my friend and I really liked it.

Reply

Anna DSouza

Recipe with images has coconut milkâ€¦ And ingredient list doesn't include
coconut milkâ€¦ Is the cur optional or coconut milk?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Anna DSouza

Hi Anna  
Both yogurt and coconut milk are optional.  
You add the yogurt to the pan after the chicken is sauteed. Cook until the
yogurt blends well. Then pour water or coconut milk.

Reply

Nelofer kadoo

  
Love your recipes..easy to understand easy to prepare all the given
recipes..thanks a lot dearâ€¦..lots of love to your effortâ€¦â€¦?????

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Nelofer kadoo

Welcome Nelofer  
Thank you so much!  
ðŸ™‚

Reply

Joginder Singh

  
Thanks for sharing Indian recipes in a simple way. I've tried many dishes
which turned out to be delicious jus by following your step by step
instructions.  
I started cooking recently due to shut down.  
Your website made me a reasonably good cook whose earlier experience was
limited to tea and omelette.  
Thanks again and regards

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Joginder Singh

Hello!  
You are welcome! Great to hear that!  
Thank you!

Reply

Sonu Samuel

  
Enjoyed your haryali chicken. Thank you ma'am. You are great.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Sonu Samuel

Hi Sonu,  
You are welcome! Glad you liked it. Thank you so much!

Reply

Advertisement

Lucy

  
Tried this today..everyone loved it. Thankyou!!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Lucy

Welcome Lucy

Reply

Savitha

You have not mentioned,when to add the dry masala powder

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Savitha

You have to add it with the chicken and fry. I will update it.

Reply

__

ENRICA POLYCARP

__Reply to   swasthi

  
We add both coriander and garan masala powders right ?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   ENRICA POLYCARP

Yes we have to add both. I updated it. Thank you

Reply

Savitha

Missing the step by step pics

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Savitha

Yes Savitha , I don't have the step by step pics. will try to upload sometime.

Reply

Sym

Thanks for sharing such a delicious recipeâ€¦it's tastes yumm

Reply

Divyakala

Tried this recipe yesterday, it had a unique flavor. Very tasty. Thanks for
this easy and different recipe ðŸ™‚

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Divyakala

Welcome Divya

Reply

pushapRana

  
I like all dishes and I learn you all racpie

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   pushapRana

Thanks Pushap Rana

Reply

Advertisement

Masuma

I m making it ryt now .. Hope it will be yum

Reply

Holly

I'm making this right now for dinner. Thank you!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Holly

welcome holly

Reply

Premalatha Aravindhan

woo wow too temptingâ€¦

Reply

PT

wow.. very tempting and droolworthy..

Reply

llimaverda*

gracias por tu visita, me gusta tu blog y el curry:)

Reply

Phong Hong

This is so flavourful and delish!

Reply

Advertisement

kausers kitchen

Droolworthyâ€¦wud luv to have it with rumali roti ..yum yum.<br />Have a lovely
week ahead dear ðŸ™‚

Reply

Sangeetha Priya

Greeny n Juicy Curry, mouthwatering dear ðŸ™‚

Reply

Load Rest of Comments

Advertisement

Advertisement

(C) 2022 Swasthi's Recipes

Insert

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Popular RecipesExpand child menuExpand

    * Matar Paneer
    * Butter Chicken
    * Chana Masala
    * Dal Makhani
    * Gobi Manchurian
    * Chicken Tikka Masala
  * SocialExpand child menuExpand

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Twitter
    * Pinterest
    * Youtube

Toggle Menu Close

Search for:

Search

