https://saffronstreaks.com/recipes/easy-homemade-thai-green-curry-with-chicken/


Type your search query and hit enter:

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

All Rights Reserved

Type your search query and hit enter:

  * VEGETARIAN
  * INDIAN SWEETS
  * FISH
  * RICE / BIRYANI
  * CHICKEN / MUTTON
  * Privacy
  * Recipe Index

Home Easy Homemade Thai Green Curry With Chicken

Categories:  > Poultry & LambRecipes

# Easy Homemade Thai Green Curry With Chicken

Share

  *   *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

# Easy Thai Green Curry Chicken  

The summer is dwindling away, with monsoon slowly engulfing the southern part
of the country , here we will bring forth some Soul Stirring Curries to sooth
your soul, like this **Thai Green Curry With Chicken** , quick and easy to
whip it up under 30 minute.  

Curries are an integral part of all Asian cuisine and Thai curries are in
particular known for their unique aromas, the vibrant colors, their inherent
charm that comes from the army of fresh ingredients that are native to the
land, and the sweet tasting coconut milk that forms the base of almost every
kind of Thai curries.

## **What is Thai Green Curry?**

Thai Green Curry is the most famous one and sought-after dishes, beautifully
vibrant, flavoured by aromatic herbs like Thai basil, lemon grass, stalks of
coriander, Kaffir limes and its leaves, spiced up by Thai bird eye green
chilies. This explosion of flavours are beautifully balanced by thick and
creamy coconut milk.

## **How to make Thai Green Curry Paste at home?**

Thai Green Curry paste is so easy to make at home that you will never want to
buy that can of green curry paste again. All you will need is to assemble and
shop for the ingredients which are almost available in any major cities.

### **Ingredients Required:**

1) **Cilantro** – the citrusy flavour of stalks, stems and leaves of cilantro
forms the base flavour of Thai green curry.  

2) **Lemon Grass** – always use the fresh one for more powerful aroma. This is
one of the essential ingredient of this curry.  

3) **Galangal** – has a distinct flavour and I personally feel that ginger can
not replace it. But still you can substitute it for bit of flavour. (if not
available, you can replace with ginger, but use fresh one).

4) **Shallots** – use small purple ones for more pungency.  

5) **Garlic** , few small cloves.

6) **Thai bird eye green chillies** – it is said the color green comes from
these chillies. But if it is too hot to handle for you, you can adjust the
amount of chillies as per your palate.

7) **Kaffir Limes** – these are difficult to get and one of the essential
ingredient of Thai green curry. But you can substitute it with any other
strong fragrant limes. Limes are added in the curry as zest, peel, juice and
lime leaves for extra boost of flavour.

8) **Thai Basil leaves** – which actually brings out the “Thai flavour” in the
curry to which we are so accustomed to. If you do not have, simply skip it. I
feel that replacing with any other variety of basil will greatly compromise
the flavours and will make all the effort futile.  

9) **Coconut Milk** – thick and creamy coconut milk that beautifully balance
out the sharpness in this curry. This can not be substituted.  

To make the Thai Green Curry paste, all you have to do to blitz all the
ingredients in a blender to a smooth paste. But the best tasting curry paste
are always hand pounded ones. It really makes the difference. If you have
never tried it , then try at least once. You will feel the difference right
away it brings to the curries.

## **What vegetables can be used in Thai green curry?**

Vegetables which are mostly used in Thai green curries are – Thai eggplants,
bamboo shoots, mushrooms, squash and green beans. Here is Stir Fry Thai
Eggplant and Cherry Tomatoes you might like.  

I have used here eggplants, sweet potatoes and baby corns.

## **The Protein Factor ?**

Thai green curry melds beautifully with tofu, paneer (Indian cottage cheese)
and chicken. You can choose any one of these to make your Thai green curry
more wholesome.

I have used boneless chicken in this recipe. I have pan seared the chicken
first, then cut into strips and added into the curry.

You might also like our Stir Fried Tofu with Basil.

You might also like our Thai Red Curry With Mango And Shrimp / Prawn.

Print Recipe

## Thai Green Curry Chicken

Thai Green Curry Chicken recipe, easy and delicious with homemade thai green
curry paste.

Prep Time30 mins

Cook Time30 mins

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Thai

Author: Sukanya Ghosh

### Ingredients

#### Homemade Thai Green Curry Paste

  * 1 cup  Cilantro, leaves, stems and stalks included
  * 2 stalk Lemongrass with bulb
  * 3-4 Shallots, purple small 
  * 3-4 Garlic cloves
  * 50  gm Galangal (substitute with grated ginger 1 tbsp)
  * 5-6 Thai bird eye green chillies
  * 1 Kaffir limes
  * 2-3 sprig Thai Basil Leaves
  * 200 ml Coconut milk
  * 1 tbsp Coriander seeds
  * 1 tbsp Cumin seeds
  * 1 tbsp White pepper seeds
  * Salt to taste

#### Vegetables and Chicken

  * 1 Sweet potatoes 
  * 3-4 Thai green eggplant, small (you can use purple ones too)
  * 5 piece Baby corn
  * 400 gm Chicken breast slices
  * Coconut / cooking oil as required

### Instructions

#### How to make Thai Green Curry paste

  * First wash ,clean and chop the cilantro leaves, stalks and stems.

  * Peel the lemongrass bulb to get the white soft pith inside. Keep it aside. Cut the lemongrass stalks with leaves attached into 10 inch size, this we will add directly in the soup.

  * Wash, clean and chop the galangal. If using ginger, grate it.

  * Chop the green chillies. Zest the kaffir lime or any other lime you are using. Keep the lime juice ready.

  * Dry roast the spices - coriander seeds, cumin seeds, white pepper seeds.

  * Hand pound all the ingredients (cilantro, lemon grass pith / bulb, galangal / ginger, shallots, garlic, green chillies, lime zest and dry roasted spices) in a heavy duty mortar and pestle. Or blitz into a blender into a slightly coarse but smooth paste.

#### Thai Green Curry Chicken

  * Peel and cut the sweet potatoes into roundels. Cut the baby corn into 3inch baton. Cut the eggplants into chunks.

Rub little lime juice, salt and pepper over the chicken breast pieces and
leave aside for 15 min.

  * Heat some cooking oil into a pan and sear the chicken breast on low medium heat till it get lightly browned on both sides. Cut it into strips and keep aside.

  * In a wok or stew pot, warm around 1 tablespoon of coconut oil. Add the Thai green curry paste and saute for 2-3 minutes. Once it starts leaving the sides of the pan, add the vegetables and mix well to coat the vegetables properly. Add salt.

  * Divide the coconut milk into two portions. To the one portion of coconut milk, dilute it with 1 cup water. Add that to the pot, lower the flame and cover and cook till the vegetables are tender and soft. This will take around 15min.

  * Also add the lemon grass stalks, lime leaves into the pot while it is getting simmered on low heat. This will boost up the flavour.

  * Once the curry is ready, add the remaining coconut milk and the chicken strips. Check for the seasonings mainly salt and if needed add 1 tsp sugar too, if it too spicy for you. 

Cook on medium low for another 5 minute.

  * Throw in some fresh Thai basil leaves, squeeze of fresh lime juice and stir well.

  * Remove the lemon grass stalks, lime leaves from the curry, before serving.

Serve Thai Green Curry Chicken warm with plain rice or jasmine rice.

If you want to visit Thailand, here is our Travel logs on Amazing Thailand.

### Related Posts

  * Thai Red Curry With Prawn / Shrimp, Mango & Coconut
  * Thai chicken coconut soup for the first chill of autumn
  * Thai style stir fried tofu with basil
  * Thai grilled squid with green sauce – a guest post by Tes

Tags:  homemade thai green currythai green currythai green curry chicken

1 year ago

Sukanya Ghosh

I am Sukanya Ghosh, the writer, traveler, photographer and the home chef
behind this blog. I believe every food has a story to tell and am on a mission
to discover them.

Next Borscht Style Mutton Stew With Beetroots And Vegetables »

Previous « Mango Phirni / Aam Ki Phirni / Delicious Indian Mango Pudding
Recipe With Rice

Leave a Comment

### Recent Posts

  * Recipes

## 20 Unique Monsoon Special / Rainy Day Recipes

Monsoon Recipes Unique monsoon recipes to soothe our soul. As soon as the dark
sullen clouds gathers fast over the… Read More

2 weeks ago

  * Recipes

## Nolen Gurer Patishapta / Bengali Patishapta Pitha Recipe

Nolen Gurer Patishapta Nolen gurer patishapta , the most sought after sweets
from Bengal, after roshogolla and sandesh. Perfect way… Read More

6 months ago

  * Recipes

## Christmas Plum Cake (Gluten Free) Without Rum

Christmas Plum Cake Hope you all had merry jolly Christmas this year and this
season I had tried this beautiful… Read More

7 months ago

  * Recipes

## Orange Upside Down Cake – Winter Citrus Cake

Orange Upside Down Cake The season’s best cake - an upside down winter citrus
zesty orange cake is here to… Read More

8 months ago

  * Festivals & Occasions

## Easy Thanksgiving Recipes Dinner Menu Ideas

Easy Thanks Giving Recipe Ideas Looking for easy Thanksgiving Recipes ?
Planning out an easy Thanksgiving Menu ? From traditional… Read More

9 months ago

  * Recipes

## Indian Tutti Frutti / Home Made Papaya Fruit Candy With Saffron

Do you love those bright colored candied jewel like confectionery, called
tutti frutti? As a kid I was crazy about… Read More

9 months ago

All Rights Reserved

X

### Headline

Click Here

Accept Reject

Privacy Settings

  *   *   *   *   * 

