https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/green-chicken-curry-4/a8f6d469-166f-4b4f-98dd-eef18bf1e033


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Green chicken curry

  * _15m_ prep
  * _35m_ cook
  * _4_ servings 

6

Save Recipe

1,117 people saved this

27 people made this

This amazing green chicken curry is guaranteed to have your family coming back
for seconds.

Coles Magazine

Fresh recipe inspiration. Free in Coles stores and online.

373 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain yeast, sulphites, mustard and fish.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 10 Ingredients 
  * 4 Method Steps 

#### 10 Ingredients

  * 1 tbsp oil 

  * 1 onion, sliced 

  * 1/4 cup green curry paste 

  * 1 cup chicken stock 

  * 400ml can coconut milk 

  * 2 cups barbecued chicken, shredded 

  * 100g green beans, trimmed and halved 

  * 1 zucchini, sliced 

  * 1/4 cup coriander leaves 

  * Rice, to serve 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 4 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Heat oil  (1 tbsp oil) in a large saucepan on high. Cook onion  (1 onion,
sliced) for 2-3 minutes, until tender.

  * Step 2

Blend in curry paste  (1/4 cup green curry paste) and cook for 1 minute until
fragrant. Stir in stock  (1 cup chicken stock) and coconut milk  (400ml can
coconut milk). Bring to the boil on high. Reduce heat to low and simmer,
covered for 10 minutes.

  * Step 3

Stir in chicken  (2 cups barbecued chicken, shredded), green beans  (100g
green beans, trimmed and halved) and zucchini  (1 zucchini, sliced). Simmer,
uncovered for a further 2-3 minutes, until beans are tender and chicken is
hot. Season to taste.

  * Step 4

Remove from heat. Stir through coriander leaves  (1/4 cup coriander leaves)
and serve with rice  (Rice, to serve).

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

27 people made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

1,117 people saved this

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by (N/A)

##  Popular on Taste

  1. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  2. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  3. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

  4. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  5. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

  6. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

  7. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

  8. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

