https://maysimpkin.com/thai-chicken-green-curry/


__

  * About

    * About Me
    * My Story
    * May Simpkin Testimonials

  * Work With May

    * Ways to Work with May
    * The New Healthy
    * 1:1 Appointments
    * 6 Week Health Improvement Programme
    * Online Learning

      * Meal Planning Video Course
      * Intermittent Fasting - Get Started Guide
      * Accidentally Vegan - A Lifestyle Choice
      * Thermomix Cooking Experience

    * Media/Corporate Consulting

      * Media Nutrition Consultant
      * Nutrition Speaker – Talks & Workshops
      * Corporate Wellness

  * Recipes

    * All Recipes
    * Breakfasts
    * Main Meals
    * Quick Meals and Snacks
    * Salads and Soups
    * Goodies
    * Collections
    * May Simpkin Cookaway

  * Events with May
  * Retreats

    * Yoga Health Retreat
    * Yoga Health Retreat Gallery

  * Articles
  * Log In

__ __

May Simpkin, UK registered Nutritionist MSc (MBANT) shares a no-nonsense
approach to healthy eating, backed up with expert qualified advice.

* * *

    * About

      * About Me
      * My Story
      * May Simpkin Testimonials

    * Work With May

      * Ways to Work with May
      * The New Healthy
      * 1:1 Appointments
      * 6 Week Health Improvement Programme
      * Online Learning

        * Meal Planning Video Course
        * Intermittent Fasting - Get Started Guide
        * Accidentally Vegan - A Lifestyle Choice
        * Thermomix Cooking Experience

      * Media/Corporate Consulting

        * Media Nutrition Consultant
        * Nutrition Speaker – Talks & Workshops
        * Corporate Wellness

    * Recipes

      * All Recipes
      * Breakfasts
      * Main Meals
      * Quick Meals and Snacks
      * Salads and Soups
      * Goodies
      * Collections
      * May Simpkin Cookaway

    * Events with May
    * Retreats

      * Yoga Health Retreat
      * Yoga Health Retreat Gallery

    * Articles
    * Log In

__ __

* * *

Copyright © May Simpkin Site Made With ♥️ By Gossh  Expert 2xN

__

# Easy Thai Chicken Green Curry Recipe

If you're looking for an incredibly flavoursome family or dinner party meal
easy that's super easy to make, this Thai Chicken Green curry is the one! The
fresh paste ingredients are so full of flavour and aromatic, that it's one of
the few curries that is just as tasty eaten immediately rather than making it
in advance. As always, I like to include plenty of veggies which works really
well with the delicious sauce….it's so tasty, it's guaranteed to be a winner!
For a delicious vegan/vegetarian alternative, the recipe can easily be made
without meat or it can be served with grilled chicken on the side.

## To make this Thai Chicken Green Curry….

###### Serves 4

###### For the Thai Chicken Green Curry paste, you’ll need:

  * 2 inch piece fresh ginger, unpeeled
  * 4 cloves garlic
  * 1 large bunch fresh coriander, roughly chopped, keeping stalks
  * 1 large onion, quartered or 6 spring onions, roughly chopped
  * 1 or 2 small green chilis, seeded and roughly chopped
  * 2 stalks fresh lemongrass
  * 4 kaffir lime leaves, roughly chopped (optional, if available)
  * 2 inch piece of galangal (optional, if available)
  * Juice of half a lime
  * 2 tbsp raw cashews



  * 3 large (or 4 small) chicken breasts, butterflied into 2 halves and cut into thin strips
  * 2 tbsp coconut oil
  * 1 400g tin coconut milk
  * selection of vegetables 
    * 1 large courgette, sliced into 1/2 cm discs
    * 1 pack baby sweetcorn, halved lengthways
    * 200g button mushrooms, cut into halves/quarters depending on size
    * 1 carrot, cut into thin discs
    * 1 green pepper, cut into slices
  * 1 fresh lime, cut into wedges
  * Salt & pepper



###### Here’s how…..

Put all the paste ingredients into a food processor and blend to a course
paste.

Heat the coconut oil in a large saucepan or wok and add the paste; cook on a
moderate heat for 1 minute, stirring continuously to gently release the
flavours but taking care it doesn't burn. Add the coconut milk and bring to
the boil. Reduce heat and allow to simmer for approximately 5 mins, until the
sauce has thickened slightly. Season well.

Add the chicken, uncooked, to the curry. Allow to cook for 10 mins, stirring
gently at the beginning.

Now add the vegetables and cook for a further 3-4 minutes so that the
vegetables are cooked but still retain their vibrant colour and are a little
tender. Check seasoning.

Toast raw cashews over a low heat in a frying pan (without oil), tossing
continuously until browned slightly

Serve with brown rice, garnishing with toasted cashews, a sprinkle fresh
coriander and a squeeze of fresh lime.

###### Alternatives:

This Thai Chicken Green curry recipe is so versatile;

  * For a quick version, this recipe works very well with a more simple paste; simply blend just fresh Coriander, Ginger, Garlic & Chilli into the paste (no need for kaffir lime leaves, galangal or lemongrass if these are limited)
  * You can use any vegetables; take care not to overcook and add the vegetables that take longer to cook first to retain tenderness. Try broccoli, cauliflower, aubergine and mixed peppers.
  * For a VEGAN option, replace the chicken with cubed Tofu; sauté the tofu in a little coconut oil beforehand for added flavour

###### Tip

  * If using a Thermomix cooking machine, the paste ingredients can be chopped by dropping in each ingredient, one by one, onto a running blade at speed 10. Scrape down the sides once finished.
  * Save time and make extra paste; it'll keep in the fridge or a week or so. Try making a green curry soup, using vegetables and thin rice noodles. The flavour is all in the paste!

[gosyoutube gos_attr_src="https://youtu.be/OA5iCWIexcE"][/gosyoutube]



## Thai Chicken Green Curry

May Simpkin

If you’re looking for an incredibly flavoursome family or dinner party meal
easy that’s super easy to make, this Thai Chicken Green curry is the one! The
fresh paste ingredients are so full of flavour and aromatic, that it’s one of
the few curries that is just as tasty eaten immediately rather than making it
in advance. As always, I like to include plenty of veggies which works really
well with the delicious sauce….it’s so tasty, it’s guaranteed to be a winner!
For a delicious vegan/vegetarian alternative, the recipe can easily be made
without meat or it can be served with grilled chicken on the side.

5 from 3 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Course Main Course

Cuisine Thai

Servings 4 people

### Ingredients

  

#### To make this Thai Chicken Green Curry….

  * 3 large chicken breasts cut into thin strips
  * 2 tbsp Coconut oil
  * 1 tin Coconut Milk
  * 1 cup chicken stock
  * 2 large courgettes sliced into 1/2 cm discs
  * Handful baby sweetcorn halved lengthways
  * 1 fresh Lime cut into wedges
  * Salt & Pepper

#### For the paste, you’ll need:

  * 1 2 inch piece fresh Ginger unpeeled
  * 4 cloves Garlic
  * 1 large bunch fresh Coriander roughly chopped, keeping stalks
  * 1 large onion quartered or 6 spring onions, roughly chopped
  * 1 or 2 small green chilis seeded and roughly chopped
  * 4 Kaffir Lime leaves roughly chopped
  * 2 inch piece of galangal
  * 2 stalks fresh lemongrass
  * Juice of half a Lime
  * 2 tbsp shredded coconut

### Instructions



  * Put all the paste ingredients into a food processor and blend to a course paste.

  * Heat the coconut oil in a large saucepan or wok and add the paste; cook on a moderate heat for 1 minute, stirring continuously to gently release the flavours but taking care it doesn’t burn. Add the stock and then the coconut milk and bring to the boil. Reduce heat and allow to simmer for approximately 5 mins, until the sauce has thickened slightly.

  * Add the chicken, uncooked, to the curry. Allow to cook for 10 mins, stirring gently at the beginning.

  * Add the vegetables and cook for a further 3-4 minutes so that the vegetables are cooked but still retain their vibrant colour and are a little tender. Season well.

  * Toast raw cashews over a low heat in a frying pan (without oil), tossing continuously until browned slightly

#### Serve with brown rice, garnishing with a sprinkle fresh coriander and a
squeeze of fresh lime.

### Notes

 **Alternatives:**

This Thai Chicken Green curry recipe is so versatile;

  * For a quick version, this recipe works very well with a more simple paste; simply blend just fresh Coriander, Ginger, Garlic & Chilli into the paste (no need for kaffir lime leaves, galangal or lemongrass if these are limited)
  * You can use any vegetables; take care not to overcook and add the vegetables that take longer to cook first to retain tenderness. Try broccoli, cauliflower, aubergine and mixed peppers.
  * For a VEGAN option, replace the chicken with cubed Tofu; sauté the tofu in a little coconut oil beforehand for added flavour

**Tip If using a Thermomix cooking machine:**

The paste ingredients can be chopped by dropping in each ingredient, one by
one, onto a running blade at speed 10. Scrape down the sides once finished.
Save time and make extra paste; it’ll keep in the fridge or a week or so. Try
making a green curry soup, using vegetables and thin rice noodles. The flavour
is all in the paste!

Keyword Chicken, Curry, Thai

* * *

### **Want to get started with Intermittent Fasting?**

### Check out my comprehensive beginner's guide to get you going.

### CLICK HERE FOR MORE

* * *

__Share on Facebook __Share on Twitter

  * The New Healthy Home
  * Learn
  * Move
  * Restore
  * Connect
  * Meal inspiration
  * New Healthy Events
  * Healthy Recipes
  * Articles
  * My Account

Search

* * *

###  5 Comments

  * ##### Roger & Lynne Dyer

22nd November 2020 Reply

Hello May  
We cooked your Thai green curry last night.  
To be honest, when I saw the list of ingredients (one of which I’d never heard
of!) I was sceptical if we would be able to buy them all. Surprise, surprise -
Sainsbury’s had them all - including the galangal and Kefir lime leaves.  
Once equipped with all the ingredients, thanks to your recipe and easy to
understand instructions, the rest was plain sailing.  
The result - We loved it - the best Thai Green Curry we have ever eaten (and
smelt!) - all those fresh ingredients make such a difference. I will never buy
another curry paste again!

    * ##### May Simpkin

22nd November 2020 Reply

Yay! Love reading this and so happy you made enjoyed it so much!

  * ##### Kathryn Hanff

23rd November 2020 Reply

One Thai green curry - with a few veg adaptations to fit what I had in the
fridge.......smells AMAZING - fantastic paste and super quick. Thank you
again....it’s delicious xx

  * ##### ashok

17th February 2021 Reply

My Family Loved it. I am definitely sharing Guys, Thanks For sharing this
Great Recipe. this recipe and this website with my friend. Hope they also love
it. Thank you again for sharing such a great recipe.

### Leave a Reply Cancel

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment:

Your Name:

Email Address:

Your URL:

Δ

### More recent stories

4th March 2019 Super Simple Healthy Oat Pancakes Read More

4th February 2019 Roasted Aubergines with Walnut Salsa Verde Read More

14th January 2022 Protein Rich Vegetable and Quinoa Soup Read More

###### May Simpkin

  * About me
  * My Story
  * Blog
  * Privacy Policy

###### Work with May

  * Work with May
  * The New Healthy
  * Events with May
  * Health Retreats

###### Recipes

  * Healthy Recipes
  * Recipes Collections
  * Recipes Main Meals
  * Recipes Goodies

###### The New Healthy

  * Join The New Healthy
  * Members Login
  * My Account

Copyright © May Simpkin Site Made With ♥️ By Gossh  Expert 2xN

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

__

