https://www.eatcookexplore.com/malaysian-chilli-crab-recipe/


Eat Cook Explore

Insatiably Curious

  * Reviews
    * Restaurants
    * Products
    * Sunday Selection
  * Travel
    * Hotels
    * Travel Gear
  * Recipes
  * Lifestyle
    * Giveaways
  * Store
  * About
    * Contact
    * PR and Disclosure

You are here: Home / Recipes / Malaysian Chilli Crab Recipe

November 17, 2015 By May EatCookExplore 2 Comments

# Malaysian Chilli Crab Recipe

Sharing is caring!

  *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

This is one of those ultra memorable dishes that a lot of visitors to Malaysia
rave about. There are a lot of seafood restaurants in Malaysia. These are
commonly neighbourhood restaurants, quite basic, sometimes open air and have
plastic table cloths. The menus at these places are usually just a simple list
of shellfish available that day from Sri Lankan to Indonesian crabs to local
prawns, all sold by the kilo. You just order enough for the size of your table
and the choice of sauce. This changes from one restaurant to the other. Of
course, the **Chilli Crab** is ubiquitous. The other popular flavours are
ginger and onion, salt and pepper, marmite and belacan.

Our old favourite seafood restaurant in Kuala Lumpur is Hai Peng on Old Klang
Road and more recently Greenview in SS2 in Petaling Jaya (also famous for the
Sang Ha Prawn Noodles). We have been ardent fans of the chilli crab there for
years and they always serve it with the old fashioned Hainan coffee shop
toast.

 **Recreating this recipe for the #HeinzChilliSauceOff**

This was a cooking competition hosted by Heinz where Lisa Faulkner was the
judge. The challenge was to cook a dish using their new range of chilli
sauces. The flavours are Sweet Chilli Sauce, Sriracha sauce, Jerk BBQ, Hot
Pepper and Peri Peri.

I didn't read the invite too carefully as I thought it was a cooking lesson
with Lisa but instead, we had to cook. Not one to shy away from a cooking
challenge, I cooked this dish, recipe below. It is not that difficult to cook.
If you have never cooked or eaten crabs before, you might enjoy starting with
this one. Once all the ingredients have been prepared, it is quite simple and
quick to do.

This was the dish that I came up with for Lisa to judge and I won. There were
4 enormous crabs, I cooked them all so that all the others could try some too.
It is a messy job eating this but you just have to get stuck in and get your
hands dirty.

My winning Malaysian Chilli Crab dish

There were some clever dishes that night too like crab cakes, vegetarian
buffalo wings (with cauliflower), chicken skewers and a fab Caribbean mango
salad.

Here is the winning recipe. You don't have to follow the exact measurements. I
like to make a lot more sauce as it's very moreish and you will want to keep
dipping that toast in there. The resulting sauce should not be sweet. It is
mainly hot and a bit tangy. Instead of crabs, you can use prawns in this
recipe too, but use the ones with shells on.

Have a go and let me know how it goes.

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

## Malaysian Chilli Crab Recipe

### Ingredients

  * 3 tablespoons sriracha chilli sauce
  * 5 tablespoons sweet chilli sauce
  * 3 tablespoons soy sauce
  * 1 tablespoon sugar
  * 3 tablespoons rice-wine vinegar
  * 3 tablespoons tomato paste or ketchup if you don't have any
  * 1 teaspoon sesame oil
  * 1 cup chopped shallots about 8 ounces
  * 4 cloves garlic sliced
  * 1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger
  * teaspoon salt
  * 1 tablespoon peanut oil or any other cooking oil
  * 4 small crabs cleaned and split, large claws slightly cracked About 1.5kg
  * 1 egg beaten
  * spring onions and red chilli for garnish
  * serve with toast

### Instructions

  * Prepare the crabs, take of the main shell, take off the claws and cut the legs into two pieces.

  * For the sauce, in a very hot wok, fry the garlic and ginger in a little oil. About 1 min, don't let the garlic burn.

  * Put all the ingredients for the sauce (except the cornstarch) in the wok and stir, lower the heat.

  * Mix the cornstarch in a few tablespoons of water to form a runny liquid. Add a few tablespoons to the sauce to thicken it. It should become a bit more gluey to adhere to the crabs.

  * When the right consistency has been reached, adjust seasoning to taste.

  * Add the crabs and coat with the sauce. If raw, cook this until the crabs change colour and is cooked through about 7 minutes. If cooked, then cook until the crabs are warmed through.

  * Dish it all out onto one big serving platter. Sprinkle on some spring onions for colour.

  * Serve hot with slices of toast or steamed rice.

 _Thanks to_ Heinz _for supplying the chilli sauces._

5 / 5 stars  

Sharing is caring!

  *   *   * 

Filed Under: Recipes Tagged With: #Heinzchillisauceoff, chilli, crabs,
Malaysian Recipe

¬´ French Goats cheese, bacon and Sweet Potato Rosti

Celebrating Mexican Day of the Dead at Wahaca's Fiesta ¬ª

### Comments

  1. Spanish Homemade says

February 22, 2016 at 10:29 pm

That looks really yummy!

We may try it one of these days after coming from one of our paella catering
events in Surrey. I hope we can make as delicious as it looks here!

Thanks a lot!

Reply

    * Food & Travel Blogger says

February 27, 2016 at 8:53 pm

It's quite easy to do and you should try it.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Œî

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

Custom Search

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

#### Follow me on Twitter

Tweets by eatcookexplore_

#### Latest Posts

## Nespresso's Brazilian Inspired Summer Collection

## Kasa and Kin casual Filipino restaurant

## Cooking with La Espanola Extra Virgin Olive Oil

## Atul Kochhar's Riwaz Beaconsfield

## Fireheart Artisan Coffee at Korto Muswell Hill

#### Restaurants By Cuisine

American  
Argentinian  
British  
Chinese  
French  
Indian  
Italian  
Japanese  
Malaysian  
Mexican  
Street Food  
Afternoon Tea  
BBQ  
Michelin

#### Twitter Updates

Tweets by @eatcookexplore_

### eatcookexplore

üíâüíâ üíâüíØ  
üç£ Eater, Cook & Travel Writer Insatiably Curious  
Skier, Hiker, Diver, Golfer, Adventurer  
üßòüèª‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏èüöµüèª‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏èüèåüèª‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏èKeeping Active #ecxtravel #ecxfood

  
A Mexican lunch. Delish tacos from @herdezmexico ,  
  

  
Preview of the historic #africafashion exhibition  
  

  
@sterminshotel celebrating the Queen‚Äôs #platinum  
  

  
INVITE Limited edition #afternoontea @chelseaharbo  
  

  
Invite Fabulous afternoon tea @thebiltmoremayfair  
  

  
Ad Cooking with Extra Virgin Olive Oil- a mastercl  
  

  
The tasting menu @riwazbucks by @chefatulkochhar i  
  

  
Spring has arrived in London. Streets are showere  
  

  
AD A celebration meal with luscious gunma #wagyube  
  

  
Today is the 15th day of Chinese New Year, also kn  
  

  
‚ú®The 12th day of Christmas. ‚ú®

Today is the da  
  

  
‚ú®üéÑüçæü•ÇWishing everyone a very Merry Chris  
  

  
Tasting #EnglishSparkling #wine @nyetimber on thei  
  

  
Autumn leaves üçÇ

Early morning in London, walki  
  

  
All dressed up for Halloween. From pretty botanica  
  

  
Ad | Presstrip üìçNewcastle Gateshead

Beautiful  
  

  
AD| Invite Experience a truly Milanese aperitivo @  
  

  
AD| Invite Experience a truly Milanese aperitivo @  
  

  
Load More‚Ä¶  
  

  
  
Follow on Instagram  
  

  

#### Navigation

  * Restaurant Reviews
  * Product Reviews
  * Recipes
  * Sunday Selection
  * Food Producers
  * Travel
  * Hotel Reviews
  * Giveaways
  * Contact

 **Images and content unless otherwise indicated Copyright ¬© Eat Cook Explore
2009-2021**

  

#### You might also like

## Nespresso's Brazilian Inspired Summer Collection

## Kasa and Kin casual Filipino restaurant

## Cooking with La Espanola Extra Virgin Olive Oil

## Atul Kochhar's Riwaz Beaconsfield

## Fireheart Artisan Coffee at Korto Muswell Hill

#### Affiliate Disclosure

Eat Cook Explore participates in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program,
an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn
commissions by linking to Amazon. In more human terms, this means that
whenever you buy a product on Amazon from a link on here, I get a small
percentage of its price and it doesn't cost you anything more. That helps
support the site by offsetting a fraction of what it takes to maintain the
site, and is very much appreciated.

Copyright (C) 2022

Copyright (C) 2022

This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok
with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read More

Privacy & Cookies Policy

Close

#### Privacy Overview

This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate
through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as
necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of
basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that
help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be
stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to
opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect
your browsing experience.

Necessary

Necessary

Always Enabled

Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function
properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic
functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not
store any personal information.

Non-necessary

Non-necessary

Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function
and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads,
other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory
to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.

SAVE & ACCEPT

