https://www.delicious.com.au/recipes/jamie-olivers-chilli-crab/99165633-3563-4426-abfa-d42d32170bf2


Log In / Sign Up

Welcome,

Subscribe __

  * Recipes 
  * Eat Out 
  * Travel 
  * Drinks 
  * Entertaining 
  * Food News 
  * Produce Awards 

Search __

# Jamie Oliver's chilli crab is your Friday night sorted

serves

-

Prep Time

-

Cook Time

-

Ingredients

18

Difficulty

Easy

__________

__________

(0)

This Singaporean chilli crab recipe is a real treat and best eaten with your
hands – don’t forget the crab crackers and finger bowls!

##### by Jamie Oliver

##### Food legend, influencer, activist, Naked Chef, delicious. contributor

##### Sep 09, 2019

__Save to Cookbook __Save to Cookbook

This Singaporean chilli crab recipe is a real treat and best eaten with your
hands – don’t forget the crab crackers and finger bowls!

#### Ingredients

  * 1 large cooked mud crab (about 1.2kg) 
  * 1 bunch coriander, leaves picked, stalks reserved 
  * 4 spring onions, white parts finely chopped, green parts sliced into thin matchsticks 
  * 2 tbs peanut oil 
  * 1 garlic clove, finely chopped 
  * 3cm piece ginger, finely grated 
  * 1 long red chilli, seeds removed, finely chopped, plus extra sliced to serve 
  * 1/2 tsp cornflour, combined with 100ml warm water 
  * Roti canai (optional – recipe also online), to serve 

####  Chilli sauce

  * 1 white onion, chopped 
  * 2 garlic cloves, chopped 
  * 3 small red chillies, chopped 
  * 2 lemongrass stalks (inner core only), bruised, chopped 
  * 1 tbs white wine vinegar 
  * 1 tsp brown sugar 
  * 11/2 tbs tomato paste 
  * 1 tbs sweet chilli sauce 
  * 1 tsp shrimp paste 

Don't forget you can add these ingredients to your Woolworths shopping list.

Close

#### Method

  * 1.

To prepare the crab, twist off the legs and claws. Turn the crab upside-down,
hold both sides and use your thumbs to push under the central body until it
breaks away. Remove and discard the spongy gills and pick out any white meat.
Scoop out the brown meat from the main shell and place in a bowl. Crack the
large claws in half and pick out the meat. Reserve the legs, claws and meat
and discard the other parts of the crab.

  * 2.

Fill a bowl with iced water and add the coriander leaves, as well as the
sliced green spring onion – this will make the onion curl up.

  * 3.

For the chilli sauce, whiz all ingredients in a food processor, along with
reserved coriander stalks, until a rough paste.

  * 4.

Heat 1 tbs oil in a frypan over medium heat. Cook the chilli sauce for 8-10
minutes until softened and coloured.

  * 5.

Heat remaining 1 tbs oil in a wok over medium heat. Add the chopped white
spring onion, garlic, ginger and chilli, and fry for 10 minutes or until
cooked through.

  * 6.

Add the crab legs and claws. Stir in the chilli sauce and cornflour mixture,
season and simmer for 5 minutes, then remove from the heat and add the
crabmeat.

  * 7.

Serve with a good sprinkling of the drained coriander leaves, green spring
onions and extra chilli, with roti canai for dipping into the sauce, if using.

__Save __Save

  

Save to cookbook

Save to

__

-Or-

Create new cookbook

__Save to Cookbook

#### COMMENTS

### Join the conversation

Log in Register

View More __**+**

###  Latest News

  1. ###  Australia lifts all Covid international border restrictions

  2. ###  Huddle up at these four Igloo dining experiences in Melbourne

  3. ###  50 inventive ways with beans for breakfast, lunch and tea

  4. ###  100 beautiful islands to add to your post-pandemic bucket list

  5. ###  The VaxPass has launched! Here's how to prove your vax status when you sign in

  6. ###  When will the Sydney lockdown end? NSW's path back to 'normal life'

  7. ###  8 countries keen to welcome digital nomads and remote workers post-pandemic

  8. ###  Prep your feeds, jacaranda season has arrived. Here's where to find the best blooms

  9. ###  Just in: Freedom Day plan revealed including key dates for domestic and international travel

  10. ###  Get out your blanket, picnics are back on in Melbourne from tomorrow

  11. ###  Just in: restaurants and bars will be first to reopen on Freedom Day

  12. ###  Just in: Five people will soon be able to gather outside in certain Sydney LGAs

Subscribe to Delicious

### A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. _delicious._ may receive an affiliate
commission if you buy through our links. Learn more.

(C) 2022 NewsLifeMedia. All rights reserved.

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * Code of Conduct
  * About Us
  * Contact Us
  * Annual Recipe Index

Other sites:

  * news.com.au
  * Taste.com.au
  * Best Recipes
  * Vogue
  * GQ
  * Kidspot
  * Escape

Success

Info

Warning

Danger

__

##### Our most popular searches

  * Pasta
  * Soups
  * Cake

  * Welcome, 
  * Edit profile
  * View my cookbooks
  * Club delicious.
  * Log out

subscribe to delicious.

log in

sign up

Sign up to save recipes, get the latest news and enter our competitions.

OR

Or, sign up using your email address

delicious. newsletters

Daily newsletter - Delivers the day's best recipes, trending news and hot
reviews every afternoon

By registering you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.  
  
By registering you agree to be updated on new offers, products and services
from News Pty Limited and any of its related companies using contact details
provided.

About our Privacy Policy __

Our  Privacy Policy includes important information about our collection, use
and disclosure of your personal information (including to provide you with
targeted advertising based on your online activities). It explains that if you
do not provide us with information we have requested from you, we may not be
able to provide you with the goods and services you require. It also explains
how you can access or seek correction of your personal information, how you
can complain about a breach of the Australian Privacy Principles and how we
will deal with a complaint of that nature.

Already a member? **Log in**

We still need some details from you…

delicious newsletters

Daily newsletter - Delivers the day's best recipes, trending news and hot
reviews every afternoon *

Weekly newsletter - Receive an edit of the week's best recipes, reviews, news
and interviews every Friday *

**I would like to receive special offers & announcements from Delicious** *

* Yes, I agree to the delicious. Terms & Conditions and the News Corp Australia Privacy Policy

By registering you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.  
  
By registering you agree to be updated on new offers, products and services
from News Pty Limited and any of its related companies using contact details
provided.

Please now check your email to complete the registration process.

Return to home

log in

sign up

OR

Remember me

Forgot your password?

Please enter your email address to reset your password

Back to Sign In

An email regarding your password change has been sent to your email address.

Back to Sign In

Submit

Cancel

We have not verified that the email belongs to you. Please check your inbox
for the verification email.

To resend the verification email, please enter your email address and click
Submit.

To log in with a different account click here.

You have previously logged in with a different social network, or you may have
already registered with delicious., Vogue, or GQ before. Please log in using
these details.

Connect with your existing social network account:

Or, provide your existing site password:

Forgot your password?

To create a new account, click here.

Year of Birth 1922 1923 1924 1925 1926 1927 1928 1929 1930 1931 1932 1933 1934
1935 1936 1937 1938 1939 1940 1941 1942 1943 1944 1945 1946 1947 1948 1949
1950 1951 1952 1953 1954 1955 1956 1957 1958 1959 1960 1961 1962 1963 1964
1965 1966 1967 1968 1969 1970 1971 1972 1973 1974 1975 1976 1977 1978 1979
1980 1981 1982 1983 1984 1985 1986 1987 1988 1989 1990 1991 1992 1993 1994
1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009
2010 2011 2012

Gender Male Female

Country Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla
Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Armenia Aruba Australia
Austria Azerbaijan Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus
Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana
Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria
Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands
Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling)
Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook
Islands Costa Rica Cote Divoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Cyprus Czech Republic
Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Easter Island Ecuador Egypt El
Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands
(Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia
French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Georgia Germany Ghana
Gibraltar Greece Greenland Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea
Guinea-bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Honduras Hong
Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy
Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, North Korea,
South Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab
Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar
Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania
Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of
Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru
Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua
Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman
Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru
Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia
Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and
Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and
Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone
Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia
and The South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan
Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United
Republic of Thailand Timor-leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia Turkey Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda
Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor
Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam
Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara
Yemen Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe

Update your newsletter subscriptions

Change Password

For security reasons your password needs to be changed

