https://steamykitchen.com/40175-singapore-chili-crab-recipe.html


  * Reverse Meal Plan
    * Reverse Meal Plan
    * Love Your Leftovers
    * Fridge Detox Challenge
  * Recipes
    * Recipe Index
    * Buddha Bowls
      * Buddha Bowl Recipes
      * Buddha Bowl Products
    * Microwave Cooking
  * Giveaways
    * Current Giveaways
    * VIP Giveaways
    * Steamy Kitchen Games
    * Winners List
    * FAQs
  * Shop
  * About
    * About
    * Work With Me
    * Jaden's Blog
    * Media

  * Reverse Meal Plan
    * Reverse Meal Plan
    * Love Your Leftovers
    * Fridge Detox Challenge
  * Recipes
    * Recipe Index
    * Buddha Bowls
      * Buddha Bowl Recipes
      * Buddha Bowl Products
    * Microwave Cooking
  * Giveaways
    * Current Giveaways
    * VIP Giveaways
    * Steamy Kitchen Games
    * Winners List
    * FAQs
  * Shop
  * About
    * About
    * Work With Me
    * Jaden's Blog
    * Media

# Singapore Chili Crab

by Jaden | Appetizers/Bites, Asian, Chinese New Year, Main Course, Recipes |
12 comments

Think someone else may like this? Share the love!

  * Facebook
  * Pinterest
  * Email
  * Print

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

Singapore Chili Crab is one of the world's most popular dishes. Succulent crab
simmered in a thick, sweet, savory and spicy sauce. From Southeast Asia's Best
Recipes Cookbook.

## What's So Good About Singapore Chili Crab

  * Singapore Chili Crab is one of **the most popular Asian crab dishes**. Simmer crab in a thick, sweet, savory and spicy sauce.
  *  **Simple authentic recipe** , with a homemade Chili-Ginger Sauce that heightens the flavor
  *  **Substitute jumbo-sized shrimp for the crab** , if desired
  * This famous Singapore Chili Crab has been named a "national dish" of Singapore, and named #35 on the list of CNN's list of "World's 50 Best Foods.

## Ingredients

  * Live crab
  * Oil
  * Shallots
  * Garlic, ginger, bird's eye chilies
  * Chicken stock
  * Hot bean paste
  * Chili sauce
  * Canned tomato sauce
  * Sugar
  * Rice wine
  * Salt and white pepper
  * Cornstarch
  * Eggs

## How To Make This Singapore Chili Crab

Place the live crabs in the freezer for 15 minutes to immobilize them. Cut in
half, lengthwise with a cleaver or large chef's knife and remove the back and
discard the spongy grey matter. Take off the claws and crack in several places
with a cleaver. Cut each body half into two to three pieces, leaving the legs
attached.

Make the Chili-Ginger Sauce by whisking all the ingredients in a bowl. Set
aside.

Heat the oil in a wok over medium-low heat and add the shallots, garlic,
ginger and chilies. Stir-fry until fragrant, about 3 minutes, then add the
Chili-Ginger Sauce, chicken stock, hot bean paste, chili sauce, tomato sauce,
sugar, rice wine, salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat and
simmer for 2 minutes. Add the crab pieces and simmer, uncovered, turning
several times, until the shells are bright red and the crabs are cooked, about
10 minutes.

Add the cornstarch/water mixture and stir until the sauce thickens, about 30
seconds. Add the eggs and stir until set, then transfer the chili crab to a
serving dish and serve with crusty bread.

## Singapore Chili Crab

Fresh crab is simmered in a base of sweet chili sauce, fresh chilies, ginger,
garlic and tomato sauce -- it can be made as spicy as you wish! Another
signature element of this dish is the delicate ribbons of egg to thicken and
add body to the sauce.

This is a messy dish, to be eaten with a stack of napkins and crusty French
bread or steamed Chinese buns to mop up all of the sauce.

## Why Do You Cook Crabs Live?

Crabs and other shellfish have harmful bacteria naturally present in their
flesh. Once the lobster is dead, these bacteria can rapidly multiply and
release toxins that may not be destroyed by **cooking**.  **You** therefore
minimize the chance of food poisoning by  **cooking**  the lobster  **alive**.

## What is Hot Bean Paste?

Chinese Hot Bean Paste or Chili Bean Sauce is made from fresh chilies and
fermented broad (fava) beans and soy beans.

This Sichuan style sauce adds a spicy, salty, umami-rich flavor to any dish. A
spoonful of the sauce into any Chinese noodle dish will spice it up! We also
use a spoonful in Mapo Tofu as well.

 **Other names:**  
Hot Bean Paste  
Broad Bean Paste  
Chili Soy Bean Paste  
Toban Djan  
Dou Ban Jiang  
辣豆瓣酱

You can find this Hot Bean Sauce in most Asian grocery stores and online. If
you find "Bean Sauce" (basically, the sauce without the chilies, you can
substitute 3 tablespoons + minced red chilies in this Singapore Chili Crab
recipe. The Bean Sauce without the chilies is saltier, that's why we decrease
the amount used.

## Top Tips For Singapore Chili Crab

  * Crabs need to be rinsed well and cleaned.
  * Place the crabs in the freezer to immobilize them.
  * Use kitchen shears to slice through the sides of the legs.  You'll get easy access to the leg meat with less effort and mess.
  * Serve with crusty bread.

## Check Out These Other Delicious Crab Recipes

  * Baked Crab Rangoon
  * Crab and Chinese Sausage Fried Rice
  * Chinese Soup Dumplings Recipe (with Pork & Crab)
  * Prawns with Coconut Milk and Preserved Crab Fat (Ginataang Hipon with Gata and Taba ng Talangka)

Have you tried this Singapore Chili Crab recipe? Feel free to leave a star
rating and I'd love to hear from you in the comments below!

## Singapore Chili Crab

Jaden Hair

Singapore Chili Crab is one of the world's most popular dishes. Succulent crab
simmered in a thick, sweet, savory and spicy sauce. From Southeast Asia's Best
Recipes Cookbook.  
  

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 40 mins

Cook Time 20 mins

Total Time 1 hr

Course Appetizer, Main Course

Cuisine Asian

Servings 4 servings

Calories 437 kcal

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * 3-4 pounds live crab
  * 2 tablespoons oil
  * 6 shallots minced
  * 6 large cloves garlic minced
  * 2 tablespoons finely minced ginger
  * 3 red bird's eye chilies minced
  * 3 1/2 cups 875 ml chicken stock
  * 4 tablespoons hot bean paste
  * 1/4 cup 60 ml bottled chili sauce
  * 1/2 cup 125ml canned tomato sauce
  * 1 tablespoon sugar
  * 2 tablespoons Chinese rice wine or dry sherry
  * 2 teaspoons salt
  * 1 teaspoon white pepper or black pepper
  * 2 tablespoons cornstarch mixed with 3 tablespoons water
  * 2 eggs lightly beaten
  * FOR THE CHILI GINGER SAUCE:
  * 6 red finger-length chilies minced
  * 5 cloves garlic minced
  * 2 tablespoons finely minced ginger
  * 2 teaspoons sugar
  * 1/2 teaspoon salt
  * 1 teaspoon rice vinegar
  * 1 tablespoon water

### Instructions



  * Place the live crabs in the freezer for 15 minutes to immobilize them. Cut in half, lengthwise with a cleaver or large chef's knife and remove the back and discard the spongy grey matter. Take off the claws and crack in several places with a cleaver. Cut each body half into two to three pieces, leaving the legs attached.

  * Make the Chili-Ginger Sauce by whisking all the ingredients in a bowl. Set aside.

  * Heat the oil in a wok over medium-low heat and add the shallots, garlic, ginger and chilies. Stir-fry until fragrant, about 3 minutes, then add the Chili-Ginger Sauce, chicken stock, hot bean paste, chili sauce, tomato sauce, sugar, rice wine, salt and pepper. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer for 2 minutes.

  * Add the crab pieces and simmer, uncovered, turning several times, until the shells are bright red and the crabs are cooked, about 10 minutes.

  * Add the cornstarch/water mixture and stir until the sauce thickens, about 30 seconds. Add the eggs and stir until set, then transfer the chili crab to a serving dish and serve with crusty bread.

### Nutrition

Calories: 437kcalCarbohydrates: 50gProtein: 29gFat: 13gSaturated Fat:
2gCholesterol: 124mgSodium: 2901mgPotassium: 1102mgFiber: 5gSugar: 27gVitamin
A: 1352IUVitamin C: 162mgCalcium: 111mgIron: 4mg

Keyword chili crab, singapore chili crab, stir fry crab

Tried this recipe?Let us know how it was!



## Recommended Equipment

  
  
  





The recipe is from Southeast Asia's Best Recipes Cookbook by Wendy Hutton,
featuring the most popular and best-known recipes from Thailand, Vietnam,
Malaysia, Indonesia, Cambodia and all across the region.

Hutton has spent more than four decades traveling and and eating her way
through Asia, collecting the best recipes from simple country homes to elegant
restaurant kitchens. In her signature, expert prose, Hutton explores the
glorious splendor of Southeast Asia's rich and varied cuisine, from
Singapore's fascinating cosmopolitan offerings to Thailand's sinfully spicy
dishes to Vietnam's refreshingly healthful recipes. Hutton is based in Sabah,
Malaysian Borneo.

Each of the authentic Southeast Asian recipes in this book is accompanied by a
luscious color photograph shot by the award-winning photographer, Masano
Kawana, who won a James Beard Award for Best Cookbook Photography for his
Shunju: New Japanese Cuisine Cookbook.





### Related posts:

  1. Crab and Chinese Sausage Fried Rice 
  2. Chinese Steamed Spareribs with Black Bean Sauce 
  3. Chinese New Year Recipes - Party Like It's 4707! 
  4. Chinese Grilled Shrimp 
  5. Chinese Daikon and Carrot Soup Recipe 
  6. Chinese Soup Dumplings Recipe (with Pork & Crab) 

**Did you try this recipe? Please leave a star rating in the recipe card below
and leave a review in the comment section! I always appreciate your feedback
and I know other readers do, too!**

 **Stay in touch with me in our** **Facebook** **group, on** **Pinterest**
**or follow me on** **Instagram** **! Sign up for my email list, too where we
chat all things recipes, tips, giveaways, and more!  **

# 12 Comments

  1. Kris Brown on 6/22/16 at 7:27 pm 

Cooked this recipe and it was delicious! I used snow crabs. I could have
excluded the eggs though as it did not seem to do anything for me. Snow crabs
are huge, so I added extra chicken stock to ensure I had enough liquid to
cover my crabs. Once I devoured the crabs, I boiled a pound of head on shrimp
in the leftover sauce. I literally ate every drop of the sauce! Definitely a
favorite in my home.

Reply

    * Jaden on 6/23/16 at 2:53 pm 

Thanks so much Kris!

Reply

  2. Angie | Big Bear's Wife on 5/13/15 at 11:26 am 

Love the big ol' crab claws in this dish!

Reply

  3. Janene on 5/13/15 at 7:22 am 

This is awesome!  
I'd once been Singapore and tried 'stir-fried crab with curry'. Very
impressively delicious.  
This recipe seems very similar (or the same).  
Glad to know how to cook, finally.

Reply

  4. Kim on 5/3/15 at 8:51 pm 

Thank you Jaden . MYkhe, no substitute, nothing like it i am afraid.

Reply

  5. mykhe on 4/29/15 at 12:24 pm 

I used to see this dish on menus constantly when we lived in Seattle.
Unfortunately, my partner and I are both allergic to shellfish. What would you
recommend as a land-based substitute for the crab?

Reply

  6. Laura @ Raise Your Garden on 4/29/15 at 8:10 am 

Well, I have never heard of Singapore Chili Crab but clearly I need to make
this if it's that popular! Confession….I've never had crab before. I know
really embarrassing, but you are making me so eager to try it and not just hit
up Red Lobster!!

Reply

  7. Kim on 4/29/15 at 8:07 am 

have eaten many times but never cooked myself.

A. Should u crack the claws before cooking? Mud crab claws are huge !

B. Substitute for the chilli bean paste ? Not keen on bean texture !

Reply

    * Jaden on 4/29/15 at 8:18 am 

Hi Kim - yes, crack it a few times so that you're not totally struggling with
it at the table. Once, I was crackin' away at a restaurant -- and the claw
flew out of my hand and landed at the next table! I had my own Pretty Woman
moment 🙂

Reply

  8. ventair home appliance on 4/29/15 at 5:14 am 

Thats a utter sea food delicacy all steamy waiting to be served

Reply

  9. chieko on 4/28/15 at 3:14 pm 

Any seafood I love, especially crustaceans and shell fish, (and others like
uni and sea cucumber)! This looks great. I'll have to see if my local market
has live crabs this week. Stomach's growling already!!!

Thanks!

Reply

  10. Rachel @ My Urban Oven on 4/28/15 at 11:21 am 

My hubby would die if I made him this! He loves spicy food and crab. Will be
making soon for sure!

Reply

### Submit a Comment Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name

Email

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

#### Fan Favorite Recipe!

#### Check Out Our Memory Games!

  * Jaden's Blog

  * ## 5 Kitchen Tips To Save Money & Reduce Food Waste

  * ## International Women's Day

  * more Jaden's Blog »

## DON'T MISS A THING!

New recipes, reviews, and giveaways every week!

Yes Please!

Hi, I’m Jaden, a professional recipe developer, tv chef and cookbook author.
Steamy Kitchen specializes in connecting you to simple pleasures through food.

MORE ABOUT US

#### Our Cookbooks

**©2021 STEAMY KITCHEN LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.**

Terms & Conditions / Privacy Policy / Official Giveaway Rules

335 shares

  *   *   *   * 

