https://www.julieolive.co.uk/2021/08/10/sweet-chilli-crabs-claws/


Just Julie

A Malaysian lost in Britain

Toggle Navigation

  * Asian 
    * Main Dishes
    * Malaysian Desserts
    * Side Dishes
    * Chinese Soups
  * Western 
    * Main Dishes
    * Dessert
    * Side Dishes
    * Soups & Sauces
  * Kitchen Toys 
    * The Kitchen Woks
    * Baking Moulds
    * Knives
    * Sous-Vide
  * Updates
  * About Me

Asian ~ Main Dishes

# Sweet Chilli Crab claws - Special

by

Julie Olive

\-

August 10, 2021

When I was young, a long, long time ago my mother used to cook this dish for
us five siblings. Sometimes she cooks with prawns and sometimes with lobsters
which growing up in Kuching, Sarawak used to be very fresh from a friend of my
father's. We all loved this sauce a lot although our lips would be stinging
right after. We still eat it with that 'sishhhh sishhhh sisshhhh' sound and
drown our pain with cold iced drinks. Blissful days.

This is often not only from the chilli sauce but rather from the ginger as
well, lots of ginger that my mother used. I still remember her telling me, 'it
is only easy to cook just 3 equal types of your favourite plum, tomato and
chilli sauce.' I could not recollect where and whence she told me and neither
could she now but when my mother said in her 'that' tone starting with "It is
only easy……" one had better remember and not ask again - kekekekekekeke

Today I am starting to clear my freezer as there is a special box of seafood
incoming next week and I need space for some very sexy Spanish's Iberico Pork.

I decided to cook my crab claws my mother's way. I do not cook this often for
as I aged I find this dish a tad on the sweet side even though I have lessened
the use of plum sauce, which I find to be too sweet.

Anyway this is a guide and this sauce is really easy and nice to make if you
have to feed a family. With the amount of ginger it goes well with any
seafood, prawns, fish, squids etc.

Have a go and adjust the taste to suit you and your family's taste.

Note - I used Lingham's chilli sauce with garlic, plum sauce was a generic
Thai brand and Heinz tomato sauce in equal portions.

## Sweet Chilli Crabs Claws - Special

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

### Ingredients

  

  * 2 kg Crab claws (I scrubbed my crab claws with a hard toothbrush and then used my pestle to bash it a bit.
  * 2 tbsp  Oil
  * ½ cup Ginger julienned 
  * ½ bulb Garlic minced
  * 1 cup  Minced shallots
  * 1 large Red onions sliced
  * 2 to 3 Red chilli (sliced)
  * 3 to 4 stalks Spring onions, washed and sliced
  * 1 bowl Red tomatoes
  * 2  tbsp  Rice wine or sherry 
  * ½ cup Plum sauce
  * ½ cup Sweet Chilli sauce
  * ½ cup Tomato sauce
  * 2 to 3  cups Chicken stock
  * 1 tbsp Corn-starch mix with water
  * Freshly ground salt and pepper

### Instructions



#### Preparing the Crab Claws.

  * Wash the crab claws and use a brush to brush all the sides. Then I use a pestle to break the claws a bit or you can use a cleaver. Rinse lightly and drain well. 

#### Slicing, mincing and ingredients preparing.

  * Slice you onions, spring onions, chillies, mince your garlic, julienned your ginger etc.

  * Mix your 3 sauces together to make it easier for yourself. The plum sauce, the tomato sauce and the sweet chilli sauce. I used Lingham's 

#### Woking - Wok on high heat and should be cooked in less than 30 minutes.

  * Add oil and fry your ginger and white of spring onions.

  * Then add in garlic minced, and shallots mince and sliced onions. The shallots minced helps to give the sauce some 'body' Sometimes I add in blended ginger too (I love the taste of ginger) 

  * Next add in your crabs, the 3 mixed sauces and stock. Cover and simmer for 5 minutes.

  * Lastly add in your wine and thickens with corn-starch slurry. 

  * Bring to boil and turn heat off immediately. Serve and enjoy.

  * Note do not overcook. All should be ready in less than 30 minutes.

### Notes

Note - Using ginger and wine in seafood is a good combo to counteract upset
tummies. If I go out for seafood and steamboat I always have a few shots of
brandy or whiskies - hic hic hic

  * Ghee rice with Sweet Chilli Crabs

  * Ginger, spring onions, garlic then minced onions and sliced onions
  * Crabs in and the 3 sauces in
  * Fresh tomatoes and spring onions from my garden in.
  * Bring to boil.

  * Corn-starch to thickens then taste and season with salt and freshly ground Sarawak's pepper - I added 3 cups chicken stock and the hubby is the saucy type - hahahahahaha

  * Tumbling-Toms 
  * 

### _Related_

chicken stockchili saucegarlicgingerplum saucerice winesalt and pepperspring
onionstomato sauce

* * *

72 Hours Sousvide Beef Ribs @ 55°C

Tamarind eggs

* * *

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Name*

Email Address*

Website

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

Notify me of new posts by email.

Δ

### Blog Stats

  * 137,305 hits

### Most Liked

  * About Me
  * Rich Brandy Butter Cake - Special
  * Kueh Talam Pandan -Signatory mine
  * Black Sweet Vinegar Pork Trotter 姜醋猪脚
  * Apam Balik
  * Char Koay Kark - Fried Rice Cakes/Cubes Plain
  * Sambal Okras
  * Braised Pork Rice Bowl - Lu Rou Fan (滷肉饭)
  * Kuih Seri Muka – Special
  * Hainanese Chicken Rice

### Recipe Search

> ### Subscribe to Blog via Email

Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications
of new posts by email.

Join 353 other subscribers.

Email Address

Subscribe

Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website,
you agree to their use.  
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:  Cookie Policy

Powered by Julie's love for cooking.

  * Juliet by LyraThemes.com

