https://savoryspin.com/easy-homemade-ginger-ale/


Skip to Content

Search Magnifying Glass

Search for: Close Search ×

  * Home
  * Recipes≺
    * Reader Favorites
    * Easier Sri Lankan Recipes
    * Breakfast
    * Appetizers
    * Lunch And Dinner
      * Quick and Easy Meals
      * Seafood
      * Poultry
      * Plant based recipes
      * Salads
      * Soups & Stews
    * Snacks
    * Desserts
      * Cakes
      * Cookies
      * Healthy Desserts
      * Eggless
    * Chutneys, Sauces, Dressings
    * Drinks
      * Mocktails and Cocktails
      * Smoothies and Shakes
    * Recipes By Method
      * Air Fryer
      * Slow Cooker
    * Recipes By Diet
      * Gluten Free
      * Dairy Free
      * Sugar Free
      * Keto
      * Vegan
      * Vegetarian
    * Holidays
      * Holiday Sides & Dishes
      * Easter
      * Valentine's Day
      * St. Patrick's Day
      * Halloween
      * Christmas Cookies
    * Ramblings
      * Travel
  * About & Contact≺
    * Work With Me
    * Subscribe
  * Press

Home » Drinks » Easy Homemade Ginger Ale

# Easy Homemade Ginger Ale

By: Author Shashi

Posted on April 11, 2022

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin
  * Yummly
  * Mix

Jump to Recipe

Made with a healthier spin, this tantalizingly tart and sweet, easy homemade
ginger ale is a refreshing, 5-ingredient drink that can be ready to enjoy in
less than 10 minutes.

This is a fuss-free homemade ginger ale recipe that is slightly different from
a lot of others out there.

This ginger ale recipe does not make use of simple syrup. Therefore, there is
no stovetop cooking required. Instead, maple syrup is used in this recipe,
making this an easier and healthier homemade ginger ale to enjoy.

For the longest time, I satisfied my craving for ginger ale with one I could
only find at Sprouts stores _(not sponsored in this case)_. It was extra spicy
- a perfect blend of tart, sweet, and refreshing. But, as happens with some
good things - this brand disappeared off the shelves of several Sprouts
locations. And, no matter how much I searched for it, I could not find it.

So, I figured I would try and make my own ginger ale that came close to it.

And, what you see here today is the result of much experimenting and many
failures.

I don't mean to toot my own horn, but this ginger ale recipe is delightfully
delicious. It is so tantalizingly tart and sweet.

With fresh ginger and 4 other ingredients, this ginger ale recipe is a no-fuss
one you can easily whip up when you are craving a cold, tart, healthier,
ginger ale and do not want to drive to a store to get your fix.

In fact, you can make this recipe in less time than it would take for you to
get in your car, start it up, drive to the store, walk inside, find your
ginger ale, pay for your purchase, and drive home.

## What are the ingredients to make this homemade ginger ale recipe?

You only need 5 ingredients to make this recipe, and they are:

  1. Fresh ginger
  2. Lemon juice
  3. Lime juice 
  4. Maple syrup
  5. Your choice of seltzer

## How do you make this tart-sweet drink?

This is such an easy drink to make. There's no simmering involved, no fancy
gadgets and gizmos, just gather your ingredients, prep, and voila - your
refreshing drink is ready to enjoy!

  1. You will start off by peeling a 1-inch nob of ginger. Then, you will grate up the chunk of ginger to yield 2 teaspoons of fresh ginger.
  2. Add this freshly grated ginger to a jug.
  3. Then, cut the lemon you have in half, and squeeze 4 teaspoons of it into the jug with the ginger.
  4. Repeat the same with the lime.
  5. Next, add the maple syrup to the jug with the freshly grated ginger, lemon juice, and lime juice, and mix well.
  6. Finally, add in the seltzer / sparkling water of your choice and mix well.
  7. Now all that's left is to divide this into 4 glasses, add in some ice, slices of lime, and lemon and enjoy!

**Is this homemade ginger ale good for you?**

Yes. This homemade ginger ale is made with lots of fresh ginger, which is
known for its anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidant properties. This recipe is
also made with maple syrup and not sugar, making this a healthier version.

**Is ginger ale different from ginger beer?**

Yes. Ginger beer is usually a brewed and fermented drink, with ingredients
such as yeast, ginger, sugar, and water. Whereas, ginger ale is usually a
carbonated drink made with a sweetener and ginger.

**Can you store this ginger ale?**

If you store this in an airtight bottle, this ginger ale will be good for 2-3
days, but there might be a slight loss of carbonation. This ginger ale is best
made and served on the same day.

Continue to Content

# Easy Homemade Ginger Ale

_Yield:_ 4 servings

_Prep Time:_ 10 minutes

_Total Time:_ 10 minutes

Made with a healthier spin, this tantalizingly tart and sweet, easy homemade
ginger ale is a refreshing, 5-ingredient drink that can be ready to enjoy in
less than 10 minutes.

Print

## Ingredients

  * 2 tsp fresh ginger (1 inch knob of ginger) 
  * 4 tsp lemon juice (1/2 lemon) 
  * 4 tsp lime juice (1 lime) 
  * 4 tbsp maple 
  * 2 cups seltzer 

## Instructions

  1. First off, peel a 1-inch nob of ginger. Then, using a Microplane grater, grate up the chunk of ginger to yield 2 teaspoons of fresh ginger.
  2. Add the fresh ginger to a jug.
  3. Cut the lemon in half, and squeeze in half of it, while measuring out 4 tsps.
  4. Cut the lime in half and squeeze each half in to get 4 tsps of lime juice too.
  5. Add the maple syrup to the ginger, lemon juice, and lime juice, and mix well.
  6. Finally, add in the seltzer of your choice and enjoy this delicious, refreshing, sweet, and tart, homemade ginger ale!

###### Nutrition Information

Yield 4 Serving Size 1  
_Amount Per Serving_ Calories 3Total Fat 0gSaturated Fat 0gTrans Fat
0gUnsaturated Fat 0gCholesterol 0mgSodium 3mgCarbohydrates 1gFiber 0gSugar
0gProtein 0g

_Nutrition information is provided as a courtesy and should be considered an
approximation only. Savory Spin makes no guarantees to the accuracy of this
information. Please do consult a professional nutritionist for more accurate
information. Please do keep in mind that prep times, cooking times, etc, are
provided as guidelines as there are so many variables at play._

## Did you make this recipe?

Please leave a comment on the blog or share a photo on Instagram &/or
Pinterest tagging @SavorySpin #SavorySpin

(C) (C) 2021 Savory Spin. All images and content are COPYRIGHT PROTECTED.

**Cuisine:** American  / **Category:** Drinks

_If you are looking for more drink recipes for the summer, check out this
refreshing melon chili drink, this honeydew melon smoothie, this date
smoothie, and this watermelon Paloma._

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin
  * Yummly
  * Mix

Categories Drinks, Mocktails and Cocktails

## Post navigation

Easy Homemade Pop-Tarts

Easy Carrot Raisin Salad

Click here to cancel reply.

Δ

John / Kitchen Riffs

Wednesday 13th of April 2022

I've never made my own ginger ale! And do like it. Fun, fun recipe -- thanks.

savita

Monday 11th of April 2022

The recipe looks so so amazing. Can't wait to try it out.

Nic

Monday 11th of April 2022

Yummy! Tart and sweet and perfectly ginger-y. Thank you for an amazing recipe!

Natalie

Monday 11th of April 2022

I'm going to make this today. Have all the ingredients and I need something
refreshing. Lovely recipe. Thanks!

Gwynn Galvin

Monday 11th of April 2022

It was so much fun to be able to make my own ginger ale soda! I'm loving this
recipe.

### Hi There!

I'm Shashi - the photographer, recipe developer, and head food monger on here
~ where you will find easy fusion recipes with a healthy(ish) spin. The
inspiration for most of these fusion recipes comes from my early years in Sri
Lanka and The UAE.  
I'm so glad you stopped by and I hope you find a recipe or 2 that inspires you
to add a spice-a-licious spin to the food on your plate.

### Let's Connect

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Pinterest
  * Instagram

### Download:

Thank you for visiting Savory Spin.

**All images and content are COPYRIGHT PROTECTED.**  
Read our **Privacy Policy & Terms of Use** to see how we respect your privacy
and are committed to protecting it.  
Savory Spin is a participant in the **Amazon Services LLC Associates Program**
, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means to earn fees by
linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.

### Let's Connect:

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Pinterest
  * Instagram

### Recent Posts:

  * Artichoke Cupcake Recipe
  * Easy Carrot Pecan Bliss Balls
  * Easy One-Pot Mango Quinoa
  * Easy Black Bean Golden Beet Saute
  * Purple Sweet Potato Chia Pudding Recipe
  * Enchilada Quinoa Skillet

All Images and Content are copyright protected © 2021 Savory Spin | Bamboo on
Trellis Framework by Mediavine

Skip to Recipe

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

