https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/87793/homemade-ginger-ale/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Drink Recipes
  4. Homemade Ginger Ale

# Homemade Ginger Ale

Rating: 4 stars 4

56 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 26 
  * 4 star values: 17 
  * 3 star values: 7 
  * 2 star values: 4 
  * 1 star values: 2 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 56 Ratings 
  * 48 Reviews 
  * 4 Photos 

A fun way to make a family favorite. It tastes a little different than the
commercial stuff, but it is much better. Above all things, have fun and feel
free to experiment! Try adding fruit extract, if you like.

Recipe by ILIKEBAKEDZITI

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Homemade Ginger Ale

Add Photo

Homemade Ginger Ale s kemp

Homemade Ginger Ale Namrata

Homemade Ginger Ale David Embrey

Homemade Ginger Ale Mike

## Recipe Summary

prep:

10 mins

additional:

2 days

total:

2 days 10 mins

Servings:

8

Yield:

8 servings

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

8

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 8 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1 ½ tablespoons grated fresh ginger root 
  * 1 cup sugar 
  * ¼ teaspoon active dry yeast 
  * 1 lemon, juiced 
  * water 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Into an empty 2-liter soda bottle, put the ginger root, sugar, yeast, and
lemon juice. Fill the rest of the way with water. Screw the cap onto the
bottle as tight as possible. Shake the bottle well, then leave at room
temperature until the bottle is too hard to squeeze, about 2 days.
Refrigerate. To serve, pour through a tea strainer.

Advertisement

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

101 calories; protein 0.2g; carbohydrates 26.7g; fat 0.1g; sodium 0.6mg. Full
Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (48)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

jdca5033

Rating: 4 stars

02/24/2008

First let me say that I have not made this recipe. The yeast you want to try
is Champagne yeast (Red Star brand is decent as I use it in Root Beer). Beer
yeast will have too many off flavors that are important for different
varieties of beer but not soda. Also, be careful that you don't bottle in
glass as you could create a bottle bomb depending on fermentation temp and how
tight the cap/lid is. As with any fermentation with yeast and fermentables
(sugar) there will always be a % of alcohol (small but still present). After
2-3 days the jug needs to be chilled and kept at fridgerator temps to force
the yeast to settle and become inactive (they don't die just become inactive).
Remember, yeast is a living organism and will continue to thrive when
conditions are right for them which means eating the sugars and creating the
by-product alcohol.

Read More

Helpful (230)

### Most helpful critical review

DJC

Rating: 2 stars

08/03/2007

I made this recipe and will never try it again. The taste is not anything like
a ginger ale, tasted more like Fresca. No one mentioned that the carbonation
of this particular recipe will make a super mess. Mine was also ready after 24
hours. I opened the bottle after 48 hours then spent a good part of the
evening cleaning all the ginger ale from the kitchen. Ceiling to floor. I
doubt I will ever try this again. Hopefully this will help another reader when
they try to open the bottle!!!

Read More

Helpful (55)

56 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 26 
  * 4 star values: 17 
  * 3 star values: 7 
  * 2 star values: 4 
  * 1 star values: 2 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

jdca5033

Rating: 4 stars

02/24/2008

First let me say that I have not made this recipe. The yeast you want to try
is Champagne yeast (Red Star brand is decent as I use it in Root Beer). Beer
yeast will have too many off flavors that are important for different
varieties of beer but not soda. Also, be careful that you don't bottle in
glass as you could create a bottle bomb depending on fermentation temp and how
tight the cap/lid is. As with any fermentation with yeast and fermentables
(sugar) there will always be a % of alcohol (small but still present). After
2-3 days the jug needs to be chilled and kept at fridgerator temps to force
the yeast to settle and become inactive (they don't die just become inactive).
Remember, yeast is a living organism and will continue to thrive when
conditions are right for them which means eating the sugars and creating the
by-product alcohol.

Liz

Rating: 5 stars

03/18/2010

This is not a review, as such, but a "helpful" hint. My brother and dad made
wine several years ago and experienced a similar explosion (all over the room
and one VERY happy guinea pig!) and were told to cap the bottle with a
balloon. The balloon expands with the gas, which can then be vented quite
easily by pulling the neck of the balloon away from the bottle's neck. No
explosions and no mess!

Rena Lynn

Rating: 5 stars

05/08/2006

I know this recipe works because it's identical to the one that I already use!
I put at LEAST 2 Tbs of ginger root in mine because I love ginger. Because
it's a bit difficult to put the grated ginger into those small-mouth bottles,
you can soak the grated ginger overnight in a separate container, strain it,
and then pour it into the 2-ltr bottle together with the other ingredients. It
works either way! Beats store-bought ginger ale by many miles and of course is
much cheaper. The only(little)thing I would like to see changed is using
something besides regular yeast so that it won't have that slight yeasty
taste. Is there anything else that can be used to give it the needed
carbonation? Does brewer's yeast have that same taste??

Johnny Burnaway

Rating: 4 stars

04/27/2009

I got this just the way I like it on my fourth try. I used 1/2 pound grated
fresh ginger, juice from one lemon, 1 cup of sugar, and 1/8 tsp of yeast. I
let all that ferment in the 2-liter bottle for 24 hours, during which time I
let the pressure off once or twice. Next I pour it through a sieve and a
funnel into 20 oz soda bottles. A 2-liter bottle will fill three soda bottles.
I leave these out to ferment for at least 24 more hours, after which I
refrigerate them. All this results in a ginger beer that is very carbonated
but without too strong a taste of yeast (at least until you get close to the
bottom of the bottle). It is not overly sweet and the ginger and lemon are
both pronounced but not overpowering.

WHATAYAWANT

Rating: 4 stars

06/15/2007

I've made this 4 or 5 times now,each time I try it with more ginger.I'm trying
to get it where it has just the right amount of "bite" from the ginger.The
last batch I made with approximately 355 grams of ginger,a WAY lot more than 2
tablespoons.Instead of grating the ginger I run it through my juicer,made for
a lot less work and it cuts down on the amount of sediment in the bottom of
the bottles(I used 2-1 liter bottles).The next time I make this I think I'll
cut the sugar back to 3/4 cup.The juice of one lemon is just right also,any
more and it would change the balance of flavors.One other thing I found is
that it's carbonated after only 12 hours on my counter,and I live in a
basement suite.With my changes what I'm making is basically a ginger beer,but
that's what I'm trying to achieve.

DJC

Rating: 2 stars

08/03/2007

I made this recipe and will never try it again. The taste is not anything like
a ginger ale, tasted more like Fresca. No one mentioned that the carbonation
of this particular recipe will make a super mess. Mine was also ready after 24
hours. I opened the bottle after 48 hours then spent a good part of the
evening cleaning all the ginger ale from the kitchen. Ceiling to floor. I
doubt I will ever try this again. Hopefully this will help another reader when
they try to open the bottle!!!

gwendolyn028

Rating: 5 stars

04/22/2008

This is wonderful! I don't know why anyone would have such a problem with
carbonation, unless they don't know how yeast works, or don't know how to open
a bottle. I am going to play with the sugar, ginger and lemon amounts in the
MANY batches I plan to make. This is really tasty! And easy! Mine was also
ready a little sooner too.

Jan

Rating: 4 stars

03/02/2008

Following is a site that has further instructions in making this same recipe,
but without having to clean your entire kitchen!

rastoma

Rating: 4 stars

01/18/2011

This is a great recipe. But I STRONGLY recommend everyone to look at e-z caps.
They are replacement bottle screw caps that have a hold in them to let out
excess gas so no explosions and it keeps just the right amount in for
carbonation. They come with a perfect champagne type yeast. Use them with this
recipe and you'll never look back.

willbake4shoes

Rating: 3 stars

04/06/2008

This was fun and novel. It was fresh tasting and my guests liked it. Of
course, everyone thinks you are a genius for making it. I added A LOT more
ginger (double?) but it wasn't too much because the lemon is pretty
pronounced. You have to S-L-O-W-L-Y open the cap.

EndoMom

Rating: 4 stars

07/02/2008

not bad! I used only half the yeast, which resulted in plenty of carbonation
but no yeasty taste. For those who are bottle-opening-challenged, let some of
the gas out during the first 24 hrs. and then take it SLOWLY. Even if the
liquid doesn't rise quickly at first, IT WILL, so be at the ready. Only thing,
for me, was getting past the light color. Does that mean this is ginger BEER?

MakeItWork

Rating: 3 stars

11/01/2011

3 stars due to a few things. For a better ginger taste, A. use much more
ginger and B. boil ingredients for a few minutes (w/out yeast of course) in
2-3 cups of water. I let that sit all day and then strain it b4 putting in 2
ltr bottle with additional water & yeast. Juice of one lemon can vary in
amount depending on size/type of lemon. I juiced a normal size lemon and got a
good ounce of juice. A measurement for the lemon would be nice. One C of sugar
may be too sweet for some, start with 1/2 cup...you can always sweeten it more
later. Please do be careful about allowing to sit with tight cap. What I do
is...tighten it down, then while gently squeezing I back cap off until I hear
a tiny hiss of air and leave it that way. It will still get carbonated and no
blow ups. Or use the simple balloon method posted, hence no reason to buy EZ
caps (although those are pretty cool). The longer this "ferments", the less
sweet it becomes due to yeast consuming the sugar and producing CO2 (and minor
alcohol content). Well, I found better info & instruction at 'thehowzone' for
making Ginger Beer. Like Reeds brand. Explains a lot of things if you DIY like
me. Hope any of my advice/thoughts helped. I'm buying Ginger extract (food
grade) to use instead of futzing around grating ginger. Oh, and I do this to
make "hard" ginger beer: I let it ferment for a least a week. At that time it
has no sweetness at all so I sweeten to taste when consuming.

Vanessa Chang

Rating: 1 stars

07/20/2011

I didn't read all of the comments before trying this recipe, and when I
followed the instructions exactly, the bottle exploded just over 24 hours into
its 2 day wait time, making a loud noise and a huge mess. The bottle landed
about 15 feet away from where it started. I imagine this could have hurt
someone, but fortunately no one was near it at the time. I think some more
details need to be included in the actual recipe itself. We shouldn't have to
read all of the comments to learn that there is a risk of explosion. I don't
fault the contributor of the recipe, though; I assume this simply did not
happen to her or him.

Lettie Thomas

Rating: 5 stars

03/17/2010

I make mine with water kefir grains instead of yeast for a healthy probiotic
drink with calcium, iron and magnesium. This recipe is tasty, simple and you
really can't go wrong with it :-)

The Gnome

Rating: 5 stars

05/10/2012

This is an excellent recipe AND tastes just as it should so the moaners need
to wake up.

CityMouse

Rating: 4 stars

08/01/2007

I have not tried this recipe yet, but one reviewer wanted to know if there is
a way to have a less yeasty taste. You can find special yeasts for winemaking
and brewing beer at some specialty shops that do not tast as yeasty.

Kristy

Rating: 5 stars

12/01/2010

Great recipe! Taste very much like store brought ginger ale. I added more
ginger than required (personal preference) for taste and used only 1/8 tsp of
baking yeast instead of 1/4 tsp as suggested by another reviewer. More ginger
flavor (better) if you let it sit longer than suggested.

Caroline C

Rating: 4 stars

08/01/2006

This does taste way better than store-bought ginger ale, but it is incredibly
sweet due to all the sugar, not to mention high in calories. This was fun to
try, but I doubt I'll make it again for that reason. Thanks!

mwcmwc

Rating: 5 stars

01/02/2012

I admit I was skeptical about this turning out well, but it was quite
refreshing! I used 2 1/2 TB. dried sliced ginger, for a taste more like
Canadian Dry. Also left in dark cold corner of house for 24 hrs. and opened
slowly, that way it did not explode, only light shhhh noise. It was nicely
carbonated, definitely make this again and again for a special drink.

Stephanie

Rating: 3 stars

07/07/2010

It was ok. It had a bit of a bite, but it reminded me of Vernor's ginger ale.
I think next time I'd add less ginger or more lemon.

anners8

Rating: 5 stars

03/20/2010

This tastes just like store bought when you first taste it, but then the
strong ginger taste kicks in. Delicious!

liliya P

Rating: 4 stars

04/22/2009

I liked this recipe, but next time i will triple ginger.

Pacha

Rating: 4 stars

04/10/2009

This was SO GOOD! I love ginger, so next time I make it I'll probably add more
like 3 tbsp of that, and cut down on the sugar to 3/4 cup, because I found it
quite sweet. It turned out great, though, I'm so pleased!

Cookiemonster

Rating: 2 stars

06/24/2011

The yeasty flavor ruined the drink. Made an ok cocktail, though. Big mess
opening it, too.

RICK

Rating: 4 stars

09/01/2010

Does yeast eat Splenda?

Onatopa

Rating: 2 stars

05/11/2012

The main by-product of yeast and sugar is not alcohol, it's CO2 and lots of
it! The idea of Champagne yeast is prolly the best way to go to achieve a
closer taste to Ginger Ale.

nereidia

Rating: 3 stars

01/25/2013

This tasted really yeasty to me, but I would like to try it again to see if I
can make a tastier batch. I used about 2" worth of ginger and will double it
next time. I probably didn't leave it out quite long enough, but it sounds
like I would want to let some air out in that case. I used an empty half-
gallon milk jug, and that seemed to work well!

ravyn1908

Rating: 5 stars

01/26/2012

Excelent!! It also is very good to settle an upset stomach.

Sarah Lautenschlager Boss

Rating: 3 stars

05/10/2012

I have not tried this yet, but have a question. I love ginger ale but can't
drink carbonation. Would it work if you made it without the yeast or would it
be better if you used yeast but let it sit open for a while after it was done?

pchanner

Rating: 5 stars

12/06/2011

Amazing. I have made this 3 times since finding this recipe and each time it
just gets better and better. I am tweaking the steps each time to make it just
perfect. My husband is thrilled because he loves ginger ale.

MNixon4746

Rating: 5 stars

04/02/2012

We've made this several times, it's awesome. Just let it sit a longer than the
recipe so the carbonation and ginger can take affect.

Paul

Rating: 4 stars

06/03/2012

2 comments - try this recipe with the juice of one lime rather than line
lemon....it is a more interesting flavor combination, as it is not as sharply
acidic as the lemon. You can easily cut back on the sugar and still get the
necessary carbonation.... Wish I had access to the champagne yeast, I'm sure
the flavors would be even better but it isn't too "bready" with the regular
yeast as far as I'm concrned.

Jim Davidson

Rating: 4 stars

05/02/2013

I didn't realize that we could make ginger ale but I'm glad we tried this
recipe! It's very good and I've been asked several times to make this again -
it's a lot of fun and very good.

TribePride

Rating: 5 stars

09/22/2012

I thought this was delicious! I might use less sugar next time around, and
maybe more ginger, but this recipe makes a very refreshing and tasty drink! My
husband, my in-laws, and I all were really surprised by how good it turned out
to be. Having read other reviews mentioning explosions, I did open the bottle
veeeeeery slowly when it came time to pour it out and strain it, and I had
absolutely no problem with explosions. I also didn't have any problems with
the bottle blowing up while it fermented. Great, easy recipe with a delicious
result!

PPK

Rating: 2 stars

07/18/2012

Easy to make, but didn't like it at all.

debcat60

Rating: 5 stars

06/13/2012

Excellent taste and easy to make

abbiYAH

Rating: 4 stars

05/07/2013

I just let mine set for 18 hours and it was delicious! However I gave only
four stars because it was not quite right the first time, it tasted a little
yeasty, so like a few other people i cut the yeast in half.

Noël Lynne Figart

Rating: 4 stars

05/25/2013

This is quite delicious. I had to try it twice, as I did not let it ferment
long enough the first time. I put it in the fridge immediately after the
bottle started to feel hard rather than waiting a full 24 hours. I strongly
encourage you to make sure you do wait the full amount of time, as it will
give you the good fizz. I did not have any yeasty taste in mine, as other
cooks have commented upon. I did use 1/4tsp of bakers yeast rather than a
package of Fleschmans. I also used considerably more ginger. This is extremely
sweet. I am going to experiment and see if the fermentation process happens
properly with a bit less sugar. But it's the real thing and really tasty.

JusticePro

Rating: 5 stars

01/22/2019

I love it. Several things I wanted to say. 1. Don't ferment it longer than you
should, or it'll make alcohol. When I mean that, I mean don't ferment it
longer than the two days. 2. Don't put 1/4 cup of yeast in. Or you'll make
beer. (I did this on accident with orange instead of ginger [I was making
orange soda] ).

Mary

Rating: 5 stars

06/28/2012

Surprisingly good! I'm not sure if it is any cheaper than buying soda but
would make a fun project to do with children.

lwarner

Rating: 5 stars

06/28/2015

I was surprised how much my family liked this recipe. I only upped the ginger
based on the other reviews (and a bit less sugar). Used regular yeast reduced
until I found champagne yeast. Either way the family loved it. If you want
less of a Fresca taste then use less lemon. If you don't have a tea strainer
pour it through a coffee filter in the basket.

Kate Sierra

Rating: 1 stars

05/27/2016

I am still cleaning it off the floor, walls, and ceiling of my kitchen. I
followed the directions to the letter but when I opened the bottle it exploded
EVERYWHERE. We tasted some of what was left in the bottle but didn't care for
the flavor. I usually try a recipe a couple of times to tweak it but will
leave this one alone. Don't want to risk another ginger ale shower!!

Namrata

Rating: 4 stars

02/17/2019

Yes, i’ll make it again as it keeps sore throat at bay.

mary peterson

Rating: 4 stars

08/25/2018

Everyone was really impressed with it! I will make it again but next time I
will add more ginger as I wanted a stronger ginger taste- like the commercial
ones you buy.

Joey Collins

Rating: 5 stars

08/09/2021

I skipped the yeast and sugar since I am diabetic I used stevia extract extra
ginger and raspberry then I put it in to my carbonation machine.good stuff!!

Jon D Eager

Rating: 5 stars

06/22/2022

One might try adding a chemical to STOP the fermentation after it is done.
Potassium Sorbate. I left a sealed bottle in the basement (luckily) and it
exploded. It shattered a glass gallon jug sitting next to it. This chemical
can be had at your local wine and beer brewing supply house or online. It was
put into a 2 liter pop bottle. Soda for all you Southerners out there. One
might put a balloon on the mouth of the two liter bottle instead of the cap to
prevent any quick fermentation and an exploding bottle.

Cyndi

Rating: 5 stars

09/04/2017

1\. I bought a ceramic ginger grater, and it made this so much easier to make.

mg1j96

Rating: 5 stars

02/09/2016

Easy!! My go to recipe. Thanks!!!

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Homemade Ginger Ale

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Homemade Ginger Ale

##  All Reviews for Homemade Ginger Ale

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Homemade Ginger Ale

Servings Per Recipe: 8  
Calories: 100.7  

% Daily Value *

protein:  0.2g  1 %

carbohydrates:  26.7g  9 %

dietary fiber:  0.7g  3 %

sugars:  25g

fat:  0.1g

vitamin a iu:  4.1IU

niacin equivalents:  0.1mg  1 %

vitamin c:  10.4mg  17 %

folate:  4mcg  1 %

calcium:  8.7mg  1 %

iron:  0.1mg  1 %

magnesium:  2.2mg  1 %

potassium:  26.9mg  1 %

sodium:  0.6mg

calories from fat:  0.5

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Homemade Ginger Ale

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 48

Homemade Ginger Ale

1 of 4 Homemade Ginger Ale

s kemp

Homemade Ginger Ale

2 of 4 Homemade Ginger Ale

Namrata

Homemade Ginger Ale

3 of 4 Homemade Ginger Ale

David Embrey

Homemade Ginger Ale

4 of 4 Homemade Ginger Ale

Mike

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Homemade Ginger Ale to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Homemade Ginger Ale

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

