https://www.alphafoodie.com/fresh-ginger-ale-recipe/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * Recipes
    * DIYs
    * Breakfast
    * Drinks
    * Appetizers
    * Snacks
    * Sides
    * Mains
    * Desserts
    * Vegan
    * Gluten Free
  * Recipe Filters
  * DIYs

  * Lifestyle
  * Cookbook
  * Shop
  * About
  * Search

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Recipe Filters
  * DIYS
  * Lifestyle
  * Cookbook
  * Shop
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

×

Recipes » Drinks » Fresh Ginger Ale Recipe

# Fresh Ginger Ale Recipe

Published: May 10, 2022 · Modified: Jul 21, 2022 by Samira @ Alphafoodie ·
This post may contain affiliate links

22 shares

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

_This homemade ginger ale is super refreshing and simple to prepare, made with
just 3 ingredients - all natural with unrefined sugars - and several flavor
variations!_

When it comes to refreshing drinks, I think I may be a tad lemonade obsessed.
I've already shared a herby Lebanese mint lemonade and zingy ginger lemonade.
But this time I'm making something a little different – homemade ginger ale.

While this ginger ale recipe contains most of the same elements as ginger
lemonade, it's lighter and contains far less lemon. It is a delicious healthy
soft drink alternative.

Better yet, it's incredibly easy to adapt. Make it stronger, weaker, sweeter,
turn it into a sugar-free ginger ale recipe. Or experiment with several
flavored options like green tea, berries, and more!

Want to enjoy more zingy ginger treats? You may enjoy soothing ginger tea,
crystallized ginger pieces, or even pineapple ginger juice!

## What is Ginger Ale?

Ginger ale, despite its name, is alcohol-free. Ginger ale is a carbonated soft
drink originating in 1850s Ireland and made more popular in Canada in the
early 1900s. There are two main types of ginger ale. The first is the "golden
style" and the second is the "dry style" (also called the "pale style").

Golden style is made with the process of fermentation (like kombucha). It
produces a deep honey-golden color and strong ginger flavor, sweet to the
taste, and with natural yeast carbonation.

In comparison, dry ginger ale is a mixture of ginger extract/flavoring with
soda water and is far paler. In many commercial versions, it combines
carbonated water with ginger flavoring (natural or artificial) and sugar or
high-fructose corn syrup. The ginger flavoring itself may also contain spices,
fruits, and ingredients such as lemon/lime, citric acid, etc.

For this homemade ginger ale recipe, I’m preparing a homemade version of dry
ginger ale with real ginger and an unrefined sweetener. Once prepared, you can
enjoy the drink as a soft drink or mix it for various cocktails and fruit
punches.

## Is Ginger Ale Good For You?

Ginger is beneficial in many ways, with anti-bacterial, anti-inflammatory, and
antioxidant benefits. Ginger ale is a popular remedy for indigestion, motion
sickness, and sore throats. It also has several other benefits.

You can make your own ginger ale at home, adjusting the amount of ginger and
sugar to your taste. This is a healthy, natural beverage.

## The Ingredients

You need just three ingredients and a few cups of water for this homemade
ginger ale with real ginger.

### Concentrated Ginger Water

  * **Ginger:** You'll need plenty of fresh ginger root for this. 
  * **Water** : I like to use filtered water, but tap water is fine too.

### To Make Ginger Ale

  * **Sparkling water** : You can use sparkling water, club soda, or seltzer. You may also be able to use a soda stream machine to carbonate the beverage.
  *  **Sweetener** : I use honey, but you could use other granulated (like raw cane sugar) or liquid (like agave) options. It's also possible to use a simple syrup made with your sugar of choice (refined, unrefined, or even sugar-free).

For a sugar-free ginger ale recipe, use your favorite sugar-free sweetener
like erythritol, monk fruit, etc.

  * **Lemon juice** : Meyer lemons are excellent for their sweeter flavor. However, any lemon will work. Lime juice will also work.

### Optional Add-ins and Variations

There are several ways you can experiment with adding extra flavor to this
homemade ginger ale recipe. The easiest way to do this is to add extra
ingredients to the ginger water while it simmers. A few ideas include:

  * **Herbs:** Some mint, basil, lavender, or rosemary would also work well to infuse the homemade ginger ale with extra flavor. I like to serve mine with a few mint leaves in the glass.
  *  **Green tea** : With either loose leaves or tea bags. Add them to the ginger water infusion in the last 5 minutes, then remove.
  *  **Berries** : Blackberries, raspberries, etc. Add a large handful to the pan while simmering and gently mash to extract flavor.
  *  **Peach:** Use a regular or white peach and allow it to simmer in the ginger water.
  *  **Cranberry:** Use some cranberry juice in place of water in the ginger water. 
  * **Spices** : There are several spices you could experiment with, such as cardamom, ground clove, nutmeg, allspice, cinnamon, etc. You could also add a pinch of turmeric (with freshly cracked black pepper) or cayenne to boost the health benefits.

## How to Make Ginger Ale?

### Step 1: Prepare the Concentrated Ginger Water

First, peel and chop the ginger into small disks/chunks.

_  For a more concentrated flavor, mince or grate the ginger._

Transfer the ginger and water to a saucepan and bring to a boil. Then reduce
the heat to a simmer and cover for 30 minutes.

Then, remove the saucepan from the heat and allow it to cool to room
temperature. Then strain it through a fine-mesh strainer to remove the ginger
solids.

_At this point, you 'll have about 4 cups of concentrated ginger water. You
can use it all now OR freeze some for later usage._

### Step 2: Assemble the Homemade Ginger Ale

First, juice the lemon using one of these 6 methods.

Then, combine all the ingredients for the homemade ginger ale into a large
pitcher and stir.

Finally, give it a taste and adjust any elements (sweetener, lemon, ginger
water, water) to your liking.

#### What is the ginger ale ratio?

I recommend using a 1:2 ratio of ginger water to club soda/sparkling water.
Then sweeten the homemade ginger ale to taste and add a splash of lemon or
lime juice.

## Storage Instructions

**Make ahead:** You can prepare the ginger water concentrate in advance. Store
it for 3-4 days in the refrigerator or several months in the freezer. I like
to portion it out into a large silicone ice cube tray. I can then defrost just
enough for a glass of ginger ale each time.

**Store:** Ultimately, the ginger ale stores for as long as the carbonation
lasts and should be kept in the fridge.

## Serving Recommendations

You can enjoy this homemade ginger ale as a simple soft drink or as a perfect
mixer with alcohol such as:

  * Bourbon
  * Vodka
  * Tequila
  * Whiskey
  * Beer

You can also use it to create several kinds of cocktails, including

  * Shirley Temple
  * Whiskey Highball
  * Shandy
  * Moscow Mule
  * Pimm’s Cup
  * Kentucky lemonade
  * Dark & Stormy

## FAQs

**Does ginger ale have caffeine?**

No, this recipe is 100% caffeine-free. All you get is a refreshing ginger
taste.

**Is ginger ale good for acid reflux?**

While ginger may help with several gastro-intestinal issues, ginger ale does
not have the same effect. This is because carbonated beverages can increase
gastric pressure and cause acid reflux to worsen. Instead, I recommend trying
ginger tea.

**Does ginger ale help with nausea?**

This depends on the amount of ginger used in the beverage. That's the key
ingredient linked to nausea relief and other stomach calming benefits. In this
case, it may help.  
However, ginger tea or a ginger juice blend will likely be a better option.  

**Ginger beer vs. ginger ale?**

Ginger beer is actually most similar to golden-style ginger ale. It's made
with a mixture of ginger, sugar, and lemon juice fermented with a ginger beer
culture. The result is a slightly cloudy, strong, and spicy ginger beverage.  
Traditionally, ginger beer also contained alcohol. Though modern versions are
usually non-alcoholic (contain less than 0.5% alcohol).  
In comparison, classic ginger ale contains no alcohol and isn't fermented. It
has a far lighter/mellower appearance, odor, and taste (also sweeter). It's
essentially a ginger-flavored soft drink.

## Top Tips and Notes

  * **Adjust the ratios to taste.** Add more or less ginger water, sweetener, lemon, etc., to tweak the homemade ginger ale recipe to your taste. Then take a note to know for next time.
  *  **" Cheat" version:** You can somewhat simplify the process by turning the ginger water into a ginger syrup (with the addition of the sugar). That can then simply be mixed with the carbonated water and served with a lemon or lime wedge; voila! Note that the ratio of syrup to carbonated water will change.
  *  **Using leftover ginger solids:** Rather than discarding them, you could add them to baked goods, smoothies, yogurt, ice cream, or even turned into candied ginger.

## More Refreshing Drink Recipes

  * Bloody Mary (Classic or Virgin)
  * Homemade cherry juice
  * Peach lemonade
  * Easy strawberry milk
  * How to Make Lemon Water

You might also enjoy browsing this compiled list of 40+ refreshing summer
drinks!

_**If you try this ginger ale recipe, I 'd love to hear your
thoughts/questions below. Also, I’d appreciate a recipe card rating below, and
feel free to tag me in your recipe recreations on Instagram
**_**_@Alphafoodie_** _ **!**_

## Fresh Ginger Ale (With Real Ginger)

This homemade ginger ale is super refreshing and simple to prepare, made with
just 3 ingredients – all natural with unrefined sugars- and several flavor
variations!

5 from 7 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Drinks

Cuisine: American, British, Canadian, Irish

Diet: Gluten Free, Low Fat, Vegan, Vegetarian

Freezer friendly: 2-3 Months

Shelf life: 1 Day

Prep Time: 10 minutes

Cook Time: 30 minutes

Total Time: 40 minutes

Servings: 4

Calories: 69kcal

Author: Samira

### Ingredients

#### For the concentrated ginger water (this will yield about 4 cups/1 l)

  * ▢ 3.1 oz ginger 1 cup chopped
  * ▢ 5 cups water

#### For the ginger ale

  * ▢ 1 cup concentrated ginger water
  * ▢ 2 cups sparkling water or club soda or seltzer
  * ▢ 1/4 cup honey or agave, maple; OR use granulated sugar like raw cane sugar, (add to warm ginger water) OR make sugar-free with erythritol/xylitol, etc. 
  * ▢ 1/2 lemon 1.5-2 tablespoon fresh juice; OR lime juice

####  _ **Check the blog post for optional add-ins!**_

US Customary - Metric

### Instructions

#### Step 1: Prepare the Concentrated Ginger Water

  * Peel and chop the ginger into small disks/chunks.

 _For a more concentrated flavor, mince or grate the ginger._

  * Transfer the ginger and water to a saucepan and bring to a boil. Then reduce the heat to a simmer and cover for 30 minutes.

  * Remove the saucepan from the heat, allow it to cool to room temperature, and strain it through a fine mesh strainer to remove the ginger solids.

 _At this point, you 'll have about 4 cups of concentrated ginger water. You
can use it all now OR freeze some for later usage._

#### Step 2: Assemble the Homemade Ginger Ale

  * Juice the lemon.

  * Combine all the ingredients for the homemade ginger ale into a large pitcher or individual glasses, and stir.

  * Give it a taste and adjust any elements (sweetener, lemon, ginger water, water) to your liking.

#### Storage

  *  **Make** **ahead** : You can prepare the ginger water concentrate in advance and store it for 3-4 days in the refrigerator or several months in the freezer. When doing the latter, I like to portion it out into a large silicone ice cube tray, so I can defrost just enough for a glass of ginger ale each time.

 **Store** : Ultimately, the ginger ale stores for as long as the carbonation
lasts and should be kept in the fridge.

### Notes

  * **Adjust the ratios to taste:** Add more or less ginger water, sweetener, lemon, etc., to tweak the homemade ginger ale recipe to your taste. Then take a note to know for next time.
  * **" Cheat" version:** You can somewhat simplify the process by turning the ginger water into a ginger syrup (with the addition of the sugar). That can then simply be mixed with the carbonated water and served with a lemon or lime wedge; voila! Note that the ratio of syrup to carbonated water will change.
  * **Using leftover ginger solids:** Rather than discarding them, you could add them to baked goods, smoothies, yogurt, ice cream, or even turned into candied ginger.

_**Check the blog post for more ingredient notes, add-ins, serving
recommendations, and answers to top FAQs!**_

### Nutrition

Calories: 69kcal | Carbohydrates: 19g | Protein: 1g | Fat: 1g | Saturated Fat:
1g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 1g | Monounsaturated Fat: 1g | Sodium: 30mg |
Potassium: 37mg | Fiber: 1g | Sugar: 18g | Vitamin A: 1IU | Vitamin C: 1mg |
Calcium: 11mg | Iron: 1mg

Tried this Recipe? Tag me Today!Mention @Alphafoodie or tag #alphafoodie!

« Lettuce Wraps Recipe

The Best Pan-Fried Zucchini »

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Al

May 11, 2022 at 6:36 am

  
Fanx very much for this delightful recipe! One of my sons has a taste for
ginger beer/ale and shall be putting your info into great usage - Fanx again
and have a blessed day! ; )

Reply

    * Support @ Alphafoodie

May 11, 2022 at 11:55 am

Thank you so much for your comment! I hope you all enjoy this recipe 🙂

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

Hello! I’m Samira, I make DIYs and I cook rainbow recipes. about me | contact
| subscribe

Search

### NEW RECIPES

## The Best Authentic Shakshuka Recipe

## How to Microwave Corn on the Cob

## How to Make Bulletproof Coffee

## The Perfect Sauteed Asparagus

## Stuffed Zucchini Boats

## The Perfect Homemade Pancake Mix

### STAY IN TOUCH!

### WHAT'S IN SEASON

## How to Microwave Corn on the Cob

## Stuffed Zucchini Boats

## How to Make and Cook Zoodles

## How to Make Tanghulu (Candied Fruit)

## Easy Fruit Punch

## Best Texas Caviar Ever (Cowboy Caviar)

### Categories

Categories Select Category Appetizers Breakfast Desserts DIY DIYs Drinks
Gluten Free Lifestyle Mains Rainbow Food Recipes Sides Snacks Uncategorised
Vegan

## Footer

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

  * Recipes
  * DIYs
  * Shop
  * About

COPYRIGHT © 2020 ALPHAFOODIE Privacy Policy

22 shares

  *   *   * 

## Sharing is Caring

Help spread the word. You're awesome for doing it!

How to beat the summer heat?

FREE EMAIL BONUS

My favorite tips & recipes for staying refreshed!

YES, I WANT THIS!

