https://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/homemade-ginger-ale-358033


Skip to main content

Open Navigation Menu

Menu

Story Saved

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Close Alert

Close

Homemade Ginger Ale

  * Recipes & Menus
  * Expert Advice
  * Ingredients
  * Holidays & Events
  * My Saved Recipes

More _Chevron_

Story Saved

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Close Alert

Close

Sign In

Search

Search

  * Recipes & Menus
  * Expert Advice
  * Ingredients
  * Holidays & Events
  * Video
  * My Saved Recipes

Gourmet

June 2010 Issue

# Homemade Ginger Ale

By Andrea Albin

March 9, 2010

Save Story

save recipe

4.5

(18)

Read ReviewsTriangle

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Homemade Ginger AleStephanie Foley

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

  * Active Time

10 min

  * Total Time

3 hr (includes chilling)

Carefully simmering fresh ginger in water for a good, long while is the key to
deep, rounded flavor. Once you have the ginger syrup on hand, a hankering for
ginger ale can be satisfied practically instantly (the drink's trademark fizz
comes from seltzer). For a more traditional take on this zingy cooler, check
out the recipe for Homemade Ginger Beer

## Ingredients

Makes about 1 1/2 cups syrup (enough for 4 to 6 drinks)

1 1/2 cups chopped peeled ginger (7 ounces)

2 cups water

3/4 cup sugar

About 1 quart chilled seltzer or club soda

About 3 tablespoons fresh lime juice

### Make syrup:

### Step 1

Cook ginger in water in a small saucepan at a low simmer, partially covered,
45 minutes. Remove from heat and let steep, covered, 20 minutes.

### Step 2

Strain mixture through a sieve into a bowl, pressing on ginger and then
discarding. Return liquid to saucepan and add sugar and a pinch of salt, then
heat over medium heat, stirring, until sugar has dissolved. Chill syrup in a
covered jar until cold.

### Assemble drinks:

### Step 3

Mix ginger syrup with seltzer and lime juice (start with 1/4 cup syrup and 1
1/2 teaspoons lime juice per 3/4 cup seltzer, then adjust to taste).

Cooks' note:

Ginger syrup keeps, chilled, 1 week.

How would you rate Homemade Ginger Ale?

Leave a Review

Tell us what you think

Reviews (18)

Back to TopTriangle

  * I only had two pieces of ginger, and after grating it came to just under 1 cup. I still followed the rest of the recipe and the ginger came right through and invigorated me. I'm on day 7 of being as sick as I can remember, unable to sleep and coughing all night. This has soothed my throat. I added a bit of agave syrup to some golden brown sugar, left me with a bit of a syrupy sweetness in the bottom of the cup. Just going to use brown sugar next time to avoid the sugary bottom. I feel relaxed after drinking and finally ready for bed. Thank you for the recipe.

    * Ev Dawgie.

    * Burnaby, BC, Canada.

    * 6/29/2022

  * Can anyone tell me if this can be made with alternative sweeteners, such as monk fruit, stevia or something else. Thank you.

    * Pegeen 

    * NyY

    * 12/12/2021

  * Great recipe! Made this several times. Sometimes I increase the water to 3 cups and it still comes out strong. I pulse the strained-out ginger in the food processor and mix it into curries and whatnot.

    * abbynormal30

    * Seattle, WA

    * 9/1/2020

  * Found myself with a bunch of ginger and made a double batch of this. Delightfully gingery, and exactly what I wanted!

    * Juniper woods

    * Portland, OR

    * 11/7/2018

  * Super easy to use with a Sodastream

    * Mstuffy

    * Iowa

    * 10/6/2018

  * very good.. def agree with others tooo sweet - i used a heaping 1/4 cup of sugar and it was perfect...

    * specialist22002

    * mqrlton nj

    * 5/23/2017

  * So the recipe says to simmer 2 cups of water for 45 minutes. I did this and was left with no water and ginger chunks stuck to the bottom of my pot. I had the heat on the lowest setting and had the pot partially covered just as the recipe said.

    * Tater84

    * Hampton, VA

    * 5/12/2017

  * Great recipe and I've made a couple. For this one I used less sugar.

    * lmmcnairn

    * Meaghers Grant NS

    * 12/4/2016

  * Wow. Tasty. My modification: I grated the ginger. And, kept the post-boiled ginger remnants for tomorrow's ginger tea (ginger, hot water, 1 tbsp honey).

    * RobBanga

    * Seattle, WA

    * 8/21/2016

  * Just outstanding. I'm not even sure why I like ginger ale, but this concoction is a top notch example of what sublime ginger ale is.

    * mikeaff

    * evanston, il

    * 6/17/2015

  * Excellent! Reminds me of the "hot" Blenheim ginger ale made in South Carolina -- not quite as dry. Guests are impressed!

    * Lady_Baltimore

    * South Carolina

    * 3/7/2015

  * If anyone has a soda stream, how much syrup do you use in your soda stream?

    * NormaS

    * 6/18/2014

  * We have a SodaStream machine. This definitely beats the store bought syrups. I'll be making a triple batch today. It's good stuff!

    * SuzanneatLarge

    * Kaneohe, HI

    * 8/10/2013

  * I made this for my son's 7th birthday party, and it was a big hit. My son and I love ginger, but even those who don't still enjoyed this drink. Everyone was impressed that I MADE ginger ale. I used a little less sugar than called for. I've made this three times since that party we love it so much!

    * breezygirl

    * PNW

    * 11/1/2012

  * Really 3.5 forks, this has been a big hit with all I've shared it with. I do leave out the sugar and use a tiny bit (less than 1 tsp) of honey. I also add some ginger peach tea with the ginger which adds a nice spicy kick.

    * Anonymous

    * Toronto

    * 8/19/2011

TagsNon-AlcoholicGingerCocktail PartyKid-FriendlyBackyard BBQSummerEngagement
PartySimmerLime JuiceGourmetDrinkSmall Plates

Read More

Brooklyn Blackout Cake

With smooth chocolate pudding buttercream sandwiched between layers of moist
devil’s food cake, the Brooklyn blackout cake is a dessert fit for chocolate
lovers.

By Erin Patinkin

Mango Sticky Rice

By The Gourmet Test Kitchen

No-Bake Peach Cheesecake With Wheat Thins Crust

The salty-sweet crust on this no-bake peach cheesecake is not to be missed.

By Rebecca Firkser

Blueberry-Lavender Shrub

Floral and fruity, with just the right amount of tang, this blueberry-lavender
shrub is your new summer fave.

By Michael Dietsch

Chocolate Swiss Roll

If you’ve made a rolled cake before and had anxiety because the recipe
requires you to perform cake calisthenics, this chocolate Swiss roll recipe is
for you.

By Shilpa Uskokovic

Carrot-Ginger Shrub

Pair this sweet, slightly spicy carrot-ginger shrub with vodka or gin, or use
it in salad dressing with olive oil, salt, and pepper.

By Michael Dietsch

Homemade Wine Vinegar

This homemade vinegar recipe works with any type of wine--red, white, rosé, or
a mix if you find yourself with open bottles after a party.

By Kirsten K. Shockey

Kung Pao Chicken

Kung pao chicken is a beloved Chinese take-out staple, but its balance of
salt, sweet, tang, and heat is easy to re-create at home.

By Diana Kuan

Since 1995, Epicurious has been the ultimate food resource for the home cook,
with daily kitchen tips, fun cooking videos, and, oh yeah, over 33,000
recipes.

  * Facebook

  * Twitter

  * Pinterest

  * YouTube

  * Instagram

More from Epicurious

  * Newsletters
  * Epicurious Cookware
  * Subscription FAQs

Connect

  * Careers
  * Press Center
  * Advertising
  * Masthead
  * Contact Us

  * Site Map
  * Accessibility Help
  * Condé Nast Store
  * Condé Nast Spotlight
  * Do Not Sell My Personal Info

© 2022 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes
acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement and
Your California Privacy Rights. _Epicurious_ may earn a portion of sales from
products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate
Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced,
distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior
written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

Food Innovation Group

