https://toriavey.com/how-to/cooking-tutorials/the-old-fashioned-way-homemade-ginger-beer/


Tori Avey

Recipes, How To Tutorials & Vintage Lifestyle - Every Day Inspired by the Past

  * About
    * Meet Tori
    * Press
    * LIfestyle
    * Contributors
  * All Recipes
    * Mediterranean Recipes
    * Jewish Recipes
    * Special Diets
    * Holidays
    * All Recipes
  * Mediterranean
    * Breakfast
    * Lunch
    * Dinner
    * More
  * Jewish
    * Sephardic
    * Ashkenazi
    * Shabbat
    * More
  * How To

  * About
    * Meet Tori
    * Press
    * LIfestyle
    * Contributors
  * All Recipes
    * Mediterranean Recipes
    * Jewish Recipes
    * Special Diets
    * Holidays
    * All Recipes
  * Mediterranean
    * Breakfast
    * Lunch
    * Dinner
    * More
  * Jewish
    * Sephardic
    * Ashkenazi
    * Shabbat
    * More
  * How To

learn how to cook mediterranean

Sign Up

Home || Recipes || Beverages || The Old Fashioned Way: Homemade Ginger Beer

September 5, 2013 by Sharon Biggs Waller 447 Comments

# The Old Fashioned Way: Homemade Ginger Beer

7.9K shares

  *   *   * 

Home || Recipes || Beverages || The Old Fashioned Way: Homemade Ginger Beer

September 5, 2013 by Sharon Biggs Waller 447 Comments

# The Old Fashioned Way: Homemade Ginger Beer

Learn to make ginger beer (aka ginger ale) the old fashioned way, with fresh
grated ginger and the power of active yeast. Includes recipe, how-to video and
photo tutorial. This recipe makes roughly 2 liters of ginger beer.

7.9K shares

  *   *   * 

4.60 from 85 votes

Jump to Recipe Email Me Recipes

In this post I will teach you how to make ginger beer the old fashioned way,
no soda machine or brewery required. This drink is nice and refreshing on a
warm day; it’s also one of the main ingredients in the popular Moscow Mule
cocktail. It’s easy, really, and surprisingly fizzy. I’ve outlined the recipe
and process below, including a how-to video and photo tutorial.

Ginger, with its zippy and refreshing taste, is listed among the world’s
oldest spices. As far back as 500 BC, this native plant of China and India was
used for medicine, food, and flavoring. For most of the Western world, ginger
was used to spice up drinks. Up until the Victorian era, beer was the drink of
choice in England, especially herbal and spiced low-alcohol “small” beers such
as ginger beer.

I would be willing to bet that most us were introduced to the flavor of
_Zingiber officinale_ through ginger ale. I don’t know about you, but the
zingy soda pop was my mom’s go-to cure for tummy aches. This non-alcoholic
ginger ale made its American debut in 1866 when a Detroit, Michigan pharmacist
named James Vernor installed a soda fountain in his drugstore. Vernor began
playing around with ginger extracts, and in 1870 perfected his recipe, which
included mellowing the syrup for four years in wooden casks. It’s not
surprising that a pharmacist would chose ginger, as the rhizome was (and still
is) known as a stomach soother. In fact, Vernor’s ads often touted “Mothers
tell their children to ask for Vernor’s Ginger Ale because it’s wholesome and
healthful.” Vernor’s Ginger Ale remains just as popular today.

Ginger ale and ginger beer are both basically the same thing. It’s easy and
inexpensive to make old-fashioned ginger beer at home, and you get more of a
gingery taste than you do from the store-bought stuff. A bit of fermentation
is involved, which produces a very slight alcohol content (not noticeable, but
important to point out for those sensitive to alcohol). Some manufacturers
ferment the mixture longer and make other adjustments to increase the alcohol
content, but for our purposes this ginger beer is more akin to ginger ale. If
you’re concerned, make the ginger syrup as noted below, but skip the
fermentation process and mix it with seltzer water instead to produce a
fermentation-free beverage.

Once you master the process of creating ginger beer, you’ll be hooked. It’s
fun to ferment. Enjoy!

**Recommended Products** :

Sauce Pan

Mesh Strainer

Funnel

Video by Entice Films

_We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an
affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees
by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites. As an Amazon Associate I earn
from qualifying purchases._

## Homemade Ginger Beer

Learn to make ginger beer (aka ginger ale) the old fashioned way, with fresh
grated ginger and the power of active yeast. Includes recipe, how-to video and
photo tutorial. This recipe makes roughly 2 liters of ginger beer.

PRINT RECIPE Email Me Recipes

COURSE: Drinks

Kosher Key: Parve

Servings: 6 servings

Prep Time: 5 minutes

Cook Time: 3 days

Total Time: 3 days

### Ingredients

#### Ginger Syrup Ingredients

  * 1 cup granulated sugar
  * 1/2 cup water
  * 2 tbsp grated fresh ginger

#### Ginger Beer Ingredients

  * 1/8  tsp active dry yeast or brewer's yeast
  * Ginger syrup  (ingredients above)
  * 3 tbsp lemon juice, freshly squeezed
  * 7 cups filtered water

## NOTES

 **You will also need** : clean 2-liter soda bottle, funnel

CAUTION: be sure to open the bottle every day to release the extra gas,
otherwise the bottle might explode and you’ll have a big mess on your hands!
The photos in the blog post above were taken using a glass bottle. Please keep
in mind that home brew is volatile in nature. If you will not be "on top" of
releasing built up pressure as it ferments, we recommend using a plastic
bottle instead. Note that as the beverage ferments, sediment will settle at
the bottom of the bottle. You can strain it out if you wish.

### Instructions

  * Peel a chunk of the ginger with the tip of a teaspoon—the papery skin scrapes right off—and grate it, using the fine side of your grater. Place the ginger, sugar, and water in a saucepan over medium heat and stir until the sugar is dissolved. Turn off the heat and allow the mixture to steep for an hour. 

  * Strain the mixture (discard the ginger solids) and allow to cool. 

  * You’ve now made ginger syrup (or gingerette, as the Brits call it). Stop right here if you’re looking for a short-cut to ginger ale and you don’t want to mess around with the fermentation process. Pour three or four tablespoons (more or less depending upon how gingery you like it) of your syrup over ice and add 8 ounces of seltzer water or club soda. Bottle the rest of the syrup and store it in the refrigerator. 

  * For the full ginger beer experience, place a funnel in the top of the bottle. Sprinkle the yeast in, followed by the syrup, lemon juice, and water. 

  * Put the lid on the bottle and shake the concoction until the yeast is dissolved. Stow it on a shady shelf or in your pantry out of direct sunlight for 2-3 days, or until fizz is achieved. At this point it is ready to drink, and must be stored in the refrigerator to prevent further fermentation. Don't forget about the bottle, or the pressure will build up so much that it may explode!

As with any yeast-powered beverage, the fermentation process continues unless
you prevent it from happening. Refrigerating will slow the process down but
not stop it completely, that's why it’s best to treat ginger beer as a
perishable beverage. Consume within 1-2 weeks.

  * Serve over ice and savor the spicy taste of your very own homemade ginger beer! 

### Nutrition

Nutrition Facts

Homemade Ginger Beer

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 132

**% Daily Value***

**Sodium** 16mg **1%**

 **Potassium** 17mg **0%**

 **Carbohydrates** 34g **11%**

Sugar 33g **37%**

**Vitamin C** 2.9mg **4%**

 **Calcium** 9mg **1%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

### tried this recipe?  
Let us know in the comments!

Nutritional information should be considered an estimate only; please consult
a registered dietician, nutritionist, or your physician for specific health-
related questions. Read more here. Please note that the recipe above is
published using a recipe card plugin, with preexisting software which can
auto-calculate metric measurements, as well as change the number of servings.
Metric conversions and changes to the number of servings (resulting in
different ingredient amounts) will only appear in the ingredient list, and are
not changed within the step-by-step directions of the recipe.

7.9K shares

  *   *   * 

Bienenstich Bars PREVIOUS

Eggplant Tahini Basil Crostini NEXT

## cooking mediterranean

Sign up for my latest recipes and cooking tips, plus a free eCookbook.

#### About Sharon Biggs Waller

Sharon Biggs Waller writes about historical and vintage cooking techniques for
ToriAvey.com. She is a historical young adult novelist and freelance magazine
writer for Urban Farm, Hobby Farms, Hobby Farm Home, and Chickens.
Viking/Penguin released her debut historical novel, A Mad, Wicked Folly, in
2014. Read more...

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Rate this Recipe Rate this Recipe  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name and email in this browser for the next time I comment.

Please Note: We typically moderate comments once per month, so please don’t
expect a quick response. I encourage you to read through the entire post and
comments section carefully before asking a question, as it has very likely
already been answered. Read the comment policy.

Δ

### Comments

  1. Violet Winter says

July 11, 2022 at 3:25 pm

I think it is too sweet, for my taste. Maybe add more ginger. I like it spicy,
are there other spices you can add?

Reply

  2. Carolyne says

May 19, 2022 at 10:34 am

  
This recipe is a very helpful guide. I modified it thought because I didn't
find it gingery enough for my tastes. I will warn however I'm a huge fan of
spicy ginger.

I quadrupled the ginger and also added a couple extra tbs of lemon juice. I
also juiced my ginger in a juicer I dont know if that changed anything.

The results are so wonderful!! My spouse and all my friends love it!

Reply

  3. Nick Dodgson says

February 24, 2022 at 6:44 am

  
Made this several times and the results are superb. If you freeze the ginger
before grating it makes grating it a breeze and makes sure all the ginger
flavored juice makes it to the pan!

Reply

  4. Robin says

February 22, 2022 at 4:19 pm

  
I will try this. I wanted to comment on how nice and print friendly your site
is. Thank you

Reply

    * Tori Avey says

February 25, 2022 at 7:52 pm

Glad to hear that!

  5. David Bray says

January 30, 2022 at 2:11 pm

I am going to make this recipe but would like to add a little note.

It looks like the real idea of heating the syrup is not to just melt the sugar
(not really needed to ferment). It is more to pasteurize the syrup and release
the ginger oils. If you are going to just make the ginger beer, you can make
the whole batch at once. That being said, all you really need to do is heat
the whole brew to 186 (F) for a couple of minutes, strain into the bottles,
seal (keeps out unwanted bacteria) and let cool to room temperature, then add
the yeast and you should be good to go. If you have airgaps, used for making
beer or wine, this will keep the CO2 to a manageable level in your bottles -
or make a gallon jug, ferment and bottle afterwards (like I do for beer).

Reply

« Older Comments

#### Welcome

My name is Tori Avey, I’m so glad you’re here! On my site I explore
Mediterranean cuisine and culture. I am passionate about sharing authentic,
flavorful recipes with you.

Learn More

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

## cooking mediterranean

Sign up for my latest recipes and cooking tips, plus a free eCookbook.

#### Featured Recipes

Salads and Mezze

## Grilled Vegetable Salad

Entrees

## Mediterranean Sardine Pasta with Lemon, Capers and Chili Flakes

Side Dishes

## How to Roast Asparagus

Entrees

## Roasted Vegetable Moussaka

#### Most Popular

Entrees

## Honey Garlic Chicken

Cooking Tutorials

## How to Fry Eggplant with Less Oil

Entrees

## Quinoa Black Bean Burrito Bowls

Salads and Mezze

## Classic Hummus

#### Email Me Recipes

  * Mediterranean
  * Breakfast
  * Lunch
  * Dinner
  * More

  * Jewish
  * Sephardic
  * Ashkenazi
  * Shabbat
  * More

  * All Recipes
  * Mediterranean
  * Jewish
  * How To
  * Holidays

© 2022 Tori Avey

Privacy Policy

Terms of Service

Site Credits

Back to Top

