https://fearlesseating.net/homemade-ginger-ale/


Menu

  * About
  * Blog
  * Books
    * New England Soups from the Sea
    * The Thai Soup Secret
    * Fearless Broths & Soups
    * 30-Day Heartburn Solution
  * Thursday Nite Soup Club
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

SEARCH:

# How to Make Homemade Ginger Ale and Why You Should Avoid Store-Bought Brands

Fermented Foods and Drinks

117

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

Making homemade ginger ale is so easy you wouldn't believe it.  That being
said, when I made ginger ale for the first time, it was a comedic disaster.
The ginger ale recipe I used called for fresh lime juice.  But instead of
using the juice of fresh limes I used concentrated bottled lime juice (which I
mistook for fresh lime juice).

It was limey, to say the least.

It was also gross.

When I realized my mistake, I tried it again.  And it came out beautifully.  

## 5 Reasons to Make Homemade Ginger Ale

1\. It's a perfect late-summer, early-fall beverage.

2\. It's beyond easy.

3\. It's fermented which means it contains healthy probiotics.

4\. Conventional ginger ale usually contains high fructose corn syrup,
preservatives and "natural flavoring" for the ginger flavor.  "Natural
flavoring" is another word for chemicals.

Schweppes, Canada Dry and Seagram's contain all of the above.  Guess what they
don't contain?  

5\. Homemade ginger ale contains…get ready for this… real ginger.

Here's the recipe I used from _Nourishing Traditions_, with a few minor
changes:

##  Homemade Ginger Ale Recipe

Real ginger, lime juice, sugar and a few other things is all you need to make
a simple homemade ginger ale.

Print

Course Drinks

Cuisine American

Prep Time 20 minutes

Total Time 20 minutes

Servings 2 quarts

Author Craig Fear

### Ingredients

  * 3/4 cup fresh ginger, peeled and diced
  * 1/4 - 1/2 cup fresh lime juice
  * 2 teaspoons sea salt
  * 1/4 - 1/2 cup organic sugar 
  * 1/4 cup whey
  * 2 quarts filtered water
  * a few mint leaves, optional

### Instructions

  1. Peel and chop ginger.

  2. Add other ingredients to a 2 quart glass jar and add filtered water.

  3. Leave on counter for 2-4 days and check every day for signs of fizzing. 

  

  4. When carbonated, transfer to the fridge.



## A Few More Things You Should Know

Just to be clear, for the lime juice, absolutely do NOT use this (or anything
like it):

Use freshly squeezed lime juice from actual real limes!

Also, because this is fermented it will probably be stronger than most ginger
ales you've tried in the past.  If it's too strong, dilute it with some
carbonated water.  The carbonated water will also add some additional fizz.

Finally, most recipes I've seen call for 2-3 days of fermenting on your
kitchen counter before transferring it to the fridge.  Be sure to taste it as
you go.  Your taste buds will tell you when it's ready.

Mine tasted flat after two days and there was no sign of bubbling.  On day
three it was slightly better.

On day four, it looked like this:

And it tasted great.

Have you made homemade ginger ale? Did you do anything different? Please share
your experience in the comments below.

## **More sources for making homemade ginger ale**

Making Natural Sodas with Roots and Herbs

True Brews

Delicious Probiotic Drinks

Photo credit: (C)Depositphotos.com/Melpomene

_Fearless Eating may receive commissions from purchases made through links in
this article. As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.More
info here._

__Pin 9K

 __Share 22

 __Reddit

 __Email

 __Tweet

 __Yum

Follow

  *   * 

#### About the Author

Craig Fear is the creator of Fearless Eating and the author of three books,
_The 30-Day Heartburn Solution, Fearless Broths and Soups_ and _The Thai Soup
Secret._ After years helping clients with digestive issues, Craig decided to
pursue writing full-time. He intends to write many more books on broths and
soups from around the world! Click here to learn more about Craig.

##### You Might Also Enjoy:

How to Make the BEST Lobster Ravioli Sauce

The Best Store-Bought Seafood Stock and Seafood Broth

#### Leave a Comment:

Name * E-Mail * Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Comments:

Δ

#### (117) comments

Add Your Reply

#### Leave a Comment:

Name * E-Mail * Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Comments:

Δ

  * POPULAR
  * RECENT 

The 6 Types of Clam Chowder in New England

__



The Best Store-Bought Seafood Stock and Seafood Broth

__



Clam Juice: Why You Need It, Best Brands, and Recipes

__



Grilled Striped Bass with a Mango Salsa

__



How to Make the BEST Lobster Ravioli Sauce

__



Poor Man's Lobster Recipe

__



Disclosure

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

  *   * http://pinterest.com/http://fearlesseating

  *   * 

© 2022 by Fearless Eating. All rights reserved.

  * About
  * Terms & Conditions
  * Privacy Policy
  * Contact

 __Pin 9K

 __Share 22

 __Reddit

 __Email

 __Tweet

