https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/food-news/christmas-special-how-to-make-the-classic-ginger-ale-at-home/articleshow/88418334.cms


Now playing __

×

## Thanks For Rating

 __

## Reminder Successfully Set!

__Next Story:

Globe cakes, gingerbread cookies, and peppermint joysticks: A peek inside NCR
home bakers' Christmas hampers

 __

  * Christmas Special: How to make the classic Ginger Ale at home
  * Globe cakes, gingerbread cookies, and peppermint joysticks: A peek inside NCR home bakers' Christmas hampers
  * Home chefs whip up unique delicacies for Christmas this year
  * Allahabadi Cake, the traditional Indian Christmas food made since ages

### Select a City

Close

Your current city: Mumbai(Mumbai)

searchclose

  * A
  * B
  * C
  * D
  * E
  * F
  * G
  * H
  * I
  * J
  * K
  * L
  * M
  * N
  * O
  * P
  * R
  * S
  * T
  * U
  * V
  * W
  * Y
  * Z

  * Ahmedabad
  * Hyderabad
  * Bengluru
  * Chandigarh
  * Kolkata
  * Mumbai
  * Chennai
  * Pune
  * Delhi NCR

All Bombay Times print stories are available on

×

Powered by Delhi Times, Aurangabad Times, Maharashtra Times

+

more __

  * Nashik Times
  * Aurangabad Times
  * Badlapur Times

You can change your city from here.  
We serve personalized stories based on the selected city

OK

Hello, __

  * Edit Profile
  * My Times
  * Logout

Sign In __ __

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

Go to TOI

The Times of India

  *  _Etimes_
    * BriefsMoviesTVBigg BossWeb SeriesLifestylePageantsVisual StoriesMusicEventsVideosParentingTheatrePhotosGaming
    *   * Lifestyle
  * Relationships
    * #### Relationships

Love & SexWorkPetsSoul CurryAsk The ExpertVideos

    *  __

A brief low down on Shania Twain 's divorce saga

"My husband doesn't want to talk about money"

Love Capsule: I willingly became a mistress to my boss

The deceiving newspaper man

 __

Ranked: These zodiacs hate change

 __

Each zodiac hides this truth about themselves

  * Health & Fitness
    * #### Health & Fitness

Health NewsFitnessDietMental HealthCoronavirusAlternative TherapiesWeight
LossVideosDiseases

    *  __

5 things to learn from Adnan Sami's impressive weight loss journey

 __

Recipe: Shilpa Shetty Kundra 's 'oil free' fish curry

 __

Coronavirus: A brain tumour symptom that can be misdiagnosed as long COVID

 __

Having a headache? Know what it means based on its location

 __

Coronavirus: From duration to rate of incidence, new study sheds light on long
COVID

 __

Shift the focus! Prostate cancer may NOT always show urinary symptoms, finds
study

  * Fashion
    * #### Fashion

Celeb StyleStyle GuideBuzzDesignersShowsLuxuryVideosDesigners Directory

    *  __

Deepika Padukone to Janhvi Kapoor: Best dressed celebs this week

Anushka Sharma's monokini to Radhika Madan's cutout swimsuit: Hottest
beachwear to pack for your next holiday

 __

Most stylish looks of Rahul Khanna

What women keep in mind while shopping for lingerie

 __

Hottest pastel lehengas to pick this wedding season

Anupama Parameswaran stuns in a mustard sharara set

  * Parenting
    * #### Parenting

Getting PregnantPregnancyFirst YearToddler and BeyondTeenMomentsAsk the
ExpertVideos

    *  __

5 nutritious snack foods to stock in your kitchen during pregnancy

 __

Astro prediction for August 2022: Expert reveals how this month will be for
your teens, school-goers

 __

From managing finance to handling trolls, parenting tips from Kajol

The negative effects of a parenting book

 __

Things your child's teacher wishes you knew about school homework

 __

Jeremy Lalrinnunga: Inspirational story of CWG 2022 gold medal winner

  * Beauty
    * Taking care of your coloured hair

 __

How Kajol manages to look so young at 48!

How to deal with skin pigmentation after 40

Everything about scarless skin grafting using adhesive protein

 __

Beauty secrets of 'Sita Ramam' actress Rashmika Mandanna

Beauty industry shifts from problem-focused products to ingredient-focused
products

  * morelimorelimoreli
    * Books
    * Recipes
    * Food News
    * Travel
    * Home & Garden
    * Events
    * Spotlight
    * Videos

Search×

×

Last Searched

See all results matching 'mub'

  * Trending Now:
  * Detox Diet
  * Weight Loss Foods
  * Immunity boosting Foods
  * COVID-19
  * Food for Long Life
  * Indian dishes under 50
  * Fluffy Omelette Recipe
  * Fruits for Glowing Skin
  * Bat Spit Coffee
  * Sara Ali Khan

  1. News
»

  2. Lifestyle
»

  3. Food News
»

  4. Christmas Special: How to make the classic Ginger Ale at home

## Christmas Special: How to make the classic Ginger Ale at home

 __ __ __

## Comments ()

Sort: NewestUpVotedOldestDiscussedDown Voted

closecomments

Count: 3000

### SIGN IN WITH

FacebookGoogleEmail

### ORPOSTWITHOUTREGISTRATION

X

Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory,
and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred
against any community. **Help us delete comments** that do not follow these
guidelines **by marking them offensive**. Let's work together to keep the
conversation civil.

Be the first one to review.

We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the
message

# Christmas Special: How to make the classic Ginger Ale at home

By -

Updated: Dec 23, 2021, 17:49 IST

 _facebook_ _twitter_ _Pintrest_

Christmas is around the corner and it’s time to celebrate the big-day with
some traditional drinks and homemade food. Cooking or baking at home for a
supper is an usual affair, but have you ever tried mixing up your favourite
ingredients to make your favourite blend at home like a pro! Well, if you are
planning a party at home, then here’s a simple yet easy-to-make Ginger Ale
recipe which you can make at home in just a few minutes.  

  
**What is a Ginger Ale?**

  

  
Ginger Ale is a carbonated beverage made with ginger root mixed with
sweetener. This drink is traditionally made by fermenting ginger root and
sweetener. However, the commercial Ginger Ale is made by adding fructose and
additives to add a nice taste. You can make this drink at home without any
additives by following a simple recipe given below.  

**Read Also** Allahabadi Cake, the traditional Indian Christmas food made
since ages

  
  
**How to make Ginger Ale at home?**  
  
To begin with this easy recipe, take a pan and add 2 cups of water. Once the
water starts boiling, add 1 cup peeled and grated ginger. Allow the blend to
simmer. Turn off the flame and keep it aside for 30 minutes.  
  

  
Next, prepare the sugar syrup by adding 1 cup brown/granulated sugar in a pan
with 1 cup water. Once the syrup is prepared, allow it to cool.  
  
Also See: Christmas special: Tea cake recipes you must try today  

  
In the meantime, strain the ginger juice, pour it in a large glass jug, add in
sugar syrup along with crushed mint leaves, 2 teaspoon lemon juice and ½ cup
of soda. Mix it all nicely.

  
Serve it with crushed ice and cinnamon stick, enjoy!

  

  
Also See: Christmas 2021: How to perfectly roast Chicken for Christmas

  

  

## 1/6Drinks that will keep you warm during Christmas

Left ArrowRight Arrow

  * <p>The festival of Christmas falls on December 25 every year which also marks the coldest time of the winter season. With spine-chilling winds blowing outside, one just feels like snuggling in warm fuzzy blankets indoors. In such a situation, a hot drink can provide the ultimate warmth and comfort to the body. Move over tea, coffee, hot chocolate and try Chrismas-special drinks this festive season. If you are hosting a Christmas party, then do keep any of the below-given drinks on the party menu. Feel warm and comfortable with the below given traditional recipes and do try them at home. (image credits-istock)</p>

The festival of Christmas falls on December 25 every year which also marks the
coldest time of the winter season. With spine-chilling winds blowing outside,
one just feels like snuggling in warm fuzzy blankets indoors. In such a
situation, a hot drink can provide the ultimate warmth and comfort to the
body. Move over tea, coffee, hot chocolate and try Chrismas-special drinks
this festive season. If you are hosting a Christmas party, then do keep any of
the below-given drinks on the party menu. Feel warm and comfortable with the
below given traditional recipes and do try them at home. (image credits-
istock)

Read moreRead less

  * <p><strong>Ingredients required-</strong> ¼ cup whiskey, ¾ cup warm water, 1 tbsp honey, 1 tbsp lemon juice, 1 cinnamon stick and 2 cloves.<br /></p><p><strong>Method</strong></p><ul><li>Add boiling water to a glass and pour whiskey into it. Give a stir. </li><li>Now add honey, lemon juice, cinnamon stick and cloves. Cover it with a lid and let it stand for 5 minutes. This will let the drink absorb the flavours of the spices. </li><li>Now remove cloves and cinnamon stick and serve. Drink while warm. </li></ul>

 **Ingredients required-** ¼ cup whiskey, ¾ cup warm water, 1 tbsp honey, 1
tbsp lemon juice, 1 cinnamon stick and 2 cloves.  

 **Method**

    * Add boiling water to a glass and pour whiskey into it. Give a stir. 
    * Now add honey, lemon juice, cinnamon stick and cloves. Cover it with a lid and let it stand for 5 minutes. This will let the drink absorb the flavours of the spices. 
    * Now remove cloves and cinnamon stick and serve. Drink while warm. 

Read moreRead less

  * <p><strong>Ingredients required</strong>\- 4 cups apple cider, 1 apple, 1 cup orange juice, 2 tbsp lemon juice, 2 cinnamon sticks, 6 whole cloves, 1-inch ginger, 1 tsp sugar and 1 pinch nutmeg powder.<br /></p><p><strong>Method</strong></p><ul><li>Firstly, poke the apple using cloves. Insert all the cloves in the apple and place it in a pot. </li><li>Pour apple cider, orange juice, lemon juice into the pot. Also add ginger, sugar, cinnamon stick and nutmeg powder. </li><li>Cover with a lid and let it simmer for 30 minutes. </li><li>Now strain the drink and pour into cups. Serve hot. </li></ul>

 **Ingredients required** \- 4 cups apple cider, 1 apple, 1 cup orange juice,
2 tbsp lemon juice, 2 cinnamon sticks, 6 whole cloves, 1-inch ginger, 1 tsp
sugar and 1 pinch nutmeg powder.  

 **Method**

    * Firstly, poke the apple using cloves. Insert all the cloves in the apple and place it in a pot. 
    * Pour apple cider, orange juice, lemon juice into the pot. Also add ginger, sugar, cinnamon stick and nutmeg powder. 
    * Cover with a lid and let it simmer for 30 minutes. 
    * Now strain the drink and pour into cups. Serve hot. 

Read moreRead less

  * <p><strong>Ingredients required-</strong> 1 cup rum, 2 cup water, ½ cup sugar, 2 tbsp unsalted butter, ½ tsp cinnamon powder, ¼ tsp nutmeg powder, ¼ tsp clove powder and one pinch salt.<br /></p><p><strong>Method</strong></p><ul><li>Add sugar, butter, cinnamon powder, nutmeg powder, clove powder and salt in a bowl. Use an electric whisker to make a smooth mixture. </li><li>Divide this mixture equally into 4 cups. </li><li>Pour an equal quantity of rum into each cup. </li><li>Top it off with boiling hot water. Don't fill the cup till the brim, leave out some space at the top. </li><li>Give it a mix and your Buttered Rum is ready to be served. </li></ul>

 **Ingredients required-** 1 cup rum, 2 cup water, ½ cup sugar, 2 tbsp
unsalted butter, ½ tsp cinnamon powder, ¼ tsp nutmeg powder, ¼ tsp clove
powder and one pinch salt.  

 **Method**

    * Add sugar, butter, cinnamon powder, nutmeg powder, clove powder and salt in a bowl. Use an electric whisker to make a smooth mixture. 
    * Divide this mixture equally into 4 cups. 
    * Pour an equal quantity of rum into each cup. 
    * Top it off with boiling hot water. Don’t fill the cup till the brim, leave out some space at the top. 
    * Give it a mix and your Buttered Rum is ready to be served. 

Read moreRead less

  * <p><strong>Ingredients required</strong>\- 1 bottle red wine, 1 cup water, 1 cup sugar, 1 orange, 1 cinnamon stick and 10 cloves.<br /></p><p><strong>Method</strong></p><ul><li>In a pot, add water, sugar, cloves and cinnamon stick. </li><li>Bring to a boil and lower the flame. </li><li>Now cut the orange into half and squeeze out all the juice. </li><li>Add the orange peel to the pot.</li><li>Give a mix and let the mixture simmer for 20 minutes. </li><li>Lastly, add the bottle of wine to the pot and heat the mixture till it almost comes to a boil. </li><li>Quickly turn off the flame and pour into glasses after straining. Sip on it while warm. </li></ul>

 **Ingredients required** \- 1 bottle red wine, 1 cup water, 1 cup sugar, 1
orange, 1 cinnamon stick and 10 cloves.  

 **Method**

    * In a pot, add water, sugar, cloves and cinnamon stick. 
    * Bring to a boil and lower the flame. 
    * Now cut the orange into half and squeeze out all the juice. 
    * Add the orange peel to the pot.
    * Give a mix and let the mixture simmer for 20 minutes. 
    * Lastly, add the bottle of wine to the pot and heat the mixture till it almost comes to a boil. 
    * Quickly turn off the flame and pour into glasses after straining. Sip on it while warm. 

Read moreRead less

  * <p><strong>Ingredients required</strong>\- 1 cup milk, ½ cup pumpkin puree, ½ cup rum, 2 tbsp sugar, 1 pinch cinnamon powder and whipped cream for garnishing (optional).</p><p><strong>Method</strong></p><ul><li>Add all the ingredients to a pot and mix well. </li><li>Bring to a boil and lower the flame. </li><li>Let it simmer for about 3-4 minutes and continuously whisk it. </li><li>Once done, pour into cups, garnish with whipped cream and serve. </li></ul><p><br /></p><p><strong><br /></strong></p><p><strong>For scrumptious recipes, videos and exciting food news, subscribe to our free <a href="https://recipes.timesofindia.com/newsletterdaily.cms" target="_blank">Daily</a> and <a href="https://recipes.timesofindia.com/newsletterweekly.cms" target="_blank">Weekly Newsletters</a>.<br /></strong></p>

 **Ingredients required** \- 1 cup milk, ½ cup pumpkin puree, ½ cup rum, 2
tbsp sugar, 1 pinch cinnamon powder and whipped cream for garnishing
(optional).

 **Method**

    * Add all the ingredients to a pot and mix well. 
    * Bring to a boil and lower the flame. 
    * Let it simmer for about 3-4 minutes and continuously whisk it. 
    * Once done, pour into cups, garnish with whipped cream and serve. 

  

**  
**

**For scrumptious recipes, videos and exciting food news, subscribe to our
freeDaily and Weekly Newsletters.  
**

Read moreRead less

Share this on: _Facebook_ _Twitter_ _Pintrest_

  

## 1/6History of the popular Christmas Fruitcake

Left ArrowRight Arrow

  * <p>Christmas festivities are incomplete without a cake and the most popular variant that most people opt for is a Fruitcake. Loaded with a number of nuts, berries, candied fruits, raisins, apricots, figs, dates etc. Fruitcake is indeed a delight to have. Traditionally the nuts and fruits are soaked in alcohol concoction, which is usually rum, brandy, wine or whisky. This adds a strong and boozy flavour to the cake. But how did Fruitcake become synonyms with Christmas? Read on to know the history of Fruitcake and how it garnered its popularity. (image credits- istock)</p><p><br /></p><p>Also See: <a href="https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/food-news/christmas-special-tea-cake-recipes-you-must-try-today/photostory/88396539.cms" data-type="tilCustomLink">Christmas special: Tea cake recipes you must try today</a></p>

Christmas festivities are incomplete without a cake and the most popular
variant that most people opt for is a Fruitcake. Loaded with a number of nuts,
berries, candied fruits, raisins, apricots, figs, dates etc. Fruitcake is
indeed a delight to have. Traditionally the nuts and fruits are soaked in
alcohol concoction, which is usually rum, brandy, wine or whisky. This adds a
strong and boozy flavour to the cake. But how did Fruitcake become synonyms
with Christmas? Read on to know the history of Fruitcake and how it garnered
its popularity. (image credits- istock)

  

Also See: Christmas special: Tea cake recipes you must try today

Read moreRead less

  * <p>It is said that the oldest version of Fruitcake is similar to an energy bar which was made by Romans to fuel up their soldiers who went to the battlefield. This Roman version of Fruitcake was made using barley, honey, wine and dried fruits.<br /></p><p>Some historians also say that Fruitcakes were left inside the tombs of the dead in ancient Egypt. These Fruitcakes were served as sustenance for the afterlife.</p><p><br /></p><p>Also See: <a href="https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/food-news/christmas-special-how-to-make-the-classic-ginger-ale-at-home/articleshow/88418334.cms">Ginger Ale Recipe: How to make the classic Ginger Ale at home</a></p>

It is said that the oldest version of Fruitcake is similar to an energy bar
which was made by Romans to fuel up their soldiers who went to the
battlefield. This Roman version of Fruitcake was made using barley, honey,
wine and dried fruits.  

Some historians also say that Fruitcakes were left inside the tombs of the
dead in ancient Egypt. These Fruitcakes were served as sustenance for the
afterlife.

  

Also See: Ginger Ale Recipe: How to make the classic Ginger Ale at home

Read moreRead less

  * <p>During the Crusades too (a series of religious wars initiated, supported, and sometimes directed by the Latin Church in the medieval period) Fruitcake was used for nourishment of the soldiers. Their Fruitcakes were made using bread, honey, spices, nuts and dried fruits.<br /></p><p>During the 1600s, the Europeans brought tonnes of sugar from colonized lands back to their homeland. People started preserving fruits by chopping them into small bits, coating them in sugar syrup and then drying them. That's how candied fruits were made. Since this technique preserved fruits for long, people even started using these fruit combinations to make cakes. This technique became extremely popular in regions where there was limited access to fresh fruits. </p><p><br /></p><p>Also See: <a href="https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/food-news/christmas-2021-how-to-perfectly-roast-chicken-for-christmas/photostory/88274083.cms" data-type="tilCustomLink">Christmas 2021: How to perfectly roast Chicken for Christmas</a><br /></p>

During the Crusades too (a series of religious wars initiated, supported, and
sometimes directed by the Latin Church in the medieval period) Fruitcake was
used for nourishment of the soldiers. Their Fruitcakes were made using bread,
honey, spices, nuts and dried fruits.  

During the 1600s, the Europeans brought tonnes of sugar from colonized lands
back to their homeland. People started preserving fruits by chopping them into
small bits, coating them in sugar syrup and then drying them. That’s how
candied fruits were made. Since this technique preserved fruits for long,
people even started using these fruit combinations to make cakes. This
technique became extremely popular in regions where there was limited access
to fresh fruits.

  

Also See: Christmas 2021: How to perfectly roast Chicken for Christmas  

Read moreRead less

  * <p>Fruitcakes have a long shelf life because of the presence of alcohol in them. Back in the days, people used to prepare 'Make and Mature Cakes' which used to even last a year. The U.S. Department for Agriculture (USDA) suggests that Fruitcakes can be stored for one month in the pantry, up to 6 months when refrigerated and up to a year when frozen.<br /></p><p>It is said that the tradition of cake mixing started in the 17th century. In order to mark the arrival of the harvest season, people used to combine almonds, cashews, raisins, dates, figs, dried cherries, pistachios, cinnamon, cloves, nutmeg, dried ginger, candied fruits, prunes, walnuts and then soak them in rum, brandy, wine or a combination of fruit juices and alcohol. This process used to increase the shelf life of the Fruitcake. </p><p><br /></p><p>Also See: <a href="https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/food-news/allahabadi-christmas-cake-recipe-allahabadi-cake-the-traditional-indian-christmas-food-made-since-ages/articleshow/88399534.cms">Allahabadi Cake, the traditional Indian Christmas food made since ages</a><a href="https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/food-news/allahabadi-christmas-cake-recipe-allahabadi-cake-the-traditional-indian-christmas-food-made-since-ages/articleshow/88399534.cms"></a><br /></p>

Fruitcakes have a long shelf life because of the presence of alcohol in them.
Back in the days, people used to prepare ‘Make and Mature Cakes’ which used to
even last a year. The U.S. Department for Agriculture (USDA) suggests that
Fruitcakes can be stored for one month in the pantry, up to 6 months when
refrigerated and up to a year when frozen.  

It is said that the tradition of cake mixing started in the 17th century. In
order to mark the arrival of the harvest season, people used to combine
almonds, cashews, raisins, dates, figs, dried cherries, pistachios, cinnamon,
cloves, nutmeg, dried ginger, candied fruits, prunes, walnuts and then soak
them in rum, brandy, wine or a combination of fruit juices and alcohol. This
process used to increase the shelf life of the Fruitcake.

  

Also See: Allahabadi Cake, the traditional Indian Christmas food made since
ages  

Read moreRead less

  * <p>Fruitcakes are not just limited to USA or UK but are popular around the globe with each country having their own version of it. In Germany Fruitcake is called 'Stollen' and has a signature garnish of powdered sugar on top which gives it a snowy look.<br /></p><p>In Italy, Fruitcakes are called 'Panforte' or 'Pannetonne', while Poland and Bulgaria call them 'Keks'. in Portugal, they are called 'Bolo Rei', while in Vietnam Fruitcakes are called 'Banh Bo Mut'. In Ireland, Fruitcakes are called ' Barmbrack', while in Romania they are called 'Cozonac'. </p><p><strong>Fun fact- </strong>Do you know that the only record verified by the Guinness organization is the world's oldest cake, which is a 4,176-year-old cake discovered in an Egyptian tomb? </p>

Fruitcakes are not just limited to USA or UK but are popular around the globe
with each country having their own version of it. In Germany Fruitcake is
called ‘Stollen’ and has a signature garnish of powdered sugar on top which
gives it a snowy look.  

In Italy, Fruitcakes are called ‘Panforte’ or ‘Pannetonne’, while Poland and
Bulgaria call them ‘Keks’. in Portugal, they are called ‘Bolo Rei’, while in
Vietnam Fruitcakes are called ‘Banh Bo Mut’. In Ireland, Fruitcakes are called
‘ Barmbrack’, while in Romania they are called ‘Cozonac’.

**Fun fact-** Do you know that the only record verified by the Guinness
organization is the world's oldest cake, which is a 4,176-year-old cake
discovered in an Egyptian tomb?

Read moreRead less

  * <p><strong>Ingredients required- </strong>1 cup orange juice, 2 cup rum, 1 cup butter, 1 cup sugar, ¼ cup oil, ½ cup curd, 2 cup refined flour, ¼ tsp baking soda, 1 tsp baking powder, 1 pinch salt, 1 cup dates, ¼ cup raisins, ½ cup mixed tutti frutti, ½ cup mixed dried berries, ¼ cup dried figs, ¼ cup apricot, ¼ cup cashews and ¼ cup almonds.</p><p><strong>Method</strong><br /></p><ul><li><strong>Step 1</strong></li></ul><p>Add all the chopped nuts and fruits to a large bowl. Pour 1 cup of orange juice and 2 cups of rum into the bowl. Soak them properly in the juice-rum mixture for at least 12 hours. </p><ul><li><strong>Step 2</strong></li></ul><p>Add butter and sugar to a bowl. Use an electric whisker to whisk them together. Keep whisking till they are creamed well and you get a smooth paste. </p><ul><li><strong>Step 3</strong></li></ul><p>Now add oil, curd and again whisk well. To this mixture add flour, baking soda, baking powder, cinnamon powder, salt and give a mix. </p><ul><li><strong>Step 4</strong></li></ul><p>Also, add the soaked fruits and nuts. Add the orange-rum mixture as per need. Give a nice mix to attain a creamy mixture. Now line a baking tin/mould with parchment paper and grease it with some oil.</p><ul><li><strong>Step 5</strong></li></ul><p>Pour the mixture into the tin. Slide the tin into a preheated oven and bake at 170 degrees Celcius for 80-90 minutes. Insert a toothpick to check, if it comes out clean, your cake is ready. <strong></strong></p><ul><li><strong>Ready to be served</strong></li></ul><p>Chop the cake into pieces and serve. Enjoy!</p><p><br /></p><p><br /></p><p><strong><br /></strong></p><p><strong>For scrumptious recipes, videos and exciting food news, subscribe to our free <a href="https://recipes.timesofindia.com/newsletterdaily.cms" target="_blank">Daily</a> and <a href="https://recipes.timesofindia.com/newsletterweekly.cms" target="_blank">Weekly Newsletters</a>.</strong><br /></p><p><br /></p>

 **Ingredients required-** 1 cup orange juice, 2 cup rum, 1 cup butter, 1 cup
sugar, ¼ cup oil, ½ cup curd, 2 cup refined flour, ¼ tsp baking soda, 1 tsp
baking powder, 1 pinch salt, 1 cup dates, ¼ cup raisins, ½ cup mixed tutti
frutti, ½ cup mixed dried berries, ¼ cup dried figs, ¼ cup apricot, ¼ cup
cashews and ¼ cup almonds.

 **Method**  

    *  **Step 1**

Add all the chopped nuts and fruits to a large bowl. Pour 1 cup of orange
juice and 2 cups of rum into the bowl. Soak them properly in the juice-rum
mixture for at least 12 hours.

    * **Step 2**

Add butter and sugar to a bowl. Use an electric whisker to whisk them
together. Keep whisking till they are creamed well and you get a smooth paste.

    * **Step 3**

Now add oil, curd and again whisk well. To this mixture add flour, baking
soda, baking powder, cinnamon powder, salt and give a mix.

    * **Step 4**

Also, add the soaked fruits and nuts. Add the orange-rum mixture as per need.
Give a nice mix to attain a creamy mixture. Now line a baking tin/mould with
parchment paper and grease it with some oil.

    *  **Step 5**

Pour the mixture into the tin. Slide the tin into a preheated oven and bake at
170 degrees Celcius for 80-90 minutes. Insert a toothpick to check, if it
comes out clean, your cake is ready. ****

    * **Ready to be served**

Chop the cake into pieces and serve. Enjoy!

  

  

 **  
**

 **For scrumptious recipes, videos and exciting food news, subscribe to our
freeDaily and Weekly Newsletters.**  

  

Read moreRead less

Share this on: _Facebook_ _Twitter_ _Pintrest_

  

End of the article

#### Visual Stories

Right arrow

  *  __

##### Entertainment

10 Pics Proving Amy Jackson Is A Bombshell

  *  __

##### Recipes

This Smoothie can effectively lower high blood pressure

  *  __

##### Entertainment

Holiday looks of Aishwaryaa Rajesh

  *  __

##### TV

A look at Urfi Javed's journey

  *  __

##### Entertainment

When Genelia exceeded elegance in a saree

  *  __

##### Entertainment

Rashmika looks extremely stunning in specs

  *  __

##### Life Style

How Kajol manages to look so young at 48!

  *  __

##### Entertainment

Katrina Kaif's breathtaking floral outfits

  *  __

##### Entertainment

Celebs who had sex with over 100 people

  *  __

##### Life Style

8 K-dramas based on Korean novels to watch

## Play Exciting Puzzles & Games!

More Puzzles

#### Crossword

play now

#### Sudoku

play now

#### Word Search

play now

A weekly guide to the biggest developments in health, medicine and wellbeing
delivered to your inbox.

Subscribe

By subscribing to newsletter, you acknowledge our privacy policy

 **Thank you for subscribing!**  
  
Your subscription is confirmed for news related to biggest developments in
health, medicine and wellbeing.

### Featured in Lifestyle

  *  __

How To Greet 'Happy Friendship Day' In 10 Different Languages

  * Top 50 Friendship Day Wishes and Messages

  *  __

Kajol's favourite corner in her bungalow

  *  __

Rakhi Sawant's controversial statements

  *  __

Enid Blyton quotes that are important life lessons

  *  __

8 K-dramas based on Korean novels to watch

  *  __

5 body language gestures that leave a bad impression

  *  __

Vitamin B12 deficiency symptoms

  * Can you spot the tiger in this herd of zebras within 10 seconds?

LATEST VIDEOS

#### Food-News

  *  __World Breastfeeding week (Aug 1-7): Common issues mothers face during breastfeeding and how to manage it _05:30_
  *  __Ask the Expert: "My mother-in-law doesn't leave us alone, even in our bedroom" _02:07_
  *  __Timeless products for kids to engage meaningfully after school _03:53_
  *  __What are bone spurs that incidentally appear in scans _07:53_
  *  __Itchy skin during Monsoon- Learn how to manage allergies _05:50_
  *  __Blush& contour tricks 101 _04:51_
  *  __Swipe for Love: Shachi and Kavan's love story! _04:24_
  *  __How to get a flawless makeup base _06:01_
  *  __Health astro predictions for August 2022 _04:00_
  *  __Rajkummar Rao walks the ramp for Anamika Khanna _02:05_

BRAND LOGOS/TOI PLUS LOGO WhiteCreated with Sketch.StoriesSEE All

  * Will the new criminal law create a police state in India?

  * Why 'which fund should I invest in' is the wrong question to ask

  * How sugar tricks you into feeling hungry and overeating

  * Should prisoners be allowed to make babies?

A weekly guide to the biggest developments in health, medicine and wellbeing
delivered to your inbox.

Subscribe

By subscribing to newsletter, you acknowledge our privacy policy

 **Thank you for subscribing!**  
  
Your subscription is confirmed for news related to biggest developments in
health, medicine and wellbeing.

More From EtimesLifestyle

Vijay Deverakonda|Elon Musk|Ram Charan|Zodiac Sign|Ashwini Iyer Tiwari

###### Popular Categories

  * Entertainment News
  * Bollywood News
  * Tollywood News
  * Kollywood News
  * Mollywood News
  * Movie Reviews
  * Latest Hindi Movies
  * Latest Tamil Movies
  * MX Player
  * Parenting Tips

  * Home Remedies
  * Weight Loss
  * Beauty Tips
  * Parenting Tips
  * Hindi Videos
  * Hindi Video Songs
  * Bhojpuri Music Videos
  * Latest Telugu Movies
  * Bhojpuri Music Video
  * Hindi TV News

###### Trending in Entertainment

  * Latest Movies
  * Bollywood Movies
  * Hollywood Movies
  * Tamil Movies 2022
  * Telugu Movies 2022
  * Malayalam Movies 2022
  * Kannada Movies 2022
  * Marathi Movies 2022
  * Bengali Movies 2022
  * Top Rated Movies 2022

  * Best Hindi Movies
  * Best English Movies
  * Best Telugu Movies
  * Best Tamil Movies
  * Best Malayalam Movies
  * Best Kannada Movies
  * Best Bengali Movies
  * Upcoming Hindi Movies
  * Best Movies Of All Time
  * Best Hindi Movies of All Time

###### Trending in Etimes

  * Bollywood Latest News
  * International Beer Day 2022
  * Prostate Cancer Symptoms
  * Last 6 Hours Movie Review
  * Leonardo DiCaprio
  * Rashmika Mandanna
  * Jasprit Bumrah Wife
  * Varisu Movie
  * Kuruthi Aattam Movie Review
  * Mimi Chakraborty

  * Ek Villain Return Collection
  * Candice Swanepoels
  * Sonam Kapoor Pregnancy
  * Most Beautiful Places
  * Virat Kohli - Anushka Sharma
  * Sushmita Sen
  * Best Pic Of Kolkata
  * Monkeypox Diet
  * Deepika Singh
  * Kriti Sanon

###### Trending in TV

  * Dipika Kakar
  * Karan Mehra
  * Shaheer Sheikh
  * Gulki Joshi
  * UrfiJaved
  * TV Celebs
  * Anjali Arora

  * Akshaya Deodhar
  * Karishma Tanna
  * Shweta Tiwari
  * Farmani Naaz
  * Sneha Sharma Look
  * Sudesh Lehri
  * Karan Kundra

###### Trending in Lifestyle

  * India Couture Week 2022
  * Rahul Khannna
  * Rakhi Sawant Controversy
  * Abdominal Pain Symptoms
  * Naga Chaitanya Workout
  * Zodiac Sign
  * Weight Loss

  * Long Coronavirus Symptoms
  * Relationship Tips
  * Kajol Birthday
  * Optical Illusion
  * Relationship Tip
  * Rashmika Mandanna

###### Trending in Regional

  * Bimbisara Review
  * Ketki Sharma
  * Sita Ramam Twitter Review
  * Yenni Thuniga
  * Mahesh Babu
  * Catherine Tresa Looks
  * Amala Paul

  * Paappan Twitter Review
  * Mrunal Thakur
  * Mimi Chakraborty
  * Malavika Mohanan
  * Vikrant Rona
  * Parambrata Chattopadhyay
  * Sonalee Kulkarni

###### Movie Reviews

  * Ek Villain Returns Review
  * Paradise Highway Review
  * Vikrant Rona Review
  * The Legend Review
  * Shamshera Review
  * The Gray Man Review
  * Thank You Review

  * Shabaash Mithu Review
  * Ladki: Dragon Girl Review
  * The Warriorr Review
  * Gargi Review
  * My Dear Bootham Review
  * Iravin Nizhal Review
  * Thor: Love And Thunder Review

###### UPCOMING Hindi MOVIES

  * ​Laal Singh Chaddha ​
  * Raksha Bandhan
  * Dobaaraa
  * Liger​​
  * ​Thai Massage​
  * ​Holy Cow​
  * Brahmastra Part One: Shiva

  * ​Modiji Ki Beti
  * Saroj Ka Rishta
  * ​Jahaan Chaar Yaar​
  * ​Dhokha: Round D Corner​
  * Babli Bouncer
  * ​Vikram Vedha​
  * ​Tejas​

###### UPCOMING REGIONAL MOVIES

  * Raghavendra Stores
  * Cobra​​
  * ​Bagheera​
  * ​Nna Thaan Case Kodu​
  * Dharmajuddha
  * Bhotbhoti
  * ​Byomkesh Hotyamancha​

  * Agent
  * ​Laththi​
  * ​Kadamaiyai Sei​
  * ​Yashoda
  * Abbara
  * Viruman
  * ​Thallumaala​

### Other Group Sites

\- IdivaET PanacheMensxpFeminaIndiatimesPhoto GalleryBeauty Pageants

The Times of IndiaAbout us|sitemap|feedback|privacy policy| newsletter|Terms
of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy|Advertise with us| RSS|ePaper|DNPA Code
of Ethics  
ETimes is an Entertainment, TV & Lifestyle industry's promotional website and
carries advertorials and native advertising.

Copyright (C) 2022 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved | The Times
of India

Follow us on

  *   *   *   *   *   *   *   * 

##### Get top news alerts from The Times of India

Enable  Maybe later

