https://www.thecookingcollective.com.au/crispy-sweet-and-sour-pork/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * About Me
  * Work with Me
  * E-books
  * Blog
  * Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * Baking
    * Breakfast
    * Cakes and Desserts
    * Christmas Recipes
    * Chutneys, Jams, Spreads and Preserves
    * Dinners
    * Drinks and Cocktails
    * Easy Family Meals
    * Easter Recipes
    * Healthy
    * Home Grown Produce
    * Cooking With Kids
    * Lunch Box
    * Salads
  * Contact
  * Search

Search

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * About Me
  * Work with Me
  * Contact
  * Recipes
    * Healthy
    * Dinners
    * Baking
    * Lunch Box
    * Easy Family Meals
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cooking With Kids
    * Cakes and Desserts
    * Home Grown Produce
    * Christmas Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
  * E-books

×

Home » Blog » Recipes » Battered Sweet and Sour Pork

Published: Jan 30, 2022 Last Updated: Jun 17, 2020 by Andrea Geddes

# Battered Sweet and Sour Pork

444 shares

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

__You 'll love how easy it is to make this battered sweet and sour pork at
home! Crispy pieces of pork are coated in a tangy sweet and sour sauce and
served with crunchy stir-fried vegetables and pineapple. Perfect for an easy
lunch or dinner and better than takeout!__

## Why you'll love this recipe

  * **Quick and easy - **all of the elements can be prepped ahead and everything takes less than 30 minutes from start to finish.
  *  **Simple pantry ingredients -** the sauce is made from familiar ingredients that you most likely already have on hand.
  *  **Works great with other dishes - **Pair it with this  **homemade fried rice** **,  ** **prawn gyoza** ** ** or  **char siu pork spring rolls** ** ** for your own version of "takeaway" at home!
  *  **Meal-prep friendly.  **All of the elements (including the sauce) can be prepped ahead, if you love to get organised.

**Contents** hide

1 Why you’ll love this recipe

2 Ingredients you will need

3 Step by step instructions

4 Expert tips

5 FAQs

6 Related recipes

7 Crispy Sweet and Sour Pork

7.1 Ingredients Metric – US Customary 0.5x1x2x3x

7.1.1 For the pork marinade

7.1.2 For the pork batter

7.1.3 For the sweet and sour sauce

7.1.4 For the stir fry

7.1.5 To serve

7.2 Instructions

7.2.1 For the sweet and sour sauce

7.2.2 For the pork

7.2.3 Wok/stove top instructions

7.2.4 Air fryer instructions

7.3 Notes

7.4 Nutrition

## Ingredients you will need

**  _This post contains tips and instructions to achieve the best possible
results. The photo above is a great guide for when you are in the supermarket,
but for full ingredient quantities and methods, please scroll down to the
detailed recipe card below!_

**Pork - **pork can become chewy when fried quickly, so it is best to use a
good quality cut for more tender results. I recommend **pork scotch fillets**
or **pork shoulder** , as they have a good distribution of lean meat and fat
and will be juicy and tender when cooked. Loin is ok too, but has less fat so
will be a little drier. _Cut the pork into even, bite sized pieces._

**Pineapple - **fresh or canned pineapple can be used here. I recommend using
canned pineapple, because it is already cut into chunks and the juice from the
can be used in the sauce.

**Tomato sauce - **or ketchup is used in the sauce for the tangy-sweet
flavour.

**Shaoxing - **also called Chinese wine, is used in both the marinade and the
sauce. It can be found in supermarkets and Asian grocers. You can swap for
mirin, if needed.

**Cornflour - **is used in the marinade, the pork batter and to thicken the
sauce. _In the batter that coats the pork, potato starch or arrowroot can also
be used._

**Stir fry vegetables - **a mix of **capsicum** (red and yellow), **onion**
and **garlic** are stir-fried along with the pineapple to add colour and
flavour. _You can swap in any of your favourite stir fry veggies._ Carrot,
sliced snow peas, spinach and broccoli all make great additions.

**White vinegar - **is used to add the sourness to the sauce. Rice wine
vinegar or apple cider vinegar can also be used.

**Oil, for frying - **use an oil with a high smoke point and neutral flavour,
like vegetable, canola or peanut oil.

## Step by step instructions

**Step 1 - Marinate the pork;**

The first step is to marinate the **pork pieces** a mix of **light soy** ,
**Chinese five spice** , **black** **pepper** , **Shaoxing (Chinese wine)**
and **cornflour** to tenderise the meat and lock in the flavours.

_Leaving the pork to marinate overnight is best. But if you 're short on time,
leave it covered in the fridge for as long as possible._

  *   * 

**Step 2 - Make the sweet and sour sauce;**

To make homemade sweet and sour sauce for pork, simply simmer the sauce
ingredients together in a small saucepan for a few minutes, until combined.

The cornflour is mixed with water and used as a thickening agent for the
sauce. Cook for a further minute or two, until the cloudiness from the
cornflour disappears. When ready, the sauce should have a rich and glossy
appearance.

_Test the sauce when it is done and if needed, adjust the vinegar or sugar
amounts to taste._

  *   * 

**Step 3- For the battered pork;**

Stir an **egg** through the marinated pork and then stir through the
**cornflour** to coat.

  *   * 

**Step 4 - Fry;**

Fry the pork in **canola** or **vegetable oil** in a hot wok or frying pan.
Cook in 2-3 batches and add the cooked pork to a plate lined with paper towel
to rest. Alternatively, use an air fryer with a spray of oil. _See notes below
for air fryer instructions._

Bite sized pieces of pork (around 3cm) should take around 5 minutes to cook
through and by this time, the coating will be golden and crispy.

  *   * 

**Step 5 - Stir fry;**

Carefully remove the oil from the wok and return it to the heat. Stir fry the
**onion** , **garlic** and **capsicum** together until tender. Add the
**pineapple pieces** and toss.

Toss through the **pork pieces** and add the **sweet and sour sauce**. Quickly
toss everything together until the pork pieces are coated in the sauce.
_Remove from the heat and serve immediately with fried or steamed rice._

  *   * 

## Expert tips

  * For a **healthier option** , the pork can be cooked in an air fryer rather than being fried in a wok. _It won 't be as crispy, but the fat content is significantly lower._ Cooking in batches, add the battered pork to your air fryer basket with a little oil spray to prevent sticking. **Cook at 200 C/392 F for 5-7 minutes** , or until the pork pieces are golden and cooked through. _Then, stir fry the veggies and sauce as per the recipe and toss everything together in the wok before serving._

  * The pork is best when **marinated overnight**. But if you are time poor, marinate for as long as possible (minimum 15 minutes) while you prepare the other ingredients and sides. This will allow for the flavours to infuse into the pork.

  * I recommend serving immediately, as the _pork will lose its crispiness_ if left in the sauce for too long. It will still taste amazing!

  * Serve with steamed rice, **fried rice** or as part of an Asian-inspired feast.

## FAQs

**Can I make it ahead?**

While I don't recommend cooking the pork ahead (it will lose its crispiness),
all of the elements can be prepared ahead of time, ready to fry and eat. To
get a head start, you can; marinate the pork, slice the vegetables and make
the sauce - ready to be battered and thrown into the wok in no time. Keep the
sauce in a container in the fridge for up to 3 days.

**Storage**

Sweet and sour pork is best enjoyed fresh, immediately after cooking. But any
leftovers can be kept in the fridge in an airtight container for up to 3 days.
Please note that the batter will lose its crispiness when not eaten right
away. Reheat in a wok or microwave.

## Related recipes

  * Chicken and Cashew Stir Fry

  * Udon Stir Fry

  * Prawn Fried Rice with Egg

  * BBQ Pork Spring Rolls

Tried this recipe? Please leave a star ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ rating or leave a review below
and let you know how you went!  
  
Hungry for more? Subscribe to my newsletter and follow along on Facebook,
Instagram and Pinterest for the latest recipes and news.

## Crispy Sweet and Sour Pork

_You 'll love how easy it is to make this battered sweet and sour pork at
home! Crispy pieces of pork are coated in a tangy sweet and sour sauce and
served with crunchy stir-fried vegetables and pineapple. Perfect for an easy
lunch or dinner and better than takeout!_

5 from 8 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Chinese

Prep Time: 15 minutes

Cook Time: 15 minutes

Marinating Time (Optional): 1 hour

Total Time: 30 minutes

Servings: 4 with rice

Calories: 437kcal

Author: Andrea Geddes

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Ingredients

Metric - US Customary



0.5x1x2x3x

#### For the pork marinade

  * ▢ 600 grams pork scotch fillet (1.3 pounds). Use neck, shoulder or tenderloins. Cut into 3cm/bite sized pieces.
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon light soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon ground Chinese five spice flat teaspoon
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon black pepper
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon Shaoxing (Chinese wine)
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon cornflour

#### For the pork batter

  * ▢ 1 egg
  * ▢ ½ cup cornflour extra, for the coating
  * ▢ canola oil for frying

#### For the sweet and sour sauce

  * ▢ ¼ cup chicken stock
  * ▢ ¼ cup white vinegar
  * ▢ 1-2 tablespoons Shaoxing (Chinese wine)
  * ▢ 2-3 tablespoons light soy sauce
  * ▢ 1-2 tablespoons pineapple juice from the canned pineapple
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons sugar or more, to taste
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon tomato sauce ketchup
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon cornflour mixed with a little water (around 3 tbs), to thicken.

#### For the stir fry

  * ▢ 3 cloves garlic chopped
  * ▢ ½ red capsicum diced
  * ▢ ½ yellow capsicum diced
  * ▢ 1 medium onion sliced
  * ▢ ½ cup pineapple fresh or canned, chopped into small pieces

#### To serve

  * ▢ steamed or fried rice
  * ▢ sesame seeds
  * ▢ spring onions chopped

### Instructions

  * Cut the pork into bite sized pieces (approx. 3cm pieces). In a small bowl, combine the pork, soy sauce, Chinese five spice, pepper, Chinese wine and 1 tbsp of cornflour and stir. Cover and refrigerate to marinate (overnight is best, where possible, but otherwise as long as you can).

#### For the sweet and sour sauce

  * Mix all of the sauce ingredients except for the cornflour together in a small saucepan and stir to combine.

  * Stir over a low heat until simmering. Mix the cornflour with a few tablespoons of water and stir to remove the lumps. Add the cornflour mixture to the sauce and continue to cook for 1-2 minutes, until the sauce thickens slightly and the cloudiness from the cornflour disappears. The sauce will look glossy and smooth when ready.

  * Set the sauce aside for later.

#### For the pork

  * Remove the pork from the refrigerator and stir through the egg.

  * Add the cornflour and stir to combine. The batter should coat all of the pieces evenly.

#### Wok/stove top instructions

  * Heat the oil in a wok until hot (around 185 °C/356 F). Fry the pork (in batches) until browned, crisp and cooked through (around 5 minutes). 

  * Carefully remove the pork from the hot oil and place on a plate with paper towel to drain. The pork can be twice cooked in the oil after it has rested, if desired, for a crisper texture.

  * Carefully remove the oil from the wok and return to the heat and. Add the garlic, onion and capsicum and stir fry for 2-3 minutes, until tender and fragrant. Add the pineapple and stir until combined.

  * Quickly add the battered pork and pour the sweet and sour sauce over the top. Toss until combined. Remove from the heat and serve immediately over fried or steamed rice. Garnish with spring onion and sesame seeds. 

#### Air fryer instructions

  * Pre-heat the air fryer to 200 °C (392 F). 

  * Spray your air fryer basket with oil spray and place the coated pork pieces into the basket. Cook for around 5-7 minutes, until the batter is browned and the pork is cooked through. 

  * Remove the pork from the basket and set aside.

  * Heat a frying pan or wok with 1-2 tablespoons of oil. Add the garlic, onion and capsicum and stir fry for 2-3 minutes, until tender and fragrant. Add the pineapple and stir until combined.

  * Quickly add the battered pork and pour the sweet and sour sauce over the top. Toss until combined. Remove from the heat and serve immediately over fried or steamed rice. Garnish with spring onion and sesame seeds. 

### Notes

  1. Pork can become chewy when fried quickly, so it is best to use a good quality cut for more tender results. I recommend pork scotch fillets or pork shoulder, as they have a good distribution of lean meat and fat and will be juicy and tender when cooked. Loin is ok too, but has less fat so will be a little drier. Cut the pork into even, bite sized pieces.
  2. **Shaoxing - **also called Chinese wine, is used in both the marinade and the sauce. It can be found in supermarkets and Asian grocers. You can swap for mirin, if needed.
  3. For a **healthier option** , the pork can be cooked in an air fryer rather than being fried in a wok. It won't be as crispy, but the fat content is significantly lower. Cooking in batches, add the battered pork to your air fryer basket with a little oil spray to prevent sticking. Cook at 200 C/392 F for 5 minutes, or until the pork pieces are golden and cooked through. Then, stir fry the veggies and sauce as per the recipe and toss everything together in the wok before serving.
  4. The pork is best when marinated overnight. But if you are time poor, marinate for as long as possible (minimum 15 minutes) while you prepare the other ingredients and sides. This will allow for the flavours to infuse into the pork.
  5. I recommend serving immediately, as the pork will lose its crispiness if left in the sauce for too long.
  6. Serve with steamed rice, **fried rice** or as part of an Asian-inspired feast.
  7. Sweet and sour pork is best enjoyed fresh, immediately after cooking. But any leftovers can be kept in the fridge in an airtight container for up to 3 days. Please note that the batter will lose its crispiness when not eaten right away. Reheat in a wok or microwave.
  8. Please note that the  **nutrition information  **is based on the stir fry being divided into four bowls, with one bowl being one serve. The nutritional information is an estimate only and does not take into account any additional sides or rice served with the pork.
  9. This recipe is made using  **Australian cups and spoon measurements.  ** _Due to cup sizes varying from country to country, I advise adjusting if necessary._

### Nutrition

Calories: 437kcal | Carbohydrates: 34g | Protein: 22g | Fat: 22g | Saturated
Fat: 4g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 5g | Monounsaturated Fat: 12g | Trans Fat: 1g |
Cholesterol: 102mg | Sodium: 868mg | Potassium: 542mg | Fiber: 2g | Sugar: 11g
| Vitamin A: 594IU | Vitamin C: 60mg | Calcium: 49mg | Iron: 3mg

Tried this Recipe? Pin it Today!Mention @TheCookingCollective or tag
#thecookingcollective!

Are you following us on Facebook, Instagram and Pinterest?

**Update Notes:  **This recipe was originally published in  **June 2020** ,
but was re-published with new information, helpful tips and photos in
**January 2022**.

« Cream Cheese Pasta

Peanut Butter Cookies with Chocolate Chips »

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Tim says

July 21, 2022 at 10:47 am

  
We used a 2.4 kg skinless pork shoulder and turned out great. Just added a
little more ingredients thatn the 1800 gram recipe.Thank you so much.

Reply

    * Andrea Geddes says

July 23, 2022 at 8:57 am

Hi Tim! I'm so happy to hear that you enjoyed it. Thank you for taking the
time to let me and other readers know how you went, I really appreciate it!
Andrea 🙂

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

With four young kids, I know how busy life can be! It is my goal to create
simple, fresh and affordable family friendly recipes that will save you time
and stress in the kitchen... Read More…

Search

### Easy Family Meals

## Roast Pumpkin and Carrot Soup

## Homemade Pizza Pockets

## Quick Sausage Pasta with Cream

## Gnocchi di Ricotta (Ricotta Gnocchi)

## Easy Zucchini Slice with Bacon

## Prawn Fried Rice with Egg

## Vegetable Curry Pies (Oven or Pie Maker)

## Healthy Tacos with Chicken

### Top Posts

## Easter Rocky Road with Mini Eggs

## Banoffee Pie

## Vanilla Custard Slice

## Raspberry Jam Drop Biscuits

## Creamy Chicken Pie with Puff Pastry

## The Best Ever Homemade Cheeseburgers

## Greek Lamb Salad with Tzatziki

## Homemade Lemon Butter Spread

## Footer

↑ back to top

###  About

  * Home
  * About Me
  * Accessibility
  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms & Conditions

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates

### Contact

  * Contact
  * Work with Me

Copyright © 2022 **Brunch Pro** on the Brunch Pro Theme

