https://cafedelites.com/sweet-and-sour-pork/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

Cafe Delites

for good food lovers

  * Recipe Index
  * About Me
    * BOOKS
  * Contact Me
    * Policies
      * Disclaimer
      * Copyright
    * MEDIA

You are here: Home / Asian / Sweet and Sour Pork

By Karina 21 Comments Filed Under: Asian

# Sweet and Sour Pork

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

## Crispy and tender Sweet And Sour Pork tastier than takeout!

A Chinese stir-fry dish made with juicy pieces of pork tenderloin, bell
peppers, onion, and pineapple. Battered pork gets fried until crispy then
tossed in a sweet and tangy sauce. So skip the takeout and make a classic
Sweet and Sour Pork served with our Easy Fried Rice that the whole family will
enjoy.

## Sweet and Sour Pork

No matter where you go, sweet and sour pork is featured on almost every
Chinese restaurant menu. Itâ€™s an Asian staple. Coated pieces of meat are deep
fried until golden and crunchy, then tossed in a vibrant sauce that packs a
balance of sweet and tart flavors. It seems like it would be complicated to
make, however, Iâ€™ve tested and broken down this recipe into two simple
sections. This way you can easily make a homemade version right in your
kitchen.

Hello there! Iâ€™m Jessica Gavin, a Certified Culinary Scientist. I share the
science behind better cooking over on my website JessicaGavin.com. Iâ€™m
delighted to have this tasty creation on Karinaâ€™s mouth-watering website. To
help build your culinary skills, in this recipe youâ€™ll get a chance to
practice your breading and sauce making techniques.

Youâ€™re in for a treat because Iâ€™m also going to show you how to master the art
of deep frying, which is what gives this dish the enticing texture that keeps
people going back for seconds. Paired with a super fast sauce that serves up
authentic flavors, this meal is a real crowd pleaser.

## How to make sweet and sour pork

  * Cut pork into consistently sized pieces, about 1-inch cubes for even cooking.
  * Use the standard breading technique. Coat the pork with flour, egg, then flour.
  * Make sure to use a high smoke point oil for deep frying like peanut or vegetable oil.
  * Maintain an oil temperature of 350 to 375Â°F to properly cook and brown the food.
  * Deep fry the pork in batches so the pieces donâ€™t stick and oil temperature stays hot.

What makes this dish different than a traditional stir-fry is that it gets a
light flour coating on the outside, and then fried for an extra layer of
crispiness. The fried pork pieces could be devoured as is, so go ahead and
take a little taste before it goes into the sauce. The texture is similar to
fried chicken, for more crunch factor. Now itâ€™s time to make the sauce!

## What goes in sweet and sour pork

Diced onions, bell peppers, and pineapple are tasty additions to the dish. The
fresh produce adds a nice bit of color and flavor. I love how the fruit
compliments the sauce, mimicking the candied taste with a pop of acidity.
Stir-fry the ingredients just to the point of keeping them crisp-tender.

## Sweet and sour sauce ingredients

Tomato paste  
Soy sauce  
Rice Vinegar  
Honey  
Cornstarch  
Water

This sweet and sour uses simple ingredients and comes together in a snap.
Almost all recipes use ketchup, but the food scientist in me reverse-
engineered the recipe to give you a more wholesome and tastier version.

The cornstarch is the thickening agent combined with water to make a slurry.
Itâ€™s added at the very end of cooking the sauce to give it richness and a
glossy appearance. The thickness then sticks and clings to the pieces of pork.
Itâ€™s delicious!

### Chinese Pork Recipe

This recipe may take a few more steps, but itâ€™s worth it! The texture that the
breading provides is unmatched, and itâ€™s fun to play around with cooking
techniques you might not use every day. I like to serve the pork in a heaping
bowl of steamed rice, itâ€™s the ultimate comfort food. If you like this recipe,
I know youâ€™d love my easy shrimp stir fry too. Happy cooking!

### Love Asian-inspired cooking? Try these!

Kung Pao Chicken  
Sesame Beef Stir Fry  
Teriyaki Chicken

# Sweet and Sour Pork

A classic Chinese sweet and sour pork stir-fry recipe made with juicy pieces
of pork tenderloin, bell peppers, onion, and pineapple.

PRINT SAVE go to your favorites

Prep: 15 mins

Cook: 20 mins

Total: 35 mins

Serves: 6 servings

### Ingredients

### Sweet and Sour Sauce-

  * Â½ cup honey
  * 6 tablespoons rice vinegar
  * 4 teaspoons soy sauce
  * 3 tablespoons tomato paste
  * 1 tablespoon cornstarch
  * 2 tablespoons water

### Pork-

  * 1 Â½ pound pork tenderloin cut into 1-inch cubes
  * 1 teaspoon kosher salt divided
  * Â½ teaspoon black pepper divided
  * Â¾ cup all-purpose flour
  * â…“ cup cornstarch
  * 2 large eggs
  * 2 cups plus 1 tablespoon vegetable oil for frying
  * 1 tablespoon minced garlic
  * 1 cup chopped white onions Â¾-inch sized pieces
  * 1 cup chopped red bell pepper Â¾-inch sized pieces
  * 1 cup chopped green bell pepper Â¾-inch sized pieces
  * 1 cup pineapple chunks Â¾-inch sized pieces
  * 2 tablespoons sliced green onion
  * Â½ teaspoon sesame seeds

### Instructions

  * In a medium-sized bowl combine sweet and sour sauce ingredients, honey, rice vinegar, soy sauce, and tomato paste. Set aside.

  * In a small bowl combine the cornstarch and water.

  * Season pork with Â½ teaspoon salt and Â¼ teaspoon pepper.

  * In a shallow dish mix together flour and â…“ cup cornstarch.

  * In a separate shallow dish add eggs and whisk.

  * Batter each piece of pork by coating it with the flour mixture, then dip in the whisked egg, then a final coat in the flour mixture.

  * In a wok or medium sized pan, heat 2 cups of oil over medium-high heat. Once the oil reaches 350Â°F (177Â°C), work in 2 to 3 batches, adding the battered pork and frying until golden brown and pork is cooked through, about 5 to 7 minutes.

  * Transfer pork to a sheet pan and drain on paper towels. Fry the next batch.

  * Discard the oil from wok and carefully wipe the inside of the pan with paper towels to clean.

  * Heat wok over medium-high heat and add in 1 tablespoon oil.

  * Once the oil is hot add the garlic and onions, stir-fry for 30 seconds.

  * Add in the red and green bell peppers, and stir-fry for 1 minute.

  * Add in the pineapple and stir-fry for 1 minute.

  * Add in the pork and the sweet and sour sauce, stir to combine and allow the sauce to come to a boil.

  * Stir the cornstarch slurry and then add it to the pan, stirring constantly until the sauce thickens, 60 seconds. Mix the ingredients with the sauce to coat the pork.

  * Garnish the sweet and sour pork with green onions and sesame seeds and serve over rice.

### Nutrition

Calories: 369kcal | Carbohydrates: 54g | Protein: 27g | Fat: 5g | Saturated
Fat: 1g | Cholesterol: 100mg | Sodium: 556mg | Potassium: 828mg | Fiber: 3g |
Sugar: 40g | Vitamin A: 1100IU | Vitamin C: 65.6mg | Calcium: 45mg | Iron:
2.5mg



Â« Tuscan Chicken Mac And Cheese (One Pot, Stove Top)

MEAL PLAN WEEK 25 Â»

### Subscribe to Cafe Delites FOR FREE and Receive Recipes Straight Into Your
Inbox!

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Evelyn says

September 25, 2020 at 8:27 am

  
A big hit with the family. The only thing I would change would be to make the
sauce on its own (and thicken with the slurry) before tossing the pork back in
just to coat. Throwing the fried pork into the pot with the Unthickened sauce
Caused it to get soggy and undoing all the deep-fried goodness.

Reply

  2. Eleanor Beaulieu says

September 10, 2020 at 12:11 am

Tried it out, used the coating and frying method,, used my own sauce, my
dinner was for 90 ppl and it received lovely compliments. The flour to
cornstarch ratio - On point ! TY.

Reply

  3. Sarah says

August 30, 2020 at 6:13 am

Can pork loin be used instead pork tenderloin? I have a pork loin I need to
use up and would love to make this.

Reply

  4. Virginia says

July 11, 2020 at 8:38 am

Just made this, this evening and love how it tastes so fresh. Only change I
would make next time is to add more soy sauce as it seems to need a little
more. Will also try it with ginger as Charlene has suggested. Thank you for
the recipe and deep frying tips!

Reply

  5. Tony Dodd says

May 17, 2020 at 2:57 pm

  
made this using tinned pineapple in juice, was awesome thank you so much

Reply

  6. Danielle says

April 28, 2020 at 7:35 am

  
Love this recipe! It was hit with the family.

Reply

  7. Lindsay says

April 16, 2020 at 6:36 am

My kids don't like the sauce on the pork. they'd rather have it on the side
and dip it in. Should I add some of the pineapple juice to the sauce? or do
you think the sauce will be OK as is?

Reply

  8. Louise says

April 06, 2020 at 5:37 pm

Could I change the homey for something else? My son Cannot have it ðŸ™‚

Reply

    * Karina says

April 06, 2020 at 5:50 pm

Hi Louise. Brown sugar, maple syrup or agave syrup can be used instead,
however those substitutions may alter the flavour of the recipe a little.

Reply

      * Louise says

April 10, 2020 at 3:47 pm

Thank you!! ðŸ™‚

Reply

  9. Sue Kehoe says

February 28, 2020 at 11:36 am

  
Made this a couple of nights ago. Wow It was awesome!! I can only call it very
high restaurant quality. I've raved about it to several people already. Can't
wait to make it again

Reply

  10. Rebecca says

January 28, 2020 at 10:15 pm

  
Great flavours! I made the sweet and sour pork with your fried rice- both
delicious.

Reply

  11. Ann Mitchell says

November 27, 2019 at 10:35 am

  
Like the previous comments - I loved this recipe. It is the first sweet and
sour sauce I have made that tastes as it should. Thank you so much.

Reply

  12. Greg Ward says

July 22, 2019 at 6:30 am

  
made this tonight, family loved it

Reply

  13. Mike says

March 26, 2019 at 12:43 pm

THANKYOU Jessica Gavin !  
Finally after 15 years being with my beautiful dark skinned wife I made her
delicious deep fried pork from the sweet and sour pork recipe. The batter was
perfect. I canâ€™t wait to try fried chicken with it ! I love cooking for my
family and this is something Iâ€™ve had trouble mastering.  
The sweet and sour sauce was yummy too with the tomato paste!  
Canâ€™t wait to try your other recipes!

Mike Heywood jr.  
WhiteRock BC Canada

Reply

  14. Tina says

March 06, 2019 at 11:19 am

  
Loved the taste!!!!!  
Really easy to make. I can't believe how tender the pork came out.  
We will definitely make it again.  
Thank you!!!!!!!

Reply

  15. Charlene says

January 06, 2019 at 12:51 am

  
Hi! I absolutely LOVED this recipe and have made it several times already (and
once with cauliflower). As a Chinese American, I wanted to tell you that this
recipe hit all of the flavor notes so strongly I felt like I was back in my
parentâ€™s restaurant where they would make this dozens of times a day.

I wanted to send a suggestion that may make this more authentic. During the
stage of adding garlic and onions to the wok I add about half a tablespoon of
ground ginger paste. I grew up with ginger and garlic in pretty much all of
the dishes I ate so to have an Asian dish without it seemed blasphemous, lol.
I actually have not tried this recipe without ginger to compare, but just
wanted to throw it out there!

Your site is AWESOME, I make all my meals from your recipes! Thank you and
Happy New Year ðŸ™‚

Reply

  16. Olga says

January 03, 2019 at 3:43 am

  
Amazing recipe!!! Never liked that dish but made for my husband. And fell in
love? Thank you so much

Reply

  17. eclecticchefairy says

September 21, 2018 at 2:37 am

  
really yummy and quite easy too!

Reply

    * Karina says

September 21, 2018 at 5:33 pm

That is great to hear! Thank you so much for sharing and following along with
me! XO

Reply

  18. Mel says

September 02, 2018 at 11:56 pm

  
I made this last night and it was so delicious! I made it gluten free and
nightshade free due to allergies, but it still tasted like the real deal and
will definitely be adding this to our recipe arsenal.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Î”

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### LOOKING FOR A RECIPE? SEARCH HERE!

Search this website

### HEY Good Food Lovers! It's nice to see you!

Welcome! My name is Karina and this is my internet kitchen hang-out. A self-
confessed _balanced_ _foodie_ sharing some waistline friendly recipes that are
_full_ of flavour. Life is too short for bland and boring. â€¦

Read More

### Connect with Karina â€“ Cafe Delites

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

## Footer

### Subscribe to Cafe Delites FOR FREE and Receive Recipes Straight Into Your
Inbox!

### CONNECT WITH KARINA - CAFE DELITES

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

Search this website

### Archives

Archives Select Month December 2020  November 2020  June 2020  May 2020  April
2020  March 2020  February 2020  January 2020  December 2019  November 2019
September 2019  August 2019  April 2019  March 2019  February 2019  January
2019  December 2018  November 2018  October 2018  September 2018  August 2018
July 2018  June 2018  May 2018  April 2018  March 2018  February 2018  January
2018  December 2017  November 2017  October 2017  September 2017  August 2017
July 2017  June 2017  May 2017  April 2017  March 2017  February 2017  January
2017  December 2016  November 2016  October 2016  September 2016  August 2016
July 2016  June 2016  May 2016  April 2016  March 2016  February 2016  January
2016  December 2015  November 2015  October 2015  September 2015  August 2015
July 2015  June 2015  May 2015  April 2015  March 2015  February 2015  January
2015  December 2014  November 2014  October 2014  September 2014  August 2014
July 2014  June 2014  May 2014  April 2014

### Categories

Categories Select Category Appetizers Asian Beef Beverages Bread Breakfast
Cakes, Blondies and Brownies Cheesecakes Chicken Chinese Christmas Churros
Cookies Dessert Dinner Dips Donuts Easter French Toast Game Day Greek Inspired
Ham Italian Inspired Lamb Low Carb Lunch Mexican Inspired Recipes Muffins My
Book In Previews One Pot Meals Pancakes And Crepes Pasta Pies Pork Recipes
Round Ups Salads Savoury Tooth Fix Seafood Sheet Pan Sides Slow Cooker
Smoothies and Milkshakes Snacks Soup Sweet Tooth Fix Thanksgiving Turkey
Vegetarian Waffles Weekly Meal Plan

COPYRIGHT (C) 2022 CAFE DELITES. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy

