https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/86402/sweet-and-sour-pork/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Trusted Brands: Recipes and Tips
  4. Kikkoman
  5. Easy Sweet and Sour Pork

# Easy Sweet and Sour Pork

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.4

80 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 48 
  * 4 star values: 24 
  * 3 star values: 7 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 1 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 80 Ratings 
  * 59 Reviews 
  * 12 Photos 

Pork is stir-fried with peppers, carrots, onions and pineapple in this version
of the classic dish. Easy to make, and delicious.

Recipe by Kikkoman

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Easy Sweet and Sour Pork

Add Photo

Easy Sweet and Sour Pork Melissa Glover

Easy Sweet and Sour Pork Grace Risch Perry

Easy Sweet and Sour Pork Susan Johnston

Easy Sweet and Sour Pork Inga Pedersen

\+ 8 8 more images

## Recipe Summary

Servings:

4

Yield:

4 servings

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

4

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 4 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1 tablespoon cornstarch 
  * 1 tablespoon Kikkoman Soy Sauce 
  * 1 pound boneless pork, cut into 1-inch cubes 
  * 2 tablespoons vegetable oil 
  * 2 carrots, thinly sliced 
  * 1 onion, chunked 
  * 1 green bell pepper, cut into 1-inch squares 
  * 1 cup Kikkoman Sweet & Sour Sauce 
  * 1 (8 ounce) can pineapple chunks, drained 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Blend cornstarch and soy sauce in small bowl; stir in pork until well coated.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Brown pork in hot oil in Dutch oven or large skillet over medium-high heat.
Stir in 1/4 cup water. Cover and simmer 20 minutes, stirring occasionally.

  * Step 3

Stir carrots, onion, bell pepper and sweet & sour sauce into pork mixture.
Simmer, covered, 10 minutes longer, stirring frequently.

  * Step 4

Add pineapple chunks; cook and stir only until pineapple is heated through.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

366 calories; protein 19.9g; carbohydrates 36.1g; fat 16.1g; cholesterol
53.6mg; sodium 669.7mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (59)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

GRAMMA GORGEOUS

Rating: 4 stars

04/24/2010

(Serve on hot cooked rice) Make rice and cut up everything before you strart.
Mixing soy sauce and cornstarch doesn't work to coat the pork instead marinate
the pork in 1/2 cup soy sauce, then just dredge in 1/2 cup cornstarch or
enough to coat all the meat lightly and fry in enough hot oil to get a nice
crisp coating, turn in pan to fry evenly - No water added. Remove the cooked
meat, or move to side of wok or large skillet and add oil to the pan and cook
the veggies, (I like to parboil the carrots just to soften a little, drain and
add to fry pan - then add pineapple and sauce. You can make your own sauce by
mixing the following: The reserved pineapple juice, 1/3 c. sugar 1/3 c.
ketchup and 1/3 c. white or cider vinegar, 4 Tb soy sauce and 1 Tb cornstarch
- only add a little water if needed.Hint: Sharp kitchen shears work great for
cutting pork loin meat into small cubes or strips!

Read More

Helpful (121)

### Most helpful critical review

Rick

Rating: 3 stars

07/17/2012

Had to change to sweet and sour sauce II from this site as I really do not
like Kikkoman.

Read More

Helpful (3)

80 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 48 
  * 4 star values: 24 
  * 3 star values: 7 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 1 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

GRAMMA GORGEOUS

Rating: 4 stars

04/24/2010

(Serve on hot cooked rice) Make rice and cut up everything before you strart.
Mixing soy sauce and cornstarch doesn't work to coat the pork instead marinate
the pork in 1/2 cup soy sauce, then just dredge in 1/2 cup cornstarch or
enough to coat all the meat lightly and fry in enough hot oil to get a nice
crisp coating, turn in pan to fry evenly - No water added. Remove the cooked
meat, or move to side of wok or large skillet and add oil to the pan and cook
the veggies, (I like to parboil the carrots just to soften a little, drain and
add to fry pan - then add pineapple and sauce. You can make your own sauce by
mixing the following: The reserved pineapple juice, 1/3 c. sugar 1/3 c.
ketchup and 1/3 c. white or cider vinegar, 4 Tb soy sauce and 1 Tb cornstarch
- only add a little water if needed.Hint: Sharp kitchen shears work great for
cutting pork loin meat into small cubes or strips!

marcy

Rating: 5 stars

03/15/2007

This was very very good! I didn't have enough sweet and sour sauce on hand, so
I added some pineapple juice to what I had to make a cup. I cut baby carrotts
in matchstick pieces (it was all I had on hand) and I omitted the green
peppers because I didn't have any. I served with Jasmine rice. Even my very
picky 7 year old ate this! It's a keeper!

Margaret

Rating: 5 stars

04/25/2006

great recipe. Fast and tasty. With vegies it makes a complete meal or I had a
side dish of rice.

katsmeow3341

Rating: 5 stars

08/08/2006

My husband made this for the two of us and our three children tonight.
Everyone agreed that it was a delicious recipe! It was very easy and quick to
prepare, and our three picky eaters(the youngest of which claims to despise
sweet and sour anything!) all cleaned their plates! Can't ask for more than
that! Served over white rice, this recipe is a keeper for sure! Thank you!

Stacy Campbell

Rating: 5 stars

06/26/2006

Very easy to prepare. My family really loved this!!!!

Cathy Wagner

Rating: 5 stars

09/04/2011

I really loved this quick and simple recipe. I served it with jasmine rice and
my husband loved it. I used fresh pineapple because I had it on hand.When I
buy a boneless pork loin, I cut part of it in chunks for dishes such as this.

*Sherri* 

Rating: 4 stars

10/21/2012

I had to make my own sweet and sour sauce. The first review was very helpful
with that. I didn't cook my pork as long as the instructions indicated, I
browned the meat for ten minutes in oil and no extra water, removed and cooked
the veggies until just starting to get tender, added the meat back in and
cooked just a few minutes together. I then added in my sauce and pineapple
chunks, covered and simmered ten minutes. The pork was so tender and the
veggies had just the right amount of crisp to them. I think it needs a bit of
hot spice next time, some pepper flakes or cayenne.

Carissa Vanco Bywaters

Rating: 5 stars

07/01/2008

This was fantastic. Very quick and easy meal served over white rice makes a
complete dinner.

i cook

Rating: 5 stars

08/26/2011

made this dish exactly as called for and it was fantastic. will be making this
many more times.

MAC458

Rating: 5 stars

07/27/2006

Easy to prepare. Very very good.

lutzflcat

Allstar

Rating: 4 stars

08/28/2012

First, I used AR's Sweet and Sour Sauce I recipe instead of Kimmoman's (but I
did use Kikkoman Soy Sauce to make it). The carrots were not cooked after the
10 minutes they simmered with the pork, so I had to add about another 10
minutes so they weren't crunchy. I thought they were sliced thinly enough, but
maybe not. And then the green peppers lost all of their color and ended up
overcooked (onions were fine). In the future, I will sauté the peppers, set
them aside, and then add at the end along with the pineapple just to warm up.
The presentation would be much nicer, as well, because the green peppers would
remain bright green. But all in all, the pork was very tender, and we liked
this. And it was easy to put together.

LeAnn Schmidt Rohde

Rating: 5 stars

11/12/2011

Fantastic ! So easy and full of flavor. Served Coconut rice with it. Delicious
~

CookingShowWannaBe

Rating: 5 stars

07/08/2010

I made this recipes last night. we used the pork from the pig we got
butchered. the place made a mistake and put the smoked ham in the pork roast
package. so... we had sweet and sour smoked ham over roman noodles because we
burnt the rice. it was still amazing.

THENEWTRICIA

Rating: 5 stars

03/30/2007

This is one of my favorite recipes from this site. I usually omit the fresh
veggies and toss in froze stir-fry vegetables. I serve this over rice for a
tasty, super-quick weekday meal.

Hungry Hungry Hippo

Rating: 4 stars

03/04/2013

I followed GRAMMA GORGEOUS's direction. Marinated pork in soy sauce, drained
and then rolled in cornstarch. Fried pork, removed, fried veggies, then
simmered both together in sauce and added pineapple near the end. I used
carrot, celery, onion, green and red pepper, sugar snap peas and water
chestnut. Her recipe for sweet & sour was a little tart. Next time I'll reduce
the vinegar a bit.

amie10

Rating: 5 stars

01/19/2012

i really enjoyed the meal there is nothing u could change to make this recipe
better if u are having visitors this would be a great meal to serve!!!:)

aatjbriggs

Rating: 5 stars

07/11/2007

This was a fabulous dish! My husband even gave it an "excellent" which is
reserved for only the best! Easy and delicious! Great recipe!

Rick

Rating: 3 stars

07/17/2012

Had to change to sweet and sour sauce II from this site as I really do not
like Kikkoman.

Alex T

Rating: 4 stars

05/16/2008

This recipe was very good. I would have used less water. Other than that it
tasted great. Everyone in my family ate doubles.

Curt McLey

Rating: 4 stars

11/09/2007

This recipe gets four stars. If I were ranking it compared to restaurant
Chinese food, it would get three stars because it's not as good as one will
find in most decent Chinese restaurants, but as an easy to prepare home
version--it's very good. My wife and son both enjoyed it. I'm not sure why
cornstarch is used with soy sauce because the soy sauce/cornstarch mixture
does not provide breading, or if it was supposed to, it didn't work for me.
Still, the receipe was tasty and easy to prepare. When I'm hungry for Chinese
food, I won't hesitate to make this again.

the4taals

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

07/06/2007

Good recipe, except no sour, so I added 1 tbsp of vinegar and 1 tsp hot chili
paste for a kick, only used 1/2 cup of sauce, don't like it too wet. We all
enjoyed it!

Ronald

Rating: 5 stars

03/28/2008

Added oyster sauce for extra flavour.

ALLwayz_hungry

Rating: 5 stars

10/23/2007

YUMMY!!!!

Darry

Rating: 5 stars

12/18/2012

someone submitted the wrong photo, but actually I make this all the time and
it's a great recipe!!!

MariaR

Rating: 5 stars

02/12/2008

My family gave this one a 10. Everyone loved it. I didn't have Sweet & Sour
sauce as the recipe called for and I substitued 1/3 cup brown sugar,1/3 cup
rice vinegar and 1/3 cup ketchup and it worked great. Delicious and fairly
fast to make.

Gracie

Rating: 4 stars

05/05/2010

Very good, I didn't have pinnapple, but I made it w/ chicken and Manderine
Oranges instead, and it turned out very good, my picky kids and hubby liked it
a lot.

Vicki Young

Rating: 5 stars

08/30/2012

This recipe turned out great! I didn't follow it exactly, but only little
changes. I used red and green peppers, purple? onion, and carrots. I cut the
carrots kinda chunky. I also used more water, then used the leftover pineapple
juice from the crushed pineapple and let it simmer for 10-15 minutes. I added
the chunky carrots during this time. It turned out great, everyone had empty
plates! I will definitely be using this again!

NikkiC

Rating: 3 stars

09/04/2007

Too much sauce for my tastes, had to let this reduce under high heat for an
extra 5-10 minutes just to get it down from soupy to stew. Next time, I could
use half a cup of the sweet and sour sauce. Otherwise, good recipe.

Farique

Rating: 4 stars

10/11/2015

Was a great and simple recipe. Did a little alteration . Seasoned the pork
cubes with seaoning salt and ginger flavoured soy sauce before dredging with
corn starch and sautéing for about 8-10 mins on medium heat ( until brown) I
made a sauce like "Gramma Gorgeous" . Didn't have vinegar on hand so I used
red cooking wine . The veg I had on hand (broccoli and carrots )

Koreagirl

Rating: 5 stars

12/31/2007

I made this for my husband and I for New Years Eve. It was really good! Can't
wait to have leftovers tomorrow!

robin dupree

Rating: 5 stars

09/07/2012

Loved it. Added Cayenne pepper to spice it up a bit!

Melody Jackson Buster

Rating: 5 stars

01/15/2008

I tried this recipe and I have to say that is was very good! My kids hate
onions and bell peppers where I love them. I tried it without the onions and
peppers and used a can of baby carrots that I cut up and a can of small
english peas. Zero leftovers! They ate the whole thing! WOW!

JENPHIL2000

Rating: 5 stars

04/09/2013

Entire family loved it including picky eater kids. Will definitely make again.

Fitzy

Rating: 4 stars

12/10/2016

This is a good recipe for standard sweet and sour pork. The flavor was good
and the veggies cooked up nicely. Instead of buying premade sauce, I made some
using the Wow! sweet and Sour sauce recipe on this site. I cooked the sauce
separately and did not add any sauce or water to the skillet, so the meat and
veg just cooked in the hot oil. Definitely a keeper with the adjustments.

Cookin' in PA

Rating: 5 stars

03/12/2013

This was a great quick and easy dinner. Served over some rice with eggrolls on
the side. Used a different brand sauce and fresh pineapple. I'll make again.

Cyndi Brewer

Rating: 5 stars

06/05/2017

Incredibly easy and unbelievably delicious !!

rhedrick

Rating: 5 stars

01/09/2019

Used Kroger brand sweet and sour sauce instead of Kikkoman. Tasted just like
the sweet and sour pork we used to get at our favorite Chinese restaurant.

French chef

Rating: 5 stars

04/24/2019

I made this recipe but quadrupled it for a large family dinner. It was
fabulous!! The changes I made were, 1/2 cup soy sauce to marinade 5 pounds of
cut up meat. Then dredged about 1/2 of the meat in cornstarch and frying it in
small amounts in a non stick wok. Half way thru ...taking plenty of time I
chose to put about 1/4 cup of cornstarch over the rest of the meat, mixed it
well then fried the rest of the meat , turning it to try to fry all sides of
meat. Then added the rest of the raw vegetables and cooked meat to the pan.
After stirring I cooked the dish for 20 minutes, covered. I added the sweet
sour sauce , heated then tossed in the pineapple. I like it a bit sweeter so
about 2 tablespoons of brown sugar were sprinkled on top of dish. WOW the
family loved the dish.

MIKE

Rating: 5 stars

03/27/2019

Absolutely great. Made it twice so far. Wife loves it.

hogheaven

Rating: 4 stars

07/08/2020

AFter reading lots of reviews, I followed Grandma's suggestion and marinated
my nice pork chunks in soy sauce, dredged in cornstarch, and browned meat. I
followed the recipe otherwise. I forgot to reduce the sugar. Even hubs said it
was delish. I do think reducing the sugar would allow the flavors of the sauce
to be more balanced.

KENNIEKF

Rating: 5 stars

03/18/2017

We liked it and will do again. Mine needed a little more water. I cooked rice
with a beef broth cube, some chopped carrot and added frozen English peas to
the rice when cooked and topped with the pork. Very easy and good.

Mary Ann Younk

Rating: 4 stars

11/28/2017

Next time I make this I will decrease the amount of vinegar.

Bernice

Rating: 5 stars

07/28/2019

This was very good. I was looking for a quick and easy sweet and sour pork and
this fit the bill. I used frozen Asian veggies (defrosted first) and left out
the pineapple. Was still good!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 3 stars

06/07/2017

This recipe leaves the pork overcooked and the veggies undercooked. I suggest
removing the pork after it has been browned, cooking the onion and carrots for
5min and then adding all the other ingredients. I agree that the soy sauce and
cornstarch does not work as a coating.

speedied

Rating: 5 stars

04/20/2020

Oh I made all kinds of changes. We like more sauce so I used a large can of
pineapple chunks and made my own sweet and sour sauce following the directions
of Gramma Gorgeous, only doubled the recipe. Served it over rice and my
husband loved it.

Cat Saar

Rating: 5 stars

02/07/2018

I have made it several times and love it. The one thing I change is I add
mushrooms.

Chris Franz

Rating: 5 stars

10/20/2019

I doubled the sauce portion and also added sautéed onions along with the
peppers. It was great! Thank you!

Cher

Rating: 3 stars

11/03/2016

This was just okay. It wasn't awful but I've had better sweet and sour pork.
It really didn't have much flavor at all prepared as directed.

Jan Carter

Rating: 5 stars

04/13/2019

So good that it's gone I added bok choy and water chestnuts. I will definitely
make this again. I did all my prep the day before I actually made the meal.
That was a Time Saver come dinner time come dinner time.

lv2cook4

Rating: 5 stars

11/30/2019

Very good and easy to make, will make again!

Maxine

Rating: 4 stars

10/09/2018

It was good but much better the next day.

howell.leanne@ymail.com

Rating: 3 stars

06/07/2017

This recipe leaves the pork overcooked and the veggies undercooked. I suggest
removing the pork after it has been browned, cooking the onion and carrots for
5min and then adding all the other ingredients. I agree that the soy sauce and
cornstarch does not work as a coating.

Ruth Martin

Rating: 5 stars

10/02/2018

Extremely easy and it was excellent. Even my husband who is very picky enjoyed
and announced that, yes, he would eat it again.

Annie Willequer

Rating: 3 stars

10/03/2019

I liked the recipe but it was too sweet for my taste. Also there is nothing
quick about it ,sure after everything is chopped up, I also like more heat!
Will not make it again, just not to my liking!

Kent Shymanski

Rating: 4 stars

03/25/2020

It was very tasty, it will stay on my favorites!

Amber DeMar

Rating: 5 stars

12/01/2017

I’ve made this many times with both pork and chicken. It’s wonderful!

Holly S.

Rating: 5 stars

07/19/2020

I didn’t have any bell peppers, but it still came out great. Served it over
born rice. Will make this often!!

marimir

Rating: 4 stars

01/05/2017

Really enjoyed this, but I followed Gramma Gorgeous's advice. Check out her
version of this.

Stick Figya72

Rating: 5 stars

01/12/2021

Surprisingly turned out pretty good for my 1st time. Glad I tried it, the
family liked it.

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Easy Sweet and Sour Pork

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Easy Sweet and Sour Pork

##  All Reviews for Easy Sweet and Sour Pork

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Easy Sweet and Sour Pork

Servings Per Recipe: 4  
Calories: 366.3  

% Daily Value *

protein:  19.9g  40 %

carbohydrates:  36.1g  12 %

dietary fiber:  2.5g  10 %

sugars:  25.8g

fat:  16.1g  25 %

saturated fat:  4.5g  23 %

cholesterol:  53.6mg  18 %

vitamin a iu:  6151.1IU  123 %

niacin equivalents:  7.6mg  59 %

vitamin b6:  0.4mg  27 %

vitamin c:  33.9mg  57 %

folate:  19.9mcg  5 %

calcium:  43.2mg  4 %

iron:  1.2mg  6 %

magnesium:  30.8mg  11 %

potassium:  527.3mg  15 %

sodium:  669.7mg  27 %

thiamin:  0.5mg  54 %

calories from fat:  145.3

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Easy Sweet and Sour Pork

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 59

Easy Sweet and Sour Pork

1 of 12 Easy Sweet and Sour Pork

Melissa Glover

Easy Sweet and Sour Pork

2 of 12 Easy Sweet and Sour Pork

Grace Risch Perry

Easy Sweet and Sour Pork

3 of 12 Easy Sweet and Sour Pork

Susan Johnston

Easy Sweet and Sour Pork

4 of 12 Easy Sweet and Sour Pork

Inga Pedersen

Easy Sweet and Sour Pork

5 of 12 Easy Sweet and Sour Pork

MorganDani13

Easy Sweet and Sour Pork

6 of 12 Easy Sweet and Sour Pork

Farique

Easy Sweet and Sour Pork

7 of 12 Easy Sweet and Sour Pork

LADYDRAKE

Easy Sweet and Sour Pork

8 of 12 Easy Sweet and Sour Pork

sarahs

Easy Sweet and Sour Pork

9 of 12 Easy Sweet and Sour Pork

4lovemybabies

Easy Sweet and Sour Pork

10 of 12 Easy Sweet and Sour Pork

*Sherri* 

Easy Sweet and Sour Pork

11 of 12 Easy Sweet and Sour Pork

lutzflcat

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Easy Sweet and Sour Pork to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Easy Sweet and Sour Pork

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

