https://therecipecritic.com/sweet-and-sour-pork/


Skip to content

  * About
Follow us on Social:

Blog Lovin'Blog Lovin Facebookfacebook Twittertwitter Instagraminstagram
Pinterestpinterest RSSRSS Feed

Search for Submit

The Recipe Critic

  * Favorite
  * Pin
  * Share

SearchToggle Menu

  * Recipe Box
    * All Categories
    * Meal Plans
    * Breakfast
    * Appetizers
    * Side Dishes
    * Dinner
    * Desserts
    * Beverages
    * Soup Recipes
    * Salads
    * Sauces
    * Keto
    * Holiday/Season
      * Easter
      * Spring
      * Summer
      * Fall
      * Thanksgiving
      * Winter
      * Christmas
      * Valentine's Day
  * Breakfast
  * Appetizers
  * Dinner
  * Desserts
    * Brownies
    * Cake
    * Cheesecake
    * Candy
    * Cookies
    * Donut
    * Frozen Treats
    * Fudge
    * Ice Cream
    * Pudding
  * By Ingredient
    * Chicken
    * Beef
    * Pork
    * Turkey
    * Vegetables
    * Fruits
    * Cheeses
    * Chocolate
    * Cinnamon
    * Seafood
    * Fish
    * Pasta
    * Nuts
    * Bacon
  * By Cooking Type
    * Instant Pot
    * Slow Cooker
    * Baked
    * 30-Minute
    * Smoked
    * Skillet
    * Grilling
  * More 

Search for Submit

Home » Dinner » **Sweet and Sour Pork**

Dinner

# Sweet and Sour Pork

by **Alyssa Rivers** April 11, 2021Jump to Recipe

  * Favorite
  * Pin
  * Share

 _This website may contain affiliate links and advertising so that we can
provide recipes to you. Read myprivacy policy._

This sensational Sweet and Sour Pork is everything you want in take out, only
better! You are going to love the succulent pork combined with the most
incredible sauce!

This recipe will take your take out game to a whole new level of yumminess.
Pair with Wontons, Egg Rolls and Rice for a restaurant worthy night!

## Skillet Sweet and Sour Pork Recipe

Hands down, this is one of my family's favorite Chinese meals to make at home.
It is the most perfect combination of sweet and sour. By using two different
vinegars instead of just one you get a complex flavor that combines with the
sweet of the sugar and ketchup that is divine. The soy sauce gives it that
savory touch it needs to balance it all out. Then you toss the sauce with
tender juicy pork, crisp tender vegetables and sweet tart pineapple that is so
heavenly. This might be a bit of work, but it is totally worth it!

I love being able to make my own take out. You can control what goes in and
what doesn't go in your food. I know exactly what I'm feeding my family. You
can also customize homemade take out to your liking as well, making it
absolutely perfect. This Sweet and Sour Pork, is no exception. It is
scrumptious and It won't sit heavy in your stomach like some take out can.
Give this sweet and sour a try, you will not be disappointed!

## What You Need For Chinese Pork

This seems like a lot of ingredients but most you probably have on hand. They
combine to make the BEST sweet and Sour Pork EVER!

  * **Oil:** This is the oil you will use for frying so use a high smoke oil, such as canola or peanut.
  * **Pork** : I used a pork tenderloin cut into one inch pieces.
  * **Salt and Pepper:** Add to taste
  * **Cornstarch:** You will use this coat the pork to help create a nice crust.
  * **Red Bell Pepper:** Cut the pepper into one inch pieces.
  * **Green Bell Pepper:** Dice the pepper into the same size as each other.
  * **Onion:** Cut the onion to be like the pepper so it will get done at the same time.
  * **Pineapple Chunks:** Use a 15 ounce can drained.

## **Homemade Sweet and Sour Sauce  
**

  * **Sugar:** This provides the sweet, good old white sugar.
  * **Ketchup:** Ketchup also adds sweet and a bit of tang.
  * **White Vinegar:** White vinegar has the intense sour taste you want.
  * **Apple Cider Vinegar:** Apple cider vinegar is milder in the sour taste so it isn't over powering.
  * **Soy Sauce:** Classic flavor for sweet and sour, use low sodium if you wish.
  * **Garlic Salt:** Adds flavor and the salt helps flavor everything else out too.
  * **Cornstarch:** This will help thicken the sauce.
  * **Sesame Seeds and Green Onions:** These are optional, but I highly recommend them.

## How to Make Sweet and Sour Pork

These ingredients combine in the most amazing way to create a dish your family
is going to ask for again and again.

  1. **Prep** : In a large skillet add the oil about one inch high in the pan and heat to 350 degrees.
  2. **Coat:** Salt and pepper the pork and toss in the cornstarch to coat completely.
  3. **Fry:** Add the pork to the oil and cook until golden and crispy about 3-4 minutes. Remove and set aside on a plate.
  4. **Sauté:** In a large skillet add the olive oil, bell pepper and onion and sauté until tender.
  5. **Sauce:** In a small bowl whisk the sugar, ketchup, vinegar, soy sauce, salt and cornstarch.
  6. **Combine:** Add the pork and pineapple back to the skillet with the peppers and pour the sauce on top. Let simmer until heated through. Garnish with sesame seeds and green onions.

## Tips For The Best Sweet and Sour Pork

Sweet and sour pork is a classic Cantonese dish that Americans have fallen in
love with, and put our own little spin on. Either way this recipe hits the
flavors right on!

  * **Pork:** I used a pork tenderloin, but you can use a pork butt or shoulder roast as well. You do not want super lean pork as it will result in tough chewy pieces of pork. You want a bit of fat for tender yummy bites of pork. Cut them evenly so they cook evenly.
  * **Vegetables:** I love using the red and green peppers for the different flavors and colors. You can substitute for yellow and or orange peppers as well.
  * **Pineapple:** I like to cut the pineapple chunks in half to make them a bit more bite size friendly and so that there are more to go around. You can use fresh pineapple too, just cook the pineapple towards the end of the peppers and onion sauté so that they can cook for 3-5 minutes. This will reduce their acidity.
  * **Cornstarch:** Using cornstarch instead of flour will give you a crispier crunch to your pork. Do not substitute it for flour.
  * **How to know when my pork is done:** Pork internal temperature should be 145 degrees. Note that pork can be 145 degrees and still have a bit of pink. It is still done.
  * **Want more crisp to your pork?** Double fry your pork nuggets. Fry the first time for 3-4 minutes or till cooked through and golden brown. Let drain on a wire rack. Heat the oil up to about 390 degrees and fry again for 1-1 ½ minutes or till a deep golden. This actually keeps the pork from getting greasy, it's just extra crunchy.

## How to Serve Your Pork and Some Variations

You could probably eat this sweet and sour right from the pan and it would be
amazing, but I often like to serve it with a bit more.

  * **Serve:** The classic way to serve this is on top of a bed of white fluffy rice. You can also serve it over brown rice, quinoa, or stir fried noodles.
  * **Variations:** Add more vegetables to your sweet and sour pork for extra umph. Zucchini, mushrooms, broccoli and sugar snap peas are all delicious.
  * **Saucy:** If you like your sweet and sour pork a bit on the saucy side, double the recipe of sauce before adding in all the extras.

## How to Store Sweet and Sour Pork

This is a great make ahead meal or reheat for lunch the next day. It is the
perfect family meal for all!

  * **Storing:** Leftovers keep in the fridge tightly sealed for up to 3 days. For best results reheat on the stove top. Microwave will work too, but the vegetables my get a tad soggy.
  * **Freeze:** You can freeze leftovers too. Place cooled sweet and sour pork in a freezer safe bag and freeze for up to 3 months. Let them thaw overnight in the fridge and reheat on the stovetop.

## More Take Out Favorites

There isn't anything better than making my favorite take out at home. Not only
does it ALWAYS taste better from scratch, but I know exactly what it is in my
food. No extras or things I cannot pronounce. Plus when you make your favorite
takeout recipes at home you can customize them to your liking. For example you
can leave something out, or add more of an ingredient, or even add extras. You
can make your take out your own. Here are some tried and true recipes to get
you started.

  * Asian Turkey Lettuce Wraps
  * Thai Sesame Peanut Sauce Noodles
  * Baked Firecracker Chicken
  * Easiest Pad Thai
  * 20 Minute Garlic Beef and Broccoli Lo Mein

## Sweet and Sour Pork

5 from 7 votes

This sensational Sweet and Sour Pork is everything you want in take out, only
better! You are going to love the succulent pork combined with the most
incredible sauce!

Prep Time 10 minutes

Cook Time 20 minutes

Total Time 30 minutes

Author Alyssa Rivers

Servings: 4 people

PrintReview

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * ▢ oil for frying
  * ▢ 1 pound pork tenderloin cut into one inch pieces
  * ▢ salt and pepper
  * ▢ 1/2 cup cornstarch
  * ▢ 1 red bell pepper cut into one inch pieces
  * ▢ 1 green bell pepper cut into one inch pieces
  * ▢ 1 small onion cut into one inch pieces
  * ▢ 1 {15 ounce can} pineapple chunks, drained

#### Sweet and Sour Sauce

  * ▢ 2/3 cup granulated sugar
  * ▢ 4 tablespoons ketchup
  * ▢ 1/4 cup white vinegar
  * ▢ 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon low sodium soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon garlic salt
  * ▢ 1 Tablespoon Cornstarch
  * ▢ sesame seeds and chopped green onions for garnish.

* * *

### Instructions



  * In a large skillet add the oil about one inch high in the pan and heat to 350 degrees.

  * Salt and Pepper the pork and toss in the cornstarch.

  * Add the pork to the oil and cook until golden and crispy about 3-4 minutes. Remove and set aside on a plate.

  * In a large skillet add the olive oil, bell pepper and onion and sauté until tender.

  * In a small bowl whisk the sugar, ketchup, vinegar, soy sauce, salt and cornstarch.

  * Add the pork and pineapple back to the skillet with the peppers and pour the sauce on top. Let simmer until heated through. Garnish with sesame seeds and green onions.

* * *

* * *

### Nutrition

Serves: 4

Calories381kcal (19%)Carbohydrates59g (20%)Protein25g (50%)Fat4g (6%)Saturated
Fat1g (5%)Trans Fat1gCholesterol74mg (25%)Sodium916mg (38%)Potassium653mg
(19%)Fiber2g (8%)Sugar39g (43%)Vitamin A1121IU (22%)Vitamin C64mg
(78%)Calcium22mg (2%)Iron2mg (11%)

_All nutritional information is based on third party calculations and is only
an estimate. Each recipe and nutritional value will vary depending on the
brands you use, measuring methods and portion sizes per household._

Course Dinner

Cuisine Asian American

Keyword chinese pork, sweet and sour, sweet and sour pork

Tried this recipe?Mention @alyssa_therecipecritic or tag #therecipecritic

### Share The Post!

Share on FacebookPin on PinterestShare via Email

16 Quick & Easy 30 Minute Recipes!

(plus weekly recipe updates)

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Your First Name *

Your Email Address *

Comment

Sign me up!

### Alyssa Rivers

I am Alyssa and the blogger behind The Recipe Critic. I started my blog in
June of 2012 as a place to share my passion for cooking. I love trying new
things and testing them out with my family.

Read More Posts by Alyssa

facebook twitter pinterest instagram

###### Categories

### Reader Favorites

Home » Dinner » **Sweet and Sour Pork**

Breakfast

## Quick 45 Minute Cinnamon Rolls

Home » Dinner » **Sweet and Sour Pork**

Desserts

## Homemade Reese's Eggs

Home » Dinner » **Sweet and Sour Pork**

Desserts

## Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Bars

Home » Dinner » **Sweet and Sour Pork**

Soup Recipes

## Best Ever Chili Recipe

## Comments

Leave a reply

  1. **Aimee** says:

March 30, 2022 at 5:04 pm

  
This is an amazing recipe!!! My 1 year old even cleared his plate! I’m
allergic to tomatoes so I substituted the ketchup with carrot marinara and it
still came out delicious. Very easy to make, will be in our future lineup of
dinner recipes!

Reply

    1. **Alyssa Rivers** says:

March 31, 2022 at 6:05 am

That's a great idea! I'm glad you guys all loved it!

Reply

  2. **Andrea** says:

March 14, 2022 at 3:48 pm

  
I did my pork in the air fryer after seasoning it and coating it in potato
starch. This was such a wonderful recipe. My family loved it, even my fussy
child who can’t stand stir fries. I’m so excited there’s leftovers for
tomorrow.

Reply

  3. **CM** says:

February 5, 2022 at 6:28 am

  
Delicious! 40 minutes start to finish. I added 1/2 tsp sesame oil to the sauce
simply because I love that flavor and used 1 tbsp of the oil I fried the pork
in to sautée the veggies so as not to dirty another pan. I also added the
pineapple right in with veggies to sauté also. One of the best tasting and
easiest sweet and sour pork recipes I’ve had. Thank you!

Reply

  4. **Melissa** says:

January 20, 2022 at 4:49 pm

Very best recipe. Quick and simple to prepare. Flavors were out of this world.
Sauce was absolutely amazing. Will definitely make again and again.

Reply

  5. **Mel Robbins** says:

December 12, 2021 at 5:52 pm

  
Delicious and so easy. This is the best recipe I have found with the best
flavour. Simple and easy to make ahead. We loved it.

Reply

    1. **Angy Stimson** says:

January 7, 2022 at 5:51 pm

  
This was a fantastic recipe! So easy with ingredients that were around the
house. The family loved it. I will e making it again and again.

Reply

  6. **Elaine O** says:

November 7, 2021 at 5:26 pm

  
This sauce is very good. I made the pork with tempura and then added the sauce
with my veggies and pineapple. It was delish. Thank you for the recipe.

Reply

  7. **Vanessa K** says:

April 13, 2021 at 6:57 pm

  
Very good!! My hubby had two helpings and he's picky. Didn't have pork
tenderloin but had Hormel pork loin. Thank you for another great recipe!

Reply

  8. **Deanne Prucha** says:

April 12, 2021 at 11:13 am

Can the pork be prepared in an air fryer to reduce the need for all the oil?
I’m looking to make this a little “healthier”.

Reply

    1. **Alyssa Rivers** says:

May 12, 2021 at 12:41 pm

I have not tried it in an air fryer but that sounds great! Let me know how it
turns out!

Reply

  9. **Jo Powell** says:

April 12, 2021 at 7:20 am

I’ve been searching for this recipe for years thanks to you I have found my
old recipe. I’m going to make this sometime soon. Thanks again

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Δ

### Popular Articles

Home » Dinner » **Sweet and Sour Pork**

Breakfast

## Quick 45 Minute Cinnamon Rolls

Home » Dinner » **Sweet and Sour Pork**

Desserts

## Homemade Reese's Eggs

Home » Dinner » **Sweet and Sour Pork**

Desserts

## Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Bars

The Recipe Critic

Search for Submit

  * Contact
  * Meet the Team
  * Meet Alyssa

#### Recipes

  * Appetizers
  * Desserts
  * Dinner
  * Salads
  * Sides
  * Soup Recipes
  * Dressings, Sauces, and Dips
  * Breakfast
  * Beverages

#### About

  * Contact
  * Meet the Team
  * Meet Alyssa

#### Social

Blog Lovin'Blog Lovin Facebookfacebook Twittertwitter Instagraminstagram
Pinterestpinterest RSSRSS Feed

The Recipe Critic (C) 2022 * All rights reserved .

An Elite CafeMedia Food Publisher

  * Recipe Box
    * All Categories
    * Meal Plans
    * Breakfast
    * Appetizers
    * Side Dishes
    * Dinner
    * Desserts
    * Beverages
    * Soup Recipes
    * Salads
    * Sauces
    * Keto
    * Holiday/Season
      * Easter
      * Spring
      * Summer
      * Fall
      * Thanksgiving
      * Winter
      * Christmas
      * Valentine's Day
  * Breakfast
  * Appetizers
  * Dinner
  * Desserts
    * Brownies
    * Cake
    * Cheesecake
    * Candy
    * Cookies
    * Donut
    * Frozen Treats
    * Fudge
    * Ice Cream
    * Pudding
  * By Ingredient
    * Chicken
    * Beef
    * Pork
    * Turkey
    * Vegetables
    * Fruits
    * Cheeses
    * Chocolate
    * Cinnamon
    * Seafood
    * Fish
    * Pasta
    * Nuts
    * Bacon
  * By Cooking Type
    * Instant Pot
    * Slow Cooker
    * Baked
    * 30-Minute
    * Smoked
    * Skillet
    * Grilling
  * More 

  * About
Follow us on Social:

Blog Lovin'Blog Lovin Facebookfacebook Twittertwitter Instagraminstagram
Pinterestpinterest RSSRSS Feed

Search for Submit



