https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/sweet-sour-pork-2/85608a71-b7ef-43c4-9e89-f37e04748f85


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Sweet & sour pork

  * _25m_ prep
  * _15m_ cook
  * _4_ servings 

75

Save Recipe

1,413 people saved this

88 people made this

Challenge your inner MasterChef with this delicious sweet and sour pork
recipe.

A

Alison Roberts

690 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain gluten, wheat, tree nut, egg and groundnut.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 19 Ingredients 
  * 3 Method Steps 

#### 19 Ingredients

  * 1/2 cup (70g) Coles Cornflour 

  * 1/3 cup (50g) plain flour 

  * 1 tsp salt 

  * 2 eggs 

  * 2 tbsp water 

  * 500g pork scotch fillet, cut into 1.5cm pieces 

  * Oil, to fry 

  * Steamed rice, to serve 

  * Shallots, to serve 

  * Coriander leaves, to serve 

  * ### Sweet & sour sauce

  * 1 tbsp peanut oil 

  * 1 green capsicum, chopped 

  * 1 carrot, sliced 

  * 1 garlic clove, crushed 

  * 1/2 cup (115g) caster sugar 

  * 1/2 cup (125ml) white vinegar 

  * 1 tbsp soy sauce 

  * 2 tbsp cornflour 

  * 425g can pineapple pieces in natural juices, drained 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 3 Method Steps

  * Step 1

For the sauce, heat oil  (1 tbsp peanut oil) in a saucepan over medium heat.
Add the capsicum  (1 green capsicum, chopped), carrot  (1 carrot, sliced) and
garlic  (1 garlic clove, crushed) and cook for 3 minutes. Stir in the sugar
(1/2 cup (115g) caster sugar), vinegar  (1/2 cup (125ml) white vinegar), soy
sauce  (1 tbsp soy sauce) and 1 cup (250ml) water until sugar dissolves.
Combine the cornflour  (2 tbsp cornflour) and 2 tablespoons water. Add to the
pan and whisk until it comes to the boil. Simmer for 2 minutes. Stir in the
pineapple  (425g can pineapple pieces in natural juices, drained). Set aside.

  * Step 2

Combine the cornflour  (1/2 cup (70g) Coles Cornflour), plain flour  (1/3 cup
(50g) plain flour), salt  (1 tsp salt), eggs  (2 eggs) and 2 tablespoons
water. Coat half the pork  (500g pork scotch fillet, cut into 1.5cm pieces) in
the batter. Carefully deep fry in hot oil  (Oil, to fry) for 3-4 minutes until
golden. Repeat.

  * Step 3

Combine pork and sauce. Serve with rice  (Steamed rice, to serve), shallots
(Shallots, to serve) and coriander  (Coriander leaves, to serve).

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

88 people made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

1,413 people saved this

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by Luke Burgess

##  Popular on Taste

  1. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  2. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  3. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

  4. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

  5. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  6. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

  7. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

  8. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

