https://recipesofhome.com/veg-manchurian-recipe/


Skip to content

###  Recipes Of Home

__

  * HOME
  * CHICKEN
  * DRINK
  * SNACK
  * RICE
  * VEGETARIAN
    * PANEER
  * SWEET
  * SOUP
  * ARTICLE
    * Recipe Collections
    * Kitchen Tips
    * Food Facts
    * Ingredients
  * WEB STORIES

Home » Vegetarian » veg manchurian recipe ( veg manchurian gravy & dry )

Vegetarian Latest

#  Veg manchurian recipe | Veg manchurian gravy recipe | How to make veg
manchurian

__ June 16, 2022June 16, 2022 __ Koushik  __0 Comments __manchurian recipe,
veg manchurian dry, veg manchurian gravy, veg manchurian recipe, vegetable
manchurian

**Veg manchurian recipe** – crispy, fried vegetable balls tossed in hot and
spicy manchurian gravy is one of the popular **vegetarian recipes** in indo-
chinese cuisine.Just like **chilli paneer** and **chilli chciken** recipe we
use this same **manchurian recipe** to cook both **veg manchurian dry** and
**veg manchurian gravy** recipe. This vegetable manchurian recipe is very
tasty and easy to cook. In this post, you will learn **how to make veg**
**manchurian** **?**

Though there are various recipes for veg manchurian available yet this
vegetable manchurian recipe is not only very delicious but also very easy to
cook at home with just using a few ingredients.

**Note:** if you are in a hurry, **feel free to click on the following links**
to check your desired topic.If you’d like to see our in-depth step by step
recipe preparation keep reading!

Table of Contents

__

  * What is veg manchurian?
  * Serving ideas
  * Important tips
  * Veg manchurian recipe video
  * How to make veg manchurian
    * Ingredients required

## **What is veg manchurian recipe?**

This famous indo- chinese veg manchurian recipe is made of fresh vegetable
balls which are first fried and then simmered in hot and spicy manchurian
gravy,

which is the mixture of spring onions, cabbage, capsicum, carrots,ginger-
garlic, a few Indian spices and red chili sauce, soy sauce, and vinegar.

**| You can also check**

  * **Chicken curry**
  * **Veg fried rice**
  * **Chicken fried rice**
  * **Gobi manchurian**
  * **Chicken manchurian**
  * **Chilli chicken**
  * **Papdi chaat  
**

  * **Dahi vada **
  * **Veg cutlet**
  * **Chilli potato**
  * **Chilli paneer**
  * **Aloo gobi**

## **What to serve with veg manchurian gravy recipe?**

For the main course **veg manchurian gravy** and **fried rice** is the best
combo dish that is widely served in India, otherwise, as a starter, if you
prefer veg manchurian dry then go with any types of **hakka noodles** you
like.

## **Tips to make the best veg manchurian recipe**

  * _**Crispness** **:**_ To make your veg **manchurian balls crispy add breadcrumbs or cornflakes** whatever you have in your pantry.

  * _**Perfect Round Shape:**_ To get a **perfect round shape of manchurian balls without using any water** add **breadcrumbs** or **cornflakes** along with **cornflour and maida** which helps to stick vegetables together even after frying.

  * _**Vibrant Colour: **_To get the **vibrant colour** just like restaurant style veg manchurian recipe, we simply use **good quality Kashmiri red chili powder** which is easily available at our home.

**More Recipes You May Love**

  * Punjabi kadhi pakora recipe |…
  * Kadai chicken recipe | Chicken…
  * Veg biryani recipe | How to…
  * Chilli paneer recipe | How to…
  * Gobi manchurian recipe |…
  * Chicken korma recipe | Indian…

## **Veg manchurian recipe video**

If you want to watch the **veg manchurian video recipe** watch here, otherwise
read the below step by step recipe.

Veg Manchurian Recipe | वेज �...

Please enable JavaScript

Veg Manchurian Recipe | वेज मंचूरियन रेसिपी | Vegetable Manchurian Gravy | Dry
Manchurian

## **How to make veg manchurian**

The complete preparation process of veg manchurian recipe is classified into
three simple categories,

**first one** is making **vegetable balls** , **second one** is **frying
veggie balls for manchurian recipe** ,

and

the **last one** is preparing delicious **veg manchurian gravy**.

so, let’s make it now.

### **Making vegetable balls**

**1.** At first,for making vegetable balls for veg manchurian gravy recipe in
a medium-size bowl, add 3 tbsp chopped spring onions.

**2.** Now, add 3 tbsp chopped cabbage.

**3.** Then add finely 3 tbsp chopped capsicum and 3 tbsp grated carrots.

**4.** Finally add 2 tbsp chopped french beans.

**5.** Next add 2 to 3 tbsp corn flour,

**6.** 2 to 3 tbsp maida or all-purpose flour.  

**7.** 1/2 tsp black pepper powder and salt to taste.

**8.** To make crispy manchurian balls add cornflakes or bread crumbs whatever
you have.

**9.** Now mix everything without adding any water.

**10.** Next, grease oil in the palm, pick a small amount of vegetable
mixture, and evenly pressurized veggies which ultimately get perfect round
shape manchurian ball.

**11.** Now set aside this manchurian ball for frying.

****

### **Frying veggie balls for manchurian recipe**

**1.** Now for frying veggie balls for manchurian recipe, pour oil in a deep
kadhai or nonstick pan and wait for the oil to be ready.

**2.** Now add mixed veg manchurian balls in this hot oil.

**3.** Next, gently, shallow fry this mixed vegetable manchurian balls in
medium to low flame until each ball is golden brown.

**4.** After that take out fried crispy veg manchurian balls and drain excess
oil in kitchen tissue.

### **How to make veg manchurian gravy**

**1.** Now to make veg manchurian gravy heat 4 to 5 tbsp oil in a pan.

**2.** Then add chopped ginger-garlic and saute in medium flame until the raw
smell completely goes away.

**3.** After that add chopped spring onions.

**4.** Now saute the spring onions in medium flame until it becomes
translucent.

**5.** Next pour 1 tbsp soy sauce, and vinegar.

**6.** Add 2 tbsp red chili sauce, adjust spiciness later depending upon your
requirement.

**7.** Now, make a quick stir for 1 to 2 min in medium to high flame.

**8.** To get glossiness similar to restaurant style veg manchurian gravy we
add the cornflour water mixture.

**9.** Now pour 50 to 100 ml water, and adjust later depending upon your
manchurian gravy requirement.

**10.** Then add sprinkle some veg manchurian masala including 2 tsp kashmiri
red chili powder.

**11.** Sprinkle salt to taste.

**12.** Then simmer the sauce for at least 3 to 4 min.

**13.** Finally, mix the fried veg manchurian ball and gently mix in this
spicy gravy for another 2 to 3 min in medium to low flame.

**14.** In the end, garnish this restaurant style veg manchurian recipe with
some chopped spring onions sprinkles at the top.

### **How to make veg manchurian dry**

  * If you want to prepare **veg manchurian dry recipe** we first ooze out the manchurian gravy to half of its quantity.
  * The recipe of manchurian gravy is the same as above.
  * Then add fried manchurian balls and gently tossed them in medium to low flame.

The rest of the preparation is absolutely the same as the veg manchurian gravy
mentioned above.

**Veg Manchurian Recipe Card**

Here is a quick overview of all the ingredients of veg manchurian recipe
including quick step by step preparation of veg manchurian gravy recipe shown
**in the recipe card**.

**Take note of all ingredient lists**.

Yield: 3

## Veg manchurian recipe ( Veg manchurian gravy & dry )

Print

**Veg manchurian recipe** is one of the popular manchurian recipe in Indo-
Chinese cuisine in which crispy, fried vegetable balls are tossed in hot and
spicy veg manchurian gravy. Serve hot this restaurant style veg manchurian dry
with noodles and fried rice.

**Prep Time** 10 minutes

**Cook Time** 25 minutes

**Additional Time** 5 minutes

**Total Time** 40 minutes

### Ingredients

#### Ingredients For Veg Manchurian Ball

  * 4 to 5 tbsp chopped spring onions 
  * 3 tbsp chopped cabbage 
  * 3 tbsp grated carrot 
  * 2 tbsp chopped capsicum or bell pepper 
  * 2 tbsp chopped french beans 
  * 2 to 3 tbsp cornflour 
  * 2 to 3 tbsp maida 
  * 1 tsp black pepper 
  * 1 tsp kashmiri red chili powder 
  * 3 tbsp cornflakes or bread crumb 

#### For Frying Manchurian Ball

  * 5 to 6 tbsp oil for shallow fry 
  * 2 to 3 kitchen tissue to drain off excess oil 

#### Other Veg Manchurian Ingredients

  * 3 to 4 tbsp oil 
  * 1 tbsp finely chopped ginger garlic 
  * 3 tbsp chopped spring onion 
  * 3 tbsp red chili sauce 
  * 1 tbsp soya sauce 
  * 1 tbsp vinegar 
  * 2 tbsp cornflour 
  * 50 to 100 ml water 
  * 2 tsp kashmiri red chili powder 
  * 1 tsp salt 

### Instructions

#### **how to make veg manchurian gravy**

  1. For making veg manchurian ball, in a bowl mix all fresh vegetables including chopped spring onions, grated carrots, chopped cabbage, capsicum and french beans.
  2. Also add corn flour, maida, black pepper, and salt.
  3. To make crispy veg manchurian balls add cornflakes or bread crumbs whatever you have.
  4. Now mix everything without adding any water.
  5. Next, grease oil in the palm, pick a small amount of vegetable mixture, and evenly pressurized veggies which ultimately get the perfect manchurian ball.
  6. After that, pour oil into a deep kadai and fry manchurian ball in medium to low flame until golden brown.
  7. Take out fried veg manchurian and drain excess oil in kitchen tissue.
  8. Now for making veg manchurian gravy, heat oil in a pan. 
  9. Then add chopped ginger-garlic and saute in medium flame until the raw smell completely goes away.
  10. After that add chopped spring onions and saute in medium flame until it becomes translucent.
  11. Furthermore, pour red chili sauce, soy sauce, vinegar and make a quick stir for 1 to 2 min in medium to high flame.
  12. Next, to make restaurant style veg manchurian gravy we add the cornflour water mixture.
  13. Now pour 50 to 100 ml water [adjust if required], kashmiri red chili powder, a pinch of salt, and mix everything.
  14. Then simmer the sauce for at least 3 to 4 min. 
  15. Finally, mix the fried veg manchurian ball and gently mix in this spicy gravy for another 2 to 3 min in medium to low flame. 
  16. In the end, garnish this veg manchurian with some chopped spring onions at the top and served with fried rice or noodles.

### Notes

#### Veg Manchurian Recipe Note

  1. While making mix veg manchurian ball don't use any additional water because all veggies have inbuilt moisture.
  2. To make the perfectly round shape crispy veg manchurian ball use crushed cornflakes or bread crumbs which helps to sticks all vegetable together. 

#### Nutrition Information

#### Yield

3

#### Serving Size

3  
_Amount Per Serving_ Calories 344Total Fat 31gSaturated Fat 2gTrans Fat
0gUnsaturated Fat 27gCholesterol 11mgSodium 277mgCarbohydrates 15gFiber
2gSugar 2gProtein 3g

_Disclaimer: The information shown is an estimate provided by an online
nutrition calculator. It should not be considered a substitute for a
professional nutritionist’s advice._

### Do you like this recipe? pin it!

Follow us on Pinterest to get delicious recipes!

© Koushik

**Cuisine:** North Indian  / **Category:** Vegetarian

### Recipe Collections

11 Best Punjabi Recipes | Easy Punjabi Food | Popular Punjabi Dish 13 Best
Indian Lunch Recipes | Easy Indian Lunch Recipes 15 Best Indian Dinner Recipes
| Easy Indian Recipes 15 Best Indian Vegetarian Dinner Recipes | Easy
Vegetarian Dinner Party Recipes 23 best indian food recipes | Most popular
indian dishes | Indian recipes 35 most popular north indian food | North
indian dishes | North indian recipes Kitchen tips : How to blanch almonds fast
| 3 easy ways to peel almonds quickly Kitchen tips : How to store cooking oils
| 4 easy way to store cooking oils fresh

  * ← Gobi manchurian recipe | Cauliflower manchurian recipe | How to make gobi manchurian
  * Matar paneer recipe | Mutter paneer recipe | How to make matar paneer →

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

### Trending Posts

  1. 11 Best Punjabi Recipes | Easy Punjabi Food | Popular Punjabi Dish
  2. 13 Best Indian Lunch Recipes | Easy Indian Lunch Recipes
  3. 15 Best Indian Dinner Recipes | Easy Indian Recipes
  4. 15 Best Indian Vegetarian Dinner Recipes | Easy Vegetarian Dinner Party Recipes
  5. 23 best indian food recipes | Most popular indian dishes | Indian recipes
  6. 35 most popular north indian food | North indian dishes | North indian recipes
  7. Kitchen tips : How to blanch almonds fast | 3 easy ways to peel almonds quickly
  8. Kitchen tips : How to store cooking oils | 4 easy way to store cooking oils fresh

### Most Popular Recipes

  * Chicken Biryani
  * Hyderabadi Biryani
  * Veg Biryani
  * Chilli Chicken
  * Chicken Curry
  * Butter Chicken
  * Aloo Samosa
  * Veg Cutlet
  * Dahi Vada
  * Matar Paneer
  * Shahi Paneer
  * Paneer Butter Masala
  * Dal Makhani
  * Rajma Chawal
  * Egg Curry
  * Chana Masala
  * Punjabi Chole

### Web Stories

Cold coffee recipe ( How to make cold coffee )

French fries recipe ( How to make french fry )

3 easy ways to peel almonds quickly ( How to blanch almond fast )

Chicken biryani recipe | How to make chicken biryani

View all stories

### Information

  * Privacy Policy
  * Sitemap

### Navigate

  * Home
  * About
  * Contact
  * Web Stories

### Find Recipes

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

Copyright © 2022 Recipes Of Home. All rights reserved.  
Theme: ColorMag by ThemeGrill. Powered by WordPress.

__

Skip to Recipe

Cold coffee recipe ( How to make cold coffee ) French fries recipe ( How to
make french fry ) 3 easy ways to peel almonds quickly ( How to blanch almond
fast ) Chicken biryani recipe | How to make chicken biryani

