https://www.spiceupthecurry.com/veg-manchurian-dry-recipe/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

Spice Up The Curry

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipes
    * By Category
    * By Ingredients
    * Festivals
    * Collections
  * Subscribe
  *     * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * YouTube

  * Search

menu icon

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Ingredients
  * Festivals
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

search icon

Search

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Ingredients
  * Festivals
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

×

Home » Cuisine » Indo-Chinese

# Veg manchurian dry recipe

Published: Jan 13, 2017 · Last Modified: Apr 14, 2020 by Kanan Patel / 32
Comments

Jump to Recipe Pin Recipe

**Veg manchurian dry recipe -** This is the Indo Chinese starter dish where
fried vegetable balls are coated with thick, flavorful sauce. Since this is
the dry version there is no gravy.

I have already shared the veg manchurian gravy version that we love with
steamed rice or veg fried rice. But this time I am sharing the dry veg
manchurian recipe. We love to have it as a snack occasionally.

Making manchurian balls is little time consuming. But **if you have used food
processor or chopper for chopping task. This can be done in less time.**

After that making **thick, spicy, slightly tangy and sweet sauce** will take
just 5-7 minutes only. At the end, mix the balls with this sauce and it is
ready.

## How to make Veg Manchurian Dry?

1) To make balls, chop all the vegetables finely using knife or use food
processor or chopper. Take vegetables (carrot, cabbage, green onion, capsicum)
into food processor jar.

2) Pulse it few times or till they are finely chopped or minced.

3) Remove it to a bowl. Add salt and peper.

4) Also add all purpose flour and corn flour.

5) Mix well and try to pinch together using your hand. It should come together
and you will be able to form a ball. If it is crumbly and dry then you can
sprinkle little water and try binding together. Or if it is too sticky then
add more flour.

6) Start shaping all the balls, you will get around 10 balls.

7) Now heat the oil in a pan on medium heat for deep frying. Once hot add
balls into the oil.

8) Keep moving and turning for even browning.

9) Once they are fried and golden browned from all the sides, remove them
using slotted spatula.

10) And put them into paper towel lined plate. Fry the second batch similarly.

11) Now to prepare the corn flour mixture, take corn flour in a small bowl.

12) Add 2 tablespoons of water and make lump free mixture. Keep it aside.

13) Now heat the sesame oil in a pan on medium heat. Once hot add finely
chopped ginger, garlic and green chilies.

14) Saute them for 1 minute, do not brown the garlic.

15) Now add chopped onions.

16) Mix and continue cooking.

17) Cook till they are soft and translucent or light pink. Again do not brown
the onions, just soften them.

18) Now add ketchup.

19) Add soy sauce

20) Add chilli sauce and vinegar.

21) Mix well.

22) Now add corn flour mixture.

23) Mix and let it simmer for 2 minutes or till you get nice thick of sauce.
Make sure it is not watery. Now add salt and pepper to taste. You can add red
chilli flakes too. Mix well.

24) Now add fried manchurian balls.

25) Toss them and coat all the balls with that sauce.

26) Lastly sprinkle spring onions greens and serve immediately.

_**Serving suggestion:** _While serving the indian chinese meal, serve this
veg manchurian dry as a starter dish. Many prefers to have it as a side dish
with hakka noodles or Schezwan noodles.

**Check out otherIndo chinese recipes**  
Chilli Paneer dry // Veg manchow soup // Veg american chopsuey

Step by Step Photos AboveWant to make it perfect first time? Don't forget to
check out Step-by-Step photo instructions and helpful Tips & Tricks !!

Print Pin

## Veg Manchurian Dry Recipe

4.71 from 17 votes

Tried this recipe? Leave a comment and/or give ★ ratings

This is the Indo Chinese starter dish where fried vegetables balls are coated
with thick, flavorful sauce. Since this is the dry version there is no gravy.

Author: Kanan

Course: Appetizer

Cuisine: Indo Chinese

Calories: 437kcal

Servings 2 servings

Prep Time 20 minutes

Cook Time 20 minutes

Total Time 40 minutes

US measuring cups are used (1 cup = 240 ml) See details

### Ingredients  

1x2x3x

#### For manchurian balls:

  * ▢ 1 cup Cabbage chopped
  * ▢ 1 medium or ½ cup Carrot chopped
  * ▢ ¼ cup Spring onion (green onion or scallion) chopped
  * ▢ ¼ cup Capsicum (Green bell pepper) chopped
  * ▢ Salt to taste
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon Black pepper powder
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons All purpose flour (Maida)
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons Corn flour (corn starch)
  * ▢ Oil for deep frying

#### For thick manchurian sauce:

  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon Corn flour (corn starch)
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons Water
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons Sesame Oil
  * ▢ 2 teaspoons Ginger finely chopped
  * ▢ 2 teaspoons Garlic finely chopped
  * ▢ 1-2 Green chilies finely chopped
  * ▢ ½ cup Red onion finely chopped
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Tomato Ketchup or tomato sauce
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 ½ teaspoons Chilli sauce
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon White distilled vinegar
  * ▢ Salt to taste
  * ▢ Black pepper powder to taste
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Spring onion (green onion or scallion) Green stalk, chopped

### Instructions

#### Making manchurian balls:

  * chop all the vegetables finely or mince them using knife or use food processor or chopper.

  * Remove it to a bowl. Add salt and peper.

  * Also add all purpose flour and corn flour. Mix well and try to pinch together using your hand. It should come together and you will be able to form a ball. If it is crumbly and dry then you can sprinkle little water and try binding together. Or if it is too sticky then add more flour.

  * Start shaping all the balls, you will get around 10 balls.

  * Now heat the oil in a pan on medium heat for deep frying.

  * Once hot add balls into the oil. Keep moving and turning for even browning.

  * Once they are fried and golden browned from all the sides, remove to a paper towel lined plate. Fry the second batch similarly.

#### Making Veg Manchurian dry recipe:

  * Take corn flour in a small bowl. Add 2 tablespoons of water and make lump free mixture. Keep it aside.

  * Now heat the sesame oil in a pan on medium heat.

  * Once hot add finely chopped ginger, garlic and green chilies. Saute them for 1 minute, do not brown the garlic.

  * Now add chopped onions. Cook till they are soft and translucent or light pink. Again do not brown the onions, just soften them.

  * Now add ketchup, soy sauce, chilli sauce and vinegar.

  * Now add corn flour mixture. Mix and let it simmer for 2 minutes or till you get nice thick of sauce. Make sure it is not watery.

  * Now add salt and pepper to taste. You can add red chilli flakes too. Mix well.

  * Now add fried manchurian balls. Toss them and coat all the balls with that sauce.

  * Lastly sprinkle spring onions greens and serve immediately.

### Nutrition

Calories: 437kcal | Carbohydrates: 16.8g | Protein: 2.5g | Fat: 41.2g |
Saturated Fat: 5.5g | Cholesterol: 0mg | Sodium: 571mg | Potassium: 247mg |
Fiber: 2.7g | Sugar: 4.4g

*Nutrition information is a rough estimate for 1 serving

Did you make this recipe?Snap a pic, mention @spice.up.the.curry or tag
#spiceupthecurry. I would love to see.

« Hakka noodles recipe

Veg Cream Cheese Sandwich Recipe »

574 shares

  * Facebook227
  * Pinterest347
  * WhatsApp

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Ss

June 06, 2021 at 1:54 pm

Tried it . Yummy

Reply

    * Kanan Patel

June 07, 2021 at 6:08 pm

Glad that you liked.

Reply

« Older Comments

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi, I'm Kanan Patel**. I share easy, delicious vegetarian recipes (mostly
Indian) and Eggless baking recipes that you can sure count on!

More about me →

### Indian Spice Box

### Top Recipes

  * Eggless Chocolate Chip Cookies

  * World’s BEST Eggless Brownies

  * Punjabi Shahi Paneer (Restaurant Style)

  * Chipotle Sauce

  * Eggless Banana Muffins Recipe

  * Frankie Recipe (Bombay Veg Frankie Roll)

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * About Kanan
  * Privacy Policy
  * Disclosure
  * Accessibility Policy
  * Nutrition Disclaimer

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates. Plus get a bonus cooking tips!

### Resources

  * Conversion Chart
  * Glossary
  * Recipe Index
  * Contact

### As Featured In

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2022 Spice Up The Curry

