https://www.cookclickndevour.com/veg-manchurian-gravy-recipe/


  * About Me
  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Privacy policy

  *   *   *   * 

Cook Click N Devour!!!

Easy Vegetarian & Vegan Recipes For Everyone

  * About Me
  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Privacy policy

Home / Dal & Curry Recipes / **Veg Manchurian (Mixed Vegetable Manchurian)**

Published: December 28, 2021 | Updated May 1, 2022 | By Harini

# Veg Manchurian (Mixed Vegetable Manchurian)

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

**Veg manchurian** is a delicious side dish or snack made with mixed
vegetables, soy sauce, chili sauce etc. It is one of the delicious and popular
variety of manchurian recipes. With this recipe you will be able to make
absolutely tasty and best Chinese manchurian at home with mixed vegetables.

How do you like some super crispy mixed veg dumplings tossed in a sticky spicy
and sour Chinese sauce? That is mixed vegetable manchurian for you. So worth
the time, better than takeout's, this homemade recipe is vegan, can be made
gluten free easily.

## What Is Vegetable Manchurian?

Vegetable manchurian or mixed veg manchurian is a popular variety of Indo
chinese manchurian recipes. It is basically crispy veg dumplings tossed in the
ever popular manchurian sauce.

All these vegetarian manchurian recipes like gobi manchurian, paneer
manchurian, baby corn manchurian and this veg manchurian are vegetarian
variation for popular chicken manchurian

Chinese vegetable manchurian recipe is a perfect side dish for fried rice.
The term manchurian may refer to the people from Manchuria and their desi
cuisine. You can simply make dry veg manchurian balls or toss them in a sticky
sweet and sour sauce.

At first this dish was made with chicken and then adapted to suit the
vegetarians. Indo Chinese cuisine was developed first by the Chinese in
Kolkata and now it is immensely popular and favorite cuisine across the
country.

Indo chinese recipes are an all time favorite at our home. I like to recreate
the street style fried rice, noodles, manchurian, rolls, popular indo chinese
recipes at home time to time.

Whenever I make veg fried rice or veg noodles, I try to make a manchurian
recipe as side dish. Depending on the availability of veggies I make this veg
manchurian or gobi or paneer manchurian.

This recipe of veg manchurian is tried and tested multiple times, yields one
of the best crispy manchurian balls in a super flavorful sauce.

This is a real treat for Indo Chinese food lovers. Do try this out and I am
sure you will have super fun making this recipe at home.

**This Veg Manchurian Is**

_So delicious and addictive_

_easy to make at home,_

_flavorful, better than takeout 's_

_vegan and can be made gluten free easily_

_best paired with fried rice!_

This indo chinese dish recipe may look complex at the first glance. I assure
you, it is super simple recipe and you do not need any special ingredients or
equipment's.

Over the years, I have learnt from my mistakes and curated these tips to make
best veg manchurian for you. Just follow these steps and try it out, it will
turn out wonderful.

## **Ingredients For Manchurian Sauce**

To make this manchurian sauce or gravy you need a mix of sauces. All these
sauces, along with vegetables like onion, celery. spring onion and bell
peppers form the manchurian gravy. Here is a breakdown of sauces you will
require

#### **soy sauce**

you can use a mix of dark and light soy sauce for flavor and color. I always
use either naturally fermented soy sauce or liquid aminos from bragg. For
gluten free option you can use tamari. Liquid aminos provide a wonderful deep
flavor and umami to Chinese recipes. You can even use iot along with or
instead of soy sauce.

#### **Chilli sauce**

Chilli sauce is used for flavor and spice. Instead of typical red chili sauce
you can also red chilli flakes or any hot sauce like siracha. I sometimes use
green chilli sauce and red chilli paste too for this recipe.

#### **Ketchup**

I like to add a dash of tomato ketchup for the flavor and slight sweet taste
and also to balance spice levels, it is optional.

#### Others

  * **Vinegar** - Use rice vinegar, rice wine or apple cider vinegar. You can use lemon juice in a pinch.
  * brown sugar or maple
  * salt and pepper

## **What vegetables go in manchurian Balls?**

Other than cabbage all the veggies are variable. Just use whatever you like or
have handy. Here I have used cabbage, carrots, green beans, onions, bell
peppers. You can also use

  * courgettis - grate and squeeze excess water thoroughly
  * corn
  * broccoli
  * cauliflower
  * spring onion greens
  * Finely chopped capsicum

Just make sure the veggies are thoroughly dried after mincing.

## How To Chop Vegetables For Veg Manchurian

For this recipe you will need super finely chopped vegetables. Easiest method
is to use a food processor. A chopper or processor is super helpful especially
if you want to make vegetable manchurian for parties in huge quantities.

If you are chopping with a knife, chop them super fine. You can even grate the
vegetables like carrot and cabbage.

If you have mincing option you can do that too.

## How To Make Veg Manchurian Gravy.

The recipe of vegetable manchurian I am sharing here is not very saucy. It has
just enough gravy to coat and stick to the fried vegetable balls as we do not
like them drenched in sauce.

If you want to make this dish more saucy, just add 2 cups water instead of the
1 cup I have mentioned in the recipe. This will yield you veg manchurian with
gravy.

## Can I Make Veg Manchurian Dry?

Totally, just skip the corn flour slurry while making the sauce.

Toss the vegetable dumplings to the stir fry veggies and sauces.

This dry manchurian is a wonderful snack or starter in Indo chinese spread.

## How To Make Gluten Free Vegetable Manchurian?

Soy sauce and plain flour maida are only two ingredients with this recipe.

Instead of soy sauce you can use gluten free tamari. Instead of maida just use
chickpea flour. You can also use a mix of chickpea flour and rice flour.

## Serving Suggestions

This Chinese veg manchurian tastes best as starter or main course with veg
fried rice. Most Indian restaurants serve it as side dish for fried rice.

This is also great to serve with vegetable noodles or hakka noodles. I love
this combination from indo chinese restaurants. You can add chopped coriander
or green onions as garnish.

## How To Make Veg Manchurian Balls

Please follow the step by step recipe below for easy understanding.

Rinse and wipe the vegetables well without any water. To chop using a
processor, peel the carrots and cut them into half. Halve or quarter the bell
peppers and also cut cabbage into big pieces. Place everything in the
processor bowl. I sometimes add 2 green chillies for spicier manchurian. You
can also use serrano peppers.

Process for few seconds and until the veggies are minced well. You can also
chop them as finely as seen here using a knife

Next add the chopped veggies to a large bowl. In the meanwhile heat the oil
for deep frying.

To the chopped veggies, add all purpose flour, corn flour, 1/2 tsp black
pepper, 1/4 tsp red chilli flakes, 1/2 tsp salt, minced ginger garlic.

Mix very well and as you mix the veggies will leave out some moisture and
incorporate that into the flours. Do not add any water.

Pinch out medium lemon sized balls from the mixture and shape into balls.

Slide about 4-5 manchurian balls into the hot oil.

Stir them very gently after few seconds and let them fry from all sides. Deep
fry all the balls in the same way.

Once crispy and also golden brown, remove using a slotted spoon and keep the
deep fried vegetable balls aside. At this stage you can choose to serve hot as
dry vegetable manchurian as snack.

## How To Make Manchurian Sauce

Mix about 1 tablespoon corn starch in 1/2 cup cold water without any lumps.
Set aside until use. You could also use tapioca starch.

Now to make the manchurian gravy recipe heat 2 tablespoons oil in a pan.

Add the minced ginger & add finely chopped garlic or ginger garlic paste, red
chilli flakes, chopped celery, chopped onions and capsicum, Saute it in high
heat for a minute until the raw taste leaves.

Add all the sauces- 2 tablespoons soy sauce 1 tablespoon red chilli sauce, 1
tablespoon vinegar, 2 teaspoons maple syrup or sugar, 1/2 tablespoon tomato
ketchup, salt and black pepper. You could also add a dash of sriracha sauce
here. You can add soy sauce alone too.

Mix well and cook it for a minute. Add the corn flour slurry and mix very
well. This is will make sure the sauce thickens.

Add the 1 cup water to the veg broth and mix. Let the sauce bubble and thicken
for a minute. Remove manchurian gravy from flame. Set aside the gravy for 2
minutes.

Now add the fried veg balls or add manchurian balls. Toss it quickly so that
the manchurian balls absorb the sauce yet they stay crispy.

Add the spring onions greens and sesame seeds.

Serve the veg manchurian immediately. Add more spring onions as garnish.

## Tips To Make Best Veg Manchurian

### **Preparing the vegetables** -

For this recipe you will need a truck load of veggies and they should be super
finely chopped. If the vegetables are not finely diced, you will either not be
able to shape the balls else they may break while frying.

So chop them finely. Check FAQ for more on chopping veggies for manchurian.

### **Making the veg manchurian dumplings-**

This the most tricky part of this recipe. We are mixing corn flour and plain
flour to the chopped vegetables and shape into small balls.

The trick is to make sure there is no extra moisture in the veggie mixture.Do
not add extra water in the vegetable mixture. The moisture in grated
vegetables is enough to shape the balls

Flours are for binding, so that the dumplings hold the shape. Corn flour also
makes manchurian balls super crispy.

Here if you add more flour than required, it will spoil the taste of the
dumplings and they will turn hard on frying as well. On the other hand if you
add less flour, the dumplings will not hold shape or will dissolve in oil
while frying.

### **Frying the manchurian dumplings**

Use a heavy pan with slight flat base for frying these dumplings. The oil
should be hot but not smoking and maintain medium flame while frying.

Gently slide the shaped dumplings and fry until they are crispy and evenly
browned. It is a good idea to slide in a shaped ball and check before adding a
lot.

If the dumpling breaks, you can add 1-2 tablespoons more corn flour to the
mixture, mix well and proceed.

## You Might Also Like

Chilli potato

cauliflower bites

Scallion pancakes

chilli paneer

Schezwan noodles

_I hope you will try this restaurant style veg manchurian recipe and enjoy as
much as we did. Do snap a pic and share on Instagram with hashtag  _
_#cookclickndevou_ _  and please give a star rating ★ in the recipe card
below. Follow us on _ _Pinterest_ _  , _ _Instagram_ _,  _ _Facebook  _ _  for
more recipes and ideas. Thank you so much for being here 🙂_

## Veg Manchurian Recipe

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

Harini

Veg manchurian is one of the delicious and popular variety of manchurian
recipes. With this recipe you will be able to make absolutely tasty and best
Chinese manchurian at home with mixed vegetables. How do you like some super
crispy mixed veg dumplings tossed in a sticky spicy and sour Chinese sauce?
That is mixed vegetable manchurian for you. So worth the time, better than
takeouts, this homemade recipe is vegan, can be made gluten free easily.

4.6 from 5 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 15 mins

Cook Time 20 mins

Total Time 1 hr

Course Side Dish

Cuisine Indo chinese

Servings 3

Calories 192 kcal

#### 1 CUP = 250 ml

### Ingredients



US CustomaryMetric



1x2x3x

#### For veg balls

  * ▢ 1 1/2 cups cabbage very finely chopped
  * ▢ 1/2 cup carrot very finely chopped
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons beans very finely chopped
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons capsicum very finely chopped
  * ▢ 1/2 cup spring onion whites finely chopped
  * ▢ 3 tabespoons corn flour
  * ▢ 3 tablespoons all purpose flour maida
  * ▢ 1/2 teaspoon black pepper
  * ▢ Salt to taste
  * ▢ Oil for deep or shallow frying

#### For Manchurian Sauce

  * ▢ 2 tablespoons sesame oil
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon minced ginger-garlic OR ginger garlic paste
  * ▢ 1/2 cup celery chopped
  * ▢ 1/4 cup caspicum chopped
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons soy sauce soya sauce
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon red chili sauce
  * ▢ 1/2 tablespoon tomato ketchup
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon vinegar rice or apple cider
  * ▢ 1/2 teaspoon black pepper
  * ▢ Salt
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon corn starch mixed in 1/2 cup water
  * ▢ 1 cup Water
  * ▢ 1/2 cup spring onion greens
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons sesame seeds optional,

### Instructions



#### For making veg balls

  * Rinse and wipe the vegetables well without any moisture. If you are using a food processor, peel the carrots and cut them into half. Halve or quarter the bell peppers and cut cabbage into big pieces. Dump everything in the food processor bowl.

  * Process for few seconds or until the veggies are minced well. If using a knife, chop them as finely as seen here.

  * Add the chopped veggies to a large bowl. In the meanwhile heat oil for deep frying. Now to the chopped veggies, add all purpose flour, corn flour, 1/2 tsp black pepper, 1/4 tsp red chilli flakes, 1/2 tsp salt, minced ginger garlic.

  * Mix very well, as you mix the veggies will leave out some moisture and incorporate that into the flours. Do not add water.

  * Pinch medium lemon sized balls from the mixture and shape into balls.

  * Slide 4-5 manchurian balls into the hot oil.

  * Stir very gently after few seconds and let them fry from all sides.

  * Once crispy and golden brown, remove using a slotted spoon and keep aside.

  * Mix 1 tablespoon corn starch in 1/2 cup cold water without any lumps. Set aside.

#### For making manchurian sauce

  * Now to make the manchurian gravy heat 2 tablespoons oil in a pan. Add minced ginger garlic or ginger garlic paste, red chilli flakes, chopped celery, chopped onions and capsicum, Saute in high heat for a minute.

  * Add the sauces- 2 tablespoons soy sauce 1 tablespoon red chilli sauce, 1 tablespoon vinegar, 2 teaspoons maple syrup or sugar, 1/2 tablespoon tomato ketchup, salt and black pepper.

  * Mix well and cook for a minute. Add the corn flour slurry and mix.

  * Add 1 cup water and mix. Let the sauce bubble and thicken for a minute. Remove from flame. Set aside for 2 minutes.

  * Add the fried vegetable manchurian balls. Toss quickly.

  * Add spring onion greens and sesame seeds.

  * Serve veg manchurian immediately.

### Notes

If you want to avoid deep frying you can steam the veggies,shape the balls and
shallow fry,pan fry or even fry in appam pan,. But do not add water while
making the balls with steamed veggies.

### Nutrition

Serving: 3gCalories: 192kcalCarbohydrates: 18gProtein: 4gFat: 12gSaturated
Fat: 2gSodium: 734mgPotassium: 250mgFiber: 3gSugar: 4gVitamin A: 3868IUVitamin
C: 24mgCalcium: 80mgIron: 2mg

Keyword veg manchurian

Tried this recipe? Snap a pic and share 🙂Mention cookclickndevou or tag
cookclickndevour

840 shares

  * Share14
  * Pin825
  * Yummly
  * Flipboard
  * Twitter

Shared by Harini

#### About Harini

I am Harini. The recipe developer, food photographer and chef behind cook
click n devour. My aim behind this blog is to provide easy, tried and tested
recipes that beginners can cook with confidence. I took keen interest in
cooking and took courses on cooking, baking during teens purely out of
passion. With a decade of cooking experience I am glad to share my recipes and
culinary knowledge with you all here. Stay tuned and happy cooking!  
Harini :)

### Comments

  1. kushi says

May 21, 2015 at 11:30 pm

  
Its very tempting :)Loved it alot

  2. Padma says

May 21, 2019 at 5:47 pm

Pl give Chinese veg Rice receipe

  3. Padma says

May 21, 2019 at 5:49 pm

  
Pl give Chinese veg fried rice receipe. I loved your veg manchurian receipe.
It was excellent. Thank you !

  4. Vimla says

March 25, 2020 at 6:39 pm

  
Very nice sure will try

  5. Jayne says

March 16, 2021 at 7:03 pm

I wonder if air frying the balls would work? These sound delicious, and I’m
going to give it a try. Thank you!

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

#### Hello, I am Harini

The chef, author and photograper of cook click n devour. Here you'll find
tried & tested vegetarian recipes with step by step photos and videos to make
cooking a pleasure and fulfilling experience. Happy cooking!

Read More

#### Popular Recipes

#### As Seen In

AboutContactPrivacy

Copyright ©2022, Cook Click N Devour!!!. All Rights Reserved.

