https://holycowvegan.net/veg-manchurian/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Browse Recipes
    * Latest
    * By Category
  * Indian Vegan Recipes
  * SUBSCRIBE
  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Latest recipes
  * Browse by category
  * Indian Vegan Recipes
  * Subscribe
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

×

Home > Global Vegan Recipes > Vegan Chinese Recipes

# Veg Manchurian

Posted: Mar 5, 2020 · Updated: Mar 25, 2022

Jump to Recipe Pin Recipe

Veg Manchurian is a delicious Indo-Chinese dish made with wisps of vegetables
formed into dumplings and dunked into a sauce with a gorgeous interplay of
hot, sweet, sour and salty flavors. It's a dish you'll be treating yourself to
again and again. Vegan, nut-free and can be gluten-free.

Indo-Chinese food has a long history in India, and one of its most delicious
chapters is doubtlessly the manchurian.

This dish of vegetable dumplings in a glossy, rich-brown sauce with bold notes
of tangy, sweet, spicy and salty is impossible to resist and I can honestly
say I've never met a man, woman or child who could walk away from a plateful.
In fact, if you ask an Indian what his or her favorite Indo-Chinese dish is,
chances are, it would be a Veg Manchurian.

Indo-Chinese cuisine arrived in India long before the country's whole-hearted
embrace of capitalism in the 1990s brought other global cuisines--and American
restaurant chains--knocking at its door. It is said to have originated in
Calcutta in the 19th century, when Chinese immigrants seeking work arrived in
what was at the time the capital of British India.

Hungry for the tastes of home, the immigrants married ingredients familiar to
them--soy sauce, vinegar, noodles, cornstarch--with ingredients of their new
homeland, most notably the spices, taking flavor to a whole new level in a
country where flavor has always been king.

In Indian dishes, sweet, sour, bitter, salty and pungent are usually balanced
to merge into a common deliciousness and richness without drawing attention to
their individual selves. Not so with Indo-Chinese cuisine. You could taste the
salty, the sweet, the spicy and the tangy in each dish. And they did such a
happy dance on your tongue that you not only didn't mind, you wanted more. And
more.

In India, growing up, this was the only international cuisine most of us were
familiar with --this and the food served at Irani restaurants, run by Persian
immigrants. In Bombay, Indo-Chinese restaurants were easy to find and
extremely popular--their richly flavored sauces, soups, fried rice and
noodles, with little bowls of soy sauce and chili-spiked vinegar on the side,
offered a touch of the exotic.

In time, Indo-Chinese cuisine also became an Indian street food stalwart. You
could order a plate and watch as the vendor flopped ingredients into a large
wok and stirred up the magic right in front of your eyes. And it was so
delicious, Indian expatriates took it with them around the globe. You can now
find Indo-Chinese restaurants in nearly any community in the U.S. or around
the world where there are large numbers of Indians, including here in suburban
D.C.

If you're unfamiliar with Indo-Chinese cuisine, don't expect your usual
Chinese takeout food at these restaurants. Instead, open up your tastebuds to
a whole new adventure that'll doubtlessly leave you with a happy smile and
tummy.

Or, cook up your own Indo-Chinese food, beginning with this Veg Manchurian.

Table of Contents

  * Tips for making the best Veg Manchurian recipe:
  * What do I serve with the Veg Manchurian?
  * More vegan Indo-Chinese recipes
  * Veg Manchurian
    * For the manchurian balls:
    * For the manchurian sauce:
    * Make the manchurian balls:
    * Make the manchurian sauce:

## Tips for making the best Veg Manchurian recipe:

  * When making any kind of Chinese food, including Indo-Chinese, it's imperative to have all your ingredients prepped and on hand. Although I usually like to prep as I cook, I make an exception for Chinese dishes. That's because you cook most Chinese food at really hot temperatures, on a scorching-hot stove in a screaming-hot wok. If you haven't prepped your ingredients beforehand, you could end up with burnt food.
  * You can mix and match veggies for the manchurian, but don't use vegetables that can get too watery, like zucchini. Cabbage is usually the leading vegetable in the manchurian balls, with carrots, green beans, bell peppers and even cauliflower added to the mix. I use cabbage, carrots and green bell peppers, which gives me the best results, and my recipe is tailored to these veggies.
  * You need to be ready to start shaping and frying the manchurian balls as soon as you add the flour to the veggies and mix it. The longer the veggies sit, the more water they could express, and you'll need to add more flour which could result in doughy manchurian balls.
  * The manchurian balls are quite simply seasoned with aromatics like onions, garlic and ginger. They are flavorful but not overly so. That fantastic deep-gold-brown sauce is going to seep through them and soak them with more delicious flavor than you can ask for.
  * The balls should be about ¾ths of an inch in diameter, and flatten them a little before you fry them. They will plump up once you add them to the sauce.
  * You will need to deep-fry the manchurian balls, but don't panic. If you fry them with the oil heated to 350 degrees, they won't absorb much oil at all. You can bake the manchurian balls or even air-fry them or shallow-fry them in an abelskiver pan, but honestly, don't. Just eat in moderation and experience them as they are meant to be eaten. A little goes a long way with this dish.
  * For the sauce, you need a mix of sauces that may make no sense at first but will make all the sense when it all comes together. There's tamari (or soy sauce is fine), ketchup, chili sauce, rice vinegar (or apple cider vinegar) and maple syrup, all adding layers of flavor and complexity. The maple syrup might not be a traditional ingredient, but I like the sweetness it adds to balance the flavors, and it makes the dish really, really kid-friendly--ask Jay, who polishes up half this recipe by himself each time I make it. I even add a bit of mushroom stock to the recipe when I have it on hand for more umami.
  * I have in the recipe the proportions of the sauces I use in this dish, but they are not written in stone. You might want to tweak them slightly to your taste. If you think a little more depth and saltiness is needed, add some more tamari. If you want more tang, add another splosh of the vinegar. Go with your tastebuds and let them lead you into a delightful adventure.
  * This recipe makes a ton of manchurian--enough to feed an army. I do this because no one here can have enough of it. But if you are feeding a smaller group of people, halve the recipe by all means. Use the recipe slider to adjust the proportions of ingredients (place the cursor over the number of servings to see the slider).

## What do I serve with the Veg Manchurian?

The perfect pairing for a Veg Manchurian is, hands-down, Veg Fried Rice, also
made in the Indo-Chinese way. I will have that recipe for you tomorrow, so
stay tuned.

You can also try this Indo-Chinese Garlic Fried Rice with the Manchurian.

## More vegan Indo-Chinese recipes

  * Chilli Tofu
  * "Egg" Fried Rice
  * Vegan Crack Chilli Tofu Noodle Bowl
  * Veg Hakka Noodles

## Veg Manchurian

Veg Manchurian is a delicious Indo-Chinese dish made with wisps of vegetables
formed into dumplings and dunked into a sauce with a gorgeous interplay of
hot, sweet, sour and salty flavors. It's a dish you'll be treating yourself to
again and again. Vegan, nut-free and can be gluten-free.

5 from 26 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe Review Recipe

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Indo-Chinese

Diet: Gluten Free, Vegan, Vegetarian

Keyword: Veg Manchurian

Prep Time: 25 mins

Cook Time: 15 mins

Total Time: 40 mins

Servings: 8 servings

Calories: 205kcal

Author: Vaishali · Holy Cow! Vegan Recipes

### Equipment

  * Wok

### Ingredients

#### For the manchurian balls:

  * ▢ ½ head cabbage (green or purple both are fine, I used purple)
  * ▢ 2 medium carrots
  * ▢ 1 medium onion
  * ▢ 1 medium green bell pepper
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon ginger garlic paste
  * ▢ 2-3 green chili peppers (like serrano. Finely minced. Use more or less based on your heat preference. Deseed for less heat)
  * ▢ Salt to taste
  * ▢ ½ cup unbleached all purpose flour (use rice flour if gluten-free)
  * ▢ ¼ cup corn starch (or tapioca starch)
  * ▢ Vegetable oil (for frying)

#### For the manchurian sauce:

  * ▢ 1 tablespoon vegetable oil
  * ▢ 12 cloves garlic (finely chopped)
  * ▢ 2 green chili peppers (like serrano, minced)
  * ▢ 1 small green bell pepper (cut into large, ¾th inch cubes)
  * ▢ 1 small onion (cut into large, ¾th inch cubes and petals separated)
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon tomato ketchup
  * ▢ 1-2 tablespoon hot chili sauce (use more or less based on your preference)
  * ▢ 2-4 tablespoon tamari (or soy sauce)
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon rice vinegar (or apple cider vinegar)
  * ▢ 3-4 tablespoon maple syrup
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon powdered ginger
  * ▢ 4 cups vegetable stock
  * ▢ Salt to taste
  * ▢ 4 tablespoon corn starch (tapioca starch works as well)
  * ▢ 2 scallions (finely chopped)

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Instructions

#### Make the manchurian balls:

  * Heat oil for frying in a wok or fryer.

  * Grate all of the veggies, including the onion, with a grater or better, in a food processor.

  * Place the veggies and the rest of the ingredients in the bowl and mix until a ball formed with the veggies holds together. You don't want the balls to be doughy, but if absolutely necessary, add a little more flour if needed to bind.

  * Shape the mixture into ¾-inch balls (you should get about 32) and flatten each slightly before adding to the hot oil. You can fry several at a time but don't overcrowd the pan.

  * Turn the manchurian balls over as needed so they are golden-brown on both sides. Remove them to a dish lined with paper towels and set aside.

#### Make the manchurian sauce:

  * To make the sauce, place the wok on high heat and when it is very hot, pour the oil in along the sides of the pan.

  * Add the garlic and stir-fry for just 10 seconds or so, then immediately add in the bell peppers and onion. Saute just a minute, then add the sauces one by one in the center of the wok--the ketchup, tamari, chili sauce, vinegar, maple syrup and powdered ginger. Mix together quickly and then add four cups of water to the wok. Bring to a boil and taste the sauce. If needed, add salt.

  * Mix the cornstarch with 4 tablespoon water and add a little at a time until the sauce thickens. You don't have to use all of it--stop when the sauce is thick enough for your liking. Cook the sauce until it comes to a boil and becomes glossy, 2-4 minutes. Add the manchurian balls. Turn off heat and season with scallions before serving.

  * Serve with fried rice.

### Nutrition

Calories: 205kcal | Carbohydrates: 29g | Protein: 3g | Fat: 9g | Saturated
Fat: 7g | Sodium: 787mg | Potassium: 266mg | Fiber: 3g | Sugar: 10g | Vitamin
A: 2965IU | Vitamin C: 43mg | Calcium: 48mg | Iron: 1mg

Tried this recipe?Please leave a comment and recipe rating below!

Follow Holy Cow Vegan on Instagram

« Vegan Lentil and Quinoa Steak

Veg Fried Rice »

  *   *   *   * 

#### About Vaishali

 _  
Hi! I'm Vaishali, a journalist turned food blogger. At Holy Cow Vegan I share
easy, tasty recipes made with clean, wholesome ingredients that the entire
family can enjoy.

Leave this field empty if you're human:

### Try these recipes next

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. p

January 19, 2022 at 6:32 am

  
can you use an air fryer to cook the balls? Thanks for your help 🙂

Reply

    * Vaishali

January 19, 2022 at 9:01 am

Yes. Make sure the manchurian balls hold together firmly before putting in the
air fryer. Add more flour if needed.

Reply

  2. Mary in Maryland

April 12, 2021 at 12:01 pm

Could you tell me the names of Indo-Chinese restaurants on the Maryland side
of DC?

Reply

    * Vaishali

April 12, 2021 at 12:26 pm

There isn't a huge choice, unfortunately, in our area, but there are a few,
like Indochine Express on New Hampshire avenue although most of their
offerings tend to be more Chinese than Indo-Chinese. Some Indian restaurants
have good Indo-Chinese offerings on their menu, one of them being Jewel of
India which is in the Hillandale Mall just off New Hampshire aveune. There's
also Masala Wok in the Virginia suburbs. If other readers know of good Indo-
Chinese restaurants in this area I'd love to hear too!

Reply

  3. Helen

February 09, 2021 at 6:32 am

  
Hi,  
Do you have to deep fry the balls or could they be cooked in the oven?

Reply

    * Alain Boutet

August 11, 2021 at 2:37 am

you have to deep fry for that authentic flavour, i dont think the oven would
allow it to be as delicious as deep frying

Reply

      * Raju

November 08, 2021 at 7:03 pm

Is this a vegan dish? Use of oil will make it non vegan is what I thought

Reply

        * Vaishali

November 08, 2021 at 8:17 pm

A vegan diet eschews animal foods. Vegetable oil is not derived from animals.

Reply

  4. Hardesh kumar romlay

January 06, 2021 at 7:21 pm

  
Its easy and tasty method you told, i made this dish really its awsome taste,
thank you

Reply

    * Vaishali

January 06, 2021 at 8:45 pm

So happy to hear! 🙂

Reply

  5. barbie

November 22, 2020 at 6:52 am

  
Thank you so much mam for this amazing recipe. I have tried it and everyone
appreciated me for this tasty dish.

Reply

    * Vaishali

November 22, 2020 at 7:49 pm

So great to hear!

Reply

  6. Nikita

July 02, 2020 at 9:44 am

  
Hi, what chilli sauce do you use? the green one or a chilli garlic red one?

Reply

    * Vaishali

July 27, 2020 at 10:17 pm

The red one!

Reply

  7. Aaron

July 02, 2020 at 7:28 am

12 cloves of garlic sounds like heeeeeeaps to put in the sauce, is that the
correct amount?

Reply

    * Vaishali

July 02, 2020 at 10:18 am

Yes.

Reply

      * Anonymous

October 29, 2020 at 5:23 pm

You didnt mentioned at what point we need to put the fried veggies ball into
the sauce!!!!

Reply

        * Vaishali

October 29, 2020 at 5:29 pm

End of step 3!

Reply

  8. Supriya Kumar

June 25, 2020 at 5:14 pm

Hi!

Is the 4 cups of water added during the sauce processs the veggie stock? I
want to make this but don’t want to mess up!

Reply

  9. Sriram

June 12, 2020 at 8:46 am

  
Hi Vaishali,

I would like to make approx 60 balls of this recipe. How many servings do you
think I should consider?

Thanks,  
Sriram Ghandikota

Reply

    * Vaishali

June 12, 2020 at 1:04 pm

Since this makes 32 balls approx, I'd double the recipe for 60.

Reply

  10. Vidhi A kapoor

May 23, 2020 at 11:14 am

  
This was an amazing recipe. I tried to find you on Instagram but couldn't. I
can't post photos here but thanks for this.

Reply

    * Vaishali

May 30, 2020 at 10:45 am

So happy you enjoyed it!  
I'm on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/holycowvegan/

Reply

  11. Deeksha

May 12, 2020 at 7:36 am

  
Look Soo Delicious. Thank you so much for this recipe.

Reply

  12. Niru

April 17, 2020 at 2:05 pm

  
This was SO awesome!!!! Perfect recipe and hit the spot for an indo-chinese
craving. Thank you for this recipe, we will be making it again.

Reply

    * Vaishali

May 30, 2020 at 10:46 am

So happy to hear!

Reply

  13. Julia

March 08, 2020 at 9:50 pm

  
I made this and it was really good! It made 50 balls, and needed more flour
(1/2 cup more) - i guess my Green cabbage was bigger than expected. I made it
with the Garlic Fried Rice, since my husband doesn’t favor heat, I left all
the spicy things out of this, but put sriracha on my own plate. With the fried
rice it took over 2 hours to make, (fried the balls 6 in a batch) but I’d say
it was WORTH IT! Very tasty, came together well. I think the Veg Manchurian
would be good even with white rice. Thank you!

Reply

    * Vaishali

March 10, 2020 at 9:42 am

Hi Julia, so happy you made it! ❤️❤️

Reply

  14. Kate

March 06, 2020 at 5:33 am

Hi Vaishali this looks and sounds amazing and I want to make it ASAP! Could
you please check the instructions? Looking at the bit for the Manchurian balls
it says "Grate all of the veggies, including the onion" - but there is no
onion in the list. Thanks so much!

Reply

    * Vaishali

March 06, 2020 at 11:52 am

Hi Kate, added--you need one onion. Thanks!

Reply

  15. Radhika

March 05, 2020 at 6:09 pm

Hi Vaishali  
Always a pleasure to read your recipes- bring back all my memories of Mumbai
where I grew up.

Happy Cooking always...

Reply

    * Vaishali

March 10, 2020 at 9:41 am

Nice to hear that, Radhika. Bombay is never too far from my heart either. ❤️

Reply

  16. Blog Reader

March 05, 2020 at 5:08 pm

Vaishali,  
You are just amazing. Keep up the great work!  
Fellow Marathi manus from Mumbai 🙂

Reply

    * Vaishali

March 10, 2020 at 9:40 am

Thank you!

Reply

### Leave a comment: Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name

Email

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi, I'm Vaishali!** I cook, eat and share easy, tasty and nutritious plant-
based recipes from my Washington, D.C. kitchen, but I never fight a craving
for samosas or French fries.

More about me →

  *   *   *   *   * 

## Trending recipes

  * Cheesy Vegan Cauliflower Pasta Bake

  * Vegan Picadillo Tacos

  * Vegan Zucchini Pasta

  * Chickpea Rice

  * Vegan Mushroom Stroganoff

  * Mexican Tofu with Apricots, Chipotle and Tamarind

## Recipes to make now

  * Vegan Bean and Oats Burger

  * Spicy Vegan Black Bean Burgers

  * Grilled Corn Salad

  * Vegan Corn Fritters

  * Easy Pan Roasted Zucchini

  * Curry Roasted Eggplant

## How to make

  * Dosa Recipe | How to Make Perfect Dosai at Home

  * Easy Mushroom Stock

  * Sambar Powder (Sambar Masala)

  * Roti recipe. How to make the softest Roti/Chapati (step by step with video)

  * Healthy Whole Wheat Vegan Puff Pastry (1/2 the fat)

  * Easy Indian Curry Paste for Restaurant-Style Dishes

  * Vegan Mayo

  * How to Make Curry Powder

## Footer

* * *

## ABOUT HOLYCOWVEGAN

All Recipes  
Recipe Videos  
About Vaishali  
Privacy Policy

## VEGAN INDIAN RECIPES

Vegan Dal or Dahl Recipes  
Vegan Curry Recipes  
Indian Vegan Desserts

## VEGAN BAKING RECIPES

Vegan Bread Recipes  
Vegan Sourdough Recipes  
Vegan Cake Recipes  
Vegan Pie Recipes  
Vegan Cookie Recipes

* * *

As an Amazon associate I earn from qualifying purchases. Please read my full
disclosure here.

© 2022 Holy Cow Vegan

## Sharing is Caring

Help spread the word. You're awesome for doing it!

