https://www.cult.fit/live/recipe/healthy-manchurian/RECIPE631


##### FITNESS

##### CARE

##### MIND

##### STORE

GET APP

  1. Home >
  2. Live >
  3. Recipe >
  4. Healthy Manchurian

# Healthy Manchurian

Time35 Min

DifficultyIntermediate

Serves2

Vegetable Manchurian is one of the most popular and loved Indo-Chinese dishes.
If you love the unique flavour and taste of this semi-Chinese flavour with
subtle Indian flavours, you can make healthy Manchurian at home. Prepare this
dish as per detailed recipe and enjoy the dual advantages of enjoying healthy
and delectable food. Healthy Manchurian Calories per serving are 205 calories.
It has a l ... ot of veggies and sauces that bring out its unmistakable
Chinese flavour. Not to forget spring onions that add to the taste and
presentation of the dish. Whether you are cooking it for your friends or
family or making it to be served at a party, this dish is just perfect. Most
of the ingredients that are used in this recipe are readily available in home
kitchens. Ensure picking up freshest veggies to add to this dish so that you
can enjoy its amazing taste and flavour. Cook this amazing healthy Manchurian
at any time of the day or whenever you crave for a Chinese dish. Serve it with
spicy noodles, chop suey, or vegetable fried rice. Kids also love enjoying
this dish. Before setting out to make it, check the Healthy Manchurian
description thoroughly and make it exactly as per the details shared.

READ MORE

Nutrition Info. (per serving)

ProteinFatCarbsFibre205 Cal205 Cal205 Cal205 Cal

  * 6gProtein

  * 6gFat

  * 30gCarbs

  * 10gFibre

## Ingredients

### Dry Grocery

Refined Oil

2 teaspoons

Salt

1 teaspoon

Dark Soy Sauce

2 teaspoons

Sesame White (til)

0.5 teaspoons

Atta

0.25 cups

Corn Flour

1 tablespoon

Jaggery

1 teaspoon

Synthetic/white Vinegar

2 teaspoons

Red Dry Chilli Bydagi

10 units

### Fruits & Vegetables

Onion

1 unit

Ginger

2 teaspoons

Capsicum Green-regular

1 unit

Carrot-regular

1 unit

Spring Onion

10 g

### Vegetable Local

Cauliflower

0.5 cups

### Other

Pepper

1 teaspoon

Garlic

5 pieces

Lemon Juice

1 teaspoon

Green Chillies

1 unit

Green Cabbage

0.5 cups

Water

2 cups

Directions

1

In a mixing bowl add chopped cabbage, grated carrot, and cauliflower, half the
quantity of chopped onion, chopped spring onion, chopped ginger, chopped
garlic, chopped green chilli along with salt, pepper and water. Add half the
quantity of cornflour. Then add atta and oil. Mix well.

2

Once the mixture is made, place it in a fine sieve to strain the excess water.

3

Once the excess water is drained, make small balls and place them in a baking
tray. Bake it in a preheated oven at 180 degrees C for 15 minutes. Cook it
till has a golden crust and set aside.

4

Soak the dry red chilli in warm water for 15 minutes. Drain the water and make
a fine paste.

5

Heat oil in a wok or pan and add the remaining chopped garlic and ginger along
with chopped green chili. Saute well. Add chopped onion and capsicum. Toss it
well. Add the chili paste. Now add vinegar, soy sauce and cook it well. Then
add water and simmer it for 3-4 minutes.

6

Dissolve the remaining cornflour in a little water to make a thick solution
(slurry). Add jaggery powder, salt, and pepper to the simmering gravy. Finish
it with the cornflour slurry and cook for another minute. Gravy should be
slightly thick. Set aside

7

Put the Manchurian balls in a pan and add the sauce. Add lemon juice and toss
it well. Check seasoning.

8

Garnish with the remaining chopped spring onion and sesame seeds. Serve hot.

Healthy Manchurian Benefits and Its Lip-Smacking Taste

When planning to awe everyone with your amazing culinary prowess, ensure that
the recipe is properly followed. This way, you will not only enjoy its
unmistakable taste but also amazing benefits. Here are a few healthy
Manchurian benefits that can be enjoyed with this recipe- It has a lot of
carbs that give an instant boost of energy. It has a lot of vegetables that
meet the bodyâ€™s various nutritional needs. It has fibre that helps keep the
digestive system smoother. It has proteins that are the building blocks of our
body. It has little fat that is necessary for smoother body organ functions.
If you are trying to make this recipe for the first time, it is prudent to
watch Healthy Manchurian Video. It has clearly articulated steps and
instructions that are easy to understand. Once you understand how to make
Healthy Manchurian, you can prepare this recipe at any time for your friends
or family with complete confidence.

READ MORE

## Success!

#### We hope you had fun making it! Enjoy the meal.

Healthy Manchurian

Vegetable Manchurian is the most famous Indo-Chinese dish that many people
love. If you have a sweet tooth for unique flavour and taste of semi-Chinese
flavour with slight Indian flavours, you can cook veg Manchurian at home.
Follow the Manchurian recipe given below to enjoy the dual benefits of healthy
and delectable food. The dish provides 205 calories at every serving. The
Manchurian recipe contains a lot of veggies and sauces to bring out its
Chinese flavour. Spring onions are added to the taste and to garnish the
vegetable Manchurian. You can serve this dish anywhere, be it your family or
friends or even at a party. Most of the ingredients used in the veg Manchurian
recipes are easily available in everyone's kitchen. Make sure to use the fresh
vegetables to add to the recipe to enjoy its flavour and amazing taste. Cook
this fabulous healthy veg Manchurian anytime or whenever you want to have a
Chinese dish. Serve Manchurian with fried rice, Hakka noodles, Schezwan
noodles, or Manchow soup. The veg Manchurian recipe is given below in a
detailed manner to make it easy for you to cook. Ingredients for veg
Manchurian: Salt Refined oil Sesame white(til) Dark Soy Sauce Corn Flour Atta
White vinegar Red chilly Byadagi Jaggery Carrot-regular Onion Capsicum Green-
regular Ginger Cauliflower Spring Onion Green Chillies Pepper Lemon Juice
Garlic Once you are ready with the ingredients, all you need to know is how to
make Manchurian? The recipe given below elaborates on how to make veg
Manchurian? If you follow the step-by-step process carefully, you will easily
answer how to make Manchurian at home.

Directions to make Veg Manchurian:

Add chopped cabbage, grated carrot, cauliflower, chopped spring onion, chopped
green chilli, chopped ginger, half the quantity of chopped onion, chopped
garlic, salt, water, and pepper into a bowl. Add 1/2 tablespoon cornflour, 1/4
cup atta, and oil to it and mix them well. Once you are ready with the
mixture, put it into a fine sieve that will remove the excess water. Once
excess water is removed, make small Manchurian balls and put them in a baking
tray. Bake these balls in a preheated oven at 180 degrees for around 15
minutes. You have to cook them till you can see a golden crust. Now for the
Manchurian gravy recipe, soak dry red chilly in hot water for fifteen minutes.
Drain the water and make the paste of red chillies. Heat oil in a pan and add
the rest chopped garlic, ginger, and chopped green chilli. Saute them well.
Add capsicum and chopped onions to the pan. Toss them properly. Now's the time
to add vinegar and soy sauce. After that, add water and let it simmer for 3-4
minutes. Mix the rest cornflour in a little water to make a thick solution.
Add salt, pepper, and jaggery powder to the simmering gravy. Finally, add
cornflour solution and let it cook for another minute. Keep in mind that the
gravy should be a little bit thick. Place the cabbage Manchurian balls in a
pan and add the veg Manchurian gravy. Add lemon juice to it and mix it well.
Garnish the dish with sesame seeds and remaining chopped spring onion.

Benefits of healthy Manchurian

When you are trying to impress people with your cooking skills, follow the
Manchurian recipe instructions properly. Through this, you will enjoy not only
its delicious taste but also its health benefits. Here are some healthy
Manchurian recipe benefits- It has many carbohydrates that can provide instant
energy to the body. It contains a lot of vegetables which are essential for
the body's nutritional demands. It contains fibres that help to keep your
digestive system healthy. It has proteins that are essential for muscle
growth. It has a little bit of fate which is important for smoother body
functions.

Different Manchurian recipes to satiate the taste buds of your family and
friends

Gobi Manchurian: It is the most popular snack in India that is also a part of
the Indo-Chinese flavour. It is very easy to prepare Gobi Manchurian as it
gets ready in just half an hour. People will love its crispy texture when you
serve it. The important thing to note is that it has several health benefits
too. It is a perfect combination of delicious taste and health benefits. Since
it is made with cauliflower, it has numerous benefits like it improves
digestion, helps with a robust immune system, etc. Fried Rice: Fried rice is a
popular dish in India. It is made with a lot of crunchy vegetables and rice
making it a favorite dish for people. The interesting thing about this
Manchurian recipe is that they can go with various dishes like Manchurian,
chilli tofu, chilly paneer, etc. It contains 468 calories making it a proper
meal itself. They are very easy to make as they get cooked in just 10 minutes.
The perfect mixture of vinegar's sharpness and soy sauce's saltiness brings an
interesting taste to the dish. Hakka Noodles: Hakka noodles can fit at any
time of day. Be it breakfast, lunch, or even dinner. The silky soft noodles,
along with colourful vegetables and light and spicy sauce, make this dish
delicious. It serves 500 calories at one serving, making it a proper meal in
itself. Veg Hakka noodles can go with multiple dishes like chilly paneer, Gobi
Manchurian, sweet and sour vegetables, etc. It takes 25 minutes to prepare
Hakka noodles, making it an easy-to-cook dish. Schezwan Noodles: One of
India's most popular dishes, belonging to Indo-Chinese cuisine, is Schezwan
noodles. It has Indian flavour added to it through red dry chilli and Schezwan
peppercorn along with jaggery. It has a unique taste because of the
combinations of various flavours. It contains a lot of vegetables which brings
a lot of health benefits along with them. It consists of 29g protein, making
it a high nutritional diet. It provides 837 calories in one serving, making it
a proper meal in itself. Manchow Soup: This soup filled with the aroma is made
by adapting Chinese cooking techniques and seasoning but added with an Indian
flavour twist. This soup goes perfectly with Hakka noodles or fried rice. It
is a popular quick meal that is available all across the country. The
ingredients used in Manchow soup are easily available in the kitchen, and it
takes very little time to prepare it. The benefit of this soup is that it
helps in weight loss.

Top Searches

Fitness

Cardio Exercise | HIIT Workout | Lean Muscle | Lean Body | Weight Loss Workout
| Six Pack Abs | Exercise To Reduce Belly Fat | Hrx Training | Personal
Trainer | Stamina Increase Exercise | Online Yoga Classes | How To Do Splits |
Exercise For Beginners | Dumbbell Workouts | Pilates Exercise | Walk Exercise
| Pistol Squats | Oblique Exercises | Full Body Dumbbell Workouts | Back
Exercises | Strength Training | Mobility Exercises | Fat Burning Exercises |
Thigh Exercises | Abs Workout | Arms Workout | Chest Workouts | Butt Exercises
| Core Exercises

Mindfulness

Yoga Asanas | Yoga For Weight Loss | Kids Yoga | Surya Namaskar | Online Yoga
Classes | Yoga For Beginners | Yoga Nidra | Music Meditation | Pranayam |
Bedtime Stories | Bedtime Stories For Kids | Mindfulness Meditation |
Meditation in Hindi | Sleep Meditation | Meditation

Online Doctor Consultation & Diagnostic Tests

Dentist Near Me | Gynaecologist Near Me | Dermatologist Near Me |
Endocrinologist Near Me | Pulmonologist Near Me | Cardiologist Near Me |
Orthopedist Doctor Near Me | Thyroid Test | Pregnancy Test | Full Body Checkup
| Kidney Function Test | Lipid Profile Test | Therapist Near Me | Online
Counselling | Physiotherapist Near Me

Healthy Recipes

Dalgona Coffee | Chocolate Cake | Donut | Samosa | Mayonnaise | Dhokla |
Sprouts | Rasgulla | Spaghetti | Paneer Tikka | Manchurian | Palak Paneer |
Chilli Paneer | Daal Makhani | Missi Roti | Vada Pav | Chapati | Chocolate
Cupcake | Kaju Katli | Garam Masala

Types of Gyms by Cult.fit

Swimming Pools Near Me | Outdoor Gyms | Football Training Near Me | Zumba
Classes Near Me | Boxing Classes Near Me | Gyms with Personal Trainer

At cult.fit, we make group workouts fun, daily food healthy & tasty, mental
fitness easy with yoga & meditation, Medical & lifestyle care hassle-
free.#BeBetterEveryDay

cult.fit for business

cult.fit franchise

corporate partnerships

cult pass network

t&c for business

partner.fit

blogs

security

careers

contact us

privacy policy

cult bmi calculator

terms & conditions

Related Searches

Roast Chicken

Turkish Eggs

Rosemary Chicken

Vegan Frittata

Crispy Sesame Tofu & Broccoli

Healthy Manchurian

Stuffed Chicken Bao

Tofu Whole Wheat Bao

Baked Onion Rings

Asian Chicken Stir Fry

Paneer Keto Meal

Chipotle Baked Chicken

Stir Fried Veg Chilli Basil

Momo Chicken Basil

Caribbean Chicken Chilli

Coffee Cumin Chicken

Mexican Tossed Vegetable

Chicken Peanut Curry

Stuffed Bell Peppers

Schezwan Potato Wedges

Hara Bhara Kebab

Corn Cutlet

Egg Pepper Fry

Chilli Babycorn

Rawa Idli

Idli Chat

Moong Daal Kachori

Chicken Schezwan Momos

Chilli Paneer

Poha Cutlet

Baked Bhakarwadi

Masala Idli

Veg Cutlet

Zesty Paneer

Gluten Free Seed Cracker

Gobi Manchurian

Eggless Omelette

Quick Mug Dhokla

Daal Ke Kabab

Chicken Nuggets

Baked Chilli Patato

No-Fry-Vada

Fluffy Omellete

Baked Potato Chips

Dahi Ke Kabab

Breakfast Egg Muffin

Veg Frankie

Healthy Recipe

Baked Samosa

Baked Dahi Vada

Not-Fried Pakoras

Aloo Tikki Chaat

How To Make Sprouts

How To Make Paneer

Paneer Tikka Masala

Chicken Fried Rice

Neer Dosa

Double Ka Meetha

Sabudana Kheer

Badam Milk

Home Workouts

