https://thecozycook.com/crispy-crab-rangoons/


Skip to Main Content

Mobile Menu Trigger

__

Mobile Search Trigger

  * The Cozy Cookbook!
  * Free Meal Plan
  * My Kitchen Essentials
  * Hi, I’m Stephanie!
  * Recipe Index
  * Recipes by Ingredient
    * Bacon
    * Beef
    * Chicken
    * Ham
    * Pork
    * Potatoes
    * Sausage
    * Shrimp
    * Turkey
    * More
  * Recipes by Course
    * Appetizers + Snacks
    * Breakfast
    * Dessert
    * Dinner
    * Salad
    * Side Dishes
    * Soup
    * More

##### Follow Me!

 __________

__

  * Browse Recipes
    * by Category
      * 30 Minute Meals
      * Casseroles
      * Christmas
      * Copycat Recipes
      * Crock Pot
      * Dips
      * Easter
      * Easy Dinner Recipes
      * Freezer Food
      * Healthy
      * Instant Pot
      * Make Ahead Recipes
      * Our Favorite Recipes
      * One Pot
      * Pantry Staples
      * Pasta
      * Popular
      * Roasted Vegetables
      * Summer Recipes
      * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * by Course
      * Appetizers + Snacks
      * Breakfast
      * Dessert
      * Dinner
      * Salad
      * Side Dishes
      * Soup
    * by Ingredient
      * Bacon
      * Beef
      * Chicken
      * Ham
      * Pork
      * Potatoes
      * Sausage
      * Shrimp
      * Turkey
    * Browse the Recipe Index
  * About
  * Cookbook
  * Free Meal Plan

* __ __ __ __
* Search

The Cozy Cookbook is here! Order Now!

Home » Appetizers + Snacks » Crab Rangoon Recipe

# Crab Rangoon Recipe

_by_ Stephanie _on_ December 28, 2021 __  79 *This post may contain affiliate
links. Read more »

Jump to Recipe Comment Print

_This easy **Crab Rangoon** recipe can be **baked** , **fried,** or **air
fried.** You can even make it ahead of time!  This easy appetizer idea is
perfect for feeding a crowd._

Be sure to try my SWEET Cream Cheese Wontons and my Crab Rangoon Dip recipes
next!

## Crab Rangoon

This is definitely one of my favorite **appetizer recipes**, but I usually
forget about until the New Year rolls around! Thank goodness for a yearly
reminder. 😊

The ingredients are simple, you can prepare these ahead of time, and if you'd
rather, you can even make it in **dip form!**

_Let 's get to it!_

##

## How to Fold Crab Rangoon

There are lots of ways to fold wontons, this method is my preferred way!

#### Cover any wonton wrappers that you're not actively folding with a dish
towel as they dry out quickly.

#### Place 1 tsp of filling in the middle of each one.

#### Dip your fingers in egg wash and moisten the edges all around the wonton
to create a sticky surface.

#### Fold one of the corners up and connect it with the other corner to form a
triangle.

#### Press to stick together.

#### Connect the left and right corners to the top and press the edges to seal
out all of the air.

#### Repeat for all wontons.

#### Fry or bake, and serve with sweet and sour sauce!

## Where to Find Wonton Wrappers

These are usually located in the **refrigerated area of the produce section**
where they have tofu, egg roll wrappers, and refrigerated salad dressings.

## Filling Ideas for Wontons

My _**sweet** _Cream Cheese Wonton recipe proves that sweet combinations are
just as delicious as savory ones! Here are some filling options to get
creative with for this recipe:

  * Cream Cheese + Nutella
  * Cream Cheese +  Diced Pineapple
  * Strawberry Cream Cheese  **or  **blueberry jelly + cream cheese
  * Cream Cheese + Powdered Sugar + Orange Marmalade
  * Cream Cheese + Garlic Powder + Onion Powder + Cheddar Cheese (A savory option)

## Make-Ahead Method

Once they're folded, simply place uncooked Crab Rangoon onto a baking pan or
plate, **flash freeze them for an hour,** then slide them into a freezer bag
or Tupperware container. This allows them to be stored together without
sticking to one another.

**When ready to serve:** Remove them from the freezer, let let them thaw for a
few minutes, then simply fry or bake. Poof! Homemade Crab Rangoon whenever you
feel like it.

## Storage

### Refrigerating:

Wonton wrappers dry out very quickly unless they have been cooked, so only
store them in the fridge if you have already baked/fried them.

### Freezing:

#### Before Cooking: (Recommended)

  * Place the filled & folded wontons on a plate or tray and flash freeze them for about 15 minutes. They can then be stored in a freezer bag or airtight container without sticking to each other.
  * These can be fried in their frozen state. To bake them, let them sit at room temperature for about 10 minutes, then or baked at 375 degrees for 10-12 minutes.

#### After Cooking:

  * Place the cooked wontons on a plate or tray and flash freeze them for about 15 minutes. They can then be stored in a freezer bag or airtight container without sticking to each other.
  * To reheat, place them on a baking sheet and bake at 300 degrees  for 8-10 minutes.

### Reheating:

To reheat refrigerated Crab Rangoon, place them on a baking sheet and crisp
them up in the oven at 300° for about 5 minutes.

Frozen crab rangoon can also be reheated at 300°. Cover with foil and bake for
5 minutes, then remove the foil and bake until crispy, about 4-5 more minutes.

> ## Tools For This Recipe
>
> _(Amazon affiliate links)- Check out all of my **kitchen essentials here.**_
>
>   * Deep Fryer
>   * Oil Thermometer
>   * Slotted Spoon - _To remove them from the oil_
>

## Try These Next!

     General Tso's Chicken 

     Chow Mein 

     Sweet Cream Cheese Wontons 
  

     Crab Rangoon Dip 

     Chicken Stir Fry 

     Chinese Chicken Fingers 
  



## Get My Free Meal Plan

I've got a **Free Meal Plan** with 7 of my super popular recipes (complete
with grocery list)! Sign up for my email list and I'll send it over now along
with weekly dinner recipes!

And follow me on Facebook, Instagram, and Pinterest!

## Crab Rangoon Recipe

Prep Time: 25 minutes

Cook Time: 15 minutes

Total Time: 40 minutes

5 from 17 ratings

Servings: 25 Crab Rangoon

_Tap or hover to scale_

Print recipe Pin Recipe Leave a Review

Crispy wontons are baked or fried to golden perfection and filled with an easy
cream cheese Crab Rangoon filling. Plus, they're easy to make ahead of time
for seamless entertaining!  

### Ingredients

US Customary \- Metric

#### Filling

  * ▢ 8 oz. cream cheese, softened
  * ▢ 3 oz. fancy crab meat, drained and crumbled
  * ▢ 2 green onions, finely chopped
  * ▢ 1.5 teaspoons minced garlic
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
  * ▢ 1/2 teaspoon soy sauce
  * ▢ 3/4 teaspoon sugar
  * ▢ 1 12 oz. package Wonton wrappers, see notes

#### Other

  * ▢ 1 egg, whisked with a splash of water
  * ▢ 1 quart canola oil

### Instructions

  * Place wonton wrappers aside and combine all other filling ingredients in a medium bowl.

  * Place 1 teaspoon of filling in center of each wonton.

  * Moisten the edges of the wonton with a little bit of the egg/water mixture (i.e. egg wash). Fold in a triangle and press to seal- **removing air from the inside.** Use the egg wash like a glue as you assemble.

  * Take the left and right sides of the triangle and pull them up, attaching them to the existing seal on the top. Then press along the edges to close any areas where the filling could be exposed to air. Here is an alternative folding method. Repeat, setting aside on a plate.

#### To Fry:

  * Deep fryers work great with these, however if you don't have one, heat 2-3 inches of vegetable oil in a dutch oven until it is just under 350 degrees. (I put my electric stove to just under the medium-high mark).

  * You can use an extra wonton wrapper to test the temperature. Place it in the oil and ensure that it doesn’t cook too quickly or burn. Adjust the heat accordingly if needed.

  * Fry 4-5 wontons at a time, each for about 45 seconds to a minute, (or until golden brown).

  * Place them on a plate lined with paper towels to cool.

#### To Bake:

  * Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Spray a baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray and place the sheet in the oven for about 5 minutes. Heating the sheet will ensure that the wontons are nice and crisp on the bottom when they bake.

  * Remove the baking sheet from the oven and place the wontons on top. Coat the wontons with a light layer of nonstick cooking spray.

  * The wontons will need to bake for about 10-12 minutes, however it’s best to start checking on them after 5 minutes. Remove them from the oven when they are crisp and golden brown. Serve warm with sweet-sour sauce or mustard sauce.

#### To Air Fry:

  * Brush each wonton lightly with vegetable or canola oil. Air Fry at 370 degrees for 7-8 minutes, until slightly browned and crispy. Serve!

### Notes

Wonton wrappers are usually located in the **refrigerated area of the produce
section** where they have tofu, egg roll wrappers, and refrigerated salad
dressings.

### Nutrition

Calories: 76kcal, Carbohydrates: 8g, Protein: 2g, Fat: 3g, Saturated Fat: 1g,
Cholesterol: 21mg, Sodium: 134mg, Potassium: 41mg, Vitamin A: 140IU, Vitamin
C: 0.4mg, Calcium: 21mg, Iron: 0.6mg

Did you try this recipe?Mention @TheCozyCook on Instagram or tag #thecozycook!

Course: Appetizer

Cuisine: Chinese

Author: Stephanie



Appetizers + Snacks Copycat Recipes Make Ahead Recipes New Years Recipes
Popular

_posted by_ Stephanie _on_ December 28, 2021 -- 79 Comments »

### Order The Cozy Cookbook!

Easy Recipes. Extra Comfort.

Order your copy today!

_« Previous Post_Ham and Bean Soup (Stove Top, Slow Cooker, or Instant Pot!)

_Next Post »_ _Chicken Tortellini Soup

### Leave a Comment & Rate this Recipe Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Click the Stars to Rate This Recipe Click the Stars to Rate This Recipe  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Current ye@r *

Leave this field empty

###  79 comments on "Crab Rangoon Recipe"

## Comment navigation

Older Comments

  1. **Michelle R** -- July 23, 2022 @ 8:14 pm  Reply

I’ve tried making these one other time ans they were very crabby tasting. I
used the crab from the bag should I try again with the canned crab? Does that
help. I also didn’t use any sugar. So thank you for that suggestion.

    * **Stephanie** -- July 24, 2022 @ 2:58 pm  Reply

Hi Michelle, you can try using it from the can, (that's what I do), and feel
free to use half of what the recipe calls for if you want to be extra safe!

  2. **Patricia Morton** -- May 29, 2022 @ 3:35 pm  Reply

Would like to know if these can be made in advance and frozen prior to cooking
or cooked first then frozen.

    * **Stephanie** -- May 29, 2022 @ 3:57 pm  Reply

You can assemble, freeze, and fry from frozen! Just make sure the oil stays
hot enough as the frozen Rangoons will lower the oil temperature temporarily!

  3. **Lola Stockamp** -- April 15, 2022 @ 1:21 pm  Reply

Would that be regular sugar or powdered suger?

    * **Stephanie** -- April 15, 2022 @ 2:02 pm  Reply

Hi Lola! I use regular sugar! 🙂 (But powdered sugar in my sweet cream cheese
wontons!) Enjoy!

  4. **Maureen** -- March 30, 2022 @ 4:10 pm  Reply

Hello,  
I'd like to try this recipe but I do not have green onions, and I know that
onions will taste so good in the recipe. How many diced onions would you
suggest?  
Thank you!

    * **Stephanie** -- March 30, 2022 @ 4:13 pm  Reply

I would add just a little bit, maybe 2 tablespoons of finely diced onions 🙂

  5. **Emily** -- February 23, 2022 @ 9:39 pm  Reply

This made 51 crab ran-goons. The whole package of wonton wrappers.

  6. **Lynne PEEK-CUNY** -- February 4, 2022 @ 11:56 am  Reply

Im making for family tomorrow as an appitizer. Will one recipe work, or should
I double. Serving 12 people.

    * **Stephanie** -- February 4, 2022 @ 12:11 pm  Reply

Hi Lynne, this makes approximately 25 crab rangoon, if you make one batch
everyone can have two. So your call! 🙂

  7. **Tiffany W.** -- February 1, 2022 @ 4:10 pm  Reply

Just got done trying this recipe and it came out awesome. Will do again!!!

    * **Stephanie** -- February 1, 2022 @ 8:38 pm  Reply

Yayyy! I'm so happy to hear that Tiffany! Thanks so much for the great
review!😍

  8. **Charles** -- January 29, 2022 @ 10:41 am  Reply

So i used this and then decided to be crazy and make it into a lasagna.
Deleted the wontons for lasagna noodles added chopped spinach and it was good!

    * **Stephanie** -- January 29, 2022 @ 6:06 pm  Reply

I'm so glad that you enjoyed it Charles!

    * **T** -- April 7, 2022 @ 1:03 pm  Reply

Ooooohhh That's A Great Idea…I Think We'll Try That!!!

  9. **Noire** -- January 11, 2022 @ 9:42 pm  Reply

I made them but forgot the sugar :((( definitely good but I know they would’ve
had a more authentic taste to them had I added the sugar!!

    * **Stephanie** -- January 12, 2022 @ 9:37 am  Reply

ooooopsie!🤪 It's all good, that's an easy fix for next time! Thanks for taking
the time to comment Noire!

## Comment navigation

Older Comments

### Hi, I’m Stephanie!

My mission is to help busy home cooks create delicious recipes that are
budget-friendly and easy to follow. I will take your home cooking skills to
the next level with my game-changing ingredient combinations and simple
cooking techniques.

More about me »

____ ____ ____ ____ ____

### Order The Cozy Cookbook!

Easy Recipes. Extra Comfort.

Order your copy today!

### Free 7-Recipe Meal Plan

Complete with Grocery List!

### Search The Cozy Cook's Recipes:

__

### Most Popular Posts

### As Seen On…

### What‘s Trending >>>

  * ^ Back to Top
  * Home
  * Hi, I'm Stephanie!
  * Contact Me
  * Privacy Policy
  * Recipe Index
  * ________

(C)2022 The Cozy Cook. Design by Purr.

39303 shares

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

39303 shares

  *   *   * 

