https://thecozycook.com/sweet-cream-cheese-wontons/


Skip to Main Content

Mobile Menu Trigger

__

Mobile Search Trigger

  * The Cozy Cookbook!
  * Free Meal Plan
  * My Kitchen Essentials
  * Hi, I’m Stephanie!
  * Recipe Index
  * Recipes by Ingredient
    * Bacon
    * Beef
    * Chicken
    * Ham
    * Pork
    * Potatoes
    * Sausage
    * Shrimp
    * Turkey
    * More
  * Recipes by Course
    * Appetizers + Snacks
    * Breakfast
    * Dessert
    * Dinner
    * Salad
    * Side Dishes
    * Soup
    * More

##### Follow Me!

 __________

__

  * Browse Recipes
    * by Category
      * 30 Minute Meals
      * Casseroles
      * Christmas
      * Copycat Recipes
      * Crock Pot
      * Dips
      * Easter
      * Easy Dinner Recipes
      * Freezer Food
      * Healthy
      * Instant Pot
      * Make Ahead Recipes
      * Our Favorite Recipes
      * One Pot
      * Pantry Staples
      * Pasta
      * Popular
      * Roasted Vegetables
      * Summer Recipes
      * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * by Course
      * Appetizers + Snacks
      * Breakfast
      * Dessert
      * Dinner
      * Salad
      * Side Dishes
      * Soup
    * by Ingredient
      * Bacon
      * Beef
      * Chicken
      * Ham
      * Pork
      * Potatoes
      * Sausage
      * Shrimp
      * Turkey
    * Browse the Recipe Index
  * About
  * Cookbook
  * Free Meal Plan

* __ __ __ __
* Search

The Cozy Cookbook is here! Order Now!

Home » Appetizers + Snacks » Sweet Cream Cheese Wontons

# Sweet Cream Cheese Wontons

_by_ Stephanie _on_ March 9, 2017   ( _Updated_ March 23, 2021) __  82 *This
post may contain affiliate links. Read more »

Jump to Recipe Jump to Video Comment Print

_These cream cheese wontons can be filled with a sweet or savory filling and
baked in the oven, deep fried, or air fried! Filling ideas include cream
cheese and cherry pie filling, nutella, and more!_

Be sure to try my Crab Rangoon and Crab Rangoon Dip recipes next!

## Sweet Cream Cheese Wontons

I can't take credit for all of the amazing filling ideas for these cream
cheese wontons. I came up with the cream cheese/powdered sugar combo in the
recipe card at the bottom of this post, but _you_ guys really know your
stuffed wontons!

Here are other tried and true combinations:

## Wonton Filling Ideas:

  * Cream Cheese + Nutella
  * Cream Cheese + Diced Pineapple
  * Strawberry Cream Cheese **or** blueberry jelly + cream cheese
  * Cream Cheese + Powdered Sugar + Orange Marmalade
  * Cream Cheese + Garlic Powder + Onion Powder + Cheddar Cheese (A savory option)

## How to Make The Best Cream Cheese Wontons

### Frying Method

( _These instructions are also included in the recipe card below)_

  * Deep fryers work great with these, however if you don't have one, heat about 3 inches of **vegetable oil** in a dutch oven until it is **just under 350** °. 
    * I put my electric stove to just under the medium-high mark. You can also use an oil thermometer.
    * **Use an extra wonton wrapper to test the temperature.** Place it in the oil and ensure that it doesn’t cook too quickly or burn. Adjust the heat accordingly if needed.
  * **Fry 4-5 wontons at a time** , each for about **45-60 seconds** , (or until golden brown).
  * Place them on a plate lined with paper towels to cool.

### Baking Method

( _These instructions are also included in the recipe card below)_

  * **Preheat oven to 375°.**
  * Spray a baking sheet with **nonstick cooking spray** and place the sheet in the oven for about **5 minutes**. Heating the sheet will ensure that the wontons are nice and crisp on the bottom when they bake.
  * Remove the baking sheet from the oven and place the wontons on top. Coat the wontons with a light layer of nonstick cooking spray.
  * The wontons will need to **bake for about 10-12 minutes,** however it’s best to start checking on them after 5 minutes.
  * Remove them from the oven when they are crisp and golden brown.

## Can These Be Refrigerated?

  * Wonton wrappers dry out very quickly unless they have been cooked, so **only store them in the fridge if you have already baked/fried them.**
  * To reheat, place them on a baking sheet and crisp them up in the oven at **300° for 5-10 minutes**.

## Make-Ahead Method

#### Option 1: _(Recommended Method)_

  * Fill and fold the wontons and place them on on a plate or tray. **Flash freeze them for about 15 minutes**.
  * They can then be stored in a freezer bag or airtight container without sticking to each other.
  * These can be **fried as normal in their frozen state.**
  * **To bake them** , let them sit at room temperature for about 10 minutes, then **bake at 375°** for **10-12 minutes**.

#### Option 2:

  * Place the already **cooked wontons** on a plate or tray and **flash freeze them for about 15 minutes.**
  * They can then be stored in a freezer bag or airtight container without sticking to each other.
  * **To reheat** , place them on a baking sheet and bake at **300° for 8-10 minutes.**

####

## How to Fold Wontons

  * If you want to experiment with different shapes, this 56 second YouTube video is a good resource to check out.
  * I keep it simple, I **make a triangle** and fold the left and right sides over towards each other.
  * As long as it’s **sealed tight** and has **no air inside** , you’re good.

## What to Dip Wontons in

  * I like to dip these in sweet and sour sauce. (La Choy is my preferred brand.)
  * Soy sauce is a great option for savory fillings
  * Hoisin sauce mixed with honey and soy sauce is also a great combination.

## Try These Next!

     General Tso's Chicken 

     Chow Mein 

     Crab Rangoon 
  

     Crab Rangoon Dip 

     Chicken Stir Fry 

     Chinese Chicken Fingers 
  



## Get My Free Meal Plan

I've got a **Free Meal Plan** with 7 of my super popular recipes (complete
with grocery list)! Sign up for my email list and I'll send it over now along
with weekly dinner recipes!

And follow me on Facebook, Instagram, and Pinterest!

## Sweet Cream Cheese Wontons

Prep Time: 30 minutes

Cook Time: 12 minutes

Total Time: 42 minutes

5 from 21 ratings

Servings: 6

_Tap or hover to scale_

Print recipe Pin Recipe Leave a Review

_These cream cheese wontons can be filled with a sweet or savory filling and
baked in the oven or fried! Filling ideas include cream cheese and cherry pie
filling, nutella, and more!_  

### Ingredients

US Customary \- Metric

#### Wontons

  * ▢ 8 oz. softened cream cheese
  * ▢ ½ cup powdered sugar
  * ▢ 12 oz. wonton wraps, (packages usually in refrigerated produce section, near tofu)
  * ▢ 1 egg, whisked with a splash of water

#### To Fry:

  * ▢ 48 oz. canola oil, enough to fill a dutch oven or fryer with about 3 inches of oil.

#### To Bake:

  * ▢ Nonstick Cooking Spray

### Instructions

  * Mix the powdered sugar and cream cheese together until well combined. (You can use a hand mixer or a silicone spatula for this.)

  * Lay out about 4 wontons at a time and cover the remaining with a dish towel (they dry out quickly).

  * Fill a small bowl with water and set near the wontons.

  * Place about a ½ teaspoon of cream cheese mixture in the middle of each wonton.

  * Dip your fingers into the whisked egg/water mixture (i.e. egg wash), and fold the wontons diagonally to form a triangle. Seal and ensure that there are no air bubbles.

  * Dip your fingers back into the water. With the longest side of the triangle facing you, fold the left side to the right, and then fold the left side over it, to the right.

  * Repeat until all wontons are filled and wrapped!

#### To Fry:

  * Deep fryers work great with these, however if you don't have one, heat 2-3 inches of vegetable oil in a dutch oven until it is just under 350 degrees. (I put my electric stove to just under the medium-high mark).

  * You can use an extra wonton wrapper to test the temperature. Place it in the oil and ensure that it doesn’t cook too quickly or burn. Adjust the heat accordingly if needed.

  * Fry 4-5 wontons at a time, each for about 45 seconds to a minute, (or until golden brown).

  * Place them on a plate lined with paper towels to cool.

#### To Bake:

  * Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Spray a baking sheet with nonstick cooking spray and place the sheet in the oven for about 5 minutes. Heating the sheet will ensure that the wontons are nice and crisp on the bottom when they bake.

  * Remove the baking sheet from the oven and place the wontons on top. Coat the wontons with a light layer of nonstick cooking spray.

  * The wontons will need to bake for about 10-12 minutes, however it’s best to start checking on them after 5 minutes. Remove them from the oven when they are crisp and golden brown.

#### To Air Fry

  * Brush each wonton lightly with vegetable or canola oil. Air Fry at 370 degrees for 7-8 minutes, until slightly browned and crispy. Serve!

### Notes

  * **Tip:** Sprinkle a little extra powdered sugar on top of these once they are finished cooking!
  * **Egg Wash:** If you don't have eggs, you can just use water in a pinch.

* * *

### Dipping Options:

  * I like to dip these in sweet and sour sauce. (La Choy is my preferred brand.)
  * Soy sauce is a great option for savory fillings
  * Hoisin sauce mixed with honey and soy sauce is also a great combination.

### Nutrition

Calories: 552kcal, Carbohydrates: 44g, Protein: 8g, Fat: 38g, Saturated Fat:
9g, Cholesterol: 73mg, Sodium: 456mg, Potassium: 108mg, Fiber: 1g, Sugar: 11g,
Vitamin A: 545IU, Calcium: 68mg, Iron: 2.2mg

Did you try this recipe?Mention @TheCozyCook on Instagram or tag #thecozycook!

Course: Appetizer

Cuisine: Chinese

Author: Stephanie



Appetizers + Snacks Make Ahead Recipes Meatless New Years Recipes Our Favorite
Recipes Popular

_posted by_ Stephanie _on_ March 9, 2017 -- 82 Comments »

### Order The Cozy Cookbook!

Easy Recipes. Extra Comfort.

Order your copy today!

_« Previous Post_Olive Garden Stuffed Chicken Marsala

_Next Post »_ _Easy Easter Fudge

### Leave a Comment & Rate this Recipe Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Click the Stars to Rate This Recipe Click the Stars to Rate This Recipe  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Current ye@r *

Leave this field empty

###  82 comments on "Sweet Cream Cheese Wontons"

## Comment navigation

Older Comments

  1. **Teresa R** -- March 29, 2022 @ 12:51 am  Reply

Great recipe! Thank you for sharing! I had bought too many wonton wrappers and
was looking for a different way to use them and this was just what I needed. I
really appreciated that you gave instructions for different cooking methods.
This time I used the air fry method and just used water not egg wash to seal
the wontons and they turned out perfectly. I served with a light honey drizzle
and a sprinkle of powdered sugar. They were delicious!

    * **Stephanie** -- March 29, 2022 @ 9:52 am  Reply

Those sound so delicious Teresa, especially with the honey drizzle and
powdered sugar, yum!😋 Thanks so much for the great review, I'm so happy you
liked them!

  2. **Kaite** -- October 29, 2021 @ 4:31 pm  Reply

These are absolutely delicious!!!!!  
Can’t recommend them enough.  
Easy easy to make

    * **Stephanie** -- October 29, 2021 @ 8:27 pm  Reply

I'm so happy you like these as much as I do Katie!😍 I make this every New
Years Eve and everyone always gobbles them up. Thanks so much for taking the
time to leave a great review!

## Comment navigation

Older Comments

### Hi, I’m Stephanie!

My mission is to help busy home cooks create delicious recipes that are
budget-friendly and easy to follow. I will take your home cooking skills to
the next level with my game-changing ingredient combinations and simple
cooking techniques.

More about me »

____ ____ ____ ____ ____

### Order The Cozy Cookbook!

Easy Recipes. Extra Comfort.

Order your copy today!

### Free 7-Recipe Meal Plan

Complete with Grocery List!

### Search The Cozy Cook's Recipes:

__

### Most Popular Posts

### As Seen On…

### What‘s Trending >>>

  * ^ Back to Top
  * Home
  * Hi, I'm Stephanie!
  * Contact Me
  * Privacy Policy
  * Recipe Index
  * ________

(C)2022 The Cozy Cook. Design by Purr.

671364 shares

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

671364 shares

  *   *   * 

