https://christieathome.com/blog/crab-rangoon/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * Asian Recipes
    * By Region
      * Chinese
      * Filipino
      * Indonesian
      * Japanese
      * Korean
      * Malaysian
      * Singaporean
      * Taiwanese
      * Thai
      * Vietnamese
    * By Course
      * Mains
      * Breakfast
      * Dessert
      * Appetizers/Sides
      * Beverages
      * Snacks
  * Shop
  * Subscribe
  * ABOUT
    * Work with Me
  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Asian Recipes
  * Shop
  * About
  * Newsletter Subscription
  * Work with Me

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

Ã—

Home Â» Recipes Â» Appetizers/Sides Â» Crab Rangoon

# Crab Rangoon

Last Modified: April 5, 2022 \- Published by: christieathome \- Comments: 6
Comments

Jump to Recipe Jump to Video Print Recipe

Crispy fried wontons stuffed with a delicious crab and cream cheese filling.
This is the best crab rangoon recipe and itâ€™s totally addictive.

## Ready in 30 minutes!

These wontons are pretty simple and quick to make! The preparation time takes
about 20 minutes and frying takes about 10 minutes.

## More Crab than Cream Cheese

These crabmeat rangoons are packed with a bit more crab meat than cream cheese
making them perfect in texture. The variety of seasoning elevates the taste of
the filling making it savoury, aromatic and downright tasty.

## Easy Crab Rangoons

My crab rangoons recipe is really easy to make. Youâ€™re simply chopping the
imitation crab meat into 2 cm wide pieces. Then softening your cream cheese
with a spatula to get it smooth and creamy. Next mix all your filling
ingredients together until smooth and so that the crab meat has broken down.

Then youâ€™ll fill your wonton wrappers, sealing them tightly so none of the
filling leaks out as you cook them. Finally fry them until golden brown and
enjoy!

## Crab Rangoon Origin

Victor Bergeron, the founder of Trader Vic's, is the creator behind this
delicious fried appetizer. These fried wontons go back to as early as the
1930â€™s in America! They also have nothing to do with Chinese cuisine origins
but they are often served at American-Chinese restaurants.

## Imitation Crab Meat vs. Real Crab Meat

I personally prefer the imitation crab meat as itâ€™s less fishy, easy to work
with, and affordable compared to real crab meat. But do what works for your
tastebuds! If you enjoy real crab meat, then go for it! You can use canned,
frozen or fresh crab meat.

## What youâ€™ll need

For this recipe youâ€™ll need the following crab rangoons ingredients:

  * Wonton wrappers
  * Vegetable oil, or neutral tasting oil
  * Water, for sealing wontons

### Filling:

  * Imitation crab meat, or real crab meat
  * Cream cheese
  * Green onion
  * Regular Soy sauce
  * Sesame oil
  * Worcestershire sauce
  * Sugar
  * Garlic powder
  * Black pepper

## How to make Crab Rangoons

Below are brief steps with visuals to show you how to make homemade crab
rangoons. Please **scroll down** to the recipe card below to find full
instructions and details.

Chop imitation crab meat into 2 cm wide pieces and set aside.

In a large bowl, soften room temperature cream cheese with a spatula until
smooth.

Add imitation crab meat into your bowl of cream cheese, along with the rest of
filling ingredients as listed.

With a fork, mix very well until crab meat breaks down.

### Folding a crab rangoon

Add Â¾ tbsp of the filling into the center of the wonton wrapper. Using your
fingers, dab a bit water along the edges of the wrapper.

Then lift two opposing corners of the wrapper and pinch only the tip of it.

Then lift the adjacent corners and seal them. Make sure to pinch them very
well to prevent leakage as you fry, especially the tip of the wonton. (See
images in blog post)

### Frying

In your pan, add oil and bring to medium heat or 325 F. Once oil is hot, add
crab rangoons in two separate batches. Do not overcrowd. Fry 2 minutes on both
sides, until golden brown. Remove and transfer to cooling rack or a paper
towel lined plate.

Allow this to cool down a bit before enjoying. Serve with store bought sweet
chili sauce or any sauce of your liking.

## Cooking Tips

Below are tips on making crab rangoon at home:

### Bring cream cheese to room temperature for easy mixing

Leave your cream cheese out in room temperature at least 30-60 minutes before
you begin mixing the ingredients. This allows the cream cheese to soften
making it easier to mix.

### Soften cream cheese with spatula before mixing

Use a spatula to soften the cream cheese before you mix. This allows for an
evenly distribution of the ingredients.

### Cut crab meat into pieces first before mixing

Cutting the crab meat into 2 cm wide pieces makes the mixing process easier as
youâ€™ll want the crab to break up as you mix.

### Keep wonton wrappers moist by covering them

When wonton wrappers are exposed to air, they will become dry and possibly
crack making it harder to work with. So keep them covered with a moist towel
or in a sealed container until youâ€™re ready to work with them.

### Use water to help you seal the wontons

Dab water on the edges to seal the wonton wrapper skin.

### Seal and pinch the wontons well before frying

Make sure the wontons are completely sealed prior to frying. This prevents the
cream cheese filling from leaking out into the oil.

## FAQ

Below are frequently asked questions about these fried crab rangoons:

### How Long are Crab Rangoons Good for?

Once fried, they should be consumed within 1-4 days while being stored in the
fridge. You can reheat them in the air fryer or oven for best crispy texture.

### Can you freeze crab rangoons?

Yes, you can make them ahead and store them in an airtight bag or container in
a single layer so they donâ€™t stick to each other. They should last 2 months in
the freezer or until freezer burn begins to form. You can then deep fry, air
fry or bake them from frozen to cook them.

### Can I repurpose the oil?

Yes! I usually reuse it a second or third time depending on how clean I can
keep the oil. I will usually let it cool down first, then strain of any
browned bits and transfer to a reusable container to store in the fridge.

### What's the difference between wontons and Rangoons?

Wontons can be filled with a variety of fillings but the classic Chinese
wonton is usually filled with pork, shrimp, garlic, and other seasoning
ingredients. Whereas Rangoons are filled with either imitation or real crab
meat with cream cheese.

### Why is there no crab in crab rangoon?

You may find at certain Chinese restaurants, the ratio of crab meat to cream
cheese is very little for cost cutting rasons. Crab can be expensive so
restaurants tend to cheap out on that ingredient. However, in my recipe youâ€™ll
have a 50/50 ratio of crab to cream cheese.

### Are crab rangoons healthy?

They are not a health food as theyâ€™re packed with cream cheese which is high
in fat and then deep fried in oil. However, these are a delicious treat and
sometimes life is too short to restrict yourself!

### Are crab rangoons Chinese?

No, surprisingly they donâ€™t have any relation to Chinese food despite being
sold and served at many Chinese restaurants.

### Where can I buy wonton wrappers?

Most Asian and some Western grocers will carry this item in their refrigerated
or frozen section.

## Which cream cheese brand did you use?

I find Philadelphia cream cheese works the best for most of my recipes so I
used their light cream cheese. You may use regular cream cheese if you wish!

## Other recipes you may like!

If you enjoyed this fried crab rangoon recipe, you may enjoy these other
dishes:

CHICKEN CHOW MEIN  
SHRIMP FRIED RICE  
CHINESE LEMON CHICKEN  
SPICY ASIAN CUCUMBER SALAD  
CRISPY SOY GARLIC TOFU  
CHINESE SPICY GARLIC EGGPLANT

## Try it!

Well, I hope you give my Crab Rangoon a try! It always excites me when you
make my recipes and I hope this is one you try and most importantly, enjoy.

## Sharing is caring

If you enjoyed my easy crab rangoons recipe, please share it with your family
and friends or on social media! Take a picture of your re-creation and **make
sure to tag me @ChristieAtHome**  in your feed or stories as I would love to
see it!

## **Did you enjoy it?**

**If you genuinely enjoyed my recipe, please leave a 5-star review. I would
greatly appreciate it** **ðŸ™‚** ****

Take care,  
Christie

_*This post contains affiliate links. As an Amazon Associate, I earn from
qualifying purchases. I also earn from qualifying purchases through additional
affiliate programs_

## The BEST Crab Rangoon Recipe (30-mins)

christieathome

Crab Rangoon. Crispy fried wontons stuffed with a delicious crab and cream
cheese filling. This is the best crab rangoon recipe and itâ€™s totally
addictive. Ready in 30 minutes!

5 from 3 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

Prep Time 20 mins

Cook Time 10 mins

Total Time 30 mins

Course Appetizer, Snack

Cuisine American, Chinese

Servings 18 pieces

Calories 57 kcal

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * 18 wonton wrappers
  * 2 cups vegetable oil or neutral tasting oil
  * water for wrapping wontons

#### Filling:

  * 140 grams imitation crab meat or real crab meat
  * 125 grams cream cheese (I used Philadelphia Light Cream Cheese)
  * 1 tbsp green onion finely chopped
  * 1 tsp regular soy sauce not light or dark soy sauce!
  * 1 tsp sesame oil
  * 1 tsp worcestershire sauce
  * Â½ tsp white granulated sugar
  * Â½ tsp garlic powder
  * Â¼ tsp black pepper

### Instructions



  * Chop imitation crab meat into 2 cm wide pieces and set aside.

  * In a large bowl, soften room temperature cream cheese with a spatula until smooth.

  * Add imitation crab meat into your bowl of cream cheese, along with the rest of filling ingredients as listed.

  * With a fork, mix very well until crab meat breaks down.

  * Add Â¾ tbsp of the filling into the center of the wonton wrapper. Using your fingers, dab a bit water along the edges of the wrapper.

  * Then lift two opposing corners of the wrapper and pinch only the tip of it.

  * Then lift the adjacent corners and seal them. Make sure to pinch them very well to prevent leakage as you fry, especially the tip of the wonton. (See step by step images in above blog post. 

  * In your pan, add oil and bring to medium heat or 325 F. Once oil is hot, add crab rangoons in two separate batches. Do not overcrowd the oil. Fry 2 minutes on both sides, until golden brown. Remove and transfer to cooling rack or a paper towel lined plate.

  * Allow this to cool down a bit before enjoying. Serve with store bought sweet chili sauce or any sauce of your liking.

NOTES

#### To freeze:

These can be made and frozen ahead of time. Place them in a single layer (so
they don't stick to one another) in a reusable air tight bag or container.
They will last 2 months in the freezer (until freezer burn forms) and can be
fried from frozen.

Enjoyed my recipe?Please leave a 5 star review (be kind)! Tag me on social
media @christieathome as I'd love to see your creations!

###

Suggested Equipment & Products

Wok

Cutting Board

Santoku Knife

Silicone Spatula 3-Piece Set

Mixing bowl

Cooling rack

Keyword best crab rangoon recipe, crab rangoon at home, crab rangoon best
recipe, crab rangoon easy recipe, crab rangoons, crab rangoons ingredients,
crab rangoons recipe, crabmeat rangoons, folding a crab rangoon, fried crab
rangoon recipe, fried crab rangoons, homemade crab rangoons, how to make crab
rangoons

###### Nutrition

Calories: 57kcal | Carbohydrates: 6g | Protein: 2g | Fat: 3g | Saturated Fat:
1g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 1g | Monounsaturated Fat: 1g | Cholesterol: 9mg |
Sodium: 131mg | Potassium: 21mg | Fiber: 1g | Sugar: 1g | Vitamin A: 98IU |
Vitamin C: 1mg | Calcium: 11mg | Iron: 1mg

Â« Chicken Chow Mein

Pork Cabbage Dumplings Â»

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Maria

April 07, 2022 at 2:19 pm

  
Addictive indeed! Wow these were really easy to make and so good. I almost ate
them all leaving none for my husband haha.

Reply

    * christieathome

April 07, 2022 at 4:25 pm

Haha! Thank you for making my recipe! I'm so glad you enjoyed it so much!

Reply

  2. Susan Reedy

April 24, 2022 at 9:09 pm

  
Made this recipe today for the first time. Absolutely delicious! I'll
definitely be making them again...probably in a few days!

Reply

    * christieathome

April 25, 2022 at 3:15 pm

Thanks so much for making my recipe, Susan! So glad you enjoyed this recipe of
mine! I hope you enjoy it again in the next few days ðŸ˜‰

Reply

  3. Antoinette

May 03, 2022 at 4:16 pm

  
Enjoy your recipes always tasty. Most of all you have two very important
things 1. Always has printed ingredients 2. Never have to buy tons of
ingredients

Reply

    * christieathome

May 03, 2022 at 5:04 pm

Thank you so much Antoinette! This review brought the biggest smile to my face
ðŸ™‚ I appreciate it so much! Have a lovely day - Christie

Reply

### Enjoyed my recipe? Leave a rated review! Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Î”

## Primary Sidebar

**Hello! My name is Christie.** I enjoy sharing Asian recipes from around the
world. So that you can make them from the comfort of your own home. In my
spare time, I enjoy spending it with my wonderful husband and two pups.

More about me â†’

## Footer

### Follow Me

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

## Footer

â†‘ back to top

### Home

  * Home
  * Asian Recipes
  * Shop
  * Privacy Policy

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up!

### Contact

  * About
  * Work with Me

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright Â© 2021 **Christie at Home**

