https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/14850/crab-rangoon-i/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Appetizers and Snacks
  4. Seafood
  5. Crab
  6. Crab Rangoon I

# Crab Rangoon I

Rating: 4 stars 4

142 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 67 
  * 4 star values: 43 
  * 3 star values: 13 
  * 2 star values: 9 
  * 1 star values: 10 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 142 Ratings 
  * 104 Reviews 
  * 8 Photos 

Everyone will love these bite-size, fried dumplings stuffed with crab. You can
make these in advance of the festivities, and freeze on trays until party
time.

Recipe by MARCEA

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Crab Rangoon I

Add Photo

Crab Rangoon I Ecualatina1

Crab Rangoon I Becca

Crab Rangoon I cindy Pope

Crab Rangoon I MMMICHELLE

\+ 4 4 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

20 mins

cook:

10 mins

total:

30 mins

Servings:

10

Yield:

10 servings

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

10

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 10 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1 (14 ounce) package small won ton wrappers 
  * 2 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese, softened 
  * 1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger root 
  * ½ teaspoon chopped fresh cilantro 
  * ½ teaspoon dried parsley 
  * 3 tablespoons dark soy sauce 
  * 1 pound crabmeat, shredded 
  * 1 quart oil for frying 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Heat oil in a large heavy skillet or deep fryer to 360 degrees F (180 degrees
C).

Advertisement

  * Step 2

In a small bowl, mix together cream cheese, soy sauce, ginger, garlic,
parsley, cilantro and crabmeat.

  * Step 3

Place 1/2 to 1 teaspoon of the cream cheese mixture into the center of each
wonton wrapper. Fold the won ton wrapper over the stuffing to make a triangle
or a half moon, depending on the shape of the won ton wrappers you have
purchased. Moisten the edges with a little water, and seal. Place prepared won
tons under a slightly moist paper towel until ready for frying.

  * Step 4

Add 3 or 4 wontons to the hot oil, and cook until golden brown, turning once.
Set aside on paper towels to drain. Repeat until all wontons have been fried.
Serve hot.

I Made It  Print

##  Editor's Note:

We have determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a
retention value of 10% after cooking. The exact amount may vary depending on
cook time and temperature, ingredient density, and the specific type of oil
used.

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

393 calories; protein 16.5g; carbohydrates 23.9g; fat 25.6g; cholesterol
93.2mg; sodium 778.4mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (104)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Anna

Rating: 5 stars

02/05/2005

Great recipe! The cilantro and ginger give it some nice flavor- and there's
actually crab in it!!!! Nice! Most chinese restaraunts serve "cream cheese
wontons" rather than actual "crab rangoons". If you're a fan of crab rangoons
offered at these types of places (esp. buffets), cut the crab in 1/2, or even
3/4. Also- crab rangoons take a LONG time to make- the prep, the "stuffing",
and the frying, that doesn't mean they suck, it just means they take time!
I've sometimes used it as a conversation piece to a dinner party, while the
guests are trickling in, I'm assembling them, and we all gather in the kitchen
and talk while they're frying. They're gobbled off the platter as fast as i
can make them. They're great with sweet and sour sauce. Also- as the recipe
says- this recipe makes 10 servings! That's a lot of crab rangoon (which is
NEVER a bad thing in my book!). 2 suggestions- if you want a smoother texture-
use a food processor to finely chop the ingredients before mixing in the cream
cheese. AND- for added flavor- green onion (or any finely chopped onion) and
garlic also add good flavor. Thanks for a great recipe!

Read More

Helpful (89)

### Most helpful critical review

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 1 stars

01/03/2002

I ended up throwing close to 30 of these away. These were soy sauce
rangoons,not crab. WAY too much soy sauce. I remade the recipe using NO soy
sauce and adding sliced green onion. ABSOLUTELY PERFECT. (and a little garlic
powder)

Read More

Helpful (129)

142 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 67 
  * 4 star values: 43 
  * 3 star values: 13 
  * 2 star values: 9 
  * 1 star values: 10 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 1 stars

01/03/2002

I ended up throwing close to 30 of these away. These were soy sauce
rangoons,not crab. WAY too much soy sauce. I remade the recipe using NO soy
sauce and adding sliced green onion. ABSOLUTELY PERFECT. (and a little garlic
powder)

Anna

Rating: 5 stars

02/05/2005

Great recipe! The cilantro and ginger give it some nice flavor- and there's
actually crab in it!!!! Nice! Most chinese restaraunts serve "cream cheese
wontons" rather than actual "crab rangoons". If you're a fan of crab rangoons
offered at these types of places (esp. buffets), cut the crab in 1/2, or even
3/4. Also- crab rangoons take a LONG time to make- the prep, the "stuffing",
and the frying, that doesn't mean they suck, it just means they take time!
I've sometimes used it as a conversation piece to a dinner party, while the
guests are trickling in, I'm assembling them, and we all gather in the kitchen
and talk while they're frying. They're gobbled off the platter as fast as i
can make them. They're great with sweet and sour sauce. Also- as the recipe
says- this recipe makes 10 servings! That's a lot of crab rangoon (which is
NEVER a bad thing in my book!). 2 suggestions- if you want a smoother texture-
use a food processor to finely chop the ingredients before mixing in the cream
cheese. AND- for added flavor- green onion (or any finely chopped onion) and
garlic also add good flavor. Thanks for a great recipe!

Flower Fan

Rating: 5 stars

12/30/2002

These were pretty good. I made the night before and reheated for 10 min at
200. Not as good fresh, but still tasty. Folded into envelopes so the mix
didn't leak out. Served with duck sauce. Edit: I made them again today (12/04)
and they turned out perfect! Here's what I did different: Used fresh parsley,
added 1 tsp. chopped green onion, 1 1/2 T. La Choy soy sauce (cause I think
it's less salty), sprinkle of salt, pepper & garlic salt, grated fresh ginger
on microplane, 1 & 1/2 pkgs of cream cheese, 12 oz. of real crab meat, and 1
lb. package of egg roll wraps, cut in 1/4. My mixture came out perfect against
the amount of wraps. I folded into envelope shape, dabbed w/ water and froze
extra between sheets of wax paper. As a side note, the egg roll wraps are in
the produce area of your grocer and I found fresh crab meat in a foil pouch by
my seafood area (I live in the Midwest). My grocer said the crab is seasonal
for the holidays... it it produced by Blue Star. I stocked up on the crab
since it's good for over a year. Hope this helps everyone!

GUZ66

Rating: 5 stars

03/29/2005

This is a yummy recipe, and based on others' reviews, I skipped the ginger and
cilantro, and added just a splash of soy sauce. I also added a drop or two of
hot sauce to liven it up a bit. Then I BAKED them at 350 for 20 minutes...or
until lightly brown and crisp. Addictive and less fattening since they're not
fried. Thanks for the recipe!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

03/19/2003

Oh my, yummy, excelent, delish, AMAZING!! When the local grocery store stopped
selling crab rangoon, everybody went nuts. Being the cook in the family i had
to find a recipe and make it. Here it is, better than store bought. Thanks to
this recipe i am an angel to my family. Since it is a lot of work, i double
the recipe. Make it all up, then freeze it prepared. Then all you have to do
is pop them into the fryer and viola!!

LISA_1968

Rating: 5 stars

07/23/2003

I love crab rangoon, and was very happy to discover a recipe for them. After
reading all the other reviews, I made some of the adjustments that others had
suggested (added garlic, and replaced cilantro with green onions). I was kind
of skeptical about if they would taste as good as the restaurants', but MAN OH
MAN!!!! They are WONDERFUL. Even better than the local restaurants'. I love
that I can freeze them, and cook them up whenever I want. Hint though, if you
freeze them, spray your pan with cooking spray, or they tend to stick and end
up with no bottoms!! Now if only I can find a really good recipe for the rest
of the chinese dishes I like, I will never have to pay restaurant prices!!!!

Leah L

Rating: 5 stars

08/09/2002

Excellent recipe! I make these every year for New Year's Eve. Freezes great.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 3 stars

06/28/2002

My husband & I are big fans of restaurant-style crab rangoon. Sad to say,
these are not them. Even though I cut the soy sauce in 1/2, was still way too
salty. My husband didn't care for the ginger. Next time I will stick to garlic
and green onions in the filling. I make my dough into little envelopes, easier
to fry evenly that way.

ONLYME383

Rating: 5 stars

02/22/2002

Delicious recipe! For those who need specifics, won ton wrappers can easily be
found in any asian market either the refrigerated/frozen section. And the best
soy sauce brand to use is "Kikkoman," the most commonly used type in
restaurants.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 2 stars

07/10/2002

These were definitely lacking in something. I kept adding and adding and it
tasted good in the mixing bowl--but, once I fried them, the taste was GONE! It
tasted NOTHING like any crab rangoons I have ever tasted and I was very
disappointed. I was so proud to have made them LOOK exactly like the ones in
the restaurants, but it was a waste of time. I stll have these in the freezer
and made them two weeks ago.

Joelen

Rating: 4 stars

10/27/2003

This was a good recipe but much more complicated that what I normally would
do. The result was pretty good. I prefer the easier way in that I simply mix
up softened cream cheese, a bit of garlic and onion powder, sliced green
onions and crabmeat for the filling. I place a small ball in the middle of the
wonton and continue to fry up. Delicious and so easy.

Brandi

Rating: 5 stars

03/07/2009

These were great- with some tweaking. I omitted the ginger, used scallions
instead of cilantro, used shredded FRESH snow crab meat, added 1/2 t. of
garlic powder, and 1 1/2 t. of light brown sugar, and kept the soy sauce down
to 1 T. The overall mixture really balanced out when I added the sugar. MMMM!
I served these along with pork/mushroom potstickers and green tea ice cream to
my very spoiled hubby. ;) *NOTE* I've found the easiest way to fold these for
frying is to lay the won ton flat over the side of a loose fist. With your
other hand, spoon a 1/2 t. of the filling in the center. Gather all the edges
together and crimp into a little "purse", making sure to squeeze out all of
the air that you can. ENJOY!

SWEETPEA_DARCY

Rating: 5 stars

06/02/2003

This was FANTASTIC!!!!!!!!!!!!! I made them for a Chinese New Year's party --
and they were a HIT! I don't think they were too salty at all. I did make a
few changes though. I used green onion instead of cilantro. I used ground
ginger instead of fresh. I also added garlic powder because I love garlic. And
I used Louis Kemp instead of fresh crab meat. Also, I made these the night
before and kept them refridgerated till I was ready to fry them...that worked
out very nicely!!! If you like Crab Rangoon..I think you will LOVE this
recipe!

MILADA

Rating: 5 stars

06/06/2003

Superb Recipe! Me, my mom and my boyfriend ate till our stomachs we ready to
burst!! For me this was a very unique taste. Glad I tried it. I also added to
the mixture some hot red peppers and I halved the soysauce because of what the
other reviewers said. And also because I couldn't find wonton wrappers I just
wrapped them in spring roll wrappers.

Dara

Rating: 5 stars

01/16/2003

This was a great dish, just like the restaurants around the area

MPEBLE

Rating: 4 stars

03/01/2009

This is a tasty, easy to make recipe. I ended up adding more (if not double)
the amount of ginger, cilantro, and crabmeat. I made a batch with sundried
tomato cream cheese, which added an non-conventional twist. I fried them up in
a frying pan with a moderate amount of oil and didn't miss the deep frying at
all. They turned out hot and crispy.

Hungry Hannah

Rating: 4 stars

10/21/2007

I found these very simple and easy to make and they came out great. I made a
few changes after reading other reviews: I left out the soy sauce and cilantro
and added a spoonful of sugar, 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder and part of an onion
(I halved the recipe and these are the amounts I used). I used a blender to
combine the crab, onion, and ginger and I mixed everything else by hand. With
these changes I give the recipe 5 stars. It always pays to read the reviews!

Curt McLey

Rating: 2 stars

08/09/2003

These were a little bit of a disappointment--nothing like the crab rangoon
I've had in countless Chinese restaurants. First, folding the won ton
wrappers, for me--was not as intuitive as the recipe seems to imply. Second,
the dark soy sauce overpowers the flavor and appearance of the mixture. Recipe
writers shouldn't assume--beginners won't always intuitively understand
instructions. The flavor wasn't all bad and the frying part was fine, but the
shape of my crab rangoon looked like it was done by a pre-schooler.

KEG18

Rating: 4 stars

02/03/2002

I left out the soy sauce completely, and only put in a little ginger. I only
had dried cilantro, so I used quite a bit (still couldn't taste it though).
All in all, these were pretty darn good. I might try baking them next time to
cut some of the calories.

Momof2

Rating: 4 stars

03/23/2006

Didn't add the cilantro, but added green onions to the mix. Also I reduced the
amount of soy to 1/2 because of the reviews. I was happy with the inside
mixture, but not so happy with the wonton wrapper. My fault though. First time
I have ever made these, but will make again. Thanks for the post.

PTRICK

Rating: 5 stars

08/03/2009

These were so good that I decided to share them with a few of my neighbours
and they were all raving! The only change I made was fresh parsley instead of
dried. The blend of ginger, cilantro and soy sauce are the keys to this very
tasty recipe.

SUNNYLLUVSYA07

Rating: 3 stars

07/27/2005

I had to do some tweaking on this recipe. I only used 1/2 pound of crabmeat
and added a little more soy sauce then recomended. I baked the crab rangoon
for 10 minutes at 350 and then after they cooled I deep fried them for a few
seconds. I had great results, they weren't too crunchy like the all deep fried
ones. On a different batch when I was in a hurry I brushed oil on the crab
rangoon before baking in the oven, that also was good.

evillhog

Rating: 5 stars

07/07/2007

Excellent recipe. I followed the rcipe to a "T" until it was time to fry. I
coated a frying pan with a thick layer of a non-stick olive oil spray and the
face-up side of the wontons as well. I fried them for about 4-5 minutes on
each side at low-med heat. They were great and a lot less fatty.

Gina Gilbert Sigman

Rating: 4 stars

06/19/2002

These were great and easy to make. I would make these again.

Stephanie Baker

Rating: 5 stars

03/22/2000

I made these when I decided to make a nice dinner. The filling was wonderful
and flavorful and the fried outside made a nice contrast. I couldn't cook them
fast enough.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

12/21/2004

These were a hit at my in-laws party. I cut down on the ginger as suggested on
other reviews. The recipe made about 80 rangoons, so I froze half of them. It
took a little longer for them to cook from frozen state, but still just as
yummy. Be sure to freeze them individually on a cookie sheet before putting
them in a freezer bag.

softthings

Rating: 5 stars

04/26/2010

always a hit!

lockesmom

Rating: 4 stars

06/08/2006

these really are good. the addition of ginger gives it a lovely flavor, and
even though i scaled the recipe back, i thought the amount of soy sauce
overall was fine. i added extra water chestnuts for crunch, and fresh parsley,
but left out the cilantro, and i added some garlic powder as well. as per
another's suggestion, i think a bit of lime would be great. i put it all in
the food processor, which worked really well. i wound up adding extra crab
after i took it out though - nice to have some chunks. i made BIG wontons
cause i only had 6 or 7 left -- it may seem tricky to use the wrappers, but i
think the trick is in the water you use to "moisten" to seal. don't skimp on
the water; wet your fingers and work with the wrapper for a few seconds and
you can really twist them into whatever kind of seal you want (triangle,
package, roll, etc). these were really tasty, and a great recipe to work with.
thanks!

Pam

Rating: 5 stars

12/30/2001

These are a big hit with my family!

Jennifer

Rating: 4 stars

10/25/2001

Is it fair to rate it so well when you've changed the recipe? This was the
only crab rangoon recipe I could find. My old recipe *lost in boxes* leaves
out the ginger, the soya, and the like.. I just used:crab meat, cream cheese
and garlic powder.. that's it.. and it was DELICIOUS!!!I'm not a fan of
cilantro.. too strong.. so I made it MYYYY WAYYY!!!

MAVIS

Rating: 5 stars

09/16/2007

NICE APPETIZER

RORSCHACH

Rating: 5 stars

09/04/2000

The crab filling is quite rich and delicious. We really enjoyed these. I froze
some uncooked on a cookie sheet in a single layer and when frozen threw in a
freezer bag to enjoy later. I will make these again.

JENNIFERJ2

Rating: 5 stars

12/23/2004

These were a huge hit at a small holiday party we hosted. We baked them
instead of frying and they were wonderful, bake them at 350, until they are
browning.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

11/06/2001

I don't have kids, but as a kid I would have loved this!! We were out of crab
meat when I tried to make these, so I made it with lightly cooked salmon...the
two "men-of-the-house" approved. For those who have reviewed that they "tasted
horrible"--I think they taste the way crab rangoon should, you probably just
don't like them and are used to egg-roll type fillings or the "traditional"
pork fillings of wontons and gau gee. I'm going to call the salmon version,
"Seattle's rangoon...:)"

wanna_cook85

Rating: 3 stars

08/03/2011

i made it as directed .. it is very good, but if your looking for a more cream
cheese taste, leave out the soy sauce and double the cream cheese and the
other incredients, also didnt use as much crab meat, made it again without soy
sauce and added sugar and green onions and to me it was VERY close to the one
in the restraunts ;]

JenniferandRichmond Harris

Rating: 5 stars

12/14/2001

Loved these ragoons!!!...I love them in the restraunts and went crazy to make
these when i found a recipie, only problem is trying to find the wonton wraps
for the ragoons...I can't find them in any of the groceries around here so i
used fillo dough (in the freezer sections) which tasted great but was almost a
NIGHTMARE to peel and not tear in order to wrap the crab/creamcheese
mixture..and we had to bake them instead of frying (i was afraid the dough
wouldn't hold up to the fryer!!!) Tasted wonderful though!!! Will do again if
i can locate wanton wrappers!!!

Leslie

Rating: 3 stars

02/02/2009

I halved the amount of soy sauce and still thought these were so-so. Next
time, I'll only use about 2 tsp. soy sauce and cut the crab in half. Don't get
me wrong, they were edible but not great. Also the amount of filling will fill
2 packages of wrappers, 60 to a pack. So I have half the filling left and will
add another brick of cream cheese and more of the spices to use it up.

CINDYA56

Rating: 1 stars

12/28/2004

I was so encouraged by the reviews that I doubled the recipe & added extra
crab meat.Well, sadly I made these for Christmas and NO ONE liked them. I
think there is way too much soy sauce.

Sh00p1981

Rating: 4 stars

01/13/2010

These turned out great, but I only put in a tablespoon of soy sauce because of
some comments.

Wendy Chazarreta

Rating: 4 stars

01/28/2007

This was a good recipe! I added 1/2 a cup of sugar to make it a little sweet
and I half everything except the cream cheese. The soy sauce and ginger were
over powering at first. Don't taste it before cooking and adjust because after
it cooks it comes out different and very good!

gmalil

Rating: 5 stars

07/11/2003

I AM THRILLED TO GET THIS RECIPE!! Do you think it would be just as good, {or
almost as good} if I use shrimp instead of crab? My dh is terrribly allergic
to crab.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 1 stars

01/01/2001

This was the worst Crab Rangoon recipe I have ever tried. It had a horrible
taste, and wasn't fit to eat. I don't recommend this recipe

Chuck

Rating: 5 stars

11/22/2005

These are awsome and are like the ones you get in Chinatown!!!!!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

11/17/2000

I HAVE TRIED CRAB RANGOONS IN A RESTAURANT BEFORE AND THEY WERE DELICIOUS, SO
WHEN I FIRST SAW THIS RECIPE I JUST HAD TO TRY IT. THEY WERE EXACTLY THE SAME
AS IN THE RESTAURANT (I NEVER WOULD HAVE BELIEVED THEY WERE THIS EASY TO MAKE
IF I HADN'T MADE THEM MYSELF). DELICIOUS, SIMPLE, AND FAST.

Snoopy

Rating: 2 stars

04/05/2011

next time I'll add more cream cheese

Lisa

Rating: 1 stars

02/28/2008

WAYYYY too much soy sauce. Almost not edible. Use only a dash or two if any. I
agree with the advice on adding green onion...or use Crab Rangoon III recipe
on this site. :)

N. Alyssa

Rating: 1 stars

06/13/2009

Soy Sauce was over powering. The proportions are all wrong! I wish I had read
the reviews more carefully. Most wonton wrappers have directions for crab
rangoon on them. I would follow those next time.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

01/01/2004

WOW! These were good! I usually do my Crab puffs with coctail sauce, green
onion, garlic & cream cheese but we really enjoyed the Asian kick these offer.
We did sub green onion for cilantro (which I love but not everybody else does)
and also added minced garlic. We used all 50 wonton wrappers and still had
some filling left over so we have been spreading it on crackers today. Also, a
whole pound of crab meat is not needed. This recipe is fine with about 8oz and
helps keep the cost down. Voted as our favorite New Years eve appetizer and we
made several--Delicious!!

macpatient

Rating: 4 stars

07/16/2007

I didn't have any won ton wrappers so I just made the filling. I used some
garlic salt, half the ground ginger and not even half of the soy sauce. Didn't
put in any of the cilantro or parsley. Used the filling as a dip with
crackers.

DLVMommy

Rating: 4 stars

06/22/2008

Thought these were great. I added diced scallion in place of cilantro & only
half the soy sauce. They were being eaten faster than I could fry them.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

01/23/2005

Very good. only used 1/2 the cream cheese and 1/2 the crab meat stated in the
recipe. Left out the ginger and cilantro (didn't have any on hand). Tasty!

Ckayzee

Rating: 4 stars

11/02/2007

I used more crab than the recipie called for. My only issue is that it's sort
of hard to get enough done for everyone to eat them hot and at the same time.
I did leave out the ginger root, simply because I dont' care for the taste,
but this was a great recipie. Thanks!

donohoe5

Rating: 5 stars

02/02/2008

This recipe is great - it tastes yummy! It was not easy for me - took a long
time to fry and wrap the little guys - but, the family went crazy for them -
The only problem is everyone wants me to bring them to all the family get
togethers! I said this is for special occasions only - soooo good. I used all
fresh ingredients!

KADYKEL

Rating: 5 stars

11/28/2004

Great recipe....! If you need a quick fix.....put all of the ingredients,
including chopped green onions in a small baking dish, sprayed with non-stick
spray, pour a jar of sweet and sour over the top, bake it until bubbly. Then
use the wontons, (baked and sprayed with Pam..sprinkled with parmesan cheese
and salt) to dip in the crab rangoon dip. Very good!!! and Very easy!!!

Melissa Goff

Allstar

Rating: 4 stars

09/25/2014

really easy filling, good recipe and was a hit with the family that loves
seafood. However, my only gripe is, because I'm so thorough. Is that 1 tsp
didn't look like it was enough to fill with, so I used 1 1/2 tsp (or 1/2
TBSP...equals the same conversion) However, in doing that I used just over 2
14oz packages of wonton wrappers...90 wontons to be exact. The filling makes a
lot. Mid-way through I was looking at the amount I had so far and then looking
at how much filling was in the bowl and was thankful that I purchased 3
packages of wonton wrappers. And trust me when I say, I used a measuring spoon
to measure out the filling, I seriously did. I'll make these again because
they were totally good but I'll have to freeze more then half the batch.

fausterlady

Rating: 1 stars

03/06/2011

Not what I expected. The flavor was weird. For the amount of prep work these
took I was very disappointed.

JTWTECH

Rating: 2 stars

09/19/2000

I didn't like these crab rangoons. didn't taste nearly as good as crab
rangoons I've had before.

MeMe

Rating: 1 stars

03/11/2006

It tasted like creamy soy sauce. You couldn't taste the cream cheese or the
cilantro, I'm not even sure why they are ingredients. I would strongly
recommend against this recipe.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

10/27/2001

Even the kids loved these (I didn't tell them what was in it hehe). My best
friend and her sister ate quite a few of them and now ask me to make them all
the time. This is an excellent recipe.

naomi

Rating: 5 stars

05/28/2007

This recipe was great. I had a craving for crab rangoon and this hit the spot.
I did leave out the soy sauce and added minced garlic and 3 green onions.
Would probably add more onions next time. I only used 3/4 of a pound of
imitation crab meat. We dipped ours in sweet and sour sauce. They were a
little time consuming but fun for something different.

Tbonesgirl

Rating: 5 stars

07/21/2008

This was a great recipe. Everyone loved it! The only thing I did differently
is I lowered the amount of soy sauce I put in it to 2 Tablespoons. Love it.
Thanks!

JTR41TWOSTEP

Rating: 3 stars

05/26/2004

These are just okay. I tried the recipe as is the first time, but then I
adjusted it because we thought there was too much crab. I just couldn't seem
to get the mixture right, and I just don't think it tastes as good as the crab
rangoon I can buy. It's just not worth the hassle.

Ioreth

Rating: 5 stars

11/08/2004

My husband took one bite and declared, "These are the best things I've ever
tasted in my life!." Maybe a little over enthusiastic, but they were good. I
only made 1/2 the filling and still had enough for at least 30 won ton
wrappers. I also used a tad more cilantro.

McKeagan

Rating: 3 stars

05/23/2007

My husband and I love crab rangoon! In our opinion this had too much crab and
we ended up having to buy a ton of cream cheese to compensate. Also, the soy
sauce is very very strong. If you like the taste of the crab and the cheese
you should leave it out and try frying a few. Once you've got it in.. it's all
over :) Putting a 1/2 t of sugar in for each cream cheese makes it taste just
a bit sweet, like one of our favorite places. Wish we wouldn't have put the
soy sauce in!

Chrissy DeCosmo Fessler

Rating: 2 stars

06/18/2005

These did not turn out good for me. I had to throw them all away. No one
really cared for how they tasted.

Cindy's kitchen

Rating: 5 stars

01/24/2009

excellent and easy to make. made our own orange duck sauce to go along with
these.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 2 stars

02/07/2001

I love crab rangoon, but these were awful.

rena1314

Rating: 5 stars

02/20/2008

I love crab rangoons but can't always find them at local restaurants. This
recipe was SO easy and absolutely delicious!

Snow likes to cook

Rating: 3 stars

12/19/2004

not the best. they are ok, but nothing like the ones in the restuarant. the
ginger is over powering.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 2 stars

01/29/2001

I found it time consuming and the kids said "Yuck". It was not a hit with the
family who loves crab.

Karen B.

Rating: 5 stars

09/24/2004

This is a wonderful recipe. This was the first time I made crab rangoons and
this recipe if fool proof. And it tastes just right! I used a pound of
imitation crabmeat and just added it as is into my kitchen aid mixer and the
mixer took care of the shredding for me. =) Very tasty. My husband and
daughter loved them.

TStaple

Rating: 5 stars

09/08/2004

My family loved these! I substituted green onions and garlic for the cilantro
and parsley and they turned out great.

LESLIE

Rating: 5 stars

06/05/2004

This is awesome and so easy!!! We loved it.

JLFARRAR

Rating: 5 stars

06/26/2000

This was surprisingly easy to prepare and cook. I was amazed at how much
better it tasted than the restaurant kind.

Crystal Jo Bruns

Rating: 4 stars

12/29/2005

These are good but they weren't exactly what I was looking for. The best I
have ever had have a nice pure white filling. The soy sauce here makes the
filling darker than I was expecting. They have good flavor though.

THEPETALER

Rating: 5 stars

03/24/2004

I love these!! The 2nd time around I reduced the crabmeat to 1/4 lb., added a
dash of lime juice, minced garlic, and a smidge of chopped onion. I've made
these over and over again. A+ in my book!

Contented Home-maker

Rating: 4 stars

03/18/2014

Very good!

DeniseW

Rating: 4 stars

02/17/2013

I made a few with the recipe as is and found them to be bland. I added green
onion and wasabi powder to the mix and they were much more interesting. Dip in
Mae Ploy (sweet chili sauce) for that added zip.

Duckiek

Rating: 4 stars

03/08/2012

Great! My guests asked for the recipe!

JMILLER828

Rating: 5 stars

04/25/2008

Made it once so far. It was lovely. We are HUGE fans of Crab Rangoon & this
was very good!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

02/21/2001

This was really easy to make. You just need alot of patience when preparing
the wontons! Taste was fantastic! Great for parties. Thanks Tanja

Steven Douglas

Rating: 5 stars

03/04/2007

Awesome!!! easy on the ginger though, Can easily overpower.

Steve Hartford

Rating: 3 stars

03/16/2013

We so enjoy these, but ours filled up with air and I couldn't get them to flip
them over in the pan - too warm of filling, maybe?

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 2 stars

08/28/2000

DIDN'T TASTE LIKE THE CRAB RANGOONS I'M USED TO HAVING

Hungry Man

Rating: 5 stars

12/19/2019

I made it for my family. They were eaten faster than I could make them. Love
this recipe!!!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

10/25/2004

I omitted the ginger root,soy sauce and dried parsley. I replaced the crab
meat for imitation lobster. It was fantastic!! Mild, but lobster flavor was
just right.

Andrea

Rating: 5 stars

01/23/2020

Love crab Rangoon, but the simple recipes are better. All about the touch of
green onion AND a squeeze of fresh lemon on the crab to taste before mixing.
Taste your mixture before frying!!!

Fican

Rating: 5 stars

03/06/2004

Lovely recipe. i served this with sweet chilli sauce,tasted wonderful... i got
tons of compliments! the only problem i had was with the frying.. the wontons
often just burst while frying. i dont know what the right temp shud be for the
frying..but surely hope i figure it out soon. thanks for sharing!

Juice

Rating: 4 stars

01/18/2006

I took the advice of others and rolled them like my egg rolls. I also had a
little bit of soy sauce to the mixture. Everyone loved them.

sforbus85

Rating: 3 stars

07/18/2015

The soy sauce kills it, I left it out and added green onion YUMMY!!!!! Also
can use this stuffed in mushrooms, add a small drop of Worcestershire sauce to
the caps before filling it and bake until tender, YUMMY!!! :)

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

01/27/2001

I really liked this! Very close to what I have eaten at good oriental
restaurants.

AnnOnnomus

Rating: 4 stars

09/17/2014

Pretty good. Definitely add more cream cheese and a some green onions! Might
try baking them next time, not crazy about the fried taste.

danielle

Rating: 5 stars

05/20/2014

These are really good and easy.

Jane P.

Rating: 4 stars

01/20/2006

Vert good, I did as others added minced onion, half the crab, garlic powder
and hot sauce. Thank for sharing this recipe.

Carol Hammond

Rating: 5 stars

05/17/2004

Excellent, Excellent, Excellent!

Princes1826

Rating: 1 stars

12/14/2020

The recipe above is awful! Adding the soy turned the mixture brown and left it
very, very, very salty. It went in the trash and a new batch was made with no
soy and no ginger. I remade it and added about a teaspoon of chives and a
pinch of salt which balanced out the sweetness perfectly.

sunnydispo

Rating: 4 stars

04/13/2015

Drain the canned crab very well because the filling is very watery, which
makes it very hard to fold. Also, use an egg wash to close the wrappers; water
does not keep it closed well.

Moondusted

Rating: 4 stars

10/13/2001

These were alright but I didn't find the filling very easy to make.

BajaValle

Rating: 3 stars

11/01/2004

These were good. The wonton fried up perfect, and the taste was good, but the
filling was not creamy like the restaraunt. Besides...THIS MADE SOOO MUCH
FILLING!! And I cut it in half!! Sort of a waste unless you are cooking for
crowd. Not bad...though.

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Crab Rangoon I

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Crab Rangoon I

##  All Reviews for Crab Rangoon I

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Crab Rangoon I

Servings Per Recipe: 10  
Calories: 393.4  

% Daily Value *

protein:  16.5g  33 %

carbohydrates:  23.9g  8 %

dietary fiber:  0.7g  3 %

sugars:  0.1g

fat:  25.6g  39 %

saturated fat:  11.2g  56 %

cholesterol:  93.2mg  31 %

vitamin a iu:  616.3IU  12 %

niacin equivalents:  6.2mg  48 %

vitamin b6:  0.1mg  6 %

vitamin c:  1.3mg  2 %

folate:  59.1mcg  15 %

calcium:  100.5mg  10 %

iron:  2.3mg  13 %

magnesium:  28.4mg  10 %

potassium:  257.1mg  7 %

sodium:  778.4mg  31 %

thiamin:  0.2mg  25 %

calories from fat:  230.1

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Crab Rangoon I

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 104

Crab Rangoon I

1 of 8 Crab Rangoon I

Ecualatina1

Crab Rangoon I

2 of 8 Crab Rangoon I

Becca

Crab Rangoon I

3 of 8 Crab Rangoon I

cindy Pope

Crab Rangoon I

4 of 8 Crab Rangoon I

MMMICHELLE

Crab Rangoon I

5 of 8 Crab Rangoon I

Melissa Goff

Crab Rangoon I

6 of 8 Crab Rangoon I

AJaye2010

Crab Rangoon I

7 of 8 Crab Rangoon I

fausterlady

Crab Rangoon I

8 of 8 Crab Rangoon I

Wendy Chazarreta

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Crab Rangoon I to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Crab Rangoon I

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

