https://www.traveldine.com/one-chef-one-recipe-butter-garlic-black-pepper-prawns-by-chef-tarun-sibal/


###### One chef, one recipe: Butter garlic black pepper prawns by Chef Tarun
Sibal

__________

  * Travel
    * Fresh
    * Features
    * Destinations
    * Aviation
  * Hotels
    * Fresh
    * New Hotels
    * Features
  * Food and Drink
    * Fresh
    * Features
    * Love Local
    * Recipes
    * Restaurant and Bar Reviews
  * Fashion and Gadgets
  * Market place
  * The Specials
    * Business and Industry
    * Trippin’ on Goa
    * Seasons With TD
    * India@75
    * Homegrown Brands We Love
    * Food and Drink Festival
  * Videos

__________

  * Travel
    * Fresh
    * Features
    * Destinations
    * Aviation
  * Hotels
    * Fresh
    * New Hotels
    * Features
  * Food and Drink
    * Fresh
    * Features
    * Love Local
    * Recipes
    * Restaurant and Bar Reviews
  * Fashion and Gadgets
  * Market place
  * The Specials
    * Business and Industry
    * Trippin’ on Goa
    * Seasons With TD
    * India@75
    * Homegrown Brands We Love
    * Food and Drink Festival
  * Videos

Food And Drink _,_  Recipes July 5, 2021

#  One chef, one recipe: Butter garlic black pepper prawns by Chef Tarun Sibal

_by_ Smita Tripathi

__ __ __ __ __ 0

##### _Chef Tarun Sibal shares the recipe of his signature dish from Titlie in
Goa. The dish is extremely popular and has been on the menu since the
beginning._

Chef Tarun Sibal is a champion of fresh ingredients

Tarun Sibal, the chef-entrepreneur whose restaurants – Titlie in Goa and
Street Storrys in Bangalore – are doing exceptionally well, having won several
awards and the love of their customers, believes food is all about great
taste.

He refers to his food philosophy as Gourmet Casual – serving warmth and joy on
a plate. He describes it as non-pretentious yet gourmet food, that makes the
familiar more exciting, and the non-familiar approachable.

Sibal is a champion for fresh produce and great ingredients and believes that
substandard ingredients cannot turn into quality produce.

He loves working with prawns as it is a very versatile protein that requires
minimum amount of work. “From a cocktail to a curry, it just does the magic,”
says Sibal.

He shares with us the recipe for his signature dish butter garlic black pepper
prawns with sambhar sauce and pol sombol. A staple dish at Titlie – Sibal’s
culinary bar and restaurant at Vagator in Goa – it has been on the menu from
the beginning.  

“It’s a testament to collaborative cuisine,” says Sibal. The dish has
inspirations from Singapore, Kerala and Sri Lanka. The black pepper butter
garlic has a thick Kerala sambhar sauce, and the pol sombol is from his last
Sri Lankan vacation where he spent 15 days covering the south-east coast.

 “It’s where two or more ingredients or styles jam on a plate and the result
is more than the sum of the ingredients,” he says.

## **Butter garlic black pepper prawns with sambhar sauce and pol sombol**

The butter garlic black pepper prawns is a signature dish at Titlie, Goa

**Ingredients:**

  * Prawns 6 to 8 PC’s
  * Black pepper 1 tablespoon
  * Garlic chopped 1 tablespoon
  * Oyster Sauce 1 tablespoon  
  * Butter 50 Gm
  * Salt to taste
  * Water
  * Sambhar Sauce - 100 ml
  * Fresh coconut - 100’gm
  * Red chili fresh - 2 pc
  * Madras shallots - 2 pcs
  * Lemons - 2 pcs
  * Cucumber – 1
  * Coriander and Fresh leaves – few sprigs

**Method:**

Heat the butter in a pan, add garlic and black pepper. Let it sweat, add
prawns, add oyster sauce and cook till the prawns are done, add 2 ml of lemon
juice.

Sambhar Sauce - blitz thick sambhar into a fine paste, add some oil, treat it
like a dressing

Pol Sombol – grate fresh coconut and chili together with a little shallot and
lemon rind. Plate it with a side salad of cucumber.

**Tags:** One Chef One Recipe

__ __ __ __ __ 0 Smita Tripathi July 5, 2021

**Recent Stories**

  * Business and Industry

###### Restaurateur Zorawar Kalra on why he employs data scientists

Traveldine Team August 7, 2022

  * Food And Drink _,_  Reviews

###### The real frontier food

Amit Dixit August 7, 2022

  * Business and Industry

###### Luxury travel in Turkey is inspired by OTTs, YouTube art videos

Traveldine Team August 7, 2022

  * Hotels _,_  Features

###### Seeking the sublime in Srinagar? Stay at Qayaam Gah

Priya Pathiyan August 6, 2022

  * Travel _,_  Destinations

###### All about the isolated North Sentinel Island that you can NEVER visit!

Sushmita Srivastav August 6, 2022

  * Business and Industry

###### Detroit will be America's busiest city for events in August

Traveldine Team August 6, 2022

  * Food And Drink _,_  Features

###### The ultimate list of brews to ring in International Beer Day

Caroline Felicia D’Almeida August 5, 2022

**Subscribe to the Newsletter**

SUBSCRIBE NOW

I would like to receive news and special offers.

**Categories**

  * Travel
    * Fresh
    * Features
    * Destinations
    * Aviation
  * Hotels
    * Fresh
    * New Hotels
    * Features
  * Food and Drink
    * Fresh
    * Features
    * Love Local
    * Recipes
    * Restaurant and Bar Reviews
  * Fashion and Gadgets
  * Market place
  * The Specials
    * Business and Industry
    * Trippin’ on Goa
    * Seasons With TD
    * India@75
    * Homegrown Brands We Love
    * Food and Drink Festival
  * Videos

TravelDine tracks the metamorphosis in the travel, hospitality and food &
drink industries as we get ready to face a transformed world.

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

**Subscribe to the Newsletter**

SUBSCRIBE NOW

I would like to receive news and special offers.

** Quick Links **

  * About TravelDine
  * Terms & Conditions
  * Privacy Policy

Copyright © 2021 Mediascope. All Right Reserved.

  * Travel __
    * Fresh
    * Features
    * Destinations
    * Aviation
  * Hotels __
    * Fresh
    * New Hotels
    * Features
  * Food and Drink __
    * Fresh
    * Features
    * Love Local
    * Recipes
    * Restaurant and Bar Reviews
  * Fashion and Gadgets
  * Market place
  * The Specials __
    * Business and Industry
    * Trippin’ on Goa
    * Seasons With TD
    * India@75
    * Homegrown Brands We Love
    * Food and Drink Festival
  * Videos
  * Newsletters
  * Web Stories

Copyright © 2021 Mediascope. All Right Reserved.

  * __
  * __
  * __

