https://www.awesomecuisine.com/recipes/16883/prawn-pepper-masala/


  * Vegetarian
    * Appetizers & Snacks
      * All Vegetarian Snacks
      * Bonda
      * Samosa
      * Sundal
      * Vada
      * Vadam and Vathal
      * Kebabs
    * Breads & Rice
      * Biryani
      * Naan
      * Paratha
      * Poori
      * Pulao
      * Rice
      * Roti
    * Vegetarian Mains
      * Curries and Gravies
      * Dal
      * Paneer
    * South Indian Food
      * All South Indian Recipes
      * Kootu
      * Sambar
      * Rasam
      * Idli
      * Dosa
    * Vegetarian Sides
      * All Side Dishes
      * Chutneys and Sauces
      * Raita
  * Non Vegetarian
    * Egg
    * Chicken
    * Crab
    * Fish
    * Mutton
    * Prawn
    * Shrimp
  * Fast Food
    * Burgers
    * Chaat
    * Pasta
    * Pizza
    * Sandwich
  * Beverages
    * Cocktails
    * Fruit Juices
    * Lassi
    * Milkshakes
    * Mocktails
    * Smoothies
  * Desserts & Sweets
    * Sweets
      * All Sweets
      * Burfi
      * Halwa
      * Kesari
      * Laddu
    * Desserts
      * All Desserts
      * Cakes
      * Chocolate
      * Cookies
      * Ice Cream
      * Kheer
  * Tamil Recipes
  * Health
    * Salad
      * Salad Dressings
    * Soup
    * Pregnancy and Postnatal
  * International
    * Chinese
    * French
    * Italian
    * Mediterranean
    * Mexican
    * Middle Eastern
    * Spanish
    * Thai
    * Vietnamese
  * More
    * Food Guide
    * Kids Recipes
    * Indian Festival Recipes
    * Fruits & Vegetables

__

__

__

Home __Non Vegetarian __Seafood __Prawn __ Prawn Pepper Masala

Prawn

# Prawn Pepper Masala

_2.5k_ views

The combination of pepper and ginger-garlic paste gives a rich and tantalizing
flavor to this delicacy.

Jump to Recipe

Prawn is among the most loved seafood which is also preferred due to its
nutritious and aphrodisiac properties. It tastes simply amazing especially
when it is natural flavor blends with the musty and strong flavors of spices.

Prawn Pepper Masala recipe is a dish that you would easily find in seafood
restaurants especially those that are located by the beach side. You will also
find it in the small shops and vendor stalls located on the beaches of the
coastal regions of India.

The combination of pepper and ginger-garlic paste gives a rich and tantalizing
flavor to this delicacy. Kids relish them as they love to munch in the juicy
prawn meat stuffed with the spicy jest of the ingredients.

Clean the prawns carefully before using them in the recipe. Also, do not
forget to remove the thin wire like thread located in their backside as they
might startle you as you eat the prawns. Some people prefer to fry it in ghee
but health-conscious people tend to use low-fat oil to make it healthier for
them.

Like any other seafood, prawns also contain selenium which is important for
the health of our body cells. Prawns are healthy for bones as they are full of
phosphorous, magnesium, copper, etc. Prawns are also a rich source of vitamins
and iron which boost your immunity and make you stronger and healthier.
Therefore, it is a good option to include Prawn Pepper Masala in your diet
regularly.

You can easily find this recipe in restaurants and hotels but you never know
if they are using a premium quality oil. Therefore, it is better to cook this
spicy delicacy in your home and you can have it with rice or roti for your
lunch or dinner.

No ratings yet

## Prawn Pepper Masala Recipe

The combination of pepper and ginger-garlic paste gives a rich and tantalizing
flavor to this delicacy.

Prep Time15 mins

Cook Time15 mins

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Indian

Keyword: prawn

## Ingredients for Prawn Pepper Masala

  * 250 gms Prawns cleaned, deveined, washed
  * 1/4 cup Onions finely chopped
  * 2 nos Green Chillies finely chopped
  * 3 tsp Ginger Garlic Paste
  * 1 no Tomato finely chopped
  * a pinch Turmeric Powder
  * 3 tsp Black Pepper Powder
  * handful Coriander Leaves finely chopped
  * as per taste Salt
  * 2 tblsp Oil
  * 3/4 inch Cinnamon
  * 1 tsp Saunf
  * few Curry Leaves

## How to make Prawn Pepper Masala

  * Heat oil in a pan over medium flame.

  * Fry the cinnamon, saunf and curry leaves for 30 seconds.

  * Add the onions and saute until golden.

  * Add the ginger garlic paste and stir-fry for a minute.

  * Add the green chillies and tomatoes.

  * Stir well and cook for a minute more.

  * Add the prawns, turmeric powder and salt. Add 2 to 3 tblsp water if required.

  * Stir well.

  * When the gravy starts to thicken and prawns are cooked, sprinkle pepper powder and coriander leaves.

  * Remove from flame.

  * Serve.

previous post

##### Pepper Chicken Fry

next post

##### Mysore Masala Dosa

##### Praveen Kumar

Praveen Kumar is the founder of Awesome Cuisine. He started Awesome Cuisine in
2008 to showcase the rich culinary heritage of India and also as a means to
track his love for food. A Digital Marketer by profession and a foodie by
passion, he has been involved in food ever since his school days.

________

#### You may also like

###  Crispy Fried Prawns

###  Creamy Garlic Prawns

###  Chilli Prawns

###  Konkani Masala Prawns

###  Eral Milagu Varuval (Prawn Pepper Fry)

###  Eral Varuval (South Indian Prawn Fry)

### Leave a Comment Cancel Reply

### Search Recipes

__

### Popular Recipes

  * ####  Vanilla Sponge Cake 

  * ####  Home Made Cake 

  * ####  Soan Papdi 

  * ####  Smiley Face Potatoes (Homemade Potato Smiley) 

  * ####  Hong Kong Chicken 

### Recent Recipes

  * ####  Gunpowder Chicken 

  * ####  Chicken Teriyaki 

  * ####  Chaman Kaliya 

  * ####  Paneer Lababdar 

  * ####  Channa Chaat (Chickpeas Chaat) 

  * ####  Fattoush 

### Food Glossary

  * Conversions and Equivalents
  * Indian Fruit Names in English, Hindi and Tamil
  * Indian Vegetable Names in English, Hindi, Tamil, Telugu & Kannada
  * Names of Indian Condiments and Spices in Tamil, Telugu, Kannada, Hindi and English

### Follow Awesome Cuisine

__ Facebook __ Twitter __ Instagram __ Pinterest

  * Indian Recipes
  * About
  * Contact Us
  * Press and Media
  * Privacy Policy

Copyright Â© 2022 Awesome Cuisine.

__

__

__

  * Vegetarian
    * Appetizers & Snacks
      * All Vegetarian Snacks
      * Bonda
      * Samosa
      * Sundal
      * Vada
      * Vadam and Vathal
      * Kebabs
    * Breads & Rice
      * Biryani
      * Naan
      * Paratha
      * Poori
      * Pulao
      * Rice
      * Roti
    * Vegetarian Mains
      * Curries and Gravies
      * Dal
      * Paneer
    * South Indian Food
      * All South Indian Recipes
      * Kootu
      * Sambar
      * Rasam
      * Idli
      * Dosa
    * Vegetarian Sides
      * All Side Dishes
      * Chutneys and Sauces
      * Raita
  * Non Vegetarian
    * Egg
    * Chicken
    * Crab
    * Fish
    * Mutton
    * Prawn
    * Shrimp
  * Fast Food
    * Burgers
    * Chaat
    * Pasta
    * Pizza
    * Sandwich
  * Beverages
    * Cocktails
    * Fruit Juices
    * Lassi
    * Milkshakes
    * Mocktails
    * Smoothies
  * Desserts & Sweets
    * Sweets
      * All Sweets
      * Burfi
      * Halwa
      * Kesari
      * Laddu
    * Desserts
      * All Desserts
      * Cakes
      * Chocolate
      * Cookies
      * Ice Cream
      * Kheer
  * Tamil Recipes
  * Health
    * Salad
      * Salad Dressings
    * Soup
    * Pregnancy and Postnatal
  * International
    * Chinese
    * French
    * Italian
    * Mediterranean
    * Mexican
    * Middle Eastern
    * Spanish
    * Thai
    * Vietnamese
  * More
    * Food Guide
    * Kids Recipes
    * Indian Festival Recipes
    * Fruits & Vegetables

