https://savorysweetlife.com/salt-and-pepper-garlic-prawns/


Savory Sweet Life

Simply Delicious Recipes for Everyday Living

# Salt and Pepper Garlic Prawns

Last update: July 2, 2016 By Alice Currah 12 Comments

  
Nothing is more disappointing than being psyched up to eat something epic only
to discover it's mediocre. During my last couple visits to Hawaii I always
make it a priority to eat as the locals do. Instead of hitting the beaches to
soak up of the sun, I put on a pair of good walking shoes and do a self-guided
food crawl with a list of must-visit places to eat. While on Oahu, visiting
the famous shrimp trucks in the North Shore is a given but what bothers me the
most about these trucks are how their reputations built this out of body
experience hope that must be tried in order to understand the hype. I won't
pick on any singular shrimp truck, but I will say this much. I wasn't so
impressed that any of these trucks blew me away like I hoped and expected. It
boiled down to cooked shrimp swimming in a bath of melted butter and tossed in
what tasted like jarred chopped garlic, which in and of itself has a
distinguishable flavor. I'm not trying to be a purist but the difference in
flavor between jarred garlic and fresh garlic is like night and day.

While shopping Costco yesterday they had a fresh seafood station selling
seafood by the pound, which is something to get excited about because it is
the only time I can buy whatever amount I want, not dictated by large quantity
units. Although I wasn't planning on buying anything I did ask the guy
enclosed by the four seafood stations if I could buy just a half pound of
jumbo black tiger prawns. When he told me it wouldn't be a problem I ordered a
half pound which came to $6.50. Not bad considering if I ordered a similar
quantity and quality of prawns off a dinner menu somewhere, I would probably
pay at least triple, more like quadruple.

As I gave it some thought on how I wanted to prepare these meaty prawns I kept
thinking of the Northshore food trucks and how there had to be a better way.
Giving it some thought I thought about how much I love eating salt and pepper
prawns from my favorite Chinese food restaurant. Then I had this thought, how
could I fuse the two in a complimentary way.  

In order for shrimp or prawns to have any flavor, they should be brined.
Having some red Hawaiian seal salt on hand I massage prawns with some salt
despite they were shell on. The shells add so much flavor and also protect the
meat inside from charring and in some cases overcooking too quickly. After
about 10 minutes I add water to make a water brine solution. This is so the
the meat can pull some of the salt and season the seafood which also helps
with tenderizing.

After draining the prawns and patting them with a paper towel I sprinkle them
with a little corn starch. My thought process behind this is to give it a
little bit of texture so the butter and seasonings have something to adhere
to, and I was right.

After frying the prawns briefly on both sides in coconut oil I like to remove
the prawns immediately. I add butter and fresh chopped garlic in the pan.
After half a minute I return the prawns back to the pan and continue to fry
for a half a minute longer on both sides while seasoning gently with black
pepper.

  
  
  
The goal then becomes to not burn the garlic but to finish off coking the
shrimp and allow the garlic to cook to a brown nearly crispy state. By now
there may many bits of garlic stuck to the pan. I like to add just a teaspoon
of dry sherry to the pan to help any stuck pieces of garlic loosen from the
pan as well as to give the butter garlic mixture a little bit more depth.  
After sprinkling with the salt and pepper, I like to pour the remaining garlic
and butter over our finished dish and top it off with cilantro. I kid you not,
this was one of the most best prawn dishes I have ever had, no joke.

To eat the shrimp, you put the whole thing in your mouth and pretty much suck
all the salty peppery cilantro and garlic butter flavor off the shell before
removing the shell completely (and quickly) and eating the prawns. It's so
ridiculously good. The prawns are perfectly cooked and tender and is not over
powdered by any one ingredient.

Next time I go to Hawaii, I think I'll skip the garlic shrimp trucks and
instead eat shaved ice only. At least until I find a way to make silky shaved
ice. And I'm pretty sure the answer to that is never. Enjoy!  
  

Print

Salt and Pepper Garlic Prawns

Author: Savory Sweet Life / Alice Currah

Cuisine: Asian

Prep time:  10 mins

Cook time:  5 mins

Total time:  15 mins

Serves: 2-4



A succulent recipe for salt and pepper garlic prawns inspired by the Hawaiian
Northshore Food trucks

Ingredients

  * ½ pound jumbo prawns (about 12 of them), simple peel, shell split & deveined
  * 1 tablespoon red Hawaiian sea salt (Kosher salt works fine too)
  * 1 tablespoon corn starch
  * 1 tablespoon coconut oil
  * fresh ground pepper
  * 1½ tablespoons butter
  * 6 large cloves fresh garlic, chopped
  * Hawaiian sea salt and fresh black pepper
  * 1 teaspoon dry sherry or white wine
  * 3 tablespoons chopped cilantro

Instructions

  1. In a medium bowl, toss the prawns with the salt. Massage the prawns with the salt for 10 seconds, set aside for 10 minutes.
  2. Fill the bowl with just enough water to cover the prawns. Allow the shrimp to rest in the brine for 15 minutes.
  3. Strain the shrimp and pat dry with a paper town. Do not rinse.
  4. Sprinkle the starch over each side of the prawns.
  5. Heat a frying pan on medium heat with coconut oil.
  6. When the pan is hot, add the prawns. Cook each side for 1 minute and season with black pepper.
  7. The shells will appear dark orange and cooked but the meat will be slightly raw. Remove the shrimp to a plate immediately.
  8. Add the butter and garlic to the pan. As the butter melts, grab the handle of the pan and swirl the garlic around. The goal is not to burn the garlic.
  9. Once the butter is nearly melted completely, add back the prawns and cook for an additional 30 seconds on each side, seasoning with a touch of Hawaiian sea salt and more pepper.
  10. Garlic should be slightly browned and even crispy but not burnt.
  11. Remove the prawns to a serving bowl or plate.
  12. Some of the garlic may have stuck to the pan. Add the sherry and using a wood spoon, scrape the bottom of the pan so all the garlic is loose. Cooking time is less than 20 seconds. Pour the butter garlic mixture over the prawns.
  13. Finish the dish off with the chopped cilantro.
  14. Eat immediately.

3.2.1753

  

Filed Under: Main Dishes Seafood Tagged With: Asian, garlic, Gluten-Free, Low-
carb, paleo, Prawns, shrimp

« Yogurt Granola Fruit Tart

How to Make Authentic Chai »

### Comments

  1. Alice Currah says

April 1, 2014 at 2:06 am

Great to hear, Jeff. Thanks for stopping by!

  2. Woodinville Wine Country says

March 26, 2014 at 10:15 pm

Wow, looks amazing! We love salt and pepper shrimp too and after a salty meal,
we like to drink white wine of course!

  3. Jeff @ Cheese-burger.net says

March 24, 2014 at 2:24 am

These prawns are amazing! Their dancing in my taste buds!d

  4. Alice Currah says

March 21, 2014 at 12:50 pm

Glad you liked it Lori. We made this again a few days ago and we absolutely
love it.

  5. Lori says

March 20, 2014 at 5:07 pm

Made this last night (doubled it) for kids who looked so suspiciously at m,
but then soon we were all inhaling this. Thanks, a real keeper. It was like a
restaurant meal.

  6. Lynna says

March 16, 2014 at 7:07 pm

This dish looks delicious! I absolutely love salt and pepper shrimp/prawns!

  7. Hana says

March 9, 2014 at 11:55 pm

I too was disappointed with the shrimp from the North Shore shrimp trucks on
Oahu. So I was excited to try your recipe. The brining made the shrimp too
salty and mushy. Next time, I would omit that step.

  8. Denise says

March 8, 2014 at 11:52 am

These look and sound insanely good. The first time I hit the shrimp truck some
15+ years ago, they were great. Then a couple years after that, not so
wonderful anymore; like most great things, once they become popular to the
masses, everything changes. Have to add this to our must make list - Lenny
LOVES shrimp, and will dig this recipe.

  9. alice says

March 5, 2014 at 12:49 am

Hi Beth Ann,  
I like cooking with coconut oil because it is a high temp cooking oil, the
flavor is mostly neutral and what little coconut flavor there is compliments
the shrimp nicely, and sometimes the flavor of olive oils can ruin a dish. You
could use canola oil as well.

  10. Beth Ann says

March 4, 2014 at 5:30 am

why coconut oil for frying?

  11. cheri says

March 3, 2014 at 4:50 pm

Never heard of brining shrimp before but it makes so much sense. Great tips
and pics.

  12. jenjenk says

March 3, 2014 at 12:22 pm

Wow, Alice!! That looks amazing!!!!

I was *just* wondering what to do with the last batch of shrimp I had in my
freezer!!! this is perfect!

If you've enjoyed this free recipe (or post), please support us by
recommending and sharing it with others in your social networks. Thank you!

### Leave a Reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Recipe Rating

Rate this recipe:  

Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

Notify me of new posts by email.

#### HELLO

Hi, and welcome to Savory Sweet Life. I am so glad you are here! My name is
Alice Currah and you'll find easy delicious recipes to feed your family and
other useful tips for everyday living.  Continue reading more about Alice....

#### RECIPE SEARCH

#### Categories

CategoriesSelect
CategoryAppetizersBeveragesBreadsBreakfastCondimentCondimentsDessertsDinnerEntertainingExperienceGiveawayHolidaysKetoLifeLunchMain
Dish TurkeyMain Dishes - BeefMain Dishes - ChickenMain Dishes - PorkMain
Dishes SeafoodMain Dishes VegetarianParentingPastaSaladsSide
DishesSnackSoupsTravelUseful Household Tips

Savory Sweet Life participates in affiliate programs including Amazon Services
LLC Associates Program. SSL may earn fees linking to products and services at
no additional cost to you.

#### MOST POPULAR

  * Buttercream Frosting – How to Make Buttercream Frosting 

  * How to Microwave Salmon 

  * How to Roast Garlic 

  * Shaping Perfect Hamburger Patties 

#### SUBSCRIBE BY EMAIL

Copyright (C) 2022 * Savory Sweet Life | Alice Currah

Privacy Policy

