https://www.whiskaffair.com/garlic-butter-shrimp-recipe/


﻿

  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * Indian Recipes
  * Meal Type
    * Salads
    * Soups
    * Appetizers
    * Main Course
    * Desserts
  * My Cookbook
  * Subscribe
  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Father’s Day Brunch Recipes
  * Recipe Index
  * Indian Recipes
  * My Cookbook

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

×

Whisk Affair » Recipes » Meal Type » Snacks/ Appetizers » Garlic Butter Shrimp

Published: Jun 25, 2020 | Last Updated On: Jul 18, 2020 by Neha Mathur

# Garlic Butter Shrimp

2135 shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe

Super easy to make party appetizer or side which gets done in under 10
minutes, Lemon Garlic Butter Shrimp is a must-try dish. Made with few basic
ingredients, these shrimps in butter and garlic sauce are a crowd-pleaser.

Here are more Shrimp recipes, that will surely satisfy your taste buds –
Shrimp Chow Mein, Shrimp Stir Fry, Bacon Wrapped Shrimp, Shrimp Quinoa Fried
Rice, and Baked Garlic Parmesan Shrimp.

Jump to:

  * About This Recipe
  * Ingredients
  * Step By Step Recipe
  * Frequently Asked Questions
  * Serving Suggestions
  * Storage Suggestions
  * Recipe Card

## About This Recipe

Lemon Butter Garlic Shrimps are an easy to put appetizer that can be done in
15 minutes and is super tasty, spicy, juicy, and a crowd-pleaser.

The garlicky lemony butter sauce is the show stopper and brings out the flavor
of shrimps. If like me you also love garlic, this is the dish for you.

You can serve it an appetizer or stir some pasta in the butter garlic sauce
for a perfect quick dinner.

It is my go-to recipe when I need to stir up something in a hurry or if I am
hosting a party. Quick yet delectable!

These butter garlic shrimps are spicy, just the right amount. Red chilli
flakes add the adequate amount of heat to make this dish much more delicious

I promise it will be devoured in no time and will surely satisfy your taste
buds to the T.

These Butter Garlic Shrimps are,

  * easy to make
  * an affair of 15 minutes
  * perfect to serve as an appetizer
  * made with limited ingredients
  * a great side dish for your brunch parties

## Ingredients

**Shrimps** – You can use any shrimps to make this delicious dish. A good
source of protein, you can include this in your everyday meals.

**Butter** – This dish is loaded with butter and the taste it brings to the
dish is delicious. Therefore, don’t compromise on this ingredient here.

**Lemon** – Lemon juice adds that perfect amount of tanginess in this dish
along when added to the buttery sauce. You can even use lime juice.

**Garlic** – I love the flavor of garlic in this one, and that’s why I add a
lot of it. It really brings out the flavors in this simple dish. Do not
compromise on this one either.

**Red Chilli Flakes** – To add that much need spiciness in the tangy lemon
butter sauce, I have added some red chilli flakes. You can increase or
decrease the quantity of red chilli flakes according to your taste.

**Other Ingredients** – Other than these, you will need olive oil, cornflour,
parsley, brine, salt, and pepper.

## Step By Step Recipe

Heat a pan and add olive oil in it.

When the oil just starts to smoke, add the shrimps and let them sizzle for a
minute.

Add garlic and cook for another minute.

Add fresh parsley, brine from capers, salt, pepper and red chilli flakes and
cook for 2 minutes.

Now add the butter, cornstarch slurry, and lemon juice and cook until butter
melts and prawns are cooked well.

Mix lemon juice and garnish with more fresh parsley. Serve hot.

## Frequently Asked Questions

**How to cook shrimp perfectly?**

It is important that you cook shrimps perfectly, as it is easy to overcook
shrimps, if you are not careful.  
  
Shrimps will have a pink exterior when perfectly cooked. Shrimps should be
slightly opaque and white in colour.  
  
It should take 5-7 mins t cook the shrimp, depending on the size of shrimps
you have bought. Once done, they should be pink in colour.  

**How to make these in Oven?**

To make garlic butter shrimps in the oven, preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.  
  
Mix finely chopped garlic, fresh Parsley, brine from capers, salt & pepper,
red chilli flakes, butter, cornstarch, and lemon juice in a bowl.  
  
Brush a baking sheet with olive oil and line shrimps on it. Drizzle the butter
mixture over the shrimp and gently toss.  
  
Place the shrimps in the oven and bake for 8 minutes until pink and cooked.
Garnish with parsley and serve hot.

**Is it healthy to eat Shrimp?**

Shrimp contains a good amount of Cholesterol, but it is also low in calories
and a great source of Vitamin D, B, and Omega 3 fatty Acids. Eating Shrimps in
a Butter Sauce is not actually healthy, but you should eat everything in
moderation. Right?

**What kind of Shrimps should we buy?**

I will recommend you to use medium-sized shrimps, but you can also choose
other sized shrimps of your choice. Also if you can buy them peeled and
deveined, so that you can quickly whip up this recipe.

**Can we use Frozen Shrimps to make this dish?**

Yes, you can use frozen shrimps. Thaw them to room temperature and then use
them in this recipe.

## Serving Suggestions

These garlic butter shrimps can be served as an appetizer or a side dish.
Serve with a dip or mayonnaise or mustard. I love to make a nice Yum Yum Sauce
serve with this dish.

To make a complete dinner, you can stir in some pasta in the butter garlic
sauce and add garlic butter shrimps and serve.

These shrimps make a great combination with rice as well. You can stir up a
quick dinner with shrimps on steamed or butter garlic fried rice bed.

Serve it with mashed potatoes or toss it on a salad or with some grilled
veggies

## Storage Suggestions

You can refrigerate the leftover for up to 4 days. Reheat in the oven for a
minute.  
Use fresh herbs if possible to get the best flavors.

It makes a lot of difference. If you can find fresh, green garlic, finely chop
it and use it. Also if you are making garlic butter prawns in an oven, you
line a few slices of lemon on the baking sheet. It gives a beautiful aroma to
the dish.

You can freeze these shrimp for upto 2 months. Thaw on the counter and then
heat until warmed well.

**You might also like** :

  * Pomfret Fry

  * Roasted Zucchini

  * Refreshing Watermelon Feta Salad With Mint

  * Melting Potatoes

## Recipe Card

Loved this recipe?Click here to leave a review and give us a five star rating
★★★★★

## Garlic Butter Shrimp Recipe

**Lemon Garlic Butter Shrimp** is super easy to make party appetizer or side
which gets done in under 10 minutes. Made with few basic ingredients, these
shrimp in butter and garlic sauce are a crowd pleaser. Here is how to make
Garlic Butter Shrimp Recipe.

3.78 from 9 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Appetizer, Side Dish

Cuisine: Continental

Prep Time: 5 minutes

Cook Time: 10 minutes

Total Time: 15 minutes

Servings: 4 people

Calories: 125kcal

Author: Neha Mathur

### Equipment

  * ▢ 

Pan

### Ingredients

1x2x3x

  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Olive Oil
  * ▢ 20-25 Medium Shrimp (Cleaned and Deveined)
  * ▢ 3 tablespoon Garlic (Finely Chopped)
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon Fresh Parsley (Finely Chopped)
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Brine from capers
  * ▢ Salt & Pepper
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon Red Chilli Flakes
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon Butter
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon Cornstarch (Dissolved in 1 teaspoon water)
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Lemon Juice

US Customary or Metric

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Instructions

  * Heat a pan and add olive oil in it.

  * When the oil just starts to smoke, add the shrimps and let them sizzle for a minute.

  * Add garlic and cook for another minute.

  * Add fresh parsley, brine from capers, salt, pepper and red chilli flakes and cook for 2 minutes.

  * Now add the butter, cornstarch slurry and lemon juice and cook until butter melts and prawns are cooked well.

  * Mix lemon juice and garnish with more fresh parsley.

  * Serve hot.

### Notes

If garlic greens are in season, add them for added flavour. Chop them fine
before adding.

Do not over cook the prawns other they will become chewy.

### Nutrition

Calories: 125kcal | Carbohydrates: 3g | Protein: 7g | Fat: 10g | Saturated
Fat: 4g | Cholesterol: 91mg | Sodium: 294mg | Potassium: 68mg | Fiber: 1g |
Sugar: 1g | Vitamin A: 485IU | Vitamin C: 7.1mg | Calcium: 57mg | Iron: 1mg

Pin this recipe for later use!I LOVE to see your creations so pin and mention
@WhiskAffair!

Sign up for regular updates?I would love to have you as part of my journey.
Click to sign up!

« Pumpkin Banana Bread

Raita »

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Merlyn Shenoy

June 28, 2019 at 4:20 pm

Hi Neha, The Garlic Butter Shrimp recipe looks great. Can I substitute the
Brine from capers with some other ingredient?

Reply

    * Neha Mathur

July 05, 2019 at 4:25 pm

Hi Merlyn, Thans a lot. You can replace it with some vinegar.

Reply

### Did you make this recipe? Let me know! Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Sign me up for the newsletter!

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

### Hey! Nice to meet you

Hi! I'm Neha, Blogger & Recipe Expert behind Whisk Affair. I've nurtured Whisk
Affair since 2012 by trying & testing every recipe published. Be sure that it
will turn out good each time! Read More about me…

### Stay Connected

  *   *   *   *   * 

### My Cookbook

**Buy Now on Amazon**

### Father's Day Brunch Recipes

  * Tropical Dragon Fruit Smoothie (Pitaya Smoothie)

  * Ragi Banana Pancakes

  * Crispy Air Fryer Buffalo Tofu Bites

  * Berry Blast Smoothie (No Banana)

  * Biscoff Oats (Cookie Butter Oats)

  * Air Fryer Hard Boiled Eggs

### Most Popular Recipes

  * Hibachi Fried Rice

  * Lemon Garlic Baked Tilapia

  * Creamy Garlic Parmesan Sauce

  * Lemon Tea

  * Chicken Clear Soup

  * Scrambled Egg Whites

## Footer

* * *

^ back to top

**About**

About Neha

My Cookbook

**Stay Connected**

Sign up! for emails and updates

Contact Me

**Policies**

Privacy Policy

Terms & Conditions

Accessibility Policy

Copyright © 2022 **WhiskAffair Food LLP**

