https://myfoodstory.com/baby-corn-fry/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Meet Richa
  * __
  * find a recipe

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

find a recipe

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Meet Richa

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram

×

Home » Appetizers

Published: May 13, 2022 · Modified: May 13, 2022 by Rishika Komarla · This
post may contain affiliate links.

# Crispy Baby Corn Fry

__Pin 9

 __Share

 __WhatsApp

 __Email

9 Shares

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

**_If you have never had baby corn fry, believe me, you are missing out! This
dish is crunchy, tasty, and pretty easy to make too. Definitely checks all the
boxes for a great snack! Serve as is with your favourite dip or toss it in
some sauces to make a quick starter; either way, this one’s going to be hit!
_**

My days feel incomplete without an evening snack. Even on a hectic day, I try
my best to spend at least 15 minutes with a warm snack and a piping hot cup of
tea. This is easily one of my favourite daily rituals. I guess that's why I am
always on the lookout for quick and easy snack recipe ideas.

Baby corn fry is one of my favourite 5 pm snacks, and something I make pretty
often. Apart from the fact that it tastes great, it has such a satisfying
crunch, doesn’t need any fancy ingredients, and can be put together in 20
minutes flat. It really doesn’t get better than this!

## **Ingredients you’ll need** to make Crispy Baby Corn Fry

**Baby corn:** Both fresh and tinned baby corn work for this recipe. I have
used fresh baby corn here. If you are using canned baby corn, drain the water
thoroughly and follow the same steps mentioned in the recipe.

**Flours** : You’d need all-purpose flour (maida), corn flour and rice flour
to make the perfect batter that delivers crispy baby corn fries. Maida coats
the baby corn really well, corn flour gives it the beautiful golden-brown
colour, while rice flour delivers a light, airy and crunchy coating.  

**Spices:** Salt, red chilli powder and ground pepper powder for taste and
seasoning.

**Oil:** Any white oil with a high smoke point such as peanut, canola, rice
bran, etc. works well here.

## **How to Make Crispy Baby Corn Fry**

**Step 01: Make the batter**

Take about two tablespoons each of maida, corn flour and rice flour. Add some
salt, red chilli powder and pepper powder to it. Slowly add water as needed to
make a medium-thick batter.

**Step 02: Batter coat baby corn**

Toss sliced baby corn into the batter and coat the pieces properly.

**Step 03: Deep fry baby corn**

In a frying pan, heat a little oil. Once the oil is hot enough, add in the
batter-coated baby corn and fry them on medium heat until golden-brown and
crispy. Remove from the pan and serve hot.

## **Richa’s Top Tips to make the Best Crispy Baby Corn  **Fry

  * Slit the baby corn in half lengthwise to ensure that it gets cooked really well from inside and becomes soft and tender. You can fry it whole as well but it’ll take longer to cook
  * When frying baby corn, make sure to keep the flame on medium to achieve perfectly crispy results and a lovely golden-brown colour. 
  * Avoid overcrowding the pan when deep frying as this will bring down the temperature of oil and result in limp fried baby corn. 
  * This recipe is naturally vegan, and you can make it gluten-free by replacing all-purpose flour with chickpea flour or besan. 
  * If you want to take this recipe a notch higher and serve it as a starter or a side dish, check out my **crispy babycorn chilli **recipe. It’s a quick and simple recipe, and is the perfect dish for all Indo-Chinese lovers! 

If you, like me, enjoy making snacks that are not only quick and delicious but
can also double up as a meal with just a few extra steps, then this baby corn
fry is right up your alley! This snack pairs well with a variety of dips and I
usually alternate between serving it with **green coriander chutney**, **Thai
sweet chilli sauce** , **garlicky yoghurt dip** and some plain old ketchup. Be
sure to make extras, because these go really fast!

**LOVE THIS RECIPE?** Subscribe to my **newsletter** and be the first to
receive all new recipes!

## Crispy Baby corn Fry

Crispy, crunchy baby corn fry is ridiculously easy and so addictive. It's the
perfect 5 PM, rainy day snack and very kid-friendly.

5 from 3 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Snacks & Appetizers

Cuisine: Continental, Indian Chinese

Diet: Vegan, Vegetarian

Prep Time: 5 minutes

Cook Time: 10 minutes

Total Time: 15 minutes

Servings: 4 people

Calories: 186kcal

Author: Richa

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 200 grams Baby Corn cut into half lengthwise
  * ▢ 2 Tablespoons All Purpose Flour
  * ▢ 2 Tablespoons Corn Flour
  * ▢ 2 Tablespoons Rice Flour
  * ▢ 1 Teaspoon Red Chilli Powder optional
  * ▢ 1 Teaspoon Soy Sauce
  * ▢ ½ Teaspoon Salt
  * ▢ ½ Teaspoon Black Pepper freshly ground
  * ▢ 6 Tablespoons Water
  * ▢ Oil for frying

### Instructions

  * Combine all purpose flour, rice flour, corn flour, chilli powder, soy sauce, salt, pepper and water in a bow. Whisk to make a smooth batter.

  * Add baby corn and mix well. Use your hands to mix this in as it ensures the baby corn gets coated with the batter evenly.

  * Set up a deep pan or a kadai with oil and heat it up for deep frying. Once hot, add the battered baby corn one by one. Fry for 6-7 minutes on a low flame. Turn the flame to high and fry for 1-2 minutes or until golden brown.

  * Use a skimmer to carefully remove the baby corn from the oil and transfer to a plate lined with a clean kitchen towel or tissue paper. Serve hot along with a dipping sauce!

### Notes

  * **Prep the baby corn:** Slit the baby corn in half lengthwise to ensure that it gets cooked really well from inside and becomes soft and tender. You can fry it whole as well but it’ll take longer to cook
  * **Frying:** When frying baby corn, make sure to keep the flame on medium to achieve perfectly crispy results and a lovely golden-brown colour. Avoid overcrowding the pan when deep frying as this will bring down the temperature of oil and result in limp fried baby corn. 
  * This recipe is naturally vegan, and you can make it **gluten-free** by replacing all-purpose flour with chickpea flour or besan. 
  * If you want to take this recipe a notch higher and serve it as a starter or a side dish, check out my _**crispy babycorn chilli**_ recipe. It’s a quick and simple recipe, and is the perfect dish for all Indo-Chinese lovers! 

### Nutrition

Calories: 186kcal | Carbohydrates: 20g | Protein: 3g | Fat: 11g | Saturated
Fat: 1g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 3g | Monounsaturated Fat: 7g | Trans Fat: 1g |
Sodium: 385mg | Potassium: 132mg | Fiber: 2g | Sugar: 2g | Vitamin A: 281IU |
Vitamin C: 3mg | Calcium: 6mg | Iron: 1mg

Subscribe Today!Sign-up here Email List!

__Pin 9

 __Share

 __WhatsApp

 __Email

9 Shares

« How to Cook Hard Boiled Eggs

Mango Shrikhand »

###

* This post may contain affiliate links.

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Kavitha says

July 20, 2022 at 12:04 pm

  
Made this last weekend and it turned out super crispy and delicious! The
batter was perfectly seasoned too. I tossed it in some peri peri powder too to
make it extra spicy!

Reply

  2. Aaisha says

July 20, 2022 at 12:02 pm

  
Tried this recipe and the babycorn fry turned out quite crispy and super
binge-worthy!!!

Reply

  3. Rishika Komarla says

July 20, 2022 at 12:02 pm

  
Made this last weekend and it turned out super crispy and delicious! The
batter was perfectly seasoned too. I tossed it in some peri peri powder too to
make it extra spicy!

Reply

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Cooked this? Rate this recipe! Cooked this? Rate this recipe!  
  
  
  
  

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi I'm Richa!** the cook, writer and photographer behind this little blog.
I’ve grown up in the kitchen along side my mum and grandmothers and
conversations in my family are always about the next meal. I’ve picked up
their love for food along the way, and with this blog, I share my food story
with you.

### TOP RECIPES

  * Idli Dosa Batter - For soft idlis and crispy dosas!

  * Crispy Honey Chilli Potatoes - so easy to make at home!

  * Restaurant Style Paneer Butter Masala

  * Dhaba Style Chicken Curry

  * The Best Chicken Biryani (Step by step video recipe)

  * Soft Rotis - How to make them at home

* * *

### Christmas Favourites

  * Creamy Garlic Mashed Potatoes

  * Roasted Spatchcock Chicken with Orange Rosemary

  * Herb Garlic Roast Chicken

  * Danish Brown Butter Cookies - Perfect for gifting

  * How to make Panna Cotta - Classic Vanilla!

  * Last Minute Plum Cake (Christmas Fruit Cake)

## Footer

↑ back to top

* * *

###

  * Privacy Policy
  * Disclaimer
  * Copyright

###

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates

###

  * About

© COPYRIGHT 2022 MY FOOD STORY

(C) Copyright 2022 My Food Story

