http://www.tasty-indian-recipes.com/indo-chinese/veg-schezwan-fried-rice-recipe/


__

__

__

  * Veg __
    * Vegetable Recipes
    * Paneer Recipes
    * Rice Recipes
    * Indian Dal Recipes
    * Indian Bread
    * Paratha Recipes
  * Non Veg __
    * Chicken
    * Chicken Kebab Recipes
    * Mutton Recipes
    * Egg
    * Fish
  * Indo Chinese
  * Snacks __
    * Indian Snack Recipes
    * Indian Chaat Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
  * Kebab
  * Breakfast
  * Accompaniment __
    * Chutney
    * Raita Recipes
    * Sweets Recipes
    * Desserts
    * Soup Recipes
    * Cake Recipes
    * Chocolate Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Jam, Jelly and Candy Recipes
    * Pudding Recipes
    * Salad Recipes
    * Pickle Recipes
  * Regional __
    * Bengali Recipes
    * Gujrati Recipes
    * Goan Recipes
    * Hyderabadi Recipes
    * Kashmiri Recipes
    * Maharashtrian Recipes
    * Punjabi Recipes
    * Rajasthani Recipes
    * Sindhi Recipes
    * South Indian Recipes
    * North Indian Recipes
  * More __
    * Beverages
    * Pizza Recipes
    * Articles
    * Indian Cooking Glossary
    * Healthy Cooking
    * Kitchen Care

__

Search

  * Veg Recipes
  * Chicken Recipes
  * IndoChinese
  * Snack
  * Fast Cooking
  * Breakfast
  * Kebab
  * Chutney
  * Easy
  * Pizza
  * Sandwich
  * Egg

__

Tasty Indian Recipes

__

  * Veg
    * Vegetable Recipes
    * Paneer Recipes
    * Rice Recipes
    * Indian Dal Recipes
    * Indian Bread
    * Paratha Recipes
  * Non Veg
    * Chicken
    * Chicken Kebab Recipes
    * Mutton Recipes
    * Egg
    * Fish
  * Indo Chinese
  * Snacks
    * Indian Snack Recipes
    * Indian Chaat Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
  * Kebab
  * Breakfast
  * Accompaniment
    * Chutney
    * Raita Recipes
    * Sweets Recipes
    * Desserts
    * Soup Recipes
    * Cake Recipes
    * Chocolate Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Jam, Jelly and Candy Recipes
    * Pudding Recipes
    * Salad Recipes
    * Pickle Recipes
  * Regional
    * Bengali Recipes
    * Gujrati Recipes
    * Goan Recipes
    * Hyderabadi Recipes
    * Kashmiri Recipes
    * Maharashtrian Recipes
    * Punjabi Recipes
    * Rajasthani Recipes
    * Sindhi Recipes
    * South Indian Recipes
    * North Indian Recipes
  * More
    * Beverages
    * Pizza Recipes
    * Articles
    * Indian Cooking Glossary
    * Healthy Cooking
    * Kitchen Care

____

Home __Indo Chinese __ Veg Schezwan Fried Rice Recipe

  * Indo Chinese
  * Rice Recipes

# Veg Schezwan Fried Rice Recipe

__

Share on Facebook

__

Tweet on Twitter

______

Veg Schezwan Fried Rice Recipe

Vegetarian Schezwan Fried Rice is one of the quick Indo-Chinese Cuisine. A
Chinese Meal without Schezwan Fried Rice is just incomplete. My husband likes
Schezwan Fried rice a lot and ready to eat even if i will cook it on daily
basis. Usually it is to be served as a main course in Chinese meal. We are
going to show you all the images to make it more easy and more quick.

**Schezwan Fried Rice** tastes very good with finely chopped vegetables but if
you are don't have much time then then you can also use some shredded
vegetables. I don't recommend using chopper to shred your vegetables, because
chopper makes vegetables moist and they don't taste that good. I recommend
chopping all the ingredients with chef knife.

To make schezwan rice, we also need **Schezwan Sauce.** If you don't have
schezwan sauce available and don't have time to make it, then you can also use
ready made schezwan sauce or schezwan chutney from your favorite brand. It
makes Chinese cooking very fast and effort less. If you want to know, how to
make awesome Schezwan Sauce at home then do read my **Original Schezwan Sauce
Recipe**.

Before making **Schezwan Fried Rice** , just prepare everything and keep near
to your work space, so it will be easy to put the ingredients one after
another with quick stir frying. It is always better to use a pan or wok with
handles as you have to frequently stir and toss.

**Schezwan Fried Rice** can be served with other **Indo Chinese Recipes** ,
such as Veg Manchurian, Chilli Paneer, etc, or any sauce based dish. Do check
our more Indo Chinese Recipes, such as Schezwan Noodles, Schezwan Mushroom
Dry, Hakka Noodles and Chinese Spring Rolls.

Let's start making **Veg Schezwan Fried Rice Recipe**. For complete list of
ingredients and step by step instructions, please refer to recipe snippet
below.

## Veg Schezwan Fried Rice Recipe - Step by Step

Following ingredients are required for making Veg Schezwan Fried Rice Recipe.
Fine Chopped Cabbage, Carrot, French Beans, Onion, Spring Onion Greens,
Ginger, Garlic, Green Chillies and Schezwan Sauce.

##

Soak basmati rice in water for 20-60 minutes.

Boil the rice in water and some salt.

When the rice are 90% cooked, drain, put some water on rice to stop it from
cooking further and keep it aside. **TIR CHEF TIP:** Keeping rice in water
before cooking will save 30% gas and will also make rice grain longer.

Heat oil in a non-stick pan.

Add finely chopped Onion, Ginger, Garlic and Green Chilies and cook them for 1
minute.

Add fine chopped Carrot and French Beans.

Add chopped Cabbage, 1/2 tsp salt, pinch of white paper powder and cook all
the ingredients for 2-3 minutes.

Add Schezwan Sauce and mix well.

Cook the Vegetables in Schezwan sauce for few minutes.

Now add boiled rice, fine chopped Spring Onions and 1/4 tbsp vinegar. You may
add red color, if you want to make your rice look more colorful. I have added
some red food color.

Cook all the ingredients on high flame for 3-4 minutes. Tossing will separate
rice grains and your schezwan rice will taste more better.Your Schezwan Fried
Rice are ready to serve.

# How to make Schezwan Fried Rice :

Print

Schezwan Rice Recipe

Rating: 51

Prep Time: 10 minutes

Cook Time: 10 minutes

Total Time: 20 minutes

Yield: 4 cups

Serving Size: 1 cup

Calories per serving: 410

Fat per serving: 11.6g

Ultimate Veg Schezwan Fried Rice Recipe on internet. Learn how to make
Schezwan Fried Rice Indian style with step by step photo instructions.

Ingredients

  * 2 cups Rice 
  * 4 cups water 
  * 1/4 cup finely chopped cabbage 
  * 1 red onion finely chopped 
  * 2 tbsp french beans chopped 
  * 2 tbsp carrot chopped 
  * 2 tbsp spring onions / scallions green, finely chopped 
  * 2 green chilies, finely chopped 
  * 1 tbsp garlic, chopped 
  * 1/2 tbsp ginger, chopped 
  * 4 tbsp Schezwan Sauce or as required 
  * 1/2 tsp white pepper powder 
  * 1 tsp vinegar 
  * Pinch of red orange food color 
  * 2 tbsp oil 
  * Salt to taste

Instructions

  1. Soak 1 cup rice for 20-60 minutes. Soaking makes rice longer in length and rice separates easily while cooking. Take a pan and add 5 cups of water, salt to taste and Boil the rice till they are 90% cooked. Drain the rice in a net and put some water on it to prevent it from further cooking. Keep rice aside for about 20-30 minutes till they are dry. 
  2. Heat 2 tbsp oil in a non-stick pan and 2 finely chopped green chilies along with 1 finely chopped onion. Cook them for a minutes and add 4 tbsp chopped garlic and 2 tbsp chopped ginger and cook it for few seconds. Now add finely chopped french beans, carrot and cabbage, 1/2 tsp salt, pinch of white pepper powder and cook all the ingredients for 3-4 minutes. 
  3. Add 3-4 tbsp of Schezwan Sauce and cook all the ingredients for 2 more minutes. 
  4. Add rice and some finely chopped green spring onions, 1/4 tbsp vinegar and some red food color (optional). Keep tossing all ingredients on high flame for 2-4 minutes. You may add some oil, if rice look dry. You Indo Chinese Schezwan Rice are now ready, server it with some Schezwan Sauce. 

Notes

Chop the Vegetables finely with your hands to get a good flavor.

3.1

Tasty Indian Recipes

### Chef Tips:

  1. If you can not make Schezwan Sauce at your home then bottled one is easily available in the market.
  2. You can keep home made Schezwan sauce in refrigerator for couple of months, just need to keep it in air tight container or bottle.
  3. While making the Schezwan Sauce consistency should be checked time to time and add water as per requirement. You can adjust water in Schezwan Sauce later while making other recipes.
  4. You can add lots of other vegetables in Schezwan Fried Rice like capsicum, peas, cabbage and paneer.
  5. These rice are best to serve with Vegetable manchurian or paneer manchurian.

### Related Recipes

  * Chilli Chicken Recipe
  * Hakka Noodles Recipe
  * Paneer Fried Rice Recipe
  * Chinese Sizzler Recipe
  * Schezwan Mushroom Dry Recipe
  * Continental Veg Sizzler Recipe
  * Chilli Paneer Sizzler Recipe
  * Veg Manchurian Recipe
  * Hyderabadi Chicken Biryani Recipe
  * Sweet and Sour Fish Recipe
  * Chicken Hakka Noodles Recipe
  * Egg Fried Rice Recipe

  * TAGS
  * featured_indian_recipe2
  * Main Course
  * Most Popular Recipes
  * Vegetarian recipes

SHARE

__

Facebook

__

Twitter

______

  *   * tweet

Priya

#### 10 COMMENTS

  1. Sonam March 25, 2012 at 5:54 am

nice steps, do you know which ready made sauce is good?

Reply

    * Anonymous March 27, 2012 at 2:02 pm

Yes I would suggest ching's red chilli sauce, its amazing. You will get small
bottle from any retailer. Try and let me know.

Reply

    * Anonymous March 27, 2013 at 7:47 pm

yes, i prefer ching's ready sauces, they are always better than other brands
available in market.

Reply

  2. anisha loyd March 31, 2012 at 1:01 pm

wow, rice looks extremely delicious. I have never seen such a wonderful photos
of homemade schezwan rice, will definitely gonna try this

Reply

    * Anonymous March 31, 2012 at 1:11 pm

thanks

Reply

  3. tirrob December 30, 2012 at 7:45 am

What kind or rice you are using in this recipe?

Reply

    * Anonymous January 16, 2013 at 6:21 pm

I always use good quality basmati rice for making Chinese rice or Indian
biryani recipes.

Reply

  4. karthik September 27, 2013 at 5:35 pm

Really nice amazing steps and pics are so helpful…!!!

Reply

  5. manjit kaur July 14, 2014 at 4:15 pm

your clicks are not good but then i thought lets try your method because your
site looks genuine. I tried this recipe and rice tasted very good. thank you.
please also post videos and also post recipe for cripsy chicken. thanks.

Reply

  6. Schezwan Noodles Recipe / Schezwan Hakka Noodles Recipe March 17, 2015 at 8:07 pm

[…] schezwan sauce available near your home. There are few more schezwan
recipes in my blog, such as Veg Schezwan Fried Rice, Schezwan Mushroom Dry,
Crispy Paneer in Schezwan Sauce, all of these recipes taste very good with […]

Reply

### LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply

Please enter your comment!

Please enter your name here

You have entered an incorrect email address!

Please enter your email address here

#### Indian Recipe Search

#### Recipes for Kids

### Aloo Wedges Recipe

Priya - August 5, 2014

4

Aloo Wedges Recipe is a Quick Side Dish made with Potatoes. Sliced Potatoes
are Boiled, Deep Fried and Tossed with fresh Indian Spices and Coriander
Leaves.

### Cheese Dosa Recipe

March 13, 2013

### Hazelnut Cookies Recipe

December 1, 2012

### Masala Chaas Recipe

May 1, 2014

### Cheese Paratha Recipe

December 26, 2012

Load more __

####  POPULAR CATEGORIES

  * Indian Snack Recipes202
  * Vegetable Recipes141
  * Paneer Recipes94
  * Indian Breakfast87
  * Chicken Recipes83
  * Rice Recipes69

(C) Tasty-Indian-Recipes.com

Edit with Live CSS

Save

Write CSS OR LESS and hit save. CTRL + SPACE for auto-complete.

