https://www.spiceupthecurry.com/schezwan-fried-rice/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

Spice Up The Curry

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipes
    * By Category
    * By Ingredients
    * Festivals
    * Collections
  * Subscribe
  *     * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * YouTube

  * Search

menu icon

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Ingredients
  * Festivals
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

search icon

Search

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Ingredients
  * Festivals
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

√ó

Home ¬ª Cuisine ¬ª Indo-Chinese

# Schezwan Fried Rice

Published: Feb 17, 2021 ¬∑ Last Modified: Feb 17, 2021 by Kanan Patel / 17
Comments

Jump to Recipe Pin Recipe

**Indo-Chinese style schezwan fried rice**! It‚Äôs super easy to make and filled
with tender rice, colorful veggies and it‚Äôs all stir-fried with a spicy
schezwan sauce.

Jump to:

  * ‚ù§Ô∏èAbout This Recipe
  * üßæIngredient Notes
  * üé•Watch The Recipe Video
  * üë©‚Äçüç≥Step By Step Photo Instructions 
  * üí≠Expert Tips
  * üìã Recipe Card
  * ‚≠ê Reviews

## **‚ù§Ô∏è** About This Recipe

  * Delicious **vegetarian/vegan meal or side dish**.
  * Great way to **use leftover rice**
  *  **Super spicy** and flavored with sesame oil and garlic.
  *  **Better than restaurant take-outs.** Much healthier option.
  * Ready in **20 minutes** if you have cooked rice ready.
  *  **Customize the veggies** as per your liking.
  *  **Add vegetarian protein** like tofu, paneer, soy chunks, etc.

## üßæIngredient Notes

Here is the pic of the ingredients required to make this super spicy yet super
tasty schezwan fried rice.

**Cooked Basmati Rice:** Just like other fried rice recipes, this recipe works
best with a day old, cold leftover rice (white or brown). But you can sure
make it with freshly cooked rice. Just make sure to spread on a plate or
baking sheet to cool completely.  

**Schezwan sauce:** I have used homemade schezwan sauce. But sure you can use
store-bought bottled schezwan sauce.

**Sesame oil:** It really adds a nice flavor to the fried rice that you get in
the restaurants or street-style fried rice. I would not recommend skipping it.
But in any case, sesame oil is not available then you can use any other
cooking oil.

**Veggies:** I have used a combination of carrot, beans, peppers and cabbage.
You can add other veggies like peas, corn, baby corn, mushrooms, broccoli,
snow peas or snap peas.

## **üé•** Watch The Recipe Video

## **üë©‚Äçüç≥Step By Step Photo Instructions**  

1) Heat the oil in a pan on medium-high heat. Once hot add onion, ginger,
garlic and celery.

2) Saute for a minute or two or until the raw smell of ginger garlic goes
away.

3) Add all the veggies (carrot, green beans, green peppers, cabbage).

4) Stir fry for 4-5 minutes or until they start to brown around the edges. Do
stir frequently for even cooking. Veggies are partially cooked (but not
completely cooked to soft, mushy).

5) Add all the sauces (schezwan sauce, soy sauce, ketchup, rice vinegar).

6) Mix really well.

7) Add cooked rice and salt.

8) Toss the rice gently so rice grains don‚Äôt break and stir fry for 2-3
minutes by tossing and mixing so all the sauce and veggies, rice are mixed
properly. Lastly, garnish with spring onion greens and serve.

## **üí≠** Expert Tips

**Make sure to use a day old rice** or cooled rice. Schezwan fried rice tastes
better with dried out leftover rice.

But sure you can use freshly cooked rice. But spread on a plate or cookie
sheet, let it cool down completely and let it dry out for an hour.

**For stir fry dishes, it is best to use a wok or**cast iron pan **.  **

**Cook on medium-high heat** in order to get a smokey taste just like
restaurant style. And keep stirring/tossing frequently to avoid burning. This
ensures that veggies stay crunchy, fresh with some browning charred around the
edges.

**Prep and keep everything ready**. As you see, we are cooking on high heat,
so everything will get cook faster and the entire process is super fast. So
make sure you have prepped all the sauces, veggies ready and then start
cooking.

**The amount of schezwan sauce** used here may vary. Every brand sauce or
homemade one may have a different spice level depending on what kind of
chilies are used. So it is a smart move to taste a tiny bit of sauce, judge
the spice level and adjust the amount you‚Äôre going to add here in the schezwan
fried rice.

**Cooking rice:** I followed this how to cook basmati rice method on stovetop.
You can choose any method you prefer like instant pot, rice cooker.

**Check Out OtherIndo-Chinese Recipes**

  * Veg hakka noodles
  * Chili garlic noodles
  * Veg fried rice
  * Veg manchurian
  * Mushroom fried rice
  * Paneer fried rice

_**PS Tried this schezwan fried rice recipe?** Please leave a star rating in
the recipe card below and/or a review in the comment section. I always
appreciate your feedback! Plus, Subscribe to my newsletter and follow along on
Pinterest, Instagram, and Facebook for all the latest updates._

## üìã Recipe Card

Step by Step Photos AboveWant to make it perfect first time? Don't forget to
check out Step-by-Step photo instructions and helpful Tips & Tricks !!

Print Pin

## Schezwan Fried Rice

5 from 2 votes

Tried this recipe? Leave a comment and/or give ‚òÖ ratings

Indo-Chinese style schezwan fried rice! It‚Äôs super easy to make and filled
with tender rice, colorful veggies and it‚Äôs all stir-fried with a spicy
schezwan sauce.

Author: Kanan

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Indo Chinese

Calories: 386kcal

Servings 3

Prep Time 10 minutes

Cook Time 10 minutes

Total Time 20 minutes

US measuring cups are used (1 cup = 240 ml) See details

### Ingredients  

1x2x3x

  * ‚ñ¢ 2 tablespoons Sesame oil
  * ‚ñ¢ 2 teaspoons Ginger minced
  * ‚ñ¢ 2 teaspoons Garlic minced
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 tablespoon Celery finely chopped
  * ‚ñ¢ ¬º cup Onion finely chopped
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 to 1 ¬Ω cups Veggies (I used carrot, cabbage, bell pepper and green beans). You can add mushroom, corn, peas, etc.
  * ‚ñ¢ 2 tablespoons Schezwan sauce
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 teaspoon Soy sauce
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 teaspoon Rice vinegar
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 tablespoon Tomato Ketchup
  * ‚ñ¢ 3 cups Cooked rice
  * ‚ñ¢ Salt to taste
  * ‚ñ¢ 2 tablespoons Spring onion greens for garnishing

### Recommended Products

Cast Iron Pan

### Instructions

  * Heat the oil in a pan on medium-high heat. Once hot add onion, ginger, garlic and celery.

  * Saute for a minute or two or until the raw smell of ginger garlic goes away.

  * Add all the veggies (carrot, green beans, green peppers, cabbage). Stir fry for 4-5 minutes or until they start to brown around the edges. Do stir frequently for even cooking.

  * Add all the sauces (schezwan sauce, soy sauce, ketchup, rice vinegar). Mix really well.

  * Add cooked rice and salt. Toss the rice gently so rice grains don‚Äôt break and stir fry for 2-3 minutes by tossing and mixing so all the sauce and veggies, rice is mixed properly.

  * Lastly, garnish with spring onion greens and serve.

### Notes

  * **Make sure to use a day old rice** or cooled rice. But sure you can use freshly cooked rice. But spread on a plate or cookie sheet, let it cool down completely and let it dry out for an hour.
  * For stir fry dishes, it is best to **use a wok or cast iron pan**.
  * **Cook on medium-high heat** in order to get a smokey taste just like restaurant style. And keep stirring/tossing frequently to avoid burning. This ensures that veggies stay crunchy, fresh with some browning charred around the edges.
  * **Prep and keep everything ready.** As you see, we are cooking on high heat, so everything will get cook faster and the entire process is super fast. So make sure you have prepped all the sauces, veggies ready and then start cooking.
  * **The amount of schezwan sauce** used here may vary. Every brand sauce or homemade one may have a different spice level depending on what kind of chilies are used.
  * **Cooking rice:** I follow my how to cook basmati rice method on the stovetop. You can choose any method you prefer like instant pot, rice cooker.

### Video

### Nutrition

Calories: 386kcal | Carbohydrates: 62g | Protein: 8g | Fat: 12g | Saturated
Fat: 2g | Sodium: 237mg | Potassium: 329mg | Fiber: 5g | Sugar: 3g | Vitamin
A: 4776IU | Vitamin C: 12mg | Calcium: 51mg | Iron: 2mg

*Nutrition information is a rough estimate for 1 serving

Did you make this recipe?Snap a pic, mention @spice.up.the.curry or tag
#spiceupthecurry. I would love to see.

¬´ Schezwan Sauce

Instant Pot Quinoa Vegetable Soup ¬ª

2600 shares

  * Facebook54
  * Pinterest2546
  * WhatsApp

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. puja

October 09, 2015 at 4:27 am

Can I use any other flour like besan in veg manchurian insted of all purpose
flour and cornflour?

Reply

    * Kanan

October 10, 2015 at 9:19 am

you can use besan. but the taste will little different. It will be more like
mixed veg pakoda

Reply

  2. aditi chavan

May 07, 2015 at 3:48 am

it is very easy but dont have red colour

Reply

    * Kanan

May 07, 2015 at 10:09 am

The color depends on the which brand schezwan sauce or homemade sauce you are
using.

Reply

  3. Irene

December 16, 2014 at 3:26 am

Hi there!!!

I recently discovered this blog and have had a great time reading through the
recipes... I want to try the Schezwan Fried Rice for my first attempt... The
thing is I was wondering the amount of rice required in order to go ahead with
this recipe... Pls do respond soon as I'm planning on making it tomorrow... üôÇ

Reply

    * Kanan

December 16, 2014 at 3:50 pm

This recipes calls for 3 cups of cooked rice. Will update the recipe.

Reply

  4. Lina

September 04, 2014 at 3:30 am

Hello there,  
Your cooking blog is great, very detail n friendly to read.  
I used to make Indonesian fried rice, but next time I will make the one as
your recipe ..hmmm its tempting with Schezwan in it.

Reply

    * Kanan

September 04, 2014 at 1:55 pm

Thank you Lina. Glad to know that recipes are helpful to you.

Reply

  5. Sheryl

July 22, 2013 at 11:01 pm

Hey very interesting blog!

Reply

¬´ Older Comments

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Œî

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi, I'm Kanan Patel**. I share easy, delicious vegetarian recipes (mostly
Indian) and Eggless baking recipes that you can sure count on!

More about me ‚Üí

### Indian Spice Box

### Top Recipes

  * Eggless Chocolate Chip Cookies

  * World‚Äôs BEST Eggless Brownies

  * Punjabi Shahi Paneer (Restaurant Style)

  * Chipotle Sauce

  * Eggless Banana Muffins Recipe

  * Frankie Recipe (Bombay Veg Frankie Roll)

## Footer

‚Üë back to top

### About

  * About Kanan
  * Privacy Policy
  * Disclosure
  * Accessibility Policy
  * Nutrition Disclaimer

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates. Plus get a bonus cooking tips!

### Resources

  * Conversion Chart
  * Glossary
  * Recipe Index
  * Contact

### As Featured In

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright ¬© 2022 Spice Up The Curry

