https://www.indianhealthyrecipes.com/schezwan-fried-rice-recipe/


Skip to content

Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About

Search

Toggle Menu

Search

# Schezwan Fried Rice

Home >> Recipes >> Indo-Chinese Recipes

Byswasthi

76 Comments

__WhatsApp

 __Share 9K

 __Pin 3K

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

12K Shares

**Schezwan fried rice** recipe with easy instructions to make your own
schezwan sauce for rice. This spicy schezwan fried rice is a breeze to whip up
in just 20 minutes with the best homemade sweet, sour and hot sauce. Made with
everyday ingredients, it is insanely flavourful & delicious!! This recipe is
vegetarian, but you can easily add the protein of your choice. Easily
customize it to your taste and add the choice of veggies or even egg.

* * *

## About Schezwan Fried Rice

Schezwan fried rice is a popular fried rice variety from the **Indo chinese
cuisine**. It is quite popular & is most ordered in Indo-Chinese restaurant.
Unlike the regular fried rice, schezwan fried rice is hot & spicy with
bursting flavors of ginger, garlic, soya sauce & red chilli paste.

This is an easy recipe to make better than restaurant quality schezwan fried
rice. It is so much flavorful, delicious and super simple to make with pantry
staples.

**Schezwan rice** is made by frying rice along with schezwan sauce which is a
unique blend of sauces cooked together. In this post I have also shown how to
make the sauce from scratch & use the same for your schezwan fried rice.

Usually bottled Schezwan sauce from the stores contain additives &
preservatives. So that keeps me away from using them most times. This homemade
sauce is much flavorful & superior in taste that the ready made one. So do try
the simple sauce I have shown here.

**Contents** hide

1 About Schezwan Fried Rice

2 How to Make Schezwan Fried Rice (stepwise photos)

3 Pro Tips

4 Recipe Card

5 Schezwan Fried Rice Recipe

The Schezwan fried rice served in most restaurants in India do not have
Sichuan peppers since it is already included in the store bought sauce they
use.

The unique aroma actually comes from the sichuan peppers. However if you do
not have then just skip them. Your dish will still turn out amazing.

To make schezwan sauce, red chilles are soaked in warm water and then blended
to make red chilli paste. But if you do not have red chilies or do not want to
blend them, then just use red chilli powder the same way I have used in this
post.

But do note that the taste of the red chilies is much superior to the red
chilli powder in the sauce. If you want to make your own sauce & store it then
you can check this **Schezwan sauce recipe**.

Advertisement

## How to Make Schezwan Fried Rice (stepwise photos)

### Preparation

You can cook rice in whatever way you like. It has to be grainy and not mushy.
Here I have shown how I do.

1\. Rinse and soak 1½ cups basmati rice for 20 to 30 minutes. Bring about 10
cups water to a rolling boil in a large pot. When the water begins to boil,
drain the water from the rice and add it to the water. Also add 1 teaspoon oil
to the water. Cook rice on a medium high flame till al dente. It must be
grainy, almost cooked and not mushy.

2\. Drain the rice immediately to a colander. To avoid drying, cover and keep
the rice.

**Preparation for Schezwan sauce** - skip this section if you have the sauce.

3\. Soak about 8 to 10 deseeded red chilies in little warm water for 15
minutes. Later make a fine paste in a blender jar along with little water. I
like to use red chili powder just to skip the lengthy process of soaking and
blending.

To make that, add good quality Kashmiri red chili powder to a small bowl. Then
pour very little water. Stir and make a fine paste.

### Make Schezwan Sauce for Rice

4\. Pour 1½ tablespoons oil and heat it. Fry ½ tablespoon ginger and 1
tablespoon garlic until it turns aromatic.

4\. Next add 1 medium onion chopped.

5\. Fry until the onions turn golden. If using celery add 2 tbsps chopped
celery. I do not use it. Saute for 2 to 3 mins.

Advertisement

**If you already have the sauce and want to use it, s **kip to 11**.**

6\. Next stir in 1½ tablespoon soya sauce, 1 tablespoon red chilli paste, 1
tablespoon ketchup (optional), ½ tablespoon sugar, vinegar and ½ teaspoon
salt. To make red chilli paste, stir together ¾ to 1 tbsp red chilli powder
with 3 tablespoons water.

7\. Add ¾ to 1 teaspoon crushed Sichuan pepper or half teaspoon crushed black
pepper. Please note you have to crush the Sichuan peppers well. If using them
in ground form, cut down to half.

8\. Saute furthermore till the sauce thickens.

Advertisement

9\. Pour water and stir again. Cooking further brings out the flavor of onions
and pepper.

10\. Cook until it thickens. Set the sauce aside until needed. To the same
pan, add 1½ tablespoon more oil and proceed to the next step.

### Make Schezwan Fried Rice

11\. Regulate the flame to high. Pour 1.5 tablespoons oil. When the oil turns
hot, add spring onion whites, carrots, french & beans. Stir fry chopped
veggies until half cooked yet crunchy.

12\. Add capsicum. Stir and fry until they are half done but not soft.

13\. Add the spring onion greens and Schezwan sauce.

Advertisement

14\. Add cooled rice. I added a bit of oil at this stage. Gently mix to coat
the rice with sauce.

15\. Stir fry further for 2 minutes. If making for later use or for packing in
lunch box, then just mix and do not fry longer. Rice becomes harder. Taste
test and add more salt and sauce if needed.

Serve hot and spicy veg schezwan fried rice with any Indo Chinese side dish.

Advertisement

### Servings suggestions

Serve Schezwan fried rice with any Indo chinese appetizers or sides like  
 **veg manchurian**  
**paneer manchurian**  
**chilli paneer**

## Pro Tips

**Cool Rice** : Always use only completely cooled grainy rice. Either you can
cook freshly and cool it while you make the sauce. Or just use precooked rice.
Avoid using mushy rice or sticky rice.

**Store bought sauce** : If you do not want to make your own schezwan sauce,
you could just grab a bottle of schezwan sauce from the nearest Indian or
Chinese store or buy online.

**Wok or a skillet** : To make the best schezwan rice, use a wok if you have.
Even a cast iron skillet works great.

**Fry on a high heat** : To get a smoky aroma always fry the veggies at the
highest flame. You can also skip the veggies in the recipe. I have seen many
restaurants serving the schezwan fried rice plain without any veggies added to
it.

**Variation** : Since this is a vegetarian recipe I have used only mixed
veggies but you can also stir in some beaten eggs or your choice of meat like
chicken or shrimp.

If using chicken just boil it first until tender & then fry it before adding
the veggies. Same with shrimp. If using egg then fry the veggies first & then
the eggs.

**Make ahead** : You can make the sauce ahead & refrigerate it. When needed
you can just stir the sauce in some hot oil and fry the rice together.

More **fried rice recipes**  
 **Veg fried rice  
Mushroom fried rice  
Paneer fried rice  
Egg fried rice  
Chicken fried rice**

**Related Recipes**

### Veg Fried Rice, H...

### Schezwan Sauce

### Veg Manchurian Re...

### Chicken fried ric...

### Schezwan Chicken

### Egg fried rice

## Recipe Card

Advertisement

## Schezwan Fried Rice Recipe

This spicy schezwan fried rice is a breeze to whip up in just 20 minutes with
the best homemade sweet, sour and hot sauce. This recipe is vegetarian, but
you can easily add the protein of your choice.

Pin Recipe Print Recipe

1x2x3x

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

For best results follow the step-by-step photos above the recipe card

Prep Time5 minutes

Cook Time30 minutes

Total Time35 minutes

Servings3 people

AuthorSwasthi

### Ingredients (US cup = 240ml )

  * ▢ 1½ cups rice uncooked (any premium quality)
  * ▢ ¼ cup spring onions or onions
  * ▢ ¾ cup carrots fine chopped (1 small) (optional)
  * ▢ ¾ cup french beans fine chopped (4 medium)(optional)
  * ▢ ¾ cup capsicum chopped or (½ bell pepper)
  * ▢ 1½ tablespoons oil
  * ▢ ½ tablespoon ginger chopped
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon garlic chopped
  * ▢ 1 medium  onion  chopped finely
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons celery chopped finely (optional)

#### to make sauce or use 2 to 3 tbsp ready-made Schezwan sauce

  * ▢ 1½ tablespoons oil
  * ▢ 1½ tablespoons soya sauce
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon tomato ketchup
  * ▢ ½ to ¾ tablespoons vinegar
  * ▢ ¾ to 1 tablespoon red chili powder mixed with 3 tbsps water (or 1 tbsp red chilli paste)
  * ▢ ½ tablespoon sugar
  * ▢ ½ to ¾ teaspoon salt as needed
  * ▢ ¾ to 1 teaspoon Sichuan pepper corn  (or ½ tsp black pepper powder)
  * ▢ 3 tablespoons water to cook the sauce

Advertisement

### Instructions

#### Preparation

  * ▢ 

Wash rice and soak for 20 to 30 mins. Bring 6 cups water to a boil.

  * ▢ 

When the water begins to boil rapidly, then add rice and 1 teaspoon oil. Cook
on a medium high flame till al dente.

  * ▢ 

Al dente rice is firm but fully cooked. Make sure rice is not over cooked.

  * ▢ 

When the rice is cooked al dente, drain it to a colander.

  * ▢ 

While the cooked rice cools completely, chop the vegetables.

#### How to Make Schezwan Fried Rice

  * ▢ 

Pour oil to a hot wok. Fry ginger & garlic till they smell good.

  * ▢ 

Next add onions and fry until golden.

  * ▢ 

**Skip this step if you have the sauce ready**. Stir in red chili powder with
water. Add this to the pan along with soya sauce, vinegar, ketchup, sugar,
salt and schezwan pepper. Cook until it thickens. Pour 3 tbsps more water and
cook till it thickens, Remove to a bowl. To the same pan, add 1½ tablespoon
more oil.

  * ▢ 

On a high flame, fry spring onion whites, carrots, beans & capsicum until half
cooked yet crunchy.

  * ▢ 

Next add Schezwan sauce, cooled rice and spring onion greens.

  * ▢ 

Mix and stir fry schezwan rice for 2 minutes. Taste test and adjust salt and
spice if needed.

  * ▢ 

Serve schezwan fried rice hot or warm with any Indo chinese side.

Advertisement

### Notes

To make red chilli paste, soak 8 to 10 red chilies in little hot water. When
they turn soft, blend with 1 to 2 tbsp water to a smooth paste. Or
alternatively you can stir in 3/4 to 1 tablespoon red chilli powder with some
water.

Alternative quantities provided in the recipe card are for 1x only, original
recipe.

For best results follow my detailed step-by-step photo instructions and tips
above the recipe card.

### NUTRITION INFO (estimation only)

Nutrition Facts

Schezwan Fried Rice Recipe

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 549 Calories from Fat 90

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 10g **15%**

 **Sodium** 941mg **41%**

 **Potassium** 917mg **26%**

 **Carbohydrates** 102g **34%**

Fiber 6g **25%**

Sugar 16g **18%**

 **Protein** 12g **24%**

**Vitamin A** 8045IU **161%**

 **Vitamin C** 273.6mg **332%**

 **Calcium** 80mg **8%**

 **Iron** 3.2mg **18%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Tried this recipe?Mention @SwasthisRecipes or tag #swasthisrecipes!

(C) Swasthi's Recipes

__WhatsApp

 __Share 9K

 __Pin 3K

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

12K Shares

**FOR MORE RECIPES**

Please leave this field empty

Enter & Confirm eMail ID for Swasthi's Recipes Newsletter *

Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.

  

## Post navigation

Previous Previous

Vegetable paneer stir fry recipe

NextContinue

How to make baby rice cereal at home, porridge for babies

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

76 Comments

__Inline Feedbacks

View all comments

Sanika

  
⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

Reply

Advertisement

Fatima

  
Hi swasthi, your recipes are too good and easy to follow.i want to know if I
have schezwan sauce already instead of preparing it .how much I should add.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Fatima

Hi Fatima  
Thank you! Every brand is different, some are way too hot. Start with a small
quantity like 1.5 teaspoons per serving. Add more if required when you mix the
rice.

Reply

Arathy Menon

  
Hi  
Though never met you, I am at home in your kitchen.. any dish I want to try
the first thing I check out is your page… by now almost everyone would have
told you how wonderful your recipes are.. I too agree n would try more n more
of those.. special thank you for the effort you put in each of them.. very
detailed and informative also yummy …I want to tell you so much.. the joy we
experienced after trying your recipes but somehow no words to express exactly
how we feel .. all we can say is ….  
Thank you

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Arathy Menon

Hi Arathy,  
So glad to know you! You are most welcome!  
Thank you so much for the heartwarming words.  
Felt so good reading it.  
🙂

Reply

Rati Bhagwat

  
This turned out just like it tastes at the restaurants! The Schezuan Sauce
too! Thank you!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Rati Bhagwat

Hello Rati,  
You are welcome! Glad you liked it. Thank you!

Reply

Saee

Great information. Thanks for posting this recipe…I wanted to try it since
long.

Can you PLEASE suggest Amazon link for Schezwan sauce ? Particulary wanted to
try your recommendation, as there are many many options - makes it confusing.
(Focusing on EZ part of SchEZwan here!)

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Saee

Hello Saee,  
My recipe does not need a store bought sauce. You can make it instantly
following my recipe. But if you still want, please check on amazon for chings
schezwan sauce. But note that it comes with so many preservatives

Reply

Selja

Hi can u mention how much quantity of red chilly powder v should take for
making the paste

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Selja

You can use 1 tbsp powder

Reply

Anjali

Hi dont have the Sichuan pepper..do I need to substitute it with something
else

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Anjali

Hi Anjali,  
Just replace it with little regular pepper

Reply

Advertisement

Avril

Hi, please can you tell me what sort of beans you add to the rice. I am in the
UK so any equivalent would help. Thank you.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Avril

Hi Avril  
Your are welcome. I used french beans. You can also use baby beans or chef
beans. You can also skip them totally.

Reply

Joshi laxmi

  
Thank you for your recipes.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Joshi laxmi

Hi Joshi Laxmi,  
You are welcome.

Reply

Greeshma

  
Hi Swasthi, I've been trying your recipes from the time I got married. I love
them all. I see you try to keep it as healthy as possible which I'm
comfortable with since I have a lot of health restrictions.  
Can I make this recipe without using soy sauce? Or do you know what I can use
to substitute soy sauce?  
Thank you

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Greeshma

Welcome Greeshma,  
Thank you so much for following. Yes you can skip soya sauce. There is no
substitute to it. If you have not been using it in your food so far, then you
will find any dish good even without it. Most times I skip it as i am afraid
of serving it to my kids. We find no difference in taste.

Reply

PRIYA

  
HI SWASTHI I LIVE IN UK .TRIED SCHEZWAN FRIED RICE AND GOBI 65 YESTERDAY.CAME
OUT VERY GOOD.THANK YOU FOR THE RECIPE

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   PRIYA

Welcome Priya  
Thanks for trying.

Reply

SNEHUNKITA

  
I LOVVVEEE YOUR RECIPES .DON'T YOU HAVE PASTA RECIPES? I M ACTUALLY A TEENAGER
WHO LOVES COOKING. IF I WANT TO LEARN HOW TO COOK I ALWAYA COME IN YOUR SITE.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   SNEHUNKITA

Thanks a lot. You can check this collection of pasta recipes

Reply

Rajitha

  
Hi Swathi

your doing good job ….all .yummy yummy recipes.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Rajitha

Thanks Rajitha

Reply

Advertisement

Nishitha

  
Tasty and tested recipes . Thank you

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Nishitha

Welcome Nishitha

Reply

krishnakumari

  
very useful and very tasty when cooked using the recipe

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   krishnakumari

Thank you Krishna kumari

Reply

Revathyshankar

  
Hi.swathi..its really nice today i try this recipe..my fatherinlaw said its
very nice ..thanks a looooooottttttt …love it..

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Revathyshankar

Welcome Revathy

Reply

sunitha claris

  
Thanks to you swathi o can finally make all those restaurant type food at home
now I can actually eat without wondering what was put into the meal whether it
was washed or of it was fresh and so on thanks a lot I m a mother of three and
can now feed my children tasty and healthy food

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   sunitha claris

welcome Sunitha  
Yes I agree homemade is the best. Glad to know you like the recipes  
🙂

Reply

Dev from Lagos

  
Very nice the way you describe, Simple and doable.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Dev from Lagos

Thanks Dev

Reply

Haani Altaf

  
Thank u ..i love ur recipes..  
I live in.canada …n follow ur recipes..

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Haani Altaf

welcome Haani  
Glad to know you. Thanks for following.  
🙂

Reply

Advertisement

pria

  
It was very good thank u for the recipe????

Reply

Rayshma

  
It's really nice.the step by step procedures are very easy and simple to cook…

Reply

Load Rest of Comments

Advertisement

Advertisement

(C) 2022 Swasthi's Recipes

Insert

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Popular RecipesExpand child menuExpand

    * Matar Paneer
    * Butter Chicken
    * Chana Masala
    * Dal Makhani
    * Gobi Manchurian
    * Chicken Tikka Masala
  * SocialExpand child menuExpand

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Twitter
    * Pinterest
    * Youtube

Toggle Menu Close

Search for:

Search

