https://cookwithsan.com/7-tips-to-make-best-schezwan-fried-rice-veg/


Skip to content

Cook with San

Food blog with restaurant style and mother's recipes

Toggle Navigation

  * Home
  * Recipe Index 
    * Breakfast
    * Main Course
    * Sweet Tooth
  * Restaurant Style
  * About San
  * Contact San
  * Privacy Policy
  * __

November 1, 2021

# **7 Tips to make Best Schezwan fried rice Veg**

Jump to Recipe

Step by Step

Everyone loves Indo-Chinese dishes for their aroma, spice, and flavors.
**Schezwan fried rice** **veg** is one of the popular and favorite Indo-
Chinese cuisine.

My first attempt at cooking fried rice is an experience to share, LOL! It was
during my bachelor days, all on my own for the first time. I had eaten fried
rice plenty of times and had also seen the process at street stalls. Looking
at fried rice getting ready in minutes, I thought it would be very simple. So,
I followed the same at home too, added little oil to the wok, next veggies,
cooked rice, and sauces. The rice started to stick to the wok and it turned
out mushy. It looked like a khichdi than fried rice. LOL! It was a complete
disaster.

Eventually, my cooking skills improved. Now, I can say that fried rice is one
of my favorite Indo Chinese rice recipes.

After many experiments, I realized that cooking fried is easy in theory but
has a wide margin of error. Making fried rice the right way does take a little
know-how. My recipe has the secrets and tips to make fabulous Schezwan fried
rice veg.

Jump to

__

  * What is Schezwan Fried rice veg?
  * What is Indo-Chinese or Indian Chinese?
  * About the recipe
  * How to make Chinese Schezwan sauce at home
  * How to make Schezwan Fried rice Veg
  * 7 Tips to make Best Schezwan fried rice veg
  * What to eat with Schezwan Fried rice veg?
  * Variations of Veg Schezwan Fried rice
  * Recipe Card

## What is Schezwan Fried rice veg?

Schezwan Fried rice is one of the most popular fried rice varieties from Indo-
Chinese cuisine.

**Veg Schezwan fried rice is a family favorite**. Just the spice level varies
depending on who all are eating.

The making process is similar to Chinese Fried rice, with one special
ingredient “ **Schezwan Sauce** “. So, you can say, it is a spicer version of
fried rice. Spicy chili-garlic flavored is a perfect dish for a spice lover.

It is a vegetarian stir fry dish where cooked rice is tossed along with finely
chopped vegetables, and a spicy schezwan sauce. The main ingredient of this
dish is Schezwan sauce which gives the rice color and flavors.

I like to use homemade Schezwan sauce. The recipe from scratch is mentioned
below. However, you can use ready-made too. Will suggest **Chings Schezwan
Chutney** (not sauce). It is easily available in supermarkets and online too.

## What is Indo-Chinese or Indian Chinese?

Indo-Chinese cuisine originated in Kolkata. Hakka community (immigrants from
China) who settled in Kolkata started Indian Chinese which is an
interpretation of Chinese food and adaptation to the Indian palate. Further, a
different region is India have added their own twist.

**Lack of Chinese ingredients led to several innovations:**

**Schezwan sauce** is made with dry red chilies as a substitute for authentic
Sichuan peppercorns.

**Manchurian style cooking** – where meat (chicken) or Indian vegetables or
paneer are coated and fired. Next tossed in a spicy gravy made with Chinese
sauces, Indian spices (ginger, garlic, green chilies, black pepper) and
thickened with cornstarch.

**Triple Schezwan fried rice veg –** Triple Schezwan is a combination of rice,
noodles, and manchurian gravy served as one and hence the name Triple. This is
my favorite. Will share the recipe soon.

The innovations are not close to the traditional food served in China. But who
cares! Because of the taste of all rice, noodles, and gravy-based dishes,
Indian Chinese food is available everywhere. Even many of Non-Chinese
restaurants also have an Indo-Chinese section on their menu.

## About the recipe

The most common cooking method of Indo-Chinese is stir fry, a quick and simple
method. All you have to do is add the ingredients in a blazing hot wok and
toss on high heat for 1-2 minutes to create wok-hei. **So keep all the
ingredients ready with you beforehand.** Also, it is better to use a pan or
wok with a handle as you have to frequently stir and toss (if you can).

Because of stir fry, the vegetables are tender, crunchy and most of the
nutrients are intact.

The veggies used in restaurant style Schezwan fried rice veg are diced carrot
and french beans. While making fried rice for kids, you can mix corn, peas,
paneer, diced french beans, and carrots as it is a convenient combination to
add shapes and colors.

**Reasons to make it**

Great way to use leftover rice

Quick and Simple to make

If you have cooked rice, it gets ready in 10 minutes

Spicy and bursting with flavors

A complete meal in itself

Pure comfort food

Great for quick lunch or dinner

## How to make Chinese Schezwan sauce at home

Schezwan sauce is a spicy, tangy, and bursting flavor of garlic and ginger. It
is also commonly called “ **Schezwan Chutney** “.

The sauce is one of the popular sauces in Indo-Chinese cuisine. It can be
served as a sauce along with spring rolls, momos, snacks like samosas or
pakoras or used to make soup, fried rice, noodles, or starters.

Schezwan chutney can make any dish taste better. It is also used in South
Indian dishes like Schezwan idly, Schezwan dosa.

Make it once and refrigerate for about 3-4 weeks in an air-tight container or
freeze in small portions for up to 6 months.

**Ingredients to make Authentic Indo-Chinese Schezwan sauce**

The key ingredient is dry red chilies. The type of red chili you choose to
make the sauce will determine the color and spice level of the sauce.

I have used Kashmiri Red Chilli for vibrant red color, other option is Dry
Bedgi Chilli.

Other ingredients are oil, garlic, ginger, celery/thick coriander stems, a
pinch of sugar, soya sauce, vinegar, tomato sauce/ketchup, salt. You can add
ajinomoto or MSG to increase the umami flavor, but it’s optional.

Many fine-dine restaurants add Aromat seasoning powder or Aromatic mix powder.
Different brands are available online.

**Schezwan sauce**

## How to make Schezwan Fried rice Veg

Heat a wok. When super hot, add oil and swirl around the wok. Remove the extra
oil and let there be 1 tbspn oil.

Add chopped garlic, ginger, and dry red chilly. Saute for a few seconds.

Add the spring onion whites and chopped veggies. Turn the flame to high and
saute for 30-60 seconds.

Turn the flame to low and add cooked rice.

Next, add schezwan sauce, tomato sauce, black pepper powder, soya sauce, and
vinegar.

Turn the flame to high and mix everything well. Let the rice sit for about
10-20 seconds and mix. Stir till the rice starts to make a crackling sound.
Taste and add salt if needed. Lastly, add spring onion greens.

Schezwan Fried rice veg is ready to relish.

## 7 Tips to make Best Schezwan fried rice veg

Each chef has a secret recipe, but there are certain important techniques and
tricks that are commonly followed while preparing fried rice.

If you understand and follow them, you can cook the best-fried rice at home.
The tips will elevate the simple Sechzwan fried rice veg to the next level and
will transform you into an expert.

  * **Right type of Rice**

Rice used at restaurants is long grain. You can use medium to long grain rice.
The texture of cooked rice is important to make fried rice- well-separated
grains with a bite. I follow this **how to cook basmati rice** method on the
stovetop.

A day-old rice is the best for Schezwan fried rice veg. So plan ahead and cook
the rice a day before or at least 8-12 hours before.

Do not use freshly cooked rice. It is hot and moist. All of those things will
make your fried rice mushy and soggy. A trick to using freshly cooked rice is
to dry out the moisture. Once the rice is done, spread it on a plate and let
it cool completely. Next, can put the plate in the refrigerator for 10-15
minutes.

  * **Use widest pan/wok**

The Chinese wok has a wide and bigger surface area, so mixing the fried rice
is easy.

For me, Indo-Chinese is all about the drama that happens in a wok (thin-bottom
cast iron) – the aroma of Indian spices, the sound of sizzling vegetables, a
bit of smoke while stir-frying.

Do not crowd the wok. While stir-frying, you will see the ingredients flying
everywhere. Will suggest cooking one to two servings at a time.

  * **Make the wok non-stick/Grease the wok**

You do not want the ingredients to stick to the wok, it will be the most
annoying thing to happen. So, you need to grease the wok well to make it into
a non-stick wok. The way you do it is

i) Heat the wok till it starts to smoke.

ii) Add a ladle full of oil (room temperature) to the hot wok and swirl
around.

iii) Then pour the heated oil into a heatproof container.

  * **The Heat/Flame**

While making any fried rice, always cook the veggies and rice on high flame.
It is essential to produce restaurant-style excellent Schezwan fried rice veg
at home. The high flame does two things:

i) ensure the vegetables are crunchy and there is a bit of charness to them

ii) helps to evaporate any extra moisture from the rice and sauces used.

  * **Add sauce over the rice**

In most of the recipes, it is mentioned to add sauces after adding the
veggies. But this makes the veggies lose their color and gets covered with the
color of sauces.

Instead, add the sauces after adding the rice. This will retain the color of
veggies as seen in the pics above.

  * **Do not overdo the sauces**

Schezwan fried rice veg tastes good when kept simple. The dish is all about
rice and the ingredients that enhance the flavor.

Do not get tempted to add lots of sauces. Because of over moisture the fried
rice will turn soggy.

  * **Let the fried rice sit in the wok**

When you put the rice in, don’t stir it too much. Let it sit for about 10-20
seconds and stir so that the rice is in contact with the pan. This will give
you that restaurant flavor and texture.

Your Veg Schezwan fried rice is done when the grains practically dance-off or
sizzle in the wok.

## What to eat with Schezwan Fried rice veg?

The dish is fantastic in itself. But, you can always pair it with side dishes
for extra flavors and textures.

I like to top Schezwan fried rice veg with a fried egg and pair it with a
Chinese gravy. This is a common combination available in Mumbai. Let me know
if you want the recipe for Chinese gravy.

## Variations of Veg Schezwan Fried rice

**Egg Schezwan Fried rice** by adding scrambled eggs.

**Chicken Schezwan fried rice:** Can add boiled chicken pieces or saute
chicken pieces in a separate pan or coat chicken pieces with maida (all-
purpose flour), cornflour, a pinch of salt, black pepper powder, ginger garlic
paste, and deep fry.

Did you try this Schezwan fried rice veg recipe? Please leave a star rating
and a review in the comment section. I always appreciate your feedback. You
can also follow me on **Instagram **to see what’s latest in my kitchen!

## Recipe Card

### Schezwan fried rice veg

Author: Santosh Allada

Veg Schewzan Fried Rice recipe. It is a rice dish from Indo-Chinese cuisine.
The dish is spicy, flavorful, full of umami, and a real treat for spice
lovers.

5 from 1 vote

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 10 mins

Cook Time 10 mins

Total Time 20 mins

Course Main Course

Cuisine Indo Chinese

Servings 3 people

#### Ingredients

#### For Schezwan Sauce

  * 10 Dry red chilies (Kashmiri or Byadgi)
  * Hot water
  * 1/4 cup Oil
  * 8-10 Garlic (finely chopped)
  * 1 inch Ginger (finely chopped)
  * 1 small Shallot or Sambar onion (regular onion)
  * 1 tbsp Celery or Coriander stem
  * 2 tbsp Tomato sauce
  * 1 tsp Light Soya sauce
  * 1/2 tsp Vinegar
  * 1/2 tsp Sugar
  * Salt to taste

#### For Veg Schezwan Fried rice

  * 2 cups Cooked rice (basmati rice)
  * 1 tbsp Oil
  * 2-3 Garlic (finely chopped)
  * 1 inch Ginger (finely chopped)
  * 1 medium size Carrot (finely chopped)
  * 6-8 French beans (finely chopped)
  * 1-2 Dry red chili (optional)
  * 1-2 tbsp Schezwan sauce (homemade or readymade)
  * 1/4 tsp Black pepper powder
  * 1 tsp Light Soya sauce
  * 1/2 tsp Vinegar
  * Spring onion white and green (roughly chopped)
  * a pinch Sugar
  * Salt to taste

#### Instructions

#### Schezwan sauce

  * First, soak 15 dried red chilies in a bowl of hot water for 20 minutes. Drain and grind to a fine paste with little water.

  * Heat oil in a wok or pan. Add chopped garlic, onion, and ginger. On medium flame, saute till the raw smell goes away. Do not let the garlic change color.

  * Add chopped coriander stem and saute for a few seconds.

  * Add chilly paste, saute till oil separates.

  * Now, add light soya sauce, vinegar, tomato sauce, salt, and sugar. Mix well and let it simmer for 5 minutes more.

  * Remove in a bowl and let it cool completely. To refrigerate, store in an air-tight container.

#### To make Veg Schezwan Fried rice

  * Heat a wok till it is super hot. Add oil and swirl around it. Remove the excess oil and let there be 1 tbsp oil in the wok.

  * Add chopped garlic, ginger, and dry red chilies. Saute for a few seconds. Do not let garlic change color.

  * Add chopped spring onion whites and veggies. Turn the flame to high and saute for 30-60 seconds.

  * Turn the flame to low and add rice.

  * Next, add schezwan sauce, tomato sauce, light soya sauce, vinegar, black pepper powder. 

  * Turn the flame to high and mix everything well. Let the rice sit for about 10-20 seconds and mix. Repeat 2-3 times.

  * Taste and add salt if needed.

  * Lastly, add spring onion greens.

####

Notes

The spice level of the dish depends on schezwan sauce. So add as per your
taste.

Use leftover rice or cook at least 6-12 hours before for restaurant style
separate grains.

Do not use freshly cooked rice. Let it cool completely. If time permits,
refrigerate for some time.

Fried rice is a stir-fry, so cook the dish on high heat.

You can add scrambled egg, or boiled and shredded chicken.

Santosh Allada

 **Cook With San is all about making “Everyday Yummylicious” with easy, quick,
and restaurant-style recipes.**

Know more about me

Author: Santosh Allada

Filed Under: Main Course, Restaurant Style

* * *

**Perfect Basmati Rice recipe with 9 tips**

**Punjabi Shahi Paneer recipe | Restaurant style Shahi Paneer | How to make
Shahi Paneer**

* * *

###  6 thoughts on “ **7 Tips to make Best Schezwan fried rice Veg** ”

  * **Prashant** says:

November 8, 2021 at 5:45 pm

  
Tried this recipe and everyone loved it, was perfect restaurant style.

Reply

  * Pingback: Chicken 65 recipe | Hyderabadi Chicken 65 | Chicken starter

  * Pingback: Chicken 65 recipe | Hyderabadi Chicken 65 | Indian Chicken starter

  * Pingback: Perfect Crispy Corn recipe | Barbeque Nation style Crispy Corn

  * Pingback: Coriander Vegetable Pulao | Coriander Rice | Green Pulao

  * Pingback: Vegetable Pulao | Perfect non-sticky Veg Pulao recipe

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Name*

Email Address*

Website

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

### About San

Hello, I’m Santosh. The cook and photographer behind Cook With San. I started
this blog so that you can make “Everyday Yummylicious” with easy, quick and
restaurant style recipes. Know more about me….

### Follow Me

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

###  Receive new recipe updates to your Inbox

Name*  

Email*  

### Categories

Categories Select Category Breakfast Main Course OPOS Restaurant Style Sweet
Tooth

  * **Instant Tiffin Sambar recipe | Easy Hotel style Tiffin Sambar without Dal**

* * *

Copyright © 2022 Kale

  * Kale by LyraThemes.com.

