https://myspicetrunk.com/2022/01/10/schezwan-fried-rice-2/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content

myspicetrunk

  * Home
  * Vegetarian
  * Dessert
  * Asian
  * About Me
  * Allrecipes
  * ## Nav Social Menu

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest

  * search...

# Schezwan Fried Rice

January 10, 2022 By Smita Leave a Comment

GFVEG

Easy Schezwan fried rice with staple pantry and fridge ingredients. The best
recipe to use leftover rice.

In addition, this dish is vegan, gluten-free, and kid-approved. Great for
school office lunch boxes and suitable for beginner cooks.

Schezwan Fried Rice

## What is Schezwan Fried Rice?

Schezwan fried rice is an Indo Chinese fried rice where rice is fried with
spicy schezwan sauce and a few vegetables. This rice is quite flavourful and
delicious.

You can use store-bought or homemade schezwan sauce in this recipe.

I love to use my homemade schezwan sauce since I find that more flavourful.
You can find the recipe for Homemade Sichuan/ Schezwan Sauce here.

My family loves Indo Chinese dishes. I love how I can make them with the help
of my homemade sauces and oils. I love Air Fried Cauliflower Manchurian and
Veg Lo Mein.

Have you ever tried Mushroom Fried Rice? If not, I highly recommend doing so.
I have made that recipe several times and believe me, it is a keeper recipe.

Coming back to the schezwan fried rice, the best part is that with homemade is
that you can always tone down the spice level or increase it according to your
preferences.

I love the garlic and schezwan sauce flavours combined, and believe me, you
will not need any sides to go with it.

Schezwan Fried rice

## Helpful Tips for Perfect Homemade Indo Chinese Recipes-

Any Asian recipe is cooked perfectly on high heat in a big wok. If you do not
own a wok, any big pan will work.

The bigger the surface area the better the dish cooks in it.

When cooking on high heat, continuous stirring is also quite important.

Finely chopped vegetables are a must for any Asian recipe. Chop them as finely
as you can. Size must be the same to avoid uneven cooking.

Jasmine rice is important for any rice dish but trust me basmati rice will
also work.

You can even use brown rice according to your preference, however, they won't
be authentic.

Always try to use authentic sauces in the recipes. The heart of any Asian
recipe is the sauce and the taste depends very much on the sauce.

## How to make Schezwan Fried Rice?

Wash the rice under running water and soak it for 15 minutes.

Drain the water and place the rice on a plate lined with a paper towel.

Boil 4 cups of water and add the rice when it comes to a boil. Drain the water
when rice is 90 per cent cooked and there is a bite left.

Mix a few drops of oil to the rice to prevent sticking. Keep aside.

Heat oil in a wok and add chopped garlic when it looks super hot. Saute till
it looks golden.

Add green beans and carrot to the wok. Stir on high heat, add schezwan sauce
and mix.

Add rice and stir everything to combine well.

Add black pepper powder, salt as per your taste and a little bit of vinegar.
Toss to combine everything.

Remove from heat and garnish with green onion.

Serve hot just like that with your choice of side.

## Important Note-

Cold leftover rice is best to make this or any type of fried rice.

## Schezwan Fried Rice

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 20 mins

Cook Time 15 mins

Total Time 35 mins

Course Main Course, Side Dish

Cuisine Chinese

### Ingredients

  

  * 1 Cup Jasmine rice/Basmati rice
  * 4 Cup Water
  * 2 Tbsp oil
  * 3-4 Cloves  Chopped/Minced Garlic
  * ⅓ Cup Chopped green Beans
  * ⅓ Cups Chopped Carrot
  * 2 Tbsp Schezwan Sauce(You can reduce or increase the quantity on your taste )
  * 1 Tsp White Vinegar/Rice Vinegar
  * 1 Pinch of crushed Black Pepper
  * Salt to taste
  * ¼ Cup Chopped Green onion

### Instructions



  * Wash the rice under running water and soak it for 15 minutes. Drain the water and place the rice on a plate lined with a paper towel.

  * Boil 4 cups of water and add the rice when it comes to a boil. Drain the water when rice is 90 per cent cooked and there is a bite left.

  * Mix a few drops of oil to the rice to prevent sticking. Keep aside.

  * Heat oil in a wok and add chopped garlic when it looks super hot. Saute till it looks golden.

  * Add green beans and carrot to the wok. Stir on high heat, add schezwan sauce and mix. 

  * Add rice and stir everything to combine well.

  * Add black pepper powder, salt as per your taste and a little bit of vinegar. Toss to combine everything.

  * Remove from heat and garnish with green onion.

  * Serve hot just like that with your choice of side.

  * Enjoy!!!

.

### Share this:

  * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
  * 

### Like this:

Like Loading...

### Related posts:

Homemade Sichuan/ Schezwan Sauce Kung Pao Tofu Green Beans Mushroom Stirfry
Paneer in Hot Garlic Sauce

Previous Post: « Instant Pot Broccoli Cheese Soup

Next Post: Air Fryer Crispy Tofu With Lemon »

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Footer

↑ back to top

###

Like us

  * Facebook
  * Pinterest
  * Instagram

Privacy Policy

Please sign up to get latest recipes in your Inbox!

Email Address

Subscribe

Copyright © 2021 **myspicetrunk.com**



##

##

Loading Comments...



Write a Comment...

Email (Required) Name (Required) Website

###

%d bloggers like this:

