https://iamhomesteader.com/wonton-soup/


Skip to content

  * Home
  * About
  * Homestead
  * Recipes
  * Contact
  * 

Home â–¸ Soups â–¸ Wonton Soup

# Wonton Soup

By Amanda Rettke â€¢ March 20, 2022  
Dinner â€¢ Pork â€¢ Soups

Jump to Recipe

FacebookTweetPinEmail

Wonton Soup is a seasoned chicken broth-based soup that is filled with boiled
homemade pork wontons. If you love wontons, be sure to try my Homemade Cream
Cheese Wontons and Jalapeno Popper Wontons.

## Wonton Soup

Wontons originated in Northern China and were considered sealed buns. Wontons
are similar to dumplings, but the wonton wrappers are usually thinner than
dumplings. This recipe starts with seasoned chicken broth. Then, the wrappers
are filled with a ground pork mixture, boiled, and added to the broth for a
flavorful soup.

## Soup Ingredients

There are two parts to this recipe-the wontons and the soup.

**Pork:  **Ground pork will be seasoned and will fill 24 wonton wrappers. It
does not have to be pre-cooked; the pork will cook through (160Â°F) as it is
boiled.

**Vinegar:  **Rice Wine Vinegar is made from fermented rice and is a common
ingredient in Asian recipes. It has a touch of sweetness and acidity. If you
don't have any on hand, you could get by with apple cider vinegar or lemon
juice, in a pinch.

**Chicken Broth:  **This is a broth-based soup. But, you could use an
alternative base like a chicken stock if that is what you have on hand.

## How to Make the Wontons

The first thing to make for this recipe is the wontons. There is some filling
and folding, so it will take a few minutes to get them ready to be boiled.
First, mix together the ground pork with the rest of the wonton ingredients.
Again, the pork does not have to be precooked. Once the mixture is made, it's
time to fill and fold the wontons.

Place a heaping teaspoon of the seasoned pork mixture in the center of each
wonton wrapper. Be careful not to overfill the wrappers so they donâ€™t burst
while boiling. To fold the wonton wrappers, brush the edges with water and
fold in half diagonally. Press the edges to seal in the mixture.

Then, slightly lift up the long side of the folded wonton and wrap the edges
to seal. You may need to add a little more water to the edges to keep them in
place. Set the wonton aside and finish with the remaining wontons. Once you
have them ready, start making the soup.

## How to Make Wonton Soup

In a large pot over medium heat, add the chicken broth with the rest of the
ingredients. Keep it warm as you boil the wontons. To boil the wontons, bring
about 4 quarts of water to a boil in a separate large pot. Once the water is
boiling, add the wontons and cook them for about five minutes.

When the wontons are cooked, strain them and add them to the warm chicken
broth base. Serve warm, garnished with red pepper flakes. This would be a
light lunch with Easy Ramen Noodles.  Or, turn it into a starter by serving it
before the main dish like beef and broccoli.

## Can I Make Wontons Ahead of Time?

Yes! To save some time, make the wontons ahead of time. If you are making the
soup the next day, store the wontons in the refrigerator. Place the wontons in
an airtight container until you are ready to boil them for the soup. I like to
line the container with some parchment paper. In addition, make sure the
wontons aren't too close that they stick together.

If you are not using the homemade wontons within a day, freeze them. To freeze
homemade wontons, place them on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper.
Loosely cover them with plastic wrap and transfer the pan to the freezer to
let them freeze. After frozen, store them in a freezer-safe container.

When ready to use them in the soup, you can boil them from frozen (but you
will need to add some extra time) or let them thaw in the refrigerator before
boiling.

## Can I Use Frozen Wontons?

Yes! You can definitely make this recipe even easier by using store-bought
frozen wontons. Boil them according to the package directions.

## Can I Freeze Wonton Soup?

You can absolutely freeze it! Carefully pour the soup into a freezer-safe
plastic bag, seal it well, and lay it flat in your freezer. Be sure to label
and date it. Should last about 6 months.

To reheat, bring it to a boil on your stovetop. You do not need to separate
out the wontons, they can heat along with the soup base.

## More Soups

Soups

### Wonton Soup

Soups

### 7 Can Chicken Taco Soup

Soups

### Chicken Lasagna Soup

Soups

### Creamy Cheeseburger Soup

Soups

### Zuppa Toscana Soup {Olive Garden Copycat}

Soups

### Easy French Onion Soup

5 from 4 votes

## Wonton Soup

Prep Time 30 mins

Cook Time 10 mins

Total Time 40 mins

Wonton Soup is a seasoned chicken broth-based soup that is filled with boiled
homemade pork wontons.

SaveSaved! Print Rate Comment

### Ingredients

#### Wontons

  * 8 ounces ground pork
  * 1 tablespoon rice wine vinegar
  * 1 tablespoon soy sauce
  * 1 teaspoon sesame oil
  * 1 teaspoon fresh ginger, grated
  * 1 teaspoon brown sugar
  * 2 green onions, finely chopped
  * 24 square (3Â½ inches each) wonton wrappers

#### Soup

  * 6 cups (1,440g) chicken broth
  * 1Â½ teaspoons garlic, minced
  * 2 tablespoons soy sauce
  * 1 teaspoon sesame oil
  * 2-3 green onions, finely chopped

### Instructions

#### Wontons

  * In a large bowl combine pork, rice wine, soy sauce, sesame oil, ginger, sugar, and onion. Mix well.

  * Place 1 heaping teaspoon of filling into the center of each wonton wrapper.

  * Moisten edges with water and fold the corners together, pressing out any excess air. (It should look like a triangle).

  * Slightly lift the long edge of the wonton. Wrap the edges in the opposite directions and press firmly to seal, using your finger to create a space and wetting the edges as needed.

  * Continue with the rest of the wontons and let them rest while you prepare the soup.

#### Soup

  * In a medium pot over medium heat add chicken broth, garlic, soy sauce, sesame oil, and green onions.

  * In a separate large pot, bring about 4 quarts of water to a boil. Once the water is boiling, add wontons and cook for 5 minutes.

  * Strain the wontons and add them to the warm broth mixture. Serve warm.

Course: Soup

Keyword: Wonton Soup

Servings: 4

Calories: 427

Author: Amanda Rettke-iamhomesteader.com

Did you make this recipe?

You can tag me at @iamhomesteader.

Share with your friends!

FacebookTweetPinEmail

Categorized in: Dinner, Pork, Soups

## Related Recipes

Soups

### 100 Clove Garlic Soup

Soups

### 100 Clove Garlic Bread Bowl Soup

Soups

### Chicken and Rice Soup

Soups

### Easy French Onion Soup

Meet Amanda Rettke

### Reader Comments

  1. **Beth** says:

July 31, 2022 at 4:48 pm

  
Do you think itâ€™s possible to freeze this soup. I provide meals to my elderly
in-laws and they love wonton soup. Iâ€™d love to be able to make it and freeze
it for them to thaw at a later date. Possibly freeze the wontons separately
and they can add when reheating the soup?

Reply

    1. **Amanda Rettke** says:

August 2, 2022 at 7:45 am

You can absolutely freeze it. I would add it to a freezer-safe plastic bag and
lay it flat in your freezer. Should last about 6 months. To reheat, bring it
to a boil on your stovetop. Even though the wontons have to be cooked
separately from the wonton soup, you can reheat the soup and wontons at the
same time in the same pot or bowl.

Reply

  2. **Rebecca** says:

June 20, 2022 at 12:37 pm

Is it possible to substitute store bought tortellini (meat) instead of
homemade wontons to save time?

Reply

    1. **Amanda Rettke** says:

June 20, 2022 at 12:55 pm

Sure. ðŸ™‚

Reply

  3. **Robert** says:

May 1, 2022 at 1:21 pm

  
Very good

Reply

  4. **Sabrina Johnson** says:

May 1, 2022 at 5:02 am

  
thanks love this soup going to make this

Reply

    1. **Christine Vasquez** says:

June 22, 2022 at 11:42 pm

Love this soup!! Going to try and see if l can make it! Seem easy!! Thank you!

Reply

  5. **Dr Ramani Philip** says:

March 21, 2022 at 7:24 am

  
Thank you! Iâ€™ve always loved Wonton soup for ove50 yrs! Iâ€™m so glad to get
this recipe ! Going to try it soon!!

Reply

  6. **William knowles** says:

March 20, 2022 at 5:15 pm

How to make these vegan

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Î”

Meet

Amanda

Iâ€™m a mom of 5 kids, the wife of a wonderful man, the chicken herder, the
garden helper, and the author of this food website.

I love sharing all my tested and perfected recipes here!

Read more about Amanda

## Most Popular

Air Fryer

### Air Fryer Pork Belly Bites

Side Dish

### Cowboy Beans

Pasta

### Chicken Ranch Macaroni and Cheese

Bread

### Sourdough Starter

Wow, it's my brand-new Cookbook!

Homestead Recipes

Homestead Recipes is a book about comfort food! The best kind in my opinion.
This book has you covered with recipes for all types of meals, with chapters
for breakfast, casseroles, soups, appetizers, ground beef, chicken, pork,
vegetables, salads, bars, desserts, and cookies.

Buy the Cookbook!

## Newest Recipes

See More â†’

Salads

### Salmon Salad

Salads

### Lemon Parmesan Chicken Salad

Seafood

### Creamy Tuscan Salmon

Seafood

### Pineapple Salmon Kebabs

See More â†’

Oh, we're really cookin' now!

Homesteader Emails

All our best recipes.  
All in your inbox.

est. 2016

  *   *   *   * 

  * Home
  * About
  * Homestead
  * Recipes
  * Contact

(C) 2022 I Am Homesteader. All rights reserved. Exclusive Member of Mediavine
Food

FREE EMAIL BONUS

DINNERS MADE EASY

**Anyone hungry?**  
Tips & recipes for delicious dinners without the fuss

YES, I WANT THIS

