https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/185519/homemade-wonton-soup/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Soups, Stews and Chili Recipes
  4. Soup Recipes
  5. Homemade Wonton Soup

# Homemade Wonton Soup

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.7

373 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 297 
  * 4 star values: 53 
  * 3 star values: 18 
  * 2 star values: 2 
  * 1 star values: 3 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 373 Ratings 
  * 271 Reviews 
  * 67 Photos 

This is a recipe I have perfected on my own through the years. I am one who
never measures, so take the measurements as a guide, not as law. This recipe
is one that my family members beg me to make all the time! Enjoy!

Recipe by Starry Night

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Read the full recipe after the video.

Add Photo

Homemade Wonton Soup Colette

Homemade Wonton Soup Julia

Homemade Wonton Soup Shawna

Homemade Wonton Soup Theresa Bales

\+ 63 63 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

30 mins

cook:

10 mins

total:

40 mins

Servings:

8

Yield:

8 servings

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

8

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 8 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1 bunch green onions, cut into 1/2-inch pieces, divided 
  * 6 fresh mushrooms, sliced 
  * 1 pound ground pork 
  * 1 tablespoon sesame oil (Optional)
  * 1 tablespoon soy sauce (Optional)
  * 1 egg 
  * ¼ cup dry bread crumbs 
  * ¼ teaspoon salt 
  * ½ teaspoon ground black pepper 
  * 1 (16 ounce) package wonton wrappers 
  * 8 cups chicken broth 
  * 16 uncooked medium shrimp, peeled and deveined (Optional)
  * 1 medium head bok choy, torn into 2-inch pieces 
  * 16 snow peas 
  * 1 dash soy sauce, or to taste (Optional)
  * 1 dash sesame oil, to taste (Optional)

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Dice the green onions, and set aside all but 1 tablespoon. Slice the
mushrooms, and set aside all but 1 tablespoon. Finely chop the 1 tablespoon of
green onions and 1 tablespoon of sliced mushrooms, and place in a bowl with
the ground pork, 1 tablespoon sesame oil, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, egg, bread
crumbs, salt, and pepper. Stir to thoroughly mix the pork filling.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Spoon about 1 tablespoon of the pork filling onto the center of each wonton
wrapper. Use your finger or a pastry brush to lightly moisten the edges of the
wonton wrappers with water. Fold one corner of the wrapper over the filling
onto the opposite corner to form a triangle. Press the edges together to seal.
Moisten the two long ends of the triangle, fold them together, and press them
firmly to seal.

  * Step 3

Bring the chicken broth to a boil in a large saucepan over medium heat. Drop
the wontons, one by one, into the broth, and let them cook for 3 to 5 minutes,
until they float to the surface. Reduce heat to a simmer, and gently stir in
the shrimp, bok choy, and reserved sliced mushrooms. Let the soup simmer 2
more minutes, until the shrimp turn pink, and then drop in the snow pea pods.
Garnish with the remaining green onions and a dash of soy sauce and sesame
oil, and serve immediately.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

363 calories; protein 22.9g; carbohydrates 40.5g; fat 12.1g; cholesterol
95.3mg; sodium 683.3mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (271)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

love2eat

Rating: 5 stars

05/21/2009

Great recipe! I grew up with my mother making wonton soup on cold days. One
tip I can offer is boiling the wontons separately from the broth in just plain
water, 3-5 min. The reason being, the wonton wrappers are dusted with flour
and it can cloud the broth or slightly thicken it. Wonton broth is supposed to
be clear and thin. After boiling the wontons strain and add to the soup. If
you want a more filling meal you can add egg noodles (refrigerated section of
asian market) to the dish for wonton noodle soup. Boil noodles separately as
well then add to soup. A little more work but so worth it!

Read More

Helpful (599)

### Most helpful critical review

Love2CookMommy

Allstar

Rating: 1 stars

03/07/2011

I did not care for this recipe. Sesame oil was a bad thought on this recipe.
We were all so excited to make this being wonton soup is my family's favorite
soup. The flavors were all wrong. This recipe winds up costing more that
buying it from your local restaurant. I was extremely disappointed and we will
not be modifying this recipe or making it again.

Read More

Helpful (25)

373 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 297 
  * 4 star values: 53 
  * 3 star values: 18 
  * 2 star values: 2 
  * 1 star values: 3 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

love2eat

Rating: 5 stars

05/21/2009

Great recipe! I grew up with my mother making wonton soup on cold days. One
tip I can offer is boiling the wontons separately from the broth in just plain
water, 3-5 min. The reason being, the wonton wrappers are dusted with flour
and it can cloud the broth or slightly thicken it. Wonton broth is supposed to
be clear and thin. After boiling the wontons strain and add to the soup. If
you want a more filling meal you can add egg noodles (refrigerated section of
asian market) to the dish for wonton noodle soup. Boil noodles separately as
well then add to soup. A little more work but so worth it!

BChase3815

Rating: 5 stars

02/23/2009

Absolutely wonderful. I altered the recipe a little b/c I didn't have all the
ingredients, but it was still fantastic. This is also a wonderful base recipe,
as you can add more vegetables or seasoning to get exactly what you want. The
ONLY thing is, the recipe itself makes A LOT, and I would actually suggest
halving it. oh, and if anyone is reluctant to try this b/c making wontons
sounds difficult, its really SO easy. Thank you so much for such a wonderful
treat!

Starry Night

Rating: 5 stars

12/10/2009

From the author. I have seen a few people say they have seen this on a won ton
roll wrapper. After I saw someone post this the first time I searched them out
and lo and behold there was my recipe EXACT with I think one minor change. I
created this recipe from scratch and apparently the won ton company took it
off of AllRecipes. It is too bad you give up all your rights to your recipes
to AllRecipes once you post them. I am curious if All Recipes sold it or if
anyone can just copy them? Anyhow, hope you are enjoying it :). UPDATE: for
the person who said the sesame oil was too much... a few drops of sesame oil
goes a very LONG way, too much sesame oil will ruin the recipe. For the entire
pot of the soup just a few drops of sesame oil is all you need. Light hand
with that!

Sarah

Rating: 5 stars

11/12/2010

Excellent! I love this soup, it's my new favorite! I did make a few changes
due to what I had on hand: I used mild Italian sausage, casings removed.
Therefor, I didn't use the egg or salt and pepper (they didn't need it,
sausage is bound and seasoned already). This slightly changes the flavor of
the wontons, and I think I will try it again using only the ground pork. I
also halved the recipe, and further reduced the sesame oil, which I find very
pungent. I can still taste it (I'm eating this as we speak) and enjoy it, but
I think the full amount might be overpowering to me. As for assembling the
wontons, here are some tips: there is a learning curve...1tbsp of filling was
way too much to try to squeeze in there, I used a biggish tsp. and even then
they are large to get in your mouth. Use VERY little water to moisten the
edges, or they just slide around. Stop caring about trying to make them pretty
shapes, and just do triangles if you're all thumbs like me. For those that
aren't seafood lovers, leave out the shrimp entirely instead of just not
adding it to your own bowl...I can certainly taste the shrimp in the broth
(which I love!). I didn't have the peas, so I added extra greens from the bok
choy. And extra green onions. Over all, this is a delightful dish, thanks for
sharing! PS- thank you to the reviewer who advised boiling the wontons in
their own pot...BUT if you do this step, do not leave them sitting in a wire
colander...they stick, lol.

Debra Lundquist

Rating: 5 stars

04/03/2010

Oh My! This was good! I did substitutions based on what I had on hand. I
didn't have the Ground Pork, but I did have bacon bits (don't laugh, it
worked!!!), so I used 1/4 cup bacon (any more than that and it would have been
too salty). In other recipes I saw on other sites, the broth was made using
pork bones and shrimp shells, so I wrapped the bacon in cheese cloth and
steeped it in the broth for 10 minutes. I threw my frozen shrimp in the broth
to defrost and pulled it out after about 5 minutes. I also added 1 small knob
of fresh ginger, sliced into 5 pieces, and let that steep for 45 minutes. The
broth ended up having a full, rich complex flavor that is amazing. I then ran
the bacon bits through my Magic Bullet to make the pieces less chewy and it
gave it a great texture. I coarsley chopped the shrimp, put it in the green
onion and bacon mixture, and kept everything else the same, except I didn't
need to add salt due to the saltiness of the bacon. I found that I could
barely fit 1/2 teaspoon of the mixture onto the wonton and still fold it
without tearing. As a result, I ended up with 50 wontons!!! I also cooked the
wonton's separate from the broth, then added them when done. This ended up
being a phenomenal comfort food! Sure it took a while to make the wontons, but
I sat and listened to good music while making them so it wasn't a chore! Thank
you, Starry Night for a wonderful base that can even be modified to what's on
hand. Now, back to my soup!!!

Kathryn Eleanore

Rating: 5 stars

09/16/2010

Wow. I followed the recipe exactly, with the exception of using Morningstar
Farms burger crumbles instead of pork (please note I let them thaw and then
used them just like meat). I also didn't use shrimp. The soup was amazing. I'm
making my second batch tonight. The flavoring is absolutely delicious. Thank
you so much for this recipe!

jyuzik

Rating: 5 stars

11/17/2010

This recipe was easy and amazing.My husband said it was the best won ton soup
he's ever had and we live in a city with a lot of great authentic Chinese
restaurants. That said I did make some changes. When making the won ton
filling, I add the shrimp to the won ton instead of the broth. Just our
preference and it didn't get lost in the soup. I also added some dried garlic
to the filling. To the broth, I used both chicken and vegetable broth to add
more flavour. I also added sliced ginger, carrots and broccoli. Next time I
will add slices of BBQ pork. We also cooked separately some long noodles and
added them to the bowls before adding the won ton soup. Another reviewer
stated that this recipe made a lot of won tons and its true. I froze mine on
parchment paper before putting them into a container. I now have them on hand
to make another batch of soup quicker. Will definitely make this again.

Pete

Rating: 5 stars

03/03/2009

This is a great recipe. I made it exactly as written except I made a half
recipe and it was perfect for two as a main course with a side of Chinese
ribs. You can adjust it with different vegies but the recipe is a real keeper.
MSO said it was better than we get at our favorite Chinese cafe. Thanks Starry
Night.

Love2CookMommy

Allstar

Rating: 1 stars

03/07/2011

I did not care for this recipe. Sesame oil was a bad thought on this recipe.
We were all so excited to make this being wonton soup is my family's favorite
soup. The flavors were all wrong. This recipe winds up costing more that
buying it from your local restaurant. I was extremely disappointed and we will
not be modifying this recipe or making it again.

LINDA MCLEAN

Rating: 5 stars

07/23/2009

This was my virgin voyage in making homemade wontons and I'm thrilled to say
that this recipe was a huge hit with my family. The pound of pork made more
than enough filling so I froze what was left and will use it to make egg rolls
next week. Took love2cook's advice and simmered the wontons separately from
the soup. Great suggestion. Thank you Starry Night for a great recipe!!

MarkA

Rating: 5 stars

06/25/2011

This is my first try at wontons and I had mixed success with it but I'm giving
it five stars because I'm pretty sure any problems I had were operator error
and it was flat out delicious no matter the glitches. I first fried them as an
appetizer with a Thai style dipping sauce. I stuffed the wontons as full as I
thought I could and still seal them but after I removed them from the hot oil
either the filling had shrunk or the wonton had expanded and there was a large
pocket inside the wrapper that was only half full of filling. Still, we all
loved them as an appetizer. I next made the soup and that's what I'll probably
stick to in the future. Absolutely delicious. I added some fresh grated
ginger, a little fish sauce, and a little more tamari to the broth. Once again
I had a little issue with the wontons as they wanted to disintegrate before I
was ready to serve. Maybe I cooked them too long? Still, I won't hesitate to
make this again because the flavor combo of the cabbage, filling and
seasonings was out of this world. I am considering just turning the filling
into small meatballs, browning them and adding them to the broth along with
some soba noodles next time. No matter, a great recipe!

Cheryl

Rating: 5 stars

05/23/2009

Easy to make and super tasty. My husband orders wonton soup with every take
out chinese meal and said this had the best flavor. Makes a lot so serve a
crowd or be prepared to eat it again for lunch and lunch and lunch...

Jenny K.

Rating: 5 stars

06/23/2011

Wonderful, amazing, delicious soup! The filling made 48 wontons for me,
definitely using less than a tablespoon of filling per wrapper (maybe more
like 1.5 teaspoons), using a little less than one 14-ounce package of wonton
wrappers. Served this for dinner with some steamed edamame. I made a couple of
small changes too: (1) I left out the shrimp (my husband is allergic) and was
still thrilled with the flavor. (2) I cooked the wontons separately in boiling
water in batches, then when a batch was finished I just added it to the
broth+vegetables, repeating this until all were cooked. (3) I found that 8
cups of broth wasn't enough for 8 servings of soup, since there were so many
wontons and veggies, so I ended up just adding some extra broth until it was
more like the wonton soup I'm used to. I probably added an additional 2-3 cups
total. I know that seems like a lot, but the leftovers needed it especially,
since the wrappers drink up some of the broth. I will definitely be making
this again!

daidai

Rating: 4 stars

05/28/2010

I actually like the other recipe for wontons on this site because of the
shrimp; I think that the addition of shrimp makes the wonton taste so much
better. Also adding a package of preserved mustard tubers makes it taste
delicious. Some suggestions on how to make the wontons more authentic-looking:
1. Place 1 tsp. of the meat in the center of the wrapper, 2. Place water on
the edges of the wrapper, 3. Fold the bottom of the wrapper to match the edges
of the top of the wrapper to form a rectangle, 4. Fold the top part of the
rectangle (the part that's not wrapping the filling that's stuck together)
over the filling part, 5. Turn the wrapper over so that the folded part is
folded upward in the back, 6. Bring the top 2 edges of the rectangle together,
and use water to stick them to each other securely. It takes me roughly 1 hour
to wrap 150 wontons, but for some it may be longer or shorter.

saradonkey74

Rating: 5 stars

07/23/2011

I think this turned out fabulous.I would use less won tons though and add more
water or broth.Be gentle with the cooked won tons which tear easily.

vic

Rating: 5 stars

08/10/2009

this was really really good. i subbed DRIED shitake mushrooms for fresh. they
are alot stronger and add much deeper flavour to the chicken broth so you can
add a little less if you go this route. also, i used napa/chinese cabbage
instead of bok choy. it turned out really really delicious.

Bree Johnson Henderson

Rating: 5 stars

10/24/2010

Sooooooooo good! I was afraid it would be bland. It wasn't, it was excellent!
I cooked my pork mixture first. It didn't really specify and I had watched a
few videos on, you tube, on how to wrap the won ton and they cooked it first,
so I did too to be safe. I added water chestnuts for my husband because he
loves them. Other then the water chestnuts, I did everything else by recipe
and it was awesome!

Kelly Rudd Layne

Rating: 5 stars

12/31/2010

As stated by many, this recipe makes a lot. Instead of freezing the prepared
wontons, I divide the filling into three separate batches: I prepare one
batch, and freeze the other two batches in separate ziploc containers.

SHORECOOK

Rating: 5 stars

09/21/2010

DELICIOUS soup! I left out the mushrooms, shrimp and snow peas as I didn't
have any. This is the first time I made wontons so I had a little difficulty
folding them. I'm still not sure if I did it right. I watched a video on
"YouTube" for extra help. Because I had never cooked with bok choy, I wasn't
even sure what it looked like. I asked the young man in the produce department
and he helped me find it. I should have asked him, "What part do you cook?"
LOL! The recipe says "torn into 2-inch pieces" so I used the leaves. I don't
know if that was right either. I read some reviews for help and saw that some
were cooking their wontons separate. I wasn't sure what to do. My thinking was
that the sausage flavors would be lost in the water that you throw away. I
stuck to the recipe and it turned out great. This soup was DELICIOUS! Thank
you Starry Night for sharing!!

Laura the Potter

Rating: 5 stars

09/30/2009

So awesome! I diced up spinach leaves and shredded carrot & boiled them in
with the soup, I used just a few cans of broth, but then the cubes...

Blessed

Rating: 5 stars

11/07/2010

We have a favorite Chinese restaurant that we moved away from 8 years ago, and
haven't found a good one since. We loved their wonton soup. I used to request
it from my husband everytime I was sick. Well, this has got to be it! It is
fabulous! The only thing different is they had sliced pork in theirs. That's
it! The only thing I am going to try different next time, is to put the
wontons in at the end so they don't over cook. Thank you, thank you, thank
you!

Diana

Rating: 5 stars

12/08/2010

Wonderful! This was very good and as good as a chinese restaurant. My friend
is chinese and he owns a restaurant and his dumplings taste exactly like this.
This was a hit! Thanks!

Marty

Rating: 5 stars

06/01/2010

This was very tasty. I substituted ground shrimp in the wontons instead of
pork, but it still had full flavor. Better than I've had at any restaurant,
and great reheated for lunch the next day.

Litegal1

Rating: 5 stars

03/25/2011

!! Wonderful !! I halved recipe and only ended up making 8 wonton to go into
the soup ... (4 each for hubby & I) ... outstanding flavor! Note to self:
remember to a) make sure peas are in bite size portion and that the cook very
quickly and b) cut the tails off shrimp (I forgot which made it awkard to
eat). A new family favorite!

Brianna Johnson

Rating: 5 stars

06/28/2011

Amazing flavor. much better than what i can get at local restaurants. i added
lots of mushrooms to mine and am soooo addicted.

Gia

Rating: 4 stars

06/27/2010

used tofu instead of pork, and veg broth rather than chicken.. yum :]

Sarah Neely

Rating: 5 stars

10/23/2010

Great recipe! I cooked the wontons seperate like the previous reviews said and
added ginger in the broth!

Becca

Rating: 5 stars

06/23/2011

Excellent recipe!! DEFINITELY a keeper - the only alterations we made were
pretty basic - we used 12 cups of broth rather than 8, and we had some
leftover baby portabella mushrooms that we used, it called for 6, we had 9. It
was wonderful...and we'll be making it again!! :) THANKS for the recipe!!

Irene R

Rating: 5 stars

10/02/2010

Soo good, we loved it. Used a pork roast instead of ground pork.

Alayna B

Rating: 5 stars

09/29/2010

These were fantastic! I made just a few changes...I omitted the mushrooms
becaue I didn't have them. In addition to the filling ingredients, I added
about a tsp. of finely chopped fresh ginger, 1 tsp. brown sugar, and a tbs. of
sherry. After making the wontons, I boiled them in plain H2O. I then heated up
the chicken broth and added the bok choy. Right before we were ready to eat, I
added the wontons back to the soup. I didn't add the shrimp, snow peas, extra
soy or sesame oil. This recipe really takes little effort but produces a big
tasty result!

luvcooken

Rating: 5 stars

05/01/2011

BEST EVER!!!! Delicious, my family asks me all the time for this wonton soup!

V Renée Lord

Rating: 5 stars

02/24/2011

This soup is EXCELLENT. I made some changes, but nothing significant except
adding oyster sauce (1 tbsp). I used baby bok choy, oyster mushrooms, extra
green onions (because I love the flavor). I added sliced water chestnuts, used
vegetable broth and chicken broth and panco crumbs. I took the advice of
another and boiled the wonton's separately. I can't rave enough about this
soup! Thank you SOOO much for posting it!

Soup Loving Nicole

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

07/19/2011

Perfect as is! You have to like the sesame oil or you are not going to like
this recipe because the flavor definitely comes through. Next time I might
throw some chopped water chestnuts in the pork mixture and then throw some
bean sprouts on top just for fun.

nativegrrly5

Rating: 5 stars

01/01/2011

This was soooo good! I didnt have any bok choy so i just used spinach leaves.
The flavor was really good. Def a keeper.

dewdrop

Rating: 5 stars

05/18/2010

Wonderful soup! I will hold on to this recipe forever. I did omit the shrimp
and snow peas and added more mushrooms. This soup honestly beat out any soup I
have bought over the years. I will be making my wonton soup from now on.

BERNZOMATIC

Rating: 5 stars

05/30/2011

Delicious! Very easy too. I've made this twice now with only one modification.
I added about 2 tbsp of ginger (the kind you can buy in a jar) because I
really like the flavor. Just be sure to mind your cooking times. When it says
"let the soup simmer for 2 more minutes" after the addition of the bok choy,
mushrooms and shrimp they mean it. Don't do like I did the first time and
think you can leave it simmering until dinner is ready! Be sure you take it
off the heat after you add in the show peas and green onions or else the bok
choy, green onions and snow peas will get all mushy. The soup will still be
edible but not quite as tasty and it won't present quite as nicely.

nic1013

Rating: 5 stars

12/27/2011

Made this for the first time today and it is awesome! Followed another
reviewers advise and boiled wontons in seperate boiling water then added them
to the soup. It kept brother clear and pretty and not murky from the flour of
the wonton wrapper. Other than that I changed nothing and it turned out great
(and I'm usually a tweaker). Thanks for sharing this recipe!!

Amy Girard

Rating: 5 stars

05/21/2011

Amazing, and with the left over wontons I fried them as an appetizer

Ami17

Rating: 5 stars

03/30/2014

This recipe is amazing, I have made it 3 times now and it is very forgiving,
The first time I made it I made it as is, the second time I didn't have the
veggies except for green onions and it was still amazing, Third time I made it
I had everything but instead if the whole pound of pork I used a 1/2 pound and
halved the seasons for the filling, It was amazing that way, This will be
something I cook for the next 50 years for sure, thank you 100 times for this
recipe :)

Holly Jo Marabella

Rating: 5 stars

03/18/2011

AMAZING! Love all the veggies in the broth. I did boil the wontons separate
and I added more broth than it said.. ohh and once you make the wonton, you
can cook them up and make amazing pot stickers... I did this to two of them
just to try it out... wish i would have done a few more.. lol But AMAZING easy
soup

OkinawanPrincess

Rating: 4 stars

10/05/2011

A very tasty and comforting soup! I grew up eating wonton soup and I love
chinese dumplings. I always use fresh ingredients and lots of freshly grated
ginger. I love the ginger-y and garlic taste in my wontons and that is what I
added. I always include chopped shiitake mushrooms, shrimp and water chestnuts
to the meat mixture for added flavor and texture. I season with low-sodium soy
sauce, sesame oil, Hawaiian sea salt and black pepper for taste (just eye-
ball, never measuring). I omitted the bread crumbs. Once I place the meat
filling onto the center of the wonton wrapper, I moistened the edges of wonton
wrap with water and seal the edges. I boiled them in a pot of water until they
floated to the top then set them aside while I heated up my 3 cups of chicken
broth. I was only serving three people so I had to cut back on the servings
amount. I added sliced char siu to my soup along with some (blanched) baby bok
choy. Lastly, I garnished my soup with sprinkles of chopped green onions. This
is a nice balance of flavors of the wonton, veggies and the hot chicken soup.
We always enjoy this hearty, delicious and comforting soup!

QueenofLA

Rating: 5 stars

02/13/2011

This recipe is phenomenal. Great as is and versatile enough to make changes. I
added carrots, ginger, garlic and omitted the mushrooms and shrimp. The only
thing I would urge is NOT to skip the sesame oil it really gives it something.

maygrrl

Rating: 4 stars

06/24/2011

Great soup, but a lot of work. I used sage sausage (on accident), and it
turned out really yummy. I'll probably only be making it for really special
occasions because of the time needed to fill all those wantons.

Melinda

Rating: 5 stars

07/27/2011

Delish! Used kale in place of the bok choy and didn't use the snow peas cause
I forgot. Sesame oil is so delish! We added soy sauce cause we love salt. This
is a very good soup. Takes a bit of work but if you have the time then it's
worth it. I am lucky I have the time on my hands to make time consuming
recipes. Thanks for a great recipe. I will put this on my menu in the winter
months cause we live in AZ...

Jessica

Rating: 5 stars

08/29/2011

It's so good and easy to make. I felt super creative making the wontons. my
kids loved this soup and have requested it several times, Just follow as
written. 5 stars!

Nicole Burdett

Rating: 3 stars

11/10/2010

The wontons were great, BUT, the soup really needs something... I added a
little ground ginger to both the wontons and the broth... it helped, but not
enough to make this great. Just "pretty good", so I probably won't make it
again since it took about 2 hours.

Tejay

Rating: 3 stars

11/25/2011

This was okay. No wow factor.

tbeale20

Rating: 5 stars

12/17/2011

Did not add shrimp and could not find any snow peas, but I don't think it
could have been any better. Just ate some for breakfast. Yumm!

amyk109

Rating: 5 stars

03/12/2011

We loved this. Even making the wontons was easy, and the soup was delicious.

hdupuis

Rating: 5 stars

12/16/2011

This was the first time I tried making homemade won ton soup... it turned out
great. My family loved it!

lauren

Rating: 5 stars

02/22/2010

The wontons were wonderful and the shrimp were also excellent in it. The only
thing I would change is to add the bok choy with the snow peas at the very end
instead of before hand. I like the bok choy for the crunch. And also...the
soup seemed to taste better the next day. So for you busy people out there
this is a good soup to make on a rainy sunday and to eat during your busy work
week. Wonton wrappers are in the produce section btw...it took me a couple
grocery stores to figure that out!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

10/06/2010

One of my favorite recipes! Easy and fun to make and SO delicious :) It does
yeild quite a few, and I live alone but it worked out nicely. I froze about
25% of the meat mixture and the left over wrappers (seperatly) and will pull
them out when my mom comes to visit this weekend so she can enjoy it too!
Thank you for posting this recipe

Danielle

Rating: 5 stars

03/15/2010

Yum! I'm a pretty inexperienced cook and I had no trouble with this recipe!
Thanks for sharing!

LIVORY

Rating: 5 stars

12/02/2013

I really liked this. I always wanted to make my own because the soup from the
stores are VERY salty. However, I did make one change. Instead of JUST chicken
broth, I added about 2 tablespoons of MISO paste. Gave it a really good
flavor.

Lorie

Rating: 5 stars

01/15/2011

I just enjoyed the Best Wonton Soup I ever ate!!! I will be making this soup
again...and often. My son-in-law doesn't like Wonton Soup but loved this and
ate 2 bowls full. I omitted the snow peas because they weren't available at my
local store but did not miss them. Thanks for sharing this keeper.

mommymeggy

Rating: 5 stars

03/28/2012

Allow yourself plenty of time to make this - rolling the wontons is a slow
process. A couple of NOTES: I followed the suggestions to boil the wontons in
water separately, then add them to the soup once cooked. This was a good idea,
but I let my wontons sit in the colander too long & they stuck together & some
tore open - Just a warning. Also, although the recipe doesn't indicate it, I
cooked my sausage on the stovetop before filling the wrappers. It didn't seem
to me that the filling would have cooked in the 5-minute boil, & I didn't want
to risk raw meat. It worked great -- I wonder if pre-cooking the sausage is a
step missed in the instructions?? Overall, it's worth the labor as it's a very
flavorful soup. Only ingredient change I made was to sub 25% of the broth with
beef as that's what I've seen used in Chinese restaurants. The family LOVED it
(even little ones) & I'll make it again.

Angela Dutton Vranish

Rating: 3 stars

08/14/2011

Loved making the wontons, didn't love the flavor. I'm thinking a little
tweaking to my family's tastes won't be hard though, and we'll have to give
this another try sometime soon.

Jacki A.

Rating: 5 stars

10/14/2012

This is awesome soup! I did add some chicken bullion because I like mine a bit
saltier. I also left out the shrimp but only because I have never had wonton
soup with shrimp. It does make a lot of wontons but I love them so I added
them all.

Jo Stinnett-Junkins

Rating: 5 stars

09/19/2011

I absolutely loved this recipe. I think it's kinda of a pain to make, but
because it tastes so good I will make it again. My mother-in-law said she
would like more broth and I do agree. I will make it with 12 cups of broth
next time. Also, I halved the sesame oil, only because of my family. I
personally love sesame oil! Will make again, definitely.

Katrina Capella

Rating: 2 stars

08/27/2011

very bland, the snow peas were hard as rocks, and the only real flavor came
from the wonton filling, which is bland too. I would not recommend this.

Karen

Rating: 5 stars

10/02/2011

Made to recipe standards. Only made half of the wontons which seem to be
enough for this recipe. Froze extra sausage to make into wontons next time. I
didn't find their was tons like other reviews. With 5 adults we made this our
main dish with bread on the side.

SHEFFY4

Rating: 4 stars

02/03/2011

I am so happy with how this turned out. I forgot to get mushrooms, so I left
those out, but the recipe was still very good. Also, I added carrots for a
little color, and they went well with the soup. Next time I might try adding
some more flavorings to the pork filling, it was a little bland. But overall,
a really good recipe.

danalowens

Rating: 5 stars

02/15/2010

This recipe is SO yummy. Better than at a restaurant. The only thing we
changed was to use a cuisnart to blend the mix a little finer. Thank you so
much for sharing. We've had it twice in two days !!!!!

Kate87

Rating: 5 stars

01/06/2012

Amazing!! I made a few changes: for the wontons- I only used half the amount
of pork and green onions, added savoy cabbage (a few handfuls as I did not
have bok coy), and omitted the mushrooms, snow peas and shrimp (I served it
with coconut shrimp...); for the broth, I boiled the chicken broth with a few
splashes of soy sauce, sesame oil, pepper, garlic, and shrimp tail shells. The
wontons are easy to make - they are time consuming but that's to be expected;
I folded a few to save time and that method worked fine too. One additional
change I made was to remove the wontons after cooking them and to stream in
two beaten eggs- I love egg drop soup and with they are generally not
combined, it turned out great! If you want to use all the pork mixture, I'd
recommend making more broth - I used 12 cups of broth to 1/4 of the pork
mixture. Overall, this is a keeper and so much better than most of the take-
out places near me!

allana

Rating: 5 stars

12/14/2009

This was pretty close to my grandpa's recipe, I made this with egg foo yung
from this site and used the leftover ground pork from the wontons in the egg
foo yung and it was awesome!

trooworld

Rating: 5 stars

04/02/2012

Time consuming but delicious!

GIGGLES66

Rating: 5 stars

08/25/2009

This soup is amazing. Everyone in my family loved the soup and even phoned
their friends to tell them about how good it was =)Delicious!!!!

Kidd

Rating: 5 stars

02/05/2010

This was amazing! Wontons are a little work, but so worth it!! I added some
sliced carrots and a kaffir lime leaf (sold by Epicure). Even a very picky 5
year old ate the wontons!! Yeah!

RILEY1IG

Rating: 5 stars

08/23/2009

This was fantastic and a definite keeper!! The only change we made was that we
used chicken instead of shrimp. Loved it!!

Jen978

Rating: 5 stars

01/19/2010

Made this for dinner tonight... my family loved it! Cut the recipe in half and
it was enough for 3... I did use more than half the amount of broth tho. I'll
probably make this again next week! Yum!

AnnieG

Rating: 5 stars

09/11/2010

I have made this several times and just love it. I have frozen this before and
it does well. Thanks so much for posting this recipe. I have been asked for
this recipe several times when I have shared some soup. This is definetly a
winner!!!

kerry

Rating: 5 stars

09/14/2014

Added 1/2 can of baby shrimp to the pork stuffing, probably not necessary.
Next time, just use egg noodles and make the meat into meatballs, cook in the
broth, as the wrappers mostly fell off of the meat while cooking anyway. Note
to self: DO NOT DOUBLE.

Katrina

Rating: 5 stars

10/07/2009

I was really impressed with this soup! It's soul warming and incredibly
filling.

Yvonne

Rating: 5 stars

03/09/2010

I added carrots, mushrooms,beans. Dash of soya sauce & sesame oil. Added
bought wontons and noodles from the asian market. So good !

Alisha Logan

Rating: 5 stars

04/16/2012

I am new to the won ton game..but my man loves won ton soup and was bugging me
to make it...I finally gave in and looked at several recipes..This one seemed
easy enough..I prepared it as exactly written..I was a little skeptical but
made my little won tons..which was a little time consuming but my boyfriend
helped and it was fun! I boiled the won tons in water before adding them to
the broth and the end product was AMAZING! I have never tasted such wonderful
soup like this.It was so filling and tasted so fresh! My boyfriend thinks I'm
a professional cook! Thank you starry night for sharing this recipe!

Alison Alfredson

Rating: 5 stars

12/08/2009

This was delicious and had the flavor of a Chinese restaurant soup. My family
loved it! My father, who is a pro at cooking soups, raved at the recipe. I
followed the directions to a tee and only added baby corn since I had them. I
will make it again...when I have the time! The dish makes a lot and the won
ton prep is a bit time consuming.

Sharon Brideau

Rating: 5 stars

01/25/2015

These turned out fantastic.. I, like other users boiled my dumplings
separately. I used ground turkey instead of pork or chicken and added some
cayenne spice. They were super yummy, I'll probably add more veg to my soup
next time. Thanks for the recipe ??

cookinghealthywannabe

Rating: 5 stars

11/20/2011

Perfect! We love this recipe as is! I do use less than a tablespoon of filling
in each wrap otherwise I can't get them closed. Makes for twice the wontons
but that my family's favorite part : )

Eepie

Rating: 5 stars

04/02/2010

This is VERY good. I tweak it by eliminating the ingredients we don't like,
but that's just for personal preference. The filling is great, but be careful
not to fill the wontons too full (like I did the first time). I'm making this
again tomorrow with fried rice...makes a great meal and helps to use up some
leftovers too! For my own info after making these many times now: I don't use
mushrooms or shrimp. I add a few extra snow peas and sometimes a little extra
bok choy. A 12 oz package of wonton wrappers only needs about .5 lb of pork,
but I usually make a whole batch and freeze half for later. Do as someone
suggested and heat the wontons first in plain water to keep my soup nice and
clear. I only leave them in the water for ~30 seconds, then move them to the
boiling broth. I also add a lot more broth, because I like my soup "soupy."

Alison Martin Gomes

Rating: 5 stars

02/06/2010

I've made this several times exactly as stated minus the optional shrimp. It
is soooooo good. Now I make it using half chicken broth and half wonton soup
broth that I purchase from the asian market. It comes in powder form in a
packet. My DH says this is better wonton soup than the restaurants. I'd have
to agree with him.

dands

Rating: 5 stars

01/07/2012

My son introduced me to allrecipes.com. I've always wanted to make my own
wonton soup! Using this recipe as a guideline, I omitted the shrimp and
mushrooms ( not my idea!) and added some ginger and some garlic to the broth.
Also added some slivers of carrot. Oh, and I added mini baby bok choy, instead
of the medium head of bok choy. It was delicious!

merina

Rating: 5 stars

01/24/2012

Wow!! Yummy!!! I added carrot, ginger, and a lot more broth. Also took quite a
bit longer to do the wontons for me, but it seemed like the wonton wrappers
that I bought were very little (about 2.5" by 2.5" box) so they held less meat
in each one. If I wasn't the one that made it, I would have sworn it came from
a restaurant! Will make again and again! (I also had way too many wontons so I
left a bunch out and fried them the next day as an appetizer. Delicious!!!)

frozenground

Rating: 5 stars

02/14/2010

The only change I made was to use ground turkey instead of pork. Fabulous!!

Angela

Rating: 5 stars

11/10/2011

Another suggestion to freezing the soup, you can freeze the wonton's
separately and then just throw them in the broth to thaw/warm them up!

Soquel

Rating: 4 stars

11/16/2011

I made it! I added ginger, carrots,mushroom, and watwer chesnuts to the pork
mixture.. I also added oyster sauce to both the mixture and broth... I also
included a bag of stir fry veggies (carrot, broccoli, snow peas)And used Napa
Cabbage instead of bok choy.. I had alot of fun with this recipe and loved
it!! I think if I hadnt added a few things the won tons would have been a lil
bland.. But seriously I bet even as is it was delicious! I loved it!

sarah

Rating: 5 stars

03/20/2013

This recipe was AMAZING! SO easy! SO GOOD! I am at best a Novice in the
kitchen and this was by far one of the best new recipes I have tried! Thanks
so much for the great dish.

stephluvs2cook

Rating: 3 stars

04/18/2010

This was missing flavor. The only flavor that stood out was the sesame . It
didn't taste like authentic wonton. I did give it three stars because I think
it may have promise with some tweaking. I saw alot of recipes with rice
vinegar and ginger so maybe that is what was missing. Due to the amount of
time involved I won't make this exact soup again, sorry.

Rebecca Beatty

Rating: 5 stars

05/09/2010

so good. better than my take out place.. and so easy!! loved it

Mrs-Jennifer Kowalowski

Rating: 5 stars

02/04/2011

This recipe was amazing!! I also halved the recipe due to the fact that I did
not have any pork. I used fresh raw shrimp and bacon chopped up in a food
processor together and added a little garlic as well as the other stuff the
recipe calls for. I boiled the wontons separate as other reviewers did and
they came out fantastic!

Christie_C

Rating: 5 stars

05/26/2014

Perfect just as directed! A family favourite!

sinnca

Rating: 4 stars

11/16/2011

Amazing!!!! It tasted like I had ordered it from my fav resturant. A must have
is the sesame oil added to each serving!

lanaijen

Rating: 5 stars

01/03/2010

Oh my goodness! This is so good! I have two little boys, and they both love
restaurant wonton soup, so I thought I would give this a try. This soup is
better than the restaurant version! It tastes so healthy and homemade...wow! I
followed other reviewers' advice to boil the wontons separately and just added
them to the broth when they were cooked. I also did not put the mushrooms,
peapods, or shrimp in the broth since it was enough of a shock for my boys
just to see the bok choy in there. I will make this again, perhaps once a
week!

Krystina Rubino

Rating: 5 stars

01/15/2012

This recipe was phenomenal! So easy and it was a huge hit. Before I heated up
the chicken stock, I sautéed 1 tbsp each of minced garlic and ginger in 1 tbsp
vegetable oil and a splash of sesame oil, then added 1/4 cup thinly sliced
scallions. Then I just let the broth simmer for 30-40 minutes or so. And I
used 12 cups chicken broth instead of 8, because I also cooked noodles
separately, and then had guests add them to their bowls before ladling the
soup in. I also agree w/ other reviewers that the recipe made a ton of wontons
- I definitely froze some of the wontons on a sheet pan then put them in a
ziploc bag. Can't wait to make this again, it was so yummy!

Amanda Sparkles

Rating: 5 stars

09/07/2009

This was amazing. I used chicken cubes and the paste to make the broth to my
taste. I enjoy saving money. I used probally 12 cups of water by the time it
was done. The wontons turned out very delicious. Not hard to make at all just
time consuming. I also used dried shitake mushrooms which gave it more of that
deep earthy taste, I really was not a fan of that. I will use traditional
mushrooms next time. I also used shrimp that made it taste yum!! Thanks for
the recipe!!!

Tami

Rating: 5 stars

10/22/2011

I wanted to make it simple, so i didn't use the veggies (except green onion)
and shrimp. It's still so yummy!!

TOMATOQUEEN

Rating: 5 stars

05/31/2012

Delicious!

Love2cook32

Rating: 5 stars

07/22/2013

LOVED this soup!! My husband and kids loved it as well. I will for sure make
this soup again.. it's worth the time to make the dumplings! I did add a
little more broth and used 4 cups of my homeade broth I had in the freezer. I
did not add the shrimp as I made this to go with my lettuce wraps and chicken
satay. I can't wait to eat the leftovers.

kl23453

Rating: 3 stars

02/09/2014

My first time making wonton soup. Wish I had known wontons turn to mush
quickly. I let it simmer for about 10-15 minutes while I prepared other food.
The wontons turned mushy and the filling came out of them :-( Also meat
mixture was kind of bland. I will probably try again, but steam the wontons
separately and add them to the individual serving bowls. Also will add season
salt or something to filling.

Shannon

Rating: 4 stars

03/30/2013

Like the recipe submitter, I'm also not one to measure things, so I used my
own amounts and added a little ginger, garlic powder and soy sauce to the
chicken broth. Since I used chicken base instead of broth (which results in a
cloudy broth) it likely wouldn't have mattered had I just went ahead and
boiled the wontons in the broth (I boiled the wontons in water per popular
review advice). I used slivered cabbage in lieu of bok choy and omitted the
shrimp. It was flavorful and I'll definitely be making this again. Next time,
I will decrease the sesame oil a bit and add more garlic, but overall, a very
"tweakable" recipe, which is just up my alley. However, I did notice this
recipe is nearly identical to the Nasoya brand wonton wrappers, so I found
myself looking at the AR specifications and also looking at the directions on
the Nasoya package. No matter, it's still good. My 4 1/2 DD and I are HUGE
fans of this soup. DH....not so much. I will freeze the leftover pork filling
and the wontons, but separately so I'll be ready for another batch the next
time the craving arises.

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Homemade Wonton Soup

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Homemade Wonton Soup

##  All Reviews for Homemade Wonton Soup

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Homemade Wonton Soup

Servings Per Recipe: 8  
Calories: 362.8  

% Daily Value *

protein:  22.9g  46 %

carbohydrates:  40.5g  13 %

dietary fiber:  3.3g  13 %

sugars:  2.7g

fat:  12.1g  19 %

saturated fat:  3.8g  19 %

cholesterol:  95.3mg  32 %

vitamin a iu:  5122.4IU  102 %

niacin equivalents:  11.3mg  87 %

vitamin b6:  0.5mg  28 %

vitamin c:  57.5mg  96 %

folate:  150.3mcg  38 %

calcium:  185.3mg  19 %

iron:  4.7mg  26 %

magnesium:  57.7mg  21 %

potassium:  635.8mg  18 %

sodium:  683.3mg  27 %

thiamin:  0.7mg  68 %

calories from fat:  108.8

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Homemade Wonton Soup

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 271

Homemade Wonton Soup

1 of 67 Homemade Wonton Soup

Colette

Homemade Wonton Soup

2 of 67 Homemade Wonton Soup

Julia

Homemade Wonton Soup

3 of 67 Homemade Wonton Soup

Shawna

Homemade Wonton Soup

4 of 67 Homemade Wonton Soup

Theresa Bales

Homemade Wonton Soup

5 of 67 Homemade Wonton Soup

Dobolino

Homemade Wonton Soup

6 of 67 Homemade Wonton Soup

darcy

Homemade Wonton Soup

7 of 67 Homemade Wonton Soup

heartofgold

Homemade Wonton Soup

8 of 67 Homemade Wonton Soup

Steven Bronken

Homemade Wonton Soup

9 of 67 Homemade Wonton Soup

Gombeto

Homemade Wonton Soup

10 of 67 Homemade Wonton Soup

darcy

Homemade Wonton Soup

11 of 67 Homemade Wonton Soup

Derek Dawson

Homemade Wonton Soup

12 of 67 Homemade Wonton Soup

Virginia Griffith

Homemade Wonton Soup

13 of 67 Homemade Wonton Soup

cheri

Homemade Wonton Soup

14 of 67 Homemade Wonton Soup

ColoradoJane

Homemade Wonton Soup

15 of 67 Homemade Wonton Soup

Elaine Hackett Tessier

Homemade Wonton Soup

16 of 67 Homemade Wonton Soup

danielle.m

Homemade Wonton Soup

17 of 67 Homemade Wonton Soup

Lito

Homemade Wonton Soup

18 of 67 Homemade Wonton Soup

Mama Cheshire

Homemade Wonton Soup

19 of 67 Homemade Wonton Soup

Dave Fine

Homemade Wonton Soup

20 of 67 Homemade Wonton Soup

Krystone

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Homemade Wonton Soup to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Homemade Wonton Soup

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

