https://www.delish.com/uk/cooking/recipes/a29185394/easy-wonton-soup-recipe/


Search

  * Meals & Cooking
    * How To Guides
    * Recipes
    * Cooking Advice
    * Dinner Recipes
    * Baking Recipes
    * Vegan Inspiration
    * Healthy Recipes
  * Drink
  * Shop
    * Kitchen Accessories
    * Cookware
  * Read
    * Food News
    * Longer Reads
  * All Videos
  * Follow
    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * Twitter
  * About
    * Contact Us
  * Newsletter
  * Privacy Notice
  * Cookies Policy

Editions:

  * US
  * UK

  * Dinner
  * News
  * Drinks
  * Cooking

  * Newsletter

UK UK

Type keyword(s) to search

Today's Top Stories

1

45+ Best Summer Chicken Recipes

2

15+ Best Pink Cocktails

3

55+ Best BBQ Recipes

4

30+ Best Bank Holiday Recipes

5

25+ Best Lemon Desserts

We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this
article.

# Wonton Soup

By Lena Abraham

22 Sep 2020

Ethan Calabrese

We turn to this quick and easy wonton soup over and over when temperatures
start dropping. Not only does it come together in a flash, but it's also super
satisfying without weighing you down. If you'd like to add some veggies to
this soup, try dropping some quartered pak choi into the boiling broth a
couple of minutes before serving.

**What is a wonton wrapper?  **

****Wonton wrappers are squares of fresh egg noodle dough that can be boiled,
fried, or baked. The dough is soft and easy to fold, cut, and easily seals to
itself when pinched.

**Where can I  find wonton wrappers? **

****Most supermarkets carry wonton wrappers, often in the freezer or
refrigerated section. If your local supermarket doesn't carry them, the
nearest  Asian specialty food store definitely will.

**Can I boil the wontons separately from the broth?  **

****Yes! We cut out this step to save time, but if you want to ensure your
broth is clear, boil your wontons in a separate pot of boiling water. As soon
as they float, transfer them to your prepared chicken  broth.

**Can I  freeze the wontons? **

****Yep!  Freeze your wontons uncooked, and keep them sealed in an airtight
container to avoid freezer burn. They can be cooked from frozen, they just
might need another minute or two of cook time.

_Editor's Note: This introduction to this recipe was updated on September 22,
2020, to provide more information._

Read More +  Read Less -

Advertisement - Continue Reading Below

Makes:  4

Prep Time:  0  hours  10  mins

Total Time:  0  hours  30  mins

Ingredients

For the wontons

300 g

pork mince

2 tsp.

soy sauce

2 tsp.

chives, thinly sliced

1 tsp.

rice wine vinegar

1 tsp.

cornflour

1 tsp.

grated ginger

1

garlic clove

1/2 tsp.

crushed chilli flakes

1/2 tsp.

sesame oil

1

package square wonton wrappers

60 ml

water

For the soup

1 l

chicken stock

5cm piece of peeled ginger

2 tsp.

soy sauce

2

garlic cloves, smashed

1/4 tsp.

sesame oil

2 tbsp.

sliced spring onions, for garnish

This ingredient shopping module is created and maintained by a third party,
and imported onto this page. You may be able to find more information about
this and similar content on their web site.

Directions

  1. In a large bowl, mix pork, soy sauce, chives, vinegar, cornflour, ginger, garlic, chilli flakes and sesame oil until fully incorporated.
  2. Using your finger, wet the edges of the wonton wrapper with water. Place half a tablespoon of pork filling in the centre of the wonton wrapper. Fold the wonton in half diagonally to create a triangle, and seal the edges. Fold the two identical corners in on each other and press again to seal. Repeat until all wonton wrappers are filled.
  3. Bring all soup ingredients to a boil. Simmer on low for 10 minutes, then remove ginger and garlic cloves and bring it back to a boil. Lower in wontons and cook for 10 minutes more. Serve into bowls and garnish with spring onions.

Ethan Calabrese

Lena Abraham Senior Food Editor Lena Abraham is the Senior Food Editor at
Delish, where she develops and styles recipes for video and photo, and also
stays on top of current food trends.

This content is created and maintained by a third party, and imported onto
this page to help users provide their email addresses. You may be able to find
more information about this and similar content at piano.io

Advertisement - Continue Reading Below

More From Easy Dinner Recipes

40+ Best Beef Mince Recipes

20+ Best Aubergine Recipes

* * *

Advertisement - Continue Reading Below

Halloumi Kebabs

* * *

Baked Sausage, Peppers, & Onions

* * *

Slow Cooker Chicken Cacciatore

Chicken Fried Rice

* * *

* * *

Perfect Baked Chicken

How To Make Halloumi Fries

* * *

Butternut Squash Ravioli

* * *

Bombay Aloo

* * *

  * Black Friday 2022
  * Chicken Recipes
  * Fish Recipes
  * Curry Recipes
  * Pasta Recipes
  * Food News
  * Best Recipes
  * Cooking Tips
  * Kitchen Gadgets
  * Cocktails & Drinks

Delish, Part of Hearst UK Delish participates in various affiliate marketing
programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen
products purchased through our links to retailer sites.

(C)2022 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30
Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England
112955. All rights reserved.

  * Contact Us
  * Cookies Policy
  * Terms & Conditions
  * Complaints
  * Privacy Notice
  * Advertising
  * Sitemap

  * Cookies Choices

