https://momsdish.com/wonton-soup-recipe


## Subscribe

Get Started with Summer Grilling

GO!

Momsdish

## Search

Search for:

Menu

Go Back

  * Recipes
  * Ebooks
  * Natalya’s Story

  * Instagram
  * Facebook
  * Pinterest

### Recipe Categories

  * All Recipes
  * Air Fryer
  * Bread
  * Breakfast
    * All Breakfast
    * Anything Eggs
    * Casseroles
    * Grains
    * Pancakes & Waffles
    * Pastries
    * Quick Recipes
  * Main Dishes
    * All Main Dishes
    * 15-Minute Recipes
    * 30-Minute Recipes
    * Asian
    * Italian
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Low-Carb Recipes
    * Mexican
    * Pasta & Grains
    * Potato Dishes
    * Sandwiches
    * Vegetarian
  * Meats
    * All Meats
    * Beef
    * Chicken
    * Lamb
    * Pork
    * Turkey
  * Recipe Roundups
  * Salads
  * Seafood
  * Sides & Appetizers
    * All Sides & Appetizers
    * Finger Foods
    * Sandwiches
    * Spreads & Dips
    * Veggie Sides
  * Soups
  * Sweets & Desserts
    * All Sweets & Desserts
    * Cakes
    * Cookies & Bars
    * Cupcakes & Muffins
    * Jello Recipes
    * Pastries
    * Simple Treats
    * Sweet Breads
  * Russian & Ukrainian
    * All Russian & Ukrainian
    * Appetizers
    * Cakes
    * Dumplings
    * European Breads
    * European Potato Dishes
    * Meats
    * Pasta & Grains
    * Salads
    * Seafood
    * Soups
    * Sweets
  * Miscellaneous
    * All Miscellaneous
    * Canning
    * Dressing & Sauce
    * Drinks
    * Jams
    * Seasoning
    * Snacks & Treats
  * Videos

### Kitchen Tips Categories

  * All Kitchen Tips
  * How To
  * Other

Home / Recipes / Soups

# Quick & Easy Wonton Soup Recipe

### Recipes

  * All Recipes
  * Air Fryer
  * Bread
  * Breakfast
  * Main Dishes
  * Meats
  * Recipe Roundups
  * Salads
  * Seafood
  * Sides & Appetizers
  * Soups
  * Sweets & Desserts
  * Russian & Ukrainian
  * Miscellaneous
  * Videos

### Kitchen Tips

  * All Kitchen Tips
  * How To
  * Other

Jump to Recipe

This recipe for wonton soup uses a quick frozen wontons hack. Made in just 30
minutes, it’s teeming with juicy dumplings, bok choy, shiitakes & green
onions.

If you love ordering a huge bowl of wonton soup when you hit your favorite
Chinese restaurant, this recipe is for you. Using a frozen, store bought
wontons trick, it comes together in just 30 minutes and is made all in one
pot. Effortless and so tasty!

## What is Wonton Soup?

Wonton Soup is probably already one of your go-to dishes when you order
Chinese take out. If it’s not, get ready to fall in love. This soup is
typically made with a light chicken-based broth and chock full of juicy
dumplings and tender bok choy. For this recipe, we add some mushrooms because
for more depth of flavor.

**Frozen Wontons** : I love using Trader Joe’s Chicken Cilantro Mini Wontons.
If you don't have one in your area, pick any dumpling from the grocery store
or specialty Asian market.

## The Components of this Wonton Soup Recipe

Every wonton soup is a little different, but each will likely have the
following central, ingredients:

  * **Greens**  – Green onion and bok choy are crucial musts that elevate any wonton soup worth eating. You could also add in spinach, cilantro, broccoli or any other greens you like.
  *  **Garlic  **– Fresh garlic adds a welcome taste and fragrance to your wonton soup.
  *  **Mushrooms**  – While not every wonton soup calls for mushrooms, I believe they add a wonderful depth and earthiness. Shiitakes are my go-to, but feel free to use any fungi you like.
  *  **Broth**  – Chicken is preferred, but feel free to use veggie or even beef broth.
  *  **Wontons**  – You can use store bought wontons if you’re in a pinch for time. If you’re feeling ambitions make our gyoza recipe or pelmeni from scratch and substitute them for wontons.
  *  **Seasoning**  – Highly recommend adding a bit of low-sodium soy sauce and pure sesame oil to the broth. It adds so much flavor!

## Preparing Wonton Soup with Frozen Dumplings

In just five simps steps, you’ll have a ready-to-eat, restaurant quality soup
in just 30 minutes total time.

  * **Make the Broth** : Combine water with chicken broth and pressed garlic. Bring to a boil.
  *  **Toss in the Frozen Wontons** : Next. add in wontons.
  *  **Add in the  Veggies**: Slice the bok choy into smaller pieces and toss it in the soup pot. Next, add in the mushrooms.
  *  **Simmer  the Soup**: Turn the heat up to medium high heat and let the soup simmer for 15 minutes. 
  *  **Add in the Soy Sauce & Sesame Oil**: Season the soup with soy sauce and sesame oil. Ladle up a bowl and enjoy!  

## 3 Tips for the Tastiest Wonton Soup

A couple of handy tips will help you make the best, steaming bowl of wonton
soup.

  * **Use low-sodium broth.  **Since you'll add in soy sauce at the very end, you'll want to use low-sodium chicken broth to ensure the soup doesn't come out too salty. 
  *  **Wash the bok choy well.  **Bok choy is prone to having dirt stuck in between the leaves. Wash it thoroughly under cold water to make sure there's no grime. 
  *  **Don 't overcook the wontons. **Avoid overcooking the wontons, as they will turn super mushy. Once they float to the top, they're ready to go! 

## Storing Leftovers

The awesome part about wonton soup is that the flavor just gets better and
better as the broth marinates in itself. Store your soup in an airtight
container in the fridge for up to five days. To reheat, place your soup in
saucepan over medium-heat and stir every now and again until warmed through.

## FAQ

### Is wonton soup healthy?

Wonton soup is quite healthy. While the wonton wrappers do contain carbs, it's
pretty minimal and the soup is quite light with all the veggies.

### What is usually inside a wonton?

There are so many different kinds of wonton fillings. Typical stuffings
include ground pork, shrimp, vegetables, scallions, ginger, rice noodles, and
so much more.

### What's the difference between wontons and dumplings?

There is no difference between wontons and dumplings - they are the same
thing! Dumplings is just an overarching word that references all bite-sized
morsels.

### Can wonton soup be reheated?

Yes, wonton soup can be reheated in the microwave or on the stove top in a
sauce pan. To do so, cook it over medium heat until warmed through.

### Can wonton soup be frozen?

It's not a good idea to put wonton soup in the freezer. The dumplings don't
thaw well and will turn to mush upon reheating. It's best to eat this soup
within a couple of days!

## Other Soup Recipes

  * **Dumpling Soup**  – Herby, savory dumpling soup
  *  **Minestrone Soup**  – Olive Garden copycat recipe 
  *  **Cabbage Soup**  – Slavic comfort food 
  *  **Beef and Barley Soup**  – Bone-in beef soup

## Share Some Love ❤️

## Recipe

## Wonton Soup Recipe

Print Pin

Servings

8 servings

Prep Time 10 mins

Cook Time 20 mins

Total Time 30 mins

Recipe contributed by: Natalya Drozhzhin

This wonton soup is the perfect, quick weeknight dinner. Even though it comes
together in just 30 minutes, it tastes out of this world and is so satisfying.

### Ingredients

  * 32 oz low-sodium chicken broth
  * 2 cups water
  * 2 cloves of garlic
  * 20 wontons 
  * 8 oz shiitake mushrooms
  * 4 baby bok choy
  * 1 tbsp sesame oil
  * 2 tbsp low-sodium soy sauce
  * 3 stalks  green onion

US Units - Metric

### Instructions

  * Combine the water and chicken broth with fresh pressed garlic. Bring it to a boil. 

  * Add in the frozen wontons. 

  * Toss in the bok choy. 

  * Add in sliced shiitake mushrooms. Turn the heat to medium-high and let the soup simmer for about 15 minutes or until the wontons float to the top.

  * Add in the soy sauce and sesame oil. Remove from heat. 

  * Garnish with green onions and serve right away. Enjoy! 

Nutrition Facts

Wonton Soup Recipe

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 110 Calories from Fat 27

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 3g **5%**

Saturated Fat 1g **5%**

 **Cholesterol** 2mg **1%**

 **Sodium** 436mg **18%**

 **Potassium** 221mg **6%**

 **Carbohydrates** 16g **5%**

Fiber 2g **8%**

Sugar 2g **2%**

 **Protein** 6g **12%**

**Vitamin A** 2559IU **51%**

 **Vitamin C** 27mg **33%**

 **Calcium** 82mg **8%**

 **Iron** 2mg **11%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Posted November 2, 2020

## About Author

### Natalya Drozhzhin

Instagram Facebook Pinterest Twitter

Natalya founded Momsdish to demonstrate that placing a homemade meal on the
table is not hard at all. Natalya makes cooking easier and approachable, by
simplifying the ingredients, while still producing the same great taste.

## You May Also Like

  * #### Dumpling (Pelmeni) Soup

  * #### Gyoza Recipe (Japanese Dumplings)

  * #### Chicken Lo Mein (One Pan)

  * #### Khinkali Recipe (Georgian Dumplings)

  * #### Easy Chicken Tortellini Soup (One Pot)

  * #### Easy Crab Puffs Recipe (Crab Rangoon)

##  20 Comments

  1. AllisonJun 13, 2022

Do you have a recipe for making wonton? Or, are there ready made frozen wonton
in the store?

Show More

LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinJun 13, 2022

Hi Allison- these are frozen, store bought wontons and this is what makes the
soup come together so fast! I love the wonton options that Trader Joes has,
but any brand of wonton will do!

Show More

LikeReply

  2. sheranMar 11, 2022

Impossible to find won tons where i lit would be nice to have a recipe for
homemade won tons.

Show More

LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinMar 11, 2022

Hi Sheran- The wontons I use in this recipe are specifically from Trader Joes,
they have a few yummy options there! Otherwise most stores would carry them in
the frozen section. Thanks for your feedback!

Show More

1LikeReply

  3. NJeanJan 8, 2022

32 oz broth and 2 cups water makes 8 servings? Doesn’t sound right.

Show More

LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinJan 8, 2022

You can definitely cut it down to four servings if you're serving it as an
entree. Hope this helps!

Show More

LikeReply

  4. LaurieJan 6, 2022

Really light and satisfying. I will definitely make again. Only changes I made
was I used portobello mushrooms and added freshly grated ginger and a little
fish sauce.

Show More

1LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinJan 6, 2022

Yay! That's great to hear, Laurie. I love those additions! I bet the fish
sauce added such a nice depth of flavor. Happy New Year!

Show More

1LikeReply

  5. RobertaDec 3, 2021

I made this soup the other day and LOVED it! I did not want to pay the high
price for shiitake mushrooms so I used large criminal mushrooms instead and I
added U15 shrimp. DELICIOUS!

Show More

1LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinDec 3, 2021

Hi Roberta - Thank you for the kind words! So happy that you loved it. You can
totally swap out the mushrooms and I don't blame you - shiitake can cost an
arm and a leg! The shrimp addition is something I'll have to try...

Show More

LikeReply

  6. YuliyaMay 22, 2021

Per the instructions it seems like all three bok choy, wontons, and mushrooms
are to be added at the same time. My wontons rose to the top after 4 minutes
of "simmering" on medium/high heat so the "15 minutes or until they rise" is
misleading.Trader Joe's package says to add them in the last 1-2 minutes of
cooking.

Next time I would add the wontons after the bok choy and mushrooms had some
time to simmer alone. My wontons ended up being really mushy.

Too much soy sauce/sesame oil as well. It completely overpowered and didn't
have the gentle flavor that PF Chang's wonton soup has. Just my personal
preference though.

I needed to add salt at the end so would opt for regularly salted chicken
stock, especially if adding less soy sauce.

Show More

2LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinMay 22, 2021

Hey Yuliya, thank you for all your feedback. I am sure it will help many
people. If wontons are fully frozen they typically would take longer than a
few minutes but if they do float to the top, you should go to the next step
(which we did mention in the recipe). Soy sauce and sesame oil would be a
preference thing because I personally add more to my bowl. Sorry, it didn't
turn out the way you expected.

Show More

LikeReply

  7. IsabellaFeb 23, 2021

One of my favorite soups when I’m craving something light but delicous, thank
you Natalya!

Show More

1LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinFeb 23, 2021

You're welcome! I hope you love this recipe!

Show More

LikeReply

  8. BetsyNov 2, 2020

The Trader Joe wontons are the BOMB! So good. My kids love them! And putting
them in this delicious soup was genius! I mean, homemade wontons are
good...but TJ's are super delicious, too! Soup tastes fantastic!

Show More

LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinNov 2, 2020

Ya those wontons make for the easiest dinner when you are in a rush. I am so
glad you enjoyed the recipe.

Show More

1LikeReply

  9. JenNov 2, 2020

What a great way to use wontons. Today is such a cold and dreary day that this
would be perfect for dinner. Thanks!

Show More

1LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinNov 2, 2020

Yes this soup is so comforting, perfect for fall and winter!

Show More

LikeReply

  10. AnnaNov 2, 2020

This soup was a huge hit with my family! Everyone had two bowls because it's
delicious!

Show More

1LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinNov 2, 2020

I am so glad you enjoyed the recipe. It really makes for the best family
dinner.

Show More

LikeReply

## Hello!

Welcome to my blog! Momsdish is all about less ingredients and approachable
cooking. I promise to make you fall in love with cooking. Read my story to see
what makes Momsdish so special.

Natalya's Story

## Momsdish Network

  * Instagram
  * Facebook
  * Pinterest

## Search

Search for:

  * General
    * Home
    * Recipes
    * Ebooks
  * Business
    * About
    * Contact Us
    * Careers
  * Legal
    * Terms of Use
    * Privacy Policy
    * Website Accessibility Policy
    * Disclosure
  * Social Networks
    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * Twitter

Copyright momsdish.com, a Timofey, LLC company.

Disclosure: This website is part of Amazon's Associates Program. The pages
contain affiliate links that earn us a commission. See full Disclosure.  
Terms: All content on this website, including the dietary information, are for
educational purposes only and not to be considered professional or medical
advice. See full Terms.

Summer Grilling  
(Ideal Meal Prep)

CEO - A really good hub

Receive Natalya's personal 5 tips and tricks she uses to make dinners easy.

Invalid email address

* * *

Learn More About This Series

Thanks for subscribing!

Summer Grilling  
(Ideal Meal Prep)

CEO - A really good hub

Receive Natalya's personal 5 tips and tricks she uses to make dinners easy.

Invalid email address

* * *

Learn More About This Series

Thanks for subscribing!

Summer Grilling  
(Ideal Meal Prep)

CEO - A really good hub

Receive Natalya's personal 5 tips and tricks she uses to make dinners easy.

Invalid email address

* * *

Learn More About This Series

Thanks for subscribing!

