https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/103218/chicken-and-chinese-vegetable-stir-fry/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. World Cuisine
  4. Asian
  5. Chinese
  6. Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

# Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.3

104 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 57 
  * 4 star values: 35 
  * 3 star values: 8 
  * 2 star values: 2 
  * 1 star values: 2 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 104 Ratings 
  * 73 Reviews 
  * 14 Photos 

This is a fantastic stir-fry dish that tastes like it came straight from a
good Chinese restaurant! It never fails to get rave reviews from my family and
friends! Serve it hot over white or brown rice.

Recipe by Laura

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

Add Photo

Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry maskipaps

Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry Chris

Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry chad

Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry Rhonda O'Donovan

\+ 10 10 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

20 mins

cook:

25 mins

total:

45 mins

Servings:

6

Yield:

6 servings

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

6

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 6 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 14 ounces skinless, boneless chicken breast meat - cut into bite-size pieces 
  * ½ cup oyster sauce 
  * 2 tablespoons soy sauce 
  * 3 tablespoons vegetable oil 
  * 2 cloves garlic, minced 
  * 1 large onion, chopped 
  * ½ cup water 
  * 1 teaspoon ground black pepper 
  * 1 teaspoon white sugar 
  * 1 (8 ounce) can sliced water chestnuts, drained 
  * 1 cup snow peas 
  * 1 small head broccoli, cut into florets 
  * 3 tablespoons cornstarch 
  * ¼ cup water 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Combine the chicken, oyster sauce, and soy sauce in a mixing bowl until the
chicken is evenly coated with the sauce; set aside.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Heat the vegetable oil in a wok or large skillet over high heat. Stir in the
garlic and onion; cook and stir until the onion is limp, about 1 minute. Add
the chicken and marinade. Cook and stir until the chicken has browned and is
no longer pink, about 10 minutes.

  * Step 3

Pour in 1/2 cup of water; season with pepper and sugar. Add the water
chestnuts, snow peas, and broccoli. Cover; boil until the vegetables are just
tender, about 5 minutes. Dissolve the cornstarch in 1/4 cup of water. Stir
into the boiling mixture; cook until thick and no longer cloudy.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

217 calories; protein 17.5g; carbohydrates 16.8g; fat 9.2g; cholesterol
40.3mg; sodium 500.1mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (73)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

T's

Rating: 5 stars

12/20/2009

I've been looking for a good stir-fry recipe and this one was awesome! I will
double the amount next time so that we have left overs. I think I'll add some
mushrooms to it also. Yummy!

Read More

Helpful (67)

### Most helpful critical review

sarahbeths

Rating: 3 stars

10/02/2012

There is nothing disgusting or problematic with this meal, but it wasn't
particularly interesting or flavorful. Just simple, basic stir fry. Also, the
10 minutes of stir-frying the chicken prior to even adding veggies is WAY too
much. I had a hunch that was much too long so I did about 5 minutes before
adding the veggies/liquids, and even that dried the chicken all the way out.
The chicken is cooking about three times longer than it needs to.

Read More

Helpful (15)

104 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 57 
  * 4 star values: 35 
  * 3 star values: 8 
  * 2 star values: 2 
  * 1 star values: 2 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

T's

Rating: 5 stars

12/20/2009

I've been looking for a good stir-fry recipe and this one was awesome! I will
double the amount next time so that we have left overs. I think I'll add some
mushrooms to it also. Yummy!

Meredith

Rating: 5 stars

10/14/2009

This is an easy recipe that's really tasty. I used frozen stir fry vegetables
instead of fresh though. Next time I might add more soy sauce and some other
spices to give more flavor. I'll definitely be using this recipe again.

vanessa

Rating: 5 stars

02/09/2010

this was really good, i followed the recipe exactly, except i eyeballed the
soy sauce instead of measuring 2 tablespoons (after fighting the oyster sauce
i didnt feel like fighting with that little spout on the soy sauce bottle
lol). it was a little thick after the corn starch mixture was added but still
very good. next time i might do it without the cornstarch and maybe add some
ginger to it. i used canned water chestnuts and just used the water i drained
from the can for the 1/2 cup of water, added the sugar and pepper to that then
poured it into the skillet. might also cut down the pepper a little bit next
time because it might be too spicy for some people, just pepper to taste. very
very good recipe with a lot of tinkering potential, but also great as is.

jasminetea

Rating: 5 stars

12/08/2011

Very tasty, very easy and quick dish to make. My Asian family really liked
this and I will definitely be adding this to our dinner rotation. The only
change I made was in the amount of soy sauce and oyster sauce used. This will
of course depend on personal preference, but my husband and I often feel that
the Chinese food served at restaurants in America is too salty/strong. I grew
up in a Chinese family and actual Chinese cooking is milder. So when
marinading the chicken, I used only enough soy sauce and oyster sauce to
generously coat the meat (I did not measure, but am sure that it was less than
what the recipe called for), and let that sit for approx. 20 minutes. The
flavor came out perfectly for us -- strong enough to enjoy the chicken and
veggies but not overpowering to the point where all you can taste is sauce.

KimberlyOakes

Rating: 5 stars

07/01/2010

I will never buy frozen stir fry again! I added carrots and mushrooms instead
of snow peas, and I added about a teaspoon of Sesame Seed Oil to the marinade
(recommend!). I was very skeptical when I smelled the oyster sauce, but it
really added such a great flavor to all of the ingredients!

hot suns

Rating: 5 stars

01/30/2010

Great flavor! I will be making this again. Only change I may make is to use a
little less cornstarch. It turned out a little thick for me.

Veebs

Rating: 5 stars

08/13/2010

I jused only 1.5 Table spoons of corn starch and added 1 Tea spoon of minced
ginger and this recipe rocks! Made it again with shrimp and it tastes even
greater!

sarahbeths

Rating: 3 stars

10/02/2012

There is nothing disgusting or problematic with this meal, but it wasn't
particularly interesting or flavorful. Just simple, basic stir fry. Also, the
10 minutes of stir-frying the chicken prior to even adding veggies is WAY too
much. I had a hunch that was much too long so I did about 5 minutes before
adding the veggies/liquids, and even that dried the chicken all the way out.
The chicken is cooking about three times longer than it needs to.

Hardinlove

Rating: 5 stars

09/29/2010

I just made this and it tastes like I just walked out with chinese take out! I
just added extra soy sauce and used frozen stir fry veggies.

DIZ&#9829;

Rating: 5 stars

12/08/2009

Stir fry doesn't get any easier than this. It's pretty basic. I'm not sure I
liked all of the pepper in it, but my husband said that was his favorite part.

Mama-of-Two

Rating: 4 stars

10/09/2009

Great recipe for a chinese food beginner. Easy and tasty. I added fresh ginger
for a little more flavour.

Chrishunter4

Rating: 4 stars

10/28/2010

I made this recipe as-is and it is very good. A good basic go to recipe for a
simple stir fry. I added additional spices to taste.

PinkArmenia

Rating: 4 stars

12/20/2011

Great recipe, but instead of peas and chestnuts I add red, yellow, green bell
peppers and broccoli. I think it works better...looks much nicer and all the
textures and different flavors of the peppers make it a dish to die for.

Jennifer

Rating: 4 stars

08/21/2010

This was really good. I forgot to add the sugar & pepper, but it wasn't
missed. Also, didn't add the water chestnuts because we don't like them. Next
time I will add ginger & mushrooms.

matt151617

Rating: 5 stars

01/23/2011

Wow, this is fantastic! It tastes just like takeout! Thank you so much for
saving us money by being able to make it ourselves. A note on the leftovers:
the cornstarch will make the sauce into basically "ooblek". No matter how much
I reheated it I couldn't get it to turn liquid again. Still, mixed and mashed
into the rice it still made great leftovers.

delish

Rating: 5 stars

05/28/2012

This is a great base recipe for stir fry! I tripled the sugar and made it
brown sugar (better tasting) and added 2 stalks of chopped lemongrass (HIGHLY
RECOMMEND for enhanced flavor). I used the vegetables I had on hand: parsnips,
carrots, shallots, zucchini, green pepper. This recipe mades oyster sauce
actually taste ten times better! ;-)

COOKSHEART

Rating: 5 stars

01/04/2010

Very good. Simple to make. Followed recipe

Eunice

Rating: 5 stars

12/12/2013

My husband and I just made this last night. The only big change we made was to
omit the cornstarch and extra water because while we were cooking, the sauce
was tasty and thick enough. It was really quite a tasty dish. Thanks for
sharing the recipe.

Maiden

Rating: 4 stars

11/30/2012

Very tasty yes but I wouldn't label it 'authentic Chinese restaurant style'. I
also used far less cornstarch going by experience and incorporated more
veggies. Will make again thanks.

Wiser1

Rating: 5 stars

11/20/2009

Doubled the sauce(including water) to make Lo-mein .. Turned out good- added
ginger-but.... It was kinda "rich"- don't know if it was the extra thick
oyster sauce I used or what- next time I will not double the sauce I will just
add a little more water and not oyster sauce and use extra cornstarch-- My 10
year old son lovvvved it!!! Of course adding 12 oz. noodles makes a meal that
would feed a small chinese village-- yum!!! leftovers!!!!!!

LHDSCHMITT

Rating: 4 stars

07/17/2011

Very good. Just needed to add some ginger to finish it to our tastes.

Kate Nash

Rating: 4 stars

04/22/2014

To save the veggies from a squishy death, here's what I suggest: In 2T water,
steam broccoli and snow peas in large skillet. Remove from skillet. (I use the
large bowl I will eventually serve the dish in). Allow skillet to dry over
heat. Add oil to skillet, and stir fry marinated chicken until cooked thru
(about five minutes). Add onion, garlic, ginger (if used) to the skillet. stir
and cook. In a measuring cup, combine water, pepper, cornstarch, and pour into
skillet with meat. Stir over heat until thickened. Add back in vegetables.
Stir until heated through. Serve with rice.

Steve

Rating: 4 stars

08/24/2010

Good, quick dish. Substituted bean sprouts for water chestnuts and broccoli
and it was still pretty good!

shoppinginheels

Rating: 5 stars

01/09/2012

Loved this recipe!!! I made my own lil changes with low sodium soy, canola
oil, mushrooms, carrots, broccoli and a lil bit of sliced cabbage. I also
added some smart taste thin spagetti to it cause my husband suggested it. I
did cut down the cornstarch like others said to. I will be making again soon.
It was an easy recipe and it turned out amazing! Everyone in my household
liked it.

gypsysoulclothing

Rating: 4 stars

02/14/2011

Best stir fry I've made yet, but still not quite perfect. Very good!

Gavin

Rating: 4 stars

10/24/2010

needs ginger

spacebase

Rating: 5 stars

06/05/2010

This was awesome! I used the veggies I had on hand (carrots, bok choy, regular
broccoli, mushrooms). I didn't have oyster sauce so I substituted with mostly
soy sauce, a little fish sauce, rice vinegar, 2 tsp sugar, and 1 lime). The
Lime really pulled it together as the combo of fish sauce, vinegar, and sugar
was a little weird. I cooked the chicken with the garlic, then added the
mushrooms until done then followed the recipe for timing. Wasn't much water in
the skillet so I ended up adding 3/4 cup in all, and only 2 tbsp of
cornstarch. I didn't have water chestnuts of almonds but it was still great!

SweetNov88

Rating: 5 stars

04/09/2012

We really enjoyed this. I don't really like snow peas so I used a can of baby
corn instead. I added mushrooms to it as well. You could use pretty much any
vegetable you like. Will make again for sure.

ryrasa

Rating: 4 stars

01/29/2012

My kids really liked this. I thought it was ok, but missing something - not
sure what. I will try with ginger next time. I did cut the cornstarch in half
as suggested by others. I also added green pepper to it and blended in well.

krskff

Rating: 3 stars

07/30/2010

I thought the oyster sauce made the stir-fry too thick.

Angelo Mark Ordoña Porgatorio

Rating: 3 stars

07/05/2014

I think the 3 tablespoon cornstarch is overkill... it 'gelatinized' the
remaining juice of this dish... :( I'm sorry I'm not that great in
adjustments, so I stick to the listed ingredients...

just_jam

Rating: 3 stars

11/18/2014

i am going to guess that it all depends on what brand of oyster sauce you
use.. we get the cheap stuff from the dollar store and it tends to be salty..
i ended up using 1/4 c of it and 1/4 c of low sodium soy.. i used a little
less than 1.5 lbs of chicken thighs.. subbed carrots, mexican squash, bell
pepper, and mushrooms for the chestnuts, snow peas, and broccoli.. left out
the cornstarch slurry and it was still pretty thick from the oyster sauce..
served this over white rice which balanced out the salt.. ty for recipe

snoopyshai

Rating: 5 stars

05/03/2011

This dish was great and enjoyed by the entire family. I did however use the
frozen stir fry vegetable and a little more garlic (i am a garlic lover). i
also added 1tsp of ginger as suggested by anothe reviewer. This is definitely
a keeper and will be made again and again.

letsgetcooking

Rating: 4 stars

12/12/2010

this was good!

kathryn

Rating: 5 stars

03/15/2010

I used frozen Asian stir fry veggies and added extra frozen broccoli so it was
very easy to make and was so tasty!! We served it over basmati rice. The sauce
is excellent. We just made it this weekend and will be making it again
tonight. Thanks for the recipe!

Riverria

Rating: 4 stars

03/13/2014

Overall, this recipe is very tasty. Only thing I would be aware of is that the
cornstarch makes the sauce much like a gravy. And although it didn't taste
much like take-out like I was hoping, my family still loved it and it was
super easy to make! Fried rice is a great addition to this meal opposed to
plain white or brown rice. I will definitely make this again with less
cornstarch.

Elizabeth Warman

Rating: 4 stars

12/06/2014

Very good stir fry recipe. It goes fast so make sure you have everything ready
beforehand. I'll sometimes add onions or bell peppers.

krogers1977

Rating: 5 stars

05/31/2014

Great, great taste! I did add some seasoned salt and ground red pepper to
spice it up a bit. DELISH!

riz

Rating: 4 stars

09/02/2012

I used bok choy, broccoli, snow peas, red pepper, and mushrooms. I agree, any
combination of vegetables works. It came out really soupy, even after I added
the cornstarch. But tasted very good.

Zachary Ryan Smith

Rating: 4 stars

04/01/2014

My take: Marinade: 2T soy sauce 2T Worcestershire sauce water to cover Other:
3T sesame oil 1T garlic, minced 1 large onion pepper to taste peanut butter to
taste veggies veggies veggies Next time: Will brown the chicken in a drier
pan.

L. Panneton

Rating: 5 stars

09/18/2010

I prepared this for dinner last week, and my husband and I loved it. My
husband rated it 10+ blue ribbon super good!

CHC

Rating: 4 stars

04/26/2013

We extended the recipe - not really doubled - by adding a bit more chicken,
green and red sweet peppers and carrots and little extra of the oyster sauce.
It was really good. Next time will probably do the same amount of veggies but
a little less sauce just to reduce the saltiness. And the leftovers became
after school snacks the next two days!

special-kei

Rating: 5 stars

03/08/2011

Absolutely great recipe is a family favorite.

Brett Michaels

Rating: 2 stars

01/15/2018

The corn starch and the large onion combined with a full teaspoon of pepper
makes for a gelatinous, yellow pepper gravy which was quite unfortunate. Cut
down 1/4 onion, 1/4 tsp pepper, 1 tbs of cornstarch. Add ginger for flavor.

Helen k

Rating: 5 stars

04/05/2015

The sauce is delicious! I tweaked several things however. I cooked the chicken
separately. According to the directions that's an extremely long time to cook
chicken. It would be inedible. Best way to ruin any meal is to overcook
chicken. I left out broccoli and went with green peppers instead and added
baby corn. I didn't use cornstarch only because I like my sauce on the liquidy
side and it thickened up after sitting for a few mins. Other than that the
base recipe is delicious. Week definately use again

Pumpkin1966

Rating: 5 stars

08/15/2013

I've made this twice now and just love it. It's super easy and very flavorful.
The only thing I do different is the veggies I throw in. I like using the pre-
sliced "stir-fry" mix and then add in bean sprouts and bamboo shoots. I make a
bowl of Jasmine rice on the side and it's a perfect meal.

Mads12

Rating: 5 stars

02/09/2012

this was just the thing I was looking for to use up 2 chicken breasts...I love
doing stir-fry's because it's always something the whole family will eat.
Delish, thanks for the recipe!!

kmateo

Rating: 5 stars

03/11/2014

its delicious, made it last thursday for my husband & his boss and some
cowokers and still today they are talking about how delicious it was :) its a
most try and is easy

Stephanie Mason Dunnick

Rating: 5 stars

10/24/2013

really good!!!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

09/02/2010

it was good, I added baby corn and whole grape tomatoes since thats all I had
on hand.

hnolde

Rating: 5 stars

09/07/2018

I have made it many times. I often leave out snow peas if I don't have them on
hand. Usually just use a stir fry or Normandy mix for the veggies. If you have
mushrooms on hand definitely add them. One useful tip. The recipe is a bit too
wet for our tastes, so I leave out the half cup water - then I don't need the
starch either. Try it you'll like it.

Lisa

Rating: 4 stars

03/04/2018

Kind of blah. Needs more flavor.

jessijoy

Rating: 2 stars

11/04/2018

Insanely salty. This could have used half the amount of oyster sauce. My
husband’s hands were swollen for 3 days! I realized why when I checked the
sodium content in the oyster sauce. Holy moly.

Jim P

Rating: 5 stars

08/31/2018

Great combination of flavors. I'm in China and I invited one of my friends to
dinner. She had never had something like this, it is really American-Chinese
food, but she loved it.

Debby

Rating: 4 stars

01/28/2018

This recipe was really good, I followed it but added my own veggie favorites
along with the pea pods and broccoli, I don't like water chestnuts so I added
a small yellow squash and a small zucchini, green onions, mushrooms and fresh
ginger to taste. I will make it often since I am trying to get more fresh
vegetables into my diet...oh I also used about a Tbs of sesame oil with the
vegetable oil.

MamaRod

Rating: 5 stars

03/19/2018

I made this with a little spin. I used skinless boneless chicken thighs, added
minced ginger. It was a hit with my husband and kids.

LINDAG

Rating: 4 stars

10/15/2013

A LITTLE ON THE BLAND SIDE BUT GOOD STIRFRY RECIPE

Smaug

Rating: 5 stars

07/01/2013

Very good. I used powdered pepper, and the bit of extra spice made it really
good! This is only the third Asian dish I've ever made. I overcooked the
veggies a bit, but it was still delicious.

pattyshaw

Rating: 4 stars

12/12/2018

This is a good basic recipe that can be easily adjusted to your needs and what
you have on hand. I marinated the chicken for a couple of hours and per
another person’s recommendation, add 1 tsp of sesame oil to the oyster sauce
and soy sauce, which per yet another review, I reduced the amounts. I added
the vegetables to the meat after the chicken had cooked for a couple minutes
instead of the 10 minutes.. My veggies included broccoli, carrots, sugar snap
peas, and sliced fresh mushrooms. I didn’t add any extra water or cornstarch
as the moisture released by the mushrooms created all the sauce that I needed.
I also just stir fried until all the veggies were cooked and did not cover.

Mr. Anderson Cooks

Rating: 4 stars

04/23/2018

A good dish, but just lacked that extra kick of flavor. I don't cook much
Chinese, so I have no idea how to take it up a notch.

AngelicaMiho

Rating: 5 stars

01/20/2016

Tasted good

bob

Rating: 5 stars

12/14/2016

My first attempt at making Chinese in many years. Had to go to 2 stores to
find the oyster sauce. I don't care for broccoli or snow peas so added cut
carrots and green bell pepper to the first saute. At the end I topped with 1/4
cup dry roasted unsalted peanuts and green onions. I'll make this one again it
was super easy to prep and cook.

Rhonda O'Donovan

Rating: 5 stars

12/30/2018

Used broccoli carrots snow peas and cabbage for veggies and added ginger. It
was fast easy and yummy

Emma McFarland

Rating: 5 stars

09/08/2018

This was pretty tasty, and my fussy 6 y.o. who hates chicken gobbled it all up
so it was a winner. My broccoli was limp so I had to throw that out, but I had
baby portobellos that I added instead. A quick easy meal that the whole family
ate.

Kay Freeman

Rating: 5 stars

12/15/2015

I loved it as is, but hubby felt there was too much pepper so the next time I
made it w/half as much pepper. I like it better w/the full tsp of pepper but
it's still delish the other way. AMAZING dish that is now on my regular menu!

Michelle Taylor

Rating: 5 stars

09/16/2018

Wow! The Chinese restaurant that we usually go to will miss us because we have
no need to go back. This was perfect with Lo Mein. I cut the cornstarch in
half. It seemed a little bit much

naturelover

Rating: 5 stars

11/16/2017

Husband said this was a keeper. The only changes I made were boneless,
skinless chicken thighs, no broccoli. I did add red pepper and mushrooms. I
didn't have the breast or the broccoli. Don't be afraid of the oyster sauce,
It adds good flavor and color to the dish. If your sauce is too thick, just
add more liquid, either low sodium chicken broth or water. It was a quick and
easy dish. Thank you for the recipe.

Lori

Rating: 5 stars

06/12/2019

Excellent.. followed recipe added a little ginger but very good!

Crystal Hoskins Slusser

Rating: 5 stars

11/23/2017

This was fantastic! The only changes I made were the addition of bamboo shoots
and I didn’t have any oyster sauce on hand so I substituted by adding clam
juice to the soy sauce for marinading the chicken. This dish would also have
been delicious as a vegetarian option by omitting the chicken. We will
definitely be making this again!

geniphre

Rating: 5 stars

05/06/2015

Yum!

Tyler Cruz

Rating: 3 stars

09/26/2018

The chicken was amazingly tender, and the vegetables were cooked perfectly
(due to the steaming that arises when you cover it), but I found it a bit
fake-tasting in that it's basically just smothered in oyster sauce. I would
have rather had more real ingredients in the sauce...

Judi

Rating: 5 stars

09/08/2013

my husband and I really enjoyed this recipe. I did think it was a bit salty as
one person stated and that's using low sodium soy sauce. The oyster sauce I
used was high in sodium; maybe there's others out there with less sodium? I
added extra water and did cook the chicken less than the recipe stated also.
Ginger and the peppers sound good for next time. Thanks everyone for your
ideas....

Malkie Lipton

Rating: 5 stars

02/20/2019

Delicious and very easy. I didn't use oyster sauce , I used teriyaki instead.
And used most of the vegetables, I didn't have some. My family loved it

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

##  All Reviews for Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

Servings Per Recipe: 6  
Calories: 217.3  

% Daily Value *

protein:  17.5g  35 %

carbohydrates:  16.8g  5 %

dietary fiber:  3g  12 %

sugars:  4g

fat:  9.2g  14 %

saturated fat:  1.7g  8 %

cholesterol:  40.3mg  13 %

vitamin a iu:  406.3IU  8 %

niacin equivalents:  10.6mg  82 %

vitamin b6:  0.5mg  31 %

vitamin c:  49.2mg  82 %

folate:  43.1mcg  11 %

calcium:  46.1mg  5 %

iron:  1.7mg  9 %

magnesium:  33.6mg  12 %

potassium:  389.1mg  11 %

sodium:  500.1mg  20 %

thiamin:  0.1mg  10 %

calories from fat:  82.5

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 73

Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

1 of 14 Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

maskipaps

Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

2 of 14 Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

Chris

Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

3 of 14 Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

chad

Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

4 of 14 Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

Rhonda O'Donovan

Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

5 of 14 Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

MamaRod

Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

6 of 14 Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

Kenny Lee

Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

7 of 14 Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

ayesha

Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

8 of 14 Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

Grass Hopper Grasshopper

Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

9 of 14 Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

Kate Nash

Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

10 of 14 Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

Seattle2Sydney

Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

11 of 14 Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

MrsLSmith

Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

12 of 14 Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

special-kei

Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

13 of 14 Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

yuki9622002

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Chicken and Chinese Vegetable Stir-Fry

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

