https://www.junedarville.com/vegetables-in-oyster-sauce.html


Simple. Tasty. Good.

yummy recipes for passionate foodies

  * HOME
  * MY RECIPES
  * KITCHENAID
    * Cook Processor Recipes
    * Cook Processor Slicer & Shredder
    * Stand Mixer Mini
    * Stand Mixer Spiralizer
  * COLLABS
  * ABOUT ME
    * WHO I AM
    * TRAVEL BLOG
    * CONTACT ME
  * SEARCH

# Best Vegetables in Oyster Sauce

Crunchy stir fried vegetables in oyster sauce, this is such a popular Asian
classic side dish… And a highly addictive one too because it is so rich, sweet
and sticky. You will wish that you made much more of this stuff! You have been
warned.

Magical vegetables in oyster sauce.

If this dish was a drug, then me and the hubs would have overdosed daily on it
back when we were visiting Thailand.

Seriously.

We could easily order vegetables in oyster sauce 3 times a day, no kidding.
This dish is so good that I even had it for breakfast several times.

## Thailand

And it is so easy to make at home as well!

The trick here however is to keep the vegetables a little crunchy and I really
mean that. Soft mushy veg will make this dish just absolutely horrible.

That always reminds me of those cheap Chinese buffet restaurants in Asia where
the food is being kept warm for hours and hours on end in those metal trays.

Dried out meats, rubbery prawns, comatose and soft vegetables in oyster sauce.

Yuk.

## Fresh & Crunchy

So no kidding.

To avoid that you definitely want to add your freshly chopped veggies at the
very last moment to the pan and then leave them to kind of poach in the oyster
marinade for just a couple of minutes.

And that is really all that these vegetables in oyster sauce need to be very
honest!

You are in for a treat here.

## Best Vegetables in Oyster Sauce

I kept the vegetable mixture for this recipe very simple.

So I used broccoli florets, chopped carrots and green beans only.

But go ahead and add whatever other vegetables you are fond of! Just make sure
to be aware of what vegetable you add first, at what time and how long it
really needs to cook.

Cauliflower florets will obviously need 2 extra minutes to cook than mushrooms
or Chinese cabbage for example.

What are a couple of other vegetables that are perfect for vegetables in
oyster sauce stir fries like these?

Well then I think of green peas, sugar snaps, chopped eggplant, sliced red
onion, bok choy, kale, (sweet) potatoes, pumpkin, asparagus, fennel, baby
corn, bean sprouts…

## Vegetable Wok Mix

You name it, you can definitely add it.

Some supermarkets even sell these bags of ready to use vegetable mixes for
woks, stir fries and dishes like these vegetables in oyster sauce. And I love
them as well.

But then again, I don't like to add the whole mix in just one go because it
contains several types of veg that need different cooking times.

But it is your call.

Do you like this recipe?

Then you should also try my crunchy stir fried Thai cauliflower in fish sauce!

Enjoy!

##  Best Vegetables in Oyster Sauce Recipe

Print

Vegetables in Oyster Sauce

Prep Time

10 mins

Cook Time

10 mins

Total Time

20 mins



Crunchy stir fried vegetables in oyster sauce, an Asian classic side dish...
And a highly addictive one, I'm warning you!

Course: Side Dish

Cuisine: Chinese

Servings: 2 people

Calories per serving: 325 kcal

Ingredients

  * 10,5 oz fresh broccoli (300 g)
  * 1 medium fresh carrot
  * 2 handfuls green beans
  * 2 tsp garlic paste
  * 4 tbsp oyster sauce
  * 2 tbsp vegetable oil
  * 2 tbsp fish sauce
  * ½ cup beef stock or chicken stock (120 ml)
  * hot chili sauce

Instructions

  1. Cut the broccoli into small bite-size florets and rinse them well. Peel the carrot and slice it up finely. Trim the green beans and cut them into bite-size bits. Pour the vegetable oil in a large non-stick pan (or wok), add the garlic paste and place it over medium-high heat.

  2. As soon as the garlic paste starts to sizzle, stir well and cook for a minute. Then add the fish sauce, half of the oyster sauce and a little bit of hot chili sauce.

  3. Stir the marinade well and bake for another minute. Then pour in the chicken or beef stock.

  4. Stir again and bring the stock to a gentle boil. Then add the sliced carrot.

  5. Stir well and cook for a minute. Then add in the drained broccoli and the chopped green beans.

  6. Stir all the vegetables well now and drizzle with the oyster sauce marinade. Cook for 3 to 4 minutes. Keep the vegetables crunchy! In the end check the seasoning and add extra fish sauce, oyster sauce or hot hili sauce to taste. Take the vegetables off the heat, scoop the vegetables in a large serving dish and drizzle with the rest of the oyster sauce. Serve piping hot.



## Oyster Sauce

I hope that you enjoyed this vegetables in oyster sauce recipe!

Oyster sauce is a condiment that you probably have in your fridge or pantry
right at this very moment. It always comes in handy, especially when you want
to brighten up a simple vegetable stir fry for instance.

But have you any idea what oyster sauce is exactly?

This sticky brown and glossy sauce says it all: it is a sauce that contains
oyster juices.

And then also sugar to make it that sweet and sticky. You can also find water,
salt and corn starch in it. Some versions even contain caramel to make it
extra rich and sweet.

## Oysters?

But does oyster sauce really taste like oysters?

No, not at all.

Sure it smells a little fishy, you can definitely tell that there is seafood
in it. But 100% like oysters? No. It is the same with fish sauce for instance.
It smells a little fishy as well but it is not a pure fish flavor.

Enjoy my vegetables in oyster sauce recipe!

### _Also check out these recipes_

Label

__

__

Name*

__

Email*

____

Label

__

__

Name*

__

Email*

____

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

2 Comments

__Inline Feedbacks

View all comments

Keryl

Going to try this with chicken mixed in.. I get a stir fry veges with chicken
from my local Thai restaurant and it’s so good!! Trying to replicate it..

Reply

Show Replies (1) __

world foodie & wild traveler  
wild foodie & world traveler

Hi, I'm June and I love food! I want to share that love and my most favorite
home recipes with all of you. What I do here: I'm the recipe developer, cook,
photographer, food stylist, blogger, writer, editor, publisher...

**READ MORE ▶︎**

## MY 10 MOST POPULAR RECIPES

FREE COOKBOOK

Get this free eCookbook with my top 10 recipes.

Email

GET IT NOW

Discover my other blog:  
THE LUC & JUNE TRAVEL & FOOD BLOG

Click Here

2

0

Would love your thoughts, please comment.x

Insert

## MY 10 MOST POPULAR RECIPES

FREE COOKBOOK

Get this free eCookbook with my top 10 recipes.

Email

GET IT NOW

By June d'Arville \- Copyright © 2011-2022 junedarville.com - Privacy Policy

