https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/basic-chicken-vegetable-stir-fry/014fd009-6e08-4296-b155-f0b22fdc857a


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Basic chicken and vegetable stir-fry

  * _20m_ prep
  * _10m_ cook
  * _4_ servings 

23

Save Recipe

4,966 people saved this

150 people made this

For a healthy weeknight meal, you can rely on this basic stir-fry with crunchy
bean sprouts, tender chicken and tasty vegies.

A

Anneka Manning

436 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain gluten, wheat, tree nut, groundnut and mollusc.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 15 Ingredients 
  * 5 Method Steps 

#### 15 Ingredients

  * 2 tbsp peanut oil (see note) 

  * 3 Lilydale Free Range Chicken Breast, trimmed, cut across the grain into thin strips 

  * 1 brown onion, cut into thin wedges 

  * 1 red capsicum, deseeded, cut into thin strips 

  * 250g button mushrooms or mushroom caps, sliced 

  * 1 bunch broccolini, cut into 4cm lengths 

  * 2cm piece fresh ginger, peeled, finely grated or chopped 

  * 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped 

  * 2 fresh birdseye chillies, deseeded if desired, thinly sliced 

  * 2 tbsp salt-reduced soy sauce 

  * 1 1/2 tbsp oyster sauce 

  * 1 tbsp water 

  * 100g bean sprouts, to serve 

  * Coriander leaves, to serve 

  * Cooked white rice or noodles, to serve 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 5 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Heat wok over high heat for about 1 minute (see note). Add 1 tablespoon of the
oil and swirl it around the wok to coat the entire cooking surface and heat
for 30-60 seconds or until very hot. Add half the chicken strips  (3 Lilydale
Free Range Chicken Breast, trimmed, cut across the grain into thin strips) and
stir-fry for 1-2 minutes or until the chicken is sealed and just cooked
through (see note). Transfer the chicken to a plate and set aside. Add about
half the remaining peanut oil to the wok and repeat the process with the
remaining chicken strips.

  * Step 2

Add the remaining oil to the wok and heat over high heat until hot. Add the
onion  (1 brown onion, cut into thin wedges) and capsicum  (1 red capsicum,
deseeded, cut into thin strips) and stir-fry for 2 minutes (see note).

  * Step 3

Add the mushrooms  (250g button mushrooms or mushroom caps, sliced) and
broccolini  (1 bunch broccolini, cut into 4cm lengths) and stir-fry for a
further 2 minutes. Add the ginger  (2cm piece fresh ginger, peeled, finely
grated or chopped), garlic  (2 garlic cloves, finely chopped) and chillies  (2
fresh birdseye chillies, deseeded if desired, thinly sliced). Season with salt
and stir-fry for 1 minute or until aromatic (see note).

  * Step 4

Add the soy sauce  (2 tbsp salt-reduced soy sauce), oyster sauce  (1 1/2 tbsp
oyster sauce) and water  (1 tbsp water) and toss for about 1 minute. Return
the chicken to the wok and stir until the vegetables and chicken are coated
with the sauces and the vegetables are tender crisp.

  * Step 5

Remove the wok from the heat, toss through the bean sprouts  (100g bean
sprouts, to serve) and coriander  (Coriander leaves, to serve) and serve the
stir-fry immediately with cooked rice or noodles  (Cooked white rice or
noodles, to serve).

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

150 people made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

4,966 people saved this

### Recipe Notes

Variations:

**1) Prawn, asparagus and corn stir-fry:** Replace the chicken with 500g
medium green prawns, peeled with tails left intact and deveined. Replace the
mushrooms and broccoli with 2 bunches of asparagus, trimmed and cut into 5cm
lengths, and 230g (2 trays) fresh baby corn. Add the leaves from 1 bunch of
fresh coriander with the sprouts.

**2) Pork stir-fry with bok choy and celery:** Replace the chicken with 500g
pork mince. Leave out the capsicum and replace the mushrooms and broccoli with
1 bunch baby bok choy, leaves separated and washed, and 4 celery sticks,
diagonally sliced. Replace the oyster sauce with 1 tbs of hoi sin sauce.

**3) Lamb stir-fry with Asian greens:** Replace chicken with 500g lean lamb
steaks (Trim lamb, eye of loin, fillet, round or topside) cut across the grain
into thin strips. Add 2 medium carrots, diagonally sliced, with the onion.
Leave out the broccoli and add 1 bunch choy sum, washed and coarsely chopped,
after stir-frying the mushrooms for 1-2 minutes. Stir-fry for 2-3 minutes
before returning the lamb to the wok with the combined sauces and water. Leave
out the bean sprouts.

This recipe can also serve two.

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

##  Popular on Taste

  1. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

  2. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

  3. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

  4. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  5. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  6. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

  7. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

  8. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

