https://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/vegetable-and-chicken-stir-fry


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Recipes & Cooking
  * Drinks
  * Travel
  * Holidays + Events
  * News
  * F&W; Classic
  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Subscribe  Subscribe

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore Food & Wine

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * F&W Cooks

####  F&W; Cooks

Food and Wine presents a new network of food pros delivering the most cookable
recipes and delicious ideas online.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

####  Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

Looking to amp up your beef stew but unsure where to start? A slow cooker can
can take your comfort food to the next level.  Read More

    * 50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

####  50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

Weâ€™ve assembled a list of 50 of the worldâ€™s most reliable, inexpensive wines â€“
bottles that offer amazing quality for their price year in and year out.  Read
More

  * Recipes & Cooking

### Recipes & Cooking

See All Recipes & Cooking

    * Chicken
    * Comfort Food
    * Breakfast + Brunch
    * Salads
    * Desserts
    * Vegetables
    * Pasta + Noodles
    * Chefs
    * Meat + Poultry
    * Soup
    * Appetizers
    * Side Dishes
    * Fruits
    * Seafood
    * Special Diets
    * Cooking Techniques
    * Steal This Trick

  * Drinks

### Drinks

See All Drinks

    * Wine
    * Spirits
    * Coffee
    * Juices
    * Beer
    * Champagne + Sparkling Wine
    * Tea

  * Travel

### Travel

See All Travel

    * Wine Regions
    * Restaurants

  * Holidays + Events

### Holidays + Events

See All Holidays + Events

    * Valentine's Day
    * Halloween
    * Passover
    * Hanukkah
    * Christmas
    * Gifts
    * Super Bowl
    * Easter
    * Thanksgiving
    * New Year's Eve
    * Holiday Entertaining

  * News
  * F&W; Classic

### F&W; Classic

See All F&W; Classic

    * F&W; Classic Insider
    * Food & Wine Classic in Aspen

  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Subscribe  this link opens in a new tab

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Vegetable and Chicken Stir-Fry

# Vegetable and Chicken Stir-Fry

Rating: 5 stars

4381 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 4381 
  * 4 star values: 0 
  * 3 star values: 0 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 4,381 Ratings 
  * 1 Review 

**Chef Way** Green vegetablesâ€”broccoli, snow peas and celeryâ€”are the main
focus of this stir-fry, which Pino Maffeo tops with toasted crushed glutinous
rice. **Easy Way** Serve the vegetables on a bed of steamed jasmine rice,
forgoing the toasted rice garnish.

By Pino Maffeo

February 2007

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Vegetable and Chicken Stir-Fry

Credit: Ã‚(C) Lucy Schaeffer

## Recipe Summary

total:

30 mins

Yield:

4

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1/4 cup canola oil 
  * 1 medium onion, halved and thinly sliced 
  * 1/2 pound skinless, boneless chicken thighs, cut into thin strips 
  * 1 tablespoon Asian fish sauce 
  * 1 small head of broccoli, cut into 1-inch florets 
  * 1 celery rib, thinly sliced 
  * 4 ounces snow peas (1 1/2 cups) 
  * 1 garlic clove, thinly sliced 
  * 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger 
  * 1 teaspoon sambal oelek or Chinese chile-garlic sauce 
  * 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce 
  * 1 tablespoon oyster sauce 
  * 1 cup mung bean sprouts 
  * 2 tablespoons shredded basil leaves 
  * 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice 
  * Steamed jasmine rice, for serving 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Heat a wok until very hot. Add 2 tablespoons of the canola oil and when it is
nearly smoking, add the sliced onion and chicken strips. Stir-fry over high
heat until the chicken is lightly browned in spots but not cooked through,
about 3 minutes. Add the fish sauce and stir-fry for 10 seconds. Scrape the
chicken onto a medium plate and wipe out the wok.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil in the wok. Add the broccoli, celery,
snow peas, garlic and ginger and stir-fry over high heat until crisp-tender, 3
to 4 minutes. Return the chicken to the wok along with any accumulated juices.
Add the _sambal_ and hoisin and oyster sauces and stir-fry just until the
chicken is cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes longer. Add the bean sprouts, basil
and lime juice and toss well. Transfer to a bowl and serve right away, with
steamed jasmine rice.

##  Suggested Pairing

Crisp Vermentino from Italy.

Advertisement

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews (1)

Add Rating & Review

Sort by:  Newest

Newest Oldest

Karrie

Rating: 5 stars

07/27/2022

Iâ€™m just trying to read the reviews and it wonâ€™t let me.ðŸ˜¡

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Vegetable and Chicken Stir-Fry

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Vegetable and Chicken Stir-Fry

##  All Reviews for Vegetable and Chicken Stir-Fry

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Food & Wine

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Books from Food & Wine
  * Contact Us
  * Advertise
  * Content Licensing
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithFood & Wine is part of the Meredith Corporation Allrecipes Food Group.
(C) Copyright 2022 Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Privacy
Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in a new
tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis link
opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Food & Wine. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.foodandwine.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Vegetable and Chicken Stir-Fry

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

