https://www.wikihow.com/Use-Oyster-Sauce


  * RANDOM
  * LOG IN

### Log in

Social login does not work in incognito and private browsers. Please log in
with your username or email to continue.

Facebook

Google

wikiHow Account

No account yet? Create an account

  * EXPLORE

CoursesTech Help ProAbout UsRandom Article

QuizzesContributeTrain Your Brain GameBest of wikiHow

Popular Categories

Arts and EntertainmentArtworkBooksMovies

Computers and ElectronicsComputersPhone SkillsTechnology Hacks

HealthMen's HealthMental HealthWomen's Health

RelationshipsDatingLoveRelationship Issues

Hobbies and CraftsCraftsDrawingGames

Education & CommunicationCommunication SkillsPersonal DevelopmentStudying

Personal Care and StyleFashionHair CarePersonal Hygiene

YouthPersonal CareSchool StuffDating

All Categories

Arts and EntertainmentFinance and BusinessHome and GardenRelationship Quizzes

Cars & Other VehiclesFood and EntertainingPersonal Care and StyleSports and
Fitness

Computers and ElectronicsHealthPets and AnimalsTravel

Education & CommunicationHobbies and CraftsPhilosophy and ReligionWork World

Family LifeHolidays and TraditionsRelationshipsYouth

  * HELP US

Support wikiHow  Community Dashboard  Write an Article  Request a New Article
More Ideas...

  * EDIT

Edit this Article

  * PRO

Courses New Tech Help Pro New Expert Videos  About wikiHow Pro  Coupons
Quizzes

* * *

Upgrade  Sign In

  * Home
  * Random
  * Browse Articles
  * Quizzes
  * Courses
  * Train Your BrainNew
  * Support wikiHow
  * About wikiHow
  * Easy Ways to Help
  * Approve Questions
  * Fix Spelling
  * Quiz App
  * More Things to Try...
  * Coupons
  * H&M Coupons
  * Hotwire Promo Codes
  * StubHub Discount Codes
  * Ashley Furniture Coupons
  * Blue Nile Promo Codes
  * NordVPN Coupons
  * Samsung Promo Codes
  * Chewy Promo Codes
  * Ulta Coupons
  * Vistaprint Promo Codes
  * Shutterfly Promo Codes
  * DoorDash Promo Codes
  * Office Depot Coupons
  * adidas Promo Codes
  * Home Depot Coupons
  * DSW Coupons
  * Bed Bath and Beyond Coupons
  * Lowe's Coupons
  * Surfshark Coupons
  * Nordstrom Coupons
  * Walmart Promo Codes
  * Dick's Sporting Goods Coupons
  * Fanatics Coupons
  * Edible Arrangements Coupons
  * eBay Coupons

  * Log in / Sign up

Terms of Use

We use cookies to make wikiHow great. By using our site, you agree to our
cookie policy.Cookie Settings

Okay

âœ–

wikiHow is where trusted research and expert knowledge come together. Learn
why people **trust wikiHow**

  * Categories
  * Food and Entertaining
  * Recipes
  * World Cuisines
  * Asian Cuisine
  * Chinese Dishes

# How to Use Oyster Sauce

Download Article

Explore this Article

methods

Ingredients

1 Using Oyster Sauce in Different Dishes

2 Getting the Best Flavor Out of Oyster Sauce

3 Making an Easy Broccoli Stir Fry

Other Sections

Ask a Question

Things You'll Need

Related Articles

References

13 Recipe Ratings

**Co-authored by** wikiHow Staff

Last Updated: May 31, 2022 Tested

Download Article

X

This article was co-authored by wikiHow Staff. Our trained team of editors and
researchers validate articles for accuracy and comprehensiveness. wikiHow's
Content Management Team carefully monitors the work from our editorial staff
to ensure that each article is backed by trusted research and meets our high
quality standards.  
  
The wikiHow Video Team also followed the article's instructions and verified
that they work.  
  
This article has been viewed 41,359 times.  
  
Learn more...

Oyster sauce is a flavor-packed Asian sauce that is especially popular in
Chinese dishes such as stir fries. Get a bottle of it at an Asian market, in
the international products aisle of a supermarket, or even online. You can use
oyster sauce on its own as a dipping sauce, as an addition to soups, or as a
marinade for meats or vegetables. One of the most common ways to use oyster
sauce is as the base for a stir fry sauce. There are really no rules to using
oyster sauce, so start experimenting to find out what flavor combos you like
best!

##

Ingredients

###

Making an Easy Broccoli Stir Fry

  * 1 lb (0.45 kg) of broccoli
  * 1 US tbsp (15 mL) of chicken stock or water
  * 1/2 tsp (2.5 g) of cornstarch
  * 2 US tbsp (30 mL) of oyster sauce
  * 1.5 tsp (7.4 mL) of sesame oil
  * 2 US tbsp (30 mL) of peanut or vegetable oil
  * 4 garlic cloves, sliced
  * 1 in (2.5 cm) piece of ginger, sliced into medallions
  * 1 fresh red chili, sliced (optional)

##

Steps

###

Method 1

Method 1 of 3:

Using Oyster Sauce in Different Dishes Download Article

  1. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/3\/32\/Use-Oyster-Sauce-Step-1.jpg\/v4-460px-Use-Oyster-Sauce-Step-1.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/3\/32\/Use-Oyster-Sauce-Step-1.jpg\/aid11329594-v4-728px-Use-Oyster-Sauce-Step-1.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":259,"bigWidth":728,"bigHeight":410,"licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>\u00a9 2022 wikiHow, Inc. All rights reserved. wikiHow, Inc. is the copyright holder of this image under U.S. and international copyright laws. This image is <b>not<\/b> licensed under the Creative Commons license applied to text content and some other images posted to the wikiHow website. This image may not be used by other entities without the express written consent of wikiHow, Inc.<br>\n<\/p><p><br \/>\n<\/p><\/div>"}

1

**Use oyster sauce for dipping cooked vegetables, meats, or spring rolls.**
Fill a small dish with oyster sauce and dip whatever you want into it.
Skewered grilled meats, Chinese BBQ pork, roasted vegetables, and any type of
fried or fresh spring rolls all go well with oyster sauce.[1] X Research
source

    * You can experiment by mixing the oyster sauce with other Asian ingredients to create your own dipping sauce recipe. For example, you could mix it with sesame oil, Sriracha, soy sauce, mirin, or rice vinegar to create different flavor combinations. Start with small amounts of everything and taste as you go until you find a combo you like.

**Tip** : Keep in mind that oyster sauce typically goes best with other
Chinese or Asian-style foods, but feel free to experiment with anything you
like to find different combinations of ingredients that taste good to you!

  2. 2

**Add oyster sauce to soups for extra flavor.** Stir a spoonful of oyster
sauce into any soup that is lacking flavor to instantly add some "umami." Any
kind of chicken soup, noodle soup, or even instant ramen tastes good with a
bit of oyster sauce added to it.[2] X Research source

    * Umami is a Japanese word that is used to describe a savory flavor. This is what oyster sauce is most known for adding to any dish.

Advertisement

  3. 3

**Marinate meat** **or vegetables in oyster sauce before cooking them.** Put
raw meat or vegetables into a dish. Pour oyster sauce in on top and stir the
meat or vegetables around with a spoon until all the pieces are coated with
the sauce. Marinate the ingredients in the fridge for 30 minutes or as long as
your recipe calls for.[3] X Research source

    * Feel free to add other ingredients to the marinade to create more complex flavors. For instance, you could mix it in a 1 to 1 ratio with soy sauce to make it saltier or put in a spoonful or two of chili paste to kick up the spice a notch.
    * When marinating meat, a good rule of thumb is 1/2 a cup (118 mL) of marinade for every 1 lb (0.45 kg) of meat.
    * You can also use oyster sauce to braise meats as you cook them. Brush any meat with oyster sauce as it cooks on a grill or in an oven to glaze it. You can both marinate meat in oyster sauce and glaze it while it cooks, but make sure not to use the same sauce you marinated the meat in to glaze it with or you can transfer bacteria to the meat.

  4. 4

**Use oyster sauce to make an Asian-style salad dressing.** Combine oyster
sauce with other ingredients like soy sauce, vinegar, oil, and garlic to make
a flavorful Asian-style salad dressing. Try using 1/2 a cup (118 mL) of olive
oil, 1 US tbsp (15 mL) of oyster sauce, and 1 US tbsp (15 mL) of soy sauce to
start, then experiment with adding other ingredients and taste-test it until
you find a combination that you like.[4] X Research source

    * Oyster sauce on its own is too thick and too savory for a salad dressing, but if you thin it out by mixing it with things like soy sauce and sesame oil or peanut oil, it works better.

  5. 5

**Toss fried noodles in oyster sauce to finish them.** Oyster sauce is a good
finishing sauce for any kind of Asian-style fried noodle dish. Try tossing
things like rice noodles or chow mein noodles in 1-2 spoonfuls of oyster sauce
alone or combined with other ingredients.[5] X Research source

    * You could do the same with fried rice instead of fried noodles.

  6. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/8\/88\/Use-Oyster-Sauce-Step-6.jpg\/v4-460px-Use-Oyster-Sauce-Step-6.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/8\/88\/Use-Oyster-Sauce-Step-6.jpg\/aid11329594-v4-728px-Use-Oyster-Sauce-Step-6.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":259,"bigWidth":728,"bigHeight":410,"licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>\u00a9 2022 wikiHow, Inc. All rights reserved. wikiHow, Inc. is the copyright holder of this image under U.S. and international copyright laws. This image is <b>not<\/b> licensed under the Creative Commons license applied to text content and some other images posted to the wikiHow website. This image may not be used by other entities without the express written consent of wikiHow, Inc.<br>\n<\/p><p><br \/>\n<\/p><\/div>"}

6

Make Chinese-style broccoli beef **for a typical dish.** Oyster sauce is one
of the main ingredients in the sauce for broccoli beef, which is a popular
Chinese-style stir fry dish that is common in many Chinese-American
restaurants. Combine it with beef broth, cornstarch, ginger, soy sauce,
sherry, and brown sugar to make the stir fry sauce.[6] X Research source

    * You can leave out the beef or replace it with another vegetable, such as snap peas, to make a vegetarian broccoli stir fry. Try replacing it with a different protein such as tofu, chicken, or shrimp. Oyster sauce goes well with all of these options.

Advertisement

##  Did you make this recipe?

Leave a review

###

Method 2

Method 2 of 3:

Getting the Best Flavor Out of Oyster Sauce Download Article

  1. 1

**Add oyster sauce at the end of cooking to avoid losing its flavor.** Oyster
sauce will start to lose its umami flavor if you cook it for too long. Add it
right at the end of cooking things like stir fries and soups to get the most
flavor out of it.[7] X Research source

    * This doesn't apply to things like marinated meats that will be cooked with the sauce already on them. However, you can glaze the meat with more oyster sauce right before it is done cooking to give it an extra blast of flavor.

**Tip** : Oyster sauce will also lose its flavor faster and develop bitterness
if it is cooked over extremely-high heat.

  2. 2

**Avoid adding lots of salt to dishes if you are using oyster sauce.** Oyster
sauce is already very salty, so you usually don't need extra salt. Taste any
dishes you use oyster sauce in and only add salt if you feel like you still
need it.[8] X Research source

    * If you are combining oyster sauce with soy sauce, then use low-sodium soy sauce to cut down on the saltiness and sodium content of the dish you are making.

  3. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/1\/11\/Use-Oyster-Sauce-Step-9.jpg\/v4-460px-Use-Oyster-Sauce-Step-9.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/1\/11\/Use-Oyster-Sauce-Step-9.jpg\/aid11329594-v4-728px-Use-Oyster-Sauce-Step-9.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":236,"bigWidth":728,"bigHeight":374,"licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>\u00a9 2022 wikiHow, Inc. All rights reserved. wikiHow, Inc. is the copyright holder of this image under U.S. and international copyright laws. This image is <b>not<\/b> licensed under the Creative Commons license applied to text content and some other images posted to the wikiHow website. This image may not be used by other entities without the express written consent of wikiHow, Inc.<br>\n<\/p><p><br \/>\n<\/p><\/div>"}

3

**Use mushroom oyster sauce for a vegetarian alternative.** Mushroom oyster
sauce is available from some makers of oyster sauce. It contains mushrooms
instead of oysters, so it is vegetarian or is a good alternative for people
who don't eat seafood.[9] X Research source

    * If you can't find mushroom oyster sauce at a supermarket or Asian market, it is readily available online.

  4. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/d\/d6\/Use-Oyster-Sauce-Step-10.jpg\/v4-460px-Use-Oyster-Sauce-Step-10.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/d\/d6\/Use-Oyster-Sauce-Step-10.jpg\/aid11329594-v4-728px-Use-Oyster-Sauce-Step-10.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":259,"bigWidth":728,"bigHeight":410,"licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>\u00a9 2022 wikiHow, Inc. All rights reserved. wikiHow, Inc. is the copyright holder of this image under U.S. and international copyright laws. This image is <b>not<\/b> licensed under the Creative Commons license applied to text content and some other images posted to the wikiHow website. This image may not be used by other entities without the express written consent of wikiHow, Inc.<br>\n<\/p><p><br \/>\n<\/p><\/div>"}

4

**Store opened oyster sauce in the fridge for up to 6 months to preserve it.**
Oyster sauce needs to be refrigerated after opening to keep it from going bad.
The bottle will have a "best by" date, but typically, oyster sauce stays good
for about 6 months after you open it.[10] X Research source

    * You can keep oyster sauce at room temperature if it is unopened. If it is past it's best by date, but hasn't been open for 6 months, you can keep using it unless you notice it starts to go bad.
    * If you notice your oyster sauce starts to lose its color and aroma, then it is likely past its prime and you should replace it.

Advertisement

##  Did you make this recipe?

Leave a review

###

Method 3

Method 3 of 3:

Making an Easy Broccoli Stir Fry Download Article

  1. 1

**Separate the florets from the main stem of a head of broccoli.** Remove the
florets from an approximately 1 lb (0.45 kg) head of broccoli by pulling or
cutting them off. Pull the individual clusters of florets apart and slice
larger florets in half lengthwise so they are all approximately the same size,
or about 1 in (2.5 cm) pieces.[11] X Research source

    * If the pieces are too different in size, then the broccoli will cook at different rates and you will end up with some pieces that are over or undercooked.

**Tip** : This recipe is for a basic broccoli stir fry to which you can add
other ingredients, such as different vegetables or meats, to make a customized
stir fry. Try to keep the ratio of sauce to ingredients the same. For example,
you can substitute half the broccoli with slices of beef to make a broccoli-
beef stir fry. Note that some ingredients might cook faster or slower than the
broccoli.

  2. 2

**Stir together chicken stock or water, cornstarch, oyster sauce, and sesame
oil.** Put 1 US tbsp (15 mL) of chicken stock or water in a small bowl and
stir in 1/2 tsp (2.5 g) of cornstarch until it dissolves. Add 2 US tbsp (30
mL) of oyster sauce and 1.5 tsp (7.4 mL) of sesame oil and stir everything
together with a spoon until it is evenly mixed.[12] X Research source

    * This will be your stir fry sauce. Most of the flavor comes from the oyster sauce, and the cornstarch helps to thicken the sauce so it coats the broccoli well.

  3. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/1\/11\/Use-Oyster-Sauce-Step-13.jpg\/v4-460px-Use-Oyster-Sauce-Step-13.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/1\/11\/Use-Oyster-Sauce-Step-13.jpg\/aid11329594-v4-728px-Use-Oyster-Sauce-Step-13.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":259,"bigWidth":728,"bigHeight":410,"licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>\u00a9 2022 wikiHow, Inc. All rights reserved. wikiHow, Inc. is the copyright holder of this image under U.S. and international copyright laws. This image is <b>not<\/b> licensed under the Creative Commons license applied to text content and some other images posted to the wikiHow website. This image may not be used by other entities without the express written consent of wikiHow, Inc.<br>\n<\/p><p><br \/>\n<\/p><\/div>"}

3

**Heat up a large wok or skillet with high sides over high heat.** Place the
wok or skillet on a burner and turn the heat up as high as it goes. Allow it
to heat up for about 2-3 minutes.[13] X Research source

    * A wok works best with a gas burner, as the flames will heat up the sides better than an electric burner.
    * If you are using an electric burner, then you might need to let the wok or skillet heat up for up to 5 minutes, depending on how quickly the burner heats up.

  4. 4

**Coat the wok or skillet with peanut or vegetable oil once it is hot.** Put 2
US tbsp (30 mL) of peanut or vegetable oil into the wok or skillet. Grab it by
the handle and tilt it around in all directions to coat the entire bottom and
sides.[14] X Research source

    * Peanut oil is the most traditional oil to use for stir frying, but vegetable oil works just as well. Use any oil with a high smoking point that you can find or that you already have on hand.

  5. 5

**Fry garlic, ginger, and chili if you are using it, for about 15 seconds.**
Put in 4 sliced garlic cloves, a 1 in (2.5 cm) piece of ginger that is peeled
and sliced into coin-like medallions, and 1 sliced fresh red chili if you want
to make the stir fry spicy. Stir fry everything for 15 seconds and be careful
not to let the garlic burn.[15] X Research source

    * You can also substitute dried red chili flakes for the fresh chili if you want. Start with about 1/2 tsp (1.5 g) of dried chili flakes and add more if you want to make it spicier.
    * If the garlic starts to burn, turn down the heat or remove the wok or skillet from the burner until you add the broccoli.

  6. 6

**Put in the broccoli and stir fry everything for about 3 more minutes.** Add
the broccoli pieces and mix everything together with a wooden spoon or other
utensil. Keep moving the broccoli around to cook it evenly for approximately 3
minutes.[16] X Research source

    * If the broccoli starts to look dry as you fry it, then add 1â€“2 US tbsp (15â€“30 mL) of water to the wok or skillet to provide some moisture.

  7. 7

**Pour in the sauce and mix everything together for about 30 seconds.** Pour
the stir fry sauce in on top of the other ingredients. Mix everything together
with your wooden spoon or utensil to coat the broccoli evenly with the
sauce.[17] X Research source

    * When the sauce looks like it has thickened a bit, then the stir fry is done. This usually only takes about 30 seconds.
    * Even though you're cooking the sauce over high heat, since it's a very short amount of time it won't become bitter or lose flavor.

  8. {"smallUrl":"https:\/\/www.wikihow.com\/images\/thumb\/e\/e7\/Use-Oyster-Sauce-Step-18.jpg\/v4-460px-Use-Oyster-Sauce-Step-18.jpg","bigUrl":"\/images\/thumb\/e\/e7\/Use-Oyster-Sauce-Step-18.jpg\/aid11329594-v4-728px-Use-Oyster-Sauce-Step-18.jpg","smallWidth":460,"smallHeight":259,"bigWidth":728,"bigHeight":410,"licensing":"<div class=\"mw-parser-output\"><p>\u00a9 2022 wikiHow, Inc. All rights reserved. wikiHow, Inc. is the copyright holder of this image under U.S. and international copyright laws. This image is <b>not<\/b> licensed under the Creative Commons license applied to text content and some other images posted to the wikiHow website. This image may not be used by other entities without the express written consent of wikiHow, Inc.<br>\n<\/p><p><br \/>\n<\/p><\/div>"}

8

**Transfer the stir-fried broccoli to a serving dish.** Turn off the burner
and remove the wok or skillet from it. Carefully use your wooden spoon or
utensil to scoop the broccoli out and transfer it to a serving platter or
bowl. Serve it while it is still hot for the best flavor.[18] X Research
source

    * Make sure to scrape out any sauce left at the bottom of the wok or skillet and drizzle it on top of the broccoli so you don't leave behind any of the tasty oyster sauce flavor!

Advertisement

##  Did you make this recipe?

Leave a review

##

Community Q&A

Search

Add New Question

Ask a Question

200 characters left

Include your email address to get a message when this question is answered.

Submit

Advertisement

##

Tips

Submit a Tip

All tip submissions are carefully reviewed before being published

Submit

Thanks for submitting a tip for review!

##

Things You'll Need

###

Making an Easy Broccoli Stir Fry

  * Knife
  * Cutting board
  * Wok or skillet with high sides
  * Stove
  * Wooden spoon or other utensil
  * Small bowl
  * Spoon

## You Might Also Like

How to

Cook Goat Meat

How to

Make Rice Paper

How to

Eat Pho

How to

Make Soy Sauce

How to

Cook Taro Root

How to

Cook Enoki Mushrooms

How to

Cook Mung Beans

How to

Cook Bamboo Shoots

How to

Make Yippee Noodles

How to

Open a Durian

How to

Fold a Spring Roll

How to

Use Soy Sauce

How to

Cook Jellyfish

How to

Cook Siomai

Advertisement

##

References

  1. â†‘ https://asianinspirations.com.au/food-knowledge/how-to-use-oyster-sauce/
  2. â†‘ https://www.bonappetit.com/story/what-is-oyster-sauce-substitute
  3. â†‘ https://www.bonappetit.com/story/what-is-oyster-sauce-substitute
  4. â†‘ https://omnivorescookbook.com/pantry/oyster-sauce
  5. â†‘ https://omnivorescookbook.com/pantry/oyster-sauce
  6. â†‘ https://omnivorescookbook.com/pantry/oyster-sauce
  7. â†‘ https://omnivorescookbook.com/pantry/oyster-sauce
  8. â†‘ https://omnivorescookbook.com/pantry/oyster-sauce
  9. â†‘ https://omnivorescookbook.com/pantry/oyster-sauce

More References (9)

  10. â†‘ https://omnivorescookbook.com/pantry/oyster-sauce
  11. â†‘ https://www.finecooking.com/recipe/stir-fried-broccoli-with-oyster-sauce
  12. â†‘ https://www.finecooking.com/recipe/stir-fried-broccoli-with-oyster-sauce
  13. â†‘ https://www.finecooking.com/recipe/stir-fried-broccoli-with-oyster-sauce
  14. â†‘ https://www.finecooking.com/recipe/stir-fried-broccoli-with-oyster-sauce
  15. â†‘ https://www.finecooking.com/recipe/stir-fried-broccoli-with-oyster-sauce
  16. â†‘ https://www.finecooking.com/recipe/stir-fried-broccoli-with-oyster-sauce
  17. â†‘ https://www.finecooking.com/recipe/stir-fried-broccoli-with-oyster-sauce
  18. â†‘ https://www.finecooking.com/recipe/stir-fried-broccoli-with-oyster-sauce

## About This Article

Co-authored by:

wikiHow Staff

wikiHow Staff Writer

This article was co-authored by wikiHow Staff. Our trained team of editors and
researchers validate articles for accuracy and comprehensiveness. wikiHow's
Content Management Team carefully monitors the work from our editorial staff
to ensure that each article is backed by trusted research and meets our high
quality standards. This article has been viewed 41,359 times.

13 votes - 92%

Co-authors: 4

Updated: May 31, 2022

Views: 41,359

Categories: Asian Cuisine | Chinese Dishes

In other languages

EspaÃ±ol:usar la salsa de ostras

  * Print
  * Send fan mail to authors

Thanks to all authors for creating a page that has been read 41,359 times.

## Did this article help you?

Yes No

Advertisement

Cookies make wikiHow better. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our
cookie policy.

Co-authored by:

wikiHow Staff

wikiHow Staff Writer

Co-authors: 4

Updated: May 31, 2022

Views: 41,359

92% of voters found this recipe **helpful**.

13 votes - 92%

Click a star to add your vote

% of people told us that this article helped them.

Did you try it? Leave a review!

### You Might Also Like

How to

Cook Goat Meat

How to

Make Rice Paper

How to

Eat Pho

How to

Make Soy Sauce

### Featured Articles

How to

Write a Story Character with a Mental Disorder

How to

Appeal a Discord Ban

How to

Relive the 2010s

How to

Enjoy Elementary School

How to

Make a Balance Scale for Kids

How to

Pack a Moving Truck

### Trending Articles

Why Can't I Sleep?

What is Shadowbanning on TikTok and How to Get Unshadowbanned

How to

Include a Rest Day in Your Exercise Routine

How to

Know if You Like Someone or if You're Just Lonely

13 Ways to Make Tea Taste Sweeter & Better

How to

Buy Discontinued Products

### Featured Articles

How to

Retain Knowledge

How to

Check Your Oil

How to

Work up to the Splits

How to Sew a Fabric Pouch: An Easy Guide for Beginners

How to

Make Cheese

How to

Sell Your Hair

### New Pages

How to

Make Handcuffs Out of a Belt

How to

Manage a Lazy Husband

How to Foil a Burglar

How to Find Equilibrium Quantity

3 Ways to Screenshot an Entire Webpage

Easy Ways to Add Chapters to YouTube Videos

### Featured Articles

How to

Be Efficient

How to

Brush Your Teeth With Braces On

How to

Pack a Suit Into a Suitcase

How to

Make Nigerian Style Jollof Rice

How to

Shave With an Electric Shaver

How to

Meet Someone Without Online Dating

### Watch Articles

How to

Make Your Own Fruit Lip Balm

How to

Fold a Tortilla

How to

Soften Cuticles

How to

Clean Makeup Sponges

How to

Iron a Dress Shirt

How to

Use a Foam Roller

### Trending Articles

How to

Take a Good Picture On Your Camera Phone

How to

Reuse Candle Jars

How to

Make Friends With an Extremely Shy Person

How to

Make Iced Coffee

How to

Keep Your Phone Cool in the Car

How to

Enjoy a Lake House Vacation

  

  

  * Categories
  * Food and Entertaining
  * Recipes
  * World Cuisines
  * Asian Cuisine
  * Chinese Dishes

wikiHow Newsletter

You're all set!

Helpful how-tos delivered to  
your inbox every week!

Sign me up!

By signing up you are agreeing to receive emails according to our privacy
policy.

  * Home
  * About wikiHow
  * Experts
  * Jobs
  * Contact Us
  * Site Map
  * Terms of Use
  * Privacy Policy
  * Do Not Sell My Info
  * Not Selling Info
  * Contribute

Follow Us

Ã—

Get all the best how-tos!

Sign up for wikiHow's weekly email newsletter

Subscribe

You're all set!

X

####

771

