https://www.foodelicacy.com/braised-chicken-in-oyster-sauce/


â†‘

Search...

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * By Course
    * Mains and Sides
    * Breakfasts
    * Desserts
    * Soups
    * Breads & Buns
    * Jams & Sauces
  * By Method
    * Bake & Grill Recipes
    * Braise Recipes
    * Stir-Fry Recipes
    * Deep-Fry Recipes
    * Steam Recipes
    * One-Pot Meal Recipes
  * By Ingredient
    * Meat Recipes
    * Vegetable Recipes
    * Egg & Tofu Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Rice, Pasta & Noodle Recipes
  * By Cuisine
    * Asian Recipes
    * Chinese Recipes
    * Western Recipes
  * About
  * Contact

  *   *   *   *   * 

  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

**Subscribe:** Get foodelicious recipes in your inbox!

Foodelicacy

All Things Sweet & Savoury

  * Home
  * About
  * Browse Collection
    * Dessert Recipes
      * Cake Recipes
      * Cookie Recipes
      * Brownie & Bar Recipes
      * Muffin Recipes
      * Pastry Recipes
    * Bread & Bun Recipes
    * Jam & Sauce Recipes
    * Meat Recipes
      * Pork Recipes
      * Chicken Recipes
      * Beef Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Egg & Tofu Recipes
    * Vegetable Recipes
    * Rice, Pasta & Noodle Recipes
    * One-Pot Meal Recipes
    * Soup Recipes
  * Recipe Index
    *     *     *     *     * 

Trending: Cake Recipes

Search...

  * All Recipes
  * By Course
    * Mains and Sides
    * Breakfasts
    * Desserts
    * Soups
    * Breads & Buns
    * Jams & Sauces
  * By Method
    * Bake & Grill Recipes
    * Braise Recipes
    * Stir-Fry Recipes
    * Deep-Fry Recipes
    * Steam Recipes
    * One-Pot Meal Recipes
  * By Ingredient
    * Meat Recipes
    * Vegetable Recipes
    * Egg & Tofu Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Rice, Pasta & Noodle Recipes
  * By Cuisine
    * Asian Recipes
    * Chinese Recipes
    * Western Recipes
  * Holiday & Festive

Home / Meat Recipes / Chicken Recipes / Braised Chicken in Oyster Sauce

# Braised Chicken in Oyster Sauce

**By:** Celia  |   **Published:** Dec 16, 2016  |   **Updated:** Jun 25, 2022
|  17 Comments | View our disclosure policy

Jump to Recipe

Pin Recipe

__

__

__

_An easy home-cooked meal of **braised chicken in oyster sauce** is the
ultimate Chinese comfort food. This one-pot chicken dish is saucy, aromatic
and fragrant, and best eaten with plain steamed rice._

* * *

When I was old enough, my mom decided I could be trusted to handle a hot fire
and taught me how to cook our favourite family dish, oyster sauce chicken.

Mom never had recipes to follow, she eye-balled  _everything_  and her cooking
was intuitive, even instinctive. As challenging as it was, I discovered very
quickly that I could cook almost  _ **anything  **_with oyster sauce.

Throw it into any meat, vegetable, rice or noodle stir-fry, and I was able to
put a decent dish on the dinner table. Not bad for a 10-yr old in those days.

Over the years, my version of the classic oyster sauce chicken dish has
evolved with elevated flavours and is as delicious, wholesome and hearty. And
it's a quick 30 - 45 minute braise over the stove -  perfect for an easy
weekday or weekend one-pot meal.

This is one dish you won't find on a Chinese restaurant menu these days, so
it's more often savoured as a home-cooked dish.

I recommend cooking this dish with chicken wings, thighs and legs. These are
the best parts because the texture after braising is deliciously smooth and
extremely tender.

Table of Contents

  * What is oyster sauce?
  * Ingredients to cook oyster sauce chicken
  * How to cook oyster sauce chicken: Step by step
  * Dishes that go well with oyster sauce chicken
  * How to turn oyster sauce chicken into a dish of your own
    * Add textural ingredients 
    * Introduce aromatic ingredients
    * Play with seasonings, oils and sauces
    * Flavour with bean pastes 
    * Use different cuts of chicken 
    * Keep the skin on
  * Braised Chicken in Oyster Sauce

## What is oyster sauce?

Oyster sauce is indelibly associated with sauces and gravies for meats and
stir-fries. It is indispensable in Asian cooking and particularly in Chinese
cuisine.

Oyster sauce is a dark brown, viscous, deep and intensely flavourful
condiment.

It is made from sugar, salt, water, and the caramelised juices of slow-
simmered oysters or oyster extracts and thickened with starch.

Every Chinese kitchen will have oyster sauce perpetually stocked, alongside
light and dark soy sauces. I like to think of these as the essential trio of
Asian sauces.

## Ingredients to cook oyster sauce chicken

  * **chicken.** You can cook with a whole chicken cut into 12 - 14 bite-sized parts, or with one type of chicken parts like thighs, wings or drumsticks.
  *  **oyster sauce**. Use regular or less sodium oyster flavoured sauce. Oyster sauce has a strong and pronounced flavour, so it's usually added in a small amount. Start with less and add more if desired.
  *  **light soy sauce.** As with oyster sauce, you can opt to use regular or sodium-reduced light soy sauce.
  *  **thick soy sauce.** This is a sweeter dark soy sauce with a thick, sticky viscosity and has a different flavour from dark soy sauce. It may be labelled as sweet soy sauce. If you can't get this where you are, it's perfectly okay to use dark soy sauce and add a bit more sugar to balance the saltiness.
  *  **sesame oil.** Adds a nutty, smoky flavour and fragrance to the overall dish. You can use peanut oil or groundnut oil in its place.
  *  **Chinese wine.** I use Shao Hsing Hua Tiao Chiew, a brand of premium quality Chinese cooking wine. A good substitute for Chinese wine would be sherry or other rice wine. 
  * **aromatics.** These include ginger, garlic, and spring onion.
  *  **pepper.** I use ground white pepper, the usual choice in a lot of Chinese dishes.
  *  **chicken seasoning powder.**
  *  **dried scallops.** Dried scallops impart mildly sweet and umami flavours to a dish, without the fishy or pungent aroma and flavour of dried shrimp or dried oysters. Their prices vary with their size, quality and origin. Do not use fresh scallops.

#### What is braising?

Braising is a style or way of cooking that favours slow and gentle heating
over low, controlled heat in a braising liquid or sauce bath.

**It 's a slow cooking process** that can be as short as 30 minutes or as long
as several hours. The end goal of braising is to get food **tender and
flavourful.**  
  
In Chinese cooking, braising meat, seafood and tough fibrous vegetables
involve gentle simmering in a flavourful mix of sauces, spices and liquids
like stock or water.  
  
Before braising, meats are usually seasoned lightly and given time to absorb
the seasonings. Sometimes, a quick deep-fry or stir-fry is essential to seal
in the flavour and juices before braising.

## How to cook oyster sauce chicken: Step by step

  1. **Marinate the chicken.** Chop each chicken leg into 3 or 4 chunks (if cooking with a whole chicken, chop into 12 - 14 smaller chunks). Season with light soy sauce and pepper and set aside for 30 minutes.
  2.  **Slice the aromatics.** Peel and slice ginger knob and garlic cloves. Cut the white part of spring onions into 1-inch lengths. Finely chop the green part for garnishing. 
  3. **Soak the dried scallops**. Soak the dried scallops in warm water until softened, about 10 minutes. Remove from the water, but reserve the soaking water. Shred the scallops finely with your fingers.
  4.  **Combine the sauce ingredients.** In a bowl, combine the oyster sauce, light soy sauce, thick soy sauce, chicken seasoning powder, water, sugar and salt.
  5.  **Fry the aromatics and dried scallops.** Heat up the sesame oil in a wok until hot. Stir fry the ginger, garlic and white sections of the spring onion until fragrant. Toss in the shredded scallops and fry for 1 to 2 minutes. 
  6. **Brown the chicken.** Add the chicken chunks and toss until the meat changes colour. Drizzle in the Chinese wine and fry briskly until well combined.
  7.  **Add liquids.** Transfer to an earthen clay pot (optional) or continue cooking in the wok. Pour in the combined sauce ingredients and the reserved soaking water. Bring to a boil. 
  8. **Braise until tender.** Once the liquid comes to a boil, cover the wok or pot with its lid and reduce to low heat. Braise until chicken is tender, about 30 minutes or longer depending on how tender you want the meat to be. If the liquid reduces too quickly while braising, add a bit more water (3 - 4 tbsps) as often as needed.
  9.  **Garnish and serve.** Dish out onto a serving plate, garnish with chopped spring onion and serve piping hot.

## Dishes that go well with oyster sauce chicken

Oyster sauce chicken is such a delish meal unto itself so in our home, we eat
it with nothing else save freshly cooked rice or rice noodles. Everything from
the meat to the sauce and even the oils are simply umami!

To make this a complete Chinese meal for a family of 4 - 6, I recommend
serving up oyster sauce chicken with Asian veggie stir-fries and other sides:

  * stir-fried nai bai with garlic
  * stir-fried eggs and tomatoes
  * steamed minced pork with water chestnut
  * Chinese water chestnut soup

## How to turn oyster sauce chicken into a dish of your own

This braised chicken in oyster sauce is a very versatile dish. If you're
feeling adventurous, you can enhance and elevate the flavours in a few ways.
Here are some ideas:

### **Add textural ingredients**

Braise the chicken with **dried Chinese mushrooms** , **potatoes** , **braised
peanuts** or **chestnuts** to add flavour and texture. I use **dried
scallops** for added sweetness and umami flavour.

### **Introduce aromatic ingredients**

Commonly used are _**ginger**_ , _**garlic**_ , _**galangal**_ (blue ginger),
_**spring onion**_ , and _**spices**_ such as cinnamon bark, cloves, star
anise, ground spices and peppercorns.

### **Play with seasonings, oils and sauces**

Oyster sauce pairs well with many Asian as well as Western sauces and
seasonings, namely _light soy sauce_ , _dark soy sauce_ , _Worchestershire
sauce_ , and _HP sauce._ It is quite salted on its own, so bear this in mind
when you combine different sauces. You can also use nut-flavoured oils like
_sesame oil_ , _peanut oil_ or _groundnut oil_ to create flavourful nuances.

### **Flavour with bean pastes**

Popular bean pastes that are used widely in Asian cooking include _soybean_ ,
_black bean_ , or _fermented red bean_.

### **Use different cuts of chicken**

For a tender eating experience, the favoured cuts of chicken are the wings and
legs. These are preferred in Chinese braising because of their smooth texture.

### **Keep the skin on**

The skin not only releases its flavourful oils into the sauce but also soaks
up all the umami flavours of other ingredients.

#### Braised Chicken in Oyster Sauce

Save For Later _Click the button to save for later!_

The delicious aroma and flavours of this oyster sauce chicken are irresistible
and promise tender textured juicy meat.

Hardly any fancy garnishing is required. In fact, less is more and Chinese-
style garnishing is simple, understated and takes nothing away from the main
dish. A sprinkling of chopped spring onions, coriander leaves or parsley will
suffice.

#### Here are more braised dishes you might like:

  * Braised Chicken with Mushrooms and Chinese Sausages
  * Three Cup Chicken - Cooking Taiwanese Made Simple!
  * Chinese-Style Tender Braised Chicken with Potatoes {New & Improved Recipe!}
  * Kapitan Soy Sauce Chicken
  * Soy Sauce Chicken

#### Tried this recipe? I'd love to see it! Share your pics on Instagram and
tag @foodelicacy or #foodelicacy.

## Braised Chicken in Oyster Sauce

By Celia Lim

An easy, saucy, savoury Chinese dish of braised chicken in oyster sauce,
prepared with chicken wings and legs, and cooked until juicy and tender when
braised. (Adapted from 'The Best of Chinese Cooking' by Betty Yew)

4.64 from 22 votes

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 15 mins

Cook Time 45 mins

Total Time 1 hr

Course Chicken Recipes

Cuisine Asian

Servings 6 servings

Calories 207

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * â–¢ 3 chicken legs
  * â–¢ Â½ tbsp light soy sauce
  * â–¢ Â½ tsp pepper
  * â–¢ 1 thumb-length ginger knob
  * â–¢ 3 garlic cloves
  * â–¢ 3 stalks spring onion
  * â–¢ 3 dried scallops
  * â–¢ 2 tbsp sesame oil
  * â–¢ Â½ tbsp Chinese wine

#### For the Sauce:

  * â–¢ 1 Â½ cups water
  * â–¢ 1 tsp chicken seasoning powder
  * â–¢ Â½ tbsp oyster sauce
  * â–¢ 2 tsp light soy sauce
  * â–¢ Â½ tsp thick dark soy sauce
  * â–¢ 2 tsp sugar
  * â–¢ pinch salt

#### For Thickening:

  * â–¢ 1 - 2 tsp corn flour mixed in 1 tbsp water

### Instructions



  * Chop each chicken leg into 3 or 4 chunks. Season with light soy sauce and pepper. Set aside for 30 minutes.

  * Meanwhile, peel and slice ginger knob and garlic cloves. Cut the white part of spring onions into 1-inch lengths. Finely chop the green part for garnishing. Soak the dried scallops in warm water until softened, about 10 minutes. Drain, but reserve the soaking water. Shred the scallops finely.

  * Combine the sauce ingredients.

  * Heat up a wok over high heat with sesame oil until hot. Stir fry the ginger, garlic and spring onion (white sections) until fragrant. Add shredded scallops, and stir fry for 1 to 2 minutes. Put in the chicken chunks and toss until they change colour. Drizzle in the Chinese wine and stir fry briskly until well combined.

  * Transfer to an earthen clay pot (optional) or continue cooking in the wok. Pour in the combined sauce ingredients and the reserved soaking water. Bring to a boil. Once boiling, cover the wok or pot with its lid, reduce to low heat, and let braise until chicken is tender, about 30 minutes or longer, depending on your desired tenderness.

  * When almost done, taste the sauce. If a more intense flavour is desired, leave the pot uncovered and allow sauce to reduce. As the water evaporates, the saltiness or sweetness of the sauce will also be intensified, so adjust to your taste by adding more salt or more sugar. Thicken the sauce with cornflour mixture to your desired consistency.

  * Garnish liberally with chopped spring onions and serve immediately.

### Nutrition

Serving: 1servingCalories: 207kcalCarbohydrates: 5gProtein: 12gFat:
15gSaturated Fat: 4gTrans Fat: 1gCholesterol: 62mgSodium: 418mgPotassium:
186mgFiber: 1gSugar: 2gVitamin A: 120IUVitamin C: 2mgCalcium: 18mgIron: 1mg

Keyword chicken oyster sauce recipe, chicken recipe with oyster sauce, chicken
with oyster sauce easy recipe, chinese oyster sauce chicken recipe, oyster
sauce chicken stir fry, oyster sauce recipes

Did you make this recipe? I'd love to see!Don't forget to mention @foodelicacy
or tag #foodelicacy!

__

__

__

All Recipes Asian Recipes Braise Recipes Chicken Recipes Chinese Recipes Mains
and Sides Meat Recipes Savoury Stir-Fry Recipesasian braised chicken chinese
dinner lunch meat sauce spice

## Primary Sidebar

####  I'm Celia!

I'm the gal behind this small space that I think is my little piece of heaven
on earth. When I'm not outdoors doing my favourite activity - hiking - I'm in
my kitchen, cooking! Here are my easy, everyday, Asian recipes and quick,
sweet bakes anyone can create.

More About Me

#####  Subscribe For Recipes

All the latest recipes straight to your inbox!

Subscribe

Loading...

#### Thank you!

You have successfully joined our subscriber list.

### Latest Recipes

#### Chocolate Bundt Cake with Chocolate Glaze

#### Lemon Blueberry Bundt Cake with Lemon Glaze

#### Orange Pound Cake with Orange Cream Cheese Glaze

#### Banana Honey Cake

#### The Best Raspberry Crumble Muffins

#### Best Soft and Chewy Chocolate Chip Cookies

## Footer

#####  Subscribe For Recipes

All the latest recipes straight to your inbox!

Subscribe

Loading...

#### Thank you!

You have successfully joined our subscriber list.

  *   *   *   *   * 

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipe Index
  * Privacy Policy
  * Contact

Copyright Â©2022, Foodelicacy. All Rights Reserved.

Design by Pixel Me Designs

 __

 __3.2K

 __

 __

 __

