https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/shanghai-dumplings/53ba70af-4c48-41ff-ab4e-569fcdf1eca9


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Shanghai dumplings

  * makes _32_

5

Save Recipe

497 people saved this

1 person made this

Find inspiration in the flavours of Chinese cuisine with this spectacular
version of Shanghai dumplings.

V

Valli Little

Allergens: Recipe may contain gluten, wheat, crustacean and soybean.

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 12 Ingredients 
  * 7 Method Steps 

#### 12 Ingredients

  * 400g plain flour, sifted 

  * 1 tbsp sunflower oil 

  * 2 Chinese cabbage (wombok) leaves (see note) 

  * 1 cup (250ml) black vinegar (see note) 

  * 2 tbsp ginger, finely shredded 

  * Sliced red chilli, to serve 

  * ### Filling

  * 450g pork mince 

  * 125g peeled green prawns, finely chopped 

  * 3 spring onions, finely chopped 

  * 2 tsp caster sugar 

  * 2 tbsp soy sauce 

  * 2 tsp finely grated ginger 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 7 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Reserve 1/4 cup (35g) flour and place the remaining flour in a bowl. Add 1/4
cup (60ml) boiling water and stir to combine. Gradually add another 1/2 cup
(125ml) boiling water, stirring until a dough just begins to form. Add 1/4 cup
(60ml) cold water and the oil and stir to combine.

  * Step 2

Transfer dough to an electric mixer fitted with a dough hook and knead for 5-6
minutes until smooth and elastic, adding the remaining flour if the dough is
too sticky. Enclose in plastic wrap and set aside to rest for 30 minutes.

  * Step 3

For the filling, combine all ingredients in a bowl and season well. Set aside.

  * Step 4

Divide the dough into 4 equal pieces and roll each piece into a log about 3cm
in width. Cut the dough into pieces about the size of a golf ball.

  * Step 5

On a lightly floured surface, roll the balls out until 2mm thick and cut out
10cm circles. Top a dough round with 1 tablespoon filling, and bring the edges
together to form a dumpling, pinching the tops to seal. Repeat with remaining
dough and filling, keeping the filled dumplings covered with a damp tea towel
while you make the rest.

  * Step 6

Arrange cabbage leaves in a steamer. In batches, arrange the dumplings in the
steamer and steam for 8-10 minutes until cooked through.

  * Step 7

Combine the black vinegar and ginger in a small bowl and serve with the
dumplings and sliced chilli.

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

1 person made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

497 people saved this

### Recipe Notes

Chinese cabbage and black vinegar are available from Asian food shops.

This is my simple take on Nanxiang's dumplings. Their many fillings include a
delicious "hairy crab" version.

Image by Brett Stevens

##  Popular on Taste

  1. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

  2. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

  3. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  4. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  5. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  6. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

  7. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

  8. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

