https://www.gourmettraveller.com.au/recipes/browse-all/crab-xiao-long-bao-17787


__

__

Recipes __

  * Browse All Recipes
  * Explainers
  * Chefs' Recipes
  * Fast Recipes
  * Healthy Recipes
  * Recipe Collections

News __

  * Restaurant News
  * Food News
  * Drinks News
  * Food & Culture

Dining Out __

  * Restaurant Awards
  * Restaurant Guide
  * Restaurant Reviews

Travel __

  * Hotel Reviews
  * Hotel Awards
  * Cruises
  * Travel News
  * Destinations

Lifestyle __

  * Gift Guides
  * Entertaining

Gift Card

Browse All Recipes

# Crab xiao long bao

The Shanghai dumpling goes luxe. We've stuffed ours with picked crabmeat, but
the traditional, slurpable stock still remains.

Sep 04, 2019 4:00am

By Lisa Featherby

  * 4 hrs 40 mins preparation
  * 20 mins cooking
  * Makes 16 dumplings

Print

Crab xiao long bao

Shanghai's famous steamed buns, commonly called soup dumplings, burst with a
liquid centre when eaten. The trotter, which is high in gelatine, is important
here, helping to set the stock into a jelly, which means it can be folded into
the wrapper. Steam the xiao long bao, and it'll liquify once more. The stock
makes more than you need, but freezes well.

### Ingredients

  * 200 gm picked crabmeat
  * Soy sauce, to serve
  * Chinkiang vinegar combined with shredded ginger, to serve

Jellied stock

  * 1.5 kg pork bones
  * 1 kg chicken wings
  * 1 pig's trotter (see note)
  * 120 ml soy sauce
  * 80 ml Shaoxing wine
  * 4 thick slices of ginger
  * 1 head of garlic, halved
  * 2 star anise
  * 1 piece cassia bark

Bun dough

  * 200 gm high-gluten wheat flour (see note)
  * 2 tsp lard (See note), plus extra for greasing

### Method

  * 1

For jellied stock, combine ingredients and 2 tsp salt in a large stockpot,
cover with water and bring to the boil. Skim scum from surface, then reduce
heat to medium and simmer until stock is very well flavoured (3½-4 hours).
Strain stock into a shallow, wide container, season to taste with salt, cool,
then refrigerate until set (overnight).

  * 2

For bun dough, combine ingredients in a bowl. Add 120ml boiling water and stir
with a fork until dough comes together. Leave until cool enough to handle,
then turn out onto a work surface and knead to a smooth dough (2 minutes).
Cover with plastic wrap.

  * 3

Measure out 300gm jellied stock and cut into 2cm cubes.

  * 4

Lightly grease a worksurface with lard. Dividedough into 20gm (small-walnut
size) portions and roll out to transparent 12cm rounds. Working with a round
at a time, hold wrapper in the palm of one hand, place 1 tsp crabmeat in
centre and top with a cube of jelly. Fold and pleat edges upwards in a
circular pattern to form a teardrop shape, then pinch together to seal,
trimming excess pastry. Place on a tray lined with baking paper, cover with a
tea towel, and repeat to make 16-18 buns

  * 5

Place buns on squares of baking paper in a steamer and steam in batches over a
saucepan of boiling water until cooked through and stock has melted (4
minutes). Serve immediately with soy and vinegar mixed with ginger.

### Notes

Pig's trotters are available from butchers – you may need to order them in
advance. High-gluten wheat flour is available from Asian grocers. Lard is
available from select butchers and delicatessens.

  * ## Lisa Featherby

  * Cuisine:Chinese
  * Course:Appetiser

Related Tags:

  * Dumplings, 
  * Crab, 
  * Steam, 
  * Chinese, 
  * Modern Asian, 
  * Ginger, 
  * Spices, 
  * Pork, 
  * Stock, 
  * Chicken

  * Photography: Ben Dearnley
  * Styling: Geraldine Muñoz
  * Magazine Issue: August 2019

SHAREPIN

  * undefined: Lisa Featherby

## The Latest from Gourmet Traveller

  *   * Recipe CollectionsThe chocolate puddings you need for winter

Aug 05, 2022

  * Browse All RecipesUltimate mac and cheese

Aug 03, 2022

  * Recipe CollectionsVery nice rice puddings

Aug 02, 2022

  * Restaurant NewsThe Patch, a family-friendly bar and restaurant, opens in Tomakin

Aug 02, 2022

  * Recipe Collections31 pork belly recipes to see you through those crackling cravings

Aug 02, 2022

  * Browse All RecipesBeef sausage curry with coconut rice

Aug 01, 2022

  * Recipe CollectionsArtichoke recipes that are worth the effort

Aug 01, 2022

  * Recipe CollectionsPumpkin soups for windy days and cold nights

Aug 01, 2022

  * Recipe CollectionsHam hock soup recipes

Aug 01, 2022

  * Travel NewsSix new luxury international hotel openings to put on your radar

Jul 29, 2022

  * Recipe CollectionsMushroom recipes that are simply magic

Jul 29, 2022

  * Recipe CollectionsOmelette recipes to crack into

Jul 29, 2022

  * Browse All RecipesSweet cinnamon buns

Jul 27, 2022

  * Recipe CollectionsSeriously refreshing gin cocktail recipes

Jul 27, 2022

  * Browse All RecipesChicken Kiev

Jul 27, 2022

  * Restaurant ReviewsEntrecôte's new location is a winner

Jul 26, 2022

  * Recipe CollectionsWhat do to with lentils

Jul 26, 2022

  * Recipe CollectionsMacadamia dessert recipes

Jul 25, 2022

  * Recipe Collections18 nostalgia-inducing crumble recipes

Jul 22, 2022

##### Read More

  * Gift Guides7 most enticing experiences to gift foodies and beyond

Aug 05, 2022

  *   *   * Recipe CollectionsThe chocolate puddings you need for winter

Aug 05, 2022

  * Browse All RecipesUltimate mac and cheese

Aug 03, 2022

  *   * Recipe CollectionsVery nice rice puddings

Aug 02, 2022

  * Restaurant NewsThe Patch, a family-friendly bar and restaurant, opens in Tomakin

Aug 02, 2022

  *   * Recipe Collections31 pork belly recipes to see you through those crackling cravings

Aug 02, 2022

  *   * Browse All RecipesBeef sausage curry with coconut rice

Aug 01, 2022

  * Recipe CollectionsArtichoke recipes that are worth the effort

Aug 01, 2022

  * Recipe CollectionsPumpkin soups for windy days and cold nights

Aug 01, 2022

  *   * Recipe CollectionsHam hock soup recipes

Aug 01, 2022

  *   * Travel NewsSix new luxury international hotel openings to put on your radar

Jul 29, 2022

  * Recipe CollectionsMushroom recipes that are simply magic

Jul 29, 2022

  * Recipe CollectionsOmelette recipes to crack into

Jul 29, 2022

  *   * Browse All RecipesSweet cinnamon buns

Jul 27, 2022

  * Recipe CollectionsSeriously refreshing gin cocktail recipes

Jul 27, 2022

  * Browse All RecipesChicken Kiev

Jul 27, 2022

Gourmet Traveller

facebooktwitterinstagrampinterestgift-card

#### Get The Magazine

Subscribe to Gourmet Traveller - your trusted source and authority for the
best in food, wine and travel.

Subscribe

  * Privacy Policy
  * Advertise
  * Terms of Use

© Copyright 2022 Are Media Pty LimitedAll Rights Reserved

All products are independently selected, tested or recommended by our team of
experts. If you buy something, we may earn an affiliate commission.

back to the top

Home

Recipes

News

Dining Out

Travel

Lifestyle

Gift Card

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

