https://steamykitchen.com/38446-chinese-soup-dumplings-recipe-pork-crab.html


  * Reverse Meal Plan
    * Reverse Meal Plan
    * Love Your Leftovers
    * Fridge Detox Challenge
  * Recipes
    * Recipe Index
    * Buddha Bowls
      * Buddha Bowl Recipes
      * Buddha Bowl Products
    * Microwave Cooking
  * Giveaways
    * Current Giveaways
    * VIP Giveaways
    * Steamy Kitchen Games
    * Winners List
    * FAQs
  * Shop
  * About
    * About
    * Work With Me
    * Jaden's Blog
    * Media

  * Reverse Meal Plan
    * Reverse Meal Plan
    * Love Your Leftovers
    * Fridge Detox Challenge
  * Recipes
    * Recipe Index
    * Buddha Bowls
      * Buddha Bowl Recipes
      * Buddha Bowl Products
    * Microwave Cooking
  * Giveaways
    * Current Giveaways
    * VIP Giveaways
    * Steamy Kitchen Games
    * Winners List
    * FAQs
  * Shop
  * About
    * About
    * Work With Me
    * Jaden's Blog
    * Media

# Chinese Soup Dumplings Recipe (with Pork & Crab)

by Jaden | Appetizers/Bites, Asian, Chinese New Year, Pork, Recipes, Soup | 18
comments

Think someone else may like this? Share the love!

  * Facebook
  * Pinterest
  * Email
  * Print

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

 _Chinese Soup Dumplings, or Xiaolongbao is a MUST TRY at least once! It 's a
long recipe, the dumpling skin is hand made and the filling requires several
hours of chilling. But it's so worth it! These are the real deal. This is an
authentic Xiaolongbao recipe from Top Chef star Lee Anne Wong from her new
book, Dumplings All Day Wong._

Have you ever tried Xiao Long Bao? These are Chinese Soup Dumplings, steamed
dumplings that contain a rich broth trapped inside the parcel of the folded
dumpling. This dish should be on your must-try foods!

So, how does the liquid, or soup, get inside the dumpling? It's gelatin, baby.
A concentrated, rich soup made with pork belly and ham is set with gelatin, so
that the liquid becomes a solid. Then it is mixed with ground pork, crab and
shrimp, along with green onions and ginger.

A dough is hand-made, rolled out and filled.

Then pleated and folded.

To make little dumplings.

Once the dumplings are steamed, the soup turns back into liquid. How do you
eat such a dumpling? Very carefully! Place a dumpling on a large spoon,
preferably a Chinese soup spoon, which is deep enough to capture all of the
soup. Take a little nibble, let some of the steam escape (so that you don't
burn your mouth), and also let some of the soup spill out into the spoon. Take
small bites of the dumpling, eating and sipping at the same time.

This recipe is from Lee Anne Wong, Top Chef finalist from the very first
season. I remember watching Lee Anne, cheering her on from my couch, "Go Asian
sister, go!"

After watching Lee Anne, I had serious thoughts about going to culinary
school, even filling out the application forms at a brand new culinary center
institute up near my home. But instead of spending $60,000 a year in culinary
school fees, I started Steamy Kitchen instead.

These days, I'm getting asked by culinary schools to come TEACH their
students! I think I made a wise decision.

But, Lee Anne Wong inspired me to move in the right direction - a career in
food and cooking.





## Dumplings All Day Wong

The recipe for Chinese Soup Dumplings is from Lee Anne's new book, Dumplings
All Day Wong. Included in the book are dozens of Lee Anne's favorite Asian
dumplings, with step-by-step photos (like the ones above.)

Here's a description:

 _Folds such as Potstickers, Gyozas, Shumai, Har Gow, Wontons and more, along
with countless fillings and different cooking methods such as steaming, pan-
frying, baking or deep-frying, allow you to create awe-inspiring dumplings in
innumerable ways. With friends and family begging to come over and try a new
dumpling recipe from the master again and again, this book will be a go-to in
your kitchen for years to come.  _

[content_band style="color: #fff;" bg_image="https://steamykitchen.com/wp-
content/uploads/2014/11/chinese-soup-dumplings-recipe-5-640×717.jpg"
parallax="true" border="all" inner_container="true"] [custom_headline
style="margin-top: 0; color: #fff;" level="h4″
looks_like="h3″]Xiaolongbao[/custom_headline]

My very first xiaolongbao was at the original Joe's Shanghai, which resides on
Pell Street in New York City's Chinatown. I had read all about their famously
plump and juicy steamed delights in many various local food publications, so I
was compelled to try them for myself. Forewarned by many who had devoured
before me, I knew to be careful with the first bite, as these dumplings were
notorious for the hot broth inside that could easily burn and injure. Whatever
your plan of attack is, these will surely become a favorite, as they are mine.
No kidding, the sky could be falling, but if I have a dim sum steamer full of
xiaolongbao, I'll be fine. These dumplings take a whole day or two to make, so
get the soup stock going first. By sundown, you'll have fresh soup dumplings
in the comfort of your own home--what I consider to be one of the true secret
keys to happiness. -Lee Anne Wong  
[/content_band]

## Recommended Equipment

  

These bamboo steamers are inexpensive and you can set them on top of your wok.

  
  
If you don't have a wok, use this steamer ring! I own one of these and set
this on top of a large pot filled with water. Then I set the bamboo steamer
stacks on TOP of the ring.

## Chinese Soup Dumplings Recipe (with Pork & Crab)

A note on chicken feet: Chicken feet happen to be great for making stock
because of the natural gelatin and collagen they contain, and the price is
usually pretty low if you can find fresh or frozen chicken feet. Wings are my
other option as I find the meat can be pulled from the bones later on and used
for a variety of recipes, and the meat adds great flavor to the stock.

Print Recipe

Prep Time 2 hrs

Cook Time 8 mins

Chilling gelatin 3 hrs

Total Time 5 hrs 8 mins

Servings 40 Dumplings

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

#### SOUP GELATIN

  * 2 tablespoons (30 ml) Shaoxing rice wine, chilled
  * 1 tablespoon (15 ml) soy sauce
  * 1 tablespoon powdered gelatin or agar agar
  * 2 pounds (900 g) chicken wings and/or feet*
  * 8 ounces (225 g) pork belly, with skin
  * 4 ounces (115 g) Chinese ham or bacon
  * 8 cups (2 quarts) water
  * 3 whole green onions, minced
  * 1 inch (2.5 cm) piece ginger, thinly sliced
  * 3 cloves garlic, lightly crushed

#### FILLING

  * 8 ounces (225 g) ground pork
  * 4 ounces (115 g) crabmeat, cleaned and picked through, or shrimp, peeled, deveined, minced
  * 1/2 cup (25 g) minced scallion, white and green parts
  * 2 tablespoons (30 ml) soy sauce
  * 1 tablespoon (15 ml) Shaoxing rice wine
  * 1/2 tablespoon (7.5 ml) sesame oil
  * 2 teaspoons (10 g) sugar
  * 1 teaspoon (5 g) salt
  * 1 teaspoon (5 g) finely grated ginge
  * 1/4 teaspoon ground white pepper

#### SOUP DUMPLING DOUGH

  * 2 cups (200 g) packed all-purpose flour
  * 1 cup (235 ml) boiling water
  * 1 tbsp (15 ml) sesame oil

#### DIPPING SAUCE

  * 2 inches piece ginger, peeled
  * 1/4 cup (60ml) red vinegar (or Chinese black vinegar)

### Instructions



#### To make the gelatin:

  * In a small bowl, combine the wine and the soy sauce and refrigerate. We'll use this later with the gelatin.

  * Rinse the chicken and pork under cold water, then pat dry with paper towels. Using a large knife or cleaver, chop the chicken wings and feet in half to expose the bone. Dice the pork belly and ham into large chunks. Combine with the water, scallion, ginger and garlic in a large stockpot. Bring the water to a boil and then reduce to a rolling simmer. Skim the foam and impurities that rise to the surface of the stock for a clearer broth. Cook the broth, uncovered, for 2½ hours. Strain the stock through a fine-mesh sieve or colander lined with a lint-free towel into a clean pot. Discard the solids (or pull the braised meat from the wing bones and chop and use for dumpling filling, stir-fry, salad, stew or sandwiches). Place the strained broth back on the burner. 

  * To the chilled wine/soy sauce mixture, stir in the gelatin powder. Pour this mixture into a shallow baking dish. Pour the hot soup into the baking dish and use a fork to stir and whisk. Allow this mixture to cool enough to stop steaming, then cover and place in your refrigerator. Chill the stock for about 2 hours, until it is completely cold and set, like Jell-O. Using a fork, scrape up the gelatin and gently mash it to break it up into small pieces. You can also place in freezer to speed up chilling.

#### To make the filling:

  * Combine the ingredients in a bowl. Mix well. Stir in the soup gelatin until it is well distributed. Cover and refrigerate the filling until ready to use.

#### To make the dough:

  * Place the flour in a bowl and make a well in the center. Pour the boiling water and sesame oil into the center of the well and stir with a fork or pair of chopsticks until the dough begins to come together. You may need to add more water if it is dry, or if the dough is sticky, a touch more flour. Once the dough comes together, turn it out onto a lightly floured surface and knead lightly for 3 to 4 minutes, until it can be kneaded into a smooth ball. 

  * Working on a lightly floured surface, roll the dough into a 2-inch (5-cm)-thick rope and divide the dough into 10 even pieces. Roll each piece into a 1-inch (2.5-cm)-thick rope and cut into 4 pieces, for a total of 40 pieces. Keep the dough covered in plastic wrap and refrigerate all but just the few pieces you are currently working with. 

  * Using a small rolling pin, roll each piece of dough into a 4-inch (10-cm) circle about 1⁄16 inch (0.2 cm) thick. 

#### To make the dumpling:

  * Add a heaping tablespoon (12 g) of filling to the center of the wrapper and wet the edges with a pastry brush or your finger. Begin to gather the edge of the wrapper and make tiny overlapping pleats, keeping the center of the dumpling as the focal point, until you have gathered all of the dough and the dumpling is formed. Gently pinch the pleats to seal the dumpling. Store on a lightly floured tray, covered with plastic wrap. Refrigerate the dumplings (as you go) or freeze as needed.

#### To steam the dumpling:

  * Arrange the dumplings at least 1½ inches (4 cm) apart in a dim sum steamer lined with blanched napa cabbage leaves or place a 3x3-inch piece of parchment paper under each dumpling. Place the dim sum basket over several inches of water in a wok (the water should reach just below the bottom tier of the first basket). Bring the water to a boil and steam the dumplings for 6 to 8 minutes, adding more water to the bottom pan as necessary. Serve hot with red vinegar dipping sauce.

#### To make the dipping sauce

  * Use a vegetable peeler to peel the ginger into very thin strips. Then, use a chef's knife to thinly julienne the strips. Combine with the vinegar.

### Notes

Recipe from Dumplings All Day Wong by Lee Anne Wong. Reprinted with
Permission.

Tried this recipe?Let us know how it was!

## More Xiaolongbao Recipes

This Xiaolongbal Chinese Soup Dumplings Recipe is one I posted years ago!
Warning - it's sorta porn-ish.

Chinese Soup Dumplings - from Serious Eats

Steamed Shanghai Soup Dumplings - The Woks of Life

### Related posts:

  1. Xiao Long Bao - Shanghai Steamed Soup Dumplings 
  2. Pan Fried Pork and Shrimp Potstickers Recipe 
  3. Chinese Boiled Pork Dumplings Recipe 
  4. Pork Belly Buns Recipe 
  5. Wonton Noodle Soup 
  6. Chinese Egg Drop Soup 

**Did you try this recipe? Please leave a star rating in the recipe card below
and leave a review in the comment section! I always appreciate your feedback
and I know other readers do, too!**

 **Stay in touch with me in our** **Facebook** **group, on** **Pinterest**
**or follow me on** **Instagram** **! Sign up for my email list, too where we
chat all things recipes, tips, giveaways, and more!  **

# 18 Comments

  1. Nicole on 2/5/16 at 1:20 pm 

Hello there! I am planning to make these over the weekend but I have one
question. Is there any way to make these without steaming? I am going to a
work party and want to be able to bring them with me however I am worried if I
cook them in the morning to go to the party later that day they will either
leak all of their juicy goodness or dry up. So i was planning to bring them
uncooked and then quickly cook them at the party before people arrive. I am
sure a microwave is out of the question but are there any alternative cooking
methods?

Reply

  2. Haseena on 10/9/15 at 7:24 pm 

Hi there! This recipe looks amazing! My husband and I lived in Shanghai and
are now back in the states. Oh how we miss those dumplings! Quick question,
can I make any part of this recipe ahead of time and freeze it? Thanks so
much!

Reply

    * Jaden on 10/12/15 at 2:22 pm 

Hello Haseena - Yes, you can make and fold the dumplings and freeze them
before cooking. When you are ready to cook, just add them carefully to the hot
pan and proceed with instructions, adding an additional couple of minutes to
cooking time.

Reply

      * Tom on 1/4/16 at 6:21 am 

Hi, I have made these 2 days in a row now and they are great fun and
delicious. I have made quite a lot of gelatin broth though, have you tried
freezing any in small cubes and then defrosting at a later date? Seems a shame
to waste any leftover.. thanks.

Reply

        * Jaden on 1/4/16 at 1:28 pm 

Hi Tom,

Thanks so much! Yes, I'll freeze any leftover, but not in cubes - I'll just
freeze the entire batch and just it as a base for any type of soup I want to
make.

Reply

  3. Bridget Lee on 9/22/15 at 6:21 pm 

Well, I haven't tried them, but certainly will, and hopefully won't be having
a "Bad Dumpling Day" like John did…..But, no-one's forcing me to make them,
(I've been making decisions for 50 plus years)…..of recipes and other things,
and have only regretted one cooking disaster, which was my own fault… Never
forget you've got something baking in the oven (No Humans or Pets were harmed;
the only fatality was the Turkey roll, which ended up becoming a small,
inedible lump of charcoal). 🙂  
All I can add is THANKS Jaden for sharing this great recipe. Can't wait to try
them. 🙂

Reply

  4. John on 7/1/15 at 12:03 pm 

Well, unlike most people who leave comments, I wanted to do one after making
the dumplings instead of the requisite "looks great i cant wait to make
these!" Then never doing it, as all these super moms do with the websites they
follow.

So my dumplings are steaming now as a small trial batch (6 dumplings

The bottom line is and has always been that unless you have some asian/indian
persons sainted grandmother in the kitchen, at your side, showing you step by
step what to do..you won't be able to cook decent asian/indian food of any
sort. That being impossible enough, to do a dish that requires the usual
time/dexterity, technique and patience as dumplings in asian cuisine is akin
to nailing jello to the wall. Thats how i feel as I exhale another massive dab
in the remaining 6 mins. of steam time. The dough did not come together
"easily" or "smoothly" at any stage of the process. I added enough flour to
make a pizza to get the glue effect off everything i touched, looked at or
thought about.  
The filling is home ground chicken…looks smooth and beautiful with chunks of
aspic i added to each dumpling. The pleating process is pretty much pottery.
You're not going to feel like its going well or right at all and don't
worry…it's not. I wound up folding mine to a point and twisting…wow, looks
just like the 500 fold version with 1 10th the time and carpel tunnel. 20 mins
and I got 6 dumplings. Well 2 days and 20 mins to get 6 dumplings. Look: 2
leaked…thats 4 dumplings in 2 days. Remaining ones looked ok and
finally…TASTE: Really tasty once i slurped up what I could….but I made every
component to taste so thats no surprise. The ground chicken will now be made
into a burger and the aspic is gona be my pre meal broth for days…no real
waste other than flour and 2 days of a week at home vaca. Order this stuff in
folks, its just not worth it.

Reply

  5. Shanna on 4/17/15 at 5:41 am 

they look the bomb! Is it correct that you used 200 gpacked all-purpose flour  
and 235 ml water? Didn't you got a sloppy mess?

Reply

    * Jaden on 4/18/15 at 5:06 pm 

Hi Shanna - I had to use just a touch more flour - exact amounts of flour is
hard to determine because there are so many variable: humidity, brand of
flour, what type of wheat, elevation, etc. The recipe is really good - just
add the 200g flour and add more if needed to get a nice dough.

Reply

  6. Dee on 12/4/14 at 1:53 pm 

Living on the west coast, Ding Tai Fung is just a 20 min car ride so we've
been spoiled badly. This recipe sounds like a fun project for rainy days, they
always taste best when the weather is cool and keeps the little ones from
having cabin fever.

Reply

  7. Christopher Packard on 11/26/14 at 10:09 pm 

I have enjoyed Steamy Kitchen for awhile. Will try dumplings. Sounds great!

Reply

    * Jaden on 11/27/14 at 8:24 am 

Thank you Christopher! btw, I love the nutcracker on your door - photo you
posted on your blog 🙂

Reply

  8. Ric on 11/22/14 at 6:55 pm 

We make this every year as part of our "dumpling-fest" celebration. We've
tried several recipies that get the gelatin from pork belly and other bones
(one year we used a pigs foot) but we found the amount of geletin was too hard
to control. One year (the one with the pigs foot) the soup set above room
temperature, and others, it was too runny and hard to work with. We've
switched to the reliability of agar agar. Our recipe is a mix between the
first one you posted (that was how I found you, seven years ago) and Andrea
Nguyen's in her book, "Asian Dumplings." Amazon says my copy of "dumplings all
day wong" will arrive tomorrow, yay! Thanks for the post.

Reply

    * Jaden on 11/23/14 at 7:58 am 

Send us photos of your dumplings!!

Reply

  9. Karen on 11/21/14 at 8:53 pm 

I am actually going to try this recipe. We lived in Asia for several
years,eating at Din Tai Fung weekly! I miss soup dumplings so much! I told my
husband we have to go to Seattle and or LA where the US outlets are located.
Thanks for the recipe!

Reply

    * Jaden on 11/22/14 at 7:21 am 

Ah, I would LOVE to bring the boys to Asia and live there for a bit. Weekly
dumplings!!

Reply

  10. bill @thewoksoflife on 11/19/14 at 11:10 am 

We are all fans of the steamykitchen! Definitely agree that this is a must try
recipe at home on a weekend. So good and satisfying!

Reply

  11. Nichole Smith on 11/18/14 at 11:14 am 

Yum! I'm totally going to make these!

Reply

### Submit a Comment Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name

Email

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

#### Fan Favorite Recipe!

#### Check Out Our Memory Games!

  * Jaden's Blog

  * ## 5 Kitchen Tips To Save Money & Reduce Food Waste

  * ## International Women's Day

  * more Jaden's Blog »

## DON'T MISS A THING!

New recipes, reviews, and giveaways every week!

Yes Please!

Hi, I’m Jaden, a professional recipe developer, tv chef and cookbook author.
Steamy Kitchen specializes in connecting you to simple pleasures through food.

MORE ABOUT US

#### Our Cookbooks

**©2021 STEAMY KITCHEN LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.**

Terms & Conditions / Privacy Policy / Official Giveaway Rules

180 shares

  *   *   *   * 

