https://www.hwcmagazine.com/recipe/steamed-shanghai-hairy-crabs-da-zha-xie-%E5%A4%A7%E9%97%B8%E8%9F%B9/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Health and Diet
  * SUBSCRIBE
  * ## Nav Social Menu

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * RSS
    * Twitter
    * YouTube

  * search...

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

search...

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Health and Diet
  * Contact
  * About
  * SUBSCRIBE

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

×

Home » Mains » Fish and Seafood » Steamed Shanghai Hairy Crabs

# Steamed Shanghai Hairy Crabs

Published: Dec 16, 2011 · Modified: Feb 5, 2021 by HWC Magazine · Leave a
Comment

  *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

 **Steamed Shanghai Hairy Crabs also known as (Da Zha Xie) or ( 大闸蟹) are a
Chinese delicacy. Learn how to choose, prepare and eat this sweet crab with a
Chinese black vinegar dipping sauce.**

## Why you are going to love Steamed Shanghai Hairy Crabs...

Sweet succulent crab meat is to die for!

Complimentary Chinese Black Vinegar dipping sauce that is a little sour, sweet
and warming from the ginger

Best served with a little plum wine to warm you up from the cooling crab

Fun delicacy to enjoy with family and friends- get the bibs ready as it can be
a messy adventure.

## Let's Celebrate Hairy Crab Season!

Shanghai hairy crabs or otherwise known as Chinese mitten crabs or (Da Zha Xie
(大闸蟹) and are found in the Yangcheng Lake. Yang Cheng Lake is a famous crab-
breeding area situated to the northeast of Suzhou, Jiangsu Province. This
famous Shanghai delicacy is normally consumed during late autumn/early winter
(September to December every year). The crabs are tied with ropes/strings,
placed in bamboo containers, steamed and served.

Shanghai hairy crabs spend most of their life in fresh water, but they must
return to the sea to breed. During their fourth or fifth year in late summer,
the crustaceans migrate downstream to mate. After mating, the females continue
seaward, overwintering in deeper waters. They return to brackish water (has
more salinity than fresh water) in the spring to hatch their eggs. The crabs
gradually move upstream into fresh water, thus completing the life cycle.
This is the time is in the early fall that the crabs are harvested and cooked.

## What is the difference between a male and female hairy crab?

The local Chinese have a saying that female crabs are to be eaten in September
and male crabs in October. This saying has to do with the amount of
yellow/orange (the eggs of the female) and paste (white/yellow matter in the
male) in the crabs. Male and female crabs have different taste, texture and
sizes and everyone has their own personal preference on which they prefer.

Male Crabs have on their bottom shell a bell shape (triangle) and the females
have a round shape shell. In addition, Males are generally are larger than
females. They have more meat to them but I find their meat a little less sweet
than the female meat.

Females have firm and plentiful roe which is is usually dark orange or yellow
in color. Males have more creamy type of roe and is usually light yellow in
color. So it is up to you which one you prefer, try one of each so you can
make your own decision. The best way to have crabs is to have them steamed and
then dip them into some sauce made of vinegar and ginger. It is very fresh and
delicious. Personally, we love the female Steamed Shanghai Hairy Crabs as they
are a little sweeter.

Male Crab

Female crab

## Hairy Crab Meat is Cooling

The crab meat is believed by the Chinese to have a "cooling" yin effect on the
body. A crab meal usually is accompanied with warmed Shaoxing rice wine or
huamei (plum wine) a perfect combination with this steamed delicacy to help
warm the body. It tastes very similar to Japanese Umeshu (plum liquor) but
much more stronger and intense in flavor.

In addition, the crabs are steamed on top of a Zi Su Ye (Perilla Leaf) and
along with ginger which are both warming foods to help neutralize the cooling
nature of the crab. Zi Su Ye is a Chinese medicinal herb. Zi Su Ye is used to
release the exterior, disperse cold - wind-cold w/fever. Zi Su Ye resolves qi
stagnation, vomiting, nausea. In addition it is used to relieve symptoms in
seafood poisoning - alone or in combination w/other herbs. so you can see why
this is a great Chinese herb to use with the preparation of the Shanghai hairy
crabs.

Perilla leaves

Hua Mei-Plum Wine

## How to choose a good Hairy crab?

To have the best pick, make sure to choose the bubbling crabs with vigorous
claws and pincers as well as quick and glaring eyes. If your crab is dead or
not moving, do not eat it as it can make you sick. You must make sure that
your crab is alive and vigorous eye movement and movement of legs.

Never, ever, ever undo the ties preventing the crab from moving about before
you cook them. Word to the wise; these little guys are very feisty and tricky
and there are several funny stories of man vs hairy crab and the feat to get
them in the steamer basket.  They are very fast and will do anything to make a
run for it. I guess the word really gets out fast between the crabs while they
are in the hanging out in the store refrigerator-they all know about their
pending doom.

## How to EAT Steamed Shanghai Hairy Crab

Let's roll up your sleeves and enjoy some delicious Steamed Shanghai Hairy
crab.

First, take the apron and top shell of the crab off. It is where the roe is on
female crabs - a savory area for tasting. Then break the crab in half and do
not eat the eyes, lungs or intestines, and pick around the roe and meat the
most delicious part. Then pull off the crab legs. Chopstick-poking and digging
can push the meat out from the crab legs and claw. My friends from Shanghai
show me the trick, if you break the crab leg just about the joint and then
with one of the tiny claws you can push or pull out the yummy crab meat. Don't
forget to dip into the delicious black vinegar dipping sauce along the way. Be
sure to check out our Stir Fried Crab with Chinese New Year Cake for the
holidays.

## Forget the Table Manners Eating Hairy Crab

If this is your first date with a new significant other this would not be a
good dish to order in a restaurant as really all table manners are set aside.
You will have delicious crab roe all over your fingers and chin, you will be
making strange sucking sounds to get the meat out. It is all part of the
experience.

It's said that all the flesh on this little creature can been devoured except
the lungs and intestines, which may contain harmful substances and bacteria. I
had the the pleasure of trying my first hairy crab with 3 of my best friends
and 2 of them are from Shanghai and they are experts at eating this whole
eating process. They are so skilled at this that literally they can put a
piece of crab in their mouths and all that is left is the shell. Amazing. I
was a little less graceful regarding this whole eating process so we made a
pact what ever happened at this dining room table stayed at this dining room
table. No one even said a word when I was trying to evacuate a piece of crab
meat from the claw and the whole claw shot across the table. When you are
eating this delicious Steamed Shanghai Hairy Crabs all table rules are gone.

For all of my Chinese foodies this picture of the crab orange roe will be
yummy for all of my Western foodies you may wish to look away as this is the
picture of the crab roe. It is the best part of the Hairy crab.

A tribute to my dear friends Lynn and Yi who prepared this lovely feast for
us. Anna and I were the sous chefs and QA taste test analysts for the day.

**Steamed Shanghai Hairy Crabs  (Da Zha Xie (大闸蟹)**

Ingredients:

CRAB

  * 1-2 Shanghai hairy crabs per person (female or male) about 100 grams - (If Shanghai hairy crabs have a badge with the brand Yang Cheng Hu, they are usually more expensive)
  * 1 Zi Su Ye (Perilla Leaf) for each crab
  * 1 wedge of ginger

VINEGAR SAUCE

  * approximately ¼ cup Chinese black rice dark vinegar
  * approximately 1 tablespoon Brown sugar
  * approximately 1 teaspoon minced ginger

HUA MEI (PLUM WINE)

  * 1 bottle Hua Mei
  * 1 inch wedge of ginger

PROCEDURE:

Step 1: Scrub the bound crabs with brush and water. Do not untie the
straws!!!! (you do not want any escape artists running around your home) Set
aside.

Step 2: Prepare the Steamer: Half fill a wok with water and then put a small
bowl on top and then a plate on top of this and prepare a lid to cover. (Or if
you have a bamboo steamer you can use this- whatever you like or have access
to.)

Step 3: Put some dried perilla leaves and slices of ginger flat in the plate.
Lay the freshwater hairy crabs on top of the plate BELLY SIDE UP and place the
plate in the wok. (The reason for belly side up is that most of the meat is on
the top of crab and this will be closest to the heat)

Step 4: Steam the crabs according to size and the number of crabs in your
steamer. Crab weighs less than about 7 oz cook for about 15 minutes. Crab
weighs over 7 oz cook for approximately 18-20  minutes. If you have more crabs
in your steamer you may have to increase the time. You will know the crabs are
done when their color changes from a green/gray color to a nice orange crimson
color.

Step 5: Allow the crabs to rest for 10 minutes in the steamer just so they are
cool enough to handle.

Step 6: Prepare vinger sauce: For each person combine a few tablespoons of
Chinese black vinegar, brown sugar and minced ginger in a little bowl for
dipping. (I usually never measure but more of a dash of this and a dash of
that and taste test and adjust to your liking)

If you are looking for more traditional Chinese recipes, take a look at our
Chinese Recipe Category for more inspiration.

## More Delicious Seafood Recipes

Grilled Swordfish with Crab Salsa

Wasabi Mayo Crab Onigirazu

Crab Stuffed Whitefish

Stir Fried Crab with Chinese New Year Cake

Hungry For More? Subscribe to our Newsletter and follow along on Facebook,
Instagram and Pinterest for all the latest updates.

## Steamed Shanghai Hairy Crabs-Da Zha Xie 大闸蟹

Steamed Shanghai Hairy Crabs are a Chinese delicacy. Learn how to choose,
prepare and eat this sweet crab with a Chinese black vinegar dipping sauce.

5 from 1 vote

Print Pin Rate

Course: Mains

Cuisine: Chinese

Prep Time: 10 minutes

Cook Time: 20 minutes

Total Time: 30 minutes

Servings: 4 crabs

Calories: 102kcal

Author: HWC Magazine

### Ingredients

#### CRAB

  * ▢ 1-2 Shanghai hairy crabs   
per person (female or male) - (If Shanghai hairy crabs have a badge with the
brand Yang Cheng Hu, they are usually more expensive)

  * ▢ 1 Perilla Leaf  
( Zi Su Ye ) for each crab

  * ▢ 4 slices ginger  
fresh peeled

#### VINEGAR SAUCE

  * ▢ ¼ cup Chinese black rice dark vinegar  

  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Brown sugar  
or sugar alternative of choice

  * ▢ 1 teaspoon ginger  
peeled and grated

#### HUA MEI (PLUM WINE)

  * ▢ 1 bottle Hua Mei  
plum Wine

  * ▢ 1 inch  ginger peeled 

US Customary \- Metric

### Instructions

  * Scrub the bound crabs with brush and water. Do not untie the straws!!!! (you do not want any escape artists running around your home) Set aside.

  * Prepare the Steamer: Half fill a wok with water and then put a small bowl on top and then a plate on top of this and prepare a lid to cover. (Or if you have a bamboo steamer you can use this- whatever you like or have access to.)

  * Put some dried perilla leaves and slices of ginger flat in the plate. Lay the freshwater hairy crabs on top of the plate BELLY SIDE UP and place the plate in the wok. (The reason for belly side up is that most of the meat is on the top of crab and this will be closest to the heat)

  * Steam the crabs according to size and the number of crabs in your steamer. Crab weighs less than about 7 oz cook for about 15 minutes. Crab weighs over 7 oz cook for approximately 18-20  minutes. If you have more crabs in your steamer you may have to increase the time. You will know the crabs are done when their color changes from a green/gray color to a nice orange crimson color.

  * Allow the crabs to rest for 10 minutes in the steamer just so they are cool enough to handle.

  * Prepare vinegar sauce: For each person combine a few tablespoons of Chinese black vinegar, brown sugar and minced ginger in a little bowl for dipping. (I usually never measure but more of a dash of this and a dash of that and taste test and adjust to your liking)

  * Prepare the Hua Mei (Plum Wine) - In a small sauce pan, place Hua Mei and a wedge of ginger and warm up. Do NOT boil. Place wine in tea cups or heat proof cups to serve.

  * Bring Shanghai hairy crabs to the dinner table. Untie the straws and served with a saucer of Chinese vinegar, sugar and minced ginger. Enjoy with a cup of warm Hua Mei. Let the feast begin.

### Notes

Make sure you crab is alive and well in the store you purchase it from. Be
sure to choose the bubbling crabs (they actually sound like they are talking
or bubbling) with brisk pincers as well as glaring eyes in order to have the
best pick.

Freeze the crabs with ice water before steaming. (It sedates the crab)

Since crabs are considered a "cold" food according to Chinese medicine, one
should not consume too many at a time. The best way to banish the coldness is
to eat them along with "hot" food like the warmed Hua Mei (plum wine). A nice
cup hot ginger tea is also a nice ending to this meal.

Cook crabs belly side up to have best results.

Crabs gradually change color from dark gray/green to orange tangerine when
they are cooked.

Use the claws pointy end as a tool to get the other crab meat out (this works
like a charm)



### Nutrition

Serving: 1g | Calories: 102kcal | Carbohydrates: 1g | Protein: 20g | Fat: 15g
| Cholesterol: 70mg | Sodium: 350mg | Potassium: 378mg

Did you make this recipe?Tag us @HWCMagazine or hastag us #HWCMagazine!

« Pancetta Linguine with Gai Lan 芥兰 (Chinese Broccoli)

Prepare the Visqueen: Time to make the Christmas Sugar Cut Out Cookies »

  *   *   *   * 

#### About HWC Magazine

Join our Healthy World Cuisine medical editors (trained in both Western and
Eastern Medicine) and learn how to EAT your way around the WORLD from the
comfort of your own kitchen. Grab free health tips, recipe ideas, meal plans
and gain a better understand how eating choices can affect your health. Be the
healthier and happier YOU!

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Sharon | Chinese Soup Pot says

December 18, 2011 at 3:55 pm

I miss these crabs! Too bad they are not available fresh in the US. I can only
have them when I visit HK during the right months.

Reply

    * Healthy World Cuisine says

December 18, 2011 at 6:02 pm

I hope you come to visit Hong Kong soon and hopefully in the fall. Are you
preparing for the Chinese New Year? Any special dishes? Take Care

Reply

  2. RecipeAdaptors says

December 17, 2011 at 9:07 pm

Yikes! Some of those photos look pretty scary. I'm sure they taste good
though.

Reply

    * Healthy World Cuisine says

December 18, 2011 at 1:15 pm

It is definitely a cultural preference. Once you give it a try, it opens up a
whole new window of culinary experiences. Take Care

Reply

  3. gardenfreshtomatoes says

December 16, 2011 at 7:44 pm

Wonderful tutorial, Bobbi!  
And, crab roe looks no different than lobster roe - it has it's fans, too! -
as well as a fair share of folks who find it , um, gross...

Reply

    * Healthy World Cuisine says

December 16, 2011 at 9:44 pm

Thanks Marie, I am glad you are not scared of crab roe as it really is the
best part of the crab. I hope you are doing well. Take Care, BAM

Reply

  4. thecompletecookbook says

December 16, 2011 at 3:51 pm

Love all your slippers! I love crab but have never eaten them like this before
- sounds fantastic.  
🙂 Mandy

Reply

    * Healthy World Cuisine says

December 16, 2011 at 9:41 pm

Thanks Mandy, one must always wear their fashion slippers while cooking. I am
sure my husband would much rather see me in high heeled shoes while slaving in
the kitchen. Shanghai Hairy crab is quite yummy. I guess you will have to come
to China and visit to give it a try. Take Care, BAM

Reply

      * thecompletecookbook says

December 16, 2011 at 9:46 pm

Oh now that would be fun! 🙂

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

## Primary Sidebar

### WELCOME

Hi There!  
Are you ready to explore new culinary frontiers, eat healthier, and save time
– Then, you have come to the right place. Join Healthy World Cuisine (HWC)
Magazine and learn how to  **EAT**  your way around the  **WORLD**  from the
comfort of your own kitchen. Grab free health tips, recipe ideas, meal plans
and gain a better understand how eating choices can affect your health. Be the
healthier and happier  **YOU**!

Discover more about HWC Magazine →

### **POPULAR RECIPES**

  * Crab Stuffed Whitefish

  * Bacon Wrapped Sausage Stuffed Pork Tenderloin

  * Pepper Lunch Steak and Rice Sizzle

  * Hawaiian Luau Rice

### HEALTH AND DIET

  * Feed Your Spleen: Nourish your Body

  * Whiskey Honey Lemon Cough Syrup

  * Love your Liver; Self Care and Meal Plans

  * Mindfulness Eating Script for Weight Loss

## Footer

↑ BACK TO TOP

  * **About**

  * **Sign Up!** for emails and updates

  * **Contact** / **Work with Us**

Copyright © 2011-2022 **HEALTHY WORLD CUISINE**Privacy Policy

EXCLUSIVE MEMBER OF MEDIAVINE FOOD

  *   *   *   * 

