https://www.outlookindia.com/outlooktraveller/explore/story/70487/6-must-try-shanghai-hu-cuisine-dishes


#### Outlook Traveller

Sign In/Sign Up to view the picturesque world, participate in contests and
much more

SIGN IN WITH GOOGLE

Or

SIGN IN WITH FACEBOOK

By signing up, you agree to our Terms, Data Policy and Cookies Policy.

Log in

**Name YO!**

  * Explore
  * See
    * Podcast
    * Photo Essays
  * Experience
  * Stay
    * Luxury
    * Boutique
    * Glamping
    * Heritage
    * Homestays
    * Beach Resorts
  * Travel News
  * Videos
  * OT Quiz
  * Guidebooks
  * Awards
    * Awards 2020
    * Awards 2022

# Unveil the Enticing Flavours of Hu Cuisine

A food market in Shanghai,  Photo Credit: Shutterstock

Home > Explore > Story > Unveil the Enticing Flavours of Hu Cuisine

Advertisement

##  Shanghaiâ€™s culinary scene is as unique as its architecture and history

Nikita Nikhil  
May 29 , 2020

06 Min Read

Fast and technologically forward, these are the two words that come to our
mind the moment we hear about Shanghai. As the largest and second most
populated city of China, Shanghai boasts a blended culture of East and West,
much due to its colonial history. When it comes to food, a unique blend of
Benbang and Haipai cuisines can be seen in the traditional Hu Cuisine, which
still remains an underdog when it comes to China's major cuisines. Youngest in
the list but favoured by many, the Shanghainese are known to have a sweet
tooth, as sugar and soy are used in the ratio of 1:1 in signature Shanghai
dishes, making it distinctive from China's other regional dishes. Here's what
we are talking about:

**Xiao Long Bao**  

>  
>
>  
>
>  
>
> View this post on Instagram
>
> A post shared by mahina (@sooooochang) on Mar 18, 2020 at 2:08pm PDT

Advertisement

  
A classic Hu dish, Xiao Long Bao are soup dumplings and probably one of the
first dishes you should try while visiting Shanghai. The dumplings - served in
small bamboo baskets they're steamed in, have delicate skins encasing pork-
based filling and delicious meat broth. While steaming, the gelatinised meat
broth chunks melt, making it into a soup which gives an explosion of rich,
steaming, hot juice oozing right into your mouth. Careful, as these pillowy
delights are presented piping hot so give each dumpling some soy sauce and
vinegar baths before chewing them right away. Due to its thin skin, the main
objective is to eat it without rupturing it. So here's a little trick for the
newbies, use a Chinese soup spoon. Or even better, just use your hand if you
can't resist this tender and juicy delight for that long!

**Hairy Crab**  
Some people say you really haven't experienced Shanghai unless you've eaten a
Hairy Crab. A Shanghainese delicacy, during late fall and early winter you'll
find hairy crab sold on every street corner and every restaurant. Because of
Shanghai's proximity to the Yangtze River and the East China Sea, steamed crab
is one of the many seafood dishes enjoyed by locals. The famed steamed crabs
are tied with ropes and strings, kept in a bamboo container with few extra
ingredients such as scallions and fragrant ginger. The result is firm, yet
tender and delicate meat which is slightly sweeter than regular crab meat. The
dish is served with a dash of rice vinegar, sugar and ginger sauce for
dipping.  The laborious part, however, is picking apart the whole carb. In
traditional Chinese medicine, crabmeat is considered as 'cold' food, so don't
hesitate to pair your meal with a flask of warming Shaoxing rice wine
(obviously recommended!).

**Shi zi Tou**  
Another of Shanghai's most beloved dish is Shi zi Tou or Lion's Head
Meatballs. Now, the dish isn't exactly made from a lion's head but is
fashioned from grounded pork meatballs simmered in soy sauce and sugar and
braised with bok choy. The meatballs are moist and tender with a unique blend
of sweet and savoury flavour. Often consumed with rice, the delicate and porky
nuances of these meatballs are quite irresistible. As a matter of fact, these
giant meatballs got their name from the banquet for the State Governor of Xun,
where the officials called him a fierce lion and commended him for his
achievements.

**Beggar 's Chicken**  
A uniquely cooked chicken which involves stuffed and marinated chicken that is
covered with several layers of lotus leaves and finally sealing it in a
parchment paper. After 6 hours of slow baking, the result is tender, juicy and
aromatic chicken easily falling off its bones. There is a very interesting
folktale behind Beggar's Chicken. Legends say this uniquely cooked chicken
dates back to Qing Dynasty (1644-1911), when a hungry beggar who lived in
Shanghai's neighbouring town of Changshu, stole a chicken from a local farm
and hid it in the mud till the farmer went to sleep. Then without even
cleaning it, he cooked it over the fire.  
  
**Hong Shao Rou**  

>  
>
>  
>
>  
>
> View this post on Instagram
>
> A post shared by Claire (@claire__tofu) on Apr 25, 2020 at 9:03am PDT

  
Red-cooking--known as hong shao in Chinese--is a style prevalent throughout
all of China. The colour and taste are achieved by slow-cooking proteins in
soy sauce with sugar and fermented bean paste. Hong Shao Rou or Red Braised
Pork Belly is a classic crowd-pleaser. Sweet and caramelised chunks of pork
belly are simmered in light and dark soy sauce with a dash of brown sugar
along with fresh ginger, garlic, green onion, and star anise. This dish is
typically served with hard-boiled eggs and its tender meat will melt in your
mouth.  
  
**Lade Tiao**  
This one is for spice lovers and adventurous eaters. Lade Tiao is the spiciest
dish of Shanghai. This popular dish features bullfrog meat slow-cooked in five
different types of chilli peppers. The dish is so hot and daunting that one
time, a restaurant in Shanghai ran a promotion, offering Lade Tiao free of
cost to the person who can finish it within an hour.



  

Submit

## Read Next Article

### Lift your Spirits with Genever

03 Min Read

Learn about the ancestor of Gin

## Related Articles

##  Reimagining Chinese Heritage at Amanyangyun

Amit Dixit  12 Min Read

Amanyangyun has managed to redefine luxury all together after a mammoth...

##  Reimagining Chinese...

Amit Dixit  April 03 , 2018

##  China: Off the Beaten Track

Radhika Tandon  12 Min Read

While the Middle Kingdom embraces modernity, beauty and wonder lingers

##  China: Off the Beaten...

Radhika Tandon  September 04 , 2017

##  Great Cities: Shanghai

Amit Dixit  12 Min Read

Get transfixed by the many worlds of Shanghai

##  Great Cities: Shanghai

Amit Dixit  June 12 , 2017

* * *

### All Tags

Shanghai

Food and Drink

Food and culture

Hu Cuisine

Haipai cuisine

Benbang cuisine

Advertisement*

### Here to there

Explore Directions(Routes) and more...

From Abids Abohar Agartala Agra Ahmedabad Aizawl Ajmer Alappuzha Allahabad
Alwar Amalapuram Amberpet Amreli Amritsar Anantnag Angul Ankleshwar Arrah
Ashoknagar Asind Assam Atarra Aurangabad ayodhya Azamgarh Bahadurgarh
Baharampur Balaghat Balasore Ballia Balu Bangomunda Banjara_Hills Barddhaman
Basti Batala Bathinda Belgaum Bellary Bengaluru Bhadreswar Bhagalpur Bharuch
Bhilwara Bhimavaram Bhopal Bhubaneswar Bikaner Bishnupur Bolpur Brahmapur
Budaun Chandanagar Chandigarh Chennai Chidawa Chittoor Coimbatore Dadri
Davangere Dehradun Delhi Dewas Dhanushkodi Dindigul Dombivali Durgapur Ellore
Ernakulam Erode Faridabad Fatehpur Ferozepore Fyzabad Gangtok Ghaziabad Goa
Gorakhpur Greater-Noida Gudivada Guntur Gurgaon Gurugram Guwahati Haldia
Haldwani Halol Haridwar Hazaribagh Himmatnagar Hindupur Hoshangabad Howrah
Hubli Hyderabad Imphal Indore Jabalpur Jagadhri Jagdispur Jaipur Jajpur
Jalalpur Jalandhar Jammu Jamnagar Jamshedpur Jaunpur Jodhpur Jorhat
Jubilee_Hills Kadapa Kadi Kalimpong Kalyanpur Kanaiguda Kannur Kanpur
Kapurthala_Town Karimganj Karimpur Karnal Kasaragod Kashipur Kerala
Khairatabad Khammam Kharar Khowai Khushinagar Kochi Koch_Bihar Kohima Kolhapur
Kolkata Kollam Koppal Kota Kottayam Kovilpatti Kozhikode Kuchaman Kurukshetra
Lucknow Ludhiana Machalpur Madhepura Madhupur Madikeri Madurai Mahasamund
Malappuram Malegaon Malkajgiri Mallampet Mandya Mangalore Mathura Medak
Medininagar Medinipur Meerut Mehdipatnam Mirzapur Mohali Mumbai Muvattupuzha
Muzaffarpur Mysore Nagpur Naharlagun Nainital Nashik Navsari Nellore New Delhi
New_Delhi Nimbahera Nirjuli Noida Ongole Palakkad Panchkula Panipat Patna
Phagwara Phusro Pollachi Prayagraj Proddatur Puducherry Pune Raebareli Raiganj
Raipur Rajkot Ranchi Raniganj Rehli Rewari Rishikesh Rohtak Roorkee Safidon
Saharanpur Saharsa Sainthia Salem Sambalpur Sanvordem Sasaram Sathupalli
Shimla Shrigonda Siliguri Sirsi Siwan Solapur Sonipat Sontha Sopur Srinagar
Sultanpur Sundargarh Supaul Sutahata Thakurdwara Thane Thiruvananthapuram
Thoothukudi Thrissur Thuraiyur Tinsukia Tiruchi Tirumala_-_Tirupati Tiruppur
Tolichowki Tonk Udaipur Udupi Vadasinor Vadodara Valsad Varanasi Vidisha
Vijayawada Villupuram Visakhapatnam Visnagar Yakutpura to  Abids Abohar
Agartala Agra Ahmedabad Aizawl Ajmer Alappuzha Allahabad Alwar Amalapuram
Amberpet Amreli Amritsar Anantnag Angul Ankleshwar Arrah Ashoknagar Asind
Assam Atarra Aurangabad ayodhya Azamgarh Bahadurgarh Baharampur Balaghat
Balasore Ballia Balu Bangomunda Banjara_Hills Barddhaman Basti Batala Bathinda
Belgaum Bellary Bengaluru Bhadreswar Bhagalpur Bharuch Bhilwara Bhimavaram
Bhopal Bhubaneswar Bikaner Bishnupur Bolpur Brahmapur Budaun Chandanagar
Chandigarh Chennai Chidawa Chittoor Coimbatore Dadri Davangere Dehradun Delhi
Dewas Dhanushkodi Dindigul Dombivali Durgapur Ellore Ernakulam Erode Faridabad
Fatehpur Ferozepore Fyzabad Gangtok Ghaziabad Goa Gorakhpur Greater-Noida
Gudivada Guntur Gurgaon Gurugram Guwahati Haldia Haldwani Halol Haridwar
Hazaribagh Himmatnagar Hindupur Hoshangabad Howrah Hubli Hyderabad Imphal
Indore Jabalpur Jagadhri Jagdispur Jaipur Jajpur Jalalpur Jalandhar Jammu
Jamnagar Jamshedpur Jaunpur Jodhpur Jorhat Jubilee_Hills Kadapa Kadi Kalimpong
Kalyanpur Kanaiguda Kannur Kanpur Kapurthala_Town Karimganj Karimpur Karnal
Kasaragod Kashipur Kerala Khairatabad Khammam Kharar Khowai Khushinagar Kochi
Koch_Bihar Kohima Kolhapur Kolkata Kollam Koppal Kota Kottayam Kovilpatti
Kozhikode Kuchaman Kurukshetra Lucknow Ludhiana Machalpur Madhepura Madhupur
Madikeri Madurai Mahasamund Malappuram Malegaon Malkajgiri Mallampet Mandya
Mangalore Mathura Medak Medininagar Medinipur Meerut Mehdipatnam Mirzapur
Mohali Mumbai Muvattupuzha Muzaffarpur Mysore Nagpur Naharlagun Nainital
Nashik Navsari Nellore New Delhi New_Delhi Nimbahera Nirjuli Noida Ongole
Palakkad Panchkula Panipat Patna Phagwara Phusro Pollachi Prayagraj Proddatur
Puducherry Pune Raebareli Raiganj Raipur Rajkot Ranchi Raniganj Rehli Rewari
Rishikesh Rohtak Roorkee Safidon Saharanpur Saharsa Sainthia Salem Sambalpur
Sanvordem Sasaram Sathupalli Shimla Shrigonda Siliguri Sirsi Siwan Solapur
Sonipat Sontha Sopur Srinagar Sultanpur Sundargarh Supaul Sutahata Thakurdwara
Thane Thiruvananthapuram Thoothukudi Thrissur Thuraiyur Tinsukia Tiruchi
Tirumala_-_Tirupati Tiruppur Tolichowki Tonk Udaipur Udupi Vadasinor Vadodara
Valsad Varanasi Vidisha Vijayawada Villupuram Visakhapatnam Visnagar Yakutpura
Go

### Handpicked For You

Looking Back at Ho Chi Minh Cityâ€™s Colonial Architecture Mothers and Memories
of the Food We Grew Up With 10 Heritage Homestays to Book Right Now - Part I
How To Do A Spectacular Trek To Gangotri Goa Through My Lens

## Our Other Editions

Outlookâ€™ is Indiaâ€™s most vibrant weekly news magazine with critically and
globally acclaimed print and digital editions. Now in its 23rd year...

Explore All

  * Check out our Magazine of the month
  * Offbeat destinations
  * In-depth storytelling
  * Stunning pictures
  * Subscribe

## Links

  * Photos 
  * Ask Marco 
  * About Us 
  * Contact Us 
  * Terms and Conditions 
  * Privacy Policy 

## Social

## Download our Apps from

# Download Our Mag

  Close Ad  

