https://cucina.grandinetti.org/recipes/pasta-and-rice/pork-and-crab-soup-dumplings-xiao-long-bao


Skip to main content

** La Cucina Grandinetti **

## Search form

Search

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Contact
  * Login

Follow @cucina3834

Recipes > Pasta and Rice >

# Pork and Crab Soup Dumplings (Xiao Long Bao)

The first time I had Chinese soup dumplings was at Joe's Shanghai, located at
9 Pell Street in New York City. These delicious little dumplings had me at
first bite. I was in love. Xiao Long Bao (or little dumplings in a basket),
are dumplings filled with a solid meat aspic along with a pork filling. The
aspic melts upon heating and voilà, you have a delicious savory soup inside
the dumpling.



When I returned home to Maryland, I was in search of these dumplings and found
something very close to Joe's at a restaurant in Rockville called Bob's
Shanghai 66 (and definitely not to be confused with Bob's Noodle 66).  Bob's
Shanghai is located at 305 North Washington Street. If you are ever in the
vicinity of these two restaurants (Joe's in NYC or Bob's in Rockville), I
highly recommend you go and try the soup dumplings.



I have been bugging my girlfriends for some time to make them.  I'm pretty
sure they thought I was crazy because their first response was, "why would we
want to make them when we could go to Bob's right here in Rockville and have
dumplings made by professionals."  Of course I persisted, and a little over 2
years after I first tried them in NYC, my friends and I got together to make
them.



Below is the recipe we used.  Ours didn't come out perfect - it took us three
tries to get steamed dumplings with some delicious soup inside, but it was all
well worth the effort.  Our steamed soup dumplings were delicious.





Adapted from Food and Wine



  
  
  


### Ingredients



#### For the jellied chicken stock:

  * One 3-pound chicken, quartered
  * 1 pound boneless pork shoulder, sliced 1 inch thick
  * Eight 1/4-inch-thick slices of fresh ginger
  * 2 scallions, halved crosswise
  * 1 large carrot, thinly sliced
  * 2 quarts low-sodium chicken broth
  * 1 quart water
  * 3 envelopes unflavored gelatin



#### For the dough:

  * 4-1/2 cups all-purpose flour, plus more for dusting
  * 1-1/2 cups bread flour
  * Boiling water
  * Large pinch of saffron threads, crumbled
  * 1 tablespoon fine sea salt



#### For the filling:

  * 4 dried shiitake mushrooms
  * Boiling water
  * 3/4 pound ground pork shoulder
  * 1/4 cup Asian crab paste (optional; see Note)
  * 1/2 cup finely chopped chives
  * 2 tablespoons potato starch
  * 2 tablespoons toasted sesame oil
  * 1 1/2 tablespoons dark soy sauce
  * 1 1/2 tablespoons mushroom soy sauce, such as Healthy Boy (see Note)
  * 1 tablespoon sugar
  * 1 teaspoon finely chopped peeled fresh ginger
  * 3/4 teaspoon salt
  * 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground white pepper
  * 3 cups Jellied Stock (recipe above)
  * Goji berries, for garnish (optional)



#### For the vinegar dipping sauce:

  * 1/4 cup Chinese black vinegar
  * 1 tablespoon fresh ginger, julienned



  
  
  


### Instructions



Step 1: To make the chicken stock: In a large, deep pot, combine the chicken,
pork, ginger, scallions, carrot, broth and water and bring to a boil.







Step 2: Reduce the heat and simmer until the chicken is cooked through, about
30 minutes. Remove the chicken and, when it is cool enough to handle, pull the
meat from the bones.



Step 3: Return the bones to the pot and simmer over moderately low heat until
the broth is very flavorful and reduced to 6 cups, about 1-1/2 hours longer.



Step 4: Strain the stock and skim the fat from the surface. Reserve the
chicken meat and pork for another use.



Step 5: In a small bowl, combine the gelatin with 1/3 cup of cold water and
let stand for 5 minutes. Whisk the softened gelatin into 3 cups of the hot
stock until melted. Reserve the remaining stock for another use.





Step 6: Pour the gelatinized stock into a 2-quart glass or ceramic baking dish
and refrigerate until firm, at least 3 hours or overnight. The jellied stock
can be refrigerated in an airtight container for up to 3 days.





Step 7: To make the dough: In a medium bowl, stir 1/2 cup of the the all-
purpose flour with 1/2 cup of the bread flour and 1/2 cup of boiling water
until thoroughly combined. Turn the hot-water dough out onto a work surface
and knead until fairly smooth, about 5 minutes.









Step 8: In a glass measuring cup, combine 2 cups of room-temperature water
with the saffron and let stand for 5 minutes.



Step 9: In the bowl of a standing electric mixer fitted with the dough hook,
blend the remaining 4 cups of all-purpose flour and 1 cup of bread flour with
the salt. Add the saffron water and beat at medium speed until a smooth dough
forms, about 5 minutes.



Step 10: Add the hot-water dough (made in step 7) and beat at medium speed
until incorporated, about 5 minutes. Turn the dough out onto a work surface
and knead it into a smooth ball. Wrap the dough in plastic and let stand at
room temperature for 30 minutes or refrigerate overnight.



Step 11: To make the filling: In a small bowl, cover the dried mushrooms with
boiling water and soak until softened, about 20 minutes. Drain, squeezing out
any excess liquid; discard the stems.



Step 12: Finely chop the mushroom caps and transfer them to the bowl of a
standing electric mixer fitted with the paddle.



Step 13: Add the ground pork, crab paste, chives, potato starch, sesame oil,
dark and mushroom soy sauces, sugar, ginger, salt and white pepper. Beat at
medium speed until thoroughly combined, about 5 minutes.





Step 14: In a food processor, pulse the jellied chicken stock until finely
chopped; beat into the pork mixture at medium speed until the mixture is light
and fluffy, about 5 minutes.





Step 15: To form and steam the dumplings: Cut the dough into 4 pieces. Working
with one piece at a time and keeping the rest covered, roll the dough into a
1-inch-thick rope.





Step 16: Pinch or cut the rope into 3/4-inch pieces and roll them into balls.
Then, using a small dowel, glass bottle or Chinese-style rolling pin, roll
each piece of dough into a thin 3 1/2-inch round, dusting with flour as
necessary.



  



Step 17: Lightly dust the rounds with flour, transfer to a floured baking
sheet and cover with a damp towel to keep them from drying out. Repeat with
the remaining dough. You should have 4 dozen rounds.



Step 18: Line 2 baking sheets with wax paper and dust lightly with flour.
Working with 1 dough round at a time and keeping the rest covered, spoon a
well-rounded tablespoon of the filling onto the center of the round. Using
your fingers, pinch and pleat the dough around the filling, leaving a tiny
steam vent at the top; transfer to the baking sheet and top with a goji berry,
if using. Repeat with the remaining dough and filling. Freeze uncooked
dumplings on a baking sheet; seal in a plastic bag and freeze for up to 2
weeks. Steam until cooked, 10 minutes.



  



Step 19: Fill a pot with 2 inches of water and bring to a boil. Arrange the
dumplings in a bamboo steamer basket in batches, leaving at least 1 inch
between them. Cover and steam over the boiling water until the dough is shiny
and the filling is soupy, about 5 minutes. Serve right away while you steam
the remaining dumplings.



  



  

Dumplings at Joe's Shanghai in NYC.



Dumplings at Bob's Shanghai 66 in Rockville.









  
  
  


‹ Pasta with Eggplant Pesto up Risotto aux Girolles ›

  * Printer-friendly version

## Add new comment

Your name

Subject

Comment *

CAPTCHA

This question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to
prevent automated spam submissions.

  * Recipes
    * Appetizers
    * Breads
    * Breakfast, Brunch, and Eggs
    * Desserts
    * Drinks
    * Fish and Shellfish
    * Meats and Poultry
    * Pasta and Rice
      * Basic Pasta Dough
      * Braised Beef Short Rib and Caramelized Onion Ravioli with Wild Mushroom Cream Sauce
      * Bucatini all' Amatriciana
      * Butternut Squash Gnocchi With Sage Brown Butter
      * Cannelloni al Forno
      * Dan Dan Noodles
      * Fettuccine al Limone
      * Gnocchi con Ricotta
      * Gnocchi di Patate
      * John Besh's Crawfish Agnolotti with Morels
      * Lasagna Bolognese
      * Lasagna Ricotta e Spinaci
      * Lemon and Eggplant Risotto
      * Linguine Mendiant (Beggar's Linguine) 
      * Linguine con le Vongole
      * Lobster Fra Diavolo
      * Maccheroni alla Chitarra and Bottarga
      * Mario Batali's Black and White Strichetti with Baccala and Marjoram
      * Pansotti Con Salsa di Noci (Pansotti with Walnut Sauce)
      * Pasta alla Carbonara
      * Pasta alla Norma
      * Pasta with Eggplant Pesto
      * Pork and Crab Soup Dumplings (Xiao Long Bao)
      * Risotto aux Girolles
      * Saffron Rice with Chorizo and Shrimp (Arroz con Chorizo y Camarones)
      * Saffron Risotto with Asparagus
      * Shrimp Risotto
      * Sicilian Ricotta Ravioli
      * Sicilian-Style Spaghetti
      * Spaghetti al Pesto Trapanese (Spaghetti with Tomato Almond Pesto)
      * Spaghetti con le Cozze
      * Spicy Black Bean Pasta with Cauliflower and Pine Nuts
      * Spinach and Ricotta Ravioli
      * Spring Vegetable Risotto
      * Squid Ink (Black) Pasta Dough
      * Summer Tomato Risotto
      * Sun-Dried Tomato Fettuccine
      * Sweet Potato Gnocchi with Pancetta, Chanterelles, Walnuts, and Sage
      * The Yao Family's Chinese Pork and Vegetarian Dumplings
      * Trenette con Pesto alla Genovese
      * Veal Agnolotti
      * Wild Mushroom Risotto
      * Ziti with Tuscan-Style Cauliflower
    * Pizza, Flatbreads, and Savory Tarts
    * Sauces
    * Sides and Vegetables
    * Soup, Salads, and Stews

  * Glossary
  * Popular content

cucina.grandinetti.org  
  
Promote Your Page Too

