https://www.coombefarmorganic.co.uk/recipes/181-how-to-devil-kidneys


  * How It Works
  * What's new

Close Search

CLAIM FREE DELIVERY Sign up/Login 0 items __£0.00

Coombe Farm Coombe Farm

Coombe Farm Close

Main menu

  * Browse Shop Browse Shop Browse Shop
    * Organic Meat  Organic Meat 

Organic Meat

      * View all Organic Meat 
      * Organic Beef 
      * Organic Rose Veal 
      * Organic Lamb 
      * Organic Pork 
      * Organic Chicken 
      * Organic Retired Dairy Beef 
      * Organic Venison 
      * Organic Mutton 
      * Organic Duck 
      * Organic Turkey 
      * Organic Goose 
      * Organic Offal 
      * Organic Burgers 
      * Organic Sausages 
      * Nitrate-Free Organic Bacon 
      * Award Winners 
      * Ready To Eat 
      * Everyday Value 

    * Organic Bones & Broth  Organic Bones & Broth 

Organic Bones & Broth

      * View all Organic Bones & Broth 
      * Organic Bone Broth 
      * Organic Bones 

    * Meat Boxes  Meat Boxes 

    * Barbecue  Barbecue 

Barbecue

      * View all Barbecue 
      * Steaks & Joints 
      * Organic Ribs & Wings 
      * Organic Sausages 
      * Organic Burgers 
      * Barbecue Extras 

    * Sustainable Game  Sustainable Game 

Sustainable Game

      * View all Sustainable Game 
      * Wild Pheasant 
      * Wild Pigeon 
      * Wild Partridge 
      * Wild Rabbit 

    * Fish  Fish 

Fish

      * View all Fish 
      * Organic Fish 
      * Sustainably Caught Fish 
      * Tinned Fish 

    * Pies & Pantry  Pies & Pantry 

Pies & Pantry

      * View all Pies & Pantry 
      * Organic Pies & Pasties 
      * Organic Ready 'Real' Meals 
      * Organic Bread 
      * Organic Store Cupboard 
      * Herbs & Spices 
      * Natural Tallow & Fats 

    * Gifts  Gifts 

  * Meat Boxes
  * Our Story Our Story Our Story
    * Our Mission  Our Mission 

    * Our Heritage  Our Heritage 

    * Field to Fork  Field to Fork 

    * Why Organic?  Why Organic? 

    * Our Livestock  Our Livestock 

Our Livestock

      * View all Our Livestock 
      * Organic Beef Cattle 
      * Organic Retired Dairy Cattle 
      * Organic Rose Veal 
      * Organic Sheep 
      * Organic Pigs 
      * Organic Venison 
      * Organic Chickens 
      * Organic Turkey 
      * Organic Ducks 
      * Organic Geese 

    * How We Butcher  How We Butcher 

How We Butcher

      * View all How We Butcher 
      * Our Nose-to-Tail Philosophy 
      * Cuts of Meat 

    * Awards  Awards 

    * Articles  Articles 

Articles

      * View all Articles 
      * Butchery 
      * Farm News 
      * How To's 
      * Interview 
      * Lifestyle 

  * Offers Offers Offers
    * Monthly Offers  Monthly Offers 

    * Meat Boxes  Meat Boxes 

Meat Boxes

      * View all Meat Boxes 
      * All Meat Boxes 
      * Organic Broth Boxes 

    * Competitions  Competitions 

  * How It Works How It Works How It Works
    * How To Order  How To Order 

    * Delivery  Delivery 

    * Click & Collect  Click & Collect 

Click & Collect

      * View all Click & Collect 
      * Click & Collect 
      * How To Find Us 
      * Collection Opening Hours 

    * Why Frozen  Why Frozen 

    * Sustainable Packaging  Sustainable Packaging 

    * Coombe Club Points  Coombe Club Points 

    * FAQs  FAQs 

    * Hire Our Shepherd's Hut  Hire Our Shepherd's Hut 

  * Recipes Recipes Recipes
    * Main Ingredient  Main Ingredient 

Main Ingredient

      * View all Main Ingredient 
      * Turkey 
      * Beef 
      * Pork 
      * Rose Veal 
      * Goat 
      * Lamb 
      * Fish 
      * Game 
      * Bone & Broth 
      * Mutton 
      * Chicken 
      * Duck 
      * Venison 

    * Healthy Recipes  Healthy Recipes 

Healthy Recipes

      * View all Healthy Recipes 
      * Healthy Soups 
      * Healthy Lunches 
      * Quick and Healthy 
      * Healthy Chicken Recipes 
      * Healthy Fish Recipes 

    * Meals & Courses  Meals & Courses 

Meals & Courses

      * View all Meals & Courses 
      * Breakfast 
      * Sunday Roast 

    * Special Occasions  Special Occasions 

Special Occasions

      * View all Special Occasions 
      * Barbecue 
      * Family Favourites 
      * Quick and Easy 
      * Sunday Lunch 
      * Dinner Party 
      * Dinner For Two 
      * Christmas Roast 

  * Contact Us Contact Us Contact Us
    * Contact Us  Contact Us 

    * Wholesale  Wholesale 

    * Bespoke Butchery Service  Bespoke Butchery Service 

My account

  * Sign up/Login

CLAIM FREE DELIVERY

Menu

Search

Login

__Next day delivery UK mainland __5481 reviews 4.71 out 5 rating __Award
winning produce

Back to Recipes

  * Home 
  * Recipes & Articles 
  * Recipes 
  * How to Devil Kidneys 

#  How to Devil Kidneys

The notion of devilled kidneys is one that dates back to the Victorians, who
couldn't get enough of them for breakfast. The devilish element to the dish is
the tangy, spicy sauce that the kidneys are cooked in. It's a quick and easy
way to cook offal and, here Coombe Farm, we love the idea of inheriting
recipes from previous generations, especially ones that combine good, honest
cuts of meat with delicious flavours like traditional Worcestershire sauce.
Devilled lamb's liver was also popular in the 18th and 19th centuries and was
apparently a popular dish to enjoy at your gentleman's club.

#  How to Devil Kidneys

The notion of devilled kidneys is one that dates back to the Victorians, who
couldn't get enough of them for breakfast. The devilish element to the dish is
the tangy, spicy sauce that the kidneys are cooked in. It's a quick and easy
way to cook offal and, here Coombe Farm, we love the idea of inheriting
recipes from previous generations, especially ones that combine good, honest
cuts of meat with delicious flavours like traditional Worcestershire sauce.
Devilled lamb's liver was also popular in the 18th and 19th centuries and was
apparently a popular dish to enjoy at your gentleman's club.

  * Serves: 2
  * Prepare: 5 Minutes
  * Cook: 20 Minutes
  * Difficulty: medium

Method & Ingredients

### Organic Lamb Kidneys

£2.45

View info Add to Basket

### WHO ARE COOMBE FARM ORGANIC?​

We are an organic farm in Somerset producing award-winning pork, beef, lamb
and chicken. Farming organically means that we never use chemicals on our
fields and rely instead on natural methods that are kinder to nature. Organic
farms are home to 30% more species of wildlife and 50% more pollinators as a
result.

### WHAT IS ORGANIC OFFAL?​

As we value every animal we rear, we're big believers in our nose to tail
philosophy - making use of the entire carcass. Cuts like liver, kidney and
heart are packed full of nutritional goodness and flavour, with the added
bonus of being thrifty, too.

### Ingredients

**To make Devilled Kidneys, you 'll need:**

  * lamb's kidneys - 2 per person
  * worcestershire sauce
  * mustard
  * butter
  * cayenne pepper
  * salt and pepper
  * plain flour
  * curry powder, diced onion and tomato puree are optional

### Method

  1. Prepare the kidneys by rinsing them thoroughly in cold water then patting them dry with kitchen paper. Split each kidney in half longways and cut out and discard the white core - we find using scissors to be the easiest way. Cut each half kidney in half again
  2. Put a tablespoon of flour and a pinch each of salt and pepper into a plastic food bag or bowl. Add the kidneys and give them a toss until they're well coated with flour
  3. Add a generous knob of butter to a hot frying pan and let it melt and turn foamy. If you want to add onion, throw some in at this stage, frying it gently for 3 to 4 minutes until it's softening and turning golden
  4. Making sure the butter's foamy, shake any excess flour off the kidneys and add them to the pan. Let them sizzle for a minute or so per side so they start turning deliciously brown
  5. Working quickly, add a dollop of mustard to the pan - how much you use will depend on quite how devilish you want your kidneys to be. If you're using tomato puree, add a squirt at this stage. Follow with about 300ml of boiling water, stirring constantly and letting it bubble with the mustard. Add cayenne pepper, Worcestershire sauce and seasoning to taste
  6. Reduce the heat and simmer the sauce for 12 to 15 minutes, stirring occasionally, until it thickens. Make sure you have a taste, adding more Worcestershire sauce, cayenne or seasoning
  7. Serve immediately on a slice of buttery sourdough toast while the kidney's piping hot
  8. Fan of offal? Why not give our recipe for ox liver pate with balsamic onions a try? 

Share Print

### Other recipe ideas

####  15/05/22 Recipe

###  Rose Veal Liver with Prosciutto & Onion Sauce

With huge nutritional value, rose veal liver also boasts a distinct flavour
and texture

Read More

####  24/10/17 Recipe

###  Ox Liver Paté with Balsamic Onions

As a great starter wow your friends.

Read More

### WHO ARE COOMBE FARM ORGANIC?​

We are an organic farm in Somerset producing award-winning pork, beef, lamb
and chicken. Farming organically means that we never use chemicals on our
fields and rely instead on natural methods that are kinder to nature. Organic
farms are home to 30% more species of wildlife and 50% more pollinators as a
result.

### WHAT IS ORGANIC OFFAL?​

As we value every animal we rear, we're big believers in our nose to tail
philosophy - making use of the entire carcass. Cuts like liver, kidney and
heart are packed full of nutritional goodness and flavour, with the added
bonus of being thrifty, too.

### Frequently asked questions

  * Is your offal organic?

All of our offal is organic, and we value every animal we rear so we're firm
believers in eating head to hoof. This is how our grandparents would have
eaten - making use of every part of the carcass. Unfortunately, as meat has
become an everyday commodity, our collective food culture has lost sight of
the nutritional value and deliciousness of some of the parts not considered
'prime'. Cuts like liver, kidney and heart are packed full of goodness and
flavour and come with the added bonus of being thrifty. Haven't tasted much
offal? Go on, give it try!

  * What kind of meat is offal?

Offal is often cast aside and not considered a 'prime' cut, however at Coombe
Farm Organic we value every animal we rear so we're firm believers in eating
head to hoof. This is how our grandparents would have eaten - making use of
every part of the carcass. Offal cuts include liver, heart, kidneys, and
tongue.

  * Why buy organic offal?

Organic offal includes some of the lesser favoured cuts of meat but cooked
well items like heart, liver, kidney and tallow or lard can be humble
ingredients that make delicious meals. Because all of our offal comes from
organic animals who have been ethically reared to some of the most stringent
standards in the world of farming and food production, with animal welfare a
top priority, you can be assured you are buying organic offal of the highest
quality.

Coombe Farm

About Us  

Our Heritage Why Organic Our Livestock Our Nose-To-Tail Philosophy

How It Works  

Delivery Packaging Why Frozen

FAQsCoombe Club Points

Helpful Links  

Recipes Articles Awards Competitions Press

Wholesale

Bespoke Butchery Service

Work With Us  


Talk to us

Tel - 01460 279509  Email - [email protected]

  *   *   * 

Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy

©2022 Coombe Farm - all rights reserved

