https://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/vegetable-chow-mein


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Recipes & Cooking
  * Drinks
  * Travel
  * Holidays + Events
  * News
  * F&W; Classic
  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Subscribe  Subscribe

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore Food & Wine

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * F&W Cooks

####  F&W; Cooks

Food and Wine presents a new network of food pros delivering the most cookable
recipes and delicious ideas online.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

####  Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

Looking to amp up your beef stew but unsure where to start? A slow cooker can
can take your comfort food to the next level.  Read More

    * 50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

####  50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

We’ve assembled a list of 50 of the world’s most reliable, inexpensive wines –
bottles that offer amazing quality for their price year in and year out.  Read
More

  * Recipes & Cooking

### Recipes & Cooking

See All Recipes & Cooking

    * Chicken
    * Comfort Food
    * Breakfast + Brunch
    * Salads
    * Desserts
    * Vegetables
    * Pasta + Noodles
    * Chefs
    * Meat + Poultry
    * Soup
    * Appetizers
    * Side Dishes
    * Fruits
    * Seafood
    * Special Diets
    * Cooking Techniques
    * Steal This Trick

  * Drinks

### Drinks

See All Drinks

    * Wine
    * Spirits
    * Coffee
    * Juices
    * Beer
    * Champagne + Sparkling Wine
    * Tea

  * Travel

### Travel

See All Travel

    * Wine Regions
    * Restaurants

  * Holidays + Events

### Holidays + Events

See All Holidays + Events

    * Valentine's Day
    * Halloween
    * Passover
    * Hanukkah
    * Christmas
    * Gifts
    * Super Bowl
    * Easter
    * Thanksgiving
    * New Year's Eve
    * Holiday Entertaining

  * News
  * F&W; Classic

### F&W; Classic

See All F&W; Classic

    * F&W; Classic Insider
    * Food & Wine Classic in Aspen

  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Subscribe  this link opens in a new tab

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Vegetable Chow Mein

# Vegetable Chow Mein

Rating: 5 stars

1 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 1 
  * 4 star values: 0 
  * 3 star values: 0 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 1 Rating 
  * 3 Reviews 

Loaded with fresh vegetables and easy to make, this vegetable chow mein recipe
is perfect for a healthy dinner or side dish. **Slideshow:** More Delicious
Chinese Dishes

Todd Porter & Diane Cu

By Todd Porter and Diane Cu

May 2013

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Vegetable Chow Mein

Credit: (C) Todd Porter & Diane Cu

## Recipe Summary

total:

30 mins

Yield:

2 to 3

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * 8 ounces yellow Chinese egg noodles 
  * 2 tablespoons soy sauce 
  * 2 tablespoons oyster sauce 
  * 1 tablespoon hoisin 
  * 1 tablespoon rice vinegar 
  * 1 teaspoon brown sugar 
  * 2 tablespoons water 
  * 2 tablespoons vegetable oil 
  * 4 cloves garlic, minced 
  * 1/2 medium onion, chopped 
  * 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger 
  * 1 medium carrot, julienned 
  * 1/4 pound broccoli florets, cut into one-inch pieces (about 1 1/2 cups) 
  * 1/2 medium bell pepper, seeded and sliced 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Cook the noodles according to the package instructions. Rinse under cold
water, drain and set aside.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

In a medium bowl, combine the soy sauce, oyster sauce, hoisin, rice vinegar,
brown sugar and water. Set aside.

  * Step 3

Heat the oil over high heat. Stir in the garlic, onion, and ginger. Cook for 2
to 3 minutes or until the garlic and onions are soft and fragrant.

  * Step 4

Stir in carrot, broccoli and bell peppers. Cook for 3 to 5 minutes or until
the vegetables are tender.

  * Step 5

Add the noodles and sauce mixture. Toss everything together until combined and
heated through, about 2 minutes. Serve hot.

Advertisement

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews (3)

Add Rating & Review

Sort by:  Newest

Newest Oldest

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 5 stars

11/16/2020

Amazing Recipe,still delicious without broccoli and ginger. Family dubbed me a
chef when I cooked it, definitely a mainstay.

Ami Farrar

Rating: Unrated

06/16/2020

Delicious meal the whole family loved, and very simple and quick to make. I’ve
added this recipe to my stash of favorites to make again.

cheffrancis

Rating: Unrated

06/12/2020

Wow! What a delicious way to eat Chinese noodles I tried it,loved it, All who
tasted of it loved it as much as i did Thank you so much for sharing such a
wonderful recipe

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Vegetable Chow Mein

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Vegetable Chow Mein

##  All Reviews for Vegetable Chow Mein

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Food & Wine

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Books from Food & Wine
  * Contact Us
  * Advertise
  * Content Licensing
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithFood & Wine is part of the Meredith Corporation Allrecipes Food Group.
(C) Copyright 2022 Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Privacy
Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in a new
tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis link
opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Food & Wine. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.foodandwine.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Vegetable Chow Mein

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

