https://simply-delicious-food.com/easy-vegetable-chow-mein/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

Search

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Quick and Easy
    * Dinner Recipes
    * Lunch
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Meat
    * Baking Recipes
    * Dessert Recipes
    * Vegetarian
    * Gluten Free
  * Videos
  * In My Pantry
  * Contact
  * About
    * Privacy Policy
  * Search

Home » Recipes » Vegetarian » Easy vegetable chow mein

# Easy vegetable chow mein

January 31, 2020 by Alida Ryder 8 Comments

__Pin

 __Share

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

 **Saucy noodles stir-fried with pretty much any/all of the vegetables in your
fridge, perfect for slurping and done in less than 20 minutes? Vegetable chow
mein is here to deliver on all of that.**

We all need recipes that we can call on on the days that the kids are
screaming at you from the bath, everyone wants to know what's for dinner
(including you…) and the dog's barking is driving you mad. Recipes that get
dinner on the table in mere minutes. This vegetable chow mein recipe is just
that. And the beauty of it is that you can literally use any vegetables you
have in the fridge. I often make this when I have half a head of broccoli, a
few sad looking mushrooms and a few peppers lying around. Sometimes I add baby
corn, other times a few sugar snaps or mange tout manage to find their way in,
but it's really all about what I have to hand. I always have noodles in the
pantry for quick, throw-together meals and this chow mein is now right up
there with some of our favorite, easy dinner recipes.

## What is chow mein?

Chow mein are stir fried noodles with vegetables. Often chicken, pork or
prawns (shrimp) are added.

## How to make chow mein

Preheat a large wok over high heat. Add a few tablespoons of vegetable oil
then add the mushrooms, peppers, ginger, garlic and chilli. Allow to fry for 5
minutes then add the broccolini, sugar snap peas and corn. Stir-fry for
another 5 minutes. Add the chopped spinach along with the oyster sauce, soy
sauce and sesame oil. Cook until the spinach has wilted then season with lemon
or lime juice. Add the cooked noodles and toss to combine then serve. (Full
recipe is in the recipe card below.)

## Noodle recipes:

  1. **Easy chicken noodle soup recipe**
  2. **Soy honey noodle salad**
  3. **Sesame chicken noodle bowls**
  4. **Easy 20-minute chicken stir fry**

## Easy vegetable chow mein

Quick and easy vegetable chow mein is the perfect 20 minute weeknight meal,
using up all the vegetables you have in your fridge.

4.38 from 32 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Asian, Stir Fry, Vegetarian

Prep Time: 5 minutes

Cook Time: 12 minutes

Total Time: 17 minutes

Servings: 4

Author: Alida Ryder

### Ingredients

  * 3 spring green onions, finely chopped
  * 3 garlic cloves finely chopped
  * 2 teaspoons minced ginger
  * 2 cups mushrooms thinly sliced
  * 1 red pepper de-seeded and thinly sliced
  * 1 yellow pepper de-seeded and thinly sliced
  * 2 cups broccolini halved lengthwise
  * 1 cup sugar snap peas halved lengthwise
  * 10 baby corn halved lengthwise
  * 2 cups baby spinach
  * 2-3 tablespoons soy sauce
  * 2 tablespoons oyster sauce
  * 1 teaspoon sesame oil
  * juice of 1/2 lemon
  * 300 g egg noodles dry weight, cooked and cooled
  * Fresh chopped chillies to serve (optional)

### Instructions

  * In a hot wok, add a splash of vegetable oil then add the spring onion, garlic, ginger, mushrooms and peppers and stir fry for 5 minutes.

  * Add the broccolini, sugar snaps and corn and fry for another 5 minutes until the vegetables are cooked but still firm.

  * Add the baby spinach, soy, oyster sauce and sesame oil then stir fry for another 2 minutes to wilt the spinach.

  * Add the cooked noodles then toss to combine, Season with lemon juice and more soy if necessary and serve.



__Pin

 __Share

Filed Under: Dinner Recipes, Pasta, Recipes, Vegetarian Tagged With: 20 minute
recipe, chow mein, lo mein, stir fry, vegetable chow mein, vegetable noodles,
vegetarian noodles, weeknight dinner, weeknight meal

### Subscribe

Previous Post: « Easy oven baked fries with fry sauce

Next Post: Spicy Chicken Quesadillas »

## Primary Sidebar

Search

Hi! I'm Alida, mom of twins and creator of Simply Delicious. I hope to
encourage a love for cooking by creating fool-proof recipes that are easy and
delicious. Read More…

### Chicken Recipes

## Easy Greek Sheet Pan Chicken with Potatoes

## Easy Baked Chicken Legs

## One pan creamy chicken with bacon and leeks

## Chicken Parmesan Sandwich

## Garam Masala Chicken Schnitzel

## Spinach Pesto Pasta with garlic butter chicken

### Seafood Recipes

## Easy pasta al limone with shrimp

## Creamy Peri-Peri Prawn Pasta

## Grilled garlic butter prawns

## Sticky honey sriracha salmon with coconut rice

### Conversion Chart

### DMCA Protection

Copyright (C) 2022 Simply Delicious on the Foodie Pro Theme Privacy  

