https://www.indianmasalarecipe.com/veg-chowmein-recipe/


__

__ __ __ __

__

  * Home
  * Lunch
  * Snacks
  * Breakfast
  * Dessert
  * Summer Drinks
  * Chutneys

__

Search

__ __ __ __

__

Sign in

Welcome! Log into your account

your username

your password

Forgot your password? Get help

Password recovery

Recover your password

your email

A password will be e-mailed to you.

Indian Masala Recipe

__

  * Home
  * Lunch
  * Snacks
  * Breakfast
  * Dessert
  * Summer Drinks
  * Chutneys

____

Home __Snacks __ Veg Chow Mein Recipe | Chowmein Recipe | How to make Veg...

  * Snacks

# Veg Chow Mein Recipe | Chowmein Recipe | How to make Veg Chowmien

By

Deeksha

\-

December 13, 2021

__0

Veg Chow mein is the Chinese Dish that is a popular snack in India and many
other Southeast Asian Countries. Chowmein is a mixture of two words **Chow**
means stir-fried vegetables and **Mein** means Noodles.

Veg Chow mein recipe is basically fried noodles in a lot of veggies and
sauces. Chowmein is also one of the most loved snacks for birthday parties.
Chowmein is liked by every age group of people especially kids.

  
  
  
  
Here I am going to share a recipe of Veg Chowmein. This recipe is not spicy
but has a delicate delicious flavor. The main thing to keep in mind is that
whenever you make noodles recipe, make sure that the noodles are non-sticky.
Sticky noodles affect the taste of Chowmein in a bad way. These are some
reasons for stickiness in noodles:

  * When you over boiled the noodles, there is increasing the chances of stickiness.
  * If you don't use salt while boiling.
  * You should always put noodles in boiling water. If you put noodles in room temperature water and then boil it, then there are chances of stickiness.
  * If you don't rinse noodles with normal water after boiling.

If you want to prevent stickiness in noodles then you should always keep in
mind these points that will helpful for you in making this non-sticky Chowmein
Recipe.

In this Veg Chowmein Recipe, I am not using any chili sauce or garlic. This
chowmein recipe has mild-flavored which is full of veggies, soy sauce,
vinegar, and some basic spices. But the taste of this **Veg Chowmein** is so
tasty and dainty. You can also use this Chowmein recipe for the making of
spring rolls. I used this same Chowmein in spring rolls because this recipe is
so easy, quick and also gives a delicious flavor to the spring rolls.

  
  
  
  
You can also have this Chowmein with dry or gravy veg Manchurian. You can
easily make Manchurian at your home. Here is Manchurian recipe that you can
prepare with Chowmein.

Check out the other recipes: Pav Bhaji, Samosa, Chole Kulche, Veg Frankie,
Masala Chaap, Spring Rolls, Aloo tikki Chaat, Soya Bhurji Wrap, Hakka Noodles,
Dahi Bhalle Chaat, White Sauce Pasta, Khasta Kachori, Gobi Ke Pakore

This recipe of Chowmein is made up of a few ingredients. Here I am not using
any spicy spices in the Chowmein. We are using a few ingredients that you can
see in the picture below.

Print Recipe

## Veg Chowmein Recipe

How to make Veg Chowmein

Prep Time10 mins

Cook Time10 mins

Total Time20 mins

Course: Snack

Cuisine: Chinese

Author: Deeksha

### Ingredients

  * 200 gram Noodles
  * 1 cup Roughly Chopped Cabbage
  * 1 cup Chopped Spring Onions
  * ½ cup Roughly Chopped Capsicum
  * 1½ tbsp Soy Sauce
  * 1 tbsp Vinegar
  * 1½ tbsp Tomato Ketchup
  * ½ tbsp Sugar
  * ⅓ tbsp salt (as required)

### Instructions

#### How to boil Noodles

  * Heat a vessel and add 5-6 cups of water.

  * Add a pinch of salt in the vessel.

  * When water starts boiling it then adds Noodles into it.

  * Let it boil until the noodles are cooked well.

  * Now, press some noodles with the help of fingers to check the softness of noodles. Don't overcook the noodles. 

  * Once noodles are cooked well then drain it in Colander.

  * Rinse it with water.

  * Now, take oil in the hand and shuffle the noodles with your oily hands. Keep aside boiled noodles in a colander.

#### How to make Veg Chowmein

  * Heat a pan and add 1 tbsp of oil in it.

  * Then add all chopped vegetables in the pan. Mix it.

  * Add ⅓ tbsp of salt in the pan. Mix it.

  * After that add boiled noodles, 1 tbsp of vinegar, 1½ tbsp of Soy Sauce, 1 tbsp of tomato ketchup.

  * Give it a good mix and add a pinch of red chili powder in chowmein.

  * Lastly, add a pinch of sugar in it that gives an amazing flavor in the Chowmein. Mix it for 3-4 minutes.

  * Quick, easy and very delicate delicious flavored Chowmein is now ready to serve.

## How To Make Veg Chowmein Step By Step With Photos:

### How to boil Noodles:

  * Heat a vessel and add 5-6 cups of water.
  * Add a pinch of salt in the vessel.
  * When water starts boiling it then adds Noodles into it.
  * Let it boil until the noodles get cook.
  * Now, press some noodles with the help of fingers to check the softness of noodles. Don't overcook/undercook the noodles.
  * Once noodles are cooked, drain it in Colander.
  * Rinse it with water.
  * Now, take oil in the hand and shuffle the noodles with your oily hands. Keep aside boiled noodles in a colander.

### How to make Veg Chowmein Recipe:

  * Heat a pan and add 1 tbsp of oil in it.
  * Then add all chopped vegetables in the pan. Mix it.
  * Add ⅓ tbsp of salt in the pan. Mix it.
  * After that add boiled noodles, 1 tbsp of vinegar, 1½ tbsp of Soy Sauce, 1 tbsp of tomato ketchup.
  * Give it a good mix and add a pinch of red chili powder in Chowmein.
  * Lastly, add a pinch of sugar in it that gives an amazing flavor in the Chowmein. 
  * Leave the pan on a low-medium flame for 5 minutes.
  * Quick, easy and very delicate delicious flavored Chowmein is now ready to serve.

  
  
  

Previous articleJaggery Rice | Meethe Chawal | How To Make Meethe Chawal

Next articleMaize Flour Halwa | Makki ke Atte Ka Halwa

Deeksha

I am Deeksha, author of this blog. Along with cooking and publishing my
recipes on this blog, I also love painting, watching Netflix and reading
books.

#### RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR

### Gobi Ke Pakode | Cauliflower Pakoda Recipe | Gobhi Pakoda Recipe

### Samosa Recipe | Aloo Samosa Recipe | How To Make Samosa At Home

### Peri Peri Sauce Pasta Recipe | How to Make Peri Peri Sauce Pasta at home

____

### LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Please enter your comment!

Please enter your name here

You have entered an incorrect email address!

Please enter your email address here

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

#### Recent Posts

  * Gobi Ke Pakode | Cauliflower Pakoda Recipe | Gobhi Pakoda Recipe
  * Samosa Recipe | Aloo Samosa Recipe | How To Make Samosa At Home
  * Green Chutney Recipe | How To Make Dhania (Coriander) Chutney
  * Peri Peri Sauce Pasta Recipe | How to Make Peri Peri Sauce Pasta at home
  * Dabeli Recipe | Kutchi Dabeli Recipe
  * Seviyan Kheer Recipe | Vermicelli Kheer Recipe
  * Veg Frankie Recipe| How to make Veg Frankie Recipe At Home
  * Momos Chutney Recipe | How to Make Momos Chutney at Home
  * Veg Cheese Sandwich Recipe | Quick Sandwich Recipe
  * Rassedar Aloo Poori Recipe | Aloo Poori Recipe

  * Breakfast
  * Chutneys
  * Dessert
  * Dinner
  * Lunch
  * Navratri Special
  * Side Dish
  * Snacks
  * Summer Drinks
  * Sweets

__ __ __ __

  * Contact Us
  * About us
  * Terms & Condition

(C) All Content including Images, Text & Videos Copyrighted By Indian Masala
Recipe 2021.

