https://www.carveyourcraving.com/stir-fry-paneer-veggies-in-teriyaki-sauce/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

# Carve Your Craving

Vegetarian and Vegan easy recipes on a budget. Learn how to cook healthy meals
at home that saves money.

  * home
  * Recipes
    * Instant Pot / Pressure Cooker
    * Bakers Lounge
      * cakes/ cupcakes/ cookies
      * Frosting / Icing
      * breads
      * other bakes
    * Indian Platter
      * Starters
      * Curries & Vegetables
      * breads / rice
      * Chat
      * South Indian
    * International Cuisine
      * Appetizers
      * Pasta / Noodles /Rice
      * Other Entrees
    * Accompaniments
      * soups
      * salads
      * Dips & Dressings
    * Breakfast & Mid-Day Snacks
    * Desserts / Ice creams / Sweets
    * Fusion
    * Beverages / drinks
    * microwave
  * How To
  * Tips and tricks
  * about
  * Contact Page
  * Mentions
  * Reader's success stories
  * Privacy Policy

Home » International Cuisine » Other Entrees » Stir Fry paneer & veggies in
teriyaki sauce

# Stir Fry paneer & veggies in teriyaki sauce

By Khushboo 16 Comments August 30, 2015 September 4, 2018

118 shares

  * Pin48
  * Share70
  * Tweet
  * Reddit
  * WhatsApp
  * Email

Jump to the recipe

Stir Fry is my favorite pick when it comes to quick yet and healthy dinners.
It takes less than 30 mins to put up this wholesome meal. So this time it was
Stir Fry paneer & veggies in teriyaki sauce with a side of steamed rice . We
have very few vegetarian chinese or japanese food options available here in
the restaurants. Making  Stir fry at home means endless vegetarian options of
ingredients or sauces. It is so much quicker than getting a Chinese / japanese
takeout and it's totally customizable . You can add as less or as many
ingredients - choice is yours. Home made teriyaki sauce isn't difficult to
whip up either and so easy to make changes to suit your taste.  Imagine your
family readily eating so many veggies in one go , it's so satisfying.

Summers are still on and we have sunlight till 8.30 pm. A longer day calls for
more activities outside the house. So who wants to stay home ad make elaborate
dinners.. not me. We head out every evening and make the most of this weather.
My son loves his park time and doesn't want to come home before dusk . By the
time we return its past dinner time - yes now a days we are having late
dinners which isn't good. But this weather wont last longer so making most of
it. I am sharing few pictures of a nearby park which is by the lake. We love
to spend our evenings here - it's absolutely serene and beautiful. Along with
a children's play area it has a beautiful lake and a boardwalk . I can spend
my entire day gazing at the waters, it's so calming.

 Summers will end soon and I don't even want to  think about fall. Winters in
Seattle are really gloomy . It rains all the time and I actually doubt if the
sun even rises -  yes it's that gloomy and dark most of the times.

I am such a chatterbox , always loose track and go off topic. Coming back to
food - stir fry's are super easy to put up if you work smartly .

Chopping veggies doesn't take a lot of time may be 10 mins maximum , but say
you are really in a hurry then just chop them beforehand - like a day in
advance is fine. Place it in the in a ziplock bag or air tight containers in
the refrigerator 1-2 days before you intend to prepare the stir fry . So the
following was the composition. Adding sweet corn and zucchini was a last
minute decision .

Now lets talk about the sauce.

Teriyaki sauce is used a lot in asian cooking . If you aren't familiar with it
let me brief you up here.

{TERI means shine given by sugar content and Yaki means grilling or broiling -
this is courtesy Wikipedia }

### How does it taste?

It tastes  sweet due do the addition of sugar and tad tart beacause of soy
sauce and vinegar and not at all spicy , but spices can be added if desired.

### Serving suggestions

Teriyaki sauce is extremely versatile and can be added to stir fry's, drizzled
on steamed rice, noodles, simply use it for dipping or even marinating
purposes. It makes everything so flavorful. By the way I love sushi with a
side of teriyaki.

### What different are we doing here

Well traditionally teriyaki sauce is made with addition of sake or mirin which
are rice wines  and some countries make it using other wines too. But we are a
alcohol free family and my son eats what we eat , so we will skip the wine
here and add a little bit of spice too. Originally brown sugar is used but now
a days I am hooked to using dates/khajoor  in about anything .Dates are packed
with health benefits and are a good source of vitamin, minerals and fiber . My
second pick would be brown sugar/ sugar in raw and third pick would be honey.

Cornflour is used to thicken the sauce but I am using rice flour .

### Why not get it from the store and call it a day

I make Stir fry's  many ways depending on my mood and use different sauces
every time. Now it's not possible for me to stock up each and every sauce
available in the supermarket  plus its so darn simple to make your own one .
All it takes is mixing few ingredients and 2-3 minutes and your sauce is ready
, and not to forget the personal touch you give to your cooking while making
goodies at home.

 Sounds super simple - trust me it is .

Best part of this stir fry is 'paneer' , and this addition can only happen if
you make it at home.

You can easily veganize this stir fry easily by simply replacing paneer with
firm tofu .

### Serving suggestions

With steamed brown or white rice or steamed or lightly tossed noodles



### Highlights

quick and easy

delicious

wholesome

Hope you love it as much as we do.

Do give it a try and send your clicks so that I can feature it in readers
success section on my facebook page carveyourcraving.

Happy cooking.

Liked this recipe?Do give it a star rating in the comments !

Print recipe

4.08 from 14 votes

## Stir Fry paneer & veggies in teriyaki sauce

Quick and Easy recipe to put up a great week night dinner for your family or
enjoy it for lunch with a side of steamed rice or noodles.

Course Stir fry / rice / noodles

Cuisine Asian

Prep Time 10 minutes

Cook Time 10 minutes

Total Time 20 minutes

Adjustable Servings -4 servings

Author Khushboo

### Ingredients

  * For teriyaki sauce
  * ½ cup soy sauce
  * ½ cup water divided
  * 1 tablespoon dates/ khajoor paste or brown sugar or white sugar or honey*
  * 2 tablespoon rice vinegar generally mirin is used which is rice wine vinegar
  * 1 teaspoon grated ginger
  * 1 teaspoon grated garlic optional
  * 1 teaspoon chili sauce sriracha
  * Dash of black pepper
  * 1 tablespoon rice flour *
  * for the stir fry part
  * 2 tablespoon oil
  * 11/2 cups of assorted diced / chopped veggies
  * i have used celery carrots, spring onions, sweet corn , zucchini, broccoli
  * 1 tsp chopped fresh garlic
  * 1/2 cup cubed paneer / firm pressed tofu
  * 2 teaspoon green/ red chili sauce adjust to your spice level

### Instructions

  *  **for the sauce**

  *   * In a saucepan mix everything above except ¼ cup water and rice flour. Bring the mixture to a simmer.

  * Meanwhile mix the rice flour/ cornflour and water to form a paste. Once the mixture comes to a boil add the paste and stir it till it thickens up and coats the spoon well. Taste test. Make adjustments if needed.

  *  It's  done.

  *  **For stir fry **

  * Heat oil in the skillet on medium heat

  * Once the oil is heated, Add chopped garlic and saute it for 10 seconds .

  * Add the broccoli and carrots , saute for 1 minute

  * add in other veggies except green part of spring onions. Saute it for 1 minute .

  * Add chilly sauce.

  * Add the teriyaki sauce .

  * Add salt if needed - be careful as the sauce has salt.

  * Increase the heat/ flame on medium high

  * Give a quick mix and cook until a simmer.

  * Add water if the sauce is very thick . It will thicken more upon cooling.

  * Taste test

  * garnish with green part of spring onions

  * serve hot with a side of steamed rice or noodles.

### Notes

Stir fry's are done on high flame so keep an eye on your veggies and don't
overcook or burn them .  
generally corn flour is used to thicken the sauce but I have used rice flour  
I have used dates instead of sugar or honey.  
You can use as many veggies of your choice for stir fry .  
The above recipe is very flavorful and close to authentic one. I love to use
healthy ingredients as much as possible because there is no right or wrong
about cooking.  
Teriyaki sauce can be prepared before hand and stored in the fridge up to a
week.  
If you are making sauce at the time of making stir fry then don't cook it
separately . Just whisk the entire sauce mixture in a bowl and add it after
you saute the veggies.

Tried this recipe?Click photo & send it @carveyourcraving or tag
#carveyourcraving on Facebook or Instagram to be featured!





###  

### _Some more recipes like this below -_

« triple chocolate kalakand

Best Eggless chocolate cake /cupcakes »

118 shares

  * Pin48
  * Share70
  * Tweet
  * Reddit
  * WhatsApp
  * Email

Filed Under: All Recipes, Other Entrees, Pasta / Noodles /Rice Tagged With:
asian, chinese, japanese, paneer, stir fryAugust 30, 2015

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. SoNi

March 20, 2016 at 4:42 pm

Hi Khushboo!  
Can this recipe be made Jain? Also, please share the recipe of Thai basil
fried rice and basil tofu stir fry using a spicy basil sauce please! With Jain
options please! Love your reads, they are so informative!  
TIA

Reply

    * khushboo kothari

March 20, 2016 at 10:05 pm

Yes you can .Do add celery if available .Just skip garlic and onion. And your
request is noted , will post soon.

Reply

  2. Tina

March 05, 2016 at 8:41 am

I tried this today and it really came out perfect. Thanks a ton for the lovely
recipes

Reply

    * khushboo kothari

March 05, 2016 at 8:32 pm

Glad to know this Tina 🙂 Welcome !!

Reply

  3. Hemali

January 09, 2016 at 1:10 pm

  
It came out delicious. Very simple and quick recipe!! Thanks!

Reply

    * khushboo kothari

January 09, 2016 at 1:21 pm

That's awesome , thanks for a lovely feedback.

Reply

  4. Anonymous

October 13, 2015 at 6:09 pm

Can you please tell whichSoy sauce and chilli sauce ( or post a picture of the
bottles ) did you use for this recipe? Thanks

Reply

    * khushboo kothari

October 14, 2015 at 10:00 am

I have used chings dark soy sauce and green chilly sauce for this recipe .
These sauces are pretty standard , use any brand . Red chilly sauce is fine
too

Reply

  5. Shravani

September 23, 2015 at 9:51 am

  
It was really quick and easy . Tasted fabulous . Thanks

Reply

    * khushboo kothari

September 23, 2015 at 9:55 am

Great. Welcome 🙂

Reply

  6. Deepty Mundhra

September 18, 2015 at 12:53 am

  
Super one khushboo!!! I just love the way to infuse homely local stuff in
exotic cooking makes things so simpler!!! An ardent follower of your bakes and
cooking!! Keep writing and let's us keep following you!! 🙂

Reply

    * Deepty Mundhra

September 18, 2015 at 12:55 am

Oops I probably by mistake rated this recipe!!! Sometime the disadvantages of
using touch phone;)

Reply

      * khushboo kothari

September 18, 2015 at 1:55 pm

its ok Deepty you can re rate it

    * khushboo kothari

September 18, 2015 at 1:53 pm

Thanks Deepty .Glad you like being here.

Reply

  7. Siddhi

September 01, 2015 at 5:07 pm

Yum n quick  
Excellent presentation

Reply

    * khushboo kothari

September 02, 2015 at 12:17 pm

thanks a lot siddhi dear

Reply

### comments and suggestions are welcome Cancel reply

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### Meet Khushboo!!

Hi , welcome to carveyourcraving. My blog is all about easy to make delicious
meals with a twist. Read More…

### Let's connect here!

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

## Never miss a new recipe! Subscribe here.

I agree to receive email recipes.

Submit

### Popular recipes on the blog!

Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website,
you agree to their use.  
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:  Cookie Policy

### Most shared and loved by you!

### Instant Pot detox soup | Vegetable Lentil Quinoa soup diet

Shares: 38992

### zero oil chickpeas pesto pasta salad

Shares: 35524

### 3 ingredient killer vegan burger sauce

Shares: 224940

### cream cheese frosting for piping and decorating cakes/ cupcakes

Shares: 33272

### Vegan Mongolian noodles and veggies stir fry in spicy soy ginger sauce

Shares: 119513

## Footer

Copyright (C) 2022 -2021 carveyourcraving.com



##

##

Loading Comments...



Write a Comment...

Email (Required) Name (Required) Website

###

