https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/9011/simple-lemon-herb-chicken/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Meat and Poultry
  4. Chicken
  5. Breast
  6. Pan-Fried
  7. Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

# Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.3

314 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 161 
  * 4 star values: 105 
  * 3 star values: 36 
  * 2 star values: 12 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 314 Ratings 
  * 206 Reviews 
  * 23 Photos 

This is a simple, quick and delicious dish. All you need are a few spices and,
of course, the chicken! The amount of spices are completely up to you. You can
add more or less according to your taste. Enjoy!

Recipe by Carolyn Stilwell

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Read the full recipe after the video.

Add Photo

Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken thatkiragirl

Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken Cristina Hyman

Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken Ainatul Mardhiah

Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken Eric Torres

\+ 19 19 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

10 mins

cook:

15 mins

total:

25 mins

Servings:

2

Yield:

2 servings

Nutrition Info

Two white plates of pan-fried chicken breasts and spaghetti noodles garnished
with lemon slices and parsley

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

2

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 2 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 2 (5 ounce) skinless, boneless chicken breast halves 
  * 1 medium lemon 
  * salt and ground black pepper to taste 
  * 1 tablespoon olive oil 
  * 1 pinch dried oregano 
  * 2 sprigs fresh parsley, for garnish 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Cut lemon in half, and squeeze juice from 1/2 lemon on chicken. Season with
salt to taste. Let sit while you heat oil in a small skillet over medium low
heat.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

When oil is hot, put chicken in skillet. As you saute chicken, add juice from
other 1/2 lemon, pepper to taste, and oregano. Saute for 5 to 10 minutes each
side, or until juices run clear. Serve with parsley for garnish.

I Made It  Print

##  Editor's Note:

Please note the differences in ingredient amounts, yield, and method when
using the magazine version of this recipe.

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

212 calories; protein 28.8g; carbohydrates 7.9g; fat 8.6g; cholesterol 68.4mg;
sodium 94.2mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (206)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Spice It Up

Rating: 5 stars

12/05/2005

Yum!! I pounnded the chicken to an even thickness (which should be included in
the recipe for those that follow recipes exactly). I did not add oregano or
parsley, but did add very small amounts of the following to each side of the
chicken: rosemary blend, garlic powder, and crushed red pepper flakes (along
with the lemon juice, salt & pepper). I let it sit for about 10 minutes while
I cooked wild rice and heated the olive oil in the pan for a minute. Then
proceeded to cook the chicken. After I turned the chicken to cook the other
side I started to steam broccoli. Everything was done at the same time and I
had a nice quick hot lunch today. Excellent lemon flavor. Will serve again and
try it out on the family.

Read More

Helpful (303)

### Most helpful critical review

CM

Rating: 3 stars

02/03/2006

This one was a bit plain for my taste. But definite plus is the time it takes
up to prepare (perfect for a quick lunch fix). Plus, as other user suggested,
I think this meat would be good in a salad.

Read More

Helpful (15)

314 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 161 
  * 4 star values: 105 
  * 3 star values: 36 
  * 2 star values: 12 
  * 1 star values: 0 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Spice It Up

Rating: 5 stars

12/05/2005

Yum!! I pounnded the chicken to an even thickness (which should be included in
the recipe for those that follow recipes exactly). I did not add oregano or
parsley, but did add very small amounts of the following to each side of the
chicken: rosemary blend, garlic powder, and crushed red pepper flakes (along
with the lemon juice, salt & pepper). I let it sit for about 10 minutes while
I cooked wild rice and heated the olive oil in the pan for a minute. Then
proceeded to cook the chicken. After I turned the chicken to cook the other
side I started to steam broccoli. Everything was done at the same time and I
had a nice quick hot lunch today. Excellent lemon flavor. Will serve again and
try it out on the family.

Martha Taylor

Rating: 5 stars

05/15/2005

This is a awesome recipe. My family just loved it. I altered the recipe a
little bit by adding some garlic to it. Mmmmm.

Navy_Mommy

Rating: 4 stars

12/03/2003

This was good, but I didn't find the oregano really added anything to the
recipe. I did add a little chicken broth towards the end of cooking that I
reduced to make a sauce.

Gia

Rating: 5 stars

09/30/2004

I pounded and marinated my chicken for over 30 minutes, then "jelly-rolled" it
with stovetop stuffing in the center, tied with string and sauted... then made
a gravy with the bits in the pan... soOoOo good.

Salsera713

Rating: 4 stars

08/19/2007

This was quite nice. I added minced garlic to the oil prior to adding the
chicken and, based off another review, also added crushed red pepper flakes to
the chicken along with the oregano. I served this with garlic and olive oil
couscous. A tasty, simple meal.

christinatinaxo

Rating: 5 stars

04/07/2012

Sooooooo good! This recipe is so delicious and easy to make. I loved it! :)

kelly1097

Rating: 4 stars

03/14/2007

This was good and easy. I used about 1/2 a lemon and added garlic powder,
lemon pepper and basil. I also cut the chicken into strips and served with egg
noodles and roasted vegetables. Yummy!

naples34102

Rating: 4 stars

04/22/2010

Simple but elegant, delicious and easy. Versatile too, in that if oregano
doesn't appeal to you there are endless other possibilities for seasonings. I
prepared this using fresh oregano and adding fresh minced garlic and I know
I'd love this with dill too.

TTV78

Rating: 5 stars

12/07/2010

This is a fast, flavorful, & fabulous way to cook chicken for a quick go-to
dinner. With the lemon tree in the backyard, I'm always keen on recipes with
fresh lemon. We like to use other herbs in place of the oregano to change it
up, too. Thyme is an excellent option. Slices of this delicious chicken on top
of a fresh salad w/ choice of dressing is always a hit at our table for two.
Thanks for sharing the recipe! :)

CM

Rating: 3 stars

02/03/2006

This one was a bit plain for my taste. But definite plus is the time it takes
up to prepare (perfect for a quick lunch fix). Plus, as other user suggested,
I think this meat would be good in a salad.

Karen Weber

Rating: 5 stars

02/10/2011

This was so good! I didn't have any oregano so I used rosemary. My family
loved it! Will definitely make again.

Jean Shinkle

Rating: 5 stars

12/05/2010

Made a few changes like adding fresh garlic to the oil, crushed red pepper,
garlic salt, fresh basil, and parsley. At the end added some chicken broth and
covered until finished.

SULLIVANBZ

Rating: 5 stars

03/14/2006

Loved this recipe for its simplicity and flavor. Not overwhelming, but pure
and subtle. In addition, any leftover chicken makes an AMAZING chicken salad.
I added a little mayonaise and some lemon-pepper seasoning. Delicious. I am
adding this one to my list of favorites!!!

CARRIE718

Rating: 4 stars

11/09/2002

This was really great, simple and quick. I would definitely make this again.

AL524

Rating: 5 stars

02/02/2004

This was very good and VERY easy too! My husband and I are big fans of Chicken
Francese, and this tasted a lot like it (without the breaded coating), and is
a lot less fattening I am sure. I will definitely make this again.

Raoulysgirl

Rating: 5 stars

08/12/2009

This was absolutely wonderful! My family INHALED it! I added garlic (quite a
bit) but otherwise kept the recipe the same. The lemon flavor was perfect. I
can imagine that if not made with fresh lemon juice, the flavor would be
strong and acrid. I strongly recommend that you DON'T use the bottled stuff on
this one. I served with rice and asparagus. Definitely a meal I will repeat.
Thanks!!!

Kristin

Rating: 5 stars

09/07/2009

I fixed this recipe for my husband and his friends and they couldnt get
enough..I pounded the chicken and used fresh lemon along with Rosemary,
Oregano, garlic powder, lemon pepper and salt, and it made for a wonderful
mixture! I served it with wild rice and a ceasar salad.. will definately fix
again!

kristy

Rating: 5 stars

09/21/2011

I made this recipe when my husband was on one of his health kicks. It was very
good and such a nice change of pace from regular baked chicken.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

05/23/2000

your whole family will love this, serve with your families favorite fresh
veggies

bph2

Rating: 2 stars

10/25/2011

Truth is in the title. This is pretty simple.

Rebecca Lee

Rating: 5 stars

10/06/2009

This is the most juicy tasting chicken I have ever had. Thank you so very much
as I have passed it on to everyone I know!

Suzanne Wallace Samu

Rating: 5 stars

08/11/2011

Loved this dish!! Was very easy to make. I did add some garlic, like others
said, to the oil before adding the chicken and it made a big difference. My
family really enjoyed this one. Will definitely be making this one again!!
Thanks!

mamanunez

Rating: 5 stars

07/31/2005

Very good. I love the tang the lemon gives it. Next time I will use 2 lemons
instead of 1. Went very good with broccoli and cheesy mashed potatoes.

vam1108

Rating: 4 stars

03/15/2006

This was an excellent dish... i am a novice cook so it was just so simple to
prepare and cook. I served it with a side of fettucini alfredo complemented it
wonderful

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

10/19/2009

Loved it! Easy, simple and light! I used the pan drippings to make a yummy
lemony gravy. Served with mashed potatoes. I'll be making this one again - for
sure!

Jackie R.

Rating: 3 stars

01/13/2007

It was a little bland. I would suggest maybe marinating it in the lemon juice
and seasonings for a little while. That might bring out a little more flavor.
???

Diane

Rating: 5 stars

12/20/2005

Excellent and Easy. I use bottled lemon juice, which is less "lemon-y" I
think. I added twice the oregano and lots of pepper. Yum.

Fashionating

Rating: 5 stars

03/12/2011

My kids asked for more and told me to definitely make this again!

Mandi B.

Rating: 4 stars

02/05/2006

It was very simple and very tasty. I will definitely make this again!

Denisse2090

Rating: 4 stars

04/15/2009

I squeezed a lemon on top, added olive oil and used packet of "Spice Blends-
Lemon, Basil, Thyme". Then I cooked it in the conventional oven for 35 min and
broiled it for 10 min. I overbroiled it but even so it was delicious!! Maybe 5
min only in the broiler.

Lillith32

Rating: 4 stars

12/20/2008

Since I usually cannot leave good enough alone, I fudged with the recipie. I
did not have lemons, so I added a lime instead, and added some less-sodium soy
sauce. After the chicken was done, I shredded the breasts, threw them back in
the frying pan with half a cup of veggie stir fry mix and half a cup of cooked
wild rice mix. Yum.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

11/26/2003

This was very tasty! I marinated it for 30min with a 1/4 lemon juice instead,
along with some rosemary, garlic and basil. Then hubby grilled it. MMMMM yummy
with a nice salad!!

rachee5

Rating: 4 stars

02/02/2006

This is so easy and delicious! I made it twice in one week, once for my
boyfriend and once for my dad and both really liked it. The 2nd time I made
it, I didn't have oregano so I used Italian Seasoning... tasted pretty much
the same.

jnicole

Rating: 5 stars

11/15/2010

Easy to make, delicious AND healthy to boot! Can't lose combination.

mominml

Rating: 5 stars

07/10/2011

Absolutely delicious!!! Instead of using chicken breast halves, I cut my
chicken breasts into strips and then cooked them with the lemon juice and
spices in my non-stick skillet. I served the strips over lemon orzo, also from
this site, and it was a fabulous meal!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

02/10/2002

I found this recipe simple and quick to prepare, and very nice!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

10/11/2002

ez and good. i used chicken tenders and it came out great! thanks for the
recipe!

Miss Abbie

Rating: 5 stars

09/11/2014

This is DELICIOUS! I changed it a little, chopped up some garlic and sauteed
it in the oil before cooking the chicken and everyone loved it!

Mame Johnston

Rating: 5 stars

11/26/2003

This recipe is delicious and so very easy. The lemon juice tenderizes the
chicken and makes it heavenly to the palate. Enjoy.

teta76

Rating: 3 stars

08/12/2007

This chicken is very simple to make. I added a small onion, garlic
powder,black pepper and olive oil to the marinade and it made all the
difference.

AMY1723

Rating: 5 stars

10/15/2003

Positively SUPERB! The only alterations I made were to use lemon pepper stead
of just salt and pepper and I added capers. I think the capers are a great
addition. I will make this every week!

LynnandRoyce Gore

Rating: 3 stars

04/02/2002

This chicken had a bit too much lemon for my likng. If I do it again I will
experiment with a variety of herbs or maybe fresh ground peppercorn. My teen
daughter loved it though.

Fanciful Unicorn

Rating: 5 stars

07/14/2011

This is so simple and delicious! I cut my chicken breasts into strips for this
but otherwise follow the recipe and love it. I always make extra for salad the
next day because it is great that way too!

Hannah Weeks

Rating: 5 stars

03/31/2010

Very simple, yummy pan-seared chicken. Moist, great with rice or potatoes and
green beans with lemon pepper. Add garlic.

vv

Rating: 3 stars

07/10/2006

only okay.

Marty Courtney

Rating: 5 stars

09/08/2009

Caution: The sodium content is wrong if you add any salt at all!!!! This is
for the recipe ingredients only. Use Nu-Salt substitute instead and this is
F-A-B-U-L-O-U-S!

Kim Spencer DeRoest

Rating: 4 stars

12/22/2012

This was really good. I followed the directions but added minced garlic to the
pan while browning the chicken for more flavor. The drippings made a thin
sauce to pour over rice. Yum!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

03/10/2006

Super easy and tastes great! Perfect for a novice like me.

Aubry_Rambaud

Rating: 5 stars

08/14/2010

I LOVE this one! I use lime sometimes if I feel like switching it up. This
chicken is VERY moist and juicy, I've used this recipe 5-6 times already :)

bbglo

Rating: 5 stars

11/28/2011

Simple and delicious! I added garlic to the oil as suggested and used thin cut
chicken breasts (sauted for 2-3 minutes each side). They turned out moist and
juicy. This is definitely a keeper!

DebS

Rating: 4 stars

09/23/2012

Lovely lemon chicken recipe and perfect for a quick evening meal. Couldn't
taste the oregano but it didn't matter as the salt/lemon flavor was enough. I
served it with a paprika-spiced potato side and green veg. and it worked
wonderfully.

Canfern

Rating: 3 stars

12/06/2005

This recipe was good, although the kids did not really like it. They said it
was "too-lemony". I really would cut back on the lemon, maybe just using the
lemons as a marinade, instead of also adding it while the chicken cooks. The
only thing I did different was instead of whole chicken breasts, I used
chicken strips. I think I will use them for the top of a salad, as someone
else suggested.

PURPLYFISH

Rating: 5 stars

08/21/2003

Thank You for sharing this recipe! I was looking for a low fat tasty recipe to
cook for dinner with what ingredients I had on hand at the time. I improvised
by adding garlic and using some rock salt, oh and I also used chicken breast
tenders. I first browned some chopped garlic in olive oil and then added
chicken and then sprinkled with hawaiian rock salt and oregano and added lemon
juice after chicken was almost done cooking ! Excellent recipe!

Thunderella

Rating: 5 stars

08/26/2011

Yummy! So simple, yet so good. I've made it 2 times within a week!

terry040

Rating: 2 stars

11/21/2010

My husband and I tried this recipe... we didn't like it at all. Looks like
others do though, so maybe we're a little odd!

Isca

Rating: 5 stars

08/19/2011

Wonderful. Would make again for sure, but I used a lot more lemon. I would
like to try it with fresh herbs instead of dried as well.

Sharyn

Rating: 4 stars

02/08/2011

A quick and simple, tasty, affordable weeknight meal. A girl can't have too
many of those. Thank you!

Litegal1

Rating: 4 stars

07/29/2010

On it's own, I really didn't care for this. As others had mentioned, the lemon
was a tad overpowering. BUT: when served with a nice wild rice pilaf, it
became sublime. The lemon from the chicken enhanced the rice, while the nutty
flavor of rice mellowed out the flavor of the lemon chicken. Together, they
were fantastic. Will make again and thank you for recipe.

18alexis18

Rating: 5 stars

03/06/2013

I tried this recipe last night with my picky eater of a husband...It got rave
reviews!!! We both enjoyed this A LOT!! I pounded the chicken (as I do with
most chicken recipes - more even cook). I added the orginal Mrs Dash to the
oil and oregano as the oil heated up only seasoning the chicken with salt and
lemon juice. I was concerned the lemon juice would be overpowering, but it
wasn't. I served it with a salad and box pasta roni.

KLIZON

Rating: 5 stars

09/15/2008

This was awesome, and pretty easy and quick to make!! As i work 12 hour
shifts, i'm often looking for 'quickie' type recipes, and this one is perfect.
The only thing i did, was added some lemon pepper to the mix... lot's of it,
as our family loves the mix of spice and sour.... Thanks for the recipe!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

11/07/2005

a tasty and healthy dish as the recipe calls for chicken breast and only small
amount of oil is required. I marinated the chicken for 30 mins with lemon
juice, pepper, salt and dried oregano. Will try to add red pepper flakes to
give the dish an extra zest the next time.

merhope1011

Rating: 5 stars

07/20/2009

Oh my gosh - this is one of our favorite chicken recipes! I pound out the
chicken breast so that it's thinner and even so it cooks more quickly (we're
ALWAYS in a hurry!). I use bottled lemon juice just because I never remember
to grab fresh lemons at the store, and the juice keeps for quite a long time
in the fridge. I just drizzle it over the top and let it set while I do some
risotto and steam veggies. Then I flip it and drizzle it on the other side,
and sprinkle it with salt and pepper and oregano on that side before it goes
into the pan. Then that side goes down in the pan, sprinkle the other side the
same way, and put the lid on - this helps keep the chicken really moist.
Thanks for the great recipe!!

cbelville

Rating: 3 stars

04/05/2006

This was just ok for me. I thought it was a little bland.

Jordan Pinet

Rating: 3 stars

10/08/2014

It was ok, but the noodles didn't seem to be very good with the olive oil mix
poured over it after cooking the chicken.

VOLKSGIRL64

Rating: 4 stars

12/02/2005

I made this last night and followed some of the other reviewer's advice and
made a marinade of lemon juice, lemon pepper, garlic and oregano. It sat for
about 20 mins and I cooked it, occasionally pouring the marinade over it as it
cooked. It was VERY lemony. I didn't mind it, but the boyfriend wouldn't even
eat it. I did save the left overs to put on a salad I think.

MLEDOE

Rating: 4 stars

08/02/2006

Simply delicious and so easy to make! The chicken was very flavorful and
really moist. I will definitely make again and again!

spectralite

Rating: 5 stars

01/06/2011

simple and quick. My family enjoyed it.

JCpastorswife

Rating: 5 stars

08/24/2010

Delicious and soooo easy!

merlion

Rating: 4 stars

06/08/2011

Very simple to put together and tasty. Something to cook when you run out of
ideas... and food in the pantry!

possum419

Rating: 4 stars

08/09/2006

this recipe really was simple! i added some garlic to it to give it a kick and
used dried basil, which is what i had on hand. i definitely recommend a side
dish with more depth of flavor, like a risotto or garlic mash with butter to
offset the slight bitter flavor of the chicken. going to try this with
fish/shrimp next time!

April Heeler

Rating: 5 stars

10/31/2007

This was delicious. I didn't have fresh lemons so I used bottled lemon juice.
I was pleasantly surprised at how flavorful and moist it was--even my picky
teenager liked it. And it was so easy and quick! Great for a nutritious,
balanced meal after a long day at work.

mikita

Rating: 4 stars

08/31/2005

pretty good/better than average - very easy - very juicy!!!! only it didn't
state how much oil or at what temperature.

Miss Rachel

Rating: 3 stars

07/07/2007

It was alright, instead of using just oregano I used italian seasoning, which
has oregano in it. It had to sweet of a flavor for my likes, not a bad recipe,
just not my cup of tea.

CrystalGayle

Rating: 4 stars

05/08/2004

Simple is definitely true. If you want a real strong lemon taste I recommend
double the lemon and add a few sprinkles of lemon-pepper seasoning. The
chicken stayed juicy and very tasty! Thanks!

Mavis Greene Tobin

Rating: 5 stars

09/11/2007

This is simply delicious! The chicken was very tender and moist and had a
wonderful flavor from the lemon juice. Very very good. Just sprinkled Italian
herbs and a little garlic pepper for the seasoning. I can't wait to make it
again!

shanamadela731

Rating: 4 stars

02/07/2009

It was excellent! Though I added Thyme, used RealLemon Juice as well as a
splash of lime juice and 'marinated' for about 2 hours.

SarahMc

Rating: 3 stars

05/24/2012

This was quick and easy, required only a few ingredients which is always a
plus. It is nothing too awfully snazzy but I would make it again.

HHGILLIS

Rating: 5 stars

03/21/2004

Very simple to prepare and tastes good. Served over white rice.

Chelsey Wolnowski

Rating: 4 stars

05/22/2006

Added some garlic, and used italian seasoning and well as a little dill.
Worked realyl well. Nice and juicy and flavourful :)

poseyp

Rating: 5 stars

01/12/2010

I added rosemary, thyme, and red pepper and served with baked asparagus. I
used thigh fillets instead of breast. It was great!

Tampa Chef George

Rating: 5 stars

01/01/2007

Great tasting recipe, I also used lemon pepper and sauted it in a lemon
flavored olive oil!

susiekew

Rating: 4 stars

10/19/2013

A pretty good, pretty basic recipe that I would probably make again to use in
sandwiches or chicken salad, but not as a stand alone recipe. Surprisingly, it
was not too lemony. Thanks!

Andrea

Rating: 5 stars

01/27/2011

Easy to Cook and Great Flavor~! :)

katiewilliams

Rating: 5 stars

03/03/2009

The chicken was very flavorful, a little too lemony for me though so I just
won't use as much lemon next time. I sprinkled garlic powder on both sides of
the chicken, the taste suprised me because my family is used to having chicken
seasoned the same way every time so it was very different using lemon. Word of
advice for you people who don't like alot of lemon, don't use as much as the
recipe calls for. But other than that it was very good and I definitely will
make it again. Oh, by the way I served it with steamed broccoli and lowfat
cottage cheese. Thanks for the recipe!

rep435

Rating: 5 stars

07/13/2006

Very juicy, tasty, and easy! I had no oregano and instead used basil and sage
(seperately) and both tasted wonderful.

jack7

Rating: 5 stars

02/04/2010

good loved it a bit crpy though

cmarie

Rating: 3 stars

04/09/2012

was not happy with this as a main but a good keeper for a salad or even a
pasta with some broccoli I thought it needed something to follow the lemon
flavor a bit more.. quick and easy though which is what I was looking for.

nishita

Rating: 4 stars

04/09/2008

this was SOOO good! i just made it as a last minute meal and i loved the fact
that i had all the ingredients! i made some changes though.. i fried some
onion before adding the chicken, and i gave the marinade a fair amount of time
too. this really let the lemon seep in well. i also added Italian seasoning
along with the oregano and served it with garlic noodles. no complaints about
it being bland as i added a little more of the herbs.this dish didn't even
need the noodles.. it was fabulous!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

06/14/2002

My teen daughter prepared this meal. It was quick, easy and delicious!

Elizabeth Heffernan

Rating: 5 stars

07/27/2013

I only rate recipes that I've changed significantly if I liked them, as I feel
that they were good inspirations. This is one such case. As I looked over the
recipe and the ingredients, I realized that I would probably find it a little
bland as is. So, instead of just putting lemon on the chicken and then putting
it straight into the pan, I made up a flour mixture with the oregano, salt and
pepper, and my favorite spice (especially with lemon), paprika. I had two
plates: one empty for chicken by itself, and one with the flour mixture. After
making the flour mixture and cutting the lemon (into 4 pieces instead of 2, as
you'll see), I pounded the chicken to about 1/4 inch. Then I put the chicken
on the plate and squeezed 1/4 lemon onto the upside of the chicken. Then I
turned it over and put the lemon side onto the flour. I squeezed another 1/4
lemon on the other side, and then put it down on the flour. I floured the
whole chicken. As for the cooking, I realized it wouldn't get hot enough, so I
put it up to med. high. I sauteed side 1 for 5 minutes, then turned heat to
medium and sauteed the other side for 2-3 minutes. It was too hot, and the
bottom was burning, but by now my chicken had ballooned up to 3/4 inches
again, so I was worried it wouldn't get done inside. I turned it down to med.
low and put a lid on it for the remaining 1-2 minutes. When I took them out,
they were PERFECTLY done: juicy and flavorful! I will definitely make this
version again!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

05/17/2006

I absolutely LOVED this recipe - it is so easy and quick! It is a refreshing
change to plain chicken. My toddler son did not like it at all and my husband
said it was okay but not something he would ask for. He's a man he likes
barbaque sauce! :) I will be making this again!

tiffany

Rating: 5 stars

04/12/2009

this was so good and easy! i added a some fresh garlic as it cooked as others
suggested. i served it w/ rice and steamed asparagus. delicious will
definitely make it again!

LETNA

Rating: 2 stars

04/25/2006

Very bland! Would not make again!

eluedtke

Rating: 2 stars

09/16/2012

Waaay too lemonly

avto

Rating: 5 stars

12/27/2014

New to cooking? This is perfect for you. I grabbed the recipe to teach someone
an easy and delicious way to cook some healthy chicken breast for food prep.
Instead of olive oil, I use coconut oil and also add a bit of garlic powder. I
usually use fresh garlic, but powder is easier for beginners. Again, healthy
and yummy!!!

Camilla

Rating: 5 stars

07/26/2016

Succulent and flavorful!

LAURASTEPHENSON

Rating: 4 stars

10/16/2005

Really good and moist, but too lemony for us. I'd cut the amount of lemon used
in half next time.

ERINMIKEODOM

Rating: 4 stars

01/28/2006

Great taste.

Allrecipes Community

Rating: 4 stars

09/24/2013

I cooked this in the crock pot. It is a little bland, but it was very
inexpensive to make.

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

##  All Reviews for Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

Servings Per Recipe: 2  
Calories: 211.9  

% Daily Value *

protein:  28.8g  58 %

carbohydrates:  7.9g  3 %

dietary fiber:  3.7g  15 %

sugars:  0.3g

fat:  8.6g  13 %

saturated fat:  1.4g  7 %

cholesterol:  68.4mg  23 %

vitamin a iu:  2434.2IU  49 %

niacin equivalents:  19.2mg  148 %

vitamin b6:  0.7mg  46 %

vitamin c:  80.5mg  134 %

folate:  52.4mcg  13 %

calcium:  92.5mg  9 %

iron:  3.2mg  18 %

magnesium:  54.9mg  20 %

potassium:  542.7mg  15 %

sodium:  94.2mg  4 %

thiamin:  0.1mg  14 %

calories from fat:  77.8

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 206

Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

1 of 23 Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

thatkiragirl

Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

2 of 23 Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

Cristina Hyman

Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

3 of 23 Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

Ainatul Mardhiah

Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

4 of 23 Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

Eric Torres

Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

5 of 23 Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

NewtanBT

Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

6 of 23 Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

Jan Mackulak

Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

7 of 23 Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

Jiayee Yoong

Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

8 of 23 Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

Midy

Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

9 of 23 Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

KellyDB

Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

10 of 23 Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

Foodlover

Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

11 of 23 Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

Uma

Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

12 of 23 Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

Amber Pepe

Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

13 of 23 Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

Gina

Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

14 of 23 Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

Theresa Galdamez

Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

15 of 23 Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

samilee823

Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

16 of 23 Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

Solis

Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

17 of 23 Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

mominml

Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

18 of 23 Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

Sharyn

Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

19 of 23 Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

TTV78

Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

20 of 23 Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

Lillith32

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Simple Lemon-Herb Chicken

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

