https://www.myrecipes.com/recipe/lemon-chicken


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

MyRecipes MyRecipes

  * Course
  * Baking
  * Global
  * Healthy
  * Favorite Ingredients
  * Holidays and Occasions
  * Quick and Easy
  * Convenience Recipes
  * BBQ and Grilling
  * How To
  * Extra Crispy
  * News

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Account

  * Register
  * Newsletters
  * Email Preferences
  * Logout

Login

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore MyRecipes

MyRecipes MyRecipes

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * 55+ Easy Dinner Recipes for Busy Weeknights

####  55+ Easy Dinner Recipes for Busy Weeknights

Everybody understands the stuggle of getting dinner on the table after a long
day. If you're looking for a simple recipe to simplify your weeknight, you've
come to the right place--easy dinners are our specialty. For an easy supper
that you can depend on, we picked out some of our tried-and-true favorites
that have gotten us through even the busiest of days. Whether you're cooking
for yourself or for a family, these easy dinners are sure to leave everyone
satisfied and stress-free.  Read More

    * The Brilliant Secret to Making Better Mashed Potatoes

####  The Brilliant Secret to Making Better Mashed Potatoes

Trust me, it's so worth it.  Read More

    * 65 Super Easy Finger Foods to Make for Any Party

####  65 Super Easy Finger Foods to Make for Any Party

From chips and dip to one-bite apps, finger foods are the perfect way to kick
off a party. No forks or spoons required, just easy-to-pick-up party foods, so
you can clean up in no time.  Read More

  * Course

### Course

See All Course

    * Best Appetizer Recipes...Ever
    * Best Drink Recipes for Any Occasion
    * Salad Recipes
    * The Ultimate Guide to Sensational Sides
    * Soup and Stew Recipes
    * Easy Entertaining for Everyone
    * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes
    * Main Dishes and Entrees
    * Dinner Recipes
    * Dessert Recipes

  * Baking

### Baking

See All Baking

    * Bread Recipes
    * Our Most-Loved Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Pie Recipes

  * Global

### Global

See All Global

    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes
    * Middle Eastern Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Malaysian Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * Chinese Recipes
    * African Recipes
    * American Recipes
    * Cajun and Creole Recipes
    * Caribbean Recipes
    * South American Recipes
    * Southern Recipes
    * German Recipes

  * Healthy

### Healthy

See All Healthy

    * Easy, Healthy Recipes
    * Healthy Breakfasts
    * Healthy Dinners
    * Healthy Desserts
    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Diet and Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Low Carbohydrate Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Favorite Ingredients

### Favorite Ingredients

See All Favorite Ingredients

    * The Ultimate Guide to Chicken
    * Vegetable Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Cheese Recipes
    * Chocolate Recipes
    * Pasta Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Holidays and Occasions

### Holidays and Occasions

See All Holidays and Occasions

    * A Foodie's Guide to Halloween Recipes
    * The Ultimate Thanksgiving Guide
    * Hanukkah Recipes
    * Your Ultimate Christmas Recipe Guide
    * Our Most Festive New Year's Recipes
    * Best-Ever Super Bowl Sunday Recipes
    * Best Valentine's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * The Ultimate Guide to Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Labor Day Recipes
    * The Ultimate Fourth of July Guide
    * Memorial Day Recipes
    * Touchdown-Worthy Tailgate Recipes
    * Wedding and Shower Recipes

  * Quick and Easy

### Quick and Easy

See All Quick and Easy

    * 15-Minute Recipes for Busy Home Cooks
    * 5 Ingredients or Less
    * Dinner Tonight
    * No-Cook Recipes
    * 45-Minute Recipes

  * Convenience Recipes

### Convenience Recipes

See All Convenience Recipes

    * Budget-Friendly Recipes
    * Our Top Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Our Favorite Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes

  * BBQ and Grilling

### BBQ and Grilling

See All BBQ and Grilling

    * Grilled Beef Recipes
    * Grilled Fish Recipes
    * Grilled Shrimp Recipes
    * Grilled Chicken Recipes
    * Grilled Pork Recipes
    * Grilled Vegetable Recipes

  * How To

### How To

See All How To

    * 7 Ways With...
    * Videos
    * Ingredients and Tools
    * Kitchen Cleaning

  * Extra Crispy
  * News

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Account

  * Register
  * Newsletters
  * Email Preferences
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Lemon Chicken

# Lemon Chicken

Rating: 4.5 stars

49 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 40 
  * 4 star values: 5 
  * 3 star values: 3 
  * 2 star values: 1 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 49 Ratings 
  * 39 Reviews 

This easy lemon chicken recipe is one of our most popular main dish chicken
recipes. With simple flavor additions that don't overpower the dish, the
natural flavor of the chicken is allowed to shine. The low ingredient list
also makes for a level of ease that allows this dinner to come together in no
time at all, which is perfect for a busy weeknight. All you need is 30
minutes. Pair this dish with crisp veggies and a side of rice for a delicious
dinner that your family is sure to love.

By Karen Brosius, Columbia, SC

Recipe by Southern Living June 2010

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Read the full recipe after the video.

## Recipe Summary

total:

30 mins

Yield:

Makes 8 servings

MR_051019_LemonChicken158.jpg

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * 4 skinned and boned chicken breasts (about 1 1/2 lb.) 
  * 1 teaspoon salt 
  * ¬Ω teaspoon pepper 
  * ‚Öì cup all-purpose flour 
  * 4 tablespoons butter, divided 
  * 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided 
  * ¬º cup chicken broth 
  * ¬º cup lemon juice 
  * 8 lemon slices 
  * ¬º cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley 
  * Garnish: lemon slices 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Cut each chicken breast in half lengthwise. Place chicken between 2 sheets of
heavy-duty plastic wrap; flatten to 1/4-inch thickness, using a rolling pin or
flat side of a meat mallet. Sprinkle chicken with salt and pepper. Lightly
dredge chicken in flour, shaking off excess.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Melt 1 Tbsp. butter with 1 Tbsp. olive oil in a large nonstick skillet over
medium-high heat. Cook half of chicken in skillet 2 to 3 minutes on each side
or until golden brown and done. Transfer chicken to a serving platter, and
keep warm. Repeat procedure with 1 Tbsp. butter and remaining olive oil and
chicken.

  * Step 3

Add broth and lemon juice to skillet, and cook 1 to 2 minutes or until sauce
is slightly thickened, stirring to loosen particles from bottom of skillet.
Add 8 lemon slices.

  * Step 4

Remove skillet from heat; add parsley and remaining 2 Tbsp. butter, and stir
until butter melts. Pour sauce over chicken. Serve immediately. Garnish, if
desired.

##  Chef's Notes

This chicken dish would pair well with sauteed asparagus, green beans
(haricots verts), or even broccoli.

Advertisement

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews (39)

Add Rating & Review

Sort by:  Newest

Newest Oldest

Cindyloo

Rating: 5 stars

02/05/2022

Delicious!!! I‚Äôve made it many times everyone devours it when I make it!üëçüèª

Stacey Christodoulou

Rating: 5 stars

05/22/2021

Quick and easy! I skipped adding the lemon slices and still the flavor was
perfectly lemony! Yum!

jmdepauw

Rating: 4 stars

11/04/2018

****I doubled the chicken for our larger family. Easy recipe to follow and
turned out perfect. The sauce was the best in my opinion but my hubs thought
too lemony. Served with roasted red potatoes.

EdithE

Rating: 4 stars

04/27/2018

****In past my lemon chicken would dry out. Tried this recipe and the flavors
and broth really made a difference. Will use it again, shared it with my
daughter and daughter in law!

Julester

Rating: 5 stars

07/28/2017

****

I skipped out on the lemon slices and didn't use the plastic wrap or a meat
mallet cuz I don't have that stuff so I just basically punched the chicken as
flat as I could lol. I cooked for about 4-5 mins on both sides and it did not
come out dry at all.

Hubby loved it, gobbled down three pieces faster than I could make my plate.
Lol no but it was delicious. Thanks for posting!

MyaAngela

Rating: 5 stars

04/19/2016

****I always wanted to try and make this since I normally order it when out at
a restaurant. It is super simple and requires ingredients that normally people
already have at home. I served it over linguine. Just make sure to make extra
sauce if you want your linguine nice a saucy! My picture shows the amount of
sauce you get when following this recipe. I sprinkled it with Parmesan cheese
once served!  

muffyduffy

Rating: 5 stars

11/30/2015

****I doubled broth & lemon juice for sauce and kept breasts warm in oven
between batches. Served with buttered noodle and sauteed spinach. Whole deal
took 30-40 mins and was very yummy. Elegant weeknight meal, very straight
forward, might be good for picky eaters.

Mikki

Rating: 5 stars

08/27/2015

****Both my husband and I like lemon so this was just the ticket! Plus I
didn't have to shop for anything! I had it all here, including fresh parsley
from my herb garden. The only thing I added was some capers because we also
enjoy them. Kudos to whomever came up with this recipe. We even discuss
serving to guests!

Joanne

Rating: 5 stars

03/16/2015

****Great recipe and super simple!

swarman

Rating: 3 stars

01/24/2015

I thought it was a fine recipe. My husband and daughter loved it.

gracieb323

Rating: 5 stars

09/04/2014

This was super easy and super delicious. However, next time, I think I will
double the sauce as I ended up with only a couple of tablespoons once I was
done cooking it. Maybe I cooked it too long.

Jean0212

Rating: 5 stars

08/21/2014

Simple and absolutely delicious!

ratherski

Rating: 5 stars

01/06/2014

Delicious. Depending on the type of lemon, it can be quite tart. Meyer lemons
are better flavour IMHO. I serve with whole black olives and crumbled feta
sprinkled over top, and Rosemary roasted potatoes

ebethcox

Rating: 5 stars

01/06/2014

I loved this recipe. It was so simple to make and the lemon flavor was so
good. I served this with brussel sprouts, rosemary roasted potatoes, and
french bread with olive oil and bread dip mix. It was a big hit!

ScooterChic

Rating: 5 stars

09/05/2013

My husband and I LOVE this recipe! For once, start to finish was really less
than 30 minutes. I used white wine instead of chicken broth and served it with
basmati rice.

dogwalker

Rating: 5 stars

06/23/2013

This was a hit with my family. Quick to make and very tasty. Will definitely
make again!

CooksAlot317

Rating: 5 stars

03/14/2013

This was easy and unbelievably flavorful. Will definitely make it again.

Onecentinvegas

Rating: 5 stars

03/08/2013

Killer recipe! Fast, easy and few ingredients necessary. Made no changes.
Husband loved it, too. Served over jasmine rice with green bean goat cheese
gratin. Was yummy beyond belief! Will be making this one again and again, for
sure!

Chicagokiter76

Rating: 5 stars

01/27/2013

Very delicious! This was very much a hit and was devoured fast!

missimin

Rating: 4 stars

09/24/2012

I followed the recipe and thought the sauce was a little sour for my taste so
I added some honey and it was very good that way with the chicken.

adjohn3

Rating: 5 stars

08/27/2012

I made this exactly as the recipe indicated and it turned out wonderfully! The
dish has a very mild lemon flavor. You will want to make sure to add the
parsley as I think it really helped brighten the flavors of the dish. I made
this for a party so I cooked the chicken in the pan as the recipe required but
then put the chicken in the oven until I was ready to serve it. I simply
poured the sauce over the hot chicken and that was it.

ltlbitz

Rating: 5 stars

06/21/2012

This was amazing, it had the right amount of lemon without it being too
overpowering. I cannot believe this took only 30 minutes to get this on the
dinner table. I love the lemon slices in the sauce, it made such a beautiful
presentation. The only change that I made is that I doubled the sauce.
Wonderful

Venice1

Rating: 5 stars

05/14/2012

Just wanted to mention if you like to keep lemons for future use and no waste,
submerge them (washed with peel on) in a bowl of water in the refrigerator.
You will have fresh lemons for weeks on end. I currently have had a bowl in my
frig for 2 months, and they are beautiful. Wow...what a money saver, and I
always have a lemon or zest when needed.

BrendaCdna312

Rating: 5 stars

03/10/2012

I loved it have made it more than once.

MyRecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

10/05/2011

I had a bunch of lemons I needed to use so tried this recipe. It was fast and
extremely tasty. Husband loved it. Served it with green beans and couscous.
Will definitely make again. However, I will double the sauce ingredients as
there wasn't enough sauce to go with the green beans. Also, I forgot to add
the butter at the end, but we didn't even miss it. So I think I will just skip
that in the future and save on the calories/fat.

cook187

Rating: 5 stars

10/03/2011

Delicious recipe! Easy and fast to make, my husband loved it :)

emchapman

Rating: 5 stars

09/15/2011

I made this for a dinner party and was SOOO glad I did. It was a huge hit and
people were asking for seconds and thirds. Extremely delicious -- I'm making
it again tomorrow night for my dad's birthday dinner! I serve it with three
other SL recipes... Carrot Orzo, Green Beans with Goat Cheese, Tomatoes and
Almonds; and Fresh Herb Spoon Rolls... the perfect combination!

just2peachy

Rating: 5 stars

03/06/2011

First time I made this...it was awesome and pretty easy...my family raved!!!

Minerva

Rating: 3 stars

01/23/2011

I thought the recipe was good but I didn't think the sauce thickened enough,
so I added some flour to it. I also thought it was a bit too tart, so next
time I will use half the amount of lemon juice. Otherwise, it was easy and
tasty.

KristinNicole

Rating: 5 stars

10/17/2010

I made this dish the other day for dinner, not only is it simple and fast but
it's Delish! If you are looking for a fast meal to cook that taste good, this
is your dish. I made this with brown rice and vegetables. Great dish xo
kristin nicole http://soapnights.com

KRECary

Rating: 5 stars

07/31/2010

Delicious and easy enough for a weeknight meal.

dmloss

Rating: 4 stars

07/20/2010

I thought this recipe was great. The sauce was really good but since the sauce
was pored over the chicken, the chicken didn't soak up the favor of the sauce.
I will make again, but I think next time I might put the chicken back in the
pan for a minute so the chicken will soak up the sauce. I served with thyme
brussels sprouts and wheat sourdough bread.

emily25

Rating: 5 stars

07/12/2010

Very easy to make and my husband and I loved it. I will be making this again!

peaches09

Rating: 5 stars

06/30/2010

This recipe is a winner! Easy to make, and good enough for company. If you
like lemon, you will love it! (If you don't like lemon, just skip this
recipe.) I used 4 chicken breast halves, but made the full recipe of sauce. To
cut down on calories (without sacrificing flavor) use 1 Tablespoon of butter
at the end rather than 2. This tastes so good, and looks pretty on the plate,
too.

millscreek

Rating: 2 stars

06/15/2010

I like the way chicken is prepared in this recipe, but the sauce is not worth
wasting ingredients on: it is too buttery.

a15bax

Rating: 5 stars

06/04/2010

Very easy to make. The best lemon chicken recipe I've ever made! The whole
family enjoyed this dish. Instead of cutting the chicken breast in half &
using a rolling pin, I bought thin cut breasts at the store. I also cooked my
chicken for 5 minutes on each side b/c I noticed at 3 min that the chicken was
still a little pink in the middle.

brenda1966

Rating: 5 stars

05/23/2010

This was a wonderful dish. My husband rarely gives a recipe 5 stars, but he
did this one. Will definetly use again. Served with mixed veggies and corn on
the cob.

mommycooks

Rating: 5 stars

05/22/2010

just made this tonight and it was wonderful. My son actually went for seconds.
I substituted the thin, boneless, skinless cutlets which eliminated the
pounding step and used cilantro instead of parsley. Served w/ rice and peas -
yummy!

amytaylor23

Rating: 5 stars

05/21/2010

Simple and delicious! This is one we will repeat!

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Lemon Chicken

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Lemon Chicken

##  All Reviews for Lemon Chicken

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

MyRecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithMyRecipes.com is part of the Allrecipes Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporation. MyRecipes is a registered trademark of Meredith
Corporation All Rights Reserved. MyRecipes may receive compensation for some
links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to
change without notice.  Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of
Servicethis link opens in a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab
California Do Not Sellthis link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis
link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 MyRecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.myrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Lemon Chicken

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

