https://food.ndtv.com/recipe-punjabi-lemon-chicken-373267


menuarrow-downredditsnapchattwitterfacebookcommentsemailprintersearchbelltop-
nav

  * NDTV
  * हिंदी न्यूज़
  * BUSINESS
  * MOVIES
  * CRICKET
  * TECH
  * FOOD
  * CRYPTOnew
  * WEB STORIES
  * EDUCATION
  * AUTO
  * SWASTH
  * LIFESTYLE
  * HEALTH
  * SHOPPING
  * ART

Advertisement

Eng

  * Select Languages
  * हिंदी | Hindi

  * monsoon 2022 

    * Monsoon Low-Cal Diet
    * Monsoon Skin Care
    * Monsoon Drinks
    * Monsoon Snacks
    * Weight Loss

  * Features 

    * Food News
    * cooking Tips
    * Opinions
    * World Cuisine
    * Food & Drinks
    * Festivals
    * Restaurant Review
    * Facts
    * Best Recipes
    * Funny Side Up

  * Recipes 

    * Healthy Recipes
    * Snacks Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Meat Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Rice Recipes
    * Bread Recipes
    * Desserts
    * Dinner Recipes
    * Festivals
    * Kids Recipes
    * Winter Recipes
    * Breakfast Recipes
    * हिन्दी रेसिपीज़

  * Web Stories 
  * Recipe Videos 
  * Health 

    * Diabetes
    * Healthy Living
    * Yoga Benefits
    * Weight Loss
    * Fitness Tips
    * Quick Tips
    * Cholesterol Control
    * Heart Health
    * Ayurvedic Tips
    * Men's Health
    * Women's Health

  * Home Remedies 

Dark / Light mode

Search Recipes

Search

Punjabi Lemon Chicken

facebook

twitter

reddit

Snapchat

Kooapp

Settings

  * Change Font Size 

AAA

  * Change Language 

हिंदी | Hindi

  * Focus on Story
  * 

RecipesPunjabi Punjabi Lemon Chicken

Story ProgressBack to home

# Punjabi Lemon Chicken Recipe

  * NDTV Food 

  * Recipe in Hindi
  * Review 

  * Overview
  * Cook Time
  * Ingredients
  * Method

How To Make Punjabi Lemon Chicken

 **About Punjabi Lemon Chicken Recipe** : A melt in your mouth chicken recipe
with a tangy twist. Punjabi lemon chicken made with citrus juices, sugarcane
juice and some basic Indian spices. Try this tangy yet delicious version of
chicken at your next dinner party and you wouldn't be able to resist coming
back to this chicken recipe!

  * Total Cook Time1 hr 20 mins 

  * Prep Time 10 mins 

  * Cook Time1 hr 10 mins 

  * Recipe Servings4

  * Easy

###  **Ingredients of Punjabi Lemon Chicken**

  * 6 Chicken thighs (without skin)
  *  **For the base:**
  * 3-4 tbsp refined oil
  * 2 tsp cumin seeds
  * 2 onions, julienne
  * 6 garlic cloves, chopped
  * 1/2 inch ginger, chopped
  * 3-4 Green chillies
  * 3/4 tsp turmeric powder
  * 1 tsp coriander powder
  * to taste salt
  * 1 cup fresh lemon juice
  * 1/2 cup orange juice
  * 1/4 tsp fresh sugarcane juice
  * for garnishing fresh coriander 

## How to Make Punjabi Lemon Chicken

HideShow Media

1.

Heat a heavy cooking vessel on a high heat and once its hot, add the refined
oil and swirl the pan to coat the base evenly. Once the oil is nice and hot,
add the cumin seeds and saute them until crackling and fragrant.

2.

Now add the onions, garlic and ginger and sauté them gently until they take on
a light golden brown color. Turn up the heat and then add the spice powders.

3.

Toast the spices on a high heat until they are intensely aromatic and well
toasted. Then add a little water and bhuno the base ingredients repeatedly
until the oil rises to the top and the masala is well cooked out.

4.

Add some salt and mix well, then add the chicken thighs to the pan. Turn up
the heat and fry the chicken in the masala until it is evenly coated with the
flavor of the base and is a very light yellowy golden brown in color.

5.

Now add the lemon and orange juice to the chicken and deglaze the pan well,
scraping up the flavor packed pan deposits on the base of the pan.

6.

Stir everything together well to combine, then add a little sugarcane juice to
balance the acidity of the lemon juice.

7.

Bring the chicken to a boil, then turn the heat to low, cover the pan and let
the chicken simmer away until it is cooked to perfection and almost falling
off the bone.

8.

Once the chicken is cooked, uncover the pan and simmer the light gravy until
slightly reduced and concentrated in flavor. Turn off the heat, then garnish
with fresh coriander and serve with hot rotis or rice.

Key Ingredients: Chicken thighs (without skin), refined oil, cumin seeds,
onions, garlic cloves, ginger, Green chillies, turmeric powder, coriander
powder, salt, fresh lemon juice, orange juice, fresh sugarcane juice, fresh
coriander

Tags:

  * Chicken
  * Indian Food
  * Lemon
  * Punjabi
  * Lemon Chicken
  * Chicken Starter

5

Share Recipe

Share Recipe

  * Facebook 
  * Twitter 
  * Reddit 
  * Snapchat 

### Related Recipes

  * Spicy Chicken Masala

  * Amritsari Chicken Masala

  * Saffron Chicken

  * Lemon Chicken and Rocket Pasta

* * *

### Trending News

  * Genelia D'Souza Had A Sumptuous Tiramisu This Weekend

top-nav

Advertisement

Our Best Recipes

  * 15 Best Vegetarian Chinese Recipes| Easy Chinese Recipes

  * 17 Best Punjabi Recipes | Easy Punjabi Recipes

  * Top 17 Veg Recipes Under 30 Minutes | Quick Veg Recipes

  * 17 Best Vegetarian Dinner Recipes| 17 Easy Dinner Recipes

  * 15 Best Mushroom Recipes | Easy Mushroom Recipes

Advertisement

Advertisement

Trending Links

  * Weight Loss
  * Cooking Tips
  * Food News

Social Share

facebook

twitter

Instagram

Health

  * Weight Loss
  * Diabetes Diet
  * Keto Diet
  * Depression
  * Low Blood Pressure
  * Healthy Food
  * Digestion
  * Headaches

Beauty

  * Aloe Vera
  * Rose Water
  * Hair Growth
  * Dry Skin
  * Dandruff
  * Face Packs
  * Beauty Tips
  * Acne

Veg Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes
  * Salad Recipes
  * Paneer Recipes
  * Mushroom Recipes
  * Soya Recipes
  * Dal Recipes
  * Cabbage Recipes
  * Beetroot Recipes
  * Snacks Recipes

Summer Special

  * Summer Recipes
  * Summer Foods
  * Summer Drinks
  * Benefits of Curd
  * Skin Care Tips
  * Face Care Tips
  * Smoothie Recipe
  * Phirni Recipe

Indian Recipes

Chicken RecipesChicken CurryMutton RecipesBiryani RecipesButter ChickenDinner
RecipesBreakfast RecipesPav Bhaji

This website follows the DNPA Code of Ethics

© 2022. NDTV Convergence, All Rights Reserved.

  * Privacy Policy
  * About Us
  * Feedback
  * Author
  * Contact Us

Language

  * Select Languages
  * हिंदी | Hindi

Dark / Light mode

Search

  * Monsoon 2022

    * Monsoon Low-Cal Diet
    * Monsoon Skin Care
    * Monsoon Drinks
    * Monsoon Snacks
    * Weight Loss

  * Features

    * Recipes
    * Drinks Recipes
    * Features
    * Web Stories
    * Recipe Videos
    * Health
    * Home Remedies
    * Our Team
    * Nutritionists Speak
  * More from NDTV

    * NDTV
    * हिंदी न्यूज़
    * BUSINESS
    * MOVIES
    * CRICKET
    * TECH
    * FOOD
    * CRYPTO
    * WEB STORIES
    * EDUCATION
    * AUTO
    * SWASTH
    * LIFESTYLE
    * HEALTH
    * SHOPPING
    * ART

arrow-rgtarrow-nextarrow-upclosereddit-fillsnapchat-filltwitter-fillfacebook-
fillwhatsapp-fillsharecogstarbookzapleft-arrowbookmarkright-arrow

