https://www.currytrail.in/lemon-pepper-chicken/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

**Subscribe** to the newsletter!

Curry Trail

Simple Flavorful Recipes For The Home Cook

Search for search

MenusearchSearch

  * Starters/Appetizers
  * Main Dishes
  * Side Dish
  * Desserts
  * Summer Time Favorite
  * About Me

Search for search

  * Starters/Appetizers
  * Main Dishes
  * Side Dish
  * Desserts
  * Summer Time Favorite
  * About Me

Home > Lunch/Dinner > **Lemon Pepper Chicken**

# Lemon Pepper Chicken

Last updated January 15, 2021. Originally posted September 30, 2019 By Jyothi
Rajesh 21 Comments

Jump to Recipe Rate this Recipe Print Recipe

**_This lemon pepper chicken is here to transform chicken into a dish full of
flavors, even if you are using chicken breasts! No more bland and boring
chicken breasts!_**

Are you a fan of one skillet recipes? Do you love easy and fast dinner recipe
ideas? You got a treat for yourself with this easy skillet chicken recipe.
Dinner would be ready in just 20 minutes.  Isn’t that the perfect busy day
dinner?

A simple and easy to make homemade lemon pepper seasoning brings this chicken
dinner to life with its flavors.  The zest from lemons and peppery taste of
peppercorns makes this dish full of flavors.

## **Lemon Pepper Chicken Recipe**

Seasoned with simple but amazing flavors of lemon zest and freshly ground
pepper gives flavorful and juicy chicken breasts. With minimum ingredients and
minutes of preparation work, you got an easy and delicious dinner that is fit
for any day, perfect for busy mid-week dinner!

You don’t have to have readymade lemon-pepper-salt bottle. Make fresh homemade
spice mix at home with minimum effort and it’s fuss free too. Nothing, I
repeat, nothing beats freshness of real lemons as compared to any ready-made
seasoning.

We are taking about fresh lemon zest flavors. Lemon zest is what we use to
marinade chicken breasts instead of lemon juice along with freshly ground
pepper. You can expect fresh lemon flavors with it are a perfect zing taste
without being over powdered with tangy taste.

This recipe promises BRIGHT and VIBRANT flavors! Lemon pepper chicken breasts
is first marinated in lemon zest, pepper and salt along with garlic and onion
powder (optional) for extra flavors. The longer chicken get marinated, more
flavor it would absorb.

Chicken has light breading on it to give it a golden crust when cooked in
skillet. If you want to add richness, cook breaded chicken in butter instead
of olive oil.

You can serve chicken just that once cooked, or have a lemon pepper chicken
sauce that goes on top of the golden crusted chicken which will give it that
extra zing flavor.

## **Lemon Pepper Chicken Marinade**

Let’s talk about the marinade used in this chicken recipe. It’s fresh, it’s
home and most importantly it’s super simple to make. You need very basic
pantry ingredients. Lemons are available all round the year, that makes it
easier for your guys to try this chicken for dinner any day of the year.

We highly recommend you to make your own chicken marinade instead of using
store bought lemon pepper salt mix. Some of the brands are just salt mixed
with citric acid for the tang.

It sure give the chicken the tang flavor, but does it give the real fresh
amazing flavor of lemons?! That’s a big question! And according to me, it
doesn’t!  So brands even use yellow food coloring!

So nothing like the real fresh lemons!

To make the simplest lemon pepper chicken marinade, you need freshly peeled
(or grated lemon zest) mixed with freshly ground pepper and salt. For extra
flavors you can add garlic powder or freshly minced garlic and onion powder.

## Ingredients for Lemon Pepper Chicken Recipe

Basic pantry ingredients is what you need for this recipe. Chicken first gets
marinated in lemon zest-pepper-salt-garlic. Longer chicken fillets sits in the
marinade, better flavors it absorbs.

Once chicken is marinaded for longer, it get it's breading with flour. Then
cook it olive oil or butter until it's golden brown.

Finally make a sauce with fresh lemon juice, butter and seasoning salt and
pepper.

Really simple, isn't it!? This is what you need -

## **How To Make Lemon Pepper Chicken** - Step-By-Step Instructions

Start with fresh organic chicken breasts. Cut chicken breasts horizontally to
make 2 fillets.

Zest lemons. You need about 2 tablespoon lemon zest.

To chicken fillets add fresh lemon zest, fresh ground pepper, salt, minced
garlic and onion powder (optional).

Rub chicken well to allow it to take in all the marinade and coat the marinade
evenly.

Take plain flour in a wide bowl. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Add
onion powder is using now.

Dip chicken fillets in flour to get even coating on both sides. Shake off
excess flour.

Heat olive oil (or butter) in a skillet.

Place breaded chicken in the skillet and cook on medium flame. Press the
skillets with back of a flat spatula a couple of times to cook and brown
evenly.

Cook for 2 to 3 minutes on each side or until golden brown on both sides.

Transfer chicken from the skillet onto a plate. Wrap the entire plate in
aluminum foil to keep chicken warm.

Into the same skillet add butter and stir until butter melts. Turn off heat.
Add lemon juice a pinch of salt and pepper to taste.

Sprinkle chopped parsley over chicken breasts. Pour lemon pepper chicken sauce
over crispy breaded chicken breasts just before serving.

Serve it over bed of rice or mix it up with pasta.

## **Tips To Make BEST Lemon Pepper Chicken Recipe**

  1. You can cut chicken breasts horizontally into two fillets or pound a chicken breasts to make it thin.
  2. Use fresh grated lemon zest. Do not grate the white part below the yellow skin. It’s too bitter and will change the taste of chicken.
  3. Use fresh ground pepper. Freshly ground pepper always has much more flavors and peppery taste to it.
  4. If you like to pack in extra flavors, add minced garlic and onion powder. I like to add it to the chicken fillets. But you could add to flour for breading chicken. 

**MORE CHICKEN DINNER RECIPES THE YOU SHOULD TRY -**

**Bruschetta Chicken Pasta**

**Spicy Cajun Chicken And Rice**

**Instant pot Chicken Marsala**

Don’t forget to Subscribe to  **CurryTrail  ** Recipes below to get our newest
recipes delivered straight to your inbox.

**LOVE THIS RECIPE? KEEP IN TOUCH AND DON’T MISS OUT ON ANY OF CURRYTRAIL
RECIPES! FOLLOW ME ON  INSTAGRAM, PINTEREST, FACEBOOK, TWITTER**.

5 from 10 votes

## Lemon Pepper Chicken

Jyothi Rajesh

This lemon pepper chicken is here to transform chicken into a dish full of
flavors, even if you are using chicken breasts! No more bland and boring
chicken breasts!

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

Print Recipe Pin Recipe Rate this Recipe

Prep Time 10 mins

Cook Time 5 mins

Course Dinner

Cuisine American

Servings 4 servings

Calories 276

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * ▢ 2 chicken breasts cut horizontally
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon lemon zest freshly grated
  * ▢ 2 to 3 teaspoon pepper freshly ground (use more if you like peppery heat)
  * ▢ Salt to taste
  * ▢ 4 cloves garlic minced (can use garlic powder instead)
  * ▢ 1 ½ teaspoon onion powder optional – I skipped
  * ▢ ¾ cup plain flour
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon butter
  * ▢ 2 teaspoon lemon juice freshly squeezed
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon parsley fresh and finely chopped
  * ▢ Few lemon slices for garnish

### Instructions



  * Start with fresh organic chicken breasts. Cut chicken breasts horizontally to make 2 fillets.

  * Zest lemons. You need about 2 tablespoon lemon zest.

  * To chicken fillets add fresh lemon zest, fresh ground pepper, salt, minced garlic and onion powder (optional).

  * Rub chicken well to allow it to take in all the marinade and coat the marinade evenly.

  * Take plain flour in a wide bowl. Season with salt and pepper to taste.

  * Dip chicken fillets in flour to get even coating on both sides. Shake off excess flour.

  * Heat olive oil (or buttein a skillet. Place breaded chicken in the skillet and cook on medium flame. Press the skillets with back of a flat spatula a couple of times to cook and brown evenly.

  * Cook for 2 to 3 minutes on each side or until golden brown on both sides.

  * Transfer chicken from the skillet onto a plate. Wrap the entire plate in aluminum foil to keep chicken warm.

  * Into the same skillet add butter and stir until butter melts. Turn off heat. Add lemon juice a pinch of salt and pepper to taste.

  * Sprinkle chopped parsley over chicken breasts. Pour lemon pepper chicken sauce over crispy breaded chicken breasts just before serving.

  * Serve it over bed of rice or mix it up with pasta.

### Notes

  1. You can cut chicken breasts horizontally into two fillets or pound a chicken breasts to make it thin.
  2. Use fresh grated lemon zest. Do not grate the white part below the yellow skin. It’s too bitter and will change the taste of chicken.
  3. Use fresh ground pepper. Freshly ground pepper always has much more flavors and peppery taste to it.
  4. If you like to pack in extra flavors, add minced garlic and onion powder. I like to add it to the chicken fillets. But you could add to flour for breading chicken.

_**Nutritional Info**_ – Please keep in mind that nutritional information
provided is only a rough estimate and can vary greatly based on products used.

### Nutrition

Calories: 276kcalCarbohydrates: 21gProtein: 27gFat: 9gSaturated Fat:
4gCholesterol: 87mgSodium: 184mgPotassium: 468mgFiber: 1gSugar: 1gVitamin A:
293IUVitamin C: 8mgCalcium: 26mgIron: 2mg

Did you make this recipe?Follow @CurryTrail and tag #CurryTrail to share your
creation!

###

1321 shares

  * 530
  *   * 791
  *   * 

Previous

Lemon Garlic Shrimp

Next

Pumpkin Spice Latte

## Reader Interactions

### Leave A Reply! Cancel reply

 **Share your thoughts!**  
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked with *  
  

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

####  Comments & Reviews

  1. Natalie says

October 08, 2019 at 6:19 pm

  
I absolutely love the flavors in this chicken recipe. I bet my family will be
so delighted when I make them this. I saved the recipe to my to try list for
next week. Can't wait to give it a try!

Reply

    * jyothirajesh says

October 08, 2019 at 6:30 pm

Thank you Natalie

Reply

  2. SHANIKA says

October 08, 2019 at 10:40 am

  
This Chicken recipe looks so amazing! I definitely want to make this,
especially for upcoming Holiday season! That Lemon Pepper Marinade looks super
easy but super flavorful!

Reply

    * jyothirajesh says

October 08, 2019 at 6:29 pm

Thank you Shanika

Reply

  3. Aline says

October 07, 2019 at 10:44 am

  
OMG! This chicken recipe looks INCREDIBLE!!! I'm saving it to make it this
week - I can't wait!! Thank you!

Reply

    * jyothirajesh says

October 07, 2019 at 1:14 pm

Glad you liked it Aline

Reply

  4. GUNJAN C Dudani says

October 07, 2019 at 7:44 am

  
I am sharing this recipe with my brother. He will love it since he is an
excellent cook himself.

Reply

  5. Veronika says

October 06, 2019 at 11:35 pm

  
I love simple yet tasty chicken recipes! They are so good for a busy week or a
lazy weekend) Saving this one for later)

Reply

    * jyothirajesh says

October 06, 2019 at 11:55 pm

Thank you

Reply

  6. Paula Montenegro says

October 06, 2019 at 3:07 am

  
You had me at having flavorful chicken breasts. They look so delicious! And
truly easy to make. A perfect recipe to add to my weeknight plan!

Reply

    * jyothirajesh says

October 06, 2019 at 2:46 pm

Thank you

Reply

  7. Leslie says

October 04, 2019 at 9:12 pm

Yay for no more boring chicken! You can tell this chicken recipe is packed
with flavor just by looking at the pictures! YUM!!!

Reply

    * jyothirajesh says

October 06, 2019 at 2:46 pm

Thanks Leslie

Reply

  8. Jessica Kirk says

October 04, 2019 at 8:38 am

I'll be adding this quick, light chicken recipe to the weekly menu.

Reply

    * jyothirajesh says

October 06, 2019 at 2:47 pm

Thank you

Reply

  9. Kelly Anthony says

October 04, 2019 at 4:39 am

  
I grew up eating bland over cooked chicken breast so I know exactly what you
are talking about. Your lemon pepper chicken looks perfectly cooked and
seasoned.

Reply

    * jyothirajesh says

October 06, 2019 at 2:47 pm

Thank you Kelly

Reply

  10. Jess says

October 03, 2019 at 10:49 pm

  
Well I definitely know what I want to make for dinner tonight! This looks and
sounds so amazing!

Reply

    * jyothirajesh says

October 06, 2019 at 2:47 pm

Thank you

Reply

  11. Chef Dennis says

October 01, 2019 at 1:00 pm

  
I love chicken breasts so much. I always use this part of chicken when
cooking, Your lemon pepper chicken recipe looks really delicious. I must try
making this in the coming days!

Reply

    * jyothirajesh says

October 01, 2019 at 6:11 pm

Hope you like it as much as we do. Thank you Dennis

Reply

## Primary Sidebar

#### Welcome, I'm Jyothi

My food philosophy is simple, fresh and full of flavors! I love ‘spicy’ food.
In fact so much so that I can skip dessert for extra spicy savory food!

More About Me

  

Free Bonus

#### 5 Quick & Healthy Dinners That Are Tasty!

When you subscribe to all the latest recipes!

Subscribe

Search for search

#### Featured Recipes

  * Thai Panang Curry Recipe With Chicken

  * Sriracha Spicy Ramen Noodles Soup

  * 5 Minutes Boom Boom Sauce

  * Creamy Chicken Bacon Ranch Pasta

  * Garlicky Chili Lemon Baked Tilapia Recipe

  * 15 Minutes Chili Butter Garlic Noodles

#####  Featured on:

Free Bonus

#### 5 Quick & Healthy Dinners That Are Tasty!

Subscribe

#### Connect With me

Search for search

#### Categories

  * Starters/Appetizers
  * Breakfast
  * Lunch/Dinner
  * Main Dishes
  * Side Dish
  * Desserts

#### About

  * About Me
  * Contact Us
  * Privacy Policy
  * Latest

©2022, Curry Trail. All Rights Reserved. About Privacy Policy

Back To Top

Design by Pixel Me Designs

×

  

Free Bonus

#### ****5 Quick & Healthy Dinners That Are Tasty!

When you subscribe to all the latest recipes!

Subscribe

1321 shares

  * 530Facebook
  * Twitter
  * 791Pinterest
  * Yummly
  * Email

