https://cafedelites.com/chinese-lemon-chicken/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

Cafe Delites

for good food lovers

  * Recipe Index
  * About Me
    * BOOKS
  * Contact Me
    * Policies
      * Disclaimer
      * Copyright
    * MEDIA

You are here: Home / Recipes / Chinese Lemon Chicken

By Karina 25 Comments Filed Under: Chicken

# Chinese Lemon Chicken

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

## Chinese Lemon Chicken with an irresistibly sticky, sweet and sour Chinese
lemon sauce. Move over take-out!

One of your most favourite Chinese chicken dishes is easy to make at home with
crispy, golden chicken tenderloin pieces. Have delicious Chinese Lemon Chicken
on your table in 30 minutes.

## LEMON CHICKEN

A worldwide favourite, Chinese Lemon Chicken is loved by many because of the
flavours and texture you get in every mouthful. Whether it's the tangy lemon
sauce or the crispy chicken breast pieces, _good_ take-out is hard to find.
This is why having your own recipe is just as important as having a take-out
menu in your kitchen.

Our recipe is different in that you're going to use chicken tenders for a
perfectly juicy result.

## HOW DO YOU MAKE LEMON CHICKEN BATTER

The batter is so easy! You're going to whisk an egg with soy sauce and Chinese
Shaoxing wine. You _can_ use sherry or white vinegar as substitutions if you
can't find that particular wine at your grocery store. Cut your chicken
tenders into 1-inch pieces and coat well in the batter.

Marinate for 20-30 minutes for a deeper flavour (If time allows), or 5 minutes
while you get your other ingredients ready.

## HOW TO MAKE CHINESE LEMON CHICKEN

Once your chicken has marinated, pour chicken WITH the marinade out into the
corn starch. Coat chicken pieces evenly, massaging the corn starch around the
chicken.

Fry in batches, being careful not to overcrowd your pan or wok, until golden,
crispy and cooked through.

## WHAT ABOUT THE LEMON SAUCE

Give your pan (or wok) a wipe over with paper towel to get rid of any crumbs
that could burn while making your sauce. Add some oil to the pan to sauté your
garlic and ginger until fragrant (about 30 seconds), then pour in your stock,
soy sauce, lemon juice, sugar, honey, and a pinch of salt.

You will see the sauce begin to thicken beautifully because of the honey, but
you'll want it just a little bit thicker (similar to runny honey). This is
where a corn starch slurry comes in handy and turns the sauce into a delicious
glaze. Toss the chicken into the lemon sauce and evenly coat.

There you have it! Chinese Lemon Chicken!

## WHAT TO SERVE WITH LEMON CHICKEN

Chinese Lemon Chicken can go with any side -- plain or full-flavoured.

  * Fried rice
  * Cauliflower fried rice
  * Noodles
  * Plain rice

## MORE CHINESE FOOD RECIPES!

Sticky Chinese Barbecue Pork Belly (Char Siu)  
Sweet and Sour Pork  
Kung Pao Chicken  
Chicken Chow Mein

# Chinese Lemon Chicken

Easy Chinese Lemon Chicken with a sticky honey, lemon and garlic sauce. Better
than takeout in less than 30 minutes!

PRINT SAVE go to your favorites

Prep: 10 mins

Cook: 20 mins

Total: 30 mins

Serves: 4 people

### Ingredients

### CHICKEN:

  * 21 oz (600 g) chicken tenderloins cut into 1-inch pieces
  * 1 large egg
  * 2 tablespoons soy sauce
  * 2 tablespoons Chinese shaoxing wine  (or white vinegar)
  * 1/2 cup corn starch
  * 1/2 cup vegetable oil or canola oil

### LEMON SAUCE:

  * 1 tablespoon oil
  * 3 teaspoons minced garlic
  * 1 teaspoon minced or finely grated ginger
  * 1/2 cup chicken stock or broth
  * 2 tablespoons soy sauce
  * juice of 1 lemon (about 3-4 tablespoons)
  * 2 tablespoons sugar
  * 2 tablespoons honey
  * salt to taste
  * 2 teaspoons corn starch dissolved in 2 tablespoons water
  * 1 teaspoon sesame seeds to garnish
  * thinly sliced green onions to garnish
  * lemon slices, to serve (optional)

### Instructions

#### FOR THE CHICKEN:

  * In a large shallow bowl whisk egg, soy sauce and wine. Add in chicken, mix well and allow to marinate for 20 minutes, covered.

  * Place corn starch into a large baking tray. Pour chicken and marinade into the corn starch and coat chicken pieces evenly, lightly pressing the corn starch around the chicken.

  * Heat oil in a large wok, pan or skillet over medium-high heat. When oil is hot (325°F or 165°C), shake off excess corn starch and fry chicken in batches in a single layer for about 5-6 minutes, turning half way during cooking, until golden and cooked through.

  * Drain on a plate lined with paper towel. Discard oil and wipe wok/pan over with paper towel.

#### FOR THE SAUCE:

  * Heat oil over medium-high heat. Sauté the garlic and ginger until fragrant (about 30 seconds).  Add stock, soy sauce, lemon juice, sugar, honey, and a pinch of salt. Whisk, bring to a simmer until the sugar dissolves.

  * Whisk corn starch mixture into the simmering sauce and stir until thickened. Toss chicken in the sauce until evenly coated (about 2 minutes).

  * Garnish with sesame seeds, green onions and lemon slices. Serve.

### Nutrition

Calories: 549kcal | Carbohydrates: 34g | Protein: 38g | Fat: 18g | Saturated
Fat: 4g | Cholesterol: 201mg | Sodium: 964mg | Potassium: 674mg | Sugar: 15g |
Vitamin A: 200IU | Vitamin C: 3mg | Calcium: 35mg | Iron: 1.7mg

« Fried Rice with Bacon

MEAL PLAN WEEK 45 »

### Subscribe to Cafe Delites FOR FREE and Receive Recipes Straight Into Your
Inbox!

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Gina says

December 05, 2020 at 11:06 am

  
Just made this for dinner and followed the recipe to the t and it is so good!
I added some  
Chili flakes on mine for a kick. is it possible to bake the chicken pieces
instead of frying (to make it healthier?)

Reply

  2. Jerry says

August 19, 2020 at 10:46 am

This sauce is excellent and fairly simply to make. It went well with some rice
and simply pan-fried chicken breast pieces. Next time I will try the battered
chicken.

Reply

  3. Shelley says

June 24, 2020 at 12:03 pm

  
Made this for my family and they said this was next level good. One of the
best meals I have ever made. Made exactly like the recipe and it turned out
amazing. Thank you so much for the recipe!

Reply

  4. Vanessa says

June 24, 2020 at 10:04 am

  
Made this for dinner tonight with chopped up boneless skinless thighs and
HOLLLLLYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY YUM. adding it to the rotation! If you're on the
fence. MAKE THISSSSSSS.

Reply

  5. Cire says

June 09, 2020 at 1:35 am

My family of six loved it. One of my sons exclaimed “i think that is the best
chicken I ever tasted”. Thanks!

Reply

  6. Sal says

May 29, 2020 at 11:23 am

Tastes great, but so not a :30 recipe. It took me over an hour with the
chopping, marinating and the frying of the chicken.

I will make it again, but I’ll make sure it’s well before dinner time.

Reply

  7. Anna says

May 16, 2020 at 1:44 am

Could I use plain flour instead of cornflour for the batter?

Reply

    * Shanon says

October 11, 2020 at 2:06 am

I'd avoid it. It wont crisp up the same and the flour will likely clump in
your marinade mixture

Reply

  8. Luz Munera says

May 15, 2020 at 10:41 am

I made this today with your bacon fried rice it was a hit my family is in
heaven. I love your recipes very easy and fast in my opinion. Thank you please
stay safe

Reply

  9. alona says

May 12, 2020 at 8:36 am

I haven't made this yet but wanted to clarify am I subbing with regular white
vinegar or white wine vinegar?

Reply

    * Karina says

May 12, 2020 at 10:36 am

Sub with either as long as it is a vinegar

Reply

    * Shanon says

October 11, 2020 at 2:07 am

I'd stick to white wine or rice vinegar

Reply

  10. Judy Glover says

May 03, 2020 at 5:39 pm

  
First time I have cooked this, really thought hubby wouldn’t like it, but he
absolutely loved it. So easy to do and great result. Will be trying some more
of your recipes.. Thank you

Reply

  11. Danielle says

April 28, 2020 at 7:31 am

  
This was so easy to make and extremely flavourful. Thanks for the recipe.

Reply

  12. Beth says

April 17, 2020 at 2:57 am

  
My family loved this. The only problem I had was with adding the chicken and
marinade to the cornstarch to the cornstarch. It was a sticky mess and had to
separate the pieces of chicken before cooking them in the oil. Next time, I
think I will put the cornstarch in a ziplock bag and add the chicken (without
the marinade) to the bag in small batches. Served it with fried rice. Will
make it again

Reply

  13. Kim H says

April 09, 2020 at 9:56 am

My family loved this recipe! Very easy to make. I used white vinegar as a
substitute for the Chinese wine. The sauce was delicious! Very simple to make.

Reply

  14. Kat says

March 05, 2020 at 12:44 pm

  
I Used the sauce on store bought popcorn chicken in an effort to make the
popcorn chicken edible. Turned out great! Would be even better with “real”
chicken, I’m sure ;). I used 1 tbsp brown sugar instead of the sugar called
for in the recipe, since my family doesn’t like overly sweet foods. Tasted
just like it came from a Chinese restaurant (maybe better). This recipe is
definitely a keeper!

Reply

  15. Molly Pilkington says

January 06, 2020 at 6:48 pm

  
Well done recipe. Easy to make and follow along. I didn’t have Chinese sauce,
but re read the recipe and realized I could replace it with Vinegar. Turned
out fantastic anyways. Great recipe, and wonderful site.

Reply

  16. Ahsan Siddiqui says

October 30, 2019 at 10:07 am

  
cooked it. very delicious! i dont have access to the Chinese wine so i added
the apple vinegar. the batter chicken tastes great. how ever i think some
distinct Chinese flavour is missing. now that i have combined the batter fried
chicken into the sauce should i add 1 tbsp oyster sauce into the dish for good
measure?

Reply

  17. Sammy Megan Floyd says

October 12, 2019 at 8:24 pm

  
I’m a fan of this one. Great recipe. My family loved it. Thank you!

Reply

  18. Sharon M says

September 04, 2019 at 8:31 pm

  
You turned me into a super star with hubbie and kids from kindergarten through
high school. This is a keeper. I will check out more of recipes!

Reply

  19. Fran says

February 24, 2019 at 6:55 pm

  
This has to be the best lemon chicken recipe ever. In fact over the last two
months we have used Cafe Delites recipes almost exclusively. Brilliantly
written, easy to cook we are just over the moon with this site. Yes, it's
lemon chicken tonight!

Reply

    * Helen says

April 16, 2020 at 5:59 pm

  
Tasted so good! Really tangy and sweet sauce and chicken came out beautifully

Reply

  20. Stephanie McGaffick says

February 18, 2019 at 9:21 pm

  
Wonderful recipe! My family loved it. I doubled the sauce recipe. In a
separate pan, I sauteed sugar snap peas, zucchini, bell peppers, and celery
until just slightly crisp. I then tossed the vegetables and chicken with the
sauce and served over rice.

My son wanted to know if PF Chang's makes something like this! It was a hit
and I'll absolutely make this again!

Reply

  21. Patrick says

February 09, 2019 at 1:18 pm

  
Thank you so much for the great recipe suggestion. First time to see your site
and I Love your concept. I'm a Fan.  
Thank you and keep it up  
Patrick

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### LOOKING FOR A RECIPE? SEARCH HERE!

Search this website

### HEY Good Food Lovers! It's nice to see you!

Welcome! My name is Karina and this is my internet kitchen hang-out. A self-
confessed _balanced_ _foodie_ sharing some waistline friendly recipes that are
_full_ of flavour. Life is too short for bland and boring. …

Read More

### Connect with Karina – Cafe Delites

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

## Footer

### Subscribe to Cafe Delites FOR FREE and Receive Recipes Straight Into Your
Inbox!

### CONNECT WITH KARINA - CAFE DELITES

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

Search this website

### Archives

Archives Select Month December 2020  November 2020  June 2020  May 2020  April
2020  March 2020  February 2020  January 2020  December 2019  November 2019
September 2019  August 2019  April 2019  March 2019  February 2019  January
2019  December 2018  November 2018  October 2018  September 2018  August 2018
July 2018  June 2018  May 2018  April 2018  March 2018  February 2018  January
2018  December 2017  November 2017  October 2017  September 2017  August 2017
July 2017  June 2017  May 2017  April 2017  March 2017  February 2017  January
2017  December 2016  November 2016  October 2016  September 2016  August 2016
July 2016  June 2016  May 2016  April 2016  March 2016  February 2016  January
2016  December 2015  November 2015  October 2015  September 2015  August 2015
July 2015  June 2015  May 2015  April 2015  March 2015  February 2015  January
2015  December 2014  November 2014  October 2014  September 2014  August 2014
July 2014  June 2014  May 2014  April 2014

### Categories

Categories Select Category Appetizers Asian Beef Beverages Bread Breakfast
Cakes, Blondies and Brownies Cheesecakes Chicken Chinese Christmas Churros
Cookies Dessert Dinner Dips Donuts Easter French Toast Game Day Greek Inspired
Ham Italian Inspired Lamb Low Carb Lunch Mexican Inspired Recipes Muffins My
Book In Previews One Pot Meals Pancakes And Crepes Pasta Pies Pork Recipes
Round Ups Salads Savoury Tooth Fix Seafood Sheet Pan Sides Slow Cooker
Smoothies and Milkshakes Snacks Soup Sweet Tooth Fix Thanksgiving Turkey
Vegetarian Waffles Weekly Meal Plan

COPYRIGHT (C) 2022 CAFE DELITES. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy

