https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/71402/dales-lamb/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Meat and Poultry
  4. Lamb
  5. Dale's Lamb

# Dale's Lamb

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.7

81 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 66 
  * 4 star values: 10 
  * 3 star values: 3 
  * 2 star values: 2 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 81 Ratings 
  * 73 Reviews 
  * 3 Photos 

I call this Dale's Lamb because my late mother-in-law, Dale, gave me this
recipe. Everyone who's ever tried this likes it, even my mom, who didn't care
much for lamb. Hope you like it, too.

Recipe by JMHUEBB

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Dale's Lamb

Add Photo

Dale's Lamb Kevin Brooks

Dale's Lamb adrienne

Dale's Lamb moroccantreasuresdotcom

## Recipe Summary

prep:

15 mins

cook:

50 mins

additional:

8 hrs 25 mins

total:

9 hrs 30 mins

Servings:

8

Yield:

8 servings

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

8

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 8 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * ⅔ cup lemon juice 
  * ½ cup brown sugar 
  * ¼ cup Dijon mustard 
  * ¼ cup soy sauce 
  * ¼ cup olive oil 
  * 2 cloves garlic, minced 
  * 1 (1/2 inch) piece fresh ginger root, sliced 
  * 1 teaspoon salt 
  * ½ teaspoon ground black pepper 
  * 1 (5 pound) leg of lamb, butterflied 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

In a bowl, mix the lemon juice, brown sugar, Dijon mustard, soy sauce, olive
oil, garlic, ginger, salt, and pepper. Place the lamb in a shallow container.
Pour the lemon juice mixture over the lamb. Cover, and marinate in the
refrigerator 8 hours or overnight.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Preheat an outdoor grill for medium heat. Drain marinade, and bring to a boil
in a small saucepan. Reduce heat to low, and simmer, whisking constantly,
until slightly thickened.

  * Step 3

Lightly oil the grill grate. Over indirect heat, grill the lamb 40 to 50
minutes, turning to cook all sides, to a minimum internal temperature of 145
degrees F (63 degrees C). Cool, slice, and cover with the thickened marinade
mixture to serve.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

451 calories; protein 32.4g; carbohydrates 17.8g; fat 27.2g; cholesterol
115.3mg; sodium 1015.4mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (73)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Smokin Mike

Rating: 5 stars

03/07/2005

I am an avowed lamb lover, but my family is not. I convinced my wife to try a
lamb dish one more time, and went hunting for a recipe that *hopefully* would
be palatable to both of us. Not only was I extremely happy with the flavor,
but my wife said that it was wonderful! This dish truly has a gourmet flavor,
and will likely please those who don't ordinarily like the taste of lamb.

Read More

Helpful (44)

### Most helpful critical review

HEAVENBOUND41

Rating: 2 stars

04/16/2006

I followed the recipe exactly (except for the cooking time...it took about 1
1/2hrs of indirect grilling for my 4 bound leg to reach Med), This recipedwas
OK but not lamb worthy. We love lamb and this recipe was definately not our
favorite. The time is way off on this recipe. Allow for more grilling time if
you make it. And the flavors, well they were ok but nothing exceptional. I
will not make this one again.

Read More

Helpful (7)

81 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 66 
  * 4 star values: 10 
  * 3 star values: 3 
  * 2 star values: 2 
  * 1 star values: 0 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Smokin Mike

Rating: 5 stars

03/07/2005

I am an avowed lamb lover, but my family is not. I convinced my wife to try a
lamb dish one more time, and went hunting for a recipe that *hopefully* would
be palatable to both of us. Not only was I extremely happy with the flavor,
but my wife said that it was wonderful! This dish truly has a gourmet flavor,
and will likely please those who don't ordinarily like the taste of lamb.

MEBERLI

Rating: 5 stars

08/06/2004

This is truly a great recipe. I wasn't so sure it was going to taste so good
when I was combining the ingredients, but the results were absolutely
wonderful. I wouldn't change a thing. We've already made it three times.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

06/28/2004

Great recipe! Tried it with a whole leg of lamb as well as cut up and skewered
as kabobs. This one is a keeper!

downunder de

Rating: 5 stars

12/27/2006

Absolutely delicious! I used the marinade on a whole shoulder of lamb and then
baked it. I drained the marinade off the meat before doing so. I used the
marinade as suggested - pouring it over the meat once sliced. A hit with the
family and a real keeper. Thanks!

moroccantreasuresdotcom

Rating: 5 stars

10/01/2006

This is one of the BEST lamb recipes I have ever at the pleasure of eating.
Our picky 5 year old, said it tastes like heaven! I feel like I am having a
gormet dinner in my own home and being a beginning cook the results make me
feel like a professional cook and that I can now say "Yes I am a great cook!"
Goes great with rosemary, garlic, olive oil potatos and the syrian bread we
made yesterday from a recipe on this board.

JOHNMONIHAN

Rating: 5 stars

11/15/2006

I fell in love with Lamb when I was in Iraq, and have been looking for a high
quality, very flavorful recipe for the past 3 years. This one fits that bill.
I was seriously unsyre about the combination of ingredients, but after tasting
the final product, even my somewhat picky wife said that she loved it. This
recipe has found it's way into our permanent family recipe book. I made this
exactly as written. Had a lot of left over meat so I cut it up and made pita
sandwiches with it and goast cheese. Talk about a great, verstile recipe.
Gonna try this marinade with buffalo next to see how it tastes.

CORBAC

Rating: 5 stars

07/12/2005

Excellent, very tender and very tasty. Lots of left overs for Lamb Chili
afterwards. This is the only recipe I will use on the barbeque from now on!

gfkitchnwitch

Rating: 5 stars

12/30/2005

YUM. Wow was this ever great. The marinade is key. My husband's family always
has lamb for the holidays, but it was never all that... memorable. THIS year
was different! Thanks so much!

Lorie

Rating: 5 stars

03/18/2007

Husband loved it. Marinaded overnight and then tossed it under the broiler. I
also added rosemary. I am not a fan of lamb but I had to admit this was a good
marinade. I will make this again.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

01/20/2006

Great way to use leftover leg of lamb. I chopped it in a food processor and
didn't saute it. It was wonderful. Thanks Dale

FLIESE

Rating: 5 stars

12/22/2010

I made this recipe for a Christmas supper and it was AMAZING. The sauce is
absolutely perfect. I followed the recipe exactly with the exception of the
cooking, as the grill was burried in the snow. I seared the lamb on a griddle
and then finished it off in a roasting pan in a 400 degree oven. I will make
this again and again.

kocakoda

Rating: 5 stars

01/15/2007

This is one of our favorite recipes. I do cut the lemon juice in the marinade
to 1/2 cup and I add Rosemary and mint. Excellent recipe.

Chucky

Rating: 5 stars

05/15/2006

I have made Roast Leg of Lamb several times using THIS marinade. It works
beautifully! The meat is tender and flavourful. Last time I injected the
strained marinade into the meat using a meat injector.(Forgot to marinade the
night before...) Worked like a dream! I can't wait to try this recipe as
described; butterflied and BBQ'd. Terrific recipe, Thanks!

HEAVENBOUND41

Rating: 2 stars

04/16/2006

I followed the recipe exactly (except for the cooking time...it took about 1
1/2hrs of indirect grilling for my 4 bound leg to reach Med), This recipedwas
OK but not lamb worthy. We love lamb and this recipe was definately not our
favorite. The time is way off on this recipe. Allow for more grilling time if
you make it. And the flavors, well they were ok but nothing exceptional. I
will not make this one again.

TERESA

Rating: 5 stars

03/15/2008

Every year I make this for easter! And I google "DALE LAMB". By far one of the
best on ALL RECIPES... look no futher!

freezermama

Rating: 5 stars

05/23/2010

I made this with a 3 pound deboned, rolled shoulder roast and it came out
great. I eye-balled the measurements and cut the sauce down by about 1/3. Nice
to have the added sauce. Served it with a bag of German spaetzle that I picked
up to try with it. It was perfect for the sauce. Served this also with a big
bowl of lighty steamed fresh green beans. A wonderful dinner. On our bbq it
did take at least an hour more than stated to get to the 145 degrees.

GRENEL

Rating: 5 stars

03/29/2007

This was a really nice dish. Of course come comments. I used Lamb Back strap
fillets for this which I also asked my butcher to tenderise for me, thus
allowing a reduced marinate time with the same results. I served this with
fluffy roasted spuds and buttered green bean's.

Rhonda Brock Fuller

Rating: 5 stars

12/16/2006

I absolutely love lamb, but have a hard time finding it here locally in
grocery stores. I do however find it from time to time and I tried this recipe
and it was tasty. Much better than that I have even had at restaurants.
Thanks.

beth4652

Rating: 5 stars

05/22/2012

Although I was in the hospital and unable to make this for Easter dinner as
planned, DD's pitched in and did it. They followed the recipe exactly and
brought me a plate of the best lamb I've had. I hope to make it again myself
next Easter.

Becky Riley

Rating: 5 stars

06/29/2012

This method is amazing!!! I had lamb leg thawed and had to use it. I didn't
have soy so I used worchestire, didn't have lemon so I used lime, didn't have
brown sugar so I used honey, didn't have fresh so I used some powdered ginger.
Only marined for 30 and then made the sauce. It was AMAZING!!! Next time I'll
be stocked and make it by the book. Hats off to Dale!!!

free_by_grace

Rating: 5 stars

04/28/2009

We have come to love this dish. My husband now claims it to be our "signature
dish" for company. We don't change anything.

Dinahhs3

Rating: 5 stars

07/05/2009

this is realy tasty.i made it and put it in oven bag and cooked for one and
half houre ...yum

MarkS

Rating: 5 stars

08/22/2011

Never been a Lamb fan but my wife is, used this recipe to make my first lamb
my wife loved it and I did too

Sandra G

Rating: 4 stars

04/02/2012

Delicious - no problems. Will make it again.

Jackie B

Rating: 5 stars

10/16/2010

I love this marinade :) I used the stone ground mustard with the seeds in it
as I did not have Dijon. I also omitted salt (which I do for all recipes.)
Otherwise I followed it perfectly. I used half for some lamb kabobs and the
other half as a steak marinade for a sirloin. I loved it! It covered up the
kind of harsh taste you can get in lamb. I cooked both on the grill over
medium high heat and had minimum charring even though there is high sugar
content. Thank you!

Formica Dinette

Rating: 5 stars

04/19/2009

I made this with lamb chops, didn't have dijon so used yellow mustard, cooked
in the oven at 225 for 90 minutes (cooked at same time as a pork dish that
needed that time & temp), didn't serve with extra marinade--and it was
heavenly. I'm not sure I could stand it if it's even better prepared exactly
to the recipe.

KimH.

Rating: 5 stars

03/21/2009

This is by far the best lamb I have ever made. Great recipe and so simple! Our
entire family loved it. I can't wait to make it again.

Jennifer Wilgus

Rating: 5 stars

02/17/2012

I used chunks of lamb leg in this marinade for lamb kebabs and it was
WONDERFUL. My boyfriend's biggest complaint was not having enough lamb. Will
definitely be making again!

montvamj

Rating: 5 stars

03/10/2009

I have never loved a recipe on here as much as I liked this one! I marinaded
it for the better part of the day and it was so moist!

EJsMommy

Rating: 4 stars

03/24/2008

Tough for me to rate this because I don't like lamb and this recipe didn't
change my mind. I made two different types of lamb for Easter, and this one
tasted like liver to me. I'm giving it four stars because some guests really
liked it.

jennkl

Rating: 5 stars

04/14/2009

We loved this! I have a go to marinade for lamb but wanted to try something
new for Easter and I'm glad I did! I was a little leary about the brown sugar
because I don't like "sweet" meat but this was perfect. The flavor of the meat
was great and it was very tender. Thanks for a yummy new lamb recipe!

Cheryl Sullivan

Rating: 5 stars

01/03/2007

I made this for a Christmas eve party. Everyone loved it. Will make again!

HAPPY2SCRAP

Rating: 2 stars

03/10/2009

We love lamb at our house and on the surface this seemed like it would be a
yummy recipe. Not so. Personally I thought the marinade/sauce was too thick
and sweet and obscured the taste of the lamb. Try the Garlic and Herb Lamb for
an easy but impressive dinner on lamb chops or leg of lamb.

kgm

Rating: 5 stars

04/26/2011

this was a hit at easter dinner!! the only addition was about 1 teaspoon of
rosemary. delicious!

Fran

Rating: 4 stars

02/06/2010

Mmmm that was good - will definitely use this one again

adrienne

Rating: 4 stars

05/05/2010

This was my first time making lamb. I separated the skin from the meat leaving
it attached in a few places and stuffed it with my herbs and garlic cloves. I
marinated overnight and grilled on Easter Sunday. It was absolutely perfect!
Didn't even need mint jelly. I am absolutely amazed!!!

pperry

Rating: 5 stars

05/12/2007

I made this for Mother's Day dinner and it was absolutely a hit with everyone
from my 2 yr old grandson and up!!

Jenni

Rating: 5 stars

03/18/2007

This marinade is absolutely AMAZING! I will be using this for everything!!

Ileana Vila

Rating: 5 stars

04/08/2012

I followed the directions for ingredients except I used curry powder because I
couldn't get fresh ginger root. I did leave in fridge overnight and didn't
cook it 'til 5:30PM that next day. I put lamb on grill for about 1/2 hour and
it looked great on the outside at that point. Then placed in 400 degree oven
for about 1 hour. (My lamb was 1.75lb and was boneless and butterflied). The
sauce was GREAT ! Thank you for an awesome recipe.

Nene

Rating: 5 stars

08/05/2010

This was a snap to make and my family, including the kids (9 & 11) loved it. I
did not have a grill so I took an electric skillet and place a small rack in
it. In about 50 min. it was perfectly done. The only thing I would recommend
is to double the marinade. It is so good you will want to have more. Peace !!

vett

Rating: 5 stars

05/13/2009

I tried this on Mother's Day and my family loved it! I baked it and it turned
out great. I will grill the next time.....

freidarose

Rating: 5 stars

11/01/2011

We really loved this. Didn't use a whole leg, just a cheaper cut, and little
powdered ginger instead of root, and cooked it in the oven but it was really
good!

lindsayc

Rating: 4 stars

09/03/2012

I've never made lamb before and really liked this marinade. I only used 1/2
tsp salt and it was a bit too salty for my taste...not sure if it was the lamb
or the marinade but will definitely use it again and further reduce the salt.
Thanks!

Cindy Z

Rating: 5 stars

08/08/2014

I made this recipe yesterday. I have never had lamb. But my future son in law
gave us some. I searched for weeks for a good recipe. I found this one, and it
seemed like it would be good. Only thing I changed was I had no olive oil or
ginger root. I also marinated for 6 hours, I forgot to do it the night before.
lol Also since I did not have 2 things you had on the recipe, I out about 1/4
red sangria wine. Everyone loved it. It was a wonderful recipe. I am so glad I
found this. Very very tasty. Thanks for sharing your great recipe.

Kerri

Rating: 4 stars

11/09/2014

We felt the marinade/sauce was wonderful but would be better put to use on a
beef roast. As expensive as lamb is, it didn't taste much different than if it
had been beef, so we will use it on beef from now on. Great addition to our
kitchen.

KCFood

Rating: 5 stars

11/23/2014

I must say that I married a man who LOVES lamb, and simply stated, I do not.
His family makes it for holidays as and I do my best to avoid eating it. For
the love of my husband (and the raving reviews), I decided to learn to cook
lamb for him. I followed this recipe as described, except for having to cook
in the oven. My first time cooking lamb, new recipe, and I loved it!!!
PERFECT! I even made rice pilaf and peas in tomatoes sauce with Italian
seasoning to go with the meal. ANY LAMB DISLIKING PEOPLE OUT THERE - YOU MUST
TRY THIS!

CWOYTON

Rating: 3 stars

04/23/2007

The lamb was very tender, but it didn't taste like lamb. The texture and taste
was more like liver. I didn't hate it, but I won't make it again.

Jogui

Rating: 5 stars

12/26/2014

This was most excellent! I made several adjustments due to necessity only. I
was out of fresh ginger so I used powdered ginger. I was out of lemons so I
used 7 drops of Young Living therapeutic grade lemon essential oil. Everyone
raved about it at our Christmas dinner. The sauce was amazing!!!

Leslie Dresser Dalton

Rating: 5 stars

09/22/2010

We eat a lot of lamb, so this was great for variety. Everyone loved it! I
didn't have lemon juice, so used lime. It was great!

jasonelliott

Rating: 3 stars

01/10/2015

Not particularly good or bad. The flavours do not lend well to lamb. The sauce
however is great on wings. Lamb has such a wonderful flavour that is was kind
of ruined by the sauce. Salt pepper, garlic, and mint is still my favorite
flavour for lamb. I cut up the lamb into thin strips afterwards and made a
stir fry...was pretty good. Thank you for the recipe!

lisa.s

Rating: 5 stars

11/09/2014

brilliant. Why haven't more people tried and rated this Did recipe to what is
written Will do again..

Sarah Witha H Banson

Rating: 5 stars

10/18/2015

Simply divine!!

Cynthia Romine

Rating: 5 stars

07/17/2016

We absolutely love lamb. Perfect marinade for the lamb. Didn't change a thing
unlike other recipes. It's a keeper and a defiant do again..Yes!

Judy

Rating: 5 stars

08/03/2016

Awesome. The marinating sauce adds a great flavour. Used a 1/2 tsp of ground
dried ginger instead of fresh ginger. Used chops instead of butterflying leg.

kandro

Rating: 5 stars

07/29/2012

Every time I use it , my conclusion is ; This is the Holy Grail of recipes.
Thank you.

Rebecca Johnston

Rating: 5 stars

12/22/2015

This is my go-to recipe for lamb. I marinade the meat for at least 24 hours,
always follow the recipe exactly as is and reduce the marinade for a delicious
sauce. I'm making lamb for Christmas this year and may try throwing in some
fresh rosemary and experimenting to make the reduction into more of a gravy.
But then again, I may decide not to mess with perfection! Thank you for
sharing this great recipe.

Jaiya Watson

Rating: 5 stars

04/12/2020

I made this for Easter Sunday. It was excellent! I followed the recipe exactly
with the exception of cooking in the oven at 400 degrees instead of grilling.
The lamb was delicious and tender. My family loved it. This recipe is a
keeper. Thanks!

ESTHER_G

Rating: 5 stars

04/28/2015

This lamb is amazing right off the grill, but the sauce from the reduced
marinade takes it over the top! And the bonus is that it's not difficult to
make at all. I usually make one and a half recipes of the marinade so there
will be extra sauce. This is a huge hit with the whole family!

dbh409

Rating: 4 stars

06/16/2019

This was delicious, but it took much longer than 40 minutes to get to 145F (45
on the grill, 35 in the oven at 350) for a 4lb leg. I used charcoal, which
perhaps makes a difference.

Fabio

Rating: 5 stars

11/05/2017

very tasty and easy to make

Jesse-Nona Gamez

Rating: 5 stars

03/19/2016

We have made this multiple times. Delicious. Needs a little extra cooking time
usually.

Linda Harvey

Rating: 5 stars

06/15/2016

There are not enough stars to rate this. Because of unexpected advents, I had
to leave the lamb in the marinade another day. I was afraid the meat would be
mush from to long of a marinade. I was so pleasantly surprised how great it
turned out. We could not stop eating it. It was tasty and tender. Matter of
fact I have made the marinade again and have country style pork ribs soaking
for supper tomorrow evening (24 hrs).

BaldwinII

Rating: 5 stars

03/18/2016

I made Dale's lamb leg twice. My son, mother-in-law, and father-in-law said it
was the best lamb leg they had ever eaten. Better than at a restaraunt. My son
is a meat cutter. He brought left overs to work. Even the two day old lamb leg
had all his coworkers asking for the recipe.

GDJ

Rating: 5 stars

04/06/2016

Made it as written but using lamb shoulder chops. Outstanding and even better
as leftovers!

faux chef

Rating: 5 stars

02/16/2021

I have made this several times now, and it is my go to for anything lamb,
kabobs, chops, leg, steaks, ANYTHING lamb!!!! This marinade really accents the
flavor and is soooo decadent!!!

Anastasia Biddix

Rating: 5 stars

11/17/2015

I just followed the recipe and it was absolutely amazing would definitely make
it again! Thank you for sharing ;)

Jesse Gamez

Rating: 5 stars

02/14/2018

I've made this twice following the recipe to a T. So good.

Tolly

Rating: 5 stars

02/19/2021

I am a total convert !! Like some others I was skeptical when I read over the
ingredients, but forged ahead and boy am I glad I did. I was looking for
something to do other than the tried and true Rosemary lamb - and this recipe
is it! The family reaction was a collective OMG this is delicious, followed by
a length silence and an empty meat platter ! :)

Charles Pascual

Rating: 5 stars

12/04/2021

Easy to follow recipe. Marinated overnight. Took 1 ½ hours on the grill. Tasty
and tender. Will make this again.

Michaela

Rating: 5 stars

06/20/2016

Amazing Flavour! This recipe is a keeper. I made the recipe as written with
the addition of some ground Rosemary, as mentioned by another reviewer.

wroberts118

Rating: 4 stars

07/17/2017

it was a good. Will use it again when cooking lamb I might try it on a steak.

Latinspawn

Rating: 5 stars

04/13/2015

I made this recipe last year and then forgot where I got it from. It was super
easy to find again though. Where else would it be but in Allrecipes.com? I
just opened up an account here only because of this recipe. Easy the best lamb
I have ever had and hard to believe I made it at home. It tastes like
something you would find at a fine Greek restaurant. Super easy to prepare and
fun to think of what to serve it with. I don't know who Dale is but he sure
knows what he's doing with lamb. Thanks Dale!!!

Kevin Brooks

Rating: 5 stars

12/05/2016

I made this for the Christmas Dinner at my church, everyone that tried it
liked it. Will make again.

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Dale's Lamb

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Dale's Lamb

##  All Reviews for Dale's Lamb

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Dale's Lamb

Servings Per Recipe: 8  
Calories: 450.8  

% Daily Value *

protein:  32.4g  65 %

carbohydrates:  17.8g  6 %

dietary fiber:  0.2g  1 %

sugars:  14g

fat:  27.2g  42 %

saturated fat:  9.5g  47 %

cholesterol:  115.3mg  38 %

vitamin a iu:  4.5IU

niacin equivalents:  14.7mg  113 %

vitamin b6:  0.2mg  14 %

vitamin c:  9.6mg  16 %

folate:  28.8mcg  7 %

calcium:  30.2mg  3 %

iron:  2.8mg  16 %

magnesium:  36.3mg  13 %

potassium:  455.3mg  13 %

sodium:  1015.4mg  41 %

thiamin:  0.1mg  14 %

calories from fat:  244.8

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Dale's Lamb

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 73

Dale's Lamb

1 of 3 Dale's Lamb

Kevin Brooks

Dale's Lamb

2 of 3 Dale's Lamb

adrienne

Dale's Lamb

3 of 3 Dale's Lamb

moroccantreasuresdotcom

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Dale's Lamb to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Dale's Lamb

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

