https://hi-in.facebook.com/notes/378727643995/


#  _ _Facebook__

Facebook में शामिल हों या लॉग इन करें __

ईमेल या मोबाइल

पासवर्ड

खाता भूल गए?

लॉग इन करें

क्या आप Facebook में शामिल होना चाहते हैं?

साइन अप करें

साइन अप करें

## Egg roll recipe with ground lamb

6 अप्रैल 2010 को 6:38 AM पर _ _पब्लिक__

Because I sincerely admire Michelle Obama’s focus on food issues, one of my
daily stops in the blogosphere is Obama Foodorama. All weekend, the blog
covered the Easter events at the White House, including the egg roll on the
lawn.

  

Although I knew they were talking about literally rolling Easter eggs, every
time I saw “egg roll,” I thought of, well, egg rolls.  
  
  
  
I found this Wolfgang Puck recipe on the Food Network website. Puck makes a
unique choice to use ground lamb.

  

Nom Nom’s ground lamb comes from Nectar Hills Farm, which is certified
organic, and is in the process to become certified bio-dynamic.

  

In addition to grass-fed lamb, which you can get either as ground lamb, stew
meat or lamb chops on the Nom Nom site, they also raise grass-fed and/or free-
range highlander cattle, sheep, pigs, goats and chickens, ducks, turkeys and
emus. (And a partridge in a pear tree….)

  

Garlic Lamb and Vegetable Spring Rolls  
  
Recipe courtesy Wolfgang Puck, 2004

  

Ingredients  
  
Garlic Lamb:

  

* 1/4 cup brown sugar  
  
* 2 tablespoons mushroom soy sauce  
  
* 2 teaspoons chopped garlic  
  
* 1 teaspoon cornstarch  
  
* 1 teaspoon orange zest  
  
* 1 pound coarsely ground lamb meat from leg or shoulder  
  
* 2 tablespoons peanut oil, plus 2 tablespoons  
  
* 1 tablespoon minced ginger  
  
* 1 tablespoon minced garlic  
  
* 2 tablespoons minced green onions  
  
* 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes  
  
* 1 ounce rice wine  
  
* 1 tablespoon cornstarch dissolved in 1/4 cup water  
  
* 2 ounces rice noodles, soaked in water for 20 minutes  
  
* 4 ounces shiitake mushrooms, stems discarded, thinly sliced  
  
* 1 small onion, peeled and thinly sliced  
  
* 1 medium carrot, peeled and julienned  
  
* 1 red bell pepper, cored, seeded, and julienned  
  
* Salt and freshly ground black pepper  
  
* 1/2 cup chiffonade basil leaves  
  
* 1 tablespoon sesame oil  
  
* 1 tablespoon soy sauce  
  
* 1 package egg roll wrappers  
  
* 1 egg, lightly beaten, for egg wash  
  
* Peanut oil, for deep frying  
  
* Sweet Chili Scallion Dipping Sauce, recipe follows

  

Directions

  

Garlic Lamb: Combine the sugar, soy, garlic, cornstarch, and orange zest in a
large bowl. Add the lamb and mix well. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 to
2 hours.

  

Heat a wok over high heat. When the wok is hot, add 2 tablespoons of the
peanut oil and heat until just smoking. Add the ginger, garlic, green onions,
and red pepper flakes and stir-fry until fragrant, around 30 seconds.

  

Add the lamb and stir-fry until well browned, about 5 minutes. Deglaze with
the rice wine and bring to a simmer. Stir in the cornstarch mixture and bring
to a simmer to thicken. Remove from the heat and set aside to cool.

  

Drain the rice noodles and roughly chop. Set aside. Wipe out the wok and heat
over high heat. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons peanut oil and heat until just
smoking. Add the mushrooms, onion, carrot, and bell pepper and stir-fry until
the vegetables just begin to soften, but still have some crunch, about 3
minutes. Season with salt and pepper, to taste. Remove the heat and cool.

  

Combine the cooled vegetables, cooled lamb, reserved noodles, basil, sesame
oil, and soy sauce and mix well.

  

Place 1 egg roll wrapper on a flat surface in front of you with 1 point facing
you so the wrapper is in a diamond shape. Make sure the unused wrappers are
covered with a damp cloth. Brush all of the edges with egg wash. Place 1 to 2
tablespoons of the filling about 1/3 of the way up the wrapper. Fold the point
over the filling. Fold in the sides and then roll up. Press to seal. Repeat
with the remaining ingredients. If you are going to hold these for a while
before frying, dust with cornstarch so they don’t get soggy.

  

Preheat 3 inches of peanut oil in a deep pot to 360 degrees F. Fry the egg
rolls, a few at a time, until golden brown on all sides, about 4 to 5 minutes.
Drain on paper towels. Serve whole or cut in half diagonally. If you want the
halved rolls to stand up, Cut a small piece off either end with a serrated
knife to make a flat surface. Serve with Sweet Chili Scallion Dipping sauce.  
  
Sweet Chili Scallion Dipping Sauce:

  

1/4 cup finely chopped scallions

  

1/4 cup sweet chili Thai sauce *

  

1/2 lime, juiced

  

*available at Asian markets

  

Combine all the ingredients.

  

Yield: about 1/2 cup

  

…

  

~ Posted by Elizabeth

  
  

Nom Nom

  * सभी नोट

  * एम्बेड की गई पोस्ट

  * हिन्दी
  * বাংলা
  * اردو
  * नेपाली
  * ଓଡ଼ିଆ
  * English (UK)
  * Español
  * Português (Brasil)
  * Français (France)
  * Deutsch
  * Italiano
  *  __

  * साइन अप करें
  * लॉग इन करें
  * Messenger
  * Facebook Lite
  * Watch
  * स्थान
  * खेल
  * Marketplace
  * Facebook Pay
  * Oculus
  * पोर्टल
  * Instagram
  * Bulletin
  * स्थानीय
  * अनुदान संचय
  * सेवाएँ
  * वोटिंग सूचना केंद्र
  * ग्रुप
  * परिचय
  * विज्ञापन बनाएँ
  * पेज बनाएँ
  * डेवलपर
  * करियर
  * प्राइवेसी
  * कुकीज़
  * विज्ञापन विकल्प __
  * शर्तें
  * हेल्प सेंटर
  * कॉन्टैक्ट अपलोडिंग और नॉन-यूज़र्स
  * सेटिंग
  * एक्टिविटी लॉग

Meta © 2022

