https://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/thai-ground-pork-salad


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Recipes & Cooking
  * Drinks
  * Travel
  * Holidays + Events
  * News
  * F&W; Classic
  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Subscribe  Subscribe

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore Food & Wine

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * F&W Cooks

####  F&W; Cooks

Food and Wine presents a new network of food pros delivering the most cookable
recipes and delicious ideas online.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

####  Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

Looking to amp up your beef stew but unsure where to start? A slow cooker can
can take your comfort food to the next level.  Read More

    * 50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

####  50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

We’ve assembled a list of 50 of the world’s most reliable, inexpensive wines –
bottles that offer amazing quality for their price year in and year out.  Read
More

  * Recipes & Cooking

### Recipes & Cooking

See All Recipes & Cooking

    * Chicken
    * Comfort Food
    * Breakfast + Brunch
    * Salads
    * Desserts
    * Vegetables
    * Pasta + Noodles
    * Chefs
    * Meat + Poultry
    * Soup
    * Appetizers
    * Side Dishes
    * Fruits
    * Seafood
    * Special Diets
    * Cooking Techniques
    * Steal This Trick

  * Drinks

### Drinks

See All Drinks

    * Wine
    * Spirits
    * Coffee
    * Juices
    * Beer
    * Champagne + Sparkling Wine
    * Tea

  * Travel

### Travel

See All Travel

    * Wine Regions
    * Restaurants

  * Holidays + Events

### Holidays + Events

See All Holidays + Events

    * Valentine's Day
    * Halloween
    * Passover
    * Hanukkah
    * Christmas
    * Gifts
    * Super Bowl
    * Easter
    * Thanksgiving
    * New Year's Eve
    * Holiday Entertaining

  * News
  * F&W; Classic

### F&W; Classic

See All F&W; Classic

    * F&W; Classic Insider
    * Food & Wine Classic in Aspen

  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Subscribe  this link opens in a new tab

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Thai Ground Pork Salad

# Thai Ground Pork Salad

Rating: 4 stars

681 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 0 
  * 4 star values: 681 
  * 3 star values: 0 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 681 Ratings 
  * 2 Reviews 

At Thai restaurants, Tom Mylan usually requests a double order of _larb_ (or
_laab_ ), an addictive appetizer of ground meat spiked with chiles, lime juice
and fish sauce and served with lettuce leaves for wrapping.

By Tom Mylan

December 2009

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Thai Ground Pork Salad

Credit: (C) Con Poulos

## Recipe Summary

total:

40 mins

Yield:

6

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * 2 pounds ground pork 
  * 2 garlic cloves, minced 
  * 2 small shallots, minced 
  * 1 large jalapeño, seeded and minced, plus sliced jalapeño for garnish 
  * Juice of 1 lime, plus lime wedges, for serving 
  * 2 tablespoons Asian fish sauce 
  * 1 teaspoon light brown sugar 
  * 1 teaspoon Sriracha (chile sauce), plus more for serving 
  * 1 tablespoon vegetable oil 
  * 1/2 cup chopped cilantro 
  * 1/2 cup chopped mint 
  * 1/2 cup chopped basil 
  * Salt and freshly ground pepper 
  * 1 cup chopped salted peanuts 
  * 1 large head Boston or other leafy lettuce, separated into leaves 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

In a bowl, mix the pork, garlic, shallots and minced jalapeño. In a small
bowl, whisk the lime juice, fish sauce, brown sugar and the 1 teaspoon of
Sriracha.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

In a skillet, heat the oil. Add the pork mixture and cook over high heat,
stirring to break up the meat, until no pink remains, 5 minutes. Remove from
the heat and stir in the lime juice mixture. Let stand for 5 minutes. Transfer
the meat to a bowl; stir in the herbs. Season with salt and pepper. Top with
the peanuts and sliced jalapeños. Serve with lime wedges, Sriracha and lettuce
for wrapping.

##  Suggested Pairing

Like many southeast-Asian dishes, _larb_ combines sweet, spicy and tangy
flavors, making it tough to match with wines unless they're sweet and tangy,
too. An off-dry Riesling from Washington state is ideal.

Advertisement

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews (2)

Add Rating & Review

Sort by:  Newest

Newest Oldest

JEREMY

Rating: Unrated

10/04/2019

I make this all the time! It's amazingly flavorful! The only thing I do
different is instead of lettuce wraps, I shred a head of lettuce and a head of
butter lettuce and make salads out of it. A family favorite for sure!

Mike Gottselig

Rating: Unrated

08/25/2019

It's NOT Thai if it has Japaleños. My mom never used japeloñes. That's a
Mexican pepper.

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Thai Ground Pork Salad

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Thai Ground Pork Salad

##  All Reviews for Thai Ground Pork Salad

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Food & Wine

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Books from Food & Wine
  * Contact Us
  * Advertise
  * Content Licensing
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithFood & Wine is part of the Meredith Corporation Allrecipes Food Group.
(C) Copyright 2022 Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Privacy
Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in a new
tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis link
opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Food & Wine. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.foodandwine.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Thai Ground Pork Salad

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

