https://www.marthastewart.com/342084/chopped-salad-with-spicy-pork-and-butter


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Martha Stewart Martha Stewart

  * FOOD
  * HOLIDAYS
  * ENTERTAINING
  * HOME
  * GARDENING
  * CLEANING & ORGANIZING
  * WEDDINGS
  * SHOP
  * DIY
  * BEAUTY & WELLNESS
  * LIFE
  * NEWS
  * MARTHA'S BLOG
  * About Us

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Martha's Blog

Your Account

Your Account

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Email Preferences
  * Newsletter
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us
  * Your Content
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Enter to Win $10,000 to Makeover Your Home!
  * Martha's Blog
  * Weddings

Login

Pin

Close this dialog window

## Explore Martha Stewart

Martha Stewart Martha Stewart

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * 7 Things to Do in the Morning to Be Healthier and More Productive

####  7 Things to Do in the Morning to Be Healthier and More Productive

Kick-start your day by making habits out of these mood-boosting tips.  Read
More

    * Should You Refrigerate Bananas?

####  Should You Refrigerate Bananas?

It's one of your favorite fruits, but does it belong on the counter or in the
refrigerator?  Read More

    * This 3-Ingredient Homemade Weed Killer Uses Vinegar to Safely Remove Pesky Growths from Your Garden

####  This 3-Ingredient Homemade Weed Killer Uses Vinegar to Safely Remove
Pesky Growths from Your Garden

A few easy-to-find ingredients are all you need to create a powerful formula
that squashes weeds.  Read More

  * FOOD

### FOOD

See All FOOD

Our 20 Most Popular Recipes for Summer

####  Our 20 Most Popular Recipes for Summer

    * Breakfast & Brunch Recipes
    * Lunch Recipes
    * Dinner Recipes
    * Appetizers & Snacks
    * Dessert Recipes
    * Drink Recipes
    * Salad Recipes
    * Side Dishes
    * Soup Recipes
    * Healthy Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes
    * Cooking How-Tos
    * Baking
    * Menu Planning
    * Food News & Trends
    * Wine
    * Mastering the Holiday Meal
    * What's for Dinner
    * All Recipes

  * HOLIDAYS

### HOLIDAYS

See All HOLIDAYS

The Most Patriotic Flowers for the Fourth of July, According to Symbolism

####  The Most Patriotic Flowers for the Fourth of July, According to
Symbolism

Show your love of country by displaying these varieties on America's birthday.

    * Father's Day
    * Fourth of July
    * Halloween
    * Thanksgiving
    * Hanukkah
    * Christmas
    * New Year's Eve
    * Valentine's Day
    * St. Patricks Day
    * Passover
    * Easter
    * Mother's Day

  * ENTERTAINING

### ENTERTAINING

See All ENTERTAINING

How to Start Entertaining Friends and Family More Regularly

####  How to Start Entertaining Friends and Family More Regularly

Make gathering with loved ones a priority.

    * Seasonal Entertaining & Decorating
    * Baby Shower Ideas
    * Dinner Party Ideas
    * You're Invited

  * HOME

### HOME

See All HOME

We're Putting Up Walls Again—Is the Open Floor Plan on Its Way Out?

####  We're Putting Up Walls Again—Is the Open Floor Plan on Its Way Out?

We asked the experts to weigh in on this popular home design concept.

    * Home Design & Decor
    * Paint Colors & Palettes
    * DIY Home Projects
    * The Well-Kept Home

  * GARDENING

### GARDENING

See All GARDENING

A Month-by-Month Hydrangea Care Guide

####  A Month-by-Month Hydrangea Care Guide

Confused about when to do what to your favorite flowering shrubs? We have you
covered.

    * Container Gardening
    * Flower Gardens
    * Houseplants
    * Landscaping
    * Vegetable Gardens

  * CLEANING & ORGANIZING

### CLEANING & ORGANIZING

How to Wash Pillows

####  How to Wash Pillows

They're an essential element of a comfortable bed, so keep yours fresh and in
their best shape ever with these expert-approved tips.

    * Cleaning
    * Storage & Organization
    * Laundry & Linens

  * WEDDINGS

### WEDDINGS

See All WEDDINGS

Who Pays for What for the Wedding?

####  Who Pays for What for the Wedding?

Get the traditional rules for who pays for the wedding details.

    * Real Weddings
    * Wedding Party
    * Wedding Planning & Advice
    * Wedding Ceremony & Reception
    * Wedding Jewelry
    * Dresses & Style
    * Wedding Beauty & Wellness
    * Wedding Registry
    * Wedding Showers & Parties
    * Love & Marriage
    * Wedding Travel

  * SHOP
  * DIY

### DIY

See All DIY

How to Melt and Reuse the Leftover Wax from Candles

####  How to Melt and Reuse the Leftover Wax from Candles

Our easy melt-and-pour method saves the last bit of this home essential.

    * Dyeing
    * Holiday Crafts
    * Kids' Crafts
    * Knitting
    * Paper Crafts
    * Sewing
    * Rescue & Revamp

  * BEAUTY & WELLNESS

### BEAUTY & WELLNESS

Can Rice Water Really Encourage Hair Growth?

####  Can Rice Water Really Encourage Hair Growth?

This buzzy ingredient is a star player in many new-age hair care products.

    * Beauty
    * Health & Wellness
    * Live Well

  * LIFE

### LIFE

See All LIFE

    * Family
    * Pets
    * Travel
    * Net Worth

  * NEWS
  * MARTHA'S BLOG
  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Martha's Blog

Your Account

Your Account

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Email Preferences
  * Newsletter
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us
  * Your Content
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Enter to Win $10,000 to Makeover Your Home!
  * Martha's Blog
  * Weddings

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. marthastewart.com
  2. Food & Cooking
  3. Recipes
  4. Ingredients
  5. Meat & Poultry
  6. Pork Recipes
  7. Chopped Salad with Spicy Pork and Buttermilk Dressing

# Chopped Salad with Spicy Pork and Buttermilk Dressing

Rating: 3.71 stars

14 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 4 
  * 4 star values: 4 
  * 3 star values: 4 
  * 2 star values: 2 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review

  * 14 Ratings 
  * 3 Reviews 

Low-fat buttermilk is surprisingly creamy; in this Southwestern salad, it's
mixed with light mayo, scallions, and garlic for a perky dressing.

Everyday Food, January/February 2008

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Chopped Salad with Spicy Pork and Buttermilk Dressing

## Recipe Summary

prep:

30 mins

total:

30 mins

Servings:

4

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1/2 teaspoon chipotle chile powder 
  * Coarse salt and ground pepper 
  * 1 pork tenderloin (about 1 pound) 
  * 1/2 cup low-fat buttermilk 
  * 3 tablespoons light mayonnaise 
  * 2 scallions, whites minced and greens thinly sliced, separated 
  * 1 garlic clove, crushed through a press 
  * 1 head romaine lettuce (1 1/4 pounds), trimmed and chopped 
  * 1 pint cherry tomatoes, quartered 
  * 1 package (10 ounces) frozen corn kernels, thawed and patted dry 
  * 2 ounces pepper Jack cheese, cubed 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Heat broiler, with rack set 4 inches from heat. Line a rimmed baking sheet
with aluminum foil. In a small bowl, combine chile powder, 1 teaspoon salt,
and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Place pork on prepared baking sheet; rub with spice
mixture.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Broil pork until an instant-read thermometer inserted in thickest part
registers 145 degrees, 14 to 16 minutes, turning twice during cooking. Let
pork rest 10 minutes, then cut into bite-size chunks.

  * Step 3

Make dressing: In a large bowl, whisk together buttermilk, mayonnaise,
scallion whites, and garlic; season with salt and pepper.

  * Step 4

Add romaine, tomatoes, corn, cheese, scallion greens, and pork to the bowl.
Toss to combine, and serve immediately.

##  Cook's Notes

To neatly cut up a head of romaine, halve it through the core and make a few
evenly spaced cuts lengthwise, leaving core intact. Chop crosswise into bite-
size pieces.

Advertisement

##  Reviews (3)

Add Rating & Review

14 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 4 
  * 4 star values: 4 
  * 3 star values: 4 
  * 2 star values: 2 
  * 1 star values: 0 

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: 4 stars

05/20/2014

This one's a keeper. It was served as a quick dinner on a warm evening. Used
homemade chili powder instead of chipotle, and a salad mix of dark greens
instead of romaine. I'd never broiled a pork loin before, and cooked it per
the directions. It was 141 degrees in 16 minutes (I turned it four times) so
you can't get any better than that. I doubled the dressing recipe so I'd have
some for lunch salads the rest of the week. I'll definitely make this again.

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

10/13/2010

Very yummy. Substituted 2t smoked paprika for the chipotle powder as we don't
care for super spicy. Also used applewood smoked cheddar instead of pepper
jack. My 8yo daughter says "awesome!" We will definitely make this again :)

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

09/30/2010

+substituted+with+boneless+skinless+chicken+breast%27s%2C+used+canned+adobe+chipolte%27s+about+3.+I+grilled+the+chicken+inside+on+a+grill+pan.+I+added+fresh+corn%2C+avocado+and+some+red+bell+pepper.+It+was+very+good+and+tasted+like+a+southwest+salad+you+would+get+at+the+California+pizza+kitchen.

Advertisement

Back to Chopped Salad with Spicy Pork and Buttermilk Dressing

##  All Reviews for Chopped Salad with Spicy Pork and Buttermilk Dressing

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Back to Recipe

##  Review this recipe

Chopped Salad with Spicy Pork and Buttermilk Dressing

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Submit

Success!Thanks for adding your feedback.

Martha Stewart

##

## Learn More

  * Contact Us
  * Customer Service
  * Media Kit
  * Martha's Blog
  * Advertise
  * Content Licensing
  * FAQ
  * Corporate
  * International
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithMartha Stewart is part of the Meredith Home Group. © Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policythis link opens in a
new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens
in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis link opens a modal window Web
Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Martha Stewart. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.marthastewart.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Chopped Salad with Spicy Pork and Buttermilk Dressing

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

