https://allwaysdelicious.com/pork-and-shrimp-wonton-soup/


Skip to content

Menu

Menu

  * My Cookbooks
  * About
  * Contact
  * Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * Appetizer Recipes
    * Baking Recipes
    * Breakfast and Brunch
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Cooking for Two Recipes
    * Dessert Recipes
    * Fish and Seafood
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Jewish Recipes
    * Main Dish Recipes
    * Meat Recipes
    * Salad Recipes
    * Sauce Recipes
    * Side Dish Recipes
    * Soups and Stews
    * Vegetarian Recipes

Home » Soups and Stews » Pork and Shrimp Wonton Soup

# Pork and Shrimp Wonton Soup

March 17, 2022January 22, 2022 by Robin Donovan

801 shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe

Pork and Shrimp Wonton Soup is my second favorite Chinese soup. I’ll tell you
about my favorite later, but for now, let’s focus on this savory broth studded
with juicy, flavorful homemade wontons. It’s a massively comforting, crazy
delicious meal that can be on the table in under 30 minutes.

_This post may contain affiliate links. As an Amazon Associate, I earn from
qualifying purchases._

You might be thinking, “Whoa! Hold on there! I can’t make my own wontons!”
And, while you are absolutely free to purchase frozen wontons for this soup, I
guarantee you that you CAN make them. Not only that, but with my simple recipe
and step-by-step instructions, you can easily master this culinary feat in
mere!

And the wonton soup broth is even easier to make! You'll just combine chicken
broth with a few seasonings and cook shrimp and bok choy right in the broth.

I really love this homemade wonton soup, but as I mentioned before, it is not
my number one favorite, but only because I think Hot and Sour Soup, my
absolute fave, is the secret cure for the common cold (and also really
delicious!)

## **Why you should make your own wontons and homemade wonton soup?**

I am arguably not a typical home cook, so you might be skeptical when I say
that making homemade wontons is not only worth the effort, but actually very
easy. You’re just going to have to trust me on this: You can make your own
wontons (and wonton soup!) in less time than it would take you to order take
out and pick it up.

If you have an Asian supermarket nearby, you might be able to buy decent
frozen wontons. But I’m telling you, these homemade pork and shrimp wontons
are a thousand times better. And I would never lie about something this
important.

I have posted this basic pork and shrimp wonton recipe before (try my Fried
Pork and Shrimp Wontons or Air Fryer Wontons). I love wontons deep fried or
air fried until they're crunchy, but I also love wonton soup. Fortunately, the
same wontons work just as well in this wonton soup recipe as fried!

I buy my wonton wrappers because the ones you buy from the store are pretty
good and making them at home adds a lot of time and, frankly, they aren't as
consistent as store-bought. You can find wonton wrappers in most supermarkets,
usually in the produce section or wherever they put the tofu.

## **What ingredients do you need to make this wonton soup recipe?**

 The ingredients for this pork and shrimp wonton soup recipe are easy to find
in any supermarket. Here's what you need (note that the complete recipe, with
measurements and step-by-step instructions, is included at the bottom of this
post):

  * Ground pork (you could substitute ground chicken or ground turkey)
  * Shrimp
  * Green onions
  * Soy sauce
  * Sesame oil
  * Fresh ginger
  * Garlic
  * Cornstarch
  * Salt
  * White pepper
  * Wonton wrappers
  * Chicken broth
  * Shiaoxing wine (or substitute sake or any dry white wine)
  * Bok choy

## **How do you make pork and shrimp wonton soup?**

It's easy to make both the pork and shrimp wontons and the homemade wonton
soup broth. Put them together for a quick, filling, and healthy meal. Here's
how (note that the complete recipe, with measurements and step-by-step
instructions, is included at the bottom of this post):

  1. First, make the wontons by mixing the filling ingredients together. The wonton filling is made of ground pork, shrimp, green onions, soy sauce, sesame oil, ginger, garlic, salt, white pepper, and cornstarch.
  2. Place a spoonful of filling on a wonton wrapper, fold it over into triangle, sealing the edges with a little water if necessary. Next, holding the corners of the long side of the triangle and bring them together to form the traditional purse shape. Use a bit of water to seal the corners to each other. Repeat with the remaining wrappers and filling, arranging them on a parchment lined baking sheet.
  3. Once the wontons are filled, make the wonton soup broth. Heat the chicken broth with ginger, soy sauce, cooking wine, and sesame oil and simmer. Add the bok choy, shrimp, and green onions and simmer until the shrimp is cooked.
  4. While the soup is simmering, boil water to cook the wontons. Drop the wontons into the boiling water (cook them in batches to avoid crowding) and cook until the wontons float to the top, about 5 minutes.
  5. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the shrimp and bok choy to serving bowls, dividing equally. Next, place cooked wontons in each serving bowl. Ladle the wonton soup broth over the ingredients in the bowl and serve immediately.

put all the filling ingredients in a bowl. mix the filling ingredients well.
fill and shape the wontons. wontons are ready to boil!

## **How to serve this homemade wonton soup recipe?**

I often serve this wonton soup as a full meal. It has everything you need:
protein, starch, veggies. Or sometimes I serve it with Pork Fried Rice,
Singapore Rice Noodles, Kung Pao Chicken, Szechuan Shrimp, Sweet and Sour
Tofu, Salt and Pepper Chicken, or Air Fryer Salt and Pepper Tofu.

## **Homemade Wonton Soup Frequently Asked Questions**

****WHAT IS THE BEST WONTON WRAPPER TO BUY?****

I have used a lot of different wonton wrappers and they have all worked well.
My recommendation is to buy whatever wonton wrappers you can find easily in
your supermarket. You'll usually find the wonton wrappers in the produce
section alongside the tofu. If you can't find them there, try the freezer
section or fresh pasta section.

****HOW MANY WONTONS SHOULD YOU MAKE PER PERSON?****

Cook 3 to 5 wontons per serving. For 4 servings, I usually cook around 16, but
you should do more depending on how hungry your people are.

****WHY BOIL WONTONS SEPARATELY****

If you boil the wontons in the soup, the broth becomes cloudy and starchy. I
like to boil the wontons separately to keep the broth nice and clear.

****WHAT IF I WANT TO USE FROZEN WONTONS?****

You can absolutely use frozen wontons if you really want to. Asian
supermarkets like Ranch 99 carry some good quality pork and shrimp wontons (or
you can substitute chicken or vegetarian frozen wontons if you like).

****What can I substitute for the ground pork?****

If you don't eat pork, you can substitute ground chicken or ground turkey. And
if you don't eat shrimp, feel free to leave the shrimp out of the filling,
just adding a bit more of the ground meat or substituting chopped mushrooms
for the shrimp. You can leave the shrimp out of the broth, too, or substitute
mushrooms.

****CAN I USE LOWER SODIUM SOY SAUCE?****

You can definitely substitute lower sodium soy sauce for regular soy sauce if
you are watching your sodium intake. I always have lower sodium soy sauce on
hand because we prefer it for dipping sauces. But for seasoning dishes, I
usually use the regular soy sauce since the salty flavor is exactly what I am
using it for.

**What can I do with extra wontons?**

You can freeze the extra wontons for another meal. Arrange the uncooked
wontons in a single layer on a baking sheet and freeze. Once frozen, transfer
them to a resealable plastic bag. They'll keep in the freezer for 3 months. To
cook them, drop the frozen wontons into boiling water.

## More shrimp recipes you'll love

Looking for more shrimp recipes? Try this Camarones a la Diabla, Camarones al
Mojo de Ajo, Szechuan Shrimp, or Shrimp and Chorizo Tacos.

Continue to Content

Yield: Serves 4

## Pork & Shrimp Wonton Soup

Print

I cannot get enough of this savory broth studded with juicy, flavorful
homemade wontons. It’s a massively comforting, crazy delicious meal that can
be on the table in under 30 minutes.

**Prep Time** 15 minutes

**Cook Time** 15 minutes

**Total Time** 30 minutes

### Ingredients

#### For the wontons

  * ¾ pound ground pork 
  * ½ pound peeled and deveined shrimp, finely chopped 
  * 4 green onions, thinly sliced 
  * 1 tablespoon soy sauce 
  * 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil 
  * 1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger 
  * 1 small garlic clove, minced 
  * 1 teaspoon cornstarch 
  * ½ teaspoon kosher salt 
  * ¼ teaspoon ground white pepper 
  * 12-ounce package square wonton wrappers 

#### For the soup

  * 6 cups chicken broth 
  * 1 tablespoon minced ginger 
  * 2 tablespoons soy sauce 
  * 1 tablespoon Shiaoxing wine (or substitute sake or dry white wine) 
  * 1 tablespoon sesame oil 
  * 4 to 6 leaves bok choy 
  * ½ pound shrimp, peeled and deveined 
  * 3 scallions, thinly sliced 
  * 

### Instructions

  1. To make the wontons, In a large bowl combine the pork, shrimp, green onions, soy sauce, sesame oil, ginger, garlic, cornstarch, salt, and white pepper and mix well.
  2. Working with one wonton wrapper at a time, lightly brush the edges of two adjacent sides of the wrapper with water and place about 1 teaspoon of the filling in the center. Fold over one corner of the wrapper so that the two moistened sides meet the two unmoistened sides, creating a triangle. Press the sides together to seal. Then, hold the corners of the long side of the triangle and bring them together to form the traditional purse shape. Use a bit of water to seal the corners to each other. Repeat with the remaining wrappers and filling, arranging them on a parchment lined baking sheet.
  3. To make the soup, in a medium saucepan over high heat, combine the broth, ginger, soy sauce, cooking wine, and sesame oil and bring to a simmer. 
  4. Cover the pot, reduce the heat to medium, and let simmer for about 10 minutes. Add the bok choy, shrimp, and green onions to the broth and cook until the shrimp are pink and cooked through, about 2 minutes.
  5. Meanwhile, bring a large saucepan of water to a boil. Drop in the wontons (cook them in batches to avoid crowding) and cook until the wontons float to the top, about 5 minutes. Cook 3 to 5 wontons per serving. For 4 servings, I usually cook around 16, but you should do more depending on how hungry your people are. 
  6. Using a slotted spoon, transfer the shrimp and bok choy to 4 serving bowls, dividing equally. Next, place cooked wontons in each serving bowl.
  7. Serve the soup by ladling the broth over the shrimp, wontons, and bok choy. 
  8. Serve immediately.  

#### Nutrition Information

#### Yield

4

#### Serving Size

1  
_Amount Per Serving_ Calories 578Total Fat 26gSaturated Fat 8gTrans Fat
0gUnsaturated Fat 15gCholesterol 447mgSodium 3976mgCarbohydrates 14gFiber
3gSugar 4gProtein 69g

_Nutrient values are estimates only. Variations may occur due to product
availability and manner of food preparation. Nutrition may vary based on
methods of preparation, origin, freshness of ingredients, and other factors._

### PIN THIS RECIPE FOR LATER!

Follow Me: @allwaysdelicious and tag #allwaysdelicious

(C) Robin Donovan

**Cuisine:** Chinese  / **Category:** Soups and Stews

Categories Soups and Stews Tags Chinese By Robin Donovan on January 22nd, 2022

#### About Robin Donovan

  
Hi, I’m Robin! I am a full-time food blogger, recipe developer, and cookbook
author. I spend my days cooking, writing about, and photographing food.  
  
I’m the author of more than 40 cookbooks, including _Ramen for Beginners_ , _5
Ingredient Cooking for Two, Sushi at Home_, _The Baking Cookbook for Teens_ ,
and the bestselling _Campfire Cuisine_.  
  
My food writing has also been featured in major print and online pubications
including _Cooking Light_ , _Fitness_ , _San Jose Mercury News_ , _San
Francisco Chronicle_ , and other popular publications.  
  
→ More about Robin  

More posts by this author.

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Comment

Name Email Website

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Check out my cookbooks!

## About Robin

Welcome to All Ways Delicious! I’m Robin, a cookbook author, recipe developer,
and obsessive home cook. From my small kitchen in Berkeley, I share globally-
inspired recipes that are easy, fresh, family friendly, and healthy(ish).
Let’s make every meal a flavor adventure.

(C) 2022 All Ways Delicious | Privacy Policy | Contact Us  
Built by ericjohnson.guru  
Stories

Skip to Recipe

801 shares

  * 204
  * 597
  *   *   * 

