https://www.goodfood.com.au/recipes/prawn-wontons-with-spring-onion-ginger-and-vinegar-dressing-recipe-20170306-gurolt


# Good Food

### Select

Everything Recipes Restaurants Search Site

  * Home
  * Eat Out

    * News
    * Best Ofs
    * Restaurants
    * Cafes
    * Bars
    * Pubs
    * Just Open
    * Suburb Guides

  * Good Food Guide 
  * Recipes

    * Recipe Collections
    * Weekly Meal Plans
    * How-to
    * Food News

  * Staying In
  * Drinks

    * Wine
    * Beer & Cider
    * Cocktails & Spirits
    * Coffee

  * Travel

    * Victoria
    * NSW
    * ACT
    * Queensland
    * South Australia
    * Tasmania
    * Western Australia
    * International

  * Good Food Kitchen

  1. Home
  2. Recipes 

# Prawn wontons with spring onion, ginger and vinegar dressing recipe

  * ##### Kylie Kwong

Time:

    30 mins - 1 hour
Serves:

    2-4

  * facebook SHARE
  * pinterest PIN
  * twitter
  * email

  * Print

Silky, mouth-watering, delectable, clean-tasting wontons. Photo: William
Meppem

Good quality wonton wrappers and super fresh Australian prawns, when boiled,
transform into silky, mouth-watering, delectable, clean-tasting wontons. A
version of this recipe, steamed prawn wontons with organic brown rice vinegar
dressing, has been a staple on my Billy Kwong menu for the past 16 years, and
at our large Kwong family gatherings.

## Ingredients

###

**Dressing**

2½ tbsp light soy sauce

1 tbsp finely diced ginger

1 tbsp finely diced garlic

2 tbsp finely sliced spring onions

2 tbsp finely diced celery

2 tbsp kecap manis

2 tbsp malt vinegar

¼ tsp chilli oil

½ tsp sesame oil

**Wontons**

9 uncooked medium-sized prawns (about 300g)

2 tbsp finely sliced spring onion

1½ tsp finely diced ginger

1 tsp shao hsing wine or dry sherry

1 tsp light soy sauce

¼ tsp white sugar

¼ tsp sesame oil

16 fresh wonton wrappers, about 7cm square

## Method

**1.** Combine soy sauce, ginger, garlic, spring onions, celery, kecap manis,
vinegar and both oils in a bowl and set aside.

**2.** Peel and de-vein prawns, then dice prawn meat – you should have about
150 grams of diced prawn meat. Combine prawn meat with remaining ingredients,
except wonton wrappers, in a bowl, cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes.

**Fill and shape wontons:**

**3.** Place a rounded teaspoon of the prawn filling in the centre of a wonton
wrapper. Dip your finger in water and moisten the edges of the wrapper.

**4.** Fold the wrapper in half to enclose the filling, creating a rectangle.
Press lightly around filling and along edges to seal.

**5.** Hold the wonton lengthways in between your hands and fold the sealed
edge of the wonton back in on itself.

**6.** Lightly moisten one corner of the folded edge with water. Take the two
ends in your fingers, bring them together with a twisting action, and press
them lightly to join.

**7.** Repeat with remaining filling and wrappers.

**8.** Bring a large saucepan of water to the boil. Carefully drop wontons, in
batches, into the water and cook for two minutes, or until they are just
cooked. To test the wontons, you will need to remove one using a slotted spoon
and cut into it with a sharp knife to see if the prawns are cooked through.
Remove wontons with a slotted spoon and drain. Repeat process with remaining
wontons.

**9.** Arrange wontons on a platter and serve immediately, drizzled with
dressing.

Serve as part of a shared meal with **Kylie Kwong's everyday fried rice**
(optional).

**TIPS:**

■ Fresh wonton wrappers are available not only in all Asian grocery stores but
also in the refrigerated sections of most supermarkets.

■ Sprinkle finished dish with Sichuan pepper and salt for an extra layer of
flavour: combine one tablespoon Sichuan peppercorns with three tablespoons
salt flakes. Dry roast over medium-heat, tossing occasionally. Once the
peppercorns begin to pop and become aromatic, about 1-2 minutes, take off the
heat. Allow to cool then coarsely grind using a mortar and pestle or spice
grinder. Store in an airtight container for several weeks.  

■ It is fine to omit the chilli oil.

■ Boil the wontons and serve them instead in a light broth (fish, chicken,
vegetable broth best ) for a simple version of prawn wonton soup – I season my
Chinese soups with light soy to taste and a touch of sesame oil. Bring the
broth to the boil, season, then add some freshly trimmed and washed bok choy
leaves and some finely sliced fresh Asian-style mushrooms, cooking for one
minute. Place boiled wontons into a bowl, ladle over the hot broth.

■ You could deep-fry these wontons for crispy prawn wontons. Heat vegetable
oil in a hot wok until the surface seems to shimmer slightly. Carefully add
the wontons in batches and deep-fry for about two minutes or until just cooked
and lightly browned. To test the wontons, remove one using a slotted spoon and
cut into it to see if the prawns are cooked through. Remove wontons with a
slotted spoon and drain on kitchen paper. I would serve these wontons with a
sauce such as sweet chilli or sweet and sour.

Advertisement

## Similar recipes

#### EASY

###  Korean noodles with spicy broth

  * Karen Martini
  * < 30 mins

  * Contains:

#### MEDIUM

###  Mexican beef cheek stew with quick beans and rice

  * Katrina Meynink
  * 2 hours +

  * Contains:

#### EASY

###  Charred chicken cutlets with kampot pepper

  * Karen Martini
  * 1-2 hours

  * Contains:

#### MEDIUM

###  Chicken and scorched chilli mole

  * Karen Martini
  * 1-2 hours

  * Contains:

#### EASY

###  Ma po tofu with chicken and wood ear fungus

  * Karen Martini
  * < 30 mins

  * Contains:

## Promotions

###  Give the gift of good food with Good Food restaurant gift cards  

  * Contains:

###  Catch up on the recipes from our TV show Good Food Kitchen

  * Contains:

###  Our second cookbook New Classics is out now

  * Contains:

Advertisement

### Follow us

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Pinterest
  * Instagram
  * Subscribe

###  Home

### Top Recipes

  * Quiche 
  * Lasagne
  * Pumpkin soup 
  * Chicken parmigiana

### Top Ingredients

  * Chicken
  * Pumpkin
  * Banana
  * Lamb
  * Beef

### Highly Rated

  * Pork belly 
  * Vegetable lasagne 
  * Greek salad
  * Mexican salsa

### Popular How-to's

  * Choc-chip cookies  

  * Poaching an egg  

  * Scrambled eggs  

  * Make a latte  

### Restaurants by city

  * Sydney
  * Melbourne
  * Brisbane
  * Perth
  * Canberra

##### Explore all our sites covering travel, entertainment, lifestyle and
parenting

  * Good Food Month
  * Essential Kids
  * Essential Baby
  * Traveller
  * American Express Openair Cinemas

  * About us
  * Contact us
  * Newsletter
  * Good Food Gift Card
  * Advertise with us
  * Privacy statement
  * Terms of use
  * Sitemap
  * Feedback

  * The Sydney Morning Herald
  * The Age
  * Domain
  * Home Price Guide
  * RSVP

###### Copyright (C) 2022

