https://tiffycooks.com/shrimp-wontons-two-different-methods/


  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Search By Ingredients
      * Beef
      * Pork
      * Chicken
      * Vegetarian
      * Seafood
      * Rice/Noodle
    * Search By Series
      * Dinner Ideas
      * 20 Minutes or Less
      * Vegetarian Friendly
      * Better Than Takeout
      * Freezer Friendly Recipes
      * Appetizers
      * Air Fryer Recipes
      * Instant Pot Recipes
      * Desserts
  * HOW TO START A BLOG
    * HOW MUCH MONEY DO I MAKE AS A FOOD BLOGGER?
    * HOW TO START A BLOG THAT MAKES MONEY!
    * HOW I TRANSITIONED FROM 9-5 TO FT FOOD BLOGGER
    * TOP BLOGGING RECOMMENDATIONS (Courses, Apps, Equipment)
    * How I Manage My Time as an FT Content Creator
  * TRAVEL WITH TIFFY
    * BEST CHEAP EATS IN VANCOUVER (UNDER $20!)
    * 15 MUST-TRY RESTAURANTS IN OAHU, HAWAII
    * What to do in Toronto in 48 Hours
    * Best Bubble Tea In Vancouver
  * Kitchen Essential
    * Condiments
    * Gadgets
    * BEST AIR FRYERS ON AMAZON
    * BEST BLENDERS ON AMAZON

__ __ __

  * 

Tiffy Cooks

Easy Asian Recipes

21 Days of Dinner Idea, 21 Days of Street Food, Appetizers, Better Than
Takeout, Dinner Ideas, Freezer Friendly Recipes, Holiday Series, Nightmarket
Series, Recipes, Seafood, Search By Ingredients, Search By Series, Takeout
Series * September 23, 2021

# Shrimp Wontons (Two Different Methods!)

## How do you like to enjoy your **_JUICY shrimp wontons_**? **_Fried till
crispy and golden brown_** , or boiled and **_tossed in spicy garlic sauce?_**

These extra juicy Shrimp Wontons are packed with hand-chopped prawns and
seasoned to perfection.

You will never believe how easy it is to make at home! Today, I will share
**_two different methods_** of enjoying Shrimp Wontons and the ** _freezing
method to make them in bulk._**

## Shrimp Wontons are **_super easy to make at home_** , all you need is a few
simple ingredients, and you got **_restaurant-quality style wontons at
home._**

You can buy pre-minced shrimp, but I like to hand-chopped them for the best
texture. Hand chopping takes an extra 5 minutes, but it is so worth it.

Another secret ingredient I use in all my wonton and dumplings recipes is
**_dashi powder._** Dashi Powder adds umami flavor, which gives your wontons
restaurant-quality flavor.

## The first way to enjoy Shrimp Wontons is by boiling them, and you can enjoy
them in soup or toss in spicy garlic chili oil.

## Boiling Instruction:

  1. Fill a pot of water with water and turn the heat to medium-high. Once the water is simmering, add in the wontons. 
  2. Cook the wontons for 4-5 minutes or until they start to float. Once it floats, cook for another 1 minute. 

## I am using my family secret **_Spicy Garlic Chili Paste_** that I shared
for the sauce, which is a must-have condiment in your fridge!

Depending on your spice tolerance, you can **_adjust the amount of Chili Paste
to your liking._** Today I am making a mild version; if you want to add more
heat, you can increase chili paste.

## The second way to enjoy Shrimp Wontons is deep frying them till crispy and
golden brown.

Deeping Frying is my favorite way to enjoy Shrimp Wontons. The wonton wrapper
becomes super crisp, while the filling is still juicy.

## Deep Frying Instruction:

  1. In a pot, add in oil and turn the heat to medium-high. Once the oil becomes hot, gently add in the wontons. 
  2. Fry for wontons for 4-5 minutes or until crispy and golden brown. 

## These Shrimp Wontons can last in the **_freezer for up to 2 months._**

First, to store these in the freezer, freeze the wontons making sure they are
not stuck together on parchment paperwork for 2 hours.

Once the wontons harden, you can add them into ziplock bags. Ensure not to add
the wontons into the bags until they are fully frozen to prevent them from
sticking together.

## Do you want more  **freezer-friendly recipes**? Here are some of my
favorite recipes to make in bulk!

  * Whole Shrimp Potsticker with fluffy Egg Skirt (VIRAL!)
  * Chicken Bao (Fluffy & Juicy!)
  * The BEST Pork and Chives Dumplings
  * Chicken Dumplings (SUPER JUICY)

## Ingredients

  * 2 lb of Prawns (chopped/minced) 
  * 4 stalks of Green Onion (chopped) 
  * 2.5 tbsp of Ginger (grated) 
  * 1 tbsp of Dashi Stock or Chicken Powder 
  * 2 tsp of White Pepper 
  * 1 tbsp of Oyster Sauce (optional)
  * 1.5 tbsp of Sesame Oil
  * 1 Egg White
  * 40 Wrappers

**_Spicy Sauce (15 Wontons)_**

  * 4 cloves of Garlic (minced) 
  * 2 tbsp of Black Vinegar 
  * 1 tsp of Red Chili Flakes 
  * 1.5 tbsp of Homemade Garlic Chili Paste
  * 1 tbsp of Sesame Seeds 
  * 3 tbsp of Oil

  1. Mix chopped shrimp, oyster sauce, ginger, white pepper, dashi powder, sesame oil, Egg white, and chopped green onion. Take 1 tsp of the filling and microwave for 30 seconds to see if you need additional seasoning. 
  2. Take 1 piece of wrapper and place 1 tbsp of filling in the middle. Apply water over the ends and fold the wontons in half. 
  3. Fold 1/4 of the top section down and connect the bottom two edges to form a wonton shape. (Refer to video and picture tutorial)

  4. In a pot, add in water and bring it to a boil. Once the water is boiling, add in wontons and cook until it is floating. Once floating, cook for another 2 minutes. 
  5. Add black vinegar, red chili flakes, homemade chili paste, sesame seeds, and minced garlic in a bowl. Heat 4 tbsp of oil and pour the oil over the minced garlic. Mix and set aside. 
  6. Once the wontons are cooked, drain and add in the bowl of garlic chili oil. Mix until every piece of wonton is coated in the oil. Garnish with sesame seeds and green onion.

Print

## Shrimp Wontons

How do you like to enjoy your JUICY shrimp wontons? Fried till crispy and
golden brown, or boiled and tossed in spicy garlic sauce? These extra juicy
Shrimp Wontons are packed with hand-chopped prawns and seasoned to perfection.
You will never believe how easy it is to make at home! Today, I will share two
different methods of enjoying Shrimp Wontons and the freezing method to make
them in bulk.

Prep Time10 mins

Active Time25 mins

Total Time35 mins

Yield: 40 Wontons

### Materials

  * 2 lb of Prawns chopped/minced
  * 4 stalks of Green Onion chopped
  * 2.5 tbsp of Ginger grated
  * 1 tbsp of Dashi Stock or Chicken Powder
  * 2 tsp of White Pepper
  * 1 tbsp of Oyster Sauce optional
  * 1.5 tbsp of Sesame Oil
  * 1 Egg White
  * 40 Wrappers

#### Spicy Sauce

  * 4 cloves of Garlic minced
  * 2 tbsp of Black Vinegar
  * 1 tsp of Red Chili Flakes
  * 1.5 tbsp of Homemade Garlic Chili Paste
  * 1 tbsp of Sesame Seeds
  * 3 tbsp of Oil

### Instructions

  * Mix chopped shrimp, oyster sauce, ginger, white pepper, dashi powder, sesame oil, Egg white, and chopped green onion. Take 1 tsp of the filling and microwave for 30 seconds to see if you need additional seasoning.

  * Take 1 piece of wrapper and place 1 tbsp of filling in the middle. Apply water over the ends and fold the wontons in half.

  * Fold 1/4 of the top section down and connect the bottom two edges to form a wonton shape. (Refer to video and picture tutorial)

  * In a pot, add in water and bring it to a boil. Once the water is boiling, add in wontons and cook until it is floating. Once floating, cook for another 2 minutes.

  * Add black vinegar, red chili flakes, homemade chili paste, sesame seeds, and minced garlic in a bowl. Heat 4 tbsp of oil and pour the oil over the minced garlic. Mix and set aside.

  * Once the wontons are cooked, drain and add in the bowl of garlic chili oil. Mix until every piece of wonton is coated in the oil. Garnish with sesame seeds and green onion.

### Notes

Deep Frying Instruction:  
In a pot, add in oil and turn the heat to medium-high. Once the oil becomes
hot, gently add in the wontons.  
Fry for wontons for 4-5 minutes or until crispy and golden brown.

Posted In: 21 Days of Dinner Idea, 21 Days of Street Food, Appetizers, Better
Than Takeout, Dinner Ideas, Freezer Friendly Recipes, Holiday Series,
Nightmarket Series, Recipes, Seafood, Search By Ingredients, Search By Series,
Takeout Series

### You'll Also Love

Egg Drop Soup

Honey Walnut Shrimp (Better than Takeout!)

Vietnamese Inspired Chicken Wings (Healthy & CRISPY)

Next Post >

### Spicy Smashed Cucumber Salad (10 Minutes)

Hi! I am Tiffy and I am a HUGE foodie. I love to cook, I love to eat, and I
love sharing what I love with the world.  
I was born in Taiwan, a country with some of the best street food in the
world. When I think back to my childhood, I remember all the fantastic
restaurants my dad brought me to when I was young. You see, my family is also
huge foodies; we use to wander around night markets every weekend, skip the
last period in class to try out new restaurants, and every summer, we would
travel around Taiwan exploring all the new “must try” dishes around the
country.

#### Archives

  * August 2022
  * July 2022
  * June 2022
  * May 2022
  * April 2022
  * March 2022
  * February 2022
  * January 2022
  * December 2021
  * November 2021
  * October 2021
  * September 2021
  * August 2021
  * July 2021
  * June 2021
  * May 2021
  * April 2021
  * March 2021
  * February 2021
  * January 2021
  * December 2020
  * November 2020
  * October 2020

#### Categories

  * 15 Minute Dinner
  * 20 Minute Dinner
  * 20 Minutes or Less
  * 21 Days of Dinner Idea
  * 21 Days of Street Food
  * Air Fryer
  * Air Fryer Recipes
  * Appetizers
  * Balcony Garden
  * Beef
  * Better Than Takeout
  * Blog
  * BLOGGING
  * Breakfast Series
  * Chicken
  * Condiments
  * Cooking Mama
  * Daily Tiffy
  * Dessert
  * Desserts
  * Dinner Ideas
  * Drinks
  * Eat with Tiffy
  * Freezer Friendly Recipes
  * Fusion Friday
  * Gadgets
  * Healthy Recipes
  * Holiday Series
  * Holiday Series
  * Home
  * In the Kitchen
  * Instant Pot Recipes
  * Kdrama Series
  * Kitchen Essential
  * Lifestyle
  * Lunch Box Series
  * Nightmarket Series
  * Pork
  * Recipes
  * Rice/Noodle
  * Seafood
  * Search By Ingredients
  * Search By Series
  * Soups and Stews
  * Takeout Series
  * Takeout Series
  * Travel with Tiffy
  * TRAVEL WITH TIFFY
  * Uncategorized
  * Vegetarian
  * Vegetarian Friendly

  * Spicy Garlic Noodle (10 Minutes Only!) 1.2k views
  * Soy Sauce Pan-fried Noodles (15 Minutes!) 1.1k views
  * Mushroom and Basil Udon - 15 Minutes 1.1k views

#### Trending Now

  * Spicy Garlic Noodle (10 Minutes Only!)
  * Soy Sauce Pan-fried Noodles (15 Minutes!)
  * The BEST Air Fryer Soy Sauce Chicken
  * Asian Honey Garlic Potatoes (Only 5 Ingredient!)

#### Get Exclusive Tiffy Cooks Content

##  hey there!

Hi! I am Tiffy and I am a HUGE foodie. I love to cook, I love to eat, and I
love sharing what I love with the world.

__ __ __

  * Pork
  * Beef
  * Chicken
  * Vegetarian
  * Seafood
  * Rice/Noodle

  * 20 Minutes or Less
  * Dinner Ideas
  * Appetizers
  * Vegetarian Friendly
  * Freezer Friendly Recipes
  * Desserts
  * Air Fryer Recipes
  * Instant Pot Recipes

  * Daily Tiffy
  * Eat with Tiffy
  * Kitchen Essential
  * Travel with Tiffy

  * About Me
  * Get in Touch
  * PRIVACY POLICY

#### LATEST ON INSTAGRAM

### tiffy.cooks

If you only have 15 minutes, I got the perfect rec

I’m not even trying to be DRAMATIC, but if there

Let's pack my husband's lunch box for the week tog

My most viral video is my 10 minutes Spicy Garlic

Final photoshoot day for my cookbook 🥹🥹🥹

Let’s make FRESH Korean Strawberry Milk 🥛 fro

Here is FINALLY my long awaited Creamy Feta Sauce

Load More... Follow on Instagram

Copyright (C) 2022 Tiffy Cooks * Theme by 17th Avenue

