https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/fried-prawn-wontons-green-apple-chilli-dipping-sauce/63wjvlhu


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Fried prawn wontons with green apple chilli dipping sauce

  * _6_ servings 

1

Save Recipe

20 people saved this

Try these crunchy fried wontons with spicy green apple dipping sauce at your
next party, they are sure to have your guest coming back for more.

312 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain gluten, wheat, alcohol, sesame and crustacean.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 18 Ingredients 
  * 3 Method Steps 

#### 18 Ingredients

  * 250g square wonton wrappers 

  * 700ml vegetable oil for frying 

  * ### PRAWN FILLING

  * 350g raw prawn meat (see note) 

  * 1/2 cup spring onions, sliced 

  * 2-3 tsp finely chopped ginger 

  * 1 heaped tsp wheaten cornflour 

  * 2 tbsp Shaoxing rice wine 

  * 1/4 tsp white pepper 

  * 1/2 tsp caster sugar 

  * 1 tsp sesame oil 

  * 1 tbsp soy sauce 

  * ### GREEN APPLE DIPPING SAUCE

  * 1 large green apple, cored and roughly chopped 

  * 1 long green chilli, roughly chopped 

  * 2 cloves garlic, peeled 

  * 3 tbsp white vinegar 

  * 3 tsp caster sugar 

  * 1 tsp salt, or to taste 

  * Handful of coriander (optional) 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 3 Method Steps

  * Step 1

To make the dipping sauce, place all ingredients into a blender and blitz
until smooth. Transfer to a small bowl, cover with cling wrap, and chill (see
notes).

  * Step 2

To make the filling, roughly chop the prawn meat and place in a medium bowl
(see notes). Add the remaining filling ingredients and mix until combined.
Fill each wonton wrapper with a teaspoon of the prawn mixture then fold
diagonally in half, sealing with water. If you want you can push a crease into
the centre of the bottom of the purse and bring the two corners together. Seal
with a little water to make an ingot-shaped parcel.

  * Step 3

To cook the wontons, heat oil in a small saucepan over a low-medium heat until
a wonton fries to a golden brown in 10-15 seconds (see notes). Fry in batches
until crispy and deep golden. Rest wontons in a large sieve lined with paper
towel. Serve immediately with the dipping sauce on the side.

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

0 people made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

20 people saved this

### Recipe Notes

  * You could also use 175g each of prawn meat and pork mince
  * When covering the dipping sauce with cling wrap, press the wrap directly onto the sauce so it creates a seal. This will reduce oxidisation and help maintain the sauce’s bright green colour. 
  * Instead of chopping the prawn meat, you can pulse it very briefly in a food processor - the prawn meat should remain chunky, not become a smooth paste.
  * For a long lasting crunchy result, deep-frying is best done over a low-medium heat. If the oil is too hot, the skin will burn by the time the filling is cooked. Also, the heat won’t penetrate the skin properly, so the wontons will brown fast, but quickly turn soggy and wilt.

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

##  Popular on Taste

  1. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

  2. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  3. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

  4. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

  5. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

  6. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

  7. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  8. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

