https://steamykitchen.com/48082-shrimp-wontons-in-a-spicy-sichuan-sauce-recipe.html


  * Reverse Meal Plan
    * Reverse Meal Plan
    * Love Your Leftovers
    * Fridge Detox Challenge
  * Recipes
    * Recipe Index
    * Buddha Bowls
      * Buddha Bowl Recipes
      * Buddha Bowl Products
    * Microwave Cooking
  * Giveaways
    * Current Giveaways
    * VIP Giveaways
    * Steamy Kitchen Games
    * Winners List
    * FAQs
  * Shop
  * About
    * About
    * Work With Me
    * Jaden's Blog
    * Media

  * Reverse Meal Plan
    * Reverse Meal Plan
    * Love Your Leftovers
    * Fridge Detox Challenge
  * Recipes
    * Recipe Index
    * Buddha Bowls
      * Buddha Bowl Recipes
      * Buddha Bowl Products
    * Microwave Cooking
  * Giveaways
    * Current Giveaways
    * VIP Giveaways
    * Steamy Kitchen Games
    * Winners List
    * FAQs
  * Shop
  * About
    * About
    * Work With Me
    * Jaden's Blog
    * Media

# Shrimp Wonton Recipe in a Spicy Sichuan Sauce

by Jaden | Appetizers/Bites, Asian, Chinese New Year, Chinese New Year,
Recipes, Seafood | 18 comments

Think someone else may like this? Share the love!

  * Facebook
  * Pinterest
  * Email
  * Print

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

 _This Shrimp Wonton Recipe in Spicy Sichuan Sauce is fromMy Asian Kitchen
Cookbook by food writer, stylist and cooking teacher, Jennifer Joyce. This is
her 11th cookbook! The photo and recipe are reprinted with permission from
Murdoch Books._

Making wonton from scratch may seem like a daunting project, but really only
takes 30 minutes and 2 special ingredients. If you can find wonton or
potsticker (gyoza) wrappers and Chinese hot chili sauce, you're golden!

## Wonton Wrappers

You can use with wonton or potsticker dumpling wrappers. What's the
difference?

Wonton wrappers are square and a little thinner than potsticker wrappers.
These wrappers are can be found in refrigerated or frozen.

Potsticker (or gyoza in Japanese) wrappers are round. They are used to make
recipes like these:

Chinese Potstickers (my Mom's recipe)

Mushroom Tofu Potstickers

Pan Fried Pork and Shrimp Potstickers Recipe

Japanese Gyoza Recipe

## Dumpling Wrapper Tips

  * If you are buying frozen wrappers - do not open the package until you are ready to wrap. Defrost the package of wrappers in the refrigerator overnight, or leave them on the counter for an hour or so. 
  * Do not defrost in water. The water will ruin the wrappers and you'll end up with a goopy mess.
  * Once you open the package, the wrappers will dry out very quickly. When this happens, the edges crack and it will be very difficult to use. If you have cracked edges, use a paring knife and cut off the dry edges. To keep the wrappers moist and pliable, cover all the wrappers with a barely damp kitchen towel at all times. 

### What do I do with extra wonton wrappers?

Each package of wrappers usually includes 50 or so wrappers. This recipe calls
for 30-35 wrappers….and while I've re-printed the recipe as is from the book,
I would suggest increasing the recipe 1.5x so that you can use the entire
package of wrappers.

You can re-freeze any leftover wrappers. Or, with a bar of chocolate, make
Chocolate Wontons for dessert (yum!).

## Chinese Chili Flakes in Oil

You can find this at most Asian supermarkets, Amazon. It's basically crushed
Asian chili flakes and oil. I once made this sauce from scratch and my house
smelled like chilies for days. The chili oil is combined with sugar and
vinegar to create the most addicting dipping sauce ever.

It covers the "Five S's" of flavor:

  * salty
  * sweet
  * sour
  * spicy
  * savory

The balance of all these components (Five S's) is what makes your tastebuds
sing.

## How to Fold Shrimp Wonton

There are so many ways to fold wonton - the key is to squeeze out all the air
(air pockets make the dumplings float and burst during cooking) and sealing
tightly with water (the wontons fall apart if they aren't sealed properly).

The best way is to show you! In my recipe for Pork and Shrimp Wonton - I'll
show you how to fold in a quick video.

## My Asian Kitchen Cookbook

My Asian Kitchen Cookbook by Jennifer Joyce is such a fun book to explore.
Through her travels in Asia, Jennifer has collected her favorite recipes to
help you master simple dishes with authentic flavor.  

Because Jennifer is a cooking instructor and professional recipe developer for
outlets such as BBC Good Food, Jamie Oliver's magazine, and The Guardian, she
understands that recipes not only have to taste delicious, but they also must
be easy to create for the home cook.

Here are some of the recipes that I've tried and loved from the book:

Grilled Honey Soy Salmon with Citrus Soba Noodles: I didn't have soba noodles
on hand, so I used regular 'ol thin spaghetti noodles. In place of yuzu juice
(hard to find), I used lemon juice.



The book features traditional classics like shrimp wonton…and also modern
takes on Asian food: Korean Grilled Steak Tacos with Kimchee Slaw: I used
flank steak (just remember to thinly slice the steak AGAINST the grain). I'll
use the kimchi slaw recipe again and again….love.

Prawn Cakes with Peanut Chili Sauce: This Vietnamese dish is a great party
finger food. Wrap the shrimp cakes in crisp lettuce cups. I'm making this for
again for a party I'm hosting this week.  Super easy to make.

Thai Chicken Stir Fry with Cashews and Chili Jam Sauce: I made this non-spicy
by leaving out the chili peppers and substituting the nam prik sauce for a
sweet, store-bought Thai Sweet Chili Sauce (not spicy at all). I also added
canned straw mushrooms.

## Shrimp Wonton in Spicy Sichuan Sauce Recipe

Adapted from My Asian Kitchen Cookbook by Jennifer Joyce (reprinted with
permission) (C) 2019 Murdoch Books. Learn how to fold wontons in my step by
step video here: https://steamykitchen.com/23790-pork-and-spinach-wontons-
recipe-video.html

5 from 8 votes

Print Recipe

Prep Time 30 mins

Cook Time 5 mins

Course Appetizer

Cuisine Chinese

Servings 4 people

Calories 251 kcal

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

#### For the Shrimp Wonton

  * 1  clove garlic
  * 1/2 inch slice of ginger peeled
  * 1/2 pound  raw shrimp peeled, deveined
  * 7 water chestnuts canned is fine
  * 2 stalks green onion green and white parts, finely chopped
  * 1 egg white
  * 2 tablespoons chopped cilantro
  * 30-35 wonton or gyoza wrappers

#### For the Spicy Sichuan Sauce

  * 1 clove garlic finely minced
  * 1 teaspoon sugar
  * 2 tablespoons soy sauce
  * 1 tablespoon roasted Asian chili flakes in oil, drained
  * 2 tablespoons black or rice vinegar

### Instructions



  * In a food processor, puree the garlic and ginger and then add the prawns, water chestnuts, soy, spring onions, 1 teaspoon of the egg white and the coriander. Keep pulsing, leaving the mixture chunky, but together.

  * Lay out six of the wrappers, keeping the other wrappers covered with a tea towel so that they don't dry out. Place a heaped teaspoon of the filling in each and brush the edges of the wrapper with the remaining egg white. Bring one side over, creating a triangle or half moon. Squeeze out any trapped air. Dab the corners with a little more egg white and cross over, then press them together to form a wonton. Continue until all the wrappers are filled.

  * To make the spicy Sichuan sauce, mix all the sauce ingredients together and pour into small bowls.

  * Bring a very large stockpot of water to the boil and have a cup of cold water ready. Add some of the wontons and then add the water. When it comes to the boil again, the wontons are ready to remove. It's best to use a slotted spoon to scoop them out. Drain on a plate. Add the remaining wontons to the water, which should be boiling again. Repeat with the cold water and let cook.

  * Divide the wontons among the bowls of sauce, top with sesame seeds and chopped spring onions and serve immediately.

### Nutrition

Calories: 251kcalCarbohydrates: 38gProtein: 19gFat: 2gSaturated Fat:
1gCholesterol: 148mgSodium: 1330mgPotassium: 171mgFiber: 2gSugar: 2gVitamin A:
99IUVitamin C: 5mgCalcium: 113mgIron: 4mg

Keyword dim sum, dumpling, wonton

Tried this recipe?Let us know how it was!

### Related posts:

  1. Chinese Sesame Shrimp Recipe with Honey Mustard Sauce 
  2. Pan Fried Pork and Shrimp Potstickers Recipe 
  3. Chinese Grilled Shrimp 
  4. Peking Chicken with Steamed Buns 
  5. Asian Lettuce Cups Recipe with Ground Turkey & Green Apple 
  6. Asian Pan Seared Steak Rolls Recipe 

**Did you try this recipe? Please leave a star rating in the recipe card below
and leave a review in the comment section! I always appreciate your feedback
and I know other readers do, too!**

 **Stay in touch with me in our** **Facebook** **group, on** **Pinterest**
**or follow me on** **Instagram** **! Sign up for my email list, too where we
chat all things recipes, tips, giveaways, and more!  **

# 18 Comments

  1. Lisa on 9/17/21 at 12:47 pm 

I am currently making this recipe. I notice that the ingredient list includes
cilantro but it says to add coriander in step one. Which one am I supposed to
add??!! Quite a difference flavor wise.

Reply

  2. 192.168.o.1 on 7/20/20 at 8:01 am 

nice one good post

Reply

  3. Elizabeth on 2/7/20 at 10:27 am 

Can these be frozen?

Reply

    * Jaden on 2/7/20 at 3:03 pm 

Yes, freeze them after folding. Lay the folded wontons in one layer, flat in a
freezer bag, seal and place bag in freezer so that the wontons are still in
single layer (so that they don't freeze and clump together. When ready to
cook, DO NOT DEFROST. Cook them frozen following the same instructions in step
4. Even when wonton are frozen, the cooking instructions are the same, because
the water will take more time to boil anyways.

Reply

  4. Hannah Anderson on 1/23/20 at 6:32 am 

  
Delicious!!!

Reply

  5. leigh on 1/11/20 at 12:57 pm 

Do you have a close up picture of the just the wontons?

Thanks.

Reply

    * Jaden on 1/12/20 at 2:12 pm 

Hi Leigh - I have lots of photos + video on how to fold the wonton. Here's a
different wonton recipe, but the folding is the same.

Reply

  6. Hannah Anderson on 1/6/20 at 6:59 pm 

  
Yummy! Worked out well!

Reply

  7. Lynn Meadows on 12/22/19 at 7:03 pm 

  
I love Chinese cuisine! So when I had a chance to make some Shrimp Wontons for
the family I couldn't be more excited =)

Making the little wontons was actually the funnest part and I got to have my
son help me which was a great way to spend some quality time together. Thank
you Jaden for this recipe.

Reply

  8. Lori on 12/2/19 at 9:02 pm 

  
Just wanted to say thanks, the wonton recipe is delicious =) my cravings are
now under control!

Reply

    * Jaden on 12/2/19 at 10:31 pm 

Thanks Lori! jaden

Reply

  9. Beks on 12/2/19 at 8:41 pm 

  
I am making the chilli oil for this recipe right now, the pictures look sooo
good I would eat my phone if I could. Can’t wait to try these bad boys! 🙂

Reply

    * Jaden on 12/2/19 at 8:49 pm 

Awww thanks Beks! jaden

Reply

  10. Rosie on 11/14/19 at 5:07 am 

It looks so good!!! Thank you for sharing the recipe!

Reply

  11. ken rhora on 11/7/19 at 2:28 pm 

good recipe!

Reply

  12. Sophie Anderson on 11/3/19 at 9:16 pm 

  
Just wanted to say thanks, the wonton recipe is delicious =) my cravings are
now under control!

Reply

  13. Malissa on 11/3/19 at 8:58 pm 

  
This looks amazingly delicious! I love wonton soup. Your wontons look
perfectly formed. I better try to make home-made wonton soup soon. My family
will love it.

Reply

  14. Mary Dorgan on 10/25/19 at 11:50 am 

Just wanted to Thank you. Also your dog is beautiful. Must be a handful.

Reply

### Submit a Comment Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name

Email

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

#### Fan Favorite Recipe!

#### Check Out Our Memory Games!

  * Jaden's Blog

  * ## 5 Kitchen Tips To Save Money & Reduce Food Waste

  * ## International Women's Day

  * more Jaden's Blog »

## DON'T MISS A THING!

New recipes, reviews, and giveaways every week!

Yes Please!

Hi, I’m Jaden, a professional recipe developer, tv chef and cookbook author.
Steamy Kitchen specializes in connecting you to simple pleasures through food.

MORE ABOUT US

#### Our Cookbooks

**©2021 STEAMY KITCHEN LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.**

Terms & Conditions / Privacy Policy / Official Giveaway Rules

142 shares

  *   *   *   * 

