https://www.gourmettraveller.com.au/recipes/chefs-recipes/cantonese-style-prawn-wonton-soup-8612


__

__

Recipes __

  * Browse All Recipes
  * Explainers
  * Chefs' Recipes
  * Fast Recipes
  * Healthy Recipes
  * Recipe Collections

News __

  * Restaurant News
  * Food News
  * Drinks News
  * Food & Culture

Dining Out __

  * Restaurant Awards
  * Restaurant Guide
  * Restaurant Reviews

Travel __

  * Hotel Reviews
  * Hotel Awards
  * Cruises
  * Travel News
  * Destinations

Lifestyle __

  * Gift Guides
  * Entertaining

Gift Card

Chefs' Recipes

# Kylie Kwong's Cantonese-style prawn wonton soup

"The success of this classic soup, the ultimate comfort food, lies in using
the freshest ingredients," says Kylie Kwong.

Mar 22, 2021 12:45am

By Kylie Kwong

  * 30 mins preparation
  * 2 hrs 10 mins cooking
  * Serves 4

Print

"The success of this classic soup, the ultimate comfort food, lies in using
the freshest ingredients," says Kylie Kwong. "The quality of the stock is
paramount, so I use the best chicken bones and carcasses, and I always use
Australian prawns and fresh wonton skins."

### Ingredients

  * 1½ tbsp light soy sauce
  * 1 tbsp julienne ginger
  * 1 tsp white sugar
  * ½ tsp sesame oil
  * 2 bok choy, trimmed, cut crossways into 4
  * Thinly sliced spring onion, to serve

Chinese chicken stock

  * 1.5 kg chicken carcasses, wings and bones
  * 7 spring onions, trimmed, halved crossways
  * 6 thick slices ginger
  * 6 garlic cloves, bruised
  * ½ Spanish onion, coarsely chopped

Prawn wontons

  * 300 gm uncooked prawns, peeled, cut into rough 1.5cm dice
  * 1 tbsp coarsely chopped coriander
  * 1 tbsp thinly sliced spring onion
  * 1½ tsp finely diced ginger
  * 1 tsp Shaoxing wine
  * 1 tsp light soy sauce
  * ¼ tsp white sugar
  * ¼ tsp sesame oil
  * 16 square wonton wrappers

### Method

Main

  * 1

For stock, place all ingredients in a stockpot with 3 litres cold water. Bring
to the boil, reduce to a gentle simmer, skimming off any scum from the surface
with a ladle. Reduce heat until surface of stock is barely moving and cook,
skimming occasionally, for 1¾-2 hours. Discard chicken bones, then strain
stock through a sieve lined with muslin. Cool, then refrigerate until needed.
Makes about 2.5 litres. Stock will keep refrigerated for a week, or frozen for
3 months.

  * 2

For wontons, combine all ingredients except wrappers in a bowl, cover and
chill for 30 minutes to marinate. Working with a few wrappers at a time,
keeping remaining covered with a tea towel, place heaped teaspoonfuls of prawn
mixture in the centre of each, dampen edges with a little water, then fold
over to form a rectangle and press edges to push out any air and seal. Lightly
dampen one corner with water, then bring the two ends together with a twisting
action, pressing lightly to join. Place on a tray lined with baking paper and
cover while you make remaining wontons.

  * 3

Bring 1.5 litres stock to the boil in a large saucepan. Add soy, ginger, sugar
and sesame oil, reduce to a simmer. Add wontons and simmer for 2 minutes, then
add bok choy and simmer until bright green and wontons are cooked through (1-2
minutes – to test, cut through a wonton with a sharp knife).

  * 4

Divide soup, wontons and bok choy among bowls, scatter with spring onion and
serve hot.

  * ## Kylie Kwong

  * Cuisine:Modern Australian
  * Course:Entrée

Related Tags:

  * Soup, 
  * Prawn, 
  * Dumplings, 
  * Winter, 
  * Chinese, 
  * Ginger, 
  * Stock

  * Photography: Ben Dearnley
  * Styling: Emma Knowles and Lucy Tweed
  * Magazine Issue: July 2017

SHAREPIN

  * undefined: Kylie Kwong

## The Latest from Gourmet Traveller

  *   * Recipe CollectionsThe chocolate puddings you need for winter

Aug 05, 2022

  * Browse All RecipesUltimate mac and cheese

Aug 03, 2022

  * Recipe CollectionsVery nice rice puddings

Aug 02, 2022

  * Restaurant NewsThe Patch, a family-friendly bar and restaurant, opens in Tomakin

Aug 02, 2022

  * Recipe Collections31 pork belly recipes to see you through those crackling cravings

Aug 02, 2022

  * Browse All RecipesBeef sausage curry with coconut rice

Aug 01, 2022

  * Recipe CollectionsArtichoke recipes that are worth the effort

Aug 01, 2022

  * Recipe CollectionsPumpkin soups for windy days and cold nights

Aug 01, 2022

  * Recipe CollectionsHam hock soup recipes

Aug 01, 2022

  * Travel NewsSix new luxury international hotel openings to put on your radar

Jul 29, 2022

  * Recipe CollectionsMushroom recipes that are simply magic

Jul 29, 2022

  * Recipe CollectionsOmelette recipes to crack into

Jul 29, 2022

  * Browse All RecipesSweet cinnamon buns

Jul 27, 2022

  * Recipe CollectionsSeriously refreshing gin cocktail recipes

Jul 27, 2022

  * Browse All RecipesChicken Kiev

Jul 27, 2022

  * Restaurant ReviewsEntrecôte's new location is a winner

Jul 26, 2022

  * Recipe CollectionsWhat do to with lentils

Jul 26, 2022

  * Recipe CollectionsMacadamia dessert recipes

Jul 25, 2022

  * Recipe Collections18 nostalgia-inducing crumble recipes

Jul 22, 2022

##### Read More

  * Gift Guides7 most enticing experiences to gift foodies and beyond

Aug 05, 2022

  *   *   * Recipe CollectionsThe chocolate puddings you need for winter

Aug 05, 2022

  * Browse All RecipesUltimate mac and cheese

Aug 03, 2022

  *   * Recipe CollectionsVery nice rice puddings

Aug 02, 2022

  * Restaurant NewsThe Patch, a family-friendly bar and restaurant, opens in Tomakin

Aug 02, 2022

  *   * Recipe Collections31 pork belly recipes to see you through those crackling cravings

Aug 02, 2022

  *   * Browse All RecipesBeef sausage curry with coconut rice

Aug 01, 2022

  * Recipe CollectionsArtichoke recipes that are worth the effort

Aug 01, 2022

  * Recipe CollectionsPumpkin soups for windy days and cold nights

Aug 01, 2022

  *   * Recipe CollectionsHam hock soup recipes

Aug 01, 2022

  *   * Travel NewsSix new luxury international hotel openings to put on your radar

Jul 29, 2022

  * Recipe CollectionsMushroom recipes that are simply magic

Jul 29, 2022

  * Recipe CollectionsOmelette recipes to crack into

Jul 29, 2022

  *   * Browse All RecipesSweet cinnamon buns

Jul 27, 2022

  * Recipe CollectionsSeriously refreshing gin cocktail recipes

Jul 27, 2022

  * Browse All RecipesChicken Kiev

Jul 27, 2022

Gourmet Traveller

facebooktwitterinstagrampinterestgift-card

#### Get The Magazine

Subscribe to Gourmet Traveller - your trusted source and authority for the
best in food, wine and travel.

Subscribe

  * Privacy Policy
  * Advertise
  * Terms of Use

© Copyright 2022 Are Media Pty LimitedAll Rights Reserved

All products are independently selected, tested or recommended by our team of
experts. If you buy something, we may earn an affiliate commission.

back to the top

Home

Recipes

News

Dining Out

Travel

Lifestyle

Gift Card

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

