https://www.bonappetit.com/recipe/salt-and-pepper-fish


Skip to main content

  * Newsletter

Story Saved

To revisit this article, select My Account, then View saved stories

Close Alert

Close

Sign In

  * RecipesChevron
  * IngredientsChevron
  * Cooking
  * Culture
  * Shopping
  * Restaurants
  * Videos
  * Podcast
  * Merch

  * RecipesChevron
  * IngredientsChevron
  * Cooking
  * Culture
  * Shopping
  * MoreChevron

Search

Open Navigation Menu

Menu

Story Saved

To revisit this article, visit My Profile, then View saved stories

Close Alert

Close

Search

recipes

# Salt and Pepper Fish

By Andy Baraghani

February 10, 2020

4.4

(69)

Read ReviewsTriangle

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

Photo by Emma Fishman, Food Styling by Yekaterina Boytsova

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

Traditionally, the fish for this classic Chinese dish is battered and deep-
fried. In our version, the fish is pan-seared in hot oil, but still gets
plenty of texture and flavor from ginger, caramelized scallions, and lots of
freshly ground black pepper. When you‚Äôre cooking the fish, be sure to let it
get golden brown on the first side before turning. Once turned, the fish won‚Äôt
take much longer to cook through. Serve with steamed rice, or this gussied up
version. It's amazing what a little bit of butter, a dash of vinegar, and some
salt and sugar can do.

## Ingredients

4 servings

1

cup short-grain sushi rice

8

scallions, dark green parts and white parts separated

1

Tbsp. finely grated peeled ginger (from about one 1‚Äù piece)

3

Tbsp. neutral oil, divided

1¬Ω

lb. skinless, boneless cod, cut into 2‚Äù pieces

1

Tbsp. unseasoned rice vinegar

1

tsp. sugar

Kosher salt, freshly ground pepper

2

Tbsp. unsalted butter, cut into pieces

## Preparation

### Step 1

Rinse rice in several changes of cold water in a medium bowl until water runs
clear. Drain well, then transfer to a small saucepan. Pour in 1¬º cups cold
water and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Give rice a stir so grains
don‚Äôt stick to the bottom. Cover pot and reduce heat to lowest setting. Cook,
undisturbed, until water is evaporated and rice is tender, 18‚Äì20 minutes.
Remove from heat and let sit, still covered, 10 minutes.

### Step 2

Meanwhile, thinly slice dark green scallion parts into rounds. Thinly slice
white parts on a steep diagonal. Keep separated.

### Step 3

Mix ginger and 2 Tbsp. oil in a medium bowl. Add cod; season with salt and
plenty of pepper (about 2 tsp.). Toss to coat.

### Step 4

Heat remaining 1 Tbsp. oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high. Add
cod and cook, undisturbed, until golden underneath, about 2 minutes. Turn fish
pieces, then scatter white scallion parts over. Cook, shaking the pan a bit,
until fish is cooked through and some scallions are caramelized and some are
just slightly softened, about 2 minutes more. Remove from heat.

### Step 5

Stir vinegar and sugar in a small bowl until sugar dissolves. Stir into rice.
Add butter and sliced scallion greens; gently stir until butter melts. Season
with salt.

### Step 6

Transfer rice to a platter and top with fish; pour any pan juices over.

How would you rate Salt and Pepper Fish?

Leave a Review

Tell us what you think

Reviews (34)

Back to TopTriangle

  * This is one of my favorite recipes for a quick delish dinner. I prefer halibut, but cod is fine. I can't believe people have called this bland! Nothing wrong with their suggestions, but I think probably they did not add sufficient black pepper. The more the better. More ginger works too. I cut smaller pieces of fish than shown in this photo.

    * Katie

    * Southfield, MI

    * 10/29/2021

  * I made this recipe, and it was great! So easy, too. I also added lots of freshly ground pepper. This is a ‚ÄúKeeper‚Äù! However, I didn‚Äôt have any sushi or short-grain rice, so I cooked my usual; Jasmine rice. Grandma taught me how to cook rice when I was a kid, so no problems there, and Jasmine is my fave, anyway, so all was right with the world! üòù

    * Yvonne

    * Tustin, CA

    * 4/9/2021

  * quick and simple! The rice is easy to make instant pot, 12mi on low pressure w slow release then stir the seasoning Fish is quick to put together. Dont skip on the fresh pepper! I used a LOT, 2tbs as suggested in the directions. when mixed with the ginger, salt and olive oil, it almost turned into a paste and the final result was flavorful with just a few min on the stove. 

    * C√©cile

    * 1/28/2021

  * I was satisfied at how satisfying and flavorful this was! I used brown rice, which still tastes great with the butter and sushi vinegar, and sprinkled a bit of furikake on top just for fun...yum! And it comes together quickly.

    * Megan

    * Minneapolis

    * 1/26/2021

  * The recipe seemed a bit bland so I saut√©ed the scallions in butter and added them to the rice and saut√©ed more and left them in the pan to cook the fish in. I also marinated the fish in a blend to honey, red pepper flakes, garlic, ginger & olive iol. Heavily peppered the marinated fish and saut√©ed it with the scallions in the pan. I squeezed a lime on the fish while cooking. It was amazing! The honey gave it a bit of oomph along with the ginger , garlic & lime juice. So much flavor!

    * Anonymous

    * Wisconsin

    * 1/12/2021

  * As is, it's kind of boring. It needs some help from other flavors as suggested by others. A great template, though. 

    * Anonymous

    * 11/14/2020

  * So I made this with A LOT of fresh ground black pepper. A LOT. And I really recommend it. DELICIOUS.

    * Anonymous

    * Los Angeles

    * 10/12/2020

  * I have made this once with halibut and once with white king salmon. (We live in the Pacific Northwest, so have all kinds of great, fresh, WILD fish.) I doubled the ginger, added all the scallions into the pan to saut√© at the end ‚ÄîI just don't like to fuss‚Äî and added a bit more butter and a squeeze of lime to extend the sauce. Didn't use the sugar at all. Served it both times with rice grits, but I'm sure any kind of rice would be lovely. Love this recipe. 

    * Lela Hilton

    * Chimacum, Washington

    * 9/23/2020

  * I made this recipe but followed one of the suggestions below and added a little bit of soy sauce, red pepper flakes, and rice vinegar to the marinade for the fish and it was delicious. Next time I think I‚Äôll add a splash of line at the end. Very easy and quick to make. I‚Äôll definitely be making this again.

    * Anonymous

    * Miami, FL

    * 9/10/2020

  * I think is this the shell of a really great/customizable recipe, but I don‚Äôt think I would ever strictly follow it as is because of how bland it seems. I added a lot more ginger, a clove of crushed garlic, soy sauce, and red pepper flakes into the marinade. Probably doubled the amount of scallions. Topped with everything but the bagel seasoning, diced red Chile pepper I had lying around, and a squeeze of lime. Made the rice as instructed. It all came together so quick and tasted SO good, but definitely a recipe that needs some adjusting based on personal taste.

    * Anonymous

    * FL

    * 9/1/2020

  * Very good! Not enough rice for 4, and you could halve the butter. But super tasty and will go in regular rotation!

    * Anonymous

    * Australia 

    * 8/30/2020

  * I love cod because it reminds me of my childhood in the Caribbean where we traditionally make salted cod especially around Easter, but it is a very bland tasting fish. Don't be afraid of adding flavor to it (hot peppers, coconut milk, lime, hot pepper flakes, etc.) I find that in this recipe, the cod is getting a lot of help from the sweet rice, but everything tastes better when you add rice. I would prefer the star of the recipe to be the cod.

    * valeriahay

    * Miami, Fl

    * 8/27/2020

  * I love cod because it reminds me of my childhood in the Caribbean where we traditionally make salted cod especially around Easter, but it is a very bland tasting fish. Don't be afraid of adding flavor to it (hot peppers, coconut milk, lime, hot pepper flakes, etc.) I find that in this recipe, the cod is getting a lot of help from the sweet rice, but everything tastes better when you add rice. I would prefer the star of the recipe to be the cod.

    * Anonymous

    * Miami, Fl

    * 8/27/2020

  * So easy, so simple, so tasty! My partner and I both thoroughly enjoyed the delicious fresh ginger flavor of the cod with the ‚Äúgussied up‚Äù rice. Such a yummy balance. 

    * Brooklyn 

    * 8/22/2020

  * This was easy and delicious! Made with Blistered Green Beans with Garlic and Miso (BA July 2016). Great Weeknight meal! 

    * Anonymous

    * Kansas City, MO

    * 8/21/2020

Explore Bon App√©titCodFishSeafoodRiceRice &
GrainsScallionOnionVegetableGingerEasyQuickWeeknight MealsMainGluten-FreeNut-
FreeHealthyishDinner

More from BA

  * recipes

### Strawberry Salad With Black Pepper-Feta Croutons

By Elena Besser

  * recipes

### Pan-Seared Chicken Breasts With Crunchy Radish Salad

By Carla Lalli Music

  * recipes

### Coconut, Ginger, and Mushroom Noodles

By Lara Lee

  * recipes

### Grilled Chicken Wings With Summer Berry Agrodolce

By Bill Clark

  * recipes

### Red Lentil Soup With Preserved Lemon and Crispy Garlic

By Zaynab Issa

  * recipes

### Tomatoes With Creamy Feta

By Diana Yen

  * recipes

### Green Seasoning Baked Cod

By Brigid Washington

  * recipes

### Corn & Chickpea Bowl With Miso-Jalape√±o Tahini

By Chris Morocco

Recipes you want to make. Cooking advice that works. Restaurant
recommendations you trust.

  * Facebook

  * Twitter

  * Pinterest

  * Instagram

  * YouTube

More from Bon App√©tit

  * Masthead
  * Newsletter Signup
  * Bon App√©tit Media Kit
  * Basically
  * Healthyish

Contact

  * Subscription FAQs
  * Careers

  * RSS Feeds
  * Site Map
  * Accessibility Help
  * Cond√© Nast Store
  * Cond√© Nast Spotlight
  * Do Not Sell My Personal Info

¬© 2022 Cond√© Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes
acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement and
Your California Privacy Rights. _Bon App√©tit_ may earn a portion of sales from
products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate
Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced,
distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior
written permission of Cond√© Nast. Ad Choices

Food Innovation Group

