https://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/pan-seared-salt-and-pepper-fish


Skip to main content

Open Navigation Menu

Menu

Story Saved

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Close Alert

Close

Salt-and-Pepper Fish

  * Recipes & Menus
  * Expert Advice
  * Ingredients
  * Holidays & Events
  * My Saved Recipes

More _Chevron_

Story Saved

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Close Alert

Close

Sign In

Search

Search

  * Recipes & Menus
  * Expert Advice
  * Ingredients
  * Holidays & Events
  * Video
  * My Saved Recipes

# Salt-and-Pepper Fish

By Andy Baraghani

September 18, 2020

Save Story

save recipe

4.3

(3)

Read ReviewsTriangle

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Photo by Emma Fishman, Food Styling by Yekaterina Boystova

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

This dish is inspired by a classic Cantonese preparation, which is
traditionally battered and deep-fried. Here, the fish is pan-seared in hot
oil, but still gets plenty of texture and flavor from ginger, caramelized
scallions, and lots of freshly ground black pepper.

_Like this_ Bon Appétit _recipe? There are plenty more where this came from._
_Subscribe to the magazine here!_

## Ingredients

4 servings

1 cup short-grain sushi rice

8 scallions

1 (1") piece ginger, peeled, finely grated

3 Tbsp. vegetable oil, divided

1½ lb. skinless, boneless cod, cut into 2” pieces

Kosher salt

2 tsp. freshly ground black pepper

1 Tbsp. unseasoned rice vinegar

1 tsp. sugar

2 Tbsp. unsalted butter, cut into pieces

### Step 1

Rinse rice in several changes of cold water in a medium bowl until water runs
clear. Drain well, then transfer to a small saucepan. Pour in 1¼ cups cold
water and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Give rice a stir so grains
don’t stick to the bottom. Cover pot and reduce heat to lowest setting. Cook,
undisturbed, until water is evaporated and rice is tender, 18–20 minutes.
Remove from heat and let sit, still covered, 10 minutes.

### Step 2

Meanwhile, trim dark green tops from scallions and thinly slice; set aside.
Thinly slice white and pale green parts of scallions of a deep diagonal. Set
aside separately.

### Step 3

Mix ginger and 2 Tbsp. oil in a medium bowl. Add cod and season with salt and
sprinkle all over with pepper. Toss to coat.

### Step 4

Heat remaining 1 Tbsp. oil in a large nonstick skillet over medium-high. Cook
cod, undisturbed, until golden underneath, about 2 minutes. Turn over and
scatter reserved white and pale green scallion parts on top. Cook, shaking the
pan a few times, until fish is cooked through and some scallions are
caramelized and some are just slightly softened, about 2 minutes. Remove from
heat.

### Step 5

Stir vinegar and sugar in a small bowl until sugar dissolves. Mix into rice.
Add butter and reserved dark green scallion tops and gently stir until butter
is melted. Season with salt.

### Step 6

Transfer rice to a platter and top with fish; pour any pan juices over.

How would you rate Salt-and-Pepper Fish?

Leave a Review

Tell us what you think

Reviews (3)

Back to TopTriangle

  * I won't be making this again. I had very little flavor.

    * Anonymous

    * Union City

    * 6/9/2021

  * Quick, tasty fish recipe, good with spinach. 

    * ercantor

    * Maryland

    * 3/29/2021

  * This was really pretty good. Next time, and there will be a next time, I will make a bit more of the rice seasoning and double the scallions. 

    * thinwizard

    * Portland, OR

    * 2/1/2021

TagsBon AppétitDinnerSeafoodFishCodRiceGingerGreen
Onion/ScallionPepperChineseAsianCantonesePescatarianWheat/Gluten-FreeSoy
FreeTree Nut FreePeanut FreeQuick & Easy

## See Related Recipes and Cooking Tips

  * icon

Gallery

### 31 Cod Recipes for Delicate, Flaky Fish Every Time

Our best cod recipes will give your go-to salmon dish a run for its money.

  * icon

Gallery

### 11 Winter Recipes That Feel Like Spring

Get a head start on spring cooking, even if you don’t have spring produce.

Chevron

Chevron

Read More

Puff Puff

As the name suggests, West Africa’s most popular form of fried dough is
essentially a delectable fried pillow of airy dough.

By Kwame Onwuachi

Chocolate Chip Cookies

This classic chocolate chip cookie recipe produces tender cookies with crisp,
golden edges and tons of buttery, chocolaty flavor.

By Carla Rollins

Maduros (Sweet Plantains)

Depending on their level of ripeness, plantains can be savory or sweet--for
this sweet plantains recipe, look for mostly black ones.

By Kwame Onwuachi

Lemon Bars

Golden sweet-tart lemon bars are like squares of sunshine. And they’re quick
to make.

By The Gourmet Test Kitchen

Chocolate Swiss Roll

If you’ve made a rolled cake before and had anxiety because the recipe
requires you to perform cake calisthenics, this chocolate Swiss roll recipe is
for you.

By Shilpa Uskokovic

Fluffy Chiffon Cake

You can think of the chiffon cake as angel food cake’s even fluffier cousin.

By Elizabeth Prueitt

Easy Pasta Salad

This easy pasta salad recipe will be the hit of your next potluck.

By Kelly Janke

Homemade Wine Vinegar

This homemade vinegar recipe works with any type of wine--red, white, rosé, or
a mix if you find yourself with open bottles after a party.

By Kirsten K. Shockey

Since 1995, Epicurious has been the ultimate food resource for the home cook,
with daily kitchen tips, fun cooking videos, and, oh yeah, over 33,000
recipes.

  * Facebook

  * Twitter

  * Pinterest

  * YouTube

  * Instagram

More from Epicurious

  * Newsletters
  * Epicurious Cookware
  * Subscription FAQs

Connect

  * Careers
  * Press Center
  * Advertising
  * Masthead
  * Contact Us

  * Site Map
  * Accessibility Help
  * Condé Nast Store
  * Condé Nast Spotlight
  * Do Not Sell My Personal Info

© 2022 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes
acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement and
Your California Privacy Rights. _Epicurious_ may earn a portion of sales from
products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate
Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced,
distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior
written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

Food Innovation Group

