https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/salt-pepper-seafood/46ef3a32-f220-478b-9de5-d876ee89a363


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Salt & pepper seafood

  * _10m_ prep
  * _10m_ cook
  * _4_ servings 

1

Save Recipe

137 people saved this

6 people made this

A spiced crisp coating on this seafood and a fresh lemon dipping sauce
guarantees lick-your-fingers flavour.

M

Michelle Noerianto

245 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain sulphites, crustacean, mollusc and fish.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 11 Ingredients 
  * 5 Method Steps 

#### 11 Ingredients

  * 60ml (1/4 cup) fresh lemon juice 

  * 1 1/2 tsp sea salt flakes 

  * 1 tsp ground white pepper 

  * 60ml (1/4 cup) iced water 

  * 70g (1/2 cup) cornflour 

  * 1/2 tsp ground black pepper 

  * 1 1/2 tsp Chinese five spice 

  * 300g barramundi fillets, cut into 1cm-thick slices 

  * 300g frozen green prawn cutlets, tails intact, thawed 

  * 1 large squid hood, cleaned, cut into rings 

  * Sunflower oil, to deep-fry 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 5 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Combine lemon juice  (60ml (1/4 cup) fresh lemon juice), 1/2 teaspoon of salt
(1 1/2 tsp sea salt flakes) and the white pepper  (1 tsp ground white pepper)
in a serving bowl. set aside to develop the flavours.

  * Step 2

Meanwhile, stir the water  (60ml (1/4 cup) iced water) and 2 tablespoons of
cornflour  (70g (1/2 cup) cornflour) in a bowl until the mixture forms a
paste.

  * Step 3

Combine remaining cornflour, remaining salt, pepper  (1/2 tsp ground black
pepper) and five spice  (1 1/2 tsp Chinese five spice) in a bowl. Dip fish
(300g barramundi fillets, cut into 1cm-thick slices), prawns  (300g frozen
green prawn cutlets, tails intact, thawed) and squid into  (1 large squid
hood, cleaned, cut into rings) cornflour paste, then into the spice mixture to
coat. shake off excess.

  * Step 4

Add oil  (Sunflower oil, to deep-fry) to a wok to reach a depth of 10cm. Heat
to 180Â°C over medium-high heat. Cook one-quarter of the seafood for 1-2
minutes or until golden. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towel. repeat,
in 3 more batches, reheating the oil between batches.

  * Step 5

Place seafood on plates. serve with the lemon mixture.

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

6 people made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

137 people saved this

### Recipe Notes

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by Brett Stevens

##  Popular on Taste

  1. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  2. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  3. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  4. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

  5. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

  6. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

  7. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

  8. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

