https://theodehlicious.com/shanghai-fried-rice-recipe/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Food Adventure
  * Blog Resources
  * Recipe Index
  * Search

menu icon

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Free Ebook
  * Subscribe
  * Food Review
  * Blog Resources

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Free Ebook
  * Subscribe
  * Food Review
  * Blog Resources

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

Ã—

Home Â» Recipes Â» Rice Recipes

# Easy Shanghai Fried Rice Recipe

Published: Mar 31, 2020 Â· Updated: Apr 11, 2022 by Saif Al Deen Odeh with 11
Comments

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

Shanghai Fried Rice is a Chinese fried rice that is mixed with vegetables,
sauces and meat. This is one of my favorite fried rice and you can eat this
alone without any side dishes or soup. That is because this fried rice is
already seasoned, and it has protein and vegetables to fill up your stomach.

The first time I tried eating fried rice when I was in a Chinese restaurant in
the Philippines. I was curious to try this because I heard this is a very
delicious fried rice. It was one of the best fried rice I have tried in my
life. I found that some countries have their version of Chinese Fried Rice.
For example, in the Philippines there is a popular Filipino Chinese fast food
restaurant called Chowking that serve a popular fried rice called Chao Fan
which is mixed with vegetables and meat.

In this post, I will be sharing you the recipe of my version of Shanghai Fried
Rice.

## The ingredients of Shanghai Fried Rice

To make a delicious fried rice, there are several ingredient you will need:

  * **White Rice** \- This is an important carbohydrate needed to make a fried rice
  *  **Soy sauce and Oyster Sauce** \- These two sauces are important for seasoning the fried rice. Without them, you cannot make this fried rice
  *  **Beef Sausage** \- This will serve as my protein where I will be adding in my fried rice.
  *  **Garlic and Ginger** \- In Asian cuisines, using garlic and ginger is an important spice when making a Chinese fried rice. It makes the rice tasty and gives nice aroma.
  *  **Frozen Mixed Vegetables** \- To add vegetables in my rice, I am using a frozen mixed vegetables. It is more convenient since you don't need to cut every vegetables, and instead you can buy the mixed vegetable bag in a grocery stores.
  *  **Vegetable Cooking Oil** \- This oil is needed when frying the vegetables, sausages, and the rest of the ingredients for this dish. I prefer to use Canola oil since it is relatively healthier than other vegetables oils with the exception of olive oil.
  *  **Eggs** \- This gives a golden color of my fried rice. Also, it serve as my add on protein for my dish. 
  * **Vinegar-** Although it is not seen in the picture above, I am also using vinegar to seasoned my fried rice. This gives an acidic flavor of my dish. But don't worry, it makes the rice absolutely delicious.

## Instruction of how to cook this rice dish.

When cooking this amazing Chinese fried rice, you will need to prepare the
ingredients ahead. For example, you will have to make sure the white rice is
cooked ahead and the scrambled egg is done before mixing the Chinese fried
rice.

In my experience, the preparation is the one a bit time consuming but cooking
this rice dish is easy and straight forward

Firstly, add oil in the large pot or deep frying pan. Once it is hot, add
ginger & garlic, and stir them quickly. Add the sausages and stir them for few
minutes. When the sausage is almost cooked, add the mixed vegetables and stir
them well. Add the soy sauce and the oyster sauce and mix it well. Later, add
the white rice and and make sure it is well mixed. Add the scrambled egg, and
mix it again. Lastly, add the vinegar and repeat process. And you are done. I
don't add salt and black pepper because the sauces itself provide the
saltiness of the dish.

If you will like to know more here is the full instruction of Shanghai Fried
Rice Recipe

## Best Shanghai Fried Rice Recipe

Shanghai Fried Rice is a Chinese fried rice recipe which is mixed with
vegetables, meat, and seasoning sauces.

4.80 from 5 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 15 mins

Cook Time 10 mins

Total Time 1 hr 10 mins

Course Main

Cuisine Chinese

Servings 5 servings

Calories 320 kcal

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * 5 cup of cooked white rice
  * 7 tablespoon of soy sauce
  * 7 tablespoon of oyster sauce
  * 1 tablespoon of vinegar
  * 2 eggs to make a scrambled egg
  * 2 cup of frozen mixed vegetables
  * 2 cup of chopped beef sausage
  * 1 tablespoon of garlic paste
  * 1 teaspoon of ginger paste
  * 4 tablespoon of vegetable cooking oil

### Instructions



  * Add oil in the large cooking pot. Once it is hot add garlic and ginger. Stir it fast for less than one minute.

  * Add the Beef Sausage into the pot. Stir it and let it cook for few minutes

  * Add the Mixed vegetable and stir it well for up to two minutes

  * Add the soy sauce and the oyster sauce. Mix it well

  * Add the cooked white rice into the pot. Make sure the rice is mixed well with the sauce and other ingredients. Later, add the vinegar and repeat the process

  * Cut the scrambled egg into smaller pieces before putting into the fried rice pot. Mix it again one more time before serving.

### Nutrition

Calories: 320kcal

Keyword chinese fried rice, shanghai fried rice

Tried this recipe?Let us know how it was!

## Other Fried Rice Recipes

If you love fried rice dish, I have other recipes that you may love to try
cooking at home

  * Kimchi Fried Rice

## More Rice Recipes

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Brittany

April 01, 2020 at 7:08 pm

There's something so comforting about a good fried rice! Thank you for sharing
this, I can't wait to try it tonight!

Reply

  2. Emily Liao

April 06, 2020 at 1:16 am

Loving all the flavors and ingredients in this recipe! Such a simple dish to
make and easy for a quick dinner ðŸ™‚

Reply

    * saif

April 06, 2020 at 6:03 am

Thanks Emily. It is a delicious Chinese fried rice. I am sure you will love
it.

Reply

  3. Capri

April 06, 2020 at 2:01 am

I have all these ingredients and some chicken breast ready to use! I am so
excited to try this delicious looking recipe!

Reply

    * saif

April 06, 2020 at 6:03 am

Chicken breast is perfect to add in the fried rice. I am sure it taste
delicious.

Reply

  4. Biana

April 06, 2020 at 2:58 am

This looks delicious -- I love the version of the fried rice that you shared.

Reply

  5. Jordin

April 06, 2020 at 4:10 am

This looks so delicious and comforting! I need to make this for my family
ASAP, they would love it!

Reply

  6. Jayne

April 06, 2020 at 4:12 am

I love fried rice and this step by step makes it feel so easy to make. Thank
you.

Reply

    * saif

April 06, 2020 at 6:02 am

Thank you. I am sure you will love my delicious fried rice. Hope you enjoy it.

Reply

  7. Smita

October 27, 2020 at 10:34 am

I like the taste of Shanghai rice and was looking for the recipe. thank you
for sharing recipe, i can bet this will turn out amazing. thanks a lot

Reply

    * Saif

October 28, 2020 at 3:55 pm

Thank you Smita. I appreciate your comment. I am sure you will love my fried
rice since it is easy and delicious

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

## Primary Sidebar

### About Me

**Hi, I'm Saif!** I am a Filipino Jordanian Food cook that love to make and
share delicious Halal Friendly Filipino, Asian, Middle Eastern and other foods
from around the world

More about me â†’

### Latest Recipe

  * 25 Best Asian Beef Recipes to Try

  * Tofu Sisig Recipe

  * Ful Medames Recipe (Egyptian Fava bean)

  * Chicken Pancit Canton Recipe

## Footer

â†‘ back to top

###

### About

  * About Me
  * Contact
  * Copyright Compliant
  * Privacy Policy

###

Copyright Â© 2020 **The Odehlicious** on the Foodie Pro Theme on Genesis
Framework

  * 23Pinterest
  * Facebook
  * Twitter

23 shares

