https://www.cookshideout.com/china-vegetarian-shanghai-fried-rice-recipe


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * All Recipes
  * Recipes by Category
  * Subscribe
  * ## Navigation Menu: Social Icons

    * Bloglovin
    * Email
    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * Twitter

  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * All Recipes
  * Recipes by Category
  * Subscribe

*   * Email
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

Ã—

Home Â» Blogging Marathon Â» China -- Vegetarian Shanghai Fried Rice

# China -- Vegetarian Shanghai Fried Rice

Published: Sep 3, 2014 Â· Modified: Dec 16, 2019 by Pavani Â· Leave a Comment

5 shares

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin
  * Yummly
  * Email

Jump to Recipe

_**BM# 44: A-Z Cooking Series -- Around the World in 30 days**_

_**Country: C for China**_

_**Dish: Vegetarian Shanghai Fried Rice**_

So after trying 2 dishes from South America (Argentina & Brazil), we are
travelling all the way to Easten Asia, to _**China**_. C for China was an
obvious choice for me. Being in the apparel retail industry for as long as I
did, I've had a lot of interaction with China and lot of Chinese too.

I went to China 8 years back for business and had a chance to try the local
Chinese dishes. Traditional Chinese food is very different from the Chinese
food we get in both India and the U.S. Both of the Indo-Chinese and American-
Chinese dishes are highly customized and cater to the local palate.

Chinese cuisine is highly diverse and varies between the provinces. Styles and
tastes are varied by class, region and ethnic backgrounds, A number of
different styles contribute to Chinese cuisine but perhaps the best known and
most influential are Cantonese, Shandong, Jiangsu and Szechuan cuisines. These
styles are very distinct from one another due to factors such as availability
of ingredients, climate, history, cooking technique and lifestyle.

I had so many Chinese dishes in mind that I wanted to try and I even asked one
of my close Chinese friend to give me few recipes too. She told me few simple
salad recipes, but that was before we went on India trip. At some point in the
middle, I remembered this Shanghai Fried rice that I ate in Shanghai and I
decided to make this simple fried rice for today.

This is a very simple fried rice with minimum ingredients. The main ingredient
is ' _Chinese Five Spice_ _'_ powder. It is a combination of Star Anise,
Cloves, Chinese Cinnamon, Black Pepper & Fennel seeds. You can either make it
at home by grinding all the spices yourself or you can buy it pre-made, which
is what I did. I added scrambled egg to make this rice a complete meal, but
you can choose to omit it or add other protein (tofu, paneer etc) instead.

## Shanghai Fried Rice

Author: Pavani

Print Pin Rate

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

Prep Time: 30 mins

Cook Time: 20 mins

Total Time: 50 mins

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Chinese

Servings: 23 serving

###

Ingredients

1x2x3x

  * 3 cups Rice Cooked
  * 3 Bok Choy Baby - bulbs, chopped
  * 4 ~ 5 Scallions \- chopped
  * 1 Ginger " - piece, grated
  * 3 cloves Garlic \- finely minced
  * 1 tbsp Soy sauce
  * Â½ tsp Five Spice Chinese
  * Â½ tsp Red Chili flakes - (optional)
  * 3 Eggs (optional)
  * to taste Salt Pepper &

###

Instructions

  * Heat 1tbsp oil in a pan or wok. Scramble the eggs to desired doneness, remove from the pan and set aside.

  * In the same pan, add 2tsp more oil and when hot, add ginger, garlic and red pepper flakes. Once they turn golden, add the scallions and bok choy. Cook till the veggies are wilted, about 3~4 minutes.

  * Add the cooked rice, soy sauce, chinese five spice powder, salt and pepper. Mix well to combine all the ingredients. Fry till the rice is slightly crispy in the bottom.

  * Add the scrambled eggs and mix well. Serve hot and Enjoy!!

###

Notes

Check out the **Blogging Marathon page for the other Blogging Marathoners
doing BM# 44** **.**

An InLinkz Link-up

Tried this recipe?Mention @cooks_hideout or tag #cookshideout!

## More

  * Brazil -- AcarajÃ© (Black Eyed Peas Fritters - Vegetarian recipe)

  * Argentina - Creme Caramel with Dulche de Leche

  * Whole Wheat Milk Bread

  * Foxtail Millet Payasam (Korrala/ Thinai Payasam)

5 shares

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin
  * Yummly
  * Email

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Srivalli

September 03, 2014 at 10:55 am

Such a lovely presentation Pavani..I remember reading about this recipe in the
Mainland China cookbook..:)..

Reply

  2. Kalyani

September 03, 2014 at 11:07 am

brilliant photography :-)) and a yummy dish.. wonder what you have in mind for
X now that C is for china :-))

Reply

  3. Varadas Kitchen

September 03, 2014 at 11:07 am

Fried rice looks awesome and it is such a simple recipe. I must try it.

Reply

  4. Suma Gandlur

September 03, 2014 at 12:24 pm

The dish sounds simple and easy to prepare and love that pink bowl.

Reply

  5. Usha Rao

September 03, 2014 at 12:49 pm

That is so true about Chinese cuisine. The one we eat is customized to local
taste that natives of the country would not even recognize it.. ðŸ™‚ Shanghai
fried rice is appetizing. I don't mind having it for breakfast right now.

Reply

  6. Priya Suresh

September 03, 2014 at 1:14 pm

Wish i get that bowl for my dinner tonite, very inviting shanghai fried rice,
love ur set up.

Reply

  7. Sapana Behl

September 03, 2014 at 7:40 pm

Shanghai fried rice looks stunning , would love to try it...

Reply

  8. Manjula Bharath

September 03, 2014 at 8:56 pm

wow wonderul fried rice there pavani ðŸ™‚ your presentation is apt for the contry
with those chinese wares ðŸ™‚ lovely set up and fantastic fried rice !!

Reply

  9. Global Tastes &amp; Travels Inc.

September 04, 2014 at 12:54 am

I love 5-spice powder and must lend an earthy flavor to this rice

Reply

  10. Global Tastes &amp;amp; Travels Inc.

September 04, 2014 at 12:54 am

I love 5-spice powder and must lend an earthy flavor to this rice

Reply

  11. Harini-Jaya Rupanagudi

September 04, 2014 at 2:16 am

A stunning bowl of rice!! The pictures are beautiful.

Reply

  12. rekhas kitchen

September 04, 2014 at 7:26 am

Very tru about Chinese cuisine what we have in India is mix fo Indo-Chinese.
fride rice is always well com looks so yumm.

Reply

  13. vaishali sabnani

September 04, 2014 at 11:59 am

The rice looks inviting and your photography skills are highlighting the dish
and tempting us to dig in...and I guess one does modify any cuisine to one's
own style.

Reply

  14. PJ

September 06, 2014 at 12:25 pm

You have presented it so beautifully Pavani.Simple yet hearty dish.I love the
5 spice blend.And rightly said, we tend to customize the Chinese dishes to
suit our taste!!!

Reply

  15. Priya Srinivasan

September 07, 2014 at 8:07 am

Lovely presentation girl!!! That is one warm bowl of comfort!!!

Reply

  16. Sreevalli E

September 17, 2014 at 10:44 pm

Very comforting rice bowl Pavani.. Pics & presentation both are awesome.

Reply

  17. Archana Potdar

September 24, 2014 at 4:09 pm

Wow what a delicious and comforting bowl of fried rice.

Reply

  18. Foodiliciousnan

October 07, 2014 at 2:51 am

The five spice powder sounds very interesting... Have used all those spices in
different combinations in Indian cooking, but this combo sounds very
different. Must try it out and make this rice. Just LOVED that first click

Reply

  19. Gayathri's Cook Spot

October 15, 2014 at 6:34 am

Such a colourful looking platter. The fried rice snaps are making me hungry...

Reply

### Thanks for coming! Let me know what you think: Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Î”

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### Welcome, All!!

Hello, I am Pavani, the cook in this hideout. Cook's Hideout is all about
delicious vegetarian dishes from India and also from around the world. Here
you will find recipes that are easy AND tasty to make. More about me...

### My Cookbooks

### My Cookbooks

### My Web Stories

Check out my web stories here...

## Footer

^ back to top

### About

  * Privacy Policy

### Newsletter

  * Subscribe

### Contact

  * About

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright Â© 2020 **Foodie Pro** on the Foodie Pro Theme

5 shares

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

