https://holycowvegan.net/veg-fried-rice-recipe/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Browse Recipes
    * Latest
    * By Category
  * Indian Vegan Recipes
  * SUBSCRIBE
  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Latest recipes
  * Browse by category
  * Indian Vegan Recipes
  * Subscribe
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

×

Home > Vegan Rice Recipes

# Veg Fried Rice

Posted: Mar 7, 2020 · Updated: Sep 6, 2021

Jump to Recipe Pin Recipe

A delicious plate of Vegetable Fried Rice, made in the Indo-Chinese style. The
separate, perfectly cooked grains of rice are tied together with a savory,
flavorful sauce of rice vinegar and tamari, and studded with vegetables like
carrots and bell peppers. Once you have your ingredients prepped, this recipe
comes together in under five minutes. A vegan, nut-free and gluten-free
recipe.

I promised you this, the recipe for my easy and incredibly delicious Veg Fried
Rice to go with the Veg Manchurian I shared yesterday, and here we are.

This is guaranteed to become your favorite vegetable fried rice recipe, or
maybe even your favorite rice recipe. It really is that good, with a
restaurant-like taste that's impossible to resist.

And it doesn't have to be eaten with the Manchurian, of course, although it's
excellent with that. This fried rice makes a great meal by itself. Toss in
some baked tofu cubes to pump up the protein.

This is the way I've been making veg fried rice for years, and I love it. The
stir-fried rice comes out just perfect, and you don't have to plan ahead or
make the rice a day ahead, or everything else you are usually instructed to do
when making fried rice.

In fact, this recipe takes hardly any time to make. You can use leftover rice
and add other veggies you have on hand. If cooking rice from scratch, put your
rice to cook in the microwave (or the stovetop), prep the veggies and other
ingredients, and put it all together in under five minutes. And you'll be so,
so glad you did.

This is an extremely kid-friendly recipe, in case you have picky eaters
around. It's rice, it's salty, and for once they won't even mind the veggies.

## **Ingredients for the vegetable fried rice**

  * **Basmati rice**. This might not be the kind of rice you usually use for fried rice, but it's perfect for Indo-Chinese fried rice. You can also use leftover rice, which has hardened a bit. Separate out the grains with a fork before using.
  *  **Vegetable oil:** I use avocado oil for most of my cooking, but any flavorless oil that won't burn at high temperatures is fine.
  *  **Garlic** : Tons of it.
  *  **Green bell peppers** : There's something about green bell peppers we Indians love, much more so than we love bell peppers of any other color. It's probably the fact that they are so savory and go so well with any kind of Indian cooking.
  *  **Scallions** : Because veg fried rice just wouldn't work without them.
  *  **Carrots:** For a splash of color and tons of nutrition.
  *  **Tamari:** If you want to keep this gluten-free. Soy sauce is a fine substitute
  *  **Hot chili sauce** : You can use any kind of hot sauce you have on hand here but the kind you can find in Indian groceries, labeled "chilli sauce" is awesome. Sriracha would work too, so would anything else you have on hand that's red and hot. I used the Maggi Masala Chilli Sauce and I added an Amazon affiliate link below in the recipe box so you can see what that is, but you can find it much cheaper at any Indian grocery.
  *  **Rice vinegar:** You want some tang in your rice. Rice vinegar is great, but apple cider vinegar or just plain vinegar works too.
  *  **Liquid aminos** : Indo-Chinese fried rice made in Indian restaurants and by street vendors has a great smokiness. You can't really achieve that in home cooking without burning your food, and the liquid aminos does a great job of adding smokiness without the fire.

## How to make the best vegetable fried rice

  * **Pick the right rice:** The rice is of course the most important ingredient in your fried rice, so you need to make sure you get it right. Most Indo-Chinese cooks would use basmati, not the short-grain or medium-grain rice you usually find in Chinese foods. So use basmati or another long grain, if possible.
  *  **Cook the rice:** The rice needs to be cooked just enough, but not to the point of softness. If the rice is too soft, it will mash when you fry it in the wok, and you'll have a rice pudding instead of fried rice. Not the effect you're going for. To get your rice just right, you will need to soak it for 30 minutes. Then drain, measure in the water, and toss it in the microwave. If you don't want to use a microwave, you can cook the rice on the stovetop. Bring a bit pot of salted water to boil, add the rice the way you would pasta, and cook it until the grain is just soft enough that it mashes when you apply slight pressure, but not falling apart.
  *  **Dry the rice** : That's right, you need your cooked rice grains to be as "dry" as possible so they fry up nicely in the hot wok. To do this, drain the rice thoroughly after cooking, in case there's any water left in it, then spread it in an even layer in a baking sheet and let it stand while you prep the rest of your ingredients.
  *  **Prep the veggies:** Chop the veggies really fine for the fried rice. That way they won't take too long to cook in the screaming-hot wok. I like using scallions, carrots and bell peppers. Green beans, onions, broccoli, cauliflower would all work too. You will need a ton of garlic for this recipe: I use a whole big bulb for two cups of rice.
  *  **Sauce it right:** Like with the veg manchurian you will need a medley of sauces for this recipe--although not as many--and together they'll make your fried rice taste like heaven. I use tamari (soy sauce is fine), hot chili sauce, rice vinegar and some liquid aminos which add a nice, smoky flavor. If you don't have liquid aminos you can skip it and use more tamari.
  *  **Put it all together:** The rice comes together really fast once your wok is hot, so make sure you have all ingredients prepped and ready before you turn on the stove.

## **What can I serve with the fried rice?**

Any Indo-Chinese veggie or tofu dish will go beautifully with the fried rice.

I usually serve it with my Veg Manchurian or my Chilli Tofu.

## **More vegan rice recipes**

  * Vegan Dirty Rice
  * Vegan Jambalaya
  * Soya Pulao
  * Lemon Garlic Rice
  * Vegetable Biryani

## Veg Fried Rice

A delicious plate of Vegetable Fried Rice, made in the Indo-Chinese style. The
separate, perfectly cooked grains of rice are tied together with a savory,
flavorful sauce of rice vinegar and tamari, and studded with vegetables like
carrots and bell peppers. Once you have your ingredients prepped, this recipe
comes together in under five minutes. A vegan, nut-free and gluten-free
recipe.

5 from 9 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe Review Recipe

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Indian Vegetarian, Indo-Chinese

Diet: Gluten Free, Vegan, Vegetarian

Keyword: Veg Fried Rice, Vegetable Fried Rice

Prep Time: 20 mins

Cook Time: 5 mins

Total Time: 25 mins

Servings: 8 servings

Calories: 208kcal

Author: Vaishali · Holy Cow! Vegan Recipes

### Ingredients

US Customary \- Metric

  * ▢ 2 cups basmati rice (soaked in water for 30 minutes, then drained)
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon vegetable oil
  * ▢ 12 cloves garlic (use less if you don't like your rice garlicky)
  * ▢ 3 green chili peppers (minced. Serrano or jalapeno both work. Deseed and/or use less if sensitive to heat)
  * ▢ 6 scallions (finely chopped. Green and white parts separated)
  * ▢ 2 medium carrots (finely chopped. You want these to be as small as you can possibly get them without grating them, so they cook quickly in the wok)
  * ▢ 1 large green bell pepper (again very finely chopped into tiny bits)
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon hot chili sauce (see notes above for what's suitable)
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon tamari (or soy sauce if not gluten-free)
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon rice vinegar
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon liquid aminos (optional, but nice)
  * ▢ Salt and ground black pepper to taste

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Instructions

  * You can either make the rice in the microwave or the stovetop. To make it in the microwave, place the drained rice in a microwave-safe bowl and add 3 cups water to it. Add salt and mix. Cook on high power for 9 minutes or until the rice is cooked about 90 percent--enough to mash it with some pressure, but not soft. Drain the rice thoroughly if there's any water remaining.

To cook this on the stovetop, bring a large pot of salted water to boil, the
way you would for pasta. Add the drained rice and cook about 8-9 minutes,
again until the rice is about 90 percent done. Drain thoroughly.

  * Spread the rice on a baking sheet in as thin a layer as possible and set aside for at least 15-20 minutes or even more if possible. The rice should cool down thoroughly.

  * Heat the wok over very high heat--as high as your stove will go.

  * Pour in the vegetable oil along the sides of the pan so by the time it pools at the bottom it's already hot.

  * Immediately add the garlic, green chili peppers, the white part of the scallions, carrots and green bell peppers. Stir-fry rapidly for just about a minute, then add in the sauces--hot chili sauce, tamari, rice vinegar and liquid aminos. Mix them quickly and then add the rice. 

  * Stir-fry the rice, with the wok still on high heat, for a couple of minutes, moving it constantly so every grain of rice has an opportunity to make contact with the hot surface of the wok several times. After two to three minutes, taste the rice and add ground black pepper and more salt if needed. Mix thoroughly, turn off the heat, garnish with the green parts of the scallions and serve hot.

### Nutrition

Calories: 208kcal | Carbohydrates: 42g | Protein: 5g | Fat: 2g | Saturated
Fat: 1g | Potassium: 190mg | Fiber: 2g | Sugar: 2g | Vitamin A: 2713IU |
Vitamin C: 21mg | Calcium: 35mg | Iron: 1mg

Tried this recipe?Please leave a comment and recipe rating below!

Follow Holy Cow Vegan on Instagram

« Veg Manchurian

Vegan Mushroom Bourguignon »

  *   *   *   * 

#### About Vaishali

 _  
Hi! I'm Vaishali, a journalist turned food blogger. At Holy Cow Vegan I share
easy, tasty recipes made with clean, wholesome ingredients that the entire
family can enjoy.

Leave this field empty if you're human:

### Try these recipes next

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Merry Pearson

May 05, 2020 at 3:53 pm

  
Thanks bunch for this recipe. I have been in self isolation far away from home
as my son and I cannot travel on account of his SLE. This site has been the
guide I so much needed. Cooking rice is such a combination of art and science.
Thanks a milly.

I sometimes see chefs sprinkling salt and olive oil especially when preparing
separate rice

And would you get the same results if you used short or medium grain variety
in place of long grain?

Reply

    * Ravi

November 17, 2020 at 11:52 pm

  
Oh man..looks Soo yummy. Huuuuuuuungry now

Reply

  2. Diane

March 07, 2020 at 4:13 pm

  
This rice dish is my go-to meal. I make it often and love it. The kitchen
explodes with the flavorful aroma.

Reply

    * Vaishali

April 17, 2020 at 3:17 pm

So happy to hear that!

Reply

### Leave a comment: Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name

Email

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi, I'm Vaishali!** I cook, eat and share easy, tasty and nutritious plant-
based recipes from my Washington, D.C. kitchen, but I never fight a craving
for samosas or French fries.

More about me →

  *   *   *   *   * 

## Trending recipes

  * Cheesy Vegan Cauliflower Pasta Bake

  * Vegan Picadillo Tacos

  * Vegan Zucchini Pasta

  * Chickpea Rice

  * Vegan Mushroom Stroganoff

  * Mexican Tofu with Apricots, Chipotle and Tamarind

## Recipes to make now

  * Vegan Bean and Oats Burger

  * Spicy Vegan Black Bean Burgers

  * Grilled Corn Salad

  * Vegan Corn Fritters

  * Easy Pan Roasted Zucchini

  * Curry Roasted Eggplant

## How to make

  * Dosa Recipe | How to Make Perfect Dosai at Home

  * Easy Mushroom Stock

  * Sambar Powder (Sambar Masala)

  * Roti recipe. How to make the softest Roti/Chapati (step by step with video)

  * Healthy Whole Wheat Vegan Puff Pastry (1/2 the fat)

  * Easy Indian Curry Paste for Restaurant-Style Dishes

  * Vegan Mayo

  * How to Make Curry Powder

## Footer

* * *

## ABOUT HOLYCOWVEGAN

All Recipes  
Recipe Videos  
About Vaishali  
Privacy Policy

## VEGAN INDIAN RECIPES

Vegan Dal or Dahl Recipes  
Vegan Curry Recipes  
Indian Vegan Desserts

## VEGAN BAKING RECIPES

Vegan Bread Recipes  
Vegan Sourdough Recipes  
Vegan Cake Recipes  
Vegan Pie Recipes  
Vegan Cookie Recipes

* * *

As an Amazon associate I earn from qualifying purchases. Please read my full
disclosure here.

© 2022 Holy Cow Vegan

## Sharing is Caring

Help spread the word. You're awesome for doing it!

