https://www.saltnpepperhere.com/blog/shanghai-vegetable-rice


  * HOME
  * BLOG
  * Recipes By Category
  * Recipes by Diet
  * Contact
  * About
  * Portfolio

Menu

#

Street Address

City, State, Zip

Phone Number

Homemade food to nourish & indulge

Homemade food to nourish & indulge

#

  * HOME
  * BLOG
  * Recipes By Category
  * Recipes by Diet
  * Contact
  * About
  * Portfolio

#  Shanghai Vegetable Rice ( 上海菜飯 )

March 21, 2022 Sonia Wong

JUMP TO RECIPE ⇣ 🎥 JUMP TO VIDEO ⇣

This **SHANGHAI VEGETABLE RICE** is a simple comfort food of my childhood. It
is the kind of humble home cooking that I love and crave. I named this recipe
as a direct translation of its name in Chinese, 上海菜飯. Even though “vegetable”
is the closest translation, the character 菜 ( _choy_ in Cantonese or _cài_ in
Mandarin) in this specific context refers to leafy vegetables versus the
broader definition of vegetables. For example, this wouldn’t have carrots or
bean sprouts in it, even though those are also vegetables. Growing up, we
simply called this “choy faan” or leafy vegetable rice.

Semantics aside, I am SO excited to share this, the third instalment of a
recipe series I started on my Instagram, You Got This in 30 Minutes, wherein
each recipe is family-friendly and can be made in 30 minutes (or less). I try
to keep the recipes in this series simple, and this is no exception - it only
involves 5 ingredients (excluding salt and oil). I’m so pleased with the
amazing response to the first two recipes from the series so far — I linked
them below in case you’re interested.

The star veggie in this recipe is Shanghai bok choy, the variety of bok choy
with pale green stems and smooth, light green leaves that tastes slightly
sweeter and less grassy than regular bok choy with white stems and dark green,
curly leaves. You can generally use Shanghai bok choy and regular bok choy
interchangeably in most recipes. Their tastes are ever so subtly different.
For example, I slightly prefer Shanghai bok choy for this dish, but regular
bok choy for my Shanghai dumpling filling. Whichever bok choy variety you use
comes down to a matter of individual taste preferences or, more likely, simply
whichever looks freshest at the store that day!

Interestingly, in spite of this being called **SHANGHAI VEGETABLE RICE** ,
this dish actually often involves a little bit of Chinese salted meat (“ham
yuk” or 鹹肉) or Chinese sausage (“lap cheong” or 臘腸) to flavour the dish.
However, since those are not widely accessible to everyone here, I use organic
ground pork in my version which my family loves. This may not be authentic but
it is simply a version I make often. Occasionally, I have even used a little
bit of Italian pancetta to impart that salt-cured pork flavour if I happen to
have some in the fridge! Feel free to sub with ground chicken if you don’t eat
pork.

Or, if you landed here looking for a meatless rice dish because of the recipe
title, I have good news! You can absolutely make this meatless as we often did
growing up, too. We typically used dehydrated shiitake mushrooms for the umami
ingredient in place of meat (see recipe Head Note 4 below). I also think a few
slabs of pan fried tofu would round it out nicely for a standalone meal with
protein.

Let me know in comments what you think of this recipe or if you have any
questions. I will always be sure to respond. And if you make it, share on
Instagram and tag me so I can see!

Eat well and be well.

Sonia x

* * *

## You May Also Be Interested in…

### these other recipes from the same recipe series, _You Got This in 30
Minutes_ :

### 》MUSHROOM AND EGG “GYUDON” JAPANESE RICE BOWL RECIPE

### 》15 MINUTES ROASTED RED PEPPER PASTA RECIPE

  

* * *

### SHANGHAI VEGETABLE RICE - HEAD NOTES:

 **1\. WHAT KIND OF RICE SHOULD I USE?** Long-grain jasmine rice is the
default in Chinese meals but I actually love using short-grain (sushi) rice in
this recipe for its chewier texture as pictured in this blog post. Either will
work. Since this recipe involves only a few ingredients, it’s important to
make sure the rice is cooked properly aka not soggy and not undercooked. In
particular, take care to measure the grains and water with accuracy. I’m
obsessed with rice and am sure I could write a whole post just on cooking rice
but for now, make sure to follow my recipe instructions on rinsing, soaking
(for short-grain rice) and cooking.

**2\. WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN BOK CHOY AND SHANGHAI BOK CHOY?**
Shanghai bok choy has pale green stems and smooth pale green leaves. Regular
bok choy has white stems and curlier, dark green leaves. In taste, Shanghai
bok choy is slightly sweeter while regular bok choy is more verdant. They are
similar enough to be used interchangeably in most recipes. Use your favourite
in this dish or whichever is fresher at the store. You can also use either the
“baby” smaller bok choy plants or the full sized bok choy in this recipe since
they get chopped finely.

 **3\. SUBSTITUTES FOR THE GROUND PORK.** Chinese salted pork (“haam yuk” or
鹹肉) is the traditional meat to use but I use ground pork for two reasons: (1)
It is widely accessible at conventional grocery stores. (2) Ground meat in
general is one of my favourite weeknight shortcuts because it doesn’t require
any prepping whatsoever which saves a TON of time. ALTERNATIVES TO GROUND
PORK: ground chicken OR pork tenderloin cut into 1/4” cubes. Another great
substitution is Italian pancetta cut into 1/4” cubes (in which case omit the
soy sauce and salt marinade). See note 4 below for meatless version.

 **4\. CAN THIS BE MEATLESS?** YES. In fact, my family often made a meatless
version of this dish, with shiitake mushrooms. Dehydrated shiitake mushrooms
(rehydrated overnight in fridge to use) are more flavourful but you can use
milder, fresh shiitake mushrooms too. Chop shiitakes into small 1/4” dice and
cook them until tender, then mix them in instead of ground pork in the recipe.

  

* * *

Recipe and Printable Recipe Below ⇣

Print Recipe

## SHANGHAI VEGETABLE RICE ( 上海菜飯 )

Recipe serves 4.

### INGREDIENTS

2½ C uncooked rice, short-grain rice (as pictured in this blog post) or long-
grain rice (see note 1 above)

1½ lb shanghai bok choy, washed (see note 2)

½ lb ground pork (see note 3)

½ tsp soy sauce (tamari for gluten-free)

¼ tsp kosher salt

2 slices fresh ginger

Neutral oil for cooking (I use avocado oil)

 ** _To serve:_**

Soy sauce and/or chili oil and/or Bragg’s Liquid Soy Seasoning which we love
:)

### METHOD

Wash 2½ cups of uncooked rice, gently rubbing grains against each other with
your hand while swirling it in water. I do this directly in a fine-mesh
colander or you can wash the rice in the cooking pot filled with water and
pour out water several times. Do this until water runs clearer but does not
need to be fully transparent. Drain well in fine-mesh colander so most excess
water is drained off. Place drained rice in pot. Add 2½ cups of water.

• Softer rice: I love my rice on the firmer side so my golden rule is 1:1
water-to-rice ratio for both long grain and short grain rice. If you prefer
softer rice, add more water if using short grain rice. I still recommend 1:1
ratio for long grain rice. For softer short grain rice, add up to 1:1¼ ratio
by adding as much as 3 cups plus 2 tablespoons of water.

• Soaking short grain rice: If using short grain rice, allow it to soak in the
measured water before cooking – anywhere between 10 to 60 minutes. OK so yes,
this step technically makes this recipe more than 30 minutes but it is passive
time. If you don’t have the time, skip soaking but definitely use the maximum
amount of water stated above to cook. Continue to cooking step once it has
soaked the amount of time you can spare. You do not need to soak long grain
rice.

Set pot of rice on the stove over high heat. Cover with lid and cook until
water is boiling and steam is escaping (usually 5-7 minutes) at which point,
without lifting lid, turn heat ALL THE WAY DOWN TO LOWEST HEAT and let it
continue to cook 20 minutes. Fluff and use.

In a small bowl, mix ground pork with the soy sauce and salt. Set aside to
marinate.

Finely chop shanghai bok choy into approximately ¼” pieces, separating stem
pieces and leafy pieces into two separate piles.

When rice is almost done, start cooking. Set wok or large cooking vessel over
medium-high heat. Once heated, drizzle some oil and add ground pork. Sauté
with spatula until cooked and slightly browned. Scoop out and set aside.

Drizzle a bit more oil and add ginger slices. Move them around to bloom the
flavour, around 5 seconds. Add chopped bok choy stem pieces and sauté until
they’re starting to get tender. Add the chopped leafy pieces and continue to
sauté briefly until wilted. Season with salt to taste.

Lower heat. Add back cooked ground pork and cooked rice to the wok and mix
everything well and until warmed through. Discard ginger slices. Serve as is,
or optionally serve with Chinese chili oil and/or soy sauce or our favourite,
a few drops of Bragg’s Liquid Soy Seasoning which tastes similar to Maggi
sauce (IYKYK 😉) except with clean ingredients. Enjoy!

* * *

###  🎥 WATCH MY IG VIDEO TUTORIAL!

> View this post on Instagram
>
> A post shared by sonia wong | food + photos (@saltnpepperhere)

* * *

_Let me know what you think of this recipe in the blog comments. And if you
make it, I’d love to hear about it. Tag me on  _ _Instagram_ _  so I can see!
_

In Asian food, Chinese food, easy weeknight, egg free, gluten free, healthy,
pasta + rice + grains, one pot meals, rice + grains, savory, 30 minute Tags
cai fan, bok choy, choy faan

<- How To Make Bone Broth in the Oven / Oven Bone Broth Recipe (with Fail-
Proof Gel)15 Minute Roasted Red Pepper Pasta ->

* * *

## Subscribe

Email Address

Sign Up

Thank you!

* * *

hello, I’m Sonia!

Welcome to my blog, where you will find unfussy recipes I make for my family
using whole and quality ingredients that are nutritious, kid-friendly and
always delicious! If you like what you see here, you can find more food things
by me on Instagram, Food Network Canada (digital and social) and CTV’s Your
Morning 🤗 Learn more about me and my food philosophy here…

* * *

C A T E G O R I E S :

  * 30 minute 
  * Asian food 
  * Chinese food 
  * Dinner Party Entertaining 
  * Meat + Poultry 
  * Summer Dinners 
  * appetizers + snacks 
  * braises & stews 
  * breakfast 
  * condiment 
  * cookies + bars + treats 
  * cooking basics 
  * dairy free 
  * dessert 
  * drink 
  * easy weeknight 
  * egg free 
  * fish + seafood 
  * gluten free 
  * grain free 
  * healthy 
  * holidays 
  * indulgence 
  * main 
  * meatless 
  * noodles 
  * nut-free 
  * one pot meals 
  * paleo 
  * pasta + rice + grains 
  * pastas 
  * pastas + grains 
  * pescatarian 
  * refined sugar free 
  * rice + grains 
  * savory 
  * side dish 
  * soups + salads 
  * sweet 
  * vegan 
  * vegetarian 
  * whole30 

* * *

P O P U L A R :

Chinese Vegetarian Dumplings

Mushroom and Egg "Gyudon" Japanese Rice Bowl

Shanghai Vegetable Rice

Spanish Tapas Party

Peach Passionfruit Pavlova

Perfect GF Choux Puffs!

4-Ingredient Crunchy Chicken Nuggets

Oven Bone Broth ( that gels )

* * *

 Copyright © 2016-2022 Saltnpepperhere. All content including images is
copyrighted and may not be republished in part or whole without permission and
proper credit.

