https://cookieandkate.com/peanut-dipping-sauce/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * About
  * Cookbook
  * Shop
  * Subscribe
  * Saved

Cookie and Kate

Whole Foods and Vegetarian Recipe Blog

  * All recipes
    * View all
    * Course
      * Appetizers
      * Baked goods
      * Breakfast
      * Cookies
      * Dessert
      * Dips & Sauces
      * Dinner
      * Drinks
      * Salads
      * Sides
      * Snacks
      * Soups
    * Cuisine
      * Asian
      * Indian
      * Italian
      * Mediterranean
      * Mexican
    * Diet
      * Dairy free
      * Egg free
      * Gluten free
      * GF & Dairy free
      * GF & Vegan
      * Nut free
      * Soy free
      * Sugar free
      * Tomato free
      * Vegan
    * Everyday
      * All-time favorites
      * Budget friendly
      * Fast breakfasts
      * Pack for lunch
      * Pantry friendly
      * Weeknight dinners
    * Ingredient
      * View all
      * Avocado
      * Black beans
      * Chickpeas
      * Eggs
      * Kale
      * Oats
      * Pasta
      * Quinoa
      * Sweet potatoes
    * Season
      * Spring
      * Summer
      * Fall
      * Winter
      * Monthly guides
  * Breakfast
  * Salad
  * Soup
  * Dinner
  * Dessert
  * Favorites
  * Search...

Our cookbook, Love Real Food, is here! Get your copy ↣

# Peanut Dipping Sauce

293 Comments

Jump to Recipe

Since we're entering the season of potlucks and barbecues, **it 's time to
share my go-to peanut sauce recipe.** It's creamy, savory, a little spicy and
totally satisfying.

**Bonus?** This flavorful sauce is easy to make.

**Make some peanut sauce and drizzle it on everything!** This peanut sauce
also makes a stellar veggie dip. Store-bought veggie dips are notoriously full
of preservatives, but not this one.

### Watch How to Make Peanut Sauce

## Uses for Peanut Sauce

Veggie dip aside, this peanut sauce is wonderful over noodles and served with
spring rolls. You can also drizzle it on steamed or roasted vegetables for
some extra protein and tons of flavor. It's great with mango, too!

### Recipes Featuring Peanut Sauce

If you're craving more of a complete meal or eager for more peanutty goodness,
check out these recipes on Cookie and Kate.

  * Peanut Slaw with Soba Noodles
  * Thai Mango Cabbage Wraps with Crispy Tofu and Peanut Sauce
  * Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce over Roasted Sweet Potatoes and Rice
  * Summer Rolls with Spicy Peanut Sauce
  * Crunchy Thai Peanut & Quinoa Salad

## Peanut Sauce Tips

I love this sauce the way it's written below, but feel free to play around
with it.

  * **For a more traditional Thai peanut sauce,** you can substitute coconut milk for the water. This will mellow the other flavors a bit.
  * **For an extra burst of fresh flavor,** add a squeeze of lime juice and/or some chopped cilantro.
  * **If the sauce too thick for your purposes,** simply thin it out with some additional water or coconut milk or lime juice.

**Please let me know how you like this peanut sauce recipe in the comments!**
I always love to hear from you.

Print

## Peanut Dipping Sauce

Print

save

  * Author: Cookie and Kate
  * Prep Time: 5 mins
  * Total Time: 5 minutes
  * Yield: 1 ⅔ cup 1x
  * Category: Sauce
  * Method: By hand
  * Cuisine: Asian

★★★★★

4.5 from 121 reviews

You can serve this healthy peanut sauce recipe as a dip or drizzle over Asian
dishes! You can toss this savory peanut sauce with noodles, too. It's good
every which way! Recipe yields about 1 ⅔ cup sauce.

Scale 1x2x3x

### Ingredients

  * ¾ cup creamy peanut butter
  * ¼ cup rice vinegar
  * ⅓ cup reduced sodium tamari or reduced-sodium soy sauce
  * 3 tablespoons honey
  * 1 ½ teaspoons grated fresh ginger or ½ teaspoon ground ginger
  * 1 to 2 medium cloves garlic, pressed or minced, to taste
  * ¼ teaspoon red pepper flakes, plus more for sprinkling
  * 2 to 4 tablespoons water or coconut milk, or as necessary to reach your desired consistency
  * Optional garnishes: sprinkling of chopped roasted peanuts and additional red pepper flakes

### Instructions

  1. In a 2-cup liquid measuring cup or medium-sized mixing bowl, whisk together the ingredients until well blended. If your peanut butter is particularly thick, you may need to use the full 4 tablespoons of water to thin out the mixture (or more, if necessary).
  2. Feel free to adjust to taste here—for example, sometimes I want my sauce more savory and add another clove of garlic, or a little sweeter, so I add extra honey.
  3. If you're serving the sauce as a party dip, transfer it to a serving bowl and sprinkle with chopped peanuts and red pepper flakes for some visual interest!

### Notes

_Recipe adapted from mybroccoli rabe peanut soba noodles and peanut-sesame
slaw. _  
**Make it vegan:** Use maple syrup instead of honey.  
**Make it gluten free:** Be sure to use gluten-free tamari, not regular soy
sauce.  
**Storage suggestions:** Store this dip in the refrigerator, covered, for up
to a week. You may need to whisk it again before serving or wake up the
flavors with a little splash of vinegar.

### ▸ Nutrition Information

The information shown is an estimate provided by an online nutrition
calculator. It should not be considered a substitute for a professional
nutritionist's advice. See our full nutrition disclosure here.

Did you make this recipe?

Please let me know how it turned out for you! Leave a comment below and share
a picture on Instagram with the hashtag #cookieandkate.

Share This Post

p

Pin

f

Share

t

Tweet

e

Email

▸ Categories appetizers, Asian, budget friendly, condiments, dips & sauces,
dairy free, egg free, gluten free, pantry friendly, recipes, snacks, Super
Bowl, Thai, tomato free, vegan ▸ Ingredients ginger, peanut butter, tamari

↢ newer

Quinoa Black Bean Tacos with Creamy Avocado Sauce

older ↣

Summertime Aguas Frescas

### By Kathryne Taylor

Vegetable enthusiast. Dog lover. I'm probably making a big mess in my Kansas
City kitchen right now.  
More about Cookie and Kate »

**_Follow us!_** Instagram ⋄ Pinterest ⋄ Facebook

### Never miss a new recipe

Subscribe to our email newsletter! As a thank you, we'll give you our welcome
guide with 5 printable dinner recipes. (It's all free.)

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

### Leave a comment below: Cancel reply

Your comments make my day. Thank you! If you have a question, please skim the
comments section—you might find an immediate answer there. If you made the
recipe, please choose a star rating, too.

Comment *

Recipe rating _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_



Name *

Email *

Email me when Kate or another C+K reader replies directly to my comment. (You
will not be subscribed to our email newsletter.)

Δ

  1. Donna Joy Hays

April 29, 2020

This was awful

★

Reply

    * Kate

April 30, 2020

I'm sorry you didn't love this one. What didn't you like, Donna?

Reply

      * Hannah

September 23, 2020

I loved this! It tastes just like the restaurant's that is near me. I did a
little veggie plate and small salad. I thought it was best with little bell
peppers. This will become a staple at my house now. Thank you!!

★★★★★

Reply

      * Tamara Kirson

September 22, 2021

Kate, this was scrumptious! We put it on baked tofu and wow! We can’t wait to
try it on angel hair pasta and on chicken, too. Thanks for a super tasty and
easy recipe!

★★★★★

Reply

        * Kate

September 23, 2021

You're welcome, Tamara! I'm glad you loved it.

Reply

    * Eric Henry

January 25, 2021

Wow! I literally cannot believe that you thought this was awful. I've eaten a
lot of peanut sauce and this probably wasn't the best one I've ever had but it
is definitely one of the better. My family had fried tofu with peanut sauce
from my favorite Thai restaurant yesterday and everyone loved it. This was
universally praised as significantly better.

I agree about a squirt of lime.

★★★★★

Reply

      * Kate

January 31, 2021

I'm happy you love it, Eric!

Reply

  2. Laurie

May 1, 2020

loved this! added a squeeze of fresh lime too for an extra zip!

★★★★★

Reply

  3. John

May 2, 2020

This was awesome!

★★★★★

Reply

  4. Donna

May 22, 2020

Love! Love! Love! Love! Love!  
Soooo delicious! Would like to pour it over noodles, chicken, Asian dishes, my
fingers, etc! Great recipe! Thanks for sharing!

★★★★★

Reply

  5. Terry

May 26, 2020

I recently purchased your cookbook as I want to add more vegetables and vegan
options to my diet. I am not one to follow recipes to the letter as I am
creative and can't leave anything alone. I also have wheat/wheat gluten and
dairy intolerances so I am always tweaking recipes. That being said, I made
your peanut sauce. The flavors are balanced and this sauce does not have the
'peanut butter' flavor as some do. This peanut sauce recipe is by far the best
I have found so far. Because of my issues I substituted gluten free soy sauce
and cut the amount in half to cut the salt and added a hint more water. I used
it on the roasted broccoli dish from the cookbook and the next day on a basic
salad. It was AWESOME. I will be using this for my spring rolls as well. Oh… I
also used a teaspoon of sambal instead of the red pepper flakes. Thank you!

★★★★★

Reply

  6. Angela

June 4, 2020

This was the saltiest sauce I've ever tasted, and honestly, I had to throw it
all away. I tried so hard to alter the recipe once it was made to make it
edible, but the aftertaste was absolutely horrific.

★

Reply

    * Anne

September 25, 2020

Very strange Angela, since there is no salt as an ingredient in the ingredient
list. You must have used things with salt in it.

Reply

      * Laura Smith

December 30, 2020

I think this might be caused by the Soy Sauce. In the recipe, it's mentioning
reduced sodium. I'd say try a different soy sauce. ¯\\_(ツ)_/¯

Reply

  7. Charlotte Norris

June 4, 2020

I tried your granola and loved it! Also like your pantry staples list and
can't wait to try the dressings, hummus and peanut dip! Nice work…I'm
bookmarking your site in my head.

Reply

  8. Cee

June 11, 2020

I used raw tahini instead of peanut butter. The lime juice and cilantro really
made it pop, it was so good! I made fresh spring rolls for an appetizer, but
the dip was so good I ended up having enough to spoil my appetite for dinner.

★★★★★

Reply

  9. stephanie

June 28, 2020

delicious! i followed the recipe exactly but found that it tasted a little too
vinegary and not as spicy as i wanted, so i added more peanut butter and about
a tablespoon of red pepper flakes and it was much better! i used seasoned rice
vinegar so that may have been why it tasted a little off, but all in all,
great recipe thank you!!

★★★★★

Reply

  10. Megan Reimer

June 29, 2020

So so yummy!! Thank you for the recipe!!

★★★★★

Reply

  11. Janna

July 1, 2020

Not good. Too much vinegar. Way too tangy.

★

Reply

  12. Mariam

July 16, 2020

Good

★★

Reply

  13. Stephanie

July 19, 2020

Love love love this recipe!!  
I changed only a couple things. I used 2 T of maple syrup instead of the
honey, added a little extra fresh ginger, and a little more red pepper flakes.
Yum yum!

★★★★★

Reply

  14. Fan

August 1, 2020

This sauce is awesome! We use it as a dipping sauce for our summer rolls and
drizzle for rice bowls. I have to use almond butter because my daughter has a
peanut allergy. I generally use less honey, add 1-2 Tbsp of dark sesame oil,
and always a good quality soy sauce —Kikkoman or San-J. Everyone always asks
for the recipe. Love your website and book!

★★★★★

Reply

    * Kate

August 4, 2020

Thank you for sharing, Fan! I'm happy you can make this work for your family.

Reply

  15. Laura

August 13, 2020

I agree with some others, far too vinegary. I added about twice the amount of
peanut butter, and a load of chilli, and it almost balances it out. Start with
half the vinegar then add to taste!

★★

Reply

  16. Amber L

August 16, 2020

I made this without the vinegar (didn’t have any) and thought it was
delicious! It was a great dip for some veggie potstickers.

★★★★★

Reply

  17. Laura Lont

September 12, 2020

This sauce is the best thing I have tasted all year ! We were blown away by
how delicious it is! Thank you

Reply

  18. Eda

September 17, 2020

This is honestly the best satay sauce recipe I’ve EVER made! Thankyou so much
for this recipe

★★★★★

Reply

  19. Hannah

September 23, 2020

I loved this! It tastes just like the restaurant's that is near me. I did a
little veggie plate and small salad. I thought it was best with little bell
peppers. This will become a staple at my house now. Thank you!!

★★★★★

Reply

    * Kate

September 23, 2020

You're welcome, Hannah! Thank you for your review.

Reply

  20. Linda

October 28, 2020

This was perfect and just what I was looking for. I left out the tamari as I
just wanted plain fried tofu like you get in a Thai restaurant. I used it to
top a salad and added peanut sauce. It was delicious! What is the best way to
store leftovers? Thank you!

★★★★★

Reply

    * Kate

October 29, 2020

Hi Linda! I have a note on how to store and liven it up in the recipe notes. t

Reply

      * Linda

October 29, 2020

Hi, my original comment was for the baked tofu recipe, not the peanut sauce. I
guess I skipped to the wrong page! I wanted to know the best way to store the
tofu and how long it will last after baking. Thank you!

Reply

        * Kate

October 29, 2020

Hi Linda! It should keep for a few days in an airtight container. I suggest
gently reheating on the stove or you can in the microwave as well.

Reply

  21. Kerry O

January 5, 2021

If using non-reduced sodium soy sauce I would drastically reduce the amount
you use - maybe by half. I looooove this recipe but was way too salty when I
used regular ole' soy sauce.

★★★★★

Reply

  22. Allison Porter

January 30, 2021

Delicious! Even my husband who usually hates peanut sauce loves your recipe.

★★★★★

Reply

  23. Brendan

January 30, 2021

Can you freeze it. How long can you store it.

★★★★★

Reply

    * Kate

February 3, 2021

Hi! I haven't tried freezing it, so I'm not quite sure.

Reply

  24. Alicia

January 31, 2021

I really enjoyed making this, and it's delicious. Now for it to rest overnight
and a tofu stir fry on Monday. I followed your on Insta!

Reply

  25. Amy

February 2, 2021

Super salty. Try using only 2 Tulsa soy sauce and 1/3 cup honey. I had to add
a half cup honey to make this even out.

Reply

    * Kate

February 4, 2021

I'm sorry you didn't love it. You can use reduced sodium next time and that
should help.

Reply

  26. Kevin

February 7, 2021

My 13 yr old daughter wanted to be a vegetarian after Christmas. I have made
several recipes from your list. This sauce is one of our favorites. I used it
with your oven roasted crispy tofu with some rice noodles and broccoli…our
favorite Chinese takeout place has lost our business.

★★★★★

Reply

    * Kate

February 11, 2021

I'm glad she is enjoying them! Thank you for sharing, Kevin.

Reply

  27. Thomas Erb

February 22, 2021

this recipe is amazing

Reply

  28. Dani

March 7, 2021

Super yum! I dipped red bell peppers and tossed some air fried tofu in this
beautiful sauce for lunch. Saved!

★★★★★

Reply

    * Kate

March 11, 2021

Wonderful to hear, Dani!

Reply

  29. Naomi D'Andrea

April 7, 2021

Delicious, and whisks up so easily! We used it as a creamy dressing for a bowl
of quinoa and fresh veggies. Thank you!

★★★★★

Reply

    * Kate

April 12, 2021

You're welcome, Naomi!

Reply

  30. Evan

April 18, 2021

So good!

★★★★★

Reply

    * Kate

April 22, 2021

Thank you, Evan! I appreciate your review.

Reply

  31. Shelley Ann Fetterolf

May 4, 2021

We absolutely love this recipe. It's the peanut sauce I've been trying to make
for years - thank you! We love it on the baked tofu (which we actually make in
our air fryer). Have a batch coming out in a few minutes…..  
- Shelley

★★★★★

Reply

    * Kate

May 10, 2021

You're welcome, Shelley! I'm happy you enjoyed it.

Reply

  32. Stephanie Martinez

May 8, 2021

Perfect recipe! Wouldn't change a thing!! Great with THai spring rolls!

★★★★★

Reply

  33. Bree

May 30, 2021

Unless you like your throat burned by acid, DO NOT use 1/4 cup! I had to throw
out the batch that I made following the exact recipe. It was WAY too sour and
way too salty. Not even adding more peanut butter, more coconut milk and more
honey could redeem it. The next batch I made, I only added about a 1/2
tablespoon of vinegar and about a tablespoon or so of the soy sauce.

★

Reply

    * Kate

June 4, 2021

Hi Bree, I'm sorry you didn't enjoy this recipe. Did you use a reduced sodium
soy sauce or tamari?

Reply

  34. Paula

June 2, 2021

This was really good. You gals have the best recipes. I always click on your
recipes first ! Thank you for being GREAT!

★★★★★

Reply

  35. Joy Turner

June 12, 2021

I had tried another peanut sauce and realized it did not have any asian flare.
There was no ginger and no garlic?! Your recipe was the opposite! all that I
love about asian cuisine i could taste in this peanut sauce. Very authentic:)
Thank you for doing it right!

★★★★★

Reply

    * Kate

June 17, 2021

I'm glad you loved it, Joy! Thank your for your review.

Reply

  36. Safiya

June 19, 2021

It’s so easy to make and tasted amazing! I added some chili instead of red
pepper :)

★★★★★

Reply

  37. Cherie

June 26, 2021

I must have spent $100 over time trying to find a peanut sauce I like- they
were either too spicy or too “chemically”! All of them ended up at the back of
the fridge and eventually the bin! I LOVE this recipe and I am asked to share
it with everyone I serve it to. On grilled shrimp is my favourite but it’s
great with chicken and Asian potstickers! Thank you for sharing!

★★★★★

Reply

    * Kate

July 1, 2021

I'm glad this one was perfect, Cherie! Thank you for taking the time to
review.

Reply

  38. Rebecca

July 12, 2021

I am not usually one to leave reviews, but here I will because my family loves
this recipe! For an easy weeknight meal, I often make it with Cookie and
Kate's crispy tofu recipe and roast broccoli or other hearty veggies on a
different tray at the same as the tofu. I throw it all together over whole
wheat noodles or soba. (Sometimes I blanch the veggies instead if I'm feeling
fancy). All in all, a win!

Reply

  39. Cindy

July 18, 2021

This was so good. I can’t wait to put it on everything. Just had it on salmon,
and will put it on noodles and rice bowls for my lunches next week. So easy!
Thank you!

★★★★★

Reply

    * Kate

July 23, 2021

Wonderful to hear, Cindy! Thank you for sharing.

Reply

  40. Nekai

August 2, 2021

Never made peanut sauce before but love it in many dishes. Am visiting in
Europe where they don’t use cup and tablespoons like us (metric system) and
tablespoons anyway are all different sizes but used the basic ingredients and
made it to taste for 7 people. We all loved it. It’s a keeper! Started with
vaguely similar measurements, adjusting to make it sauce instead of paste-
like, with drops of water, vinegar, honey, or pepper flakes to get it just
right. Perfect topping for our Spring rolls! Thank you!

★★★★★

Reply

  41. Lauren

August 17, 2021

Way too much vinegar, not a nice sauce

★

Reply

    * Kate

August 19, 2021

I'm sorry you didn't love this recipe, Lauren.

Reply

  42. Jen

August 22, 2021

This was SO good!!! I went hunting online for a peanut sauce without sesame
and am so happy I found this one. I mixed it in with chicken, green beans,
sweet potato, and GF pasta. Even my most finicky little eater loved it and
demanded I make it again. Notes: I used Coconut Aminos instead of Tamari or
soy sauce, and I added a little almond milk that I had in the fridge for the
water/coconut milk ingredient. Really, I couldn’t stop eating this!

★★★★★

Reply

    * Kate

August 25, 2021

Wonderful to hear, Jen! Thank you for your review.

Reply

  43. Debra Schmidt

August 27, 2021

Delicious! I'll never buy prepared sauce again. Super easy to make in the
magic bullet. I used it as a spring roll dip.

★★★★★

Reply

  44. Pauline

August 31, 2021

Made this to accompany veggie & tofu spring rolls last night. It is sooo good,
I Might need to make a larger batch next time so I can bathe in it.

★★★★★

Reply

  45. Stacy

September 14, 2021

This was also too salty for me. I definitely used low-sodium soy sauce and I
am not a salt shy person. I wonder if some peanut butters have a much higher
salt content. I used Jif creamy pb and the store brand of reduced sodium soy
sauce.  
I tried to play around to fix it, but wasn't able to adjust the ratios
adequately, which is why I think the brand of pb may matter here.

★★★

Reply

    * Kate

September 14, 2021

I'm sorry to hear that! Yes, peanut butter and soy sauce can vary by salt
added.

Reply

      * Stacy

September 14, 2021

Do you mind me asking what brand you usually use to try for comparison?

Reply

        * Kate

September 16, 2021

Hi! I use no salt or sugar added Whole Foods 365 peanut butter and low sodium
tamari.

Reply

  46. Jo

September 18, 2021

I made this recipe for dipping my baked tofu. The hardest part was staying
away from the peanut sauce while I waited for the tofu to finish baking. This
recipe is delicious.

Reply

    * Kate

September 22, 2021

I'm glad you loved it, Jo! Thank you for sharing.

Reply

  47. Christine Davis

September 22, 2021

We loved it! Thank you for the recipe. It is extremely versatile and easy to
adjust to personal tastes. I was out of soy and had to use coconut amino so I
am really looking forward to trying with regular low sodium soy. After tasting
I also added some sriracha because we like things spicy. We used it with some
TJs chicken cilantro wontons and shumai and it was awesome. Looking forward to
trying on noodles!

★★★★★

Reply

    * Kate

September 23, 2021

You're welcome, Christine! I'm glad it still turned out well with coconut
aminos. I appreciate your review!

Reply

  48. Lee Keybum

November 17, 2021

Yum

Reply

  49. Lee Keybum

November 17, 2021

Yumyumyuuuuuumm!!!!!!!!!!

★★★★★

Reply

    * Kate

November 18, 2021

I'm glad you loved it, Lee!

Reply

  50. Ari

December 2, 2021

Wow, this stuff is delicious. I added a little toasted sesame oil and lemon
juice since I had no limes. My dinner guests scraped their bowls clean.

Reply

  51. Kayleigh

December 10, 2021

Recipe was way off with its measurements for soy sauce and rice vinegar. Way
to bitter, would recommend halving the soy sauce and rice vinegar or add to
taste.

★

Reply

    * Kate

December 13, 2021

Hi Kayleigh, I'm sorry you felt this way. I tested this several times and like
it as written. I appreciate your feedback.

Reply

  52. Anita

December 12, 2021

I apologize for being critical but I made this sauce exactly according to your
recipe and it was inedible because the only flavor that came through was the
reduced sodium tarmari. If I’d have shut my eyes I wouldn’t have known there
was a peanut anywhere near the sauce. I ended up adding significantly more
peanut butter along with added honey, coconut milk, ground peanuts, Korean hot
sauce, and even some peanut butter powder to bring it to a sauce we were able
to enjoy. I acknowledge everyone’s tastebuds are different so maybe this sauce
just wasn’t for me.

★

Reply

    * Kate

December 16, 2021

Hi Anita, I'm sorry you didn't enjoy this sauce, Anita. I appreciate you
sharing.

Reply

  53. Angela H

December 15, 2021

This is, by far, my favorite peanut sauce recipe! I tried SO. MANY. recipes
trying to find one as tasty as the Vietnamese-inspired restaurant near me.
Turns out I like this recipe even better than I like theirs! (Bonus points
because I can make adjustments to perfectly suit it to my family's tastes.) I
find I like this sauce better the next day, after all the flavors have melded
together. This is the dreamiest addition to sriracha pulled pork rice bowls!

Reply

    * Kate

December 21, 2021

Hooray! I'm glad you like it.

Reply

  54. Andrea

December 23, 2021

Excellent. Thank you so much! We loved it!

★★★★★

Reply

    * Kate

December 27, 2021

That's great to hear, Andrea! I appreciate your review.

Reply

  55. Susan

January 8, 2022

Loved this sauce - on noodles & roasted veggies!!! Yum!!!

★★★★★

Reply

  56. Sarah

January 15, 2022

The amount of soy sauce is way too much. Not sure how to remedy it now.

Reply

    * Kate

January 25, 2022

Hi Sarah, I'm sorry you didn't like this as written. You can try more peanut
butter. What did you try to do?

Reply

  57. Elizabeth Braden

January 20, 2022

I am having the same problem unfortunately. There is something about it that
is either too salty or too something that makes it taste almost rancid. I’m
wondering if it’s the rice vinegar? I also noticed I can barely taste the
peanut butter. I used a brand of peanut butter called wild friends classic
creamy peanut butter. I added more peanut butter but that didn’t work there is
some clash between the vinegar and the soy sauce going on that really makes
this go sour for me. I’ll have to toss it Sorry

★

Reply

    * Kate

February 1, 2022

Hi Elizabeth, I'm sorry to hear that. Are you using plain rice vinegar or
seasoned rice vinegar?

Reply

  58. Amy

January 22, 2022

I love many of your recipes and am trying to print them for a gift, but the
option to not print photos/nutrition/etc, is not working. any advice?

★★★★★

Reply

    * Kate

February 2, 2022

Hi Amy, I'm sorry to hear that and for my delay. Are you still having issues?
It appears to be working for me right now.

Reply

  59. JP

February 23, 2022

I really love the flavors - I eat it with my baked tofu but would love to have
some other recommendations to pair with it.

★★★★★

Reply

    * Kate

March 1, 2022

Hi JP, Mango “Burrito” Bowls with Crispy Tofu and Peanut Sauce is a delicious
combination!

Reply

  60. Diane

March 14, 2022

I was very disappointed by this recipe! I thought it was by the worst I've
ever eaten, and I'm a big fan of Thai Peanut Sauce! It was WAY too strong on
soy sauce and vinegar!! I had to add a LOT more nut butter and honey to even
out the flavors. I spent about 30minutes correcting my sauce to salvage it. I
now have over a quart of sauce. It's a good thing I can use it on vegetables
and Spring Rolls, and I can also freeze the rest. I've never given a really
bad review, and have hopes that others will consider carefully this recipe
before choosing it.

★

Reply

    * Kate

March 22, 2022

Hi Diane, I'm sorry you didn't love this recipe. I appreciate your feedback.

Reply

  61. Andy

March 26, 2022

I really love this recipe and have used it many times! Recently I have changed
my diet to a Heal Your Headache diet due to my migraines. But I can still use
this recipe! Here are the substitutions I make: sunflower butter for peanut
butter, distilled white vinegar for rice vinegar, and coconut aminos for
tamari or soy sauce. I am so thankful that these substitutions were easy to
make and I can keep on whipping this recipe up! Thank you for all your yummy
recipes Kate!

★★★★★

Reply

    * Kate

March 31, 2022

You're welcome, Andy! Thank you for your review.

Reply

  62. Julie G

March 29, 2022

This was awesome! Brought it to a girls night where we got together and made
sushi and some made appetizers. Several people fell in love with it and asked
for the recipe. It was a little thin when I finished and lacked the peanut
flavor I craved so added a tad more peanut butter and that did the trick.
Thanks!

★★★★★

Reply

    * Kate

March 29, 2022

Wonderful to hear, Julie! I appreciate your review.

Reply

  63. Becky

March 30, 2022

Wowza! So freaking yummy!!

★★★★★

Reply

    * Kate

April 5, 2022

Thank you, Becky!

Reply

  64. Kathie Durkel

April 9, 2022

I love this with your Crispy Baked Tofu plus some green beans or broccoli or
just over the vegetables. It's great over pasta. I sometimes make a double
batch to have some on hand.

★★★★★

Reply

  65. Katie

April 29, 2022

I think this is a very good base recipe, but I would suggest that if it's your
first time, don't make it as written. Instead, use less of the non peanut
butter ingredients and add them slowly to taste. I didn't add the honey at all
and didn't find that I needed it because the rice vinegar already has added
sugar.

★★★★

Reply

    * T

May 7, 2022

Loved it! Didn’t measure a thing and was delicious

Reply

      * Kate

May 11, 2022

That's great to hear, T!

Reply

  66. Erica

May 20, 2022

I made this subbing sunflower butter for the peanut butter and coconut aminos
for the soy sauce due to food allergies in my household. Because of the runny
nature of sunflower butter, I didn’t have to add very much water to achieve a
desirable consistency. The final product turned out amazingly. Everyone loved
it and we’ll definitely be making it again.

★★★★★

Reply

  67. Marta

June 16, 2022

I really enjoyed this dipping sauce with my spring rolls earlier! Personally,
I used a more natural peanut butter and found when I followed your recipe, it
wasn’t that sweet. I added sugar to taste and it was perfect. A little watery
for my taste but I plan on using less water next time. I just used 2 TBL so
next time maybe one or none depending on thickness. The ginger and garlic
really enhance the flavor! Thanks for the recipe!

★★★★

Reply

    * Kate

June 22, 2022

I'm glad you loved it, Marta!

Reply

  68. Janet Horwith

June 22, 2022

Kate, your peanut dip recipe is the absolute BEST! I make this twice a week
for dipping carrots, celery and cucumber for the tastiest nosh ever! Even the
Hubby loves it with sesame crackers. Thank you for sharing your remarkable
recipes. Sending much LOVE, prayers and kisses to beautiful Cookie

★★★★★

Reply

    * Kate

June 23, 2022

I'm glad you love it, Janet! Thank you for your review and sending love our
way.

Reply

  69. Anna

June 28, 2022

Sorry I do really love all of your recipes normally but this one was so salty
I couldn't eat it. I wish I'd added a tiny bit of the vinegar and soy sauce to
check first rather than measured it out. Sounds like it's a matter of
different taste buds from the comments… which I also didn't read before making
it!

★

Reply

    * Kate

July 1, 2022

I'm sorry you didn't love it, Anna. I appreciate you taking the time to
review.

Reply

  70. Tiki

July 17, 2022

Absolutely delish. I’ve had it with noodles in a stir fry and through a roast
vege salad and it’s been a success for everyone. Thank you for making me look
like I can cook haha

★★★★★

Reply

    * Kate

July 21, 2022

Thank you for your review, Tiki!

Reply

« Older Comments

## Primary Sidebar

Hello! I cook fresh, vegetarian recipes. My dog, Cookie, catches the crumbs.
About C+K »

Contact ⋄ New Here? ⋄ Shop ⋄ Subscribe

fpityhr

Amazon ⋄ Barnes & Noble ⋄ More »

### Don't miss a new recipe

### POPULAR RECIPES

#### Easy No-Bake Granola Bars

#### Best Stuffed Shells

More favorites »

## Footer

### Stay in Touch

Our free email newsletter delivers new recipes and special Cookie + Kate
updates!

fpiy

About ⋄ Contact ⋄ Cookbook ⋄ Recipes ⋄ Shop ⋄ Subscribe

Cookie and Kate receives commissions on purchases made through our links to
retailers. Affiliate details »

© Cookie and Kate 2010 - 2022. All rights reserved. Cookie and Kate is a
registered trademark of Cookie and Kate LLC.

Accessibility Policy ⋄ Comment Policy ⋄ Nutrition Disclaimer ⋄ Photo/Recipe
Policy ⋄ Privacy Policy

#### Never miss a recipe

Subscribe to our newsletter!  
Always free • Unsubscribe anytime

No, thanks.

{"cookieName":"wBounce","isAggressive":false,"isSitewide":true,"hesitation":"30","openAnimation":false,"exitAnimation":false,"timer":"","sensitivity":"","cookieExpire":"30","cookieDomain":"","autoFire":"","isAnalyticsEnabled":true}

