https://www.washingtonpost.com/food/2021/06/16/spicy-peanut-soba-noodles-recipe/


Accessibility statementSkip to main content

Search InputSearch

MenuSections

MenuSections

Democracy Dies in Darkness

ProfileSign in

ProfileSign in

Skip to main content

Voraciously

Cooking tips and recipes, plus food news and views.

ChevronDown

Recipes

How-To

Dinner in Minutes

Trending

Newsletter

Video

Instagraminstagram

Clock

This article was published more than **1 year ago**

The Washington PostDemocracy Dies in Darkness

# Spicy peanut noodles are a quick, pantry-friendly meal that’s ready for
riffing

By  Aaron Hutcherson

June 16, 2021 at 10:00 a.m. EDT

(Scott Suchman for The Washington Post/food styling by Lisa Cherkasky for The
Washington Post)

MeasuringCupStart recipeCommentsReviews ()PrintPrint recipe

Spicy Peanut Soba Noodles With Green Beans

Total time:20 mins

Servings:4

Total time:20 mins

Servings:4

MeasuringCupStart recipeCommentsReviews ()

Comment on this story

Comment

Gift Article

Share

Enough peanut sauce could make even shoe leather taste delicious. Nutty,
salty, spicy and bright, my version is a melody of flavors that relies on just
a few simple pantry ingredients to make something remarkable. Toss the sauce
with some noodles and vegetables and you’ve got yourself a meal in almost no
time at all.

WpGet the full experience.Choose your planArrowRight

Pasta with artichokes, capers and toasted breadcrumbs makes for a quick,
thrifty meal

The base for this peanut sauce is peanut butter (shocker!), but the sauce
itself is extremely riffable. I like to use the creamy stuff for a smooth
sauce — and because that’s what I always have in my pantry — but I imagine
chunky peanut butter would work, too, especially because I recommend adding
chopped peanuts as a garnish at the end for some nice crunch. Not into peanut
butter? Try it out with another nut or seed butter, such as almond, cashew or
sunflower seed, and it will yield similar results.

The other key ingredient is chili-garlic sauce to add some spice. This recipe
calls for enough to have a pleasant tingle, but you can increase or decrease
the quantity based on your spice preferences. Don’t have chili-garlic sauce on
hand? Sriracha works beautifully in its place, lending a fermented tang
compared with chili-garlic’s bright, fresh heat, or you could try it with
whatever hot sauce you have.

Advertisement

 _Scale and get a printer-friendly, desktop version of the recipe here._

Similarly, you can use another mild vinegar, such as apple cider or white
wine, in place of the rice vinegar. (I’ve even used white distilled vinegar in
a pinch.) Run out of soy sauce or tamari? Try fish sauce, Worcestershire sauce
or coconut aminos for salty umami. Then just whisk it all together with a bit
of water to thin it out and you’re basically done making this recipe.

My noodles of choice in this dish are soba, which have a nice nuttiness that
complements the sauce, but you could use any noodle in its place. Angel hair
pasta or spaghetti are both fine substitutes, and instant vermicelli rice
noodles are great if you want to do even less cooking, especially in the
summer.

Asian noodle varieties and how to use them: Rice, udon, ramen, soba, glass and
more

Lastly, green beans — frozen or canned vegetables make this pantry-friendly —
are simply sauteed before being mixed with the sauce and noodles for an easy
vegan meal. But as with the rest of this recipe, you can choose your own
adventure: swap in whatever veggies you have on hand or add in some protein,
such as crispy cubes of tofu or seared boneless, skinless chicken breasts, to
make this recipe work for you and the ingredients in your pantry.

 **Make Ahead:** The sauce can be made and refrigerated for up to 1 week. The
noodles can be cooked, refreshed with cold water and tossed with a bit of
neutral oil, and then refrigerated for up to 2 days.

Advertisement

 **Storage Notes:** Leftovers can be refrigerated for up to 3 days.

 **Where to Buy:** Soba noodles, chili-garlic sauce and rice vinegar can be
found in well-stocked supermarkets, Asian markets or online.

 **NOTES:** If you don’t have soba noodles, try another thin noodle, such as
vermicelli rice noodles or angel hair pasta.

Sriracha also works well in this recipe, or you could try it with whatever hot
sauce you have on hand.

You can use another mild vinegar, such as apple cider or white wine, in place
of the rice vinegar.

 _Scale and get a printer-friendly, desktop version of the recipe here._

* * *

###

Ingredients

  *  **8 ounces soba noodles (see NOTE)**
  *  **1/2 cup smooth peanut butter**
  *  **1/4 cup water**
  *  **2 tablespoons chili-garlic sauce (see NOTE)**
  *  **2 tablespoons plain rice vinegar (see NOTE)**
  *  **1 tablespoon soy sauce or tamari**
  *  **2 tablespoons vegetable oil**
  *  **10 ounces frozen cut green beans, thawed or one (14.5-ounce) can cut green beans, drained**
  *  **Kosher salt**
  *  **Ground black pepper**
  *  **Chopped roasted peanuts, for serving**

* * *

###

Step 1

Bring a large pot of water to a boil and cook the soba noodles according to
the package instructions; do not overcook. Drain and rinse thoroughly under
cold running water to stop the cooking. Thoroughly drain again.

Advertisement

###

Step 2

While the noodles are cooking, in a medium bowl, whisk together the peanut
butter, water, chili-garlic sauce, rice vinegar and soy sauce until combined;
set aside.

* * *

###

Step 3

In a large skillet over medium-high heat, heat the oil until shimmering. Add
the green beans, season with a pinch of salt and a sprinkle of black pepper,
and cook, stirring occasionally, until the green beans start to brown in
spots, 5 to 7 minutes; remove from the heat.

* * *

###

Step 4

Add the drained soba noodles and peanut sauce to the green beans and toss to
combine. Taste and season with more salt and/or pepper, if needed. Transfer to
a large platter or individual bowls and sprinkle with some chopped peanuts
before serving.

###

Nutrition Information

Per serving (1 1/2 cups), based on 4

Calories: 482; Total Fat: 24 g; Saturated Fat: 3 g; Cholesterol: 0 mg; Sodium:
923 mg; Carbohydrates: 55 g; Dietary Fiber: 5 g; Sugar: 4 g; Protein: 18 g

Advertisement

 _This analysis is an estimate based on available ingredients and this
preparation. It should not substitute for a dietitian’s or nutritionist’s
advice._

* * *

 _Recipe from staff writer_ _Aaron Hutcherson_ _._

 _Tested by Aaron Hutcherson and Jim Webster; email questions to_
_voraciously@washpost.com_ _._

 _Scale and get a printer-friendly, desktop version of the recipe here._

 _Browse our Recipe Finder for more than 9,400 Post-tested recipes._

 _Did you make this recipe? Take a photo and_ _tag us on Instagram_ _with
#eatvoraciously._

 **More pantry-friendly recipes from** **Voraciously** **:**

Pasta With Artichokes, Capers and Toasted Breadcrumbs

Spam and Pineapple Fried Rice

Roasted Potato Wedges With Black Bean Chili

Comment

Comments

GiftOutline

Gift Article

More pantry-friendly recipes

HAND CURATED

  * Spicy peanut noodles are a quick, pantry-friendly meal that’s ready for riffing

News•

June 16, 2021

  * Jackfruit and black bean tacos with chipotle sauce are as pantry-friendly as it gets

News•

July 21, 2021

  * Turn to your pantry for this colorful, crispy Spam and pineapple fried rice

News•

April 14, 2021

View 3 more storiesChevronDown

Loading...

TOP STORIES

Recommended Recipes

Looking for inspiration? Try these recipes to prepare dishes with confidence.

11 no-bake dessert recipes that will keep you and your kitchen cool

In a cooking rut? Here are 5 ways to reclaim your joy.

Craft brewers’ latest challenge: Carbon dioxide shortage

Refresh

Try a different topic

Sign in or create a free account to save your preferences

Company

  * About The Post
  * Newsroom Policies & Standards
  * Diversity and Inclusion
  * Careers
  * Media & Community Relations
  * WP Creative Group
  * Accessibility Statement

Get The Post

  *   *   * Gift Subscriptions
  * Mobile & Apps
  * Newsletters & Alerts
  * Washington Post Live
  * Reprints & Permissions
  * Post Store
  * Books & E-Books
  * Newspaper in Education
  * Print Archives (Subscribers Only)
  * e-Replica
  * Today’s Paper
  * Public Notices

Contact Us

  * Contact the Newsroom
  * Contact Customer Care
  * Contact the Opinions team
  * Advertise
  * Licensing & Syndication
  * Request a Correction
  * Send a News Tip
  * Report a Vulnerability

Terms of Use

  * Digital Products Terms of Sale
  * Print Products Terms of Sale
  * Terms of Service
  * Privacy Policy
  * Cookie Settings
  * Submissions & Discussion Policy
  * RSS Terms of Service
  * Ad Choices

washingtonpost.com © 1996-2022 The Washington Post

  * washingtonpost.com
  * © 1996-2022 The Washington Post
  * About The Post
  * Contact the Newsroom
  * Contact Customer Care
  * Request a Correction
  * Send a News Tip
  * Report a Vulnerability
  * Download the Washington Post App
  * Policies & Standards
  * Terms of Service
  * Privacy Policy
  * Cookie Settings
  * Print Products Terms of Sale
  * Digital Products Terms of Sale
  * Submissions & Discussion Policy
  * RSS Terms of Service
  * Ad Choices

