https://myquietkitchen.com/healthy-vegan-peanut-sauce/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

My Quiet Kitchen

  * About
    * Why Quiet?
    * Our Vegan Story
  * Vegan Recipes
    * Oil-free Recipes
    * Gluten-free Vegan Recipes
    * Vegan Breakfast Recipes
    * Vegan Soup Recipes
    * Vegan Main Dishes
    * Vegan Dessert Recipes
    * Vegan Cheese Recipes
    * Vegan Sauces and Garnish Recipes
    * Vegan Snack Recipes
    * Vegan Holiday Recipes
    * Vegan Appetizer Recipes
  * Vegan Resources
    * The Vegan Pantry
  * Search

menu icon

  * Recipes
  * Newsletter!
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Recipes
  * Newsletter!
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

Ã—

Home Â» Recipes Â» Vegan Sauces and Garnish Recipes

# Healthy Vegan Peanut Sauce and Dip

Updated Jun 7, 2022 by Lori Â· This post contains affiliate links.

Jump to Recipe

This healthy vegan peanut sauce doubles as both a creamy sauce and a dip.
Heck, it's even amazing as a salad dressing! Imagine the flavors of peanut
sauce combined with the creaminess and nutrition of white beans, and you'll
start to see all of the many ways you can use this unique vegan dipping sauce.

Whip up a batch in minutes to enjoy on grain bowls, baked tofu, veggies, or
pretty much any dish where you want the irresistible flavors of satay sauce.
Made without oil, gluten, or coconut.

## Why You'll Love It

Many of us are struggling to find enough time and energy to cook these days.
So a truly easy sauce like this that's nutritious, versatile, AND delicious is
something I am 100% all about!

This dip-sauce hybrid has all the flavors you love in a classic vegan peanut
sauce, like garlic, soy sauce, and crushed red pepper, but with the added
nutrition of beans. It's the extra creaminess, protein, and fiber from the
cannellini beans that make this so much more than _just_ a sauce.

Whether you serve this as a thick and creamy dip for raw veggies or a thinner
sauce for noodles, grain bowls, and salads, this healthier vegan peanut sauce
totally works!

Best of all, it's ready in minutes and stays fresh in the fridge for several
days.

## Ingredient Notes

Nine simple ingredients go into this creamy peanut butter sauce, and there are
definitely room for substitutions. So don't be afraid to experiment to
accommodate the ingredients you have on hand.

  * **Cannellini beans** \- I love the neutral flavor and creaminess of cannellini beans in this recipe, but I suspect chickpeas or pinto beans would also work well.
  *  **Peanut butter** \- Natural, salted peanut butter is always in our pantry, but any variety you have on hand will work. If using unsalted peanut butter you may decide to add a pinch of salt, or if using a sweetened peanut butter you may want to decrease the maple syrup slightly.
  *  **Maple syrup** \- sub agave nectar or cane sugar, if needed.
  *  **Rice vinegar and lime juice** \- these two acids work together to create the best flavor, but if you're short on one or the other, it's not a deal breaker. Apple cider vinegar or lemon juice could also be incorporated.
  *  **Ginger and garlic** \- fresh ginger and garlic really put the flavor of this sauce over the top!

## How to Make White Bean Peanut Sauce

Here's more good news. You'll be pouring and dipping and salivating over this
easy peanut sauce in no time. We're talking 10 minutes. Okay, maybe more like
15 minutes tops!

  1. Add all ingredients to a food processor or blender, and blend until smooth and creamy. 
  2. Taste and adjust the flavors as desired. Add more lime or rice vinegar for extra acidity and zip, a splash more soy sauce (or tamari) for depth, and more red pepper flakes for spicy heat.

The garlic and ginger will mellow and mingle as the sauce rests, so if you
have time to refrigerate it for an hour or two that's great. But if you're
hungry now, go ahead and dig in!

## Ways to Use Creamy Peanut Sauce

Use this white bean peanut sauce in all the same ways you would use
traditional peanut sauce, like:

  * vegetarian satay (try seitan and tofu)
  * dipping sauce for spring rolls and dumplings
  * sauce for soba or other noodle dishes

Also try these less common uses for peanut sauce, like:

  * dressing for green salads, kale salads, and slaw
  * hummus-style dip for chips, crackers, and raw vegetables
  * sauce for grain bowls
  * drizzled on steamed or roasted vegetables
  * and as a finishing sauce for veggie pizza (skip the marinara)

I hope you enjoy this healthy vegan peanut sauce. If you give it a try be sure
to drop a comment below to let us know your favorite ways to use it!

### You might also like:

  * Avocado Green Goddess Dressing

  * Sticky Sesame Tofu With Broccoli

  * Zhoug Sauce (Oil-Free Version)

  * Air Fryer Tempeh (Sweet & Smoky)

## Healthy Vegan Peanut Sauce and Dip

Author: Lori Rasmussen, My Quiet Kitchen

This healthier peanut sauce is a delicious, multi-purpose sauce, dressing, and
dip in one! Thin it with a touch of water for a pourable salad dressing and
sauce for noodles, or skip the water altogether for a thick and creamy dip.

Creamy white beans provide extra nutrition and volume without taking away from
the rich peanut butter flavor. And fresh ginger, garlic, and lime make this
vegan peanut sauce completely irresistible! **Contains no oil, coconut, or
gluten.**

 **Yield: makes 1 Â½ cups of sauce**

Servings: 6 servings

5 from 6 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe SaveSaved!

Prep Time: 15 mins

Total Time: 15 mins

### Equipment

  * food processor

  * strainer

  * zester

### Ingredients

US CustomaryMetric

  * 1 Â½ cups cooked cannellini beans, rinsed and drained \- See Notes.
  * â…“ cup natural peanut butter
  * 2 tablespoons soy sauce or tamari  \- Look for certifed gluten-free tamari if needed.
  * 2 tablespoons plain rice vinegar
  * 2 tablespoons lime juice
  * 2 tablespoons maple syrup
  * 1 clove garlic, peeled and chopped
  * 1 small thumb size piece of fresh ginger, peeled and zested or minced (about 1 tsp)
  * Â½ teaspoon red pepper flakes \- Or more if you like it spicy!
  * 2 to 3 tablespoons water, depending on desired consistency

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Instructions



  * Combine all ingredients **except the water** in a food processor. Process until smooth and creamy, stopping to scrape down the sides as needed. 

  * For a thinner, pourable consistency add 2 to 3 tablespoons water, and blend again. Taste and adjust seasonings as desired. The sauce will thicken once chilled. Add another splash of water now or later as needed.

  * Serve right away, or refrigerate until ready to use. Making this sauce in advance is great and allows the flavors to mingle.

### Notes

*Chickpeas are another great option if you don't happen to have cannellini beans. Note that the sauce will be a lot thicker with chickpeas (and not quite as creamy), so you'll need to increase the amount of water to achieve a pourable consistency.

**Storage**

Store leftover sauce in the refrigerator for up to 4 days.

The peanut sauce will thicken once chilled. Simply whisk in more lime juice or
water as needed for consistency.

### Estimated Nutrition (per serving)

Serving: 0.25cupCalories: 153kcalCarbohydrates: 16gProtein: 7gFat:
7gCholesterol: 0mgSodium: 350mgFiber: 4g

Nutrition information is an estimate and will vary depending on the exact
amounts and specific products and ingredients used. We calculate this
information using the online calculator cronometer.com.

Did you try the recipe?I LOVE hearing from you! Comment below to let us know.

## More Vegan Sauces and Garnish Recipes

  * Easy Tamari Pumpkin Seeds

  * Quick Vegan Sesame Noodles

  * Vegan Bacon Bits

  * Vegan Chocolate Sauce (Oil-Free; Oat Milk)

Share and save!

1.4K shares

  * Share
  * Pin
  * Email

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Courtney

July 25, 2022 at 2:20 pm

This is yummy! If you donâ€™t have fresh gingerâ€¦ginger powder works great too!

Reply

  2. Avery

May 15, 2021 at 1:16 pm

This is fantastic! I went straight from your email newsletter to the kitchen
and whipped up a batch, then raided the fridge to make a "bowl" with rice,
broccoli, red pepper, chickwheat shreds, and LOTS of this sauce. Now I'm busy
dreaming up other ways to use it. Thanks for the great (and easy) recipe.

Reply

    * Lori

May 17, 2021 at 9:37 am

Thank YOU for the lovely feedback, Avery! ðŸ˜€ I'm so glad you enjoyed it.

Reply

### Leave Feedback Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Î”

## Primary Sidebar

Hi, I'm Lori. Welcome to My Quiet Kitchen where I share easy vegan recipes
with a healthier twist. Many are special diet-friendly or easily adapted. I
also have a passion for veganizing classic desserts, and sometimes even those
get a healthy-ish makeover.

Learn more about me â†’

### Seasonal Favorites

  * Vegan Chicken Salad

  * Vegan Strawberry Cake

  * Oil-Free Vegan Aquafaba Mayo

  * Healthy BBQ Sauce (No Ketchup)

  * Vegan Pasta Salad (Oil-Free Option)

  * Seitan-Jackfruit Vegan Ribs

### Popular Recipes

  * Tahini Salad Dressing 5 Ways

  * Vegan Oat Milk Ice Cream (No Coconut)

  * Vegan Gluten-Free Pie Crust (Easy & Oil Free)

  * Healthy Vegan Banana Brownies

  * Oat Flour Banana Bread (Oil-Free, Vegan)

  * Healthy Oat Mug Cake (Vegan)

  * EASY Instant Pot Red Lentil Curry

  * Vegan Protein Cookies

## Footer

â†‘ back to top

### About

About  
Privacy Policy  
Accessibility

### Newsletter

**Sign Up** **for free recipes by email**!

### Contact/Follow

Facebook  
Pinterest  
Instagram  
Contact Us

Copyright Â© 2022 **My Quiet Kitchen**

