https://www.washingtonpost.com/food/2022/01/27/red-bean-stew-recipe-weeknight/


Accessibility statementSkip to main content

Search InputSearch

MenuSections

MenuSections

Democracy Dies in Darkness

ProfileSign in

ProfileSign in

Skip to main content

Voraciously

Cooking tips and recipes, plus food news and views.

ChevronDown

Recipes

How-To

Dinner in Minutes

Trending

Newsletter

Video

Instagraminstagram

The Washington PostDemocracy Dies in Darkness

# A weeknight-friendly red bean stew will teach you a thing or two about
walnuts

By  Ellie Krieger

January 27, 2022 at 12:00 p.m. EST

(Tom McCorkle for The Washington Post/Food styling by Gina Nistico for The
Washington Post)

MeasuringCupStart recipeCommentsReviews ()PrintPrint recipe

Red Bean Stew With Walnuts, Herbs and Pomegranate

Total time:40 mins

Servings:3 to 4 (about 3 cups)

Total time:40 mins

Servings:3 to 4 (about 3 cups)

MeasuringCupStart recipeCommentsReviews ()

Comment on this story

Comment

Gift Article

Share

Using chopped nuts to thicken and add nutrition to sauces and stews is common
across many cuisines around the world. There are West African stews featuring
ground peanuts, nutty Italian pesto sauces, and Indian dishes made creamy with
ground cashews, to name a few.

WpGet the full experience.Choose your planArrowRight

How to cook a simple, flavorful pot of beans and use it throughout the week

In Georgia, (the country not the state), many traditional dishes are enriched
with ground walnuts, including lobio nigvzit, a stew in which chopped walnuts
are simmered with beans, aromatic spices, herbs, and tart fruit juice and/or
sauce. This recipe is my spin on that dish — it departs quite a bit from the
traditional but captures its exciting core flavors in a bright, weeknight-
friendly way.

Using canned kidney beans makes the stew ultrafast and convenient. Once rinsed
and drained, the beans are simmered with toasted, chopped walnuts, sautéed
onion and garlic, ground coriander, pomegranate juice and broth until the
mixture is saucy and thickened but the beans and nuts retain their texture.
(If you want the sauce a bit thicker you can mash some of the beans in the pot
with a spoon, and if you want it looser you can add some more broth or water.)

Advertisement

A brightening splash of red wine vinegar, and chopped fresh parsley and
cilantro are stirred in at the end, and the stew is served topped vibrantly
with more herbs and a pop of juicy, sweet-tart pomegranate seeds.

It’s a colorful, filling meal layered with flavor and brimming with nutrients,
a dish that feels both familiar and excitingly new at the same time, and it
highlights one way of the many ways nuts can be used: not just as a crunchy
garnish but as a key ingredient.

 _ **Want to save this recipe?**_ _Click the bookmark icon below the serving
size at the top of this page, then go to_ _My Reading List in your
washingtonpost.com user profile_ _._

 _Scale this recipe and get a printer-friendly, desktop version here._

 **Storage:** Leftover stew can be refrigerated for up to 4 days.

* * *

###

Ingredients

  *  **1/2 cup (1 3/4 ounces) raw walnut halves**
  *  **1 tablespoon olive oil**
  *  **1 small yellow onion (about 5 ounces), diced**
  *  **3 cloves garlic, minced or finely grated**
  *  **1/2 teaspoon ground coriander**
  *  **1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes**
  *  **1/2 cup pomegranate juice**
  *  **2 (15-ounce) cans no-salt-added kidney beans, drained and rinsed**
  *  **1 cup low-sodium chicken broth or vegetable broth**
  *  **3/4 teaspoon fine salt**
  *  **1/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper**
  *  **1/2 cup lightly packed fresh parsley leaves, chopped, plus more whole leaves for serving**
  *  **1/2 cup lightly packed fresh cilantro leaves, chopped, plus more whole leaves for serving**
  *  **2 teaspoons red wine vinegar**
  *  **1/4 cup fresh pomegranate seeds**

* * *

###

Step 1

In a small, dry skillet over medium heat, toast the walnuts, stirring
frequently, until fragrant, about 3 minutes. Transfer to a cutting board, let
cool, then coarsely chop.

Advertisement

* * *

###

Step 2

In a large (4-quart) saucepan over medium heat, heat the oil until shimmering.
Add the onion and cook, stirring, until softened, about 3 minutes. Add the
garlic, coriander and crushed red pepper flakes and cook, stirring, 1 minute
more.

* * *

###

Step 3

Add the pomegranate juice, increase the heat to high and cook until the juice
is reduced to about 3 tablespoons, about 3 minutes. Add the beans, walnuts,
broth, salt and pepper and bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium-low
and cook until the liquid is reduced by about half and the mixture has
thickened a bit, about 10 minutes. Stir in the parsley, cilantro and vinegar.

Serve garnished with the additional parsley and cilantro leaves and the
pomegranate seeds.

* * *

###

Nutrition Information

Per serving (3/4 cup), based on 4

Calories: 210; Total Fat: 13 g; Saturated Fat: 2 g; Cholesterol: 0 mg; Sodium:
478 mg; Carbohydrates: 20 g; Dietary Fiber: 2 g; Sugar: 7 g; Protein: 11 g

Advertisement

 _This analysis is an estimate based on available ingredients and this
preparation. It should not substitute for a dietitian’s or nutritionist’s
advice._

* * *

 _From cookbook author and registered nutritionist Ellie Krieger._

 _Tested by Olga Massov; email questions to_ _voraciously@washpost.com_ _._

 _Scale this recipe and get a printer-friendly, desktop version here._

 _Browse our Recipe Finder for more than 9,600 Post-tested recipes._

 _Did you make this recipe? Take a photo and_ _tag us on Instagram_ _with
#eatvoraciously._

 **More from** **Nourish** **on** **Voraciously** **:**

Oranges with ricotta is a simple, sunny dessert to banish the winter blahs

A sheet-pan supper of roasted cod and broccolini is a fast and easy weeknight
luxury

This chicken soup recipe brings ginger and turmeric to the classic warming
bowl

Comment

Comments

GiftOutline

Gift Article

Loading...

TOP STORIES

Recommended Recipes

Looking for inspiration? Try these recipes to prepare dishes with confidence.

11 no-bake dessert recipes that will keep you and your kitchen cool

In a cooking rut? Here are 5 ways to reclaim your joy.

Craft brewers’ latest challenge: Carbon dioxide shortage

Refresh

Try a different topic

Sign in or create a free account to save your preferences

Company

  * About The Post
  * Newsroom Policies & Standards
  * Diversity and Inclusion
  * Careers
  * Media & Community Relations
  * WP Creative Group
  * Accessibility Statement

Get The Post

  *   *   * Gift Subscriptions
  * Mobile & Apps
  * Newsletters & Alerts
  * Washington Post Live
  * Reprints & Permissions
  * Post Store
  * Books & E-Books
  * Newspaper in Education
  * Print Archives (Subscribers Only)
  * e-Replica
  * Today’s Paper
  * Public Notices

Contact Us

  * Contact the Newsroom
  * Contact Customer Care
  * Contact the Opinions team
  * Advertise
  * Licensing & Syndication
  * Request a Correction
  * Send a News Tip
  * Report a Vulnerability

Terms of Use

  * Digital Products Terms of Sale
  * Print Products Terms of Sale
  * Terms of Service
  * Privacy Policy
  * Cookie Settings
  * Submissions & Discussion Policy
  * RSS Terms of Service
  * Ad Choices

washingtonpost.com © 1996-2022 The Washington Post

  * washingtonpost.com
  * © 1996-2022 The Washington Post
  * About The Post
  * Contact the Newsroom
  * Contact Customer Care
  * Request a Correction
  * Send a News Tip
  * Report a Vulnerability
  * Download the Washington Post App
  * Policies & Standards
  * Terms of Service
  * Privacy Policy
  * Cookie Settings
  * Print Products Terms of Sale
  * Digital Products Terms of Sale
  * Submissions & Discussion Policy
  * RSS Terms of Service
  * Ad Choices

