https://www.indulgexpress.com/food/2019/oct/26/diwali-2019-in-kolkata-indulge-in-some-grand-gastronomy-at-these-select-diners-19231.html


ADVERTISEMENT

  * __

__

____________

  * ____
    * __
    * __
    * __

Toggle navigation __

  * __
  * Culture __

    * Art __
    * Music __
    * Books __
    * theatre __
    * dance __

  * Entertainment __

    * Celebs __
    * Cinema __
    * TV __
    * Sports __
    * parties __

  * society 

  * Fashion __

    * It List __
    * Trends __
    * New launches __
    * Designers __
    * Weddings __

  * Food __

    * chennai __

      * south indian
      * asian
      * continental
      * mediterranean
      * multi cuisine
      * world cuisine

    * bengaluru __

      * south indian
      * asian
      * continental
      * mediterranean
      * multi cuisine
      * world cuisine

    * hyderabad __

      * south indian
      * asian
      * continental
      * mediterranean
      * multi cuisine
      * world cuisine

    * kochi __

      * south indian
      * asian
      * continental
      * mediterranean
      * multi cuisine
      * world cuisine

    * coimbatore __

      * south indian
      * asian
      * continental
      * mediterranean
      * multi cuisine
      * world cuisine

    * calcutta __

      * south indian
      * asian
      * continental
      * mediterranean
      * multi cuisine
      * world cuisine

    * Mumbai __

      * south indian
      * Asian
      * Continental
      * Mediterranean
      * Multi Cuisine
      * World Cuisine

  * travel 

  * LifeStyle 

  * Gadgets __

    * Mobiles __
    * Smart Home __
    * Gaming __
    * Audio __
    * Tv __
    * Pc/Laptops __
    * Apps __

  * Car & Bike __

    * Formula One __

  * Events __

    * Chennai __
    * Bangalore __
    * Hyderabad __
    * Kochi __
    * Coimbatore __
    * Kolkata __
    * Mumbai __

  * Galleries __

    * Parties __
    * Models __
    * Celebrity __
    * Culture __
    * Gadgets __

  * Videos __
  * Indulge Offers

    * Celebs & Entertainment __
    * Mind & Body __
    * Food & Recipes __
    * Fashion & Lifestyle __
    * Gadgets & Tech __
    * Cars & Bikes __

ADVERTISEMENT

Home __Food

# Diwali 2019 in Kolkata: Indulge in some grand gastronomy at these select
diners

From satiating your sweet tooth cravings to indulging in some grand thali,
check out the options

**Farah Khatoon** Published :  26th October 2019 08:00 PM   |   Published :
|  26th October 2019 08:00 PM

______ 0 __0

### Share Via Email

____

A platter of Imarti at The Westin Kolkata, Rajarhat

**The Westin Kolkata, Rajarhat**

The property will offer a breathtaking menu with a wide range of cuisines to
satiate your taste buds. The team of chefs here has designed an elaborate
Diwali brunch to savour. Appetizers would include dishes like Tilasmi machi
tikka, Ambi paneer tikka, Badami dahi ke kebab, Choley Kulche. Beside these
special delicacies, the Indian station will serve some of the regular
favourites like Kosha mangsho, Alleppey Fish Curry, Dal batichurma, Butter
chicken will be available for the guests. From the Western station sample the
Chicken roulade, Broccoli and corn crepe, Pumpkin and zucchini parmigiana,
braised baby lamb with creamy truffle polenta and more the relish. Don’t
forget to save some space for sinful desserts like Haridwar ka malai Dudh,
Rabrimaalpua, Imriti with Rabri, and lots more.

**Price – 1499 plus taxes**

**Timings: 12:30 pm – 3:30 pm**

**Master Dimsum**

Add sparkle to the season of festivities with delectable Chinese cuisine at
Master Dimsum. Situated at Southern Avenue, Lake Mall and Acropolis Mall, the
diner will get to savour delicacies like Sui Mai, Fish Ball Noodle Soup, Hong
Kong Style Gyozas, Thai Dumplings, Meatball Stick in Noodle Soup, Spinach
Mushroom Corn Ball Stick in Noodle Soup to start with. Further you can dig
into Chili Chicken Momo, Chicken Sweet and Sour Momo, Chicken Manchurian Momo,
Chicken Schezwan Momo, Prawn Schezwan Momo and many more!

**Timings** : 10 am to 8 pm

**Pocket Pinch** (For Two): Rs 400 plus taxes

**Friday Release**

Celebrate the festival of lights at Friday Release. The Bollywood inspired
diner at Salt Lake rolls out a special menu to delight the gourmands who have
a sweet tooth. Choose from a variety of Indian sweetmeats like Shahi Tukra,
Nolen Gurer Payesh, Gajjar ka Halwa, Rasmalai and a lot more. Also, you get a
free dessert if you post a photo of the food and tag Friday Release on social
media.

**When:** 25th \- 30th October 2019

**Time:** 12noon to 11pm

**Cost for two-** 900 plus GST

**GT Route, Jameson Inn Shiraz**

At GT Route elevate the spirit of the festive season with a delectable spread.
Start off with Galouti Kebab, Barrah Kebab, Chopen Kebab and Tangri Kebab and
move over to dig into some delicious Biryani or relish some more Mughlai love
with Chicken Chaap, Nalli Nihari and Bharwan Tandoori Aloo.

**When:** 27th October, 2019 (Sunday) – 29th October, 2019 (Tuesday)

**Timings:** 12 noon to 4 pm and 7 pm to 11:30 pm

**Meal for two:** Rs 600 /- plus taxes

**Chowman**

This Diwali and Bhai dooj enjoy the historic charm of Chinese cuisine with
Chowman special delicacies. This festive season Chowman will present a
collection of delicious starters, main course and dessert menu like Prawn Ka
Seong, Kung Pao Chicken, Mushroom Pepper Salt, American Chopsuey, Singapore
Meifoon, Chowman Special Chicken Chilli Mountain Lobster, Pepper Garlic Prawn,
Squid Pepper Salt, Schezwan Orange Roasted Pork, Hong Kong Fish, General Tao’s
Chicken, Chilli Honey Prawn, Fried Chilli Pork, Hot Garlic Lamb, Butter Garlic
Prawn, Toffee Walnut with Ice-Cream, Darshan with Ice-cream, Sizzling Brownie
with Hot Chocolate sauce, Nutty Crunch and Tutti Fruity by our master Chefs.

Cost for two is Rs 900 plus taxes.

Timing: 12.00 noon – 10.30 pm

**Chilekotha**

Chilekotha, a retro-style restaurant located in the Dover Lane near Gariahat,
have come up with a special celebration package for Bhai Phota starting only
at Rs. 299 which will include a plate full of sweets specially prepared for
the occasion accompanied by paddy grains, a box, an oil lamp and sandalwood,
the essential ingredients necessary for the ceremony. Also indulge in Bhai
Phonta special thalis, that includes lip-smacking dishes like Mutton Chop,
Lonka Bhape Murgi, Macher Dimer Bora, Kancha Lanka Dhone Patar Aloor Dom and a
lot more. Available from 25th to 31st October. Details: 98360 08522.

TAGS

The Westin Kolkata Rajarhat Friday Release  GT Route Jameson Inn Shiraz
Chowman Chilekotha

O  
P  
E  
N

#### Comments

######

__

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

  * Chennai
  * Bengaluru
  * Hyderabad
  * Kolkata

### Chennai

### Bengaluru

### Hyderabad

### Kolkata

ADVERTISEMENT

Facebook

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

__

### FOLLOW US

________

Copyright - indulgexpress.com 2022

The New Indian Express |  Dinamani |  Kannada Prabha |  Samakalika Malayalam |
Edex Live |  Cinema Express | Event Xpress

Contact Us |  About Us |  Privacy Policy |  Terms of Use |  Advertise With Us

Home |  Fashion |  Entertainment |  Culture |  Lifestyle |  Car & Bike |  Sex
& Health |  Events |  Galleries

