https://khinskitchen.com/crispy-fried-wonton/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * All Recipes
  * Popular
  * Asian
  * Dinner
  * Noodles
  * Rice
  * Subscribe my Newsletter
  * About Me
  * Contact Me
  * Terms & Conditions
  * search...

menu icon

search icon

search...

  * All Recipes
  * Popular
  * Asian
  * Dinner
  * Noodles
  * Rice
  * Subscribe my Newsletter
  * About Me
  * Contact Me
  * Terms & Conditions

Ã—

Home > Recipes > Starters

# Crispy Fried Wonton

Published: Aug 21, 2020 Â· Modified: Apr 20, 2021 Â· by Khin Â· This post may
contain affiliate links.

Jump to Recipe

Crispy Fried Wonton Recipe with juicy chicken fillings and crispy coating. In
this recipe, you will learn how to make homemade crispy wonton with very
simple cupboard-friendly ingredients!

These crispy bites are super addictive and taste way better than regular
takeout wontons! You can make prep-ahead and fry it just before serving.
Perfect appetizer or finger food to serve at your parties, dinners, or
gatherings!

Fried wonton is also one of the most popular Chinese restaurant appetizers,
loved by many people across the world. You will need 3 key ingredients,
chicken mince, spring onions and wonton wrapper, and very few seasonings
spices.

You can deep fry these wontons or you can steam, boil, or add in soups and
noodles. Here is more of our Wonton Noodle Soup, and Wonton in Chilli Oil
Recipes you can try out!

## **Simple Steps How To Make Crispy Chicken Wonton** :

Finely chop the spring onions and mix it with chicken mince, ginger, garlic,
seasonings, and spices. Stir well to combine all ingredients evenly, until the
fillings become a sticky paste.

I use chicken mince in this recipe, but you can also add prawns and make it
into Crispy Prawn (Shrimp) Wonton!

### How To Wrap Wonton

To wrap the wontons, place one wonton wrapper in your palm, add 1 teaspoon of
fillings in the middle of the wrapper. Wet the edges of the wonton paper with
water. Fold the wonton into a triangle shape, press the edges to seal it. Pull
the corners of the triangle and wet one side and overlap the corners and press
hard to seal it. ( Check out my step-by-step cooking video on how to make
crispy wonton. )

Pre-heat oil between 330-350Â°F, deep fry the wontons until crispy golden
brown. Remove from oil and place it into a paper towel or cooling rack first.

### How To Make Chilli Dipping Sauce

To make the chilli dipping sauce, mix all the dipping sauce ingredients in a
bowl.

If you love Asian appetizers, check out more of our Easy Asian Starter Recipes
here :

  * Gyoza
  * Crispy Salt and Pepper Chicken Wings
  * Crispy Deep Fried Dumplings

If you enjoy our recipe, please leave a comment and give us a rating! If
you've tried this recipe, tag me on social medias, I would love to see your
creations! Follow me on social medias Facebook, Instagram and Pinterest for
latest updates.

## Crispy Fried Wonton

5 from 6 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Appetizer

Cuisine: Chinese

Prep Time: 20 minutes

Cook Time: 10 minutes

Servings: 4

Calories:

Author: Khin

### Ingredients

  * â–¢ 200 g Chicken Mince
  * â–¢ 3 Spring Onion
  * â–¢ 20-25 Wonton wrapper/skin
  * â–¢ 1 tsp Garlic finely grated
  * â–¢ Â½ tsp  Ginger finely grated
  * â–¢ Oil for frying Vegetable/peanut/sunflower/canola

#### Seasonings

  * â–¢ 1 tsp Light soy sauce
  * â–¢ 1 tsp  Sesame oil
  * â–¢ 1 tsp  Sugar
  * â–¢ Â¼ tsp White pepper
  * â–¢ Â½ tsp Salt
  * â–¢ 2 tsp Corn starch(flour)

#### Chilli Sauce

  * â–¢ 1 tbsp Rice/white vinegar
  * â–¢ 1 tbsp Light soy sauce
  * â–¢ 1 tbsp  Chilli oil
  * â–¢ 1 tsp Sugar

### Instructions

  * First of all finely chop the spring onions. 

  * In a large mixing bowl, add chicken mince, chopped spring onions, finely grated ginger, garlic , seasoning sauce and spices. 

  * Stir well to combine all ingredients until the fillings become sticky paste. 

  * To wrap the wontons, place wonton wrapper in your palm, add 1 teaspoon of fillings in the middle of the wrapper. Wet the edges of the wonton paper with water. Fold the wonton into triangle shape, press the edges to seal it. Pull the corners of triangle and wet one side and overlap the corners and press hard to seal it. ( Check out my step by step cooking video how to wrap wonton. )

  * Pre-heat oil to about 350Â°F, deep fry the wontons until crispy golden brown. 

  * Drain oil and place into paper towel or cooling rack first. 

  * To make the chilli dipping sauce, mix all the dipping sauce ingredients in a bowl. 

  * Transfer the wontons to servings plate. Serve with chilli dipping sauce or your choice of chilli dipping sauce. 

Tried this Recipe? Pin it for Later!Mention @KhinsKitchen or tag
#KhinsKitchen!

Â« Chicken Broccoli Noodles

Mongolian Ground Beef Â»

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Alex van Herk says

October 29, 2021 at 1:53 pm

  
The sesame oil, light soya and sugar, pepper and salt are nog in the list of
ingredients for the minced chicken. They are are in the video though ðŸ˜‰

Reply

    * Khin says

November 13, 2021 at 11:28 pm

Hi Alex, please find at the recipe card seasonings ingredients list. Thank you
so much for sharing comment. Hope you enjoy this recipe.

Reply

  2. Pooja Vidhani says

July 07, 2021 at 5:34 am

How to make wonton wrappers like urs

Reply

    * Khin says

July 14, 2021 at 11:44 am

Hi Pooja, I used ready-made wonton wrappers from the Asian grocery store's
freezer section. I will share my recipe for how to make wonton wrappers at
home too! Thank you so much.

Reply

  3. Ketutsuaryana says

June 01, 2021 at 12:18 am

  
Simple n wow

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

## Primary Sidebar

  

**Hi, I'm Khin!** This blog is all about my family home cooking recipes. I
want to share how to make delicious meals from simplest method with step-by-
step cooking videos.

More about me â†’

### Popular Post

  * Sweet and Sour Chicken Hong Kong Style

  * Spicy Chicken Pasta

  * Crispy Salt and Chilli Chicken

  * King Prawn Chow Mein

  * Crispy Shredded Chicken

  * Crispy Chilli Beef (with Sweet Chilli)

### Asian Take out

  * Chinese Chicken Curry

  * Crispy Shredded Beef Recipe

  * Chinese Salt and Pepper Chips

  * Salt and Pepper Chicken

  * Lamb Karahi

  * Lamb Tikka Masala

  * Masala Chips

  * Crispy Honey Chilli Chicken

###  New Recipes

  * Salmon and Prawn Pasta

  * Satay Chicken Curry

  * Easy Beef Chow Mein

  * Easy Chicken Tempura

## Footer

â†‘ back to top

  * About Me
  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms & Conditions

  * Sign Up! for recipe newsletter

  * Contact

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright Â© 2022 KHIN'S KITCHEN

