https://www.theflavorbender.com/easy-homemade-chicken-ramen/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to footer navigation
  * Skip to header navigation
  * Skip to privacy navigation
  * Skip to recipes navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * About
  * My Cookbooks
  * Work With Me
  * Shop
  * Contact
  * 

Search Recipes...

The Flavor Bender

Master the Science of Delicious

Main Menu

Display Search Bar

Search Recipes...

  * Recipe Index
    * All Recipes
    * Desserts
      * Cakes & Cupcakes
      * Candy & Bite Sizes
      * Chocolate
      * Cookies, Brownies & Bars
      * Frozen Desserts
      * Fruit Desserts
      * Puddings & Custards
      * Dessert drinks
      * No Bake
      * Pastries & Breads
      * Sweet Syrups & Spreads
      * Tarts & Pies
      * Cheesecakes
      * Healthy sweets
    * Breakfasts
      * Tarts, Quiches, & Pies
      * Waffles, Pancakes & Crepes
      * Quick Breads, Scones & Muffins
      * Breakfast Sandwiches
      * Pastries & Breads
      * Eggs
      * Breakfast & Brunch Drinks
      * Make Ahead Breakfasts
      * Healthy Breakfasts
      * Coffee and Tea drinks
      * Breakfast Smoothies & Juices
      * Breakfast Sides
      * Casseroles
    * Courses
      * Main Meals
        * Bread, Sandwiches & Burgers
        * Curries
        * Salads
        * Roasts & BBQ
        * Soups & Stews
        * Casseroles
      * Lunch
      * Beverages
      * Appetizers & Tapas
      * Sides
      * Dips & Condiments
      * Tea Time & Snacks
      * Desserts
      * Meal Prep
      * Cocktails
    * Cuisines
      * American
      * European
      * Australasian
      * Sri Lankan
      * East Asian
      * Mexican
      * Middle Eastern
      * South Asian
    * Sri Lankan
      * Main Meals
      * Drinks
    * Skill Level
      * Easy
        * Easy Desserts
        * Easy Cooking
        * Easy Breads
        * Easy Breakfasts
        * Easy Dinners
      * Intermediate
        * Intermediate Desserts
        * Intermediate Cooking
        * Intermediate Breads
        * Intermediate Breakfasts
        * Intermediate Dinners
      * Advanced
        * Advanced Desserts
        * Advanced Cooking
  * New? Start Here
  * Measurement Conversions
  * How-To Posts

The Flavor Bender Recipes Easy Homemade Chicken Ramen

# Easy Homemade Chicken Ramen

45 mins

Recipes

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

38.9K shares

  *   *   * 

**Disclaimer:** The Flavor Bender is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC
Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program. There are links on this
site that can be defined as ‚Äúaffiliate links‚Äù. As an Amazon Associate I earn
from qualifying purchases (at no cost to you) that will help support this
website.

Author: Dini K.

Posted:  1/8/2019

Updated:  5/3/2020

**_Looking for an easy bowl of_** ** _ Homemade Chicken Ramen _****_that 's
brimming with flavor and can be customized to your taste? Then this is the
recipe for you! üôÇ_**

## _Comforting, vibrant and delicious Homemade Chicken Ramen you can make at
home!_

Contents

 [hide]

  * Why this chicken ramen recipe is amazing
  * How to make CLASSIC but easy Homemade Chicken Ramen (Or Chicken Shoyu Ramen)
  * Other flavorings that I add to the ramen broth
  * What type of noodles can I use for this homemade chicken ramen?
  * How to to cook the chicken for the ramen
  * Ramen toppings
  * What if I can't find some of these ingredients?
  * How to cut down the cooking time when making this easy chicken ramen recipe?

#### **_I 'm also sharing plenty of tips and shortcuts to help you make the
PERFECT Classic Chicken Shoyu Ramen bowl, with a delicious soy sauce chicken
broth, topped with caramelized soy chicken, a ramen egg and other flavorful
toppings. _**

Recently, I've been on a mission every time we went on a trip, to find the
best bowl of ramen that city had to offer. I've come across the best, and
sadly the worst too, during my travels.

Both my husband and I love ramen, and since there isn't a good place that
makes it locally, we make our own at home. My Easy Pork Ramen has been a hit
with my readers, but I realized that I've never shared my **Easy Chicken
Ramen** recipe with you guys! So today, I'm going to fix that with this
flavor-packed, easy homemade chicken ramen.

**If you love classic homemade chicken ramen, that is simple to make, but you
can still customize to your taste - then this chicken ramen recipe is for
you!** I'm going to show you how to make a delicious bowl of ramen that tastes
like an authentic Shoyu Ramen bowl, plus I'll share shortcuts to make this
homemade chicken ramen even easier. The easy version of this recipe can be
made in 30 minutes, and the more elaborate version (with the caramelized
chicken) can take about 45 minutes.

### Why this chicken ramen recipe is amazing

  * This ramen soup recipe is easily adaptable to ingredients you have at home
  * You can use store bought stock, but add more flavor!
  * This ramen looks amazing with the laquered chicken served on the side.
  * You can make this upgraded version with the chicken cooked separately, OR make it easier by cooking the chicken IN the shoyu broth.
  * Top it up with a classic ramen egg that completes the authenticity of this recipe. 

### **How to make CLASSIC but easy Homemade Chicken Ramen (Or Chicken Shoyu
Ramen)**

**This is my favorite way to prepare homemade chicken ramen - Japanese noodles
(straight or wavy!) in a delicious soy sauce chicken broth (or a Shoyu broth),
topped with a jammy egg marinated in a sweet soy marinade (or a ramen egg),
with flavor-packed caramelized soy chicken and vegetables!**

I prefer using homemade chicken stock, but I don't always have homemade
chicken stock at hand. So I use store-bought in a pinch. To upgrade the store-
bought chicken stock, I simmer it with ginger, spring onions and some chili
(because we like it a little spicy).

Bring the stock to a boil over medium high heat (or high heat, depending on
your stove), with all the aromatics. Then reduce heat to a medium and let it
simmer to infuse all the flavors. You can increase the amount of stock if you
want to cook the noodles in the broth, but I prefer to cook the noodle
separately.

##### Why cook the noodles separately?

  * You end up with a clear flavorful chicken broth. 
  * If you cook the noodles in the broth / stock , the starches release into the stock and make it heavier and cloudy. 
  * Also, you will end up consuming all that extra starch that you would otherwise wash away. 

### **Other flavorings that I add to the ramen broth**

  * **Soy Sauce -** this is what makes the ramen broth a SHOYU RAMEN. You can leave out the soy sauce for a SHIO RAMEN base. Or add some white miso for a MISO base.
  *  **Mirin -** a classic addition to Japanese ramen that really enhances the flavor. It's a sweet rice wine with a slight tang. Supermarkets usually sell "Aji-Mirin" which isn't really mirin, but it works just as well. 
  * **Garlic -** I always add garlic, but because there's ginger in the recipe, the garlic isn't a necessity. Or you can leave out the ginger, and just add garlic. It's up to you.

### **What type of noodles can I use for this homemade chicken ramen?**

  * **Straight ramen noodles -** usually this type of noodles is used with heavier broths. But I love these noodles, so I use them regularly at home.
  *  **Wavy ramen noodles -** these noodles work better for lighter ramen bases, such as this recipe. If you do have them, you're more than welcome to use it for this ramen recipe.
  *  **Instant ramen noodles -** perhaps the most popular type of ramen noodles out there. I prefer not to use these, because these noodles overcook so quickly and swell up in the broth and get soggy. But you _can_ use them for this chicken ramen recipe if you like. Just make a note to under-cook them slightly, so that they don't get soggy in the ramen broth.
  *  **Udon, soba, somen noodles -** these are usually sold as dry noodles in supermarkets. You can use these too if you prefer.
  *  **Fresh vs dried noodles -** you can use either! If you have access to fresh ramen noodles, just make sure to cook them according to the instructions on the packet.

### **How to to cook the chicken for the ramen**

#### **Easy chicken vs classic chicken**

**For the easy version - **To make this chicken ramen even easier, you can
cook the chicken RIGHT IN THE BROTH, and then shred the chicken so that it
gets mixed with the ramen noodles and broth.

This does save time, but personally, **I much prefer to cook the chicken
separately, because it adds another great layer of flavor to your ramen
bowl.**

**For the classic version - **Make the caramelized soy chicken separately.
Making caramelized soy chicken is easy, and you wouldn't believe how delicious
the results are! The chicken is marinated in a soy, dark soy and mirin mix
(the same marinade that I use for ramen eggs), and then grilled in the oven OR
on a pan.

**I find it easier to do this in the oven,** because this way I can cook more
chicken at the same time (extras are great for fried rice!), and it leaves the
stove free for the ramen broth and noodles.

For both versions of chicken, you can use chicken thighs OR chicken breast
pieces. I prefer chicken thighs, because chicken breasts dry out very easily
when overcooked. Chicken thighs are more forgiving.

### **Ramen toppings**

I could never have enough ramen toppings. But there's only so much that your
bowl can fit‚Ä¶

There are several classic ramen toppings and they all add great flavor to your
ramen bowl. Unfortunately, they are not so easy to find here in mid-Missouri.

  * **Negi** **or chopped spring onions (green onions) -** a must for any and every ramen bowl!
  *  **Tamago or eggs -** another topping that I just have to have. You can serve the eggs however you like; hard boiled, soft boiled, plain or marinated ( **ramen eggs- get the recipe here!)**.
  *  **Sesame oil -** I love adding a drizzle of sesame oil to my soy ramen (Shoyu Ramen), even if it isn't a classic option. If I'm making Shio or Miso Ramen, then I might add a little butter instead.
  *  **Sesame seeds - **You can use white or black sesame seeds (the white stands out against the caramelized chicken, but the black will stand out against the noodles. Ultimately adding some toasted sesame seeds are little drops of flavor bombs!
  *  **Radishes or sweet bell peppers -** another topping that's not traditional, but I like them because they add a nice crunch and sweetness to my ramen bowl.
  *  **Mushrooms -** shiitake mushrooms are my preferred choice, but I also love enoki. Adds a delicious umami flavor, and I also like how meaty they taste.
  *  **Steamed or stir-fried greens -** baby bok choy (or Shanghai bok choy), bunch spinach, water spinach, gai lan, yu choy are all excellent toppings in a ramen bowl.
  *  **Fried chili and garlic, or fried garlic -** I buy this from the store, because it's easier and we put it on everything. Even steamed rice.
  *  **Naruto or Kamaboko -** steamed fish cake. I absolutely love this topping when I eat ramen at a restaurant, but I don't add this when making homemade ramen.
  *  **Nori or Furikake -** sometimes I add this, sometimes I don't. I do love furikake on my Mazemen bowl though.
  *  **Moyashi -** raw been sprouts add some sweetness to the ramen, as well as a nice crunch factor.
  *  **Crushed red pepper** - I personally like to add a few flakes of red chili pepper on top. This isn't traditional, but a personal favorite for me!

### **What if I can 't find some of these ingredients?**

  * **Soy sauce -** if you don't have soy sauce at home, you can leave it out and just season it with salt or white miso. If you're looking for a GLUTEN FREE option, use TAMARI instead.
  *  **Dark soy sauce -** you can use regular soy sauce instead.
  *  **Mirin -** if you don't have mirin, you _should_ get a bottle, because it's so good! And essential for making teriyaki. 
  * **But if you don 't have mirin , you can use a dry sherry or dry white wine. Also you can use a little rice wine with brown sugar to **mimic the sweetness too.
  *  **And if you don 't have any of the toppings?** You don't really need any fancy toppings for a kick-ass chicken ramen bowl. Spring onions, a soft boiled egg and chicken will do the job just fine too! 
  * Feel free to add anything else you have at hand, that you like to eat. My husband usually adds peas and carrots to his chicken ramen when he takes it to work.

### **How to cut down the cooking time when making this easy chicken ramen
recipe?**

This homemade chicken ramen recipe takes about 45 minutes because I cook the
chicken separately. I also prefer to cook the ramen separately as well. But
here are some ways to make this recipe even faster, and cut it down to **25 -
30 minutes!**

  * **Ready to use, store-bought chicken stock or broth** eliminates one step altogether.
  * Rather than adding large pieces of garlic cloves and ginger, **mince or chop them finely** in a spice grinder. That way you don't need to worry about straining them out later.
  *  **Add the chicken to the stock at the same time as the garlic, ginger and spring onions.** This will allow the chicken to cook as the the stock is infused with all of the flavors. Once the chicken is cooked (about 20 minutes), you can chop or shred it and add it back to the base, along with mushrooms.
  *  **Steam the greens in the microwave.** Spinach only takes 1 minute to steam in the microwave. I add a little oil, garlic and soy sauce and steam in the microwave, and then it's ready to be used.
  *  **Using instant noodles will cut down on cooking time for the noodles.** If I do use instant ramen, I prefer to use **NongShim Shin Ramyun ramen packets** **or Samyang ramen packets**. They are thicker and hardy, and stay nice and firm for longer.
  *  **If you 're using dried noodles, you can increase the amount of stock (about 1/3 cup per person),** and cook the noodles RIGHT IN THE BROTH too. Keep in mind though, **this will make the broth more cloudy because of the released starches.** This is why I prefer cooking the ramen separately. 
  * If you didn't have time to make the ramen egg earlier, no worries. **It only takes about 10 minutes to make an egg, that 's not marinated. **Just boil water, and cook the eggs for 6 - 6.5 minutes and then they are ready to eat as soon as they are cool enough to peel. You can boil the eggs while the ramen broth is being prepared.
  * If you don't want to half boil an egg, **you can just fry an egg, over easy, and serve it on top of the ramen too!**
  * You can also use the broth as a base, and **top up the ramen with leftover rotisserie chicken** (or other leftover meat). This REALLY cuts down on the time!

So there you have it. This homemade ramen is nothing if not flavor-packed! I
hope you guys love this chicken ramen recipe just as much as we do! üôÇ If you
are a fan of noodle recipes, then this delicious ramen is a must try!

#### **If you liked this recipe, you may also like,**

Chicken Ramen Stir Fry

Easy Pork Ramen

Pork Loco Moco Mazeman

Garlic Lime Shrimp Noodle recipe

Looking for more recipes?Sign up for my free recipe newsletter to get new
recipes in your inbox each week! Find me sharing more inspiration on Pinterest
and Instagram.

4.99 from 84 votes

## Easy Homemade Chicken Ramen Recipe

Author: Dini K.

Cuisine: Asian, Japanese

_**An incredibly flavorful homemade classic chicken ramen with authentic
flavors, but easy enough to make for dinner! Topped with caramelized soy
chicken and a ramen egg. This classic shoyu chicken ramen can be made in about
45 minutes, and 30 minutes for the easier version.**_

 _ **You also have the option of marinating the chicken and ramen eggs
overnight to increase flavor.**_

 _ **EASY / INTERMEDIATE**_ - This is an easy recipe, but has several
components. It's recommended to make each component separately the first time
you make this, but afterwards it will easy to multi task and make components
simultaneously. An easier version of the recipe is also included.

**US based cup, teaspoon, tablespoon measurements.** **Common Measurement
Conversions**. **Weight measurements are recommended for accurate results.**

Prep: 5 minutes

Marinating: 8 hours

Cook: 40 minutes

Total Time: 45 minutes

Servings: 4 servings

  *   *   * 

Print Rate

### Ingredients:

#### Caramelized Soy Chicken

#### Marinade for the chicken

  * ‚ñ¢ 2 tbsp mirin
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 tbsp dark soy sauce (Or mushroom dark soy sauce) double the amount of light soy sauce (below) if you don‚Äôt have dark soy sauce
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 tbsp light soy sauce
  * ‚ñ¢ ¬º tsp cayenne pepper
  * ‚ñ¢ 2 garlic cloves chopped finely
  * ‚ñ¢ 4 pieces chicken thigh boneless, skin off or on

#### Glaze for the chicken

  * ‚ñ¢ 2 tsp brown sugar
  * ‚ñ¢ 2 tbsp dark soy sauce (or mushroom dark soy sauce) or 1 tbsp light soy sauce + 1 tbsp water

#### Classic Ramen

  * ‚ñ¢ 4 - 5 cups good quality chicken stock preferably no sodium or low sodium
  * ‚ñ¢ 4 stalks of spring onions trimmed and cut in half
  * ‚ñ¢ 4 - 5 cloves garlic
  * ‚ñ¢ 2 inch piece of ginger sliced
  * ‚ñ¢ 4 red chili or 1 tbsp dried chili flakes (crushed red pepper) omit if you don't like spicy food
  * ‚ñ¢ ¬º cup light soy sauce
  * ‚ñ¢ ¬º cup mirin
  * ‚ñ¢ 8 ounces shiitake mushrooms stems trimmed and sliced, or cut in half
  * ‚ñ¢ 12 - 13 oz dried ramen noodles or 4 portions (or 4 portions of fresh ramen noodles)

#### Regular soft boiled eggs (if you don't want to make ramen eggs)

  * ‚ñ¢ 4 large eggs

#### Steamed Greens

  * ‚ñ¢ 2 bunches of spinach or 4 shanghai bok choy or any Asian greens
  * ‚ñ¢ Soy sauce
  * ‚ñ¢ Sesame oil
  * ‚ñ¢ Garlic

#### Ramen toppings

  * ‚ñ¢ 4 stalks of spring onions sliced finely
  * ‚ñ¢ Sliced radishes or bean sprouts
  * ‚ñ¢ Ramen eggs marinated or plain
  * ‚ñ¢ Chili garlic oil

US Customary - Metric

### Instructions:

#### Caramelized Soy Chicken

  * Place all the ingredients for the chicken marinade in a bowl. Mix well to coat the chicken. If time permits, allow the chicken to marinate for at least 1 hour.

  * Preheat oven to 425¬∞F, and place an oven rack in the top third of your oven. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.

  * Place the chicken pieces on the baking sheet, skin side down (or smooth side down), evenly spaced apart. Then place the baking sheet in the preheated oven (upper third).

  * Let the chicken roast for 15 minutes. While the chicken is cooking, mix the brown sugar and dark soy sauce for the glaze, and start making the ramen.

  * After 15 minutes, flip the chicken pieces over and spoon the glaze over them. Let the chicken cook for a further 10 - 15 minutes. Then remove from the oven and let them cool down.

  * Slice the chicken and set aside.

#### Ramen

  *  ** _While the caramelized soy chicken is cooking in the oven, make the ramen base._**

  * Place two saucepans on the stove. 

  * As an optional step, you can chop the garlic and ginger. Or you can add them whole or sliced and strain the ramen stock to remove the large pieces of garlic and ginger later. 

  * In one saucepan (Pot 1), place the stock, ginger, garlic, spring onions, chili (if using), soy sauce and mirin. Stir and cover the pot. Let it come to a boil at medium high - high heat. Then lower the heat to medium and let it simmer for 25 minutes. Taste the base and add more soy sauce if needed. 

  * While Pot 1 is simmering, add water to the second pot (Pot 2), and bring it to a boil. Add the dried noodles to the boiling water, and cook according to package directions. I prefer cooking the noodles for ONE MINUTE LESS than what's recommended on the package, as the noodles will continue to cook for a bit longer when served with hot broth. The straight ramen noodles I use here take 3 minutes to cook. Drain the noodles and divide into 4 bowls and set aside. 

  * When the ramen base in Pot 1 has cooked for about 20 - 25 minutes, strain to remove the garlic, ginger, chili and spring onions (or only the spring onions and chili). Add the strained stock back into the pot and add the mushrooms, and let it cook for a further 5 minutes until the mushrooms have softened. The ramen base is now ready. 

#### Ramen Egg or Unseasoned soft boiled egg

  * Make ramen eggs the day before, according to this recipe.  
OR make regular soft boiled eggs to top your ramen bowl. (Ramen eggs need at
least 2 hours to marinate).

  * To make regular soft boiled eggs - bring a pot of water to a boil. Lower 4 large eggs carefully into the water and cook the eggs for 6 - 6 ¬Ω minutes.

  * Immediately place the eggs in cool running water or an ice bath for a few minutes. Peel and set aside until ready to serve. This can be done BEFORE you cook the ramen as well.

#### Steamed greens

  * Wash the greens, and cut them in half, or into sections if necessary (for Shanghai bok choy).

  * Place the greens in a bowl and drizzle a little soy sauce and sesame oil (and garlic) on top. Toss to combine.

  * Cover and microwave in 1 minute increments until the greens have softened, but not too wilted. Alternatively, you can heat a non-stick pan with a little oil, and pan fry the greens with soy sauce and garlic for about 2 - 4 minutes.

#### To Serve

  * Evenly divide the hot stock between the four bowls with ramen noodles.

  * Top with the steamed greens, sliced soy chicken, ramen eggs, spring onions, radishes and other toppings you like.

### Tips & Tricks

##### For an even easier chicken ramen version:

Without cooking the chicken separately, you can marinate the chicken overnight
and then add it to the stock at the same time as the garlic, ginger and spring
onions. This will allow the chicken to cook at the same time as the stock is
being infused with all of the flavors. Once the chicken is cooked (about 20
minutes), you can chop or shred it and add it back to the base, along with the
mushrooms.

### Nutrition Information:

Calories: 120kcal (6%)Carbohydrates: 19g (6%)Protein: 4g (8%)Sodium: 2021mg
(88%)Potassium: 246mg (7%)Fiber: 1g (4%)Sugar: 10g (11%)Vitamin A: 640IU
(13%)Vitamin C: 67.4mg (82%)Calcium: 21mg (2%)Iron: 1.4mg (8%)

‚ÄúThis website provides approximate nutrition information for convenience and
as a courtesy only. Nutrition data is gathered primarily from the USDA Food
Composition Database, whenever available, or otherwise other online
calculators.‚Äù

Course:Dinner, Lunch

Cuisine:Asian, Japanese

Keyword:Chicken Recipes, Noodles, Ramen

Did you make this?Tag me on Instagram!I love seeing what you‚Äôve made! Tag me
on Instagram at @TheFlavorBender or leave me a comment & rating below.

### More Recipes You'll Love...

  * Ramen Eggs (Ajitsuke Tamago)

  * Easy Pork Ramen

  * 15 minute Chicken Ramen Stir Fry

38.9K shares

  *   *   * 

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Review Cancel reply

 **I love hearing from you! Submit your question or recipe review here.**

 _Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *_

Made this? Rate this recipe: Made this? Rate this recipe:  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Œî

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

  1. Kayle W says

July 2, 2022 at 13:12

  
I love this so much! I make it quite often now and it's really a nice meal for
the family. My kids absolutely love this ramen and ask me to make it all the
time. For sure staying on our menu!

Reply

  2. Zara says

June 27, 2022 at 07:27

This images grab my full attention. Very helpful recipe. If anyone follow the
same direction it much easier to cook. I love this recipe.

Reply

  3. Emily Miles says

June 9, 2022 at 18:08

  
This was amazing! Super easy to customize too for people with food allergies.
I couldn‚Äôt use the garlic or mushrooms because of family visiting, but I
substituted in bean sprouts and it still tasted great. Really filling too!
This fed a family of four. With maybe one serving left over.

Reply

  4. Justine Closterman says

June 6, 2022 at 11:36

Hi do you take out the spring onions that are halfed?

Reply

    * Dini says

June 7, 2022 at 12:46

Hi Justine  
As noted in the recipe, the spring onions are taken out with the garlic,
ginger and chilli. I hope that helps!

Reply

  5. Katyusha says

June 4, 2022 at 14:07

  
The recipe was great! Made this and everyone was delighted by the taste and
presentation. The meat was tender and perfectly cooked. I picked extra thin
curly ramen noodles and that was perfect for slurping up.

Reply

  6. Rachel says

May 14, 2022 at 03:01

  
Very nice. First attempt at making ramen and I will do it again. Next time I
might make my own stock but it was flavourful enough even with the store
bought stock I used.

Reply

  7. lyn reggiga says

May 8, 2022 at 18:02

i think that this recipe was absolutely amazing! you are an angel sent from
heaven for making this! my family loved it so so much when we tried it out for
international dinner night, next time we are going to try taco night so if you
have any good recipes for that, please let me know.

Reply

    * Dini says

May 9, 2022 at 11:39

Hi Lyn!  
I'm so glad that you enjoyed this ramen recipe! üôÇ  
My absolute favorite taco filling is Pork Carnitas! I make a huge batch of it
and make tacos, rice bowls and even quesadillas with the carnitas! The chicken
fajitas are a close second, but the carnitas are what I always make for
friends too!  
I hope that helps!

Reply

  8. Jillian says

April 7, 2022 at 19:17

  
Wow. This recipe intimidated me a bit but was actually pretty easy. So
delicious. Followed the recipe exactly, using homemade broth. So good!!

Reply

  9. Brittany Lewis says

February 25, 2022 at 15:44

Overall this was not bad.  
- My broth took on a bitter taste during cooking. So I added a bit of sugar to get rid of it. Not sure what caused that.  
- My broth also had a fairly dark color for some reason.  
- I lessened the red pepper flakes that the recipe called for but man it still packed a bit of heat . Definitely straddling the line between enjoyable kick and too damn hot.  
- I didn‚Äôt care for the ramen eggs. The yolks had too much of a vinegary taste. I marinaded overnight. Perhaps it would have been better to marinade less time.

Reply

    * Brittany Lewis says

February 25, 2022 at 15:45

I forgot  
- The chicken was very good  
- overall the dish was simple and easy to make.

Reply

    * Dini says

February 26, 2022 at 08:01

Hi Brittany  
Thank you for your comment.  
-I'm not sure what made the broth bitter, as there are no ingredients in my recipe that could make the stock bitter. Did you make any alterations to the recipe?  
-I'm not sure why it turned dark color though, however it could be related to why your stock turned bitter.  
-Spice levels are entirely based on preference. This recipe was very mild to us. If you know you cannot tolerate too much spice, then it is highly recommended to adjust it your levels as I have stated in the recipe too.  
-As for the ramen eggs, I'm not sure what made it vinegary at all. There is absolutely NO VINEGAR in the marinade. I think you may have made a substitution with vinegar that lead to this? 

Hope that helps!

Reply

      * Brittany Lewis says

February 27, 2022 at 02:03

Hi Dini,

Thanks for the reply!  
- No, I did not make any substitutions. I followed the recipe as written. I was thinking it may be the ginger ‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏è . I feel like I‚Äôve juiced ginger before and found it to have a slightly bitter after taste. But who knows! Thankfully I was able to rid the soup of it in the end !  
- oh, I hope it didn‚Äôt come across as I was blaming you all for the spice level. I was simply stating not complaining . I actually did reduce the amount of red pepper flakes the recipe calls for. But I now see that I can afford to reduce a little more. You live and you learn ‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏è. No biggie.  
- I actually didn‚Äôt make any substitution with the egg marinade. But that was the best way I could describe the taste I experienced. Again, not complaining, just saying. Just a subjective taste preference thing . 

With that being said, I finished the entire soup and ate every egg, with some
mental notes on what I can do differently next time.

Thanks for the recipe and take care!

Reply

  10. Tracy Rennie says

February 8, 2022 at 18:28

I made this for the family last night and we all loved it. Will definitely be
rotating and saving this incredibly tasty and easy recipe.

Reply

  11. Joleene Naylor says

January 28, 2022 at 16:04

  
Love this super detailed recipe. So many variations, and so much info. Thanks
so much!

Reply

  12. Cbj says

January 21, 2022 at 19:57

  
Super delicious . I really enjoyed it

Reply

  13. Colee says

January 19, 2022 at 00:40

  
So easy and delicious!

Reply

  14. Jessica says

January 15, 2022 at 10:17

Hi! I am going to give your ramen recipe a try tonight. You say you also mix
white miso in the broth sometimes. Maybe I missed this step. When do you add
it? What ratio of miso verses stock would you use? Or do you mix it directly
into the chicken stock? If so how much?

Reply

    * Dini says

January 15, 2022 at 12:40

Hi Jessica  
This is a Shoyu ramen, so I used soy sauce.  
For a miso ramen, you can replace the soy with miso. Miso will be added right
at the end, when making the soup. Miso shouldn't be "boiled" because it can
ruin the nutrients. I also add as much as I want to get the taste I like.  
Hope that helps

Reply

  15. Debi Wilkins says

January 13, 2022 at 06:46

  
I made this last night - loved it! Thanks for the recipe and all the tips -
they were very helpful!

Reply

  16. Casey Brackett says

January 10, 2022 at 08:50

  
I love this recipe, it's my go-to for ramen.  
I also use the chicken marinade for stir fry ALL the time, it's very versatile
and very much reminds me of Sarku Japan when you make extra sauce and pour it
over rice and fried cabbage. So tasty, thank you!

Reply

  17. Rachel Schwartz says

December 21, 2021 at 10:29

If I make the chicken in the broth do I omit the glaze step? Or do I mix the
brown sugar as part of the marinade?

Reply

    * Dini says

January 1, 2022 at 13:58

Hi Rachel  
The glaze is for chicken that is cooked and caramelized separately. If the
chicken is cooked in the broth, as a time saving step, then the chicken cannot
be glazed. You are welcome to glaze it after cooking it in the broth, but that
is an additional step. If you marinade the chicken first, then when you cook
the chicken in the broth, the glaze will change the flavor of the broth as
well.  
I hope that helps

Reply

  18. Sasikorn Pornpichet says

November 17, 2021 at 20:59

Love this recipe! I made these for myself and dad. He really loved it.

Reply

  19. Bethany McMillan says

November 7, 2021 at 12:34

  
While I do like ginger the taste of the broth was initially way too strong
after the first 20 min of simmering. I removed the ginger slices and a few min
later strained the broth. After adding the mushrooms the ginger taste toned
down a lot. The broth was good.  
The chicken tasted just like our favorite Chinese restaurant and was easy to
make although it didn‚Äôt take quite as long to cook.  
I added several additional items, carrots, snow peas, and sliced jalape√±os.

Reply

  20. Johnny Klink says

October 30, 2021 at 21:09

  
WOW. Made this recipe tonight and LOVED it! I've spent a lot time in Japan and
frequented many Ramen-ya's. This is real deal. Wonderful job on this recipe.
Thank you

Reply

  21. Donna says

October 14, 2021 at 19:27

I‚Äôd love to make it but not everyone is at home eating at the same time.

Can a ramen bowl me made and then warmed up later? Thanks

Reply

    * Dini says

October 15, 2021 at 18:18

Hi Donna  
The problem with Ramen is that the noodles will get soggy in the broth. This
will happen with any kind of ramen.  
If you keep the components separate, then you can warm it separately and serve
it later.  
Hope that helps!

Reply

  22. Scott C says

September 8, 2021 at 22:42

OMG, I do a fair amount of travel for my job and found true Ramen within the
last couple years. This is the closest it has come. I let my son in on the
secret when he traveled with me over the summer tried this tonight and said
what do you think how close is it and it was spot on! Perfect recipe!!! Never
been to Asia to see what it‚Äôs really like but it‚Äôs as close as we can get in
our part of the country.

Reply

  23. Ariel says

September 3, 2021 at 02:37

  
Hello this isn't my first time making Ramen but your recipe is so much better
I only made a few tweaks like I use organic chicken bone broth instead and I
simmered some of the bok choy stalks and my mushrooms then strained then did
the rest of the recipe and it came out delicious my friend lin said it's even
better than her mother's recipe LOL

Reply

  24. YD says

August 29, 2021 at 00:27

  
This recipe was amazing, and easy to follow. My instant ramen obsessed
teenager says they only want this from now on lol

I believe recipes are meant to be a guide as each cook has their own
preference in taste, and this was spot on in flavors. I adjusted the spice
level to suit my family. Also, I substituted the chicken for beef since that‚Äôs
what I had available (same marinade, minus the glaze. Beef stock as well) and
added nappa cabbage and carrots. It was sooo delicious. Thank you thank you
thank you!

Reply

Older Comments

## Primary Sidebar

### Hey there!

Hi! I‚Äôm Dini, a third culture kid by upbringing and a food-geek by nature. I
was born in Sri Lanka, grew up in New Zealand and lived in Australia, and then
the US, before moving to Canada in 2019! My food is a reflection of those
amazing experiences!

Read More

The flavor bender

###### cookbook

Buy now on Amazon!

### Recipe Basics

##  How to make Perfect Choux Pastry

##  Perfect Classic Chocolate Eclairs (Foolproof Recipe)

##  How to make Marshmallows (tips and tricks for homemade marshmallows)

##  The Best Homemade Bread (White Bread Recipe)

##  Homemade French Croissants (step by step recipe)

##  Classic Pound Cake (Tips for a Perfect, Moist Pound Cake)

Chocolate

Cakes

Bread

Sri Lankan

Breakfast

Drinks

Candy

Pastries

All Recipes

###### Featured On

taste of the World

###### Free recipe ebook

Get my curated collection of the Top 10 Flavor Bender recipes!

  * 10 delicious chocolate recipes
  * Creative ways to use chocolate
  * Desserts and savory recipes

Download now!

### Reader Faves

##  How to make the Best Instant Pot Short Ribs

##  Slow Roasted Salmon with Lemon Butter Sauce

##  Perfect Quick and Easy Rough Puff Pastry

##  The Best Spicy Sweet Chili Sauce!

### The flavor bender

I love baking, and I love cooking. I experiment with flavors, textures and
ingredients, and I love passing on all my tips and tricks to you!

Read More

  * About
    * Meet Dini
    * My Book
    * Work With Me
    * Contact
  * Browse
    * Recipes
    * Measurement Guide
    * Baking How-To's
    * Shop My Faves

(C) The Flavor Bender

  * Privacy
  * Disclosure
  * Terms

Site Credits Designed by Melissa Rose Design Developed by Once Coupled

## Join the flavor bender tribe!

Join my FREE recipe challenge to receive new recipes and dinner ideas straight
to your inbox!

I agree to email updates from The Flavor Bender. Learn more.

CLICK HERE!

