https://theflavoursofkitchen.com/chicken-ramen-noodles-recipe/


﻿

  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * All Recipes
  * Chicken Recipes
  * Soups and Stews
  * Instant Pot Recipes
  * Pasta and Noodles
  * About
  * Search

menu icon

  * All Recipes
  * Chicken Recipes
  * Soups and Stews
  * Instant Pot Recipes
  * Pasta and Noodles
  * About

* search icon

Search

  * All Recipes
  * Chicken Recipes
  * Soups and Stews
  * Instant Pot Recipes
  * Pasta and Noodles
  * About

* ×

Home » Recipes » 30 Minutes Recipe

Last Updated: Jul 18, 2022 by Subhasmita

# Chicken Ramen Noodle Recipe

Recipe Video

_**Chicken Ramen Noodle with a flavourful stir-fry sauce takes only 20 minutes
to make at home and is better than take-out. This Easy Ramen Noodles recipe is
a perfect mid-week dinner and customizable to your preference.**_

Pin

I am super excited to share this **Chicken Ramen noodles** recipe with you
guys today. This **Ramen Noodle Recipe** turned out so good, that I made it
two days in a row for dinner. Perfectly balanced s **tir-fry Sauce** , **juicy
chicken** , and loads of **veggies**. This Ramen recipe just hits the spot.

You may also look at other recipes from the Noodle and Ramen world - Crispy
Sesame Ginger Tofu With Soba Noodles, Oriental Chicken Noodles, Ramen Noodles
Salad With Peanut Dressing and Spicy Pork Ramen.

## Instant Ramen Noodles

I have been a big fan of instant noodles. It used to be my go-to meal during
college days. I am sure many can relate to this fact. Even now I keep a few
packets of instant noodles handy for my mid-night hunger pangs or a quick
cheat meal.

But not a big fan of the seasoning that comes with it. It has not got to do
with its taste, which is quite good but has more to do with the health aspect
of it. So though Instant Noodles has become a rare indulgence, it is still one
of my favorites.

I have no count of how many variations of instant noodles I have tried. But
every time it used to be with the packed seasoning.

## Pin

## Ramen Noodles without Seasoning packet

This is the first time I used my own stir-fry sauce instead. And the result is
just mind-blowing. So with this, I could have healthy ramen noodles with
veggies and protein of my choice.

It is time now to ditch the seasoning packet that comes along with your
instant ramen noodles. There is no excuse now to not repeat this easy and
flavourful Asian ramen noodles recipe at home.

The secret behind making these noodles delicious is the stir fry sauce. It is
not only quick to make but packs flavor. It goes great with noodles and can be
used with fried rice too (Yay! one sauce - two recipes).

Takeaways have a distinct smoky flavor to the stir fry ramen noodles. That
smokiness comes from the iron wok over a high flame. You can try the same if
you have a wok at home. Otherwise, a simple skillet will work fine. There is
less risk of ingredients tumbling out of a wok. Take care of this while doing
it in a skillet.

## Ingredients

This Chicken Ramen Recipe is pretty customizable. Basically, it has 4
components. You won't be needing the salty seasoning that comes with the
package, yet have quick ramen noodles ready in minutes.

Here is what goes into this -

  * **Instant Ramen Noodles** \- You can use any non-sticky noodles instead of ramen.
  * **Chicken thigh** or any other Protein - I prefer chicken thigh as it's juicy, has flavour, and gets done perfectly for all stir-fry recipes.
  * **Veggies**
  * Delicious Stir-fry **sauce** (make it on your own - read How-to below)

Use any of your favorite instant noodles. Make sure you are cooking the
noodles right.

Pin

There is no limit to the number of veggies you can add. I have added
**Broccoli** and **pepper** here. You can add **mushrooms, carrots, beans,
zucchini.** While veggies are good, I would not overload the dish with them.
There has to a balance among noodles, chicken, and veggies.

I have used **Chicken thighs** here. I love how juicy they remain after
cooking. Chicken thighs will always be my first preference in stir-fries. You
can also use chicken breast, but need to be careful to avoid overcooking it.

## Pin

## How to make Stir Fry Sauce for ramen noodles

This Stir-fry sauce is the best part of the entire dish. It is sweet, salty,
and a tad bit spicy. It is a simple Asian Stir-fry sauce. The ingredients are
as follows

  * **Soy Sauce**
  * **Oysters Sauce**
  * **Rice Vinegar**
  * **Sugar**
  * **pepper**
  * **Sriracha**
  * **Sesame Oil**

This sauce is very easy to make. Add the sauces - Soy, Oysters, and Vinegar in
a small bowl. Add Sesame oil to the mix. Then add sugar and give it a stir.

This stir-fry sauce is quite versatile. You can use it in any Asian stir-fry
recipe. I always keep a bottle handy in my refrigerator.

## How to make the best Chicken Ramen Noodle?

Homemade Ramen is always better than take-outs. It is easy, healthy, and
completely customizable.

Start with prepping all the ingredients before you start cooking. it takes
just 5 minutes to finish the dish. Pin

While making any stir-fries, it is important to add the ingredients as per
their cooking time.

  * Start with adding any aromatics like ginger, garlic, or chili, followed by Onion if using. 
  * Then add the protein. 
  * When the protein is almost cooked add tough vegetables like carrot, beans. Wait till the veggies are half-cooked.
  * Add the rest of the ingredients like broccoli, peppers, etc.
  * When you are almost done with cooking the chicken and veggies, add water and instant Ramen noodles. Let it cook for a minute.
  * Then flip the blocks and cook for another 2 minutes.

Pin

The thumb rule while making any Stir-fry is to keep the vegetable crunchy. So
make sure you don't overcook the veggies.

**Cook the instant noodles as per the package instruction.** Time suggestions
are usually a minute or two.

You can use beef or pork instead of Chicken here. The noodles have enough
sauce in them.Pin

## Few more Asian stir-fry recipes you might like

  * Spicy Pork Ramen
  * Chinese Five Spice Ginger Chicken
  * Asian Shrimp Garlic Noodles
  * Chicken Asparagus Stir Fry Noodles
  * Sweet Chilli Shrimp Stir Fry
  * Sesame Garlic Ramen

Pin

## CHICKEN RAMEN NOODLES

This Easy Ramen Noodle recipe with chicken and flavorful stir-fry sauce takes
only 20 minutes to make and is a perfect mid-week dinner.

4.67 from 9 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Chinese, Japanese

Keyword: Asian recipe, Asian sauce, Asian stir-fry noodles, Chicken ramen
noodles, Easy 30 minute asian recipe, Flavourful, Instant noodles, Ramen
Noodles, Sweet spicy chicken

Prep Time: 15 minutes

Cook Time: 10 minutes

Total Time: 25 minutes

Servings: 4 Serving

Calories: 336kcal

### Equipment

  * Wok / Skillet

### Ingredients

#### For Chicken Ramen

  * 200 grams  Boneless Chicken Thigh Cut into cubes
  * 1 tablespoon Minced garlic
  * 1 tbsp  vegetable oil
  * 1 medium  onion Sliced
  * 1 Cup Broccoli Floret
  * 1 medium red bell pepper
  * ½ cup Carrot Cut into Julliens
  * 3 Blocks Ramen Noodles
  * 1.5 cups Water

#### Ramen Stir fry Sauce

  * ¼ cup low sodium soy sauce
  * 2 tablespoon Oyster Sauce 
  * 2 teaspoon Rice Wine vinegar
  * ½ tablespoon light brown sugar or regular sugar
  * 1 teaspoon Sriracha or Any Red Hot Sauce (optional)
  * ½ teaspoon Sesame Oil
  * Pepper as per taste For the heat
  * Chili sauce (optional) for extra heat

### Instructions

  * Start with making the stir-fry sauce. Add all the ingredients mentioned under the sauce, in a jar or a mixing bowl. Keep aside.

  * Boil Instant ramen noodles as per instructions in the package.(~ 1 minute)

  * In a pan heat oil. Add minced garlic and sliced Onion. Cook until the onion softens.

  * Add chicken thigh pieces. Cook for 2-3 minutes on high heat.

  * Add the stir-fry sauce, followed by bell pepper,broccoli florets and Carrot. Mix everything well. Let it cook till vegetables are crispy (~ minutes)

  * Just when the sauce starts to thicken up, add water and ramen blocks. let it cook for a couple of minutes.Then flip and break any bigger chunk of ramen. cook for another 2 minutes.

  * Garnish with spring onion. Serve Immediately.

### Video

### Notes

  1. **Low cooking time & High heat.** Asian stir-fry Noodles are traditionally cooked on high heat and stirred constantly. The high heat and a few minutes are enough to cook all the ingredients properly. Chicken and veggies are expected to be a bit crispy on the outside and juicy outside.
  2. **Instant Noodles type** \- I bought an Instant Ramen Noodles pack from the nearby grocery store. Any noodles made with egg (preferably) or not will do as long as it is non-sticky types.
  3. **Sauce.** Suggest making the Asian stir-fry **sauce first** and keep it ready. It is easy to make as you have to mix the sauces (Soy, Oyster), vinegar and Oil first. Then add sugar and stir until the sugar is completely dissolved. Keep the sauce ready and aside.
  4. **Prepare Noodles** \- Boil the noodles next. This is again easy to do. Just follow the instructions in the label of the instant ramen noodles. Mine was good to go in a minute.
  5. **Noodles until soft** \- I do not cook the noodles completely and take them out once they turn soft and not fully done. Noodles will also be cooked for a couple of minutes along with the chicken and veggies. We do not want them to be overdone and chewy.
  6. **Minced garlic** should be the first ingredient cooked in the pan. Garlic cooks very fast as it does not release a lot of water. There is a chance of burning garlic so a minute should be fine.
  7. **Onions** \- After a minute of cooking garlic, add onions. Onions release water and they do not get burnt quickly. Cook unit they become soft and little golden.
  8. **Crispy Veggies** \- Vegetables added to the noodles should be crispy. We do not want the veggies overly cooked and soft. 2 ~ 3 minutes should do the trick.
  9. **Any Protein** \- I have used chicken breast which cooked for 3 minutes on high heat turns out juicy and tender. Chicken breasts can be used but care should be taken to cook them for less time. You can also use Shrimp or pork as substitutes.

### Nutrition

Serving: 100g | Calories: 336kcal | Carbohydrates: 17g | Protein: 20g | Fat:
20g | Saturated Fat: 7g | Cholesterol: 98mg | Sodium: 1724mg | Potassium:
441mg | Fiber: 1g | Sugar: 9g | Vitamin A: 1150IU | Vitamin C: 61mg | Calcium:
39mg | Iron: 1.7mg

Tried this recipe?Mention @theflavoursofkitchen or tag #theflavoursofkitchen

##

Yummly18.6kPinterestFacebookTwitterTelegramWhatsAppCopy

18.6k

SHARES

## More 30 Minutes Recipe

  * MOZZARELLA CHICKEN

  * Garlic Mushroom Spaghetti With Bacon

  * Vegan Macaroni Salad Recipe

  * Cajun Shrimp and Rice

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Laura Liisa says

April 22, 2022 at 5:56 pm

Very nice recipe! The sauce was hot but not too spicy.

Reply

  2. April says

February 07, 2022 at 1:19 am

Found this on Pinterest and thought let’s try something different. My husband
and I loved it! So great. Flavor was amazing. I kept thinking I’m eating the
rainbow and I’m enjoying it. Great recipe.

Reply

  3. Erin says

February 05, 2021 at 9:12 pm

I’ve made this twice now and it’s delicious!! I added mushrooms and this is a
new favorite! Thank you for sharing!

Reply

  4. cyndy says

January 24, 2021 at 8:59 pm

Believe it or not, this was the first time we made ramen from scratch, and it
was just delicious. You might want to add in parentheses: (if using fresh
ramen noodles and not dried, just add the water, then the fresh noodles). We
added mushrooms, and topped it at the end with dry unsalted peanuts and slices
of green onion. Perfect dinner! Thanks!

Reply

    * subhasmita says

January 25, 2021 at 5:24 am

Thank you for trying it out. We don't get fresh ramen noodles where we stay,
so haven't tried. I will add the tip you gave below to the note. 🙂

Reply

  5. Nic HB says

September 30, 2020 at 10:56 pm

I tried dark rotisserie chicken in place of the thigh chunks.  
I also used frozen stir-fry veggies + mushrooms, all the textures blended
well.

Reply

  6. Deatta LeDuc says

July 08, 2020 at 1:59 am

I have made this 2x is yummy and so easy to make. I am not a big fan of pasta
but the ramen noodles are light, perfect. I will definitely make again.

Reply

  7. MAry lou fereck says

April 29, 2020 at 12:00 am

Loved this but was not sure about using the seasoning packets.

Reply

  8. Donna E. says

June 05, 2019 at 10:34 pm

The Ramen noodles with chicken and veggies is terrific. I have never prepared
asian food. This recipe was so easy to follow. I made it for a big gathering
and everyone remark on the delicious food.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Don't subscribe All Replies to my comments Notify me of followup comments via
e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting.

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

###  **Hi, I'm Subha** !

I love cooking and trying new recipes. Here you will find recipes of food that
we love and which my family devours happily. More about me →

### Popular

  * Instant Pot Garlic Herb Chicken and Rice

  * Slow Cooker Mexican Chicken Soup

  * Italian Sausage & Orzo Soup

  * Sweet Chili Pineapple Sauce (Video Recipe)

### Latest

  * Pasta Alla Norma (Eggplant pasta)

  * Air Fryer Salmon

  * One-Pot Lemon Pasta

  * Roasted Lemon Pepper Zucchini

##

###  **Hi, I'm Subha** !

I love cooking and trying new recipes. Here you will find recipes of food that
we love and which my family devours happily. More about me →

### Popular

  * Coconut Ice Cream (No Ice Cream Maker)

  * Sweet and Spicy Boneless Chicken Thighs

  * Oven Baked Creamy Chicken Thighs

  * Instant Pot Chicken In Creamy Tomato Sauce

### Latest

  * Salmon Pasta in Creamy Lemon Sauce

  * Creamy Ranch Chicken

  * Cucumber Strawberry Salad

  * Pan-Seared Mediterranean Lamb Chop

##

Copyright© 2022 · The Flavours of Kitchen · Privacy Policy · Managed By Host
My Blog

18.6k

18.6k

SHARES

Share to...

BufferCopyEmailFacebookFlipboardHacker
NewsLineLinkedInMessengerMixPinterestPocketPrintRedditSMSTelegramTumblrTwitterVKWhatsAppXingYummly

