https://gimmedelicious.com/chicken-ramen/


↑

  * Recipes
    * Dinner
    * Appetizers/Sides
    * Breakfast/Brunch
    * Quick and Easy
    * Dessert
    * Bakery
    * healthy
    * All Recipes
  * Keto/Low Carb
  * Meal Prep
  * Shop

X

Gimme Delicious

Making Healthy Cooking Fun and Easy

  * Recipes
    * Dinner
    * Appetizers/Sides
    * Breakfast/Brunch
    * Quick and Easy
    * Dessert
    * Bakery
    * healthy
    * All Recipes
  * Keto/Low Carb
  * Meal Prep
  * Shop

    *     *     *     *     * 

Home / All Recipes / Dinner

# Easy Chicken Ramen

**By** Layla **Published in** Dinner

  * Pin685
  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Yummly
  * Email

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

**Gather your ingredients and get ready to make a comforting Chicken Ramen at
home in under 45 minutes.**

_Packed with noodles, chicken, bok choy, mushrooms, and the classic soft
boiled egg and cooked in a fragrant broth, this easy chicken ramen is an
elevated version of the chicken ramen we all had growing up!_

If you enjoy eating ramen and normally order it from different restaurants,
you should try making it at home. Not only can you save money, but you can
enjoy the fresh taste of flavorful Easy Chicken Ramen. It is not a difficult
dish to make, and it will taste great when you make it from scratch with the
right ingredients.

## What You'll Need to Make the Easy Chicken Ramen

Before you get ready to make Easy Chicken Ramen, make sure you have the
essential ingredients needed to prepare it, including:

  * **Chicken Breasts.** Grab at least two large boneless, skinless chicken breasts for this recipe.
  *  **Chili Garlic Sauce.** Use the chili garlic sauce as a marinade for your chicken to give it more flavor.
  *  **Brown Sugar.** The brown sugar adds a touch of sweetness to the chicken and gets tossed with other ingredients to create the marinade.
  *  **Grated Ginger.** The grated ginger has a bold flavor that contributes to the taste of the ramen.
  *  **Lite Soy Sauce.** Use lite soy sauce for a slightly pungent taste.
  *  **Ramen Noodles.** Add any brand of ramen noodles that you can find to this dish.
  *  **Shiitake Mushrooms.** Slice your mushrooms into pieces before adding them to the dish.
  *  **Chicken Broth.** Use the chicken broth as the base for your ramen.

Additional ingredients needed include oil, ground pepper, minced garlic,
Worcestershire sauce, rice vinegar, salt, bok choy, eggs, spring onions, and
sesame seeds. The sesame seeds are optional, but they are the perfect addition
to use for garnish.

## How to Make Easy Chicken Ramen

The process of preparing Easy Chicken Ramen is quite simple. You will need to
create your marinade for the chicken using the chili garlic sauce, oil, brown
sugar, pepper, and salt. You can cover the chicken in the marinade and allow
it to sit for at least an hour. You can let it marinate for longer than an
hour if you want. After your chicken marinades, heat your skillet and begin
cooking the marinated chicken breast. It will need to cook for around 14
minutes on the stove. Once it is fully cooked, remove the chicken from the
skillet and set it on a cutting board.

  *   * 

You can slice the chicken down into smaller pieces. In the meantime, add four
quarts of water to a saucepan and cook your eggs for about eight minutes.
Remove the shell from the eggs, cut the soft-boiled eggs into lengthwise
pieces, and put them off to the side with your chicken.

  *   * 

You will then need to work on preparing your ramen. Heat a large pot with oil,
add garlic and ginger to it, and cook together for two minutes. Toss in your
sauces, rice vinegar, broth, salt and pepper, and bring to a boil.

Toss in your mushrooms and bok choy, cook for another five minutes and then
put your ramen noodles into the pot. Cook your noodles for five more minutes.

Begin assembling the dish with the ramen noodles in the broth. Place your
chicken and soft-boiled eggs on top of the ramen and veggies.

## How to Store the Easy Chicken Ramen

Store your Easy Chicken Ramen in a large food container with a lid. You can
keep it refrigerated for up to five days, reheating it in the microwave or on
the stovetop when you want to have another bowl of it. You can store your
ramen in the freezer for up to three months to save it a bit longer.

  *   * 

## Easy Chicken Ramen

Easy chicken ramen packed with noodles, chicken, bok choy, mushrooms, and the
classic soft boiled egg and cooked in a fragrant broth. This easy chicken
ramen is an elevated version of the chicken ramen we all had growing up!

4.75 from 4 votes

Print Pin Rate

Prep Time: 15 minutes

Cook Time: 30 minutes

Servings: 2 people

Calories: 489kcal

### Ingredients

####  **For the Chicken Marinade**

  * 2 boneless & skinless chicken breasts
  * 1 tbsp   chili garlic sauce
  * 1 tbsp   oil
  * 1 tbsp  brown sugar
  * 1 tsp  ground pepper
  * Salt to taste

####  **To make ramen**

  * 2 tsbp  oil
  * 1 tsp  ginger, grated
  * 1 tbsp  garlic, minced
  * 1/2 tbsp   Worcestershire sauce
  * 1 tbsp   lite soy sauce
  * 2 tbsp  rice vinegar
  * 1/2 tsp   ground pepper
  * Salt to taste
  * 4 cups  chicken broth
  * 1 cup  shiitake mushroom, sliced
  * 1 Bok choy
  * 2 packs   ramen noodles
  * 2 eggs
  * 2 tbsp  spring onions, chopped 
  * 1 tsp  sesame seeds, for garnish

### Instructions

  * In a medium bowl add the chicken breasts, combine chili garlic sauce, oil, brown sugar, ground pepper, and salt. Coat the chicken well and marinate for at least 1 hour.

  * Heat a skillet and cook the marinated chicken breasts for 12-14 minutes until the chicken is completely cooked. Once done remove the chicken to a cutting board and slice and keep it aside.

  * Heat about 4qt water on a saucepan and cook the eggs for 7-8 minutes. Remove the shell and cut the soft boiled eggs lengthwise and keep them aside for later use.

  * For the ramen; heat a large pot with oil. Add garlic and ginger and cook for 2 minutes. Add in the Worcestershire sauce, lite soy sauce, rice vinegar, pepper, salt, and chicken broth and allow to boil.

  *  Add the sliced mushrooms and bok choy. Cover and cook for 5-7 minutes. Add the ramen noodles and cook for 5 more minutes.

  * To serve, assemble the ramen noodles along with the broth and veggies. Add the sliced chicken breasts and soft boiled eggs on top. Garnish with scallions and sesame seeds and serve.

### Nutrition

Serving: 1serving | Calories: 489kcal | Carbohydrates: 34g | Protein: 50g |
Fat: 20g | Saturated Fat: 4g | Trans Fat: 1g | Cholesterol: 236mg | Sodium:
938mg | Potassium: 2421mg | Fiber: 8g | Sugar: 15g | Vitamin A: 19120IU |
Vitamin C: 198mg | Calcium: 534mg | Iron: 7mg

Tried this recipe?Mention @gimmedelicious or tag #gimmedelicious!

_This post may contain affiliate links, which help keep the content free. Full
Disclosure policy can be foundhere. _

#### Bonus!

##### 5 Secrets to Fast & Delicious Cooking

Tips, tricks & recipes to make it easy

« Previous Post

Newer Post »

  * Pin685
  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Yummly
  * Email

Filed Under: Dinner Tagged With: Asian, Chicken, Ramen

### Comments

  1. Tony says

at 10:04 pm

Delicious.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

#### Latest Recipes

## Baked Orange Chicken

## Keto Green Smoothie

## Healthy Oatmeal Banana Bread

## Creamy Roasted Cauliflower Soup

## How To Make Oat Flour

## Homemade Nacho Cheese Fries

## Roasted Butternut Squash Soup

## Cheesy Loaded Green Bean Casserole

#### Meal Prep Ideas

## Meal-Prep Shrimp Burrito Bowls

## Roasted Sausage, Veggies and Quinoa Meal-Prep

## Meal-Prep Butter Chicken with Rice and Garlic Naan

## Falafel Hummus and Salad Meal-Prep Bento Boxes

More from Category

#### Current Favorites

## Creamy Chicken Tortilla Soup

## 30 Minute Broccoli Cheddar Soup

## Creamy Taco Soup (Low Carb/Keto)

## Instant Pot Beef Stew

More from Category

#### fav picks.

Instant Vortex 4-in-1 Air Fryer

Glass Meal Prep Containers

Reusable Food Storage Bags

Enameled Cast Iron Skillet

#### what's for dinner?

  * Tacos
  * Chicken Breast
  * Foil Pack
  * Low Carb/Keto

## Easy 20 Minute Chicken Tacos

## Spicy Shrimp Taco Lettuce Wraps

## Spicy Shrimp Tacos with Creamy Sriracha Sauce & Cilantro Lime Slaw

## Chicken and Avocado Tacos with Creamy Cilantro Sauce

## Crispy Mozzarella Parmesan Crusted Chicken

## Jalapeno Popper Stuffed Chicken

## Broccoli Stuffed Chicken (low-carb, Keto)

## Cream Cheese Spinach Stuffed Chicken (Low-carb, Keto)

## Foil Pack Cajun Chicken and Veggies

## Garlic Shrimp and Veggie Foil Packs

## Foil Pack Chicken Rice and Broccoli

## Foil Pack Garlic Steak, Potatoes & Veggies

## Keto Pancakes (Light & Fluffy)

## Keto Pumpkin Cream Cheese Muffins

## Keto Cinnamon Rolls {Soft & Fluffy!}

## Low Carb Zucchini Fritters

#### Bonus!

##### 5 Secrets to Fast & Delicious Cooking

Tips, tricks & recipes to make it easy

  
  

#### About

  * Contact
  * WORK WITH US
  * Privacy Policy
  * Recipe Box

#### Favorites

  * Healthy
  * Keto
  * 15-minute meals
  * One pan

#### Recipes

  * Appetizers
  * Main Dish
  * Dessert
  * Salads

  *   *   *   *   * 

Copyright ©2022, Gimme Delicious. Privacy Policy / Disclosure Policy

Design by Pixel Me Designs

  * 685
  *   *   * 

