https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/263054/chicken-ramen-bowl/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Soups, Stews and Chili Recipes
  4. Soup Recipes
  5. Noodle Soup Recipes
  6. Chicken Ramen Bowl

# Chicken Ramen Bowl

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.3

42 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 28 
  * 4 star values: 7 
  * 3 star values: 4 
  * 2 star values: 1 
  * 1 star values: 2 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 42 Ratings 
  * 33 Reviews 
  * 19 Photos 

The holiday hoopla is over and I'm setting my sights on eating whole. Ramen
has been all the rage and I've been dying to try this at home. I never skimp
on flavor even when I'm eating light. This dish is a total flavor bomb, filled
with a rich broth, tender meat, and noodles, topped with a 7-minute egg - my
new favorite thing in the world. My family went nuts for this; it's complex,
easy, and satisfying. You don't have to make the egg, but I think it's so
worth it.

Recipe by Tonja Engen

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Chicken Ramen Bowl

Add Photo

Chicken Ramen Bowl Allrecipes Member

Chicken Ramen Bowl MMMICHELLE

Chicken Ramen Bowl CAROL S

Chicken Ramen Bowl Ruby

\+ 15 15 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

20 mins

cook:

40 mins

total:

1 hr

Servings:

4

Yield:

4 servings

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

4

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 4 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1 medium onion, thinly sliced 
  * 3 cloves garlic, minced 
  * 1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger 
  * ½ cup rice vinegar, or to taste 
  * ½ cup reduced-sodium soy sauce 
  * 2 tablespoons oyster sauce 
  * 2 tablespoons mirin 
  * 1 tablespoon fish sauce 
  * 1 tablespoon sriracha sauce 
  * 4 cups low-sodium chicken broth 
  * 1 cup water 
  * 1 cooked chicken breasts, shredded 
  * ¾ pound baby bok choy, quartered lengthwise 
  * 3 (3 ounce) packages dried ramen noodles 
  * 1 tablespoon vegetable oil 
  * 4 eggs 
  * 1 jalapeno pepper, sliced, or to taste 
  * 2 green onions, chopped, or to taste 
  * ¼ cup chopped cilantro, or to taste 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Heat a Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Add onion and saute until starting to
soften, about 5 minutes. Add garlic and ginger; cook about 30 seconds more.
Add rice vinegar, soy sauce, oyster sauce, mirin, fish sauce, and sriracha
sauce; stir to combine. Add chicken broth and water and bring to a boil.
Reduce heat and simmer about 5 minutes. Add chicken and bok choy; simmer
gently until bok choy is just tender, about 2 minutes.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Fill a large pot with lightly salted water and bring to a rolling boil. Add
ramen noodles and return to a boil. Cook, uncovered, stirring occasionally,
until noodles are tender yet firm to the bite, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain and
drizzle with vegetable oil to prevent sticking.

  * Step 3

While ramen is cooking, fill a pot with enough water to cover the eggs and
bring to a boil. Gently lower eggs into the boiling water and cook until yolks
are barely set, about 7 minutes.

  * Step 4

Fill a large bowl with ice water. Transfer soft boiled eggs to the ice bath to
stop the cooking process; let sit about 3 minutes. Drain eggs, carefully peel
away shells, and slice in half.

  * Step 5

Divide ramen between 4 bowls. Add broth. Top each with jalapeno, green onions,
cilantro, and soft boiled egg. Serve immediately.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

268 calories; protein 21g; carbohydrates 18.9g; fat 11.7g; cholesterol
208.4mg; sodium 2031.9mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (33)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Jessica

Rating: 5 stars

04/09/2018

I would absolutely make this again. I loved it.

Read More

Helpful (3)

### Most helpful critical review

JMHughes

Rating: 3 stars

02/18/2021

The rice vinegar needs to be omitted IMO. I used this recipe instead of my
usual and I didn’t like it as much.

Read More

Helpful (0)

42 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 28 
  * 4 star values: 7 
  * 3 star values: 4 
  * 2 star values: 1 
  * 1 star values: 2 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Jessica

Rating: 5 stars

04/09/2018

I would absolutely make this again. I loved it.

Tracey Ferrari Posner

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

04/20/2019

We really enjoyed this recipe. We had bok choy last night in a dish and since
It's not my husband's favorite vegetable, I used fresh spinach and sliced
celery instead. I like the combination of leafy and crunchy that using bok
choy gives to a dish. I also cut a carrot into matchstick just to give it some
color. I made the broth as written and it was amazing. I'm not a huge fan of
soft boiled eggs so I decided to top mine off with a poached egg instead.
AWESOME! I will definitely be making this one again.

annabeack

Rating: 5 stars

11/12/2018

Overall, very good! Tasted just like the broth from the local joint I visited
a few weeks ago. A couple of notes from my preparation: 1. I tried the broth
before adding 2 ramen pork seasoning packets and it was great, but I added the
packets for an extra “authentic” boost and helped to take the flavor to the
next level. 2. I did end up adding 2 additional cups of water after adding the
bok choy because it was very salty. I am assuming that it was most likely due
to the salt content of the brands I used. It did not take any flavor away but
made it more subtle.

Dodi

Rating: 5 stars

02/27/2019

Yum!!!!! I did not have mirin or jalapeños, so I skipped them. I did not have
bok choy, so I used a frozen mixture of kale, spinach and swiss chard. And I
used leftover Thanksgiving turkey. I only had ground ginger. Also, I added
sliced baby bella mushrooms and a diced yellow pepper. These minor changes and
it was still great! I think I would prefer bok choy and chicken in the future,
but this seems to be a recipe that is adjustable based on your taste
preference and whatever you have in your house.

Charlie Huenemann

Rating: 4 stars

12/31/2018

Very good. I'll make it again, but half the vinegar and soy sauce.

Johnny Turbo

Rating: 5 stars

04/08/2019

I used dashi no moto instead of oyster sauce. It was very good and came
together quickly.

Elizabeth Christensen

Rating: 5 stars

12/10/2018

Whole family loved it

jimielee

Rating: 5 stars

03/05/2019

This was the first time I attempted making ramen. I followed the recipe
exactly and it was fantastic! I added julienned carrots just to add extra
color. Will definitely be making this often.

MMMICHELLE

Rating: 5 stars

04/11/2022

The broth was exceptional! Added stir-fried broccoli, cauliflower and tofu to
the mix! We loved it—especially my 9 year old!! Thanks so much!

Monica B

Rating: 5 stars

04/20/2021

So my experience with Ramen is out of a packet so this was a big step for me!
Really tasty! Might even get super fancy next time and make it in a bread
bowl! Or...a pepper bowl? Stuffed pepper with ramen?

JMHughes

Rating: 3 stars

02/18/2021

The rice vinegar needs to be omitted IMO. I used this recipe instead of my
usual and I didn’t like it as much.

Grouser6707

Rating: 4 stars

11/24/2019

Used spaghetti as never had noodles

Carie Gonyo-Johnson

Rating: 5 stars

08/07/2018

Broth is perfect. Soft boiled eggs perfect at 7 min. Noodles kept separate is
the way to go. Will absolutely make again. Thanks!

CAROL S

Rating: 5 stars

07/23/2021

This makes a delicious broth! I had to substitute worcestershire sauce for the
fish sauce and hoisin sauce for the oyster sauce because that's what we had on
hand. My daughter liked it so much she asked that this be made for dinner
every week. I topped it with cilantro and seaweed as a garnish and for extra
flavor. Easy and flavorful and fun!

Ruby

Rating: 5 stars

05/07/2021

Had to make substitutions based on what was in the house (broccoli & celery
instead of bok choy for example) but I thought it came out great.

sigurd

Rating: 5 stars

05/27/2021

cant find mirin anywhere but its delicious without it too. thanks

ashleymac

Rating: 5 stars

10/16/2020

Made exactly as written and it was absolutely delicious. I agree with other
reviewers that you could do with half the amount of soy, but would keep
everything else the same. Mirin is a must! It really adds to the flavour.

Gina Lester

Rating: 1 stars

07/12/2020

Too much sodium!

Kelsey Michaela

Rating: 5 stars

03/08/2020

WOW!!! I had a craving for a ramen bowl so I decided to make it at home
instead of going out and I was pleasantly surprised and over full. I halved
the rice vinegar and soy sauce at the recommendation of other reviews and it
was perfect. I also added some kimchi as a topping and a braised egg. The
family couldn't get enough!

blackhighheels

Rating: 5 stars

10/05/2020

I love this ramen. I've made it three times now and love it more every time.

Sarah Baker

Rating: 4 stars

07/01/2018

Enjoyed this dish. Love the soft boiled egg.

Muguet Bradbury

Rating: 4 stars

12/25/2019

My daughter and I made it. I used Riesling instead of Mirin because I had it
on hand. I really liked it. We also didn’t get the baby boo Chou but it was
fine. Very tasty.

Katy

Rating: 5 stars

11/20/2019

Made with a low sodium vegetable broth for a vegetarian twist! Added squeeze
of lime which help cut the salt. Really enjoyed it and would make again!!

diaperchange

Rating: 5 stars

10/02/2019

I halved the rice vinegar and soy sauce as others suggested. We loved this
meal.

Julie Feser

Rating: 5 stars

03/02/2020

My family loved it. I would definitely make it again!!!

Lisa Marqueling Selby

Rating: 5 stars

08/28/2018

delicious!!

Peggy

Rating: 4 stars

12/31/2018

The broth is very good.

Daniela Pérez Rodríguez

Rating: 4 stars

03/22/2019

Great recipe, Next timeI think I will use less a rice vinegar. I used 1/2 cup
and it got too acid to my taste.

Maggie Stryjewska-Kara

Rating: 5 stars

02/22/2019

The broth came out absolutely delicious! My son and I cannot get enough of it!

Keith Wilson

Rating: 2 stars

03/14/2022

Will not make again! Nothing like what it would taste like.....In all fairness
I used Bok Choy, not baby Bok Choy but the flavor was not what I was
expecting.

Danielle

Rating: 1 stars

03/10/2021

This was not a hit with my family. I think the vinegar was too much! I would
omit the vinegar completely.

Mom24boys

Rating: 3 stars

03/07/2021

It was actually very good but I had to adjust at the end. The broth was just
too strong - it could have been the brand of soy sauce we use - I added double
the water and broth and it was still sort of strong. I will use the recipe
again but keep in mind the strength of flavor! For vegetables we used a greens
blend that was on hand, jalapenos & green onions. Gluten free son used rice
noodles and the rest of us used the ramen noodles he leaves behind when he
steals the flavor packs to use.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

07/08/2022

I listened to other recipes and did not use 1/2 c of rice vinegar. I used 1
tbsp. Perfection! Kids don’t like soft boiled eggs so hard it was. Even the
picky 4 year old loved it. Winner!!!

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Chicken Ramen Bowl

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Chicken Ramen Bowl

##  All Reviews for Chicken Ramen Bowl

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Chicken Ramen Bowl

Servings Per Recipe: 4  
Calories: 268.3  

% Daily Value *

protein:  21g  42 %

carbohydrates:  18.9g  6 %

dietary fiber:  2.5g  10 %

sugars:  6.7g

fat:  11.7g  18 %

saturated fat:  3.2g  16 %

cholesterol:  208.4mg  70 %

vitamin a iu:  4476.6IU  90 %

niacin equivalents:  8.2mg  63 %

vitamin b6:  0.5mg  33 %

vitamin c:  45.3mg  76 %

folate:  102.3mcg  26 %

calcium:  151mg  15 %

iron:  3mg  17 %

magnesium:  55.8mg  20 %

potassium:  517.6mg  15 %

sodium:  2031.9mg  81 %

thiamin:  0.1mg  12 %

calories from fat:  104.9

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Chicken Ramen Bowl

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 33

Chicken Ramen Bowl

1 of 19 Chicken Ramen Bowl

Allrecipes Member

Chicken Ramen Bowl

2 of 19 Chicken Ramen Bowl

MMMICHELLE

Chicken Ramen Bowl

3 of 19 Chicken Ramen Bowl

CAROL S

Chicken Ramen Bowl

4 of 19 Chicken Ramen Bowl

Ruby

Chicken Ramen Bowl

5 of 19 Chicken Ramen Bowl

Leonard Brothers

Chicken Ramen Bowl

6 of 19 Chicken Ramen Bowl

Doreen

Chicken Ramen Bowl

7 of 19 Chicken Ramen Bowl

Florence

Chicken Ramen Bowl

8 of 19 Chicken Ramen Bowl

Kelsey Michaela

Chicken Ramen Bowl

9 of 19 Chicken Ramen Bowl

Katy

Chicken Ramen Bowl

10 of 19 Chicken Ramen Bowl

Tracey Ferrari Posner

Chicken Ramen Bowl

11 of 19 Chicken Ramen Bowl

Daniela Pérez Rodríguez

Chicken Ramen Bowl

12 of 19 Chicken Ramen Bowl

jimielee

Chicken Ramen Bowl

13 of 19 Chicken Ramen Bowl

Maggie Stryjewska-Kara

Chicken Ramen Bowl

14 of 19 Chicken Ramen Bowl

Carie Gonyo-Johnson

Chicken Ramen Bowl

15 of 19 Chicken Ramen Bowl

Simonese

Chicken Ramen Bowl

16 of 19 Chicken Ramen Bowl

Tonja Engen

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Chicken Ramen Bowl to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Chicken Ramen Bowl

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

