https://www.chilipeppermadness.com/recipes/chicken-ramen/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  *     * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * Twitter
    * YouTube

  * About
  * Cookbooks
  * Shop
  * Search

  * Recipe Index
  * RECIPES BY TYPE
    * BBQ/Grilled
    * Burgers
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chili
    * Curry
    * Dehydrator
    * Game Day
    * Hot Sauces
    * Jalapeno Poppers
    * Marinades
    * Pickling
    * Preserving
    * Quick and Easy
    * Salsas
    * Sauces
    * Seasonings
    * Stuffed Peppers
    * Tacos
  * COOKING TIPS
  * Pepper Info
    * Chili Pepper Types
    * The Scoville Scale
    * Hottest Peppers in the World
    * Growing Chili Peppers
    * Preserving
    * Health Benefits
    * Frequently Asked Questions
    * Buy Plants & Seeds

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * Recipe Index
  * All Recipes
  * Pepper Info
  * Chili Pepper Types
  * The Scoville Scale
  * Growing Chili Peppers
  * Preserving
  * Chili Pepper Health Benefits
  * Frequently Asked Questions
  * Cooking Tips
  * Cookbooks
  * Shop
  * About Us

×

Home » Chicken Ramen Recipe

# Chicken Ramen Recipe

by Mike Hultquist · Sep 22, 2021 · 6 Comments

Jump to Recipe

  *   *   *   *   * 

_This spicy chicken ramen recipe is easy-to-make comfort food, so much better
than store bought ramen, with lots of chicken, noodles and veggies in a
piquant broth. One of our favorites!_

It's time for **Spicy Chicken Ramen** , my friends! Are you a fan of ramen
noodles? Ramen is a traditional Japanese noodle soup filled with noodles,
meats and vegetables served in a highly flavored broth.

Unfortunately, ramen has been treated more as a fast food or even junk food in
American and elsewhere in the world, more of a staple meal for hungry college
students and people on the go.

While it is undeniably comfort food, it is in reality a wonderful dish easy to
elevate with proper ingredients and customize to your own level of spiciness.

So forget the store bought packets of ramen noodles and make it my way.
Nothing beats a homemade chicken ramen. I season my ramen broth with lots of
great flavors for an easy chicken ramen that is still done in 30 minutes or
less, yet far superior to grocery store fare.

I love this recipe. It's definitely one of our favorites.

**Let's talk about how to make chicken ramen, shall we?**

## Chicken Ramen Ingredients

  * **FOR THE CHICKEN RAMEN BROTH**
  * **Chicken Broth.** Or use vegetable broth or chicken stock.
  * Serrano Peppers. For some extra heat and spiciness. You can omit, or use jalapeno peppers for milder heat.
  * **Garlic.**
  * **Ginger.**
  * **Gochujang.** Gochujang is a spicy Korean fermented chili paste. For milder ramen, use miso paste.
  * **Chili Crisp.** Use hot chili oil as a substitute. The chili crisp is great to get those extra crispy bits and also heat. Try my homemade chili crisp recipe.
  * **Soy Sauce.  **
  * **Sesame Oil.  **
  * **Sambel Oelek.** 1 teaspoon sambal oelek, or use chili-garlic sauce as a good substitute. You can add in more if you'd like.
  * **Rice Wine Vinegar.**
  * **Sriracha.** Or you can use your favorite hot sauce.
  * **FOR THE CHICKEN RAMEN**
  * **Boneless Chicken.** Use chicken breast or chicken thighs.
  * **Ramen Noodles.** Use wheat noodles, or you can use other egg noodles.
  * **Carrot.**
  * **Shiitake Mushrooms.  **
  * **Salt. To taste**.
  * **EXTRAS**
  * **Soft Boiled Eggs.** Optional. So good in ramen.
  * **Garnish.** Fresh chopped parsley, green onion, spicy chili flakes, extra sliced peppers.

## How to Make Chicken Ramen - the Recipe Method

**MAKE the CHICKEN RAMEN BROTH**

Add the chicken broth to a large pot and heat to medium heat. Add the garlic
and ginger, serrano peppers, gochujang, chili crisp, soy sauce, sesame oil,
sambal oelek, vinegar and sriracha. Stir until everything is completely
incorporated. Bring to a boil.

**CHICKEN and RAMEN NOODLES**

**Poach and Shred the Chicken.** Add the chicken to the ramen broth and reduce
the heat to simmer. Poach the chicken for 10 minutes, or until cooked through.
Remove the chicken and shred it in a bowl with a couple of forks. Set aside
until ready to use.

**Ramen Noodles.** Add the ramen noodles to the broth and cook until the
noodles are softened, about 5 minutes.

**PREP the VEGETABLES**

**The Carrots.** While the chicken is poaching or noodles are cooking, heat a
pan or wok to medium heat and add 1 teaspoon sesame oil. Add the carrots and
stir fry for 2-3 minutes to soften. Set them into a bowl and toss them with a
bit more sesame oil, 1/2 teaspoon rice wine vinegar and a pinch of salt. Set
aside.

**The Mushrooms.** Heat the pan or wok back to medium heat and add the
mushrooms. Stir fry the mushroom slices for 1-2 minutes, to preference. Set
into a bowl and toss with a bit more sesame oil, 1/2 teaspoon rice wine
vinegar and a pinch of salt.

**ASSEMBLE THE CHICKEN RAMEN**

**Noodles and Vegetables.** Remove the ramen noodles from the broth and
distribute to 2 large bowls. Top each with half the chicken, carrots,
mushrooms and sliced soft boiled eggs.

**Broth.** Pour the ramen broth evenly into the bowls.

**Garnish and Serve.** Garnish with fresh chopped parsley, red pepper flakes,
green onion and sliced peppers, sesame seeds if desired. Serve.

**Boom! Done!** Your big bowl of spicy chicken ramen is ready to serve! Looks
so good, doesn't it? I'm ready to dig right into this. Comfort food at its
finest. Such a great recipe. I love a good easy recipe.

## Recipe Tips & Notes

  * **For the Chicken.** Any boneless chicken works for chicken ramen, including chicken breast or chicken thighs. I like to poach my chicken in the ramen broth then shred it. However, you can cook it in a pan when you cook the vegetables instead. Simply season the chicken, pan sear in sesame oil, then slice and serve. Save yourself some time and use shredded rotisserie chicken.
  * **The Heat Factor.** Fairly HOT. I make my chicken ramen SPICY. You can easily dial back on the spicier ingredients, such as gochujang and serrano peppers. If you're looking for even SPICIER ramen, add in some hotter peppers, extra chili flakes, and also more of the hot stuff, like gochujang. 
  * **The Noodles.** Traditional ramen is made with Chinese style wheat noodles. You can often find these in grocery stores near the ramen packages or in the Asian aisle. I buy mine from a local Asian market. I love using thin round wheat noodles. You can also make it with egg noodles. 
  * **Other Seasonings and Flavors.** Ramen is VERY easy to customize with other spices and ingredients. Some popular additions include miso paste, fish sauce, chili sauce, rice vinegar, hot sauce, brown sugar or honey for a touch of sweetness, and more. Use your favorites!
  * **Store Bought Ramen Noodles.** If you have a hard time finding ramen noodles, you can use the noodles that come in the pre-made packages of ramen found in grocery stores, like chicken ramen or beef ramen. Just discard the seasoning packets and build your own. So much better that way!

**That's it, my friends.** I hope you enjoy my chicken ramen recipe. Extra
spicy and easy to customize! Let me know if you make it. I'd love to hear how
you made it your own.

## Try Some of My Other Popular Recipes

  * Spicy Ramen Noodles
  * Miso Ramen
  * Drunken Noodles (Pad Kee Mao)
  * Yakisoba Noodles
  * Dan Dan Noodles
  * Lo Mein Noodles
  * Spicy Teriyaki Shrimp Stir Fry
  * Spicy Shrimp Stir Fry
  * Pork Stir Fry
  * Beef Stir Fry
  * Spicy Stir Fry Sauce
  * Szechuan Chicken
  * Tonkatsu (Japanese Fried Pork Cutlet)

**Got any questions? Ask away!** I'm happy to help. If you enjoy this recipe,
I hope you'll leave a comment with some STARS. Also, please share it on social
media. Don't forget to tag us at #ChiliPepperMadness. I'll be sure to share!
Thanks! -- Mike H.

Print

## Chicken Ramen Recipe

This spicy chicken ramen recipe is easy-to-make comfort food, so much better
than store bought ramen, with lots of chicken, noodles and veggies in a
piquant broth. One of our favorites!

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: American, Japanese

Keyword: chicken, gochujang, noodle bowl, noodles, ramen, spicy

Prep Time: 5 minutes

Cook Time: 15 minutes

Calories: 721kcal

Author: Mike Hultquist

Servings: 2

**Tap or hover to scale**

5 from 2 votes

Leave a Review

### Ingredients

#### FOR THE CHICKEN RAMEN BROTH

  * 5 cups chicken broth or use vegetable broth
  * 2 serrano peppers sliced (use 1 jalapeno for milder)
  * 4 cloves garlic smashed
  * 1 thumb sized knob of fresh ginger peeled and sliced
  * 3 tablespoons gochujang or to taste - I usually use 1/4 cup
  * 1 tablespoon chili crisp or use hot chili oil
  * 1 tablespoon soy sauce or more to taste
  * 1 tablespoon sesame oil
  * 1 teaspoon sambal oelek or use chili-garlic sauce
  * 1 tsp rice wine vinegar
  * Sriracha to taste or use your favorite hot sauce

#### FOR THE CHICKEN RAMEN

  * 6 ounces boneless chicken use chicken breast or chicken thighs
  * 4 ounces ramen noodles
  * 1 large carrot thinly sliced
  * 6 shiitake mushrooms thinly sliced
  * 1 teaspoon sesame oil + more to taste
  * 1 teaspoon rice wine vinegar
  * Salt to taste

#### EXTRAS

  * 2 soft boiled eggs sliced in half
  * Fresh chopped parsley green onion, spicy chili flakes for serving

### Instructions

#### MAKE THE CHICKEN RAMEN BROTH

  * Add the chicken broth to a large pot and heat to medium heat.

  * Stir in serrano peppers, garlic, ginger, gochujang, chili crisp, soy sauce, sesame oil, sambal oelek, vinegar and sriracha. Stir until everything is completely incorporated. Bring to a boil.

#### CHICKEN AND RAMEN NOODLES

  * Add the chicken to the ramen broth and reduce the heat to simmer. Poach the chicken for 10 minutes, or until cooked through.

  * Remove the chicken and shred it in a bowl with a couple of forks. Set aside until ready to use.

  * Add the ramen noodles to the broth and cook until the noodles are softened, about 5 minutes.

#### VEGETABLES

  * While the chicken is poaching or noodles are cooking, heat a pan or wok to medium heat and add 1 teaspoon sesame oil. Add the carrots and stir fry for 2-3 minutes to soften. Set them into a bowl and toss them with a bit more sesame oil, 1/2 teaspoon rice wine vinegar and a pinch of salt. Set aside.

  * Heat the pan or wok back to medium heat and add the mushrooms. Stir fry the mushroom slices for 1-2 minutes, to preference. Set into a bowl and toss with a bit more sesame oil, 1/2 teaspoon rice wine vinegar and a pinch of salt.

#### ASSEMBLE THE CHICKEN RAMEN

  * Remove the ramen noodles from the broth and distribute to 2 large bowls.

  * Top each with half the chicken, carrots, mushrooms and sliced soft boiled eggs.

  * Pour the ramen broth evenly into the bowls.

  * Garnish with fresh chopped parsley, red pepper flakes, green onion and sliced peppers. Serve.

### Nutrition Information

Calories: 721kcal   Carbohydrates: 60g   Protein: 45g   Fat: 36g   Saturated
Fat: 10g   Polyunsaturated Fat: 7g   Monounsaturated Fat: 16g   Trans Fat: 1g
Cholesterol: 239mg   Sodium: 2233mg   Potassium: 1301mg   Fiber: 3g   Sugar:
6g   Vitamin A: 5501IU   Vitamin C: 12mg   Calcium: 102mg   Iron: 5mg

Did You Enjoy This Recipe?I love hearing how you like it and how you made it
your own. Leave a comment below and tag @ChiliPepperMadness on social media.

  *   *   *   *   * 

Categories: Asian Tags: Chili Pepper Madness, chili pepper recipe,
easy/simple/quick recipes, lighter fare and low calorie, low
budget/inexpensive meals, mikes favorites, patty's favorites

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

  1. Vienna Jackson says

November 02, 2021 at 6:29 am

  
This recipe is absolutely delicious! It has become my go-to for homemade
ramen, and the broth is so good that you can mix up the toppings a bit and it
still tastes amazing. I made it again for lunch today, as my roommate kept
begging me to make some, lol.

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

November 02, 2021 at 7:01 am

Nice. Glad you enjoyed it, Vienna.

Reply

  2. Michelle says

October 11, 2021 at 5:25 pm

  
Amazing! The little dash of rice vinegar and sesame oil on the mushrooms and
carrots. Just the right touch! The crispy chili oil! Perfect! We loved it!

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

October 12, 2021 at 6:19 am

Very nice! Thanks, Michelle!

Reply

  3. Bill says

September 22, 2021 at 12:04 pm

I'm a retired bachelor. Your recipe is WAYYYYYYY too complicated/involved for
me. Right now I'm freezing my home-grown chilis and adding to my scrambled
eggs, etc. Either simplify these recipes or address other interested folks...

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

September 22, 2021 at 12:15 pm

Bill, there a TON of other recipes on the site that may or may not suit your
needs. Either use some of those, or don't. This is a food blog for people who
actually enjoy cooking, perhaps not for you. Have a wonderful day.

Reply

## Primary Sidebar

**ALL. SPICY. RECIPES.** Hi, I’m Mike and I LOVE Spicy Food! Say goodbye to
bland and boring food with my easy-to-follow recipes. Let’s get cooking!

More about me →

Mexican

Cajun

Sauces

Seasonings

### 5 ESSENTIALS FOR SPICY COOKING

Subscribe and receive my FREE email series with tips for spicy cooking and new
Recipes

**AMAZON / BARNES & NOBLE / ** **INDIEBOUND  ** **/  BOOKS A MILLION**

**AMAZON / BARNES & NOBLE / INDIEBOUND**

### Most Popular Recipes

  * Bang Bang Chicken

  * Creamy Fish Taco Sauce

  * Mexican Birria Recipe

  * Homemade Blackening Seasoning

  * Michelada Recipe - Spicy Mexican Beer and Tomato Juice Cocktail

  * Pollo Guisado Recipe (Chicken Stew)

## Footer

## NEVER MISS A RECIPE

Receive my "5 Essentials for Spicy Cooking" email series & new recipes

Search

  *   *   *   *   * 

↑ back to top

About | Contact | Travel-Food | Stories | Privacy | Disclaimer | © 2022 Chili
Pepper Madness

EXCLUSIVE MEMBER OF MEDIAVINE FOOD

