https://tipbuzz.com/chow-mei-fun/


Skip to Main Content

__

____

  * Browse Recipes >>>
  * by Category
    * Snacks
    * Drinks
    * Breakfast
    * Meal Prep
    * 3 Ingredient
    * Slow Cooker
  * by Ingredient
    * Beef
    * Chicken
    * Fish & Seafood
  * Recipe Index
  * Main Dishes
  * Desserts
  * More +
    * Gluten Free
    * Kid Friendly

__ __ __ __ __ __

Pinterest Instagram Facebook YouTube Twitter

__

  * Browse Recipes >>>
  * by Category
    * Snacks
    * Drinks
    * Breakfast
    * Meal Prep
    * 3 Ingredient
    * Slow Cooker
  * by Ingredient
    * Beef
    * Chicken
    * Fish & Seafood
  * Recipe Index
  * Main Dishes
  * Desserts
  * More +
    * Gluten Free
    * Kid Friendly

# Singapore Chow Mei Fun

Jump to Recipe

8 Comments »

This post may contain affiliate links. Please read the disclosure policy.

_Singapore Chow Mei Fun is a delicious stir fry of thin rice noodles combined
with pork and vegetables along with some shrimp or chicken. Curry powder adds
a bright yellow color and some mild heat to this favorite Chinese dish!_

When I used to live in Hong Kong, going out for Singapore noodles with friends
was a ritual. You could find them on most restaurant menus and they were
comfort food with thin noodles, pork, veggies and shrimp.

In spite of the name, this dish is nowhere to be found in Singapore! It's a
classic Cantonese dish that borrows curry powder seasoning in a nod to South
Asian cuisine.

You've probably had it at your local Chinese restaurant, but it's actually
easy to make restaurant-quality Singapore chow mei fun yourself. Fresher and
healthier than takeout, it's ready in just 20 minutes!

## **Ingredients**

The ingredients for chow mei fun usually warrant a visit to an Asian grocery
store for a one-stop shop. Here’s what you’ll need:

  * **Rice Noodles (mei fun):** These rice vermicelli are available in any Asian grocery store or online. They’re made with just rice and water, so are usually gluten-free.
  * **Vegetables:** Carrots, cabbage and onions are traditional choices, although bell peppers and others will work too.
  * **Chinese barbecue pork (char siu):** Authentic chow mei fun uses fresh barbecue pork from any Chinese deli or restaurant. It’s roasted pork with a delicate smoky and sweet flavor. If you can’t find any, try hard Chinese sausage (lop cheung) instead.
  * **Shrimp:** Use large or jumbo shrimp sizes that are peeled, deveined and tail-off. Make sure they’re thawed fully if frozen.

  * **Dried red chili peppers (optional):** These are your common red cayenne peppers, and you can use red pepper flakes if you prefer.
  * **Eggs:** Beaten eggs are often, but not always, used in this dish, so consider them optional.
  * **Curry powder:** This is the common, widely available spice.
  * **Shaoxing wine:** The Chinese cooking wine available at Asian grocery stores or online. Sherry or cooking sherry is a good substitute, as is rice wine vinegar.
  * **Soy sauce:** A decent low-sodium product like Kikkoman or San-J is recommended.
  * **Asian sesame oil:** This is toasted sesame oil with a caramel color available from Asian grocery stores or online.
  * **Green onions:** Fresh green onion (scallions) are an important garnish towards the end of cooking both for color and flavor.

## **How to Make Chow Mei Fun**

Start by soaking the rice noodles in hot or cold water for about 10 minutes
until al dente, following the package directions. They don't need to be boiled
like spaghetti, as it would make them turn mushy.

During the soaking period, get the other ingredients ready. Set aside the
shrimp and thaw if needed. You can chop up the pork and vegetables and also
beat the eggs if you’re using them. It’s also a good idea to measure the
amounts of curry powder, Shaoxing wine, soy sauce and sesame oil to make stir
frying easier.

Now you're ready to stir fry. Place a wok or large nonstick skillet over
medium-high heat. When hot, add a tablespoon of oil and fry the pork and
shrimp for one minute and then remove to a plate. Add the vegetables and red
peppers to the pan and fry for 3-4 minutes until tender, stirring with a
wooden spoon.

Now’s the time to add the optional beaten eggs. Make space in the middle of
the pan by pushing the vegetables to the side. Pour in the eggs and scramble
them by scraping the bottom of the pan for about one minute.

The final step is to combine everything together with the seasonings. Drain
the noodles and add to the pan. Add back the pork and shrimp. Add the curry
powder, Shaoxing wine, soy sauce. Now toss continuously to combine for about a
minute. The noodles should be turning yellow. Add the green onions and sesame
oil and give everything a final toss before serving.

## **What is Chow Mei Fun?**

Chow Mei Fun (also called _Chow Mai Fun_ ) translates from Cantonese as fried
rice vermicelli noodles. Made with rice and water, the rice noodles are soaked
in hot water to soften before being stir-fried with barbecue pork, eggs,
vegetables and sometimes shrimp or chicken.

The name Singapore noodles is actually a misnomer, as this dish comes from
Hong Kong and does _not_ exist in Singapore! However, the curry powder
seasoning imparts a taste and yellow color in a nod to South Asian cuisines.

## **Chow Fun vs Mei Fun**

Mei Fun are thin and round rice vermicelli noodles commonly used in China and
across South Asia. In contrast, chow fun are flat and wide rice noodles (the
shape of pappardelle), so quite different.

Other noodles like chow mein and lo mein are egg noodles made with wheat
flour. They’re not a great substitute for mei fun but work in a pinch.

## Can I make it with Chicken?

Yes, chicken chow mei fun is a popular variation. Just slice one boneless
chicken breast or two thighs into thin strips and use instead of the shrimp in
the recipe.

## **What to Serve with Chow Mei Fun:**

  * _Garlic Bok Choy_
  * Mongolian Beef
  * _Sweet and Sour C_ _hicken_

View all Asian dishes

## **More Asian noodle recipes:**

  * Chicken Chow Mein
  * Garlic Beef Lo Mein
  * Shrimp Pad Thai

Print

5 from 3 votes

Leave a review »

## Singapore Chow Mei Fun

An authentic Cantonese dish made with thin rice noodles, vegetables and
barbecue pork along with either shrimp or chicken. Ready in 20 minutes!

Prep Time: 10 mins

Cook Time: 10 mins

Total Time: 20 mins

Servings: 4 servings

### Ingredients

1x2x3x

#### Noodles

  * ▢ 6 oz rice vermicelli noodles, 2 ½ cups after soaking
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon vegetable oil
  * ▢ ¼ pound Chinese bbq pork, or Chinese sausage, chopped (1/2 cup)
  * ▢ ½ pound large shrimp, peeled and tail off
  * ▢ 2 cups Napa cabbage, shredded
  * ▢ 1 carrot, cut into matchsticks
  * ▢ 1 small yellow onion, sliced thin
  * ▢ 2 dried red chili peppers, optional, or ½ teaspoon red pepper flakes
  * ▢ 2 large eggs, lightly beaten (optional)

#### Seasonings

  * ▢ 1 tablespoon curry powder
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Shaoxing wine, or cooking sherry or rice wine vinegar
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon soy sauce, low sodium recommended
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon Asian sesame oil
  * ▢ salt, and freshly ground white pepper to taste
  * ▢ 2 green onions, chopped

### Instructions

  * Add the rice noodles to a medium bowl and pour hot water on top to cover. Soak for 10 minutes until al dente or as specified on the package directions. Meanwhile, prepare the other ingredients.

  * Drain the noodles. Cut several times with scissors into roughly into 6-inch lengths and set aside.

  * Place a wok or large skillet over medium-high heat. When hot, add the oil, pork and shrimp. Stir fry for one minute using a wooden spoon. Then remove to a plate.

  * Add the cabbage, carrot, red onion and chili peppers to the pan. Sauté for 3-4 minutes or until tender.

  *  _Optional:_ Make space in the middle of the pan by pushing the vegetables to the edge. Then pour the beaten eggs into the middle and scramble them, scraping the bottom of the pan to prevent sticking.

  * Mix in the curry powder, wine and soy sauce. Then add back the noodles and toss until they absorb the yellow color.

  * Drizzle the sesame oil on top and add the green onions. Toss several times more and taste. Add salt and pepper if needed and serve immediately.

### Notes

  * _Chicken chow mei fun:_ Instead of the shrimp, thinly slice one boneless skinless chicken breast or two boneless skinless chicken thighs.
  * _Beef chow mei fun:_ Use 4 oz of thinly sliced flank steak, top sirloin or a similar cut. Marinate in 1 tbsp soy sauce for 10 minutes and use in place of the shrimp.
  * _Make it gluten-free:_ Use gluten-free soy sauce or coconut aminos. Rice noodles are normally gluten-free but check the package details.

Nutrition Facts

Singapore Chow Mei Fun

Amount Per Serving (8 oz)

**Calories** 415 Calories from Fat 126

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 14g **22%**

Saturated Fat 6g **30%**

 **Cholesterol** 269mg **90%**

 **Sodium** 730mg **30%**

 **Potassium** 456mg **13%**

 **Carbohydrates** 47g **16%**

Fiber 3g **12%**

Sugar 6g **7%**

 **Protein** 23g **46%**

**Vitamin A** 2962IU **59%**

 **Vitamin C** 19mg **23%**

 **Calcium** 172mg **17%**

 **Iron** 3mg **17%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Please read our nutrition disclaimer.

Author: TipBuzz

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Chinese

Keyword: chow mai fun, chow mei fun, mei fun, singapore mei fun, singapore
noodles

**Did you make this recipe?** Leave a comment below!

**Recipe tools:**

  * Wok or nonstick skillet
  * Cutting board
  * Chef’s knife

  *   *   * 

**(C) TIPBUZZ**. Images and text on this website are copyright protected.
Please do not post or republish without permission. If you want to republish
this recipe, please link back to this post. _This post may contain affiliate
links. Read the disclosure policyhere._

posted December 29, 2019

Asian Chinese Comfort Food Main Dishes Stove Top

### subscribe to new posts via email:

Subscribe __

_« Previous Post_Oven Baked Haddock

_Next Post »_ _How Long Do Potatoes Last

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Name *

Email *

Δ

###  8 comments on "Singapore Chow Mei Fun"

  1. **noodles** -- May 11, 2022 @ 1:35 pm  Reply

I made this today, and everyone liked it! It was really easy to make and
tasted great. I think I'll put even more curry powder next time. Thank you so
much for this recipe! I love it, and I think I'll try out other recipes on
this website. Great work <3

    * **TipBuzz** -- May 12, 2022 @ 1:09 pm  Reply

Hi there, Great to hear that and thanks for your feedback! Glad you enjoyed
it.

  2. **Mimi2008** -- May 6, 2022 @ 5:04 pm  Reply

I have made this many times and just now thought to post a huge Thank You for
a most awesome recipe! Easy and authentic. 💕

    * **TipBuzz** -- May 11, 2022 @ 9:26 am  Reply

Hi there, Thanks for your comment and glad you enjoyed it!

  3. **Mario Cane** -- January 8, 2022 @ 6:57 pm  Reply

This dish was awesome, I will not order Mei fun from an Asian restaurant
again. This was easy to make and since I don’t eat meat it was easy to swap
out proteins. I also used Just egg for the egg replacement. This will be a
regular meal in my house.

    * **TipBuzz** -- May 17, 2022 @ 1:41 pm  Reply

Hi Mario, Thanks for your comment. It's so true that homemade done right
always beats restaurant fare! Glad you enjoyed.

  4. **wilhelmina** -- March 19, 2020 @ 10:22 pm  Reply

This is a winner with my crew! So easy and turned out so delicious!

    * **TipBuzz** -- April 3, 2020 @ 11:59 am  Reply

Hi Wilhelmina, So great to hear that and thanks for your comment!

### subscribe to new posts via email:

Subscribe __

### Most Popular Recipes

#### Sweet and Sour Chicken

#### Cinnamon Roll Apple Pie Cups

#### 15 Minute Easy Boneless Pork Chops

#### BEST Mississippi Pot Roast

#### Cheesy Taco Pasta

#### Easy Strawberry Jello Cake

More Most Popular Recipes »

### Search Recipes:

__

### As Featured On…

### Get new posts via email:

Subscribe __

  * ^ Back to Top
  * Home
  * About
  * Contact
  * DMCA
  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms of Use

(C)2022 TipBuzz. _Design byPurr._

