https://www.indianhealthyrecipes.com/lemon-pepper-fish/


Skip to content

Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About

Search

Toggle Menu

Search

# Lemon Pepper Fish

Home >> Recipes >> Seafood

Byswasthi

10 Comments

__WhatsApp

 __Share

 __Pin

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

Lemon Pepper Fish is a simple Indian style side dish of pan fried fish,
marinated with lemon juice and spiced with crushed pepper. This dish is simple
to make but really big on flavors! After you make this lemon pepper fish, you
are sure to say "No more bland fish". Serve this as an appetizer or a side
with any meal. It goes well with roasted vegetables, plain rice and **Rasam**
on the side or simply serve it with a bowl of your favorite soup.

* * *

To make this lemon pepper fish, you can use any kind of fish that has a firm
flesh. I have used fresh water fish here. You can also use salmon but it does
not absorb the flavors of spices.

This lemon pepper fish is made in South Indian style with curry leaves and
spices like fennel, red chilli powder, ginger garlic and green chilies. I have
given substitutes that you may easily find to make the dish.

To make this, fish is marinated for a short time with turmeric, red chilli
powder, salt and lemon juice. Later we fry the ginger garlic & green chilies
in little ghee and then the marinated fish is roasted until cooked through.
Lastly we add crushed black pepper, ground fennel and curry leaves.

If you love the South Indian flavors, you will instantly fall in love with
this lemon pepper fish. Add a dash of more lemon juice if you want before
serving.

More **Fish Recipes**  
 **Fish Curry**  
 **Salmon Curry**  
 **Crispy Fish Fry**  
 **Andhra Fish Fry**

Advertisement

## How to Make Lemon Pepper Fish (Stepwise Photos)

1\. Rinse fish well and pat dry completely with kitchen tissues. Marinate with
turmeric, chilli powder, little salt and lemon juice. If you have some time,
it can be left aside for 15 mins.

2\. Crush fennel and black pepper. We prefer a fine powder, you can use
coarsely crushed powder.

3\. Heat ghee or oil in a pan. I suggest using a wide pan. I use ghee for this
recipe as it enhances the flavour. Saute ginger garlic paste and green chili
until the raw smell disappears.

4\. Add the fish and fry on a medium heat for 2 to 3 mins.

5\. Turn them and fry on the other side as well for 2 to 3 mins.

Advertisement

6\. Add curry leaves and half of the pepper powder. Continue to fry for 2 more
mins. I had to set aside half of the fish since the pan was crowded. I suggest
using a wide pan if you are using many fish pieces.

7\. Turn them and repeat sprinkling the powder. Fry until the fish is roasted
completely.

Serve lemon pepper fish as a side in a meal with onion wedges. If you want you
may sprinkle more lemon juice.

Advertisement

**Related Recipes**

### Fish fry recipe (...

### Andhra fish fry r...

### Fish Curry Recipe

### Tandoori Fish Tik...

### Amritsari fish re...

### Fish Rice Recipe

## Recipe Card

Advertisement

## Lemon Pepper Fish

Lemon pepper fish is a simple dish when fish is marinated and cooked with
lemon juice, black pepper, garlic and herbs. It is full of flavors and is
great to serve as a side.

Pin Recipe Print Recipe

1x2x3x

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

For best results follow the step-by-step photos above the recipe card

Prep Time15 minutes

Cook Time10 minutes

Total Time25 minutes

Servings3

AuthorSwasthi

### Ingredients (US cup = 240ml )

  * â–¢ 1 lb fish (450 to 500 grams, any firm fish)
  * â–¢ 1 teaspoon black pepper (I used 1Â½ tsp pepper corn)
  * â–¢ Â½ teaspoon fennel seeds / saunf
  * â–¢ 2 sprigs curry leaves (or 10 mint leaves or 2 tablespoons coriander leaves)
  * â–¢ 1 teaspoon ginger garlic paste
  * â–¢ 1 to 2 green chilies slit and chopped (optional)
  * â–¢ 2 tablespoon oil or ghee (ghee tastes best)
  * â–¢ Â½ to Â¾ teaspoon garam masala (optional , or any seasoning)

#### To Marinate

  * â–¢ 1Â½ to 2  tablespoon lemon juice ( 1 lemon)
  * â–¢ Â¼ teaspoon turmeric
  * â–¢ Â½ teaspoon red chilli powder (or chilli flakes)
  * â–¢ Â½ teaspoon salt (adjust to taste)

Advertisement

### Instructions

  * â–¢

Add the fish pieces to a mixing bowl. Pour lemon juice all over and sprinkle
salt, turmeric and red chilli powder. Set this aside for minimum 15 mins.

  * â–¢

Powder together fennel seeds and pepper corn in a small grinder.

#### How to Make Lemon Pepper Fish

  * â–¢

Heat a wide pan with ghee or oil.

  * â–¢

Once it becomes hot, reduce the heat and add ginger garlic paste, green
chilies. Fry until it turns aromatic, for about 60 seconds. Do not burn this.

  * â–¢

Spread the oil well in the pan. Place the fish pieces. Fry them for 2 to 3
mins.

  * â–¢

Turn them to the other side and fry again for another 2 to 3 mins.

  * â–¢

Sprinkle half of the pepper and saunf powder evenly. Add curry leaves.

  * â–¢

Turn them and sprinkle the rest of the powder. Fry until the fish is cooked
through. To test, prick it with a fork at the thickest part, it should flake
easily. The internal temperature should reach 145F or 65C.

  * â–¢

Taste test and add more salt if required. If using garam masala powder you can
sprinkle now. If you want more lemony flavor, add more lemon juice while
serving.

  * â–¢

Lemon pepper fish is ready to serve with roasted veggies or rice, rasam or as
appetizer with soup.

Advertisement

### Notes

  1. If you marinate fish too long, the pieces will break and turn mushy.

Alternative quantities provided in the recipe card are for 1x only, original
recipe.

For best results follow my detailed step-by-step photo instructions and tips
above the recipe card.

### NUTRITION INFO (estimation only)

Nutrition Facts

Lemon Pepper Fish

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 243 Calories from Fat 108

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 12g **18%**

Saturated Fat 2g **13%**

Trans Fat 0.04g

Polyunsaturated Fat 3g

Monounsaturated Fat 7g

 **Cholesterol** 76mg **25%**

 **Sodium** 528mg **23%**

 **Potassium** 490mg **14%**

 **Carbohydrates** 3g **1%**

Fiber 1g **4%**

Sugar 1g **1%**

 **Protein** 31g **62%**

**Vitamin A** 155IU **3%**

 **Vitamin C** 32mg **39%**

 **Calcium** 30mg **3%**

 **Iron** 1mg **6%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Tried this recipe?Mention @SwasthisRecipes or tag #swasthisrecipes!

(C) Swasthi's Recipes

__WhatsApp

 __Share

 __Pin

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

**FOR MORE RECIPES**

Please leave this field empty

Enter & Confirm eMail ID for Swasthi's Recipes Newsletter *

Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.

  

## Post navigation

Previous Previous

Moong Dal Ladoo

NextContinue

Aval Laddu (Poha Ladoo)

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

10 Comments

__Inline Feedbacks

View all comments

Evans

Nice recipe.Looks so yummy.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Evans

Thank you!

Reply

Advertisement

Ranen

I have not yet tried but I think it is easy. One question what is meant for
fennel seeds.Thanks!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Ranen

Fennel seeds add a unique aroma

Reply

Carolyn bernard

I just love all yr recipies. All very easy and tasty lovely aroma. Now going
to try yr fish recipie.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Carolyn bernard

Hi Carolyn,  
Thank you! Hope you enjoy the pepper fish!  
ðŸ™‚

Reply

kash

Which fish best suits this recipe???

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   kash

You can use any kind of fish including salmon

Reply

Gauri

ur chilli chicken recipie was just fab! â˜ºâ˜º??

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Gauri

Thanks Gauri

Reply

Advertisement

Advertisement

(C) 2022 Swasthi's Recipes

Insert

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Popular RecipesExpand child menuExpand

    * Matar Paneer
    * Butter Chicken
    * Chana Masala
    * Dal Makhani
    * Gobi Manchurian
    * Chicken Tikka Masala
  * SocialExpand child menuExpand

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Twitter
    * Pinterest
    * Youtube

Toggle Menu Close

Search for:

Search

