https://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/lamb-chops-sizzled-garlic


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Recipes & Cooking
  * Drinks
  * Travel
  * Holidays + Events
  * News
  * F&W; Classic
  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Subscribe  Subscribe

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore Food & Wine

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * F&W Cooks

####  F&W; Cooks

Food and Wine presents a new network of food pros delivering the most cookable
recipes and delicious ideas online.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

####  Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

Looking to amp up your beef stew but unsure where to start? A slow cooker can
can take your comfort food to the next level.  Read More

    * 50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

####  50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

We’ve assembled a list of 50 of the world’s most reliable, inexpensive wines –
bottles that offer amazing quality for their price year in and year out.  Read
More

  * Recipes & Cooking

### Recipes & Cooking

See All Recipes & Cooking

    * Chicken
    * Comfort Food
    * Breakfast + Brunch
    * Salads
    * Desserts
    * Vegetables
    * Pasta + Noodles
    * Chefs
    * Meat + Poultry
    * Soup
    * Appetizers
    * Side Dishes
    * Fruits
    * Seafood
    * Special Diets
    * Cooking Techniques
    * Steal This Trick

  * Drinks

### Drinks

See All Drinks

    * Wine
    * Spirits
    * Coffee
    * Juices
    * Beer
    * Champagne + Sparkling Wine
    * Tea

  * Travel

### Travel

See All Travel

    * Wine Regions
    * Restaurants

  * Holidays + Events

### Holidays + Events

See All Holidays + Events

    * Valentine's Day
    * Halloween
    * Passover
    * Hanukkah
    * Christmas
    * Gifts
    * Super Bowl
    * Easter
    * Thanksgiving
    * New Year's Eve
    * Holiday Entertaining

  * News
  * F&W; Classic

### F&W; Classic

See All F&W; Classic

    * F&W; Classic Insider
    * Food & Wine Classic in Aspen

  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Subscribe  this link opens in a new tab

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Meat + Poultry
  3. Lamb
  4. Lamb Chop
  5. Lamb Chops Sizzled with Garlic

# Lamb Chops Sizzled with Garlic

Rating: 5 stars

2097 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 2089 
  * 4 star values: 3 
  * 3 star values: 3 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 2 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 2,097 Ratings 
  * 46 Reviews 

If you've never cooked lamb chops, you might be intimidated trying to figure
out how to cook lamb chops. But don't be. This easy garlic lamb chop recipe
comes together in under a half hour, complete with a pan sauce. The sizzled
garlic cuts through the richness of the lamb, and pairs perfectly with lemon
and parsley in the sauce. **Related:**More Lamb Recipes

By Janet Mendel

February 2005

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Read the full recipe after the video.

## Recipe Summary

active:

10 mins

total:

20 mins

Yield:

4

Garlic lamb chops with side salad

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * 8 1/2-inch-thick lamb loin chops (about 2 pounds fatty tips trimmed) 
  * Salt and freshly ground pepper 
  * dried thyme 
  * 3 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil 
  * 10 small garlic cloves (halved) 
  * 3 tablespoons water 
  * 2 tablespoons fresh lemon juice 
  * 2 tablespoons minced parsley 
  * crushed red pepper 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Season the lamb with salt and pepper and sprinkle lightly with thyme.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

In a very large skillet, heat the olive oil until shimmering. Add the lamb
chops and garlic and cook over moderately high heat until the chops are
browned on the bottom, about 3 minutes.

  * Step 3

Turn the chops and garlic and cook until the chops are browned, about 2
minutes longer for medium meat. Transfer the chops to plates, leaving the
garlic in the skillet.

  * Step 4

Add the water, lemon juice, parsley and crushed red pepper to the pan and
cook, scraping up any browned bits stuck to the bottom, until sizzling, about
1 minute.

  * Step 5

Pour the garlic and pan sauce over the lamb chops and serve immediately.

##  Suggested Pairing

Robust, dark-fruited California Cabernet: 2018 Turnbull Napa Estate

Advertisement

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews (46)

Add Rating & Review

Sort by:  Newest

Newest Oldest

Angela Ponder

Rating: 4 stars

07/10/2022

Mine took about 10 minutes to pan-fry.

I added salt, pepper, and thyme to the meat and rubbed it in. Then let them
sit as we got the potatoes done.

Heated butter and avocado oil in a pan. Put in smashed/cut-up garlic. Then
added the meat.

That's it. Very easy and we loved it!!

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 5 stars

06/12/2022

Absolutely the best recipe for Lamp Chops

Tara Palladino

Rating: 5 stars

06/12/2022

Did mine in a cast iron skillet. Best recipe I’ve tried yet and so simple to
make. My chops were thicker so I added 1 min to each side. Excellent if adding
veggies to the pan afterwards for the same flavor.

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 5 stars

04/25/2022

This was a very tasty meal. It's a wonderful way to prepare and serve lamb. I
did make a couple of changes to the ingredients because I didn't have
everything to hand when I made it. First I substituted fresh dill for the
minced parsley. That ended up being wonderful with the meat. Secondly, as a
side vegetable, I cooked kale, salting it very slightly. I added a dash of
sriracha BBQ sauce to enliven the kale as it got close to being finished.
Removed the kale from the roasting pan and added a couple tablespoons of water
to dissolve the fond. Then I added the result to the dill / garlic sauce to
complement the hot pepper. Fantastic result!

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 5 stars

01/09/2022

Excellent!! We 1” thick cut chops. Used all the ingredients, turned down the
temperature on the stove (15-20 degrees), increased the the cooking time by
1-1/2 minutes per side, reached an internal temperature of 120*, slide the pan
off the he burner and off to the side, 3-4 minutes, checked the internal
temperature once more, 130*, severed with ours sides. The best pork chops we
have ever had!!

You all Nailed It. Thank you sooo much.

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 3 stars

12/12/2021

Planning on making this shortly, though no mention of how much crushed red
pepper to use..

Tracey Nelson-Ackerman

Rating: 5 stars

11/15/2021

I thought this recipe was great. I burner has a weird idea of what moderately
high heat is though because the house got smokey fast. Unfortunately the
exhaust fan busted. I seared well but burned the garlic. Quickly recovered
with new garlic. Had to leave the chops in a little longer as they were
thicker. When i added the water and lemon to that hot pan, my husband got a
workout fanning the front door with the smoke alarms blaring! It was great fun
to make and came out great in the end. Will make again on a lower heat lol

Jane Graynor

Rating: 5 stars

11/08/2021

I love this recipe! I’ve made it many times. You just have to know how long to
cook the lamb to your liking. I cook mine about 5-6 minutes on one side, then
about 3-4 minutes on the other side. I also prepare and cook the lamb before
the sides so it could sit and absorb the flavors of the sauce for awhile. I
also triple the ingredients of the sauce. Delicious!

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 5 stars

10/19/2021

I loved this recipe so simple so tasty just an awesome combination of
flavours, I added mint because I had mint to use but it didn't really show
above the original ingredients, I saw someone made a comment about the chops
being raw, every stove or barbeque has different cook times, anyway thanks for
the great recipe.

Ardwyn

Rating: 5 stars

10/01/2021

Yes, I made changes in the ingredients and substituted of what's available in
my pantry. Since I've mistaken beef in my fridge as lamb and already found
your recipe, I just got along with it. Then replaced also the dried cherries
and apricots in your recipe with dried prunes and dried cranberries. Voila!!!
It tasted good to my surprise! So excited to follow your original recipe next
time coz we love lamb. Thank you ☺️

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 5 stars

08/10/2021

So simple but elegant! The garlic is perfect. I added sautéed mushrooms !

Morgan Garvey

Rating: 5 stars

08/06/2021

PERFECTION. I added more lemon and olive oil than the recipe called for. This
recipe is delicious. Will be making it many times to come!

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 5 stars

07/15/2021

I grew up in a family of chefs. This is a wonderful delicious recipe. I love
the addition of red pepper flakes. It adds the perfect amount of zip. The
cooking time was perfect. Yes, for rare. For all the complainers about the
meat being raw, lamb chops should be served rare to medium rare. You don’t
know gourmet food if you’re whining about the temp being to rare. Great
recipe! And I had a garden box of fresh herbs to pick the from! My dear
brother in law one of the finest chefs ever is looking down at me from heaven
applauding.

Jennifer Colburn

Rating: 1 stars

07/08/2021

Chops were rare & raw so had to double cooking time while rest of dish is
getting cold

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 5 stars

06/13/2021

I like my lamb very rare. Others do not like to hear baa baa baa while eating
so I will had a bit of time to the cooking.

BID

Rating: 3 stars

05/06/2021

My lamb chops came out raw. I followed your directions and added more time for
the thickness. Made my vegetables and the rest of the dinner get overdone and
cold waiting for them to get done. disappointed.

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 5 stars

04/28/2021

fast easy delicious

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 3 stars

04/06/2021

The flavor is amazing. But my lamb chops were rare/raw. I had to triple the
cooking time.

Sue Hilger

Rating: 5 stars

04/05/2021

Never made lamb chops before, and I hit the jackpot with this recipe! Made
this for Easter dinner and it was a HUGE hit. Saved it to Pinterest. Served
with mashed potatoes, salad, and carrots. Yummy!

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 5 stars

04/01/2021

Fast, simple, and delicious, some key elements! Whether you're cooking for the
family or want to impress a date, this recipe is a winner!! I took some advice
and doubled the sauce, and that was definitely the way to go. I also used more
garlic, but I do that in almost every recipe because I love it.

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 5 stars

03/10/2021

Perfect! Perfect! I did use a little more garlic and the cast pan makes all
the difference

Ali McCallister

Rating: 5 stars

03/01/2021

I cooked this exactly like the recipe says and it was wonderful! I like my
lamb a little on the rare side so I cut the time by just a bit, but still
yummy!!

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 4 stars

02/14/2021

absolutely delicious. Was wondering what the nutritional value information for
this is

catiedid77

Rating: 5 stars

12/26/2020

Home run delicious! After reading comments below, I too made in a cast-iron
skillet, and doubled the liquid for a liberal glaze. Cooked a little longer
than directions to sear the sides. Will make again!

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 5 stars

12/13/2020

I prepared it exactly as directed and was very satisfied with the results. The
lamb was tender and the flavor was perfect. I definitely will make this recipe
again.

Denise Ciafre

Rating: 5 stars

11/22/2020

Love this recipe!!!! Makes the best lamb chops ever!!!! Absolutely
delicious!!!!

Shannon Jensen

Rating: 4 stars

11/19/2020

This was my first time ever making lamb and it turned out so good! I used a
cast iron skillet and the sear was delish. I will definitely be making this
again. Thanks for such a tasty but straightforward recipe. I feel so much more
competent in the kitchen with recipes like these. :)

Aargh42 G

Rating: Unrated

01/30/2020

This has become my absolute favorite lamb chop recipe. So delicious. The
lemony sauce, big garlic chunks and thyme, classic...

LISA

Rating: Unrated

11/20/2019

So flavorful! We served our lamb chops with steamed broccoli and herb/EVOO
marinated goat cheese. The flavors were perfect together. The only change is
we cooked 6 chops (not 8) and also added a pat of butter to the
lemon/water/parsley mix (more than a teaspoon/less than a tablespoon) so we
had extra 'sauce' for the broccoli.

Chef lanee

Rating: Unrated

11/18/2019

I tried it and it turned out great thanks

nikki carson

Rating: Unrated

10/25/2019

This is sooooo delicious!! I make it with garlicky buttered green beans...just
a little note if you are making a larger serving I heat oven and keep chops
warm in there and do not add the garlic till last batch just to keep them from
burning!! Everyone loves this recipe! Super simple super delicious!!

kracoosin

Rating: Unrated

10/15/2019

Silly Question... Is the garlic left unpeeled ?

Food & Wine Member

Rating: Unrated

09/22/2019

The recipe was excellent! Paired with oven roasted Brussels. It was perfect.

Gloria Craig

Rating: Unrated

04/21/2019

Made as directed. FABULOUS! Paired it with cauliflower mash and asparagus just
FABULOUS!

ChefHotBehind

Rating: Unrated

02/26/2019

We used 1.25" chops - cooked 4 min per side then finished in the broiler for
another 2 minutes - result was our preferred medium. Excellent flavor! Enjoyed
with roasted carrots, and beets with feta. We will try a milder garlic next
time - black garlic anyone?!

Gavitronian

Rating: Unrated

04/19/2018

If you are cooking a smaller amount I would take extra care to render the fat.
I also personally heat up the oil a little more than they did in the video.
Good simple recipe.

Keshia Nicole

Rating: Unrated

01/23/2018

Excellent recipe and easy to follow!!! We love trying to new recipes and
stumbling across this one was a huge plus. We paired our lamb chops with
homemade baby red garlic Parmesan mashed potatoes! We’ll definitely be using
this recipe again - very pleased with the end result.

Nic Berry

Rating: Unrated

09/03/2017

Thanks for the recipe, I added a little surf and turf twist to it.

lritt

Rating: Unrated

04/18/2017

Absolutely delicious! I served with brusselsprouts and it was the perfect
compliment. Only thing I wished is that I had more sauce!

Diamond

Rating: Unrated

04/12/2017

Followed directions just so. Absolutely delicious. Will make continuously.

sandyra sandyra

Rating: Unrated

01/11/2017

This makes me hungry. Usually, I have no appetite and really don't care to eat
much of anything. I remember there was a woman named Jory Graham that had
cancer and had a hard time wanting to eat anything. She put together a
cookbook for people struggling with eating problems. Perhaps you could find
this cookbook that might help you?

Renee Forrest

Rating: Unrated

12/25/2016

Was Totally amazing. I did use thicker chops, just added a bit more time. Made
it for Christmas Eve dinner and my husband said it was the best gift ever!

Durxtion

Rating: Unrated

07/10/2016

I'm going to try your recipe and the process of cooking them!! This is mouth
watering. Pretty sure my dad will love this. Thank you

Mari Puig

Rating: Unrated

07/08/2016

Love it! Easy and tasty!

Lisa Butler

Rating: Unrated

06/29/2016

Great flavor and taste. Next time I'll use thinner chops.

Lonnie

Rating: Unrated

06/20/2016

Very nice recipe. I'm not sure the large garlic pieces do anything for the
meat or the sauce.

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Lamb Chops Sizzled with Garlic

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Lamb Chops Sizzled with Garlic

##  All Reviews for Lamb Chops Sizzled with Garlic

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Food & Wine

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Books from Food & Wine
  * Contact Us
  * Advertise
  * Content Licensing
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithFood & Wine is part of the Meredith Corporation Allrecipes Food Group.
(C) Copyright 2022 Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Privacy
Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in a new
tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis link
opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Food & Wine. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.foodandwine.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Lamb Chops Sizzled with Garlic

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

