https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/150812/butter-lamb-gravy/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. World Cuisine
  4. Asian
  5. Bangladeshi
  6. Butter Lamb Gravy

# Butter Lamb Gravy

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.5

91 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 61 
  * 4 star values: 21 
  * 3 star values: 5 
  * 2 star values: 2 
  * 1 star values: 2 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 91 Ratings 
  * 67 Reviews 
  * 10 Photos 

Lamb is simmered in a spicy tomato and cream sauce. This is a very
mouthwatering dish that is easy to make. Serve with hot cooked rice or your
favorite bread. You can even make a variation with chicken, salmon or beef.

Recipe by Trynewfood

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Butter Lamb Gravy

Add Photo

Butter Lamb Gravy Kathy Flynn

Butter Lamb Gravy Ms. Marti

Butter Lamb Gravy Audrey

Butter Lamb Gravy christine_bean

\+ 6 6 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

25 mins

cook:

35 mins

total:

1 hr

Servings:

6

Yield:

6 servings

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

6

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 6 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 2 pounds boneless lamb shoulder, cut into 1 inch pieces 
  * ½ teaspoon garam masala 
  * salt to taste 
  * 2 tablespoons butter, divided 
  * 1 onion, chopped 
  * ½ teaspoon ground turmeric (Optional)
  * ½ teaspoon minced ginger 
  * ½ teaspoon minced garlic 
  * ½ teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste 
  * 1 tablespoon tomato paste 
  * 1 cup water 
  * ½ cup heavy cream 
  * 1 tablespoon honey 
  * 1 cup chopped fresh cilantro 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Season the lamb with garam masala and salt. Heat 1 tablespoon of butter in a
large skillet over medium heat. Fry the lamb cubes until browned, stirring
constantly. Remove from the skillet and set aside.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Melt the remaining butter in the same skillet over medium heat. Add the onion;
cook and stir until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5
minutes.

  * Step 3

Stir in the turmeric, ginger, and garlic. Cook and stir for 1 minute. Stir in
the cayenne and tomato paste until well blended, then stir in the water. Bring
to a simmer and return lamb to the skillet. Simmer over low heat for about 20
minutes, or until lamb is tender.

  * Step 4

Stir in the cream and honey. Transfer to a serving dish and garnish with
cilantro.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

321 calories; protein 22.9g; carbohydrates 8.2g; fat 21.8g; cholesterol
114.6mg; sodium 115.3mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (67)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

drcook

Rating: 5 stars

03/09/2009

I can't imagine why this recipe doesn't have more positive ratings!!! Firstly
my local grocery store didn't have garam masala so I made my own : 2 cinnamon
sticks 3 dried bay leaves 3 tbsp cumin seeds 2 tbsp coriander seeds 4 cardamom
pods, crushed 1 tbsp cloves 1 tsp black peppercorns 1 tbsp ground mace Dry
roast the ingredients, let cool and grind to a fine powder(you can use spice
mill or coffee grinder). Store in the pantry for up to 1 month and in the
refrigerator for up to 3 months. I also didn't have any creme fraiche so I
used heavy whipping cream and one word for this : YUMMY!!!My boyfriend and I
could not get enough of this!! Please try this you will not regret it!!!!

Read More

Helpful (34)

### Most helpful critical review

lcollins

Rating: 3 stars

07/13/2011

This is a decent recipe, but it isn't as flavorful as I expected. Next, time I
will use chicken broth instead of water and maybe add more salt.

Read More

Helpful (4)

91 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 61 
  * 4 star values: 21 
  * 3 star values: 5 
  * 2 star values: 2 
  * 1 star values: 2 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

drcook

Rating: 5 stars

03/09/2009

I can't imagine why this recipe doesn't have more positive ratings!!! Firstly
my local grocery store didn't have garam masala so I made my own : 2 cinnamon
sticks 3 dried bay leaves 3 tbsp cumin seeds 2 tbsp coriander seeds 4 cardamom
pods, crushed 1 tbsp cloves 1 tsp black peppercorns 1 tbsp ground mace Dry
roast the ingredients, let cool and grind to a fine powder(you can use spice
mill or coffee grinder). Store in the pantry for up to 1 month and in the
refrigerator for up to 3 months. I also didn't have any creme fraiche so I
used heavy whipping cream and one word for this : YUMMY!!!My boyfriend and I
could not get enough of this!! Please try this you will not regret it!!!!

J Clark

Rating: 4 stars

04/20/2009

This is a good recipe--and with a few changes it is amazing. I like a little
more sauce with a little more flavor, so I doubled everything except the meat
and garam masala. Keep the meat quantity as it is and quadruple the garam
masala (2 tsp. total). With those tweaks, this recipe was very much like the
curries I used to eat in England!

sara

Rating: 5 stars

10/24/2007

Good flavour, was a nice meal with rice and peas.Simple & delicious. This is a
simple, easy recipe with great flavor! Even my picky husband really liked it.I
added an extra couple of potatoes. my kids loved this easy meal.it wasnt to
spicey or hot. More recipies please!!!

MSROOTZ

Rating: 5 stars

07/30/2009

OMG! This is so good, but only after adding additional seasoning. I prepared
it as directed in the recipe using cubed chicken thighs and tasted it half way
through. There wasn't a whole lot of flavor, at least not as robust as what we
get at our local Indian restaurant. So, I added an additional 1/2 t. garam
masala, 1/2 t. chili powder and 1 T. tomato paste. Made all the difference!
Also, I couldn't find creme fraiche so I substituted 1/4 c. cream and 1/4 c.
sour cream. If you like Indian food, you'll love this.

High_Noon

Rating: 5 stars

06/15/2009

This recipe is amazing! I've made it twice so far - first time with pork,
second time with chicken - and loved it! Next time I make it with pork, I'll
reduce the cooking time, since the pork turned out a little dry - but the
sauce made up for it, no worries. The chicken turned out perfect - I can't
wait to make it with lamb! I also doubled the amount of tomato paste. Instead
of water and creme fresh I only used one glass of 1% fat milk. The taste is
just as great! I also used more of the spices for taste and added about one
teaspoon coriander powder. Thanks for sharing this wonderful recipe, it's a
keeper!

Workin' cookin' mom

Rating: 4 stars

05/06/2009

This was good, but not outanding. I would recommend doubling the spices for
sure. I did not have creme fraiche, so I used 1/4c. sour cream and 1/4 C half
& half instead. After browing the lamb, I drained off all but 2T of the fat,
but then as it cooked, there wasn't enough liquid. I added more cream to
compensate. After tasting about 1/2 way through, I added salt, another Tbsp of
tomato paste. It definitely improved after adding the honey, cream & cilantro
to finish. Don't leave any of those out. The end product was tasty, but I'll
tweak it with add'l spice next time and maybe use chicken or shrimp.

SunnyByrd

Rating: 4 stars

03/24/2009

Very good! I made my own American-girl creme fraiche with sour cream and heavy
cream. I added quite a bit more spice to this - as written it's good, but a
little bland. Thanks for the recipe!

alo365

Rating: 5 stars

12/20/2008

We liked this a lot. It's a great dish because it has good flavor in minimal
time, and would work with any meat. I will definitely make this again. It
tasted great in the pot, but seemed a little bland when served over rice, so
for our tastes we will triple the spices (I already doubled them). I made this
on a whim and had to sub plain yogurt for the creme fraiche and skip the
cilantro, so I can't wait to try it as the author intended. Thanks for the
recipe!

Marj L

Rating: 5 stars

04/08/2009

This was a very VERY good recipe. My husband, an EXCELLENT cook and very
dedicated to the task really liked it. Woo Hoo for me!!!! This was a winner. A
new dress or surprise coming up maybe?????????..... NOT!!!!!

nikster48

Rating: 5 stars

10/24/2009

This was great. Have made with lamb and chicken... actually prefered the
chicken. Also baked a light fish in the 'gravy' and was fantastic (tried
talapia).

Aimee

Rating: 5 stars

03/02/2009

This was a hit tonight! I did stray from the original recipe though. Here are
my changes: I used chicken instead of lamb; canola oil instead of butter; 3/4
to 1 tsp. turmeric, ground ginger (since i didn't have fresh ginger to grate),
and minced garlic; NSA tomato sauce instead of tomato paste; 1% milk instead
of the creme fraiche; and completely forgot about the honey! After all those
changes the recipe still turned out fantastic! When I have all the ingredients
I would love to try this recipe again (especially with lamb!) as I am sure it
is even more delicious! As it turned out, though, I will definitely make it
again with my changes!

Agata

Rating: 5 stars

05/09/2010

It's a keeper! Double the spices as others suggested. Can also use more
tomatoe paste. Instead of creme fraiche used some milk and greek yogurt. came
out awesome.

LOCHNESS350

Rating: 5 stars

09/17/2009

This was delicious! My husband was practically licking the pan it was made in
after his 3 servings!!! I used beef instead of lamb and I dont like my food
very spicy--so I kept the original amounts of seasonings but you could always
add more to your liking. I could not find creme fraiche, so I just substiuted
heavy whipping cream---it worked well and the honey is a must! YUMMY YUM!!

lcollins

Rating: 3 stars

07/13/2011

This is a decent recipe, but it isn't as flavorful as I expected. Next, time I
will use chicken broth instead of water and maybe add more salt.

LINDAANA

Rating: 4 stars

04/15/2009

Very good. Flavors were nice, mild, and a good use of lamb when its on sale.
It was a bit more trouble than I'd prefer to cube the lamb from the bone in
shoulder peice so I'll be looking for a boneless option next time.

almoe

Rating: 4 stars

05/08/2010

this is a great easy to make recipe, doubled the spices amount and add some
salt to make it wonderful. all in all fantastic. cheers

Ducati996

Rating: 4 stars

12/22/2012

I normally make first-time recipes exactly per the instructions, but after
reading several reviews I decided to play with the spice amounts a bit. I
ended up using 4x the garam masala just to coat the lamb and doubled all the
other spices that went into the dish as well as doubling the liquids for added
gravy. I thought it turned out pretty decent, but still just a bit bland. I
served it over basmati rice and had a side of garlic naan from my local ethnic
grocer. I would probably make it again if lamb weren't so expensive ($10/lb)
and I hadn't already found a similar chicken recipe. Overall, it was still
pretty good and easy to make. Definitely worth a try, just make sure you add
some spices.

EDUNCAN02

Rating: 3 stars

04/13/2010

I thought this was just ok ... doubled the sauce, quadrupled the garam masala,
and used chicken stock instead of water. Still thought it was bland though and
could use a little more kick. It gets points for ease and quickness though ...
I'll probably make again, but play with it. Golden raisins could be a good
addition.

mary

Rating: 1 stars

10/27/2011

Followed recipe to a 'T' and was not tasty enough to make again.

JKC67

Rating: 5 stars

04/19/2011

Simply delicious. I made this two Sundays ago and my family, especially my
husband, just loved it. When my husband left work today he bought some lamb so
that I prepare the same dish on Easter Friday. It's the first time he has ever
asked that I prepare a dish again. He is a very good cook himself so the lamb
must have been special. I don't like ginger while he does not like honey, so I
skipped those. Thanks for the recipe.

Sandra G

Rating: 5 stars

08/12/2012

Most pleasant. Quick and easy to prepare. I had stewing lamb meat and was
looking for something different. I saw this one, and just let it simmer longer
for the meat to become tender. I used chillies instead of powder. I was
extremely wary of the amount of honey. For my taste, I found 1/2 tbsp. quite
enough. But that is like salt and pepper - a personal taste.

misholo

Rating: 5 stars

05/26/2011

LOOVED i! been looking for a butter curry recipie that wasnt a huge pain in
the butt and I found it! delicious and simple. THANKS!

jeringt

Rating: 2 stars

05/22/2012

I am one who likes herbs and spices and my husband is more of a plain eating
kinda guy; however after I made this meal, HE was the one who came up to me
and said it was bland and can I add more spices to it. I did so to the
remaining gravy, but I couldn't make it better. While this dish has a good
idea, it is VERY bland. Overall, I was disappointed. I am sure it could be
improved with a lot more spice to it.(I even doubled all the spices and that
didn't work)

Kristen

Rating: 5 stars

02/25/2019

My husband and I both like Indian food, and in addition to being delicious,
this dish is easy to prepare. I’m adding it to my list of recipes!

Bart

Rating: 5 stars

04/12/2015

This recipe is amazing!! I left out the cayenne pepper so my family would eat
it, and they loved it!! I took the lamb and put it in a covered bowl with a
thickly chopped onion, and some sea salt. Then I put it in the fridge for
three days stirring twice a day. Lamb was so tender! Like I said, recipe is so
good that I'll never eat butter anything in a restaurant ever again! Thanks!!
:)

Lori Zouiten

Rating: 5 stars

11/04/2012

SO glad to have found this recipe. My family fell in love with this recipe
outside our house, now I can make it home for them! :-) If you don't have
creme fraiche...yoghurt or sour cream will work perfectly fine as well.

Audrey

Rating: 5 stars

10/01/2018

This is a great recipe for lamb!

Aaron A

Rating: 5 stars

06/20/2016

Never cooked this kind of food before. Followed the recipe exactly. This
turned out great! I was worried about it being too thin of a sauce so I cooked
it a little longer on medium after adding cream. The sauce thickened nice
after cooling a bit. It has a fair amount of heat but well balanced. I trimmed
the lamb of all the fat I could and it was still tender. Just make sure to
remove with just a brown and dont try and cook it done at the beginning.
Served with basmati rice. Simple enough to throw together on a workday. Highly
recommend!! 7/15/16 Update - made this using 2 lbs of cremini and baby bella
mushrooms in place of the lamb. This butter gravy sauce is so good. I am not a
huge vegetarian dish lover so would ultimately still prefer the lamb over
mushrooms but my wife loved the veggie dinner. I can't wait to try this on
other meats!

James

Rating: 5 stars

01/27/2020

Triple garam masala and garlic. Double tumeric and ginger. Cayenne stays the
same.

Ann Maksymiw

Rating: 5 stars

10/08/2013

This is sensational. Flavour was so good. I thought there would be leftovers,
but I was wrong! Everyone cleaned their plate and asked for more.

VeggieGrl513

Rating: 4 stars

10/14/2013

I don't eat red meat but cooked this for my husband and brother in law. He
enjoyed it and felt it was very flavorful. For me, I had to cook this for way
longer than 20min. My dish was very watery and looked nothing like the
picture. I ended up cooking for about an hour or so and added a bit of flour
to thicken up the gravy. As per the other recommendations, I also went a bit
heavy handed on the salt and other spices. there was lots of flavor in the
dish. Will make again one day.

Lisa

Rating: 5 stars

04/02/2014

I loved this recipe so much I counted stop eating it! I did a few variations
because I didn't have heavy cream and I used sour cream. Also I cooked it in a
cast iron skillet and placed it in the oven on a slow bake of 275 for about an
hour. Delish!!!

hallie

Rating: 5 stars

03/25/2014

I accidentally double the honey, but I'm glad I did. It was delish!!!
Definitely making this one again and again.

Ava Goei-Vujovich

Rating: 5 stars

05/06/2015

Added a can of garbanzo beans / chickpeas. Nice flavor! My husband and
daughter loved it!

medigal

Rating: 5 stars

11/27/2015

So delicious... Big hit with us. Needs a little more stock.

Jbooshey

Rating: 5 stars

12/06/2013

I hate to rate recipes that I made changes on, but the changes were made out
of necessity and I know the original recipe would be very good. I used beef
because 2lbs of lamb is expensive. I didn't have garam masala, so I used curry
because I figured it would work in this dish. The sauce was awesome and you
could add any veggie you'd want in it. I did add a cornstarch mixture to give
it a more gravy like texture.

Arzeen Ansar

Rating: 5 stars

03/03/2015

Tried it Nd it was superb

hitz98

Rating: 5 stars

05/15/2020

Delicious!!

lgabriel52

Rating: 4 stars

12/09/2016

I liked it but the sauce was a little runny. I like a thicker sauces. Next
time less water!!! But good overall.

Leftover Inspired

Rating: 4 stars

06/29/2016

This was so good. I didn't have all the ingredients at hand but I used it as a
base and made it anyway. It was amazing. Hopefully, next time I'll make it as
written. If you're wondering, here is what I did using ingredients I have at
hand: I used beef, 1 can of tomato sauce and 1 can of coconut milk. I used 1/2
tsp of ground ginger since I didn't have fresh. I increased the masala to
1tsp. Served it with rice and peas and carrots.

usadinner

Rating: 5 stars

06/04/2012

We doubled the spices specified (enough for 12 people!). We (the two of us)
though it had just the right amount of spice and gravy. Yum!

Karen Bleakley

Rating: 4 stars

05/26/2019

I made this with leftover roast lamb. I added some potato and peas because
that's how I like my curries. Served it over steamed rice. Very tasty.

Cindy Harvey

Rating: 5 stars

03/18/2016

My husband claims that this is better then what he gets in the resturants

charm

Rating: 4 stars

12/28/2018

The flavor is good though I did have to add some salt to my portion. When I
make this again, I shall do it in the slow cooker though as the meat stayed
pretty chewy after only 20 minutes of simmering.

XxlilaxX

Rating: 5 stars

06/11/2014

Love this recipe, easy to make and very tasteful...There is a sweet aftertaste
after the " spicy" I guess it's because of the honey,, Next time I'll omit
that ingredient and see how it turns out as I am more into spicy then sweet...
Besides this, I will also double the sauce to get more as it doesnt make that
much. Served on rice it's delicious!!

rhonsaa

Rating: 5 stars

04/01/2016

Very easy and so good. I made a garam masala substitute (Just a blend of
spices) and otherwise followed the recipe. It was great and the leftovers
tasted even better next day. Next time, I think I will add a little
cornstarch, to thicken the gravy a little before adding the cream.

sueshin225

Rating: 5 stars

09/26/2013

Added potatoes as well and went less on the spicy so my daughter can eat it
but it was still tasty first time cooking lamb besides grilling this was good.
And pretty easy to make!

Cheryl Erlandson

Rating: 1 stars

05/06/2016

It was mediocre at best.

Nailla

Rating: 5 stars

12/18/2018

i used chicken instead of lamb and substituted creme fraiche with evaporated
milk. It tastes really good and a favourite of my son

John Mallany

Rating: 4 stars

10/21/2015

Made it pretty much as written and found it tasty but a bit on the mild side.
It takes considerably longer than 20 min. To tenderize lamb shoulder

Florenz0

Rating: 3 stars

02/05/2018

Loved the recipe. Had to make it the second time. The first time I cooked it I
followed the recipe and it didn’t come out nice. I was using leg of lamb cubes
and they were hard and chewy. I doubled up all the spices and even water this
time around. Cooked the leg of lamb on low heat for 3hrs. Absolute perfection

Bilkhis Fara

Rating: 5 stars

02/22/2015

Very easy,very yummy..great for busy moms like me

darlasue

Rating: 5 stars

12/08/2014

We loved this recipe. Very easy. I made my own garam masala and added a little
extra to the recipe. I'll try with chicken next time.

Yummy Mummy

Rating: 5 stars

08/31/2016

I will make it again!! I found cheap lamb curry pieces at the markets, my
family aren't so keen on lamb, but this time it all disappeared before I could
remind any of the kids to eat their dinner! Threw everything in the slow
cooker, let it stew all day, added the cream 30 min before dinner time, mmm
mmm, delish!!

Dorudgar

Rating: 5 stars

04/13/2016

Delicious. I will make it frequently.

sleepybot

Rating: 5 stars

04/05/2016

My family and I enjoyed this dish! I did work a little off book though. I
doubled the masala seasoning, seared the lamb in infused garlic olive oil
instead of butter, added red/orange/yellow bell peppers along with the onions,
used tomato sauce instead of paste (but only because I didn't have any at
home), used half & half instead of heavy cream (but only because I didn't have
any at home). Then once the lamb was done simmering, I took out the lamb,
added some more masala seasoning and boiled the bones in the broth to thicken
it. Once it thickened, I added the lamb cubes back in and sprinkled cilantro
and green/red onions over the dish. I have already passed this recipe along 3
times since I cooked it last night.

KatieW9908

Rating: 5 stars

11/06/2021

This sauce was so good I kept thinking about wanting to add more things to the
mix - like potatoes, vegetables, etc. Purists might not be happy with the lack
of toasted spices and authentic methods, but I really liked it, and I liked
that it was way less greasy/oily than most restaurant versions. Scales down by
half well.

Julia C Brogli

Rating: 5 stars

01/08/2015

Out of garam masala--made my own from "Easy Garam Masala" on this site. This
is easy and relatively quick. I was worried about the honey but it added just
the right amount of "sweet" the lamb needed.

Dutchgirl

Rating: 3 stars

11/15/2012

The blend of flavors in this dish is quite good. And, as others have said, it
needs more. I more than tripled the seasonings and found that to be more
suited to our tastes. The speed and ease with which the dish comes together
make it a good choice for a quicker meal, particularly if you cut and season
the meat and toss it into a baggie in the morning and can just dump it into
the skillet in the evening. For that reason, with the seasoning adjustments,
its a good recipe to have in your files.

Fermata4638

Rating: 3 stars

12/17/2015

It was bland to me and definitely missing something.

Miso Nelson

Rating: 2 stars

03/02/2016

This dish as per the recipe is very bland. So on my second attempt I made a
few changes: 1. I added 1 tbs of ginger and garlic which I pounded together in
a mortar; 3 green cardamoms; 3 tbs tomato paste; 1 green chilli sliced; double
the Garam masala (which I made myself, minus the nutmeg); the suggested amount
of turmeric; 1/4 cup whipping cream; and no honey; salt to taste 2. After I
browned the meat, I removed it from the pot, then sautéed the ginger garlic
and green cardamom together until the garlic was light brown in 1tbs butter
and 1 tbs oil. 3. I added the meat back to the pot and cooked as per the
recipe. 4. I also added 1tbs butter when I added the cream. The flavours were
a lot more robust and my family loved it.

Janet

Rating: 5 stars

09/15/2014

I wanted to try using tumeric and found this recipe. I followed the recipe
with these changes: pork instead of lamb, spinach instead of cilantro, 1/3 cup
diced stewed tomatoes in juice instead of paste, sour cream, and about 1/4 cup
of my homemade chicken broth. I also bumped up the spices a little, but not
much since I never used tumeric before. I think I'd feel comfortable bumping
it up a bit more next time. Served it over my homemade pasta. This is a nice
way to introduce more aromatic spices to our mild-mannered cuisine. Thanks for
the ideas.

Sara Parkhurst Cornelison

Rating: 5 stars

09/03/2015

I made this tonight, both my husband and son (13) loved it. I served it over
couscous. I will definitely make this again.

linblythe

Rating: 5 stars

05/09/2016

The family just loved this curry ( gravy) I doubled up on the ingredients so
that we had more sauce, will definitely be making this dish again.

The Kufferts

Rating: 4 stars

01/12/2015

I increased by 2x's most of the spices (3 tbsp of GM), increased the butter to
3 tbsp, used 3/4 cups of water. Used left over lamb shoulder from a roast. (it
was a big roast). With the changes I made it gets a 4. I enjoyed it, my 9 year
old son loved it and had seconds. The others wished it wasn't lamb ;)

claire alberti

Rating: 5 stars

06/17/2015

A real 5 star recipe. Easy tasty and versatile. Claire

charm

Rating: 4 stars

12/28/2018

The flavor is good though I did have to add some salt to my portion. When I
make this again, I shall do it in the slow cooker though as the meat stayed
pretty chewy after only 20 minutes of simmering.

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Butter Lamb Gravy

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Butter Lamb Gravy

##  All Reviews for Butter Lamb Gravy

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Butter Lamb Gravy

Servings Per Recipe: 6  
Calories: 321.1  

% Daily Value *

protein:  22.9g  46 %

carbohydrates:  8.2g  3 %

dietary fiber:  1.1g  5 %

sugars:  4.9g

fat:  21.8g  34 %

saturated fat:  11.1g  56 %

cholesterol:  114.6mg  38 %

vitamin a iu:  1032.6IU  21 %

niacin equivalents:  8.6mg  66 %

vitamin b6:  0.2mg  10 %

vitamin c:  6mg  10 %

folate:  27.5mcg  7 %

calcium:  49.5mg  5 %

iron:  2.2mg  12 %

magnesium:  27.8mg  10 %

potassium:  324.3mg  9 %

sodium:  115.3mg  5 %

thiamin:  0.1mg  7 %

calories from fat:  196.5

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Butter Lamb Gravy

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 67

Butter Lamb Gravy

1 of 10 Butter Lamb Gravy

Kathy Flynn

Butter Lamb Gravy

2 of 10 Butter Lamb Gravy

Ms. Marti

Butter Lamb Gravy

3 of 10 Butter Lamb Gravy

Audrey

Butter Lamb Gravy

4 of 10 Butter Lamb Gravy

christine_bean

Butter Lamb Gravy

5 of 10 Butter Lamb Gravy

Florenz0

Butter Lamb Gravy

6 of 10 Butter Lamb Gravy

Aaron A

Butter Lamb Gravy

7 of 10 Butter Lamb Gravy

sleepybot

Butter Lamb Gravy

8 of 10 Butter Lamb Gravy

Ava Goei-Vujovich

Butter Lamb Gravy

9 of 10 Butter Lamb Gravy

luckygerl52

Butter Lamb Gravy

10 of 10 Butter Lamb Gravy

Montana

Butter Lamb Gravy

11 of 10 Butter Lamb Gravy

SunnyByrd

Butter Lamb Gravy

12 of 10 Butter Lamb Gravy

sara

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Butter Lamb Gravy to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Butter Lamb Gravy

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

