https://www.food.com/recipe/sicilian-red-devil-chicken-156780


  * Recipes
    * Breakfast & Brunch Recipes 
    * Lunch Recipes 
    * Appetizers & Snack Recipes 
    * Dinner Recipes 
    * Dessert Recipes 
    * Drink & Cocktail Recipes 
    * Side Dish Recipes 
    * Grilling & BBQ Recipes 
    * Microwave Recipes 
    * Quick & Easy Recipes 
    * Slow-Cooker Recipes 
    * Air Fryer Recipes 
    * Instant Pot Recipes 
    * Baking Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Popular
    * Trending Now 
    * Casserole Recipes 
    * Chili Recipes 
    * Soup Recipes 
    * Pasta Recipes 
    * Bread Recipes 
    * Cookie Recipes 
    * Salad Recipes 
    * Tofu Recipes 
    * Copycat Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Meat & Seafood
    * Chicken Recipes 
    * Salmon Recipes 
    * Pork Chop Recipes 
    * Ground Beef Recipes 
    * Shrimp Recipes 
  * Healthy & Diet
    * Keto Recipes 
    * Healthy Recipes 
    * Vegetarian Recipes 
    * Vegan Recipes 
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes 
    * Weight Watchers Recipes 
    * Low-Carb Recipes 
    * Gluten-Free Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Holidays
    * Dinner Party Recipes 
    * Game Day Recipes 
    * Valentine's Day Recipes 
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes 
    * Easter Recipes 
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes 
    * Mother's Day Recipes 
    * Memorial Day Recipes 
    * Juneteenth Recipes 
    * 4th of July Recipes 
    * Halloween Recipes 
    * Thanksgiving Recipes 
    * Hanukkah Recipes 
    * Christmas Recipes 
    * New Year's Recipes 
  * Cuisine
    * Mexican Recipes 
    * Italian Recipes 
    * Indian Recipes 
    * Thai Recipes 
    * Korean Recipes 
    * French Recipes 
    * Latin American Recipes 
    * Chinese Recipes 
    * Japanese Recipes 
    * Spanish Recipes 
  * Seasonal
    * Spring Recipes 
    * Summer Recipes 
    * Fall Recipes 
    * Winter Recipes 
    * See More 

icons / profile

icons / arrow / arrow-left

  1. Recipes 
  2. Chicken 

# Sicilian Red Devil Chicken

9

Recipe by Annacia

9

People talking

Join In Now  Join the conversation!

  *   *   *   * 

Save Recipe

I used to make a dish very similar to this and I loved it. Sadly, when I
married I gave up all of my warmer dishes because my husband couldn't abide
anything "spicy". After 20 years of marriage, I have decided that I'm going to
make some things that I like and he can have KD on those not to frequent
evenings. I scoured Zarr to locate my old recipe with no luck (how is that
possible?) and came across this on another site. It's very close to what I was
wanting and I'm happy with it. I thought I'd pass it on along for others to
try. This asks for chicken breasts but I have used bone-in thighs with
success. Of course cooking time will increase with whole thighs.

Ready In:

    35mins

Serves:

     4 

Units:

     US 

icons / print PRINT RECIPE

  * icons / email
  * icons / social / pinterest
  * icons / social / facebook

9

People talking

Join In Now  Join the conversation!

## ingredients

Nutrition

  * 1  lb fresh fresh boneless skinless chicken breast
  * 1⁄2 teaspoon salt
  * 1⁄4 teaspoon ground black pepper
  * 3  tablespoons olive oil
  * 1  onion, peeled and chopped 
  * 3  garlic cloves, peeled and minced 
  * 1 (14 1/2 ounce) can diced tomatoes, drained 
  * 1⁄2 cup red wine
  * 3  tablespoons tomato paste
  * 2  tablespoons chopped fresh Italian parsley
  * 2  bay leaves
  * 1⁄2 teaspoon dried thyme
  * 1⁄4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes

## directions

  * Cut each chicken breast into 3 equal pieces and season with salt and pepper.
  * Heat a large, heavy-bottomed saucepan over medium-high heat. Add oil and when hot, but not smoking, add chicken pieces. Sauté until golden brown on all sides, about 5 minutes; remove from pan and set aside.
  * To the same pan, add onion and garlic. Cook, stirring, until onion is translucent, about 3 minutes. Add tomatoes, red wine, tomato paste, parsley, bay leaves, thyme and red pepper flakes, mix well. Return chicken to pan, cover, reduce heat to low and simmer for about 12 to 15 minutes for flavors to blend. Remove bay leaves and serve over pasta if desired.

Submit a Recipe Correction

#### MY PRIVATE NOTES

Add a Note

Advertisement

Advertisement

### RECIPE MADE WITH LOVE BY

Follow Me

@Annacia

Contributor

@Annacia

Contributor

"I used to make a dish very similar to this and I loved it. Sadly, when I
married I gave up all of my warmer dishes because my husband couldn't abide
anything "spicy". After 20 years of marriage, I have decided that I'm going to
make some things that I like and he can have KD on those not to frequent
evenings. I scoured Zarr to locate my old recipe with no luck (how is that
possible?) and came across this on another site. It's very close to what I was
wanting and I'm happy with it. I thought I'd pass it on along for others to
try. This asks for chicken breasts but I have used bone-in thighs with
success. Of course cooking time will increase with whole thighs."

  * ###### recipes

1624

  * ###### tweaks

232

  * ###### photos

3124

icons / sparkles / sparkles

### JOIN THE CONVERSATION

icons / sparkles / sparkles

icons / camera

upload

icons / star / star-outline

review

icons / write-a-review

tweak

icons / question

ask

all

reviews

tweaks

q&a

sort by: most popularmost recent icons / navigate / navigate-down

  1. review by  Jezski 

2/12/2011

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

I dunno what happened but we thought this didn't have much flavor. Followed
recipe as written, used fire-roasted diced tomatoes (which should have added
to the flavor) and spices as written. I have leftovers, will add some Italian
seasoning and garlic. Maybe chicken base, balsamic, as suggested. The red wine
was a definite plus. This sounded so delicious. Will work on it. Could be my
fault so I'm not rating it . . . Janet

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  2. review by  LARavenscroft 

2/6/2011

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

I made this our our dinner today and the first words out of DD's mouth were,
"You can make this again!" Used boneless skinless chicken thighs instead of
the breasts as that is our preference. The heat from the crushed red pepper
flakes was just right and the sauce was thick and rich! I think this would
also work well in the crock pot. Thanks for posting this Annacia! Made for
Zaar Stars Tag.

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  3. tweak by  LARavenscroft 

2/6/2011

I made this our our dinner today and the first words out of DD's mouth were,
"You can make this again!" Used boneless skinless chicken thighs instead of
the breasts as that is our preference. The heat from the crushed red pepper
flakes was just right and the sauce was thick and rich! I think this would
also work well in the crock pot. Thanks for posting this Annacia! Made for
Zaar Stars Tag.

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  4. review by  tara portee 

11/17/2008

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

Um, Um good. I wish I could find the correct word to describe the sauce, but
the best I can do is, rich, and highly flavorful. For my tastes it was a bit
too much wine, but i am sure that it would be the perfect amount for others. I
used whole breasts and just cooked a bit longer. I also used a bit more
garlic.

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  5. review by  RedVinoGirl 

10/10/2008

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

This was SUPER good. We really enjoyed this. For something so simple to taste
so wonderful...it deserves 5 stars. I increased the garlic to about 6 cloves
but followed the recipe from there. Just wonderful. I think I was a bit heavy
handed with the crushed red peppers so my kids complained their mouths were
burning but my husband and I thought it was perfect! Will DEFINITELY make this
one again!

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

see 11 more icons / navigate / navigate-down

Advertisement

### YOU'LL ALSO LOVE

How to Make Meatball Sub Kolaches

28 Springtime Salads for Easter

42 Ideas for a Ham-Free Easter Dinn...

How to Cook Perfect Pork Tenderloin

View All Recipes

### RELATED PAGES

Red DevilCheesy ChickenBacon Wrapped Chicken BreastsRed Devil ChickenMoist
Poppy Seed Bundt CakeJambalaya With a TwistOh Joyful Tuna Noodle BakeCurry
Apple Tuna SaladRoasted BBQ Chicken with Red Devil Rub

View Suggestions

BACK TO TOP

icons / social / facebook icons / social / pinterest icons / social / twitter
icons / social / youtube icons / email

  * All Categories 
  * Site Map 
  * About Us 
  * Help 

The Discovery Family of Networks

  * HGTV
  * DIY Network
  * Food Network
  * Cooking Channel
  * Travel Channel
  * HGTV Poland

© 2022 Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. or its subsidiaries and affiliates. All
rights reserved.

  * Advertise
  * AdChoices
  * Privacy Notice
  * Visitor Agreement

California Privacy Notice CA Do Not Sell My Info

