https://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/devils-chicken-with-mustard-and-bread-crumbs


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Recipes & Cooking
  * Drinks
  * Travel
  * Holidays + Events
  * News
  * F&W; Classic
  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Subscribe  Subscribe

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore Food & Wine

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * F&W Cooks

####  F&W; Cooks

Food and Wine presents a new network of food pros delivering the most cookable
recipes and delicious ideas online.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

####  Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

Looking to amp up your beef stew but unsure where to start? A slow cooker can
can take your comfort food to the next level.  Read More

    * 50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

####  50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

We’ve assembled a list of 50 of the world’s most reliable, inexpensive wines –
bottles that offer amazing quality for their price year in and year out.  Read
More

  * Recipes & Cooking

### Recipes & Cooking

See All Recipes & Cooking

    * Chicken
    * Comfort Food
    * Breakfast + Brunch
    * Salads
    * Desserts
    * Vegetables
    * Pasta + Noodles
    * Chefs
    * Meat + Poultry
    * Soup
    * Appetizers
    * Side Dishes
    * Fruits
    * Seafood
    * Special Diets
    * Cooking Techniques
    * Steal This Trick

  * Drinks

### Drinks

See All Drinks

    * Wine
    * Spirits
    * Coffee
    * Juices
    * Beer
    * Champagne + Sparkling Wine
    * Tea

  * Travel

### Travel

See All Travel

    * Wine Regions
    * Restaurants

  * Holidays + Events

### Holidays + Events

See All Holidays + Events

    * Valentine's Day
    * Halloween
    * Passover
    * Hanukkah
    * Christmas
    * Gifts
    * Super Bowl
    * Easter
    * Thanksgiving
    * New Year's Eve
    * Holiday Entertaining

  * News
  * F&W; Classic

### F&W; Classic

See All F&W; Classic

    * F&W; Classic Insider
    * Food & Wine Classic in Aspen

  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Subscribe  this link opens in a new tab

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Devil's Chicken with Mustard and Bread Crumbs

# Devil's Chicken with Mustard and Bread Crumbs

Rating: Unrated

  * Be the first to rate & review! 

This organic chicken dish is a one-pot meal. "Whatever you do, don't marinate
the poultry in a plastic bag. It's an eco nightmare," Suzanne Goin warns.Ask
your butcher to split the chickens in half, remove the backbones, trim the
wings to the second joint and debone the breasts and thighs. But don't waste
the bones; take them home and use them to make stock. **Plus:More Chicken
Recipes and Tips**

Photo of Suzanne Goin

By Suzanne Goin

April 1999

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Devil's Chicken with Mustard and Bread Crumbs

Credit: (C) Quentin Bacon

## Recipe Summary

Yield:

4

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1/2 cup extra-virgin olive oil 
  * 1/2 cup dry vermouth 
  * 1/2 small yellow onion, thinly sliced, plus 2 medium yellow onions 
  * 3 thyme sprigs plus 1 tablespoon thyme leaves 
  * 2 small dried red chiles, crushed 
  * Two 3-pound organic chickens, split and semi-boned (see above) 
  * 2 medium red onions 
  * 2 medium leeks, white and tender green parts only 
  * 1 pound large Yukon Gold potatoes 
  * Salt and freshly ground pepper 
  * 3 tablespoons unsalted butter 
  * 2 tablespoons minced shallots 
  * 1/4 cup Dijon mustard 
  * 1 teaspoon finely chopped tarragon 
  * 1 cup coarse fresh bread crumbs 
  * 1 tablespoon minced parsley 
  * 1/2 cup chicken stock or canned low-sodium broth 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

In a large glass dish, combine 1/4 cup of the olive oil with 1/4 cup of the
vermouth, the sliced onion, thyme sprigs and chiles. Add the chickens and turn
to coat. Cover and refrigerate for 5 hours.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Trim and peel the 2 yellow and 2 red onions, keeping the root ends intact. Cut
each onion into 8 wedges. Trim the leeks, keeping the root ends intact, and
cut each one lengthwise into sixths.

  * Step 3

Steam the potatoes over boiling water until still slightly firm, about 10
minutes. Let cool slightly, then peel and cut each one lengthwise into 6
wedges.

  * Step 4

Preheat the oven to 450°. Heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil in each of 2 large
skillets. Add the potatoes to 1 skillet and the onions and leeks to the other;
cook over moderately high heat, turning, until golden, 6 to 8 minutes.
Transfer the vegetables to a roasting pan. Sprinkle with salt, pepper and 2
1/2 teaspoons of thyme.

  * Step 5

Return the skillets to moderately high heat. Scrape the marinade off the
chickens. Add them to the skillets, skin side down, and cook over moderately
high heat until the skin is deep golden and crisp, about 5 minutes. Set the
chickens on the vegetables, skin side up, and season with salt and pepper.

  * Step 6

Melt 1 tablespoon of the butter in a small skillet. Add the shallots and cook
over moderately high heat until translucent. Add the remaining 1/4 cup of
vermouth and cook until reduced by half. Remove from the heat and stir in the
mustard, tarragon and the remaining 1/2 teaspoon of thyme. Slather the
chickens with this mixture.

  * Step 7

In a small skillet, melt the remaining 2 tablespoons of butter. Add the bread
crumbs and parsley, season with salt and pepper and toss to combine. Spoon the
crumbs over the chicken and add the chicken stock to the baking dish. Roast in
the oven for about 25 minutes, or until the crumbs are golden and the chicken
is cooked through. Serve at once.

##  Make Ahead

The recipe can be prepared through Step 2 up to 1 day ahead. Refrigerate the
chicken and topping mixture separately.

##  Notes

It's easier to buy 5 pounds of chicken pieces than to split and partially bone
whole chickens as called for in the recipe. While boneless chicken parts cook
faster, pieces with the bones are tastier. After the chicken roasts 25 minutes
as called for in the recipe, check the temperature of the pieces. You want to
pull them out when they reach 160°. If they are not ready, extend the cooking
time, checking the temperature every 10 minutes.

##  Suggested Pairing

The onions, shallots and leeks in this hearty chicken dish find a flavor echo
in a fruity, low-tannin Pinot Noir. Try a California bottling.

Advertisement

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews

Add Rating & Review

Be the first to rate and review! No ratings or reviews yet.

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Devil's Chicken with Mustard and Bread Crumbs

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Devil's Chicken with Mustard and Bread Crumbs

##  All Reviews for Devil's Chicken with Mustard and Bread Crumbs

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Food & Wine

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Books from Food & Wine
  * Contact Us
  * Advertise
  * Content Licensing
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithFood & Wine is part of the Meredith Corporation Allrecipes Food Group.
(C) Copyright 2022 Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Privacy
Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in a new
tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis link
opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Food & Wine. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.foodandwine.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Devil's Chicken with Mustard and Bread Crumbs

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

