http://fxcuisine.com/Default.asp?Display=71


|  |  
---|---|---  
  
# Devil's Chicken

  **Home** >> **Recipes** | **Keywords** : | Italian Cuisine ¦ Chicken ¦
    Grilling ¦ Traditional ¦ Herbs  
---|---  
 **Translations** :|   Español  
 **Feedback** : | 25 comments \- leave yours!  
  
Larger images|  
Print  
---|---  
This traditional butterflied grilled chicken from Tuscany uses a fresh herb
paste and a lemon-oil baste to turn out the most delicious chicken.

**Page** :

  * 1
  * 2

Next Page

When I first saw this gesticulating bearded Italian cook put **his marinated
butterflied chickens** on a grate over hot embers and then sprinkle them with
wine, I really thought this one recipe captured the **essence** of what makes
Italian gastronomy so successful. A few tradition-approved fresh ingredients
cooked over smoking embers. Nothing difficult, nothing complex and nothing I
couldn't do.

This **traditional Tuscan recipe** is called _Pollo alla diavola_ , literally
**Chicken in the Devil's style**. There are several traditional recipes under
that name in Italy. Most are not as interesting as they just use oil, salt and
pepper. Some add red **chili** flakes to the marinade. In Ischia they baste
with **white wine**. The recipe is called pollo al mattone, literally **Brick
Chicken** when you put a large brick wrapped in tin foil over the chicken to
press it against the grate. It isn't necessary if your chicken has been
butterflied really flat.

**Devil's Chicken**  
1 chicken, butterflied  
5 garlic cloves  
1 bunch each of fresh thyme, rosemary, parsley, sage, basil and marjoram or
oregano  
10 dried bay leaves  
1 lemon  
olive oil  
salt and pepper  

Ideally you should buy a **free range corn fed chicken** who led a happy life
and did not see your grill coming. Clearly it is hard to make good grilled
chicken with one of these jail house birds who never saw the light of day and
live in a cascade of refuse. But they cost more. I recommend a half chicken
per guest so nobody will feel stepped over if they don't get their favorite
part. Just take smaller chicken to adjust portion size.

For the **herbs** I recommend you buy a small bunch of each, or substitute
with others if needed. Here I used ail des ours (allium ursinum) and no
parsley.

**Pound** the garlic and herbs in a mortar except for the bay leaves. Add a
little **olive oil** to obtain a smooth paste. Don't be mean on the oil as it
will prevent the chicken from drying out.

**Butterfly** your chicken. This means cutting it lengthwise, emptying
whatever was left of the insides and flattening it on a board (photo). **Rub**
the pounded herbs all around the chicken and between the skin and the flesh.

Place the chicken in a **freezer bag** and leave to **marinate** in the
fridge. Some recipe call for overnight marination, others for 1 hour. With an
oil-based marinade the longer the better as your chicken won't disintegrate,
but one hour is good enough if you have to make do.

...

Article continues NEXT PAGE...

25 comments

### Bookmark with:

  * Delicious
  * Digg
  * reddit
  * Facebook
  * StumbleUpon
  * 

  
  
Please follow me on Instagram  for lots of new content every week!  
 _Francois_

  

Subscribe and you'll never miss an article:

or RSS.

  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

* * *

Sponsored links: DHTML Menu By Milonic JavaScript

