https://www.food.com/recipe/red-devil-chicken-111000


  * Recipes
    * Breakfast & Brunch Recipes 
    * Lunch Recipes 
    * Appetizers & Snack Recipes 
    * Dinner Recipes 
    * Dessert Recipes 
    * Drink & Cocktail Recipes 
    * Side Dish Recipes 
    * Grilling & BBQ Recipes 
    * Microwave Recipes 
    * Quick & Easy Recipes 
    * Slow-Cooker Recipes 
    * Air Fryer Recipes 
    * Instant Pot Recipes 
    * Baking Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Popular
    * Trending Now 
    * Casserole Recipes 
    * Chili Recipes 
    * Soup Recipes 
    * Pasta Recipes 
    * Bread Recipes 
    * Cookie Recipes 
    * Salad Recipes 
    * Tofu Recipes 
    * Copycat Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Meat & Seafood
    * Chicken Recipes 
    * Salmon Recipes 
    * Pork Chop Recipes 
    * Ground Beef Recipes 
    * Shrimp Recipes 
  * Healthy & Diet
    * Keto Recipes 
    * Healthy Recipes 
    * Vegetarian Recipes 
    * Vegan Recipes 
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes 
    * Weight Watchers Recipes 
    * Low-Carb Recipes 
    * Gluten-Free Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Holidays
    * Dinner Party Recipes 
    * Game Day Recipes 
    * Valentine's Day Recipes 
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes 
    * Easter Recipes 
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes 
    * Mother's Day Recipes 
    * Memorial Day Recipes 
    * Juneteenth Recipes 
    * 4th of July Recipes 
    * Halloween Recipes 
    * Thanksgiving Recipes 
    * Hanukkah Recipes 
    * Christmas Recipes 
    * New Year's Recipes 
  * Cuisine
    * Mexican Recipes 
    * Italian Recipes 
    * Indian Recipes 
    * Thai Recipes 
    * Korean Recipes 
    * French Recipes 
    * Latin American Recipes 
    * Chinese Recipes 
    * Japanese Recipes 
    * Spanish Recipes 
  * Seasonal
    * Spring Recipes 
    * Summer Recipes 
    * Fall Recipes 
    * Winter Recipes 
    * See More 

icons / profile

icons / arrow / arrow-left

  1. Recipes 
  2. Whole Chicken 

# Red Devil Chicken

6

Recipe by Dreamgoddess

6

People talking

Join In Now  Join the conversation!

  *   *   * 

Save Recipe

Firefighters have a nickname (or a curse name) for fire, "The Red Devil." This
chicken is so spicy with red pepper, Italians call it pollo alla diavola, or
"chicken, devil-style." Split, splayed on the grill, and weighted under a
follwrapped brick, the end result is a particularly Juicy bird with a crispy
skin. A heavy cast-iron skillet works well as a weight, also. Recipe from: The
Firehouse Grilling Cookbook Prep time includes marinating the chicken.

Ready In:

    3hrs

Serves:

     4 

Units:

     US 

icons / print PRINT RECIPE

  * icons / email
  * icons / social / pinterest
  * icons / social / facebook

6

People talking

Join In Now  Join the conversation!

## ingredients

Nutrition

  * 1 (4 lb) chicken, rinsed and patted dry 
  * 1⁄3 cup dry white wine
  * 1⁄3 cup olive oil
  * 2  tablespoons fresh lemon juice
  * 2  cloves garlic, crushed through a press 
  * 2  teaspoons dried oregano
  * 1  teaspoon hot red pepper flakes
  * 1⁄2 teaspoon salt

## directions

  * Using a cleaver or heavy knife, cut down one side of the backbone to cut the chicken in half.
  * Cut down the other side and discard the backbone.
  * Place the chicken on a work surface, skin side up.
  * Press hard on the breastbone with the heel of your hand to flatten the chicken.
  * In a small bowl, whisk together the wine, oil, lemon juice, garlic, oregano, red pepper flakes, and salt.
  * Place the chicken and marinade in a zippered plastic bag.
  * Close the bag and refrigerate for at least 1 hour, and up to 2 hours.
  * Build a charcoal fire in one side of an outdoor grill and let burn until covered with white ash.
  * Place a large disposable aluminum foil pan on the empty side of the grill and fill halfway with water.
  * In a gas grill, preheat on High.
  * Turn one burner off, and keep the other burner (s) on High.
  * Place the foil pan on the Off burner, and fill halfway with water.
  * Remove the chicken from the marinade.
  * Lightly oil the cooking grate.
  * Place, skin-side down, over the pan.
  * Weight the chicken with an aluminum foilwrapped brick.
  * Cover and cook for 25 minutes.
  * Remove the brick and turn the chicken.
  * Cover and continue cooking (without the brick) until the chicken shows no sign of pink when pierced at the thighbone, about 25 minutes more.
  * Using a cleaver or heavy knife, chop the chicken into quarters, and serve hot.

Submit a Recipe Correction

#### MY PRIVATE NOTES

Add a Note

Advertisement

Advertisement

### RECIPE MADE WITH LOVE BY

Follow Me

@Dreamgoddess

Contributor

@Dreamgoddess

Contributor

"Firefighters have a nickname (or a curse name) for fire, "The Red Devil."
This chicken is so spicy with red pepper, Italians call it pollo alla diavola,
or "chicken, devil-style." Split, splayed on the grill, and weighted under a
follwrapped brick, the end result is a particularly Juicy bird with a crispy
skin. A heavy cast-iron skillet works well as a weight, also. Recipe from: The
Firehouse Grilling Cookbook Prep time includes marinating the chicken."

  * ###### recipes

315

  * ###### tweaks

31

  * ###### photos

152

icons / sparkles / sparkles

### JOIN THE CONVERSATION

icons / sparkles / sparkles

icons / camera

upload

icons / star / star-outline

review

icons / write-a-review

tweak

icons / question

ask

all

reviews

tweaks

q&a

sort by: most popularmost recent icons / navigate / navigate-down

  1. review by  mightyro_cooking4u 

7/23/2009

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

This was a great recipe to grill. I used a half chicken, but kept all the
other ingredients the same. It didn't have any heat, but it tasty just the
same. I let it marinate for 31/2 hours. Next time I'll add more chili flakes
or sriracha sauce. Will make again. Made for I Recommend Tag. Thanks for
posting.

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  2. photo by  mightyro_cooking4u 

7/23/2009

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  3. photo by  mightyro_cooking4u 

7/23/2009

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  4. review by  Mami J 

3/2/2009

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

This made a great grilled chicken. I asked the butcher to butterfly the
chicken for me to save some time. I used some thyme along with the oregano and
subbed lime juice for the lemon. I also decreased the garlic to 1 clove, as DH
doesn't care too for it too much. Came out very moist and flavorful. Thank you
for posting. Made for I Recommend Tag.

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  5. review by  Chef Jean 

11/13/2008

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

This chicken came out very moist with a great color on the outside. I thought
1 tsp of red pepper flakes was not enough. I accidently let the chicken
marinate for almost 4 hours and was worried it would be to strong, but I found
it to be pretty mild. Great chicken recipe, but could use more red pepper in
my opinion.

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

see 5 more icons / navigate / navigate-down

Advertisement

### YOU'LL ALSO LOVE

Sicilian Red Devil Chicken

by Annacia

9

How to Make Meatball Sub Kolaches

28 Springtime Salads for Easter

42 Ideas for a Ham-Free Easter Dinn...

View All Recipes

### RELATED PAGES

Red DevilChicken ScarparielloSmoky Red Devil EggsRed Devil Hot DogsChicken
Marengo Style (Pollo alla Marengo)Voodoo BruschettaSicilian Red Devil
ChickenRoasted BBQ Chicken with Red Devil RubRed Devil Potato Salad

View Suggestions

BACK TO TOP

icons / social / facebook icons / social / pinterest icons / social / twitter
icons / social / youtube icons / email

  * All Categories 
  * Site Map 
  * About Us 
  * Help 

The Discovery Family of Networks

  * HGTV
  * DIY Network
  * Food Network
  * Cooking Channel
  * Travel Channel
  * HGTV Poland

© 2022 Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. or its subsidiaries and affiliates. All
rights reserved.

  * Advertise
  * AdChoices
  * Privacy Notice
  * Visitor Agreement

California Privacy Notice CA Do Not Sell My Info

