https://www.theloveofspice.com/chicken-lollipop-recipe/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * HOME
  * BREAKFAST
  * MAINS
  * SNACK
  * DESSERTS
  * INSTANT POT
  * MEALTHY MULTIPOT
  * AIR FRYER
  * ABOUT
    * Privacy Policy
  * Search

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * Breakfast
  * Lunch / Dinner
  * Snack
  * Desserts
  * Instant Pot
  * ABOUT

*   * __
  * __
  * __

√ó

Home ¬ª Meal Type ¬ª Appetizer

# Restaurant Style Chicken Lollipop at Home (from Scratch)

Published on October 2, 2020 ¬∑ Updated on October 2, 2020 \- _This post may
contain affiliate links. As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying
purchases. See disclosure policy_.

493 shares

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe Jump to Video Print Recipe

_**Restaurant Style Chicken Lollipop made at home from scratch, and all in
less than 30 minutes of active cooking time!** Makes for the perfect Indian
chicken appetizer for potluck parties, or to indulge during the weekends!
Sprinkle on chaat masala, and pair it with **_green chutney_** or schezwan
dip._

If there is one Indian chicken appetizer that I have to pick, as my absolute
favorite, it'll be chicken lollipops. And it's not a hard decision honestly,
because I love these crispy fried chicken bites that much!  
  
It's my go-to pick whenever we go to restaurants. And the one dish I always
ensure to divide evenly between me and my hubby, even scrutinizing the size of
the pieces. üòõ Not out of any sense of fairness, but out of not wanting an
ounce less of my favorite appetizer. üòÄ  
  
Of-course if the restaurant serves an odd number of pieces, then I always
negotiate for the extra one! Especially because I love it so much more than my
hubby, who prefers the drums of heaven version with the gravy more than this
dry and crispy version of chicken lollipop. So it's fair, you see. üôÇ

Anyway, those negotiating and bartering days are mostly behind us now. Now
that I have figured out how to replicate the restaurant style chicken
lollipops at home. And realized they are super quick and easy to make!

Which is why, this is one recipe, I am especially thrilled to share!

## Ingredients You Need

### _Ingredient Notes:_

**Chicken Lollipop pieces** - If you get ready lollipop pieces at the store,
then this recipe will hardly take any time or effort to make, because all you
need to do is marinate it with spices listed & fry!  
  
If however you don't get lollipop pieces at the store, then you'll need to
make it from wings, which is fairly simple too, but you'll have to account for
time to do that. **_I've shared how to make chicken lollipop pieces from
chicken wings in a video_** shared below.  
  
 **2 Step Marination** - This recipe calls for 2 different marinades, which I
recommend you follow - one for flavoring the chicken, and the other mostly for
giving it the crispy coating.  
  
But both marinades require really basic spices and sauces that are readily
available.

### _Substitutions & Variations:_

**Chilli vs chilli garlic sauce** - If you want a more garlicky flavor, then
you can substitute chilli sauce with chill garlic sauce or do half & half.  
  
 **Egg for marination** - Some folks use egg in the second marinade, but I
don't prefer to use it, as it results in a runnier batter & a thicker coating,
which will not give you the authentic restaurant like taste & texture.  

## How to Make Chicken Lollipop from Chicken Wings

If you get readymade lollipop pieces at the store, then you can skip this
video. If however you get chicken wings, then watch this to know how to make
lollipop from wings, before moving on to the recipe.

## How to Make Chicken Lollipop at Home

### _First Marinade_

In a large bowl, mix together red chilli paste, ginger garlic paste, soy
sauce, chilli vinegar, and salt.  
  
Then mix in the chicken lollipop pieces, and let the chicken marinate in the
spice mix for 15-20 minutes.

### _Second Marinade_

In a bowl, mix together corn flour, rice flour, maida, red & kashmiri chilli
powder, salt & pepper powder, and add the mix to the marinated chicken, along
with some water, and mix everything together.  
  
Adjust the quantity of water required little by little as there will be some
moisture from the earlier marinade.  
  
The goal is to get a semi thick paste-like marinade.

### _Frying the Lollipops_

The lollipops might lose their shape during mixing and marination, so ensure
to re-shape them, right before frying them. And also at that time spread the
marinade around the lollipop, so it gets somewhat of an even coat.  
  
Then deep fry the lollipop pieces, a few at a time, so as to not overcrowd the
pan, and fry for 5-7 minutes till the chicken has cooked, and has turned crisp
and golden brown.

## Serving Suggestion

I usually love to eat chicken lollipops as is, with just some chaat masala
sprinkled on them. But both green chutney and schezwan chutney make for great
dips for chicken lollipops.

## Watch How To Make It!

## Variation

**Drums of Heaven** - Some restaurants use chicken lollipops & drums of heaven
interchangeably, but there is a difference. Chicken lollipops are crispy &
dry, while drums of heaven involve further cooking of lollipops, and flavoring
it with an Indo-chinese spice mix, and it usually results in a semi dry gravy.  
  
It's a recipe that is on my radar to share, so I'll get to it soon.

## _Popular Chicken Recipes_ :

**_Chicken 65 - Stovetop + Oven + Airfryer Recipe_**  
 ** _Spicy Hot Kolhapuri Style Chicken Curry_ **  
**_Instant Pot Chicken Biryani- One Pot Biryani_**  
 ** _Whole Roast Chicken Tandoori Recipe_**

As always, I hope you found this recipe useful. If you did, please let me know
your rating ‚≠êÔ∏è and feedback üì≤ in the comments below, or simply rate the recipe
right on the recipe card. I'd really appreciate it. ‚ù§Ô∏è

## Chicken Lollipop Recipe

step by step recipe for making restaurant style chicken lollipop at home from
scratch

5 from 5 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Appetizer

Cuisine: Indian

Prep Time: 10 minutes

Cook Time: 20 minutes

Total Time: 30 minutes

Servings: 6

Calories: 1830kcal

Author: Shantala Shenoy Nayak

### Ingredients

  * ‚ñ¢ 15 chicken lollipop pieces

#### 1st Marinade

  * ‚ñ¢ 2 tablespoon red chilli paste
  * ‚ñ¢ 2 tablespoon ginger garlic paste
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 teaspoon soy sauce
  * ‚ñ¢ 1/2 teaspoon chilli vinegar
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 teaspoon salt

#### 2nd Marinade

  * ‚ñ¢ 2 tablespoon corn flour
  * ‚ñ¢ 2 tablespoon rice flour
  * ‚ñ¢ 2 tablespoon maida / all purpose flour
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 tablespoon kashmiri chilli powder
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 teaspoon red chilli powder
  * ‚ñ¢ 1/2 teaspoon black pepper powder
  * ‚ñ¢ 1/8 teaspoon salt
  * ‚ñ¢ 3 tablespoon water adjust as needed

### Instructions

#### First Marination

  * In a large bowl, mix together red chilli paste, ginger garlic paste, soy sauce, chilli vinegar, and salt. 

  * Mix in the chicken lollipop pieces, and let the chicken marinate in the spice mix for 15-20 minutes.

#### Second Marination

  * In a bowl, mix together corn flour, rice flour, maida, red & kashmiri chilli powder, salt & pepper powder, and add the mix to the marinated chicken, along with some water, and mix everything together. Adjust the quantity of water required little by little as there will be some moisture from the earlier marinade.

  * The goal is to get a semi thick paste-like marinade, that you will need to ensure is applied somewhat evenly over the lollipop pieces right before frying them. You might also need to re-shape the lollipop pieces before spreading out the marinade on them, just before you fry them.

#### Frying Chicken Lollipops

  * In a frying pan, heat up the oil, and drop the lollipop pieces, a few at a time, so as to not overcrowd the pan, and fry for 5-7 minutes till the chicken has cooked, and has turned crisp and golden brown.

  * Sprinkle chaat masala, and serve with schezwan chutney or green chutney.

### Notes

  1. If you don't have access to ready made chicken lollipop pieces, then you can make them at home from chicken wings. See video shared in the post above, or **click here to see how to convert wings to lollipop**.
  2. If you want a stronger garlic flavor, instead of using red chilli paste, you can use half and half of red chilli paste and chilli garlic paste or just substitute red chilli paste with chilli garlic paste.
  3. Some prefer to add egg in the second marinade, which will give you a runnier batter & a thicker coating on the chicken. Which is fine if you prefer that, but it will not look or taste like the authentic chicken lollipops available in the restaurants.

* * *

_**Please note:** The nutrition values are best estimates provided as a
courtesy. The exact values can vary depending on the exact ingredients or
brands used. __If you rely on them for your specific diet and/or health
issues, please consult a registered dietician or nutritionist._

### Nutrition

Calories: 1830kcal | Carbohydrates: 45g | Protein: 137g | Fat: 117g |
Saturated Fat: 33g | Cholesterol: 555mg | Sodium: 4354mg | Potassium: 1371mg |
Fiber: 5g | Sugar: 1g | Vitamin A: 4232IU | Vitamin C: 25mg | Calcium: 113mg |
Iron: 9mg

### Video Recipe

Tried this Recipe? Tag me Today!Mention @loveofspice or tag #loveofspice!

If you'd like **FREE recipes** and **meal prep ideas** delivered directly to
your email inbox **every Friday in one short email** , then **_subscribe to
the Foodie Friday list HERE_** , and never run out of **ideas on what to cook
over the weekend or prep for the week ahead**. üôÇ

¬´ Instant Pot Ghee in 10 minutes | Homemade Ghee from Unsalted Butter

Mumbai Style Prawns Koliwada Recipe ¬ª

493 shares

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

### Subscribe for Friday Emails with Recipes + Meal Ideas!





## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Œî

## Primary Sidebar

### CONNECT WITH ME!

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

### About Me

Hi there, I am Shantala, an Indian foodie in an American kitchen. Welcome to
The Love of Spice - my food blog, virtual home & passion project, all rolled
into one. On here I share Easy-to-Follow Family Recipes, along with tips on
Indian Meal Planning & Lunch Box Ideas for Kids & Adults. I hope you enjoy the
site, and find it useful. :) read more

### Subscribe for Friday Emails with Recipes + Meal Ideas!





### Recent Posts

## Tandoori Chicken Wings

## Air Fryer Tandoori Chicken (Succulent Tandoori Chicken in Air Fryer)

## Tandoori Chicken (Air Fryer & Oven Recipe)

## Masala Chaas | Spiced Indian Buttermilk

## Mattha | Taak (Chaas Recipe)

### Popular Posts

## How to Make Whole Chicken Tandoori | Whole Tandoori Chicken Recipe

## Coriander Mint Chutney Recipe | Green Chutney Dip for Tandoori, Tikka and
Kababs

## Fail-proof Mysore Pak Recipe [with VIDEO]

## Chicken 65 Recipe (Dry Version) - Three Ways

## Spicy Kolhapuri Misal Recipe | Maharashtrian Misal Pav

Copyright (C) 2022 SHANTALA's KITCHEN

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

493 shares

493 shares

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

