https://www.slurrp.com/recipes/chicken-lollipop-1612537202


Trending on SLURRP

HomeDiscover

Drinks

ArticlesCommunityContestsNutrimeter

Login / Signup

Invite

Login / Signup

Trending on SLURRP

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Chicken Lollipop Recipe

# Chicken Lollipop Recipe

0

0 Rating

Share

  *   *   *   *   *   *   * 

# About Chicken Lollipop Recipe:

An Indian-Chinese appetiser, chicken lollipops are easy to find at Chinese
restaurants across India. They are made by pushing the flesh along the bone
into a fold, to form a meaty end thatâs hearty to bite into.

Chicken lollipops are also known as âdrums of heavenâ. The chicken used
for lollipops is marinated in a spice paste, battered and then deep fried. The
dish isnât easy to find at Chinese restaurants outside India and since
Indian-Chinese cuisine was invented in India. Kolkata is considered the
birthplace of Indian-Chinese food. The cuisine can be traced back to Hakka
Chinese traders who came to Kolkata in the late 1700s; it involves merging
Indian flavours with Chinese ingredients like soy sauce.

... Read More

By Slurrp

  * 21 Ingredients

  * 

Ingredients

Adjust Servings :

1

## Ingredients for Chicken Lollipop Recipe

  * As required MARINADE FOR THE CHICKEN LOLLIPOPS
  * 500 gram Chicken wings
  * As required Soy Sauce
  * As required Green chilli sauce
  * As required Red chilli sauce
  * As required Salt
  * 1/4 teaspoon Msg
  * 1/2 teaspoon Ground black pepper
  * 7 gram Ginger
  * 14 gram Garlic
  * 1 tablespoon Egg whites
  * 4 tablespoon Plain flour
  * 2 tablespoon Cornstarch
  * As required Vegetable oil for deep frying
  * As required FOR THE SAUCE
  * As required Vegetable oil
  * 50 gram Onions
  * tablespoon Chicken stock
  * As required Ketchup
  * As required Dark soy sauce
  * 2 piece Spring onions

Nutrition

  * 92g Fat(30.47%)
  * 114g Protein(37.53%)
  * 71g Carbs(23.35%)
  * 24g Fiber(7.93%)
  * Other(0.71%)

###### Current Totals

  * Fat

92g

  * Protein

114g

  * Carbs

71g

  * Fiber

24g

  * 

###### MacroNutrients

  * Carbs

71g

  * Protein

114g

  * Fiber

24g

###### Fats

  * Fat

92g

###### Vitamins & Minerals

  * Calcium

391mg

  * Iron

14mg

  * Vitamin A

868mcg

  * Vitamin B1

1mg

  * Vitamin B2

1mg

  * Vitamin B3

35mg

  * Vitamin B6

3mg

  * Vitamin B9

297mcg

  * Vitamin B12

0mcg

  * Vitamin C

72mg

  * Vitamin E

7mg

  * Copper

2mcg

  * Magnesium

306mg

  * Manganese

2mg

  * Phosphorus

1319mg

  * Selenium

118mcg

  * Zinc

10mg

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

All nutritional information presented are estimates and not meant to
substitute professional dietary advice or treatment

Directions

See images

## How to Make  Chicken Lollipop Recipe

## Steps To Prepare

STEP 01

Hold the exposed joint with a cloth and scrape away to detach the meat from
the bone and gather it at the other end. This will take some force.

STEP 02

Hold the loose meat with the cloth and pull to turn the meat inside out to
form the second (bigger) lollipop.

STEP 03

Marinate the chicken with soy sauce, green chilli sauce, red chilli sauce,
salt, msg, pepper, ginger, garlic, and egg whites in a mixing bowl. Leave for
30 minutes.

## Cooking Directions

STEP 01

Make the sauce with red chilli sauce, ketchup and dark soy sauce. Before
frying, add cornflour to the marinated lollipops

STEP 05

Heat oil in a pan for deep frying. Fry the chicken lollipops and set them
aside.

STEP 06

Heat oil and fry chopped onions, ginger, garlic, sugar, pepper, sauces and
salt. Add the chicken and mix everything well.

## Storage And Serving Method

STEP 01

Garnish with spring onions and serve.

## Steps To Prepare

STEP 01

Hold the exposed joint with a cloth and scrape away to detach the meat from
the bone and gather it at the other end. This will take some force.

STEP 02

Hold the loose meat with the cloth and pull to turn the meat inside out to
form the second (bigger) lollipop.

STEP 03

Marinate the chicken with soy sauce, green chilli sauce, red chilli sauce,
salt, msg, pepper, ginger, garlic, and egg whites in a mixing bowl. Leave for
30 minutes.

## Cooking Directions

STEP 01

Make the sauce with red chilli sauce, ketchup and dark soy sauce. Before
frying, add cornflour to the marinated lollipops

STEP 05

Heat oil in a pan for deep frying. Fry the chicken lollipops and set them
aside.

STEP 06

Heat oil and fry chopped onions, ginger, garlic, sugar, pepper, sauces and
salt. Add the chicken and mix everything well.

## Storage And Serving Method

STEP 01

Garnish with spring onions and serve.

#### You may also like

Previous

Chicken Lollipop

3 Hr 30 mins

Chicken Lollipops

30 mins

Chicken Lollipop

15 mins

Chicken Lollipop

Chicken Lollipop Fry

45 mins

Sesame Chicken Lollipops

1 Hr 10 mins

Chicken Wing Lollipop

15 mins

Smoked Bacon Wrapped Chicken Lollipops

2 Hr 35 mins

Prawn Lollipop

25 mins

Chocolate Fish Lollipops

30 mins

Bacon Lollipops

1 Hr

Beef Tenderloin Lollipops

40 mins

Indo-chinese Lollipops

40 mins

Sea Scallop Lollipops

20 mins

Almond Panko Crusted Lamb Lollipops

40 mins

Next

  *   *   * 

### Download App

* * ##### Company

  * About
  * Help & Support
  * FAQs
  * Partner with us

##### Quick Links

  * Nutrimeter
  * Meal Plan
  * My Collection
  * Curated recipe

##### Legal

  * Privacy Policy
  * Cookie Policy
  * Terms & Conditions
  * Sitemap
  * Community Guidelines

##### Top Stories

  * 5 Amazing Health Benefits Of Solkadhi
  * Kayi Sasive Chitranna: Humble Rice Meal With Spicy Flavours
  * Hayagreeva: Classic Chickpea Lentils And Jaggery Sweetmeal
  * Healthful and Classic Beetroot Chutney Recipe
  * Tapioca Chips: Crispy, Starchy Bites 

Company

  * About
  * Help & Support
  * FAQs
  * Partner with us

Legal

  * Privacy Policy
  * Cookie Policy
  * Terms & Conditions
  * Sitemap
  * Community Guidelines

Quick Links

  * Nutrimeter
  * Meal Plan
  * My Collection
  * Curated recipe

Top Stories

  * 5 Amazing Health Benefits Of Solkadhi
  * Kayi Sasive Chitranna: Humble Rice Meal With Spicy Flavours
  * Hayagreeva: Classic Chickpea Lentils And Jaggery Sweetmeal
  * Healthful and Classic Beetroot Chutney Recipe
  * Tapioca Chips: Crispy, Starchy Bites 

### Partner sites : Â Â

  * Hindustan Times
  * Live Hindustan
  * Live Mint
  * Desimartini
  * Shine
  * Healthshots
  * OTT Play

Â©2022 Slurrp, HT Media Labs. All rights reserved.

Slurrp is a recipe aggregator that helps one find recipes based on one's diet
choices, fitness goals and taste preferences. It provides calorie-counted
recipes across cuisines and meals types and caters to all levels of cooking
skills -- from a beginner to an expert. It also offers a nutrimeter that
calculates the precise nutrient intake based on the user's height and weight
to recommend recipes for each meal. Once youâve shortlisted recipes that you
want to prepare, you can also add them to your Meal Plan which pins your
recipes on the calendar so you can plan your meals in advance.

