https://nithisclickncook.com/chicken-lollipop/


Skip to content

## Subscribe

  * Home
  * Meet Nithya
  * Recipe IndexExpand
    * Breakfast MenuExpand
      * Indian Breakfast
      * Bread and Muffin
      * Egg Breakfast Recipes
      * Chutney
      * Jam & Spreads
    * AppetiserExpand
      * Soup
      * Chips and Dips
      * Savoury
      * Vegetarian Starter
      * Kebab & Grilled Recipes
    * Lunch RecipesExpand
      * 30 Minutes Lunch
      * 60 Minutes Lunch
      * Biriyani
      * One Pot Meal
      * Indian Breads
      * Pasta & Noodles
      * Homemade Powder
    * Dinner MenuExpand
      * 15 Minutes Dinner
      * 30 Minutes Dinner
      * Indian Dinner Recipes
      * Pasta & Noodles
      * Soup & Salad
    * Curries & Gravy RecipesExpand
      * Chicken & Mutton Curry
      * Egg Curry
      * Seafood Curry
      * Vegetarian Curry
    * Stir Fry RecipesExpand
      * Chicken & Mutton Side Dishes
      * Egg Side Dishes
      * Seafood Side Dishes
      * Veggie Side Dishes
    * Desserts & Sweets RecipesExpand
      * Indian Desserts
      * Brownie & Cookies
      * Cake & Cupcake
      * Eggless Baking
      * Pudding & Pie
      * Ice Cream
    * International CuisineExpand
      * Arabian Recipes
      * Asian Recipes
      * Chinese Recipes
      * Continental Recipes
      * Italian Recipes
      * Mexican Recipes
      * Thai Recipes
  * Contact MeExpand
    * Privacy Policy

Toggle Menu

Search

## Subscribe

# Chicken Lollipop made at home

ByNithya Narasimhan June 17, 2021June 17, 2021

Jump to Recipe·Print Recipe

Sharing is caring!

150 shares

  *   *   *   * 

The most **desirable pieces of chicken** bathed in a spicy red paste and fried
to a succulent, crispy Chicken Lollipop, is an easy win at any party.

They taste as good as they look! The **crunch at each bite** and the
**tenderness** at each mouthful makes you want to take one more; it is no
exaggeration. It never is enough!

What You'll Find in This Post (Show all)

__

  * What is Chicken Lollipop?
  * Reason to love Chicken Lollipop recipe: 
  * Ingredients- what you’ll need: 
  * Step by Step Instructions:
  * Lollipop sauce Ingredients: 
  * Top tips: 
  * Other Recipes you may like to try:
  * Chicken Lollipop at home
    * Description
    * Ingredients
      * 2nd Marinade: 
      * To deep-fry: 
      * To make the sauce: 
    * Instructions
      * To Make Sauce: 
    * Notes
    * Did you make this recipe?

## **What is Chicken Lollipop?**

Chicken lollipop is a **well-known appetizer** in the Indo-Asian cuisine. It’s
almost available in most of the Indian restaurants.

In technical terms, it is a **frenched chicken winglet** , where the meat is
cut from the bone end and pushed down making it look like a lollipop.

The leg bone is cleaned to look like a stick. Ready-made cut wings in the
shape of a lollipop are available at stores.

The marinated chicken is either **deep-fried or baked.**

It’s your call. Just before frying, flour and cornflour is added to the
chicken for that **crispy touch.**

Chicken Lollipops are usually served hot as an **appetizer or a side dish,**
where the exposed bone is covered by Aluminium foil.

## **Reason to love Chicken Lollipop** recipe:

Today, when I can’t imagine my cuisine without chicken, my all-time favourite,
this dish is no exception from my hub of recipes.

**My mom,** my mentor, the one who introduced me to the world of Chicken
Lollipops, is the prime inspiration for my recipes

You can draw inspiration from any flavour you love and modify these lip-
smacking chicken lollipops recipe to your **heart’s desire.**

**Perfect for any parties** , Chicken Lollipops gets easily sold when kids are
around. That’s the best part, they are my kid’s favourite too (she obviously
takes after me).

## Ingredients- what you’ll need:

  * **Chicken lollipop** – To make these things easier, you can buy the ready-made lollipop that is easily available or buy the wings and make the lollipop chicken drumsticks.

  * **Ginger garlic paste** – Prefer using homemade made ginger garlic paste as it has more flavors.

  * **Vinegar** – You can substitute lemon juice.

  * **Soysauce** – I used light soy sauce, but if you use dark soy sauce, 1 teaspoon will suffice.

  * **Tomato paste:** Add a lovely tartness to the recipe; do not substitute tomato ketchup. Tomato paste has a stronger flavour and a thicker consistency.

  * **Chilli powder** – You can also use Kashmiri chili powder as well.

  * **Pepper powder** – It adds a spicy kick to the recipe.

## Step by Step Instructions:

  * Take washed chicken lollipop in a mixing bowl, Stir in all the ingredients listed under “ **Marination 1** ”. **(Photos 1 & 2)**

  * Rub all the spices well. Set aside for 15 to 20 minutes. **( Photo 3)**

  * Take all-purpose flour, corn starch, chili powder, and salt for the **Second marination.** **(Photo 4)**

  * Sprinkle the flour’s over the marinated chicken & Toss to coat the chicken well. **(Photos 5 & 6)**

  * Heat about two inches of oil in a wok or kadhai. Once the oil heats up, add the battered lollipop one by one. **(Photos 7 & 8) **

  * Fry these over medium heat till golden brown, it takes around 4 to 5 minutes. **(Photo 9)**

  * Drain out the chicken lollipop and set it aside. **(Photo 10)**

## Lollipop sauce Ingredients:

(Tomato sauce is not in the picture! but it is included in the recipe. Please
Refer Recipe card for all the ingredients with measurements)

  * Heat oil in a pan, add minced ginger, garlic, green chili Stir for 1 minute. **(Photo 11)**

  * In goes red chili sauce, soya sauce, and tomato sauce. **(Photo 12)**

  * Stir everything to combine for another 2 minutes. or until the sauce is slightly thickened. **(Photo 13)**

  * Add the fried chicken lollipop, Toss to coat the chicken with the sauce, sprinkle chopped spring onions and serve them hot. **(Photo 14)**

## Top tips:

  1. Covering the exposed bone with a **small piece of aluminium foil** will prevent the bones from turning black while grilling
  2. Adding **butter to the pan while baking,** adds more flavour and moisture if you are baking. 
  3. **Never add water to the marinade** unless needed; it will dilute the seasonings
  4. The thicker the coating on the chicken, the **crispier the lollipops** will be
  5. Always deep fry the chicken at **medium high**.

**Health Benefits**

When deep-fried, Chicken Lollipop recipe is of course, high in fat and
calories, so go ahead and grill them. Just make sure to use a non-fat cooking
spray to coat the pan. Having said that, being high in calories is favourable
for kids, so treat them in controlled portions.

If you go for **skin-less** , it helps in **cutting down a few more
calories.**

**Note**

Corn flour can be substituted with **rice flour** for the coating. An
alternative is to dip the Lollipops in **breadcrumbs, for an even crunchier
bite.**

**FAQ**

  * **What is Chicken Lollipop best served with?**

Best served hot with **Szechuan sauce**

  * **Can Chicken Lollipops be prepped ahead of time?**

**Yes** , the marinated chicken can be **refrigerated overnight** and fried
the next day; if not, fry them once and store them for some hours and slightly
fry them at a high temperature the 2nd time while serving

  * **What is the minimum amount of time needed for the chicken to be marinated?**

At least **20 minutes**

## Other Recipes you may like to try:

Buffalo chicken

Lemon garlic Chicken drumsticks

Chicken 65 Recipe

Barbecue chicken

Garlic herb Butter Roasted Chicken

Check out All the Chicken Recipes Here.

Did you know commenting and rating recipes is one of the best ways you can
support your favorite food bloggers? If you made this recipe, please click the
stars below to comment and Rate this Recipe and/or share photos on social
media using the hashtag #Nithisclickncook or tagging @nithisclickncook

Print

clock clock iconcutlery cutlery iconflag flag iconfolder folder iconinstagram
instagram iconpinterest pinterest iconfacebook facebook iconprint print
iconsquares squares iconheart heart iconheart solid heart solid icon

## Chicken Lollipop at home

* * *

★★★★★

5 from 1 reviews

  * Author: Nithya Narasimhan
  * Prep Time: 5 minutes
  * Cook Time: 20 minutes
  * Total Time: 25 minutes
  * Yield: 3 1x
  * Diet: Halal

Print Recipe

### Description

The most **desirable pieces of chicken** bathed in a spicy red paste and fried
to a succulent, crispy Chicken Lollipop, is an easy win at any party.

They taste as good as they look! The crunch at each bite and the tenderness at
each mouthful makes you want to take one more; it is no exaggeration. It never
is enough!

* * *

### Ingredients

Scale 1x2x3x

**1st Marinade: **

  * 10 Chicken wings
  * 1 tablespoon Ginger garlic paste
  * 2 teaspoon Soy sauce
  * 1 teaspoon vinegar ( or lemon juice)
  * 1 teaspoon chili powder
  * 1 teaspoon pepper powder
  * 1.5 teaspoon tomato paste
  * Salt

#### 2nd Marinade:

  * 1/4 cup all-purpose flour
  * 2 tablespoon Corn starch
  * 1/2 teaspoon chili powder
  * Salt

#### To deep-fry:

  * Vegetable oil

#### To make the sauce:

  * 2 teaspoon vegetable oil
  * 3 garlic (minced)
  * 1 tablespoon ginger ( minced)
  * 1 green chili ( minced)
  * 1 teaspoon spring onion
  * 1/2 teaspoon soy sauce
  * 1 teaspoon red chili sauce
  * 1 teaspoon tomato sauce/ketchup

* * *

### Instructions

  1. Take washed chicken lollipop in a mixing bowl, Stir in all the ingredients listed under “marination 1”.
  2. Rub all the spices well. Set aside for 10 to 15 minutes.
  3. Take all-purpose flour, corn starch, chili powder, and salt for the second marination.
  4. Sprinkle the flour’s over the marinated chicken & Toss to coat the chicken well.
  5. Heat about two inches of oil in a wok or kadhai. Once the oil heats up, add the battered lollipop one by one.
  6. Fry these over medium heat till golden brown, it takes around 4 to 5 minutes.
  7. Drain out the chicken lollipop and set it aside.

#### To Make Sauce:

  1. Heat oil in a pan, add minced ginger, garlic, green chili Stir for 1 minute.
  2. In goes red chili sauce, soya sauce, and tomato sauce.
  3. Stir everything to combine for another 2 minutes. or until the sauce is slightly thickened.
  4. Add the fried chicken lollipop, Toss to coat the chicken with the sauce, sprinkle chopped spring onions and serve them hot.

### Notes

Covering the exposed bone with a small piece of aluminium foil will prevent
the bones from turning black while grilling

Adding butter to the pan while baking, adds more flavour and moisture

Never add water to the marinade unless needed; it will dilute the seasonings

The thicker the coating on the chicken, the crispier the lollipops will be

Always deep fry the chicken at medium high

  * Category: Starter
  * Method: Stovetop
  * Cuisine: Indian

Keywords: chicken lollipop, chicken lollipop recipe, drums of heaven

### Did you make this recipe?

Tag @nithisclickncook on Instagram and hashtag it #nithisclickncook

Sharing is caring!

150 shares

  *   *   *   * 

## Post navigation

Previous Previous

Pesto eggs

NextContinue

Baked feta pasta recipe

## 2 Comments

  1. **Steve** says:

at

My fav recipe at restaurants… I will try…

★★★★★

Reply

    1. **Nithya Narasimhan** says:

at

Thank you

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe rating _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_

Comment *

Name

Email

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Search for:

Search

## hello

## Hi, I’m Nithya!

Hello my dear readers, this is Nithya, a foodie, hodophile, dancer and
blogger. I just love food and enjoy every bit of the flavour in it. I am
thrilled to share my journey.

Read more

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

## Sign up for email updates

## Never miss a recipe

Search for:

Search

Facebook Instagram Pinterest Twitter Email RSS

CONTACT US

© 2022 Nithi's Click n Cook · Custom site by Moonsteam Design · Privacy Policy
· Disclaimer

  * Home
  * Meet Nithya
  * Recipe IndexExpand child menuExpand

    * Breakfast MenuExpand child menuExpand

      * Indian Breakfast
      * Bread and Muffin
      * Egg Breakfast Recipes
      * Chutney
      * Jam & Spreads
    * AppetiserExpand child menuExpand

      * Soup
      * Chips and Dips
      * Savoury
      * Vegetarian Starter
      * Kebab & Grilled Recipes
    * Lunch RecipesExpand child menuExpand

      * 30 Minutes Lunch
      * 60 Minutes Lunch
      * Biriyani
      * One Pot Meal
      * Indian Breads
      * Pasta & Noodles
      * Homemade Powder
    * Dinner MenuExpand child menuExpand

      * 15 Minutes Dinner
      * 30 Minutes Dinner
      * Indian Dinner Recipes
      * Pasta & Noodles
      * Soup & Salad
    * Curries & Gravy RecipesExpand child menuExpand

      * Chicken & Mutton Curry
      * Egg Curry
      * Seafood Curry
      * Vegetarian Curry
    * Stir Fry RecipesExpand child menuExpand

      * Chicken & Mutton Side Dishes
      * Egg Side Dishes
      * Seafood Side Dishes
      * Veggie Side Dishes
    * Desserts & Sweets RecipesExpand child menuExpand

      * Indian Desserts
      * Brownie & Cookies
      * Cake & Cupcake
      * Eggless Baking
      * Pudding & Pie
      * Ice Cream
    * International CuisineExpand child menuExpand

      * Arabian Recipes
      * Asian Recipes
      * Chinese Recipes
      * Continental Recipes
      * Italian Recipes
      * Mexican Recipes
      * Thai Recipes
  * Contact MeExpand child menuExpand

    * Privacy Policy

Toggle Menu Close

Search for:

Search

