https://www.spiceupthecurry.com/chilli-garlic-noodles-recipe/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

Spice Up The Curry

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipes
    * By Category
    * By Ingredients
    * Festivals
    * Collections
  * Subscribe
  *     * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * YouTube

  * Search

menu icon

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Ingredients
  * Festivals
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

search icon

Search

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Ingredients
  * Festivals
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

×

Home » Cuisine » Indo-Chinese

# Chilli Garlic Noodles Recipe

Published: Dec 12, 2016 · Last Modified: Jul 13, 2018 by Kanan Patel / 2
Comments

Jump to Recipe Pin Recipe

 **Chilli garlic noodles recipe -** EASY and QUICK to make chinese noodles
recipe. As the name says, **it has garlicky flavor with spicy taste** , though
you can control the spice level easily.

**For making this chilli garlic noodles, we require very minimal
ingredients.** Also we are not adding any veggies here, so there will be very
less chopping work unlike other indo-chinese recipes. And so this can be ready
in jiffy.

Even though we are not using much ingredients, this still taste so flavorful
and delicious.

But still if you want to add vegetables, then you can add finely chopped
carrot, cabbage, green beans, capsicum and mushrooms.

**Here I have used fresh red chilies and made it moderate spicy.** We do not
prefer fiery spicy. But adjust the amount of chilies as per your liking.

**Instead of fresh red chilies, you can use dried red chilies**. In that case
you can cut the chilies using kitchen scissors. This will add hint of spicy
taste. To get more spicy taste, roughly crush the chilies and use.

Other noodles recipe on the blog  
Schezwan noodles //  Veg hakka noodles // Veg Chowmein // Veg american
chopsuey

* * *

## How to make Chilli garlic noodles recipe (Step by Step Photos):

* * *

or Jump to Recipe

1) First to boil the noodles, bring 4-5 cups of water to a boil on medium
heat. Add pinch of salt in it. Once it starts rolling boil, add noodles in
that. Cook as per the package instruction.

2) Once cooked, drain the water. Run the cold water over it so it stops
cooking. Add few teaspoons of oil and toss the noodles. Keep it aside.

Check out this detailed instructions with photos and notes to cook perfect
non-sticky noodles.  

3) Heat the sesame oil in a pan on medium heat. Once hot add chopped garlic
and chilies.

4) Saute for few seconds or till the raw smell of garlic goes away. Do not
brown the garlic, cook just to remove the raw edge.  

5) Now add spring onions and red chili flakes.

6) Cook for only one minute.  

7) Then lower the heat. Add soy sauce,.

8) Also add red chilli sauce  
  
9) and vinegar. Also add salt. Be careful with salt, soy sauce is already
salty.

10) Mix well.  

11) Now add noodles and spring onion greens.

12) Toss well till the sauce is coated to the noodles properly. Then turn off
the stove.  

Serve hot/warm.

_**Serving suggestion:**_ Serve chilli garlic noodles with veg manchurian
gravy, gobi manchurian gravy or chilli paneer gravy, chilli mushroom.

Step by Step Photos AboveWant to make it perfect first time? Don't forget to
check out Step-by-Step photo instructions and helpful Tips & Tricks !!

Print Pin

## Chilli Garlic Noodles Recipe

4 from 1 vote

Tried this recipe? Leave a comment and/or give ★ ratings

Chilli garlic noodles recipe – EASY and QUICK to make chinese noodles recipe.
As the name says, it has garlicky flavor with spicy taste

Author: Kanan

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Indo Chinese

Calories: 233kcal

Servings 3 servings

Prep Time 10 minutes

Cook Time 15 minutes

Total Time 25 minutes

US measuring cups are used (1 cup = 240 ml) See details

### Ingredients  

1x2x3x

  * ▢ 200 to 225 grams Noodles
  * ▢ 4-5 cups Water
  * ▢ 3 tablespoons Sesame oil
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons Garlic finely chopped
  * ▢ 2-3 Fresh red chilies sliced
  * ▢ ½ cup Spring onion (green onion or scallion) White part, chopped
  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon Red chilli flakes
  * ▢ Salt to taste
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Chilli sauce
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon White distilled vinegar
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons Spring onion (green onion or scallion) Green stalk, chopped finely

### Instructions

#### Boiling the noodles:

  * Bring 4-5 cups of water to a boil in a saucepan on medium heat. Add pinch of salt in it

  * Once it starts rolling boil, add noodles in that. Cook as per the package instruction.

  * Once cooked, drain the water.

  * Run the cold water over it so it stops cooking.

  * Add few teaspoons of oil and toss the noodles. Keep it aside.

#### Making chilli garlic noodles recipe:

  * Heat the sesame oil in a pan on medium heat.

  * Once hot add chopped garlic and chilies. Saute for few seconds or till the raw smell of garlic goes away. Do not brown the garlic.

  * Now add spring onions and red chili flakes. Cook for only one minute.

  * Then lower the heat. Add soy sauce, red chilli sauce and vinegar. Also add salt. Be careful with salt, soy sauce is already salty. Mix well.

  * Now add noodles and spring onion greens.

  * Toss well till the sauce is coated to the noodles properly.

  * Then turn off the stove.

### Nutrition

Calories: 233kcal | Carbohydrates: 21.1g | Protein: 4.2g | Fat: 15.1g |
Saturated Fat: 2.2g | Cholesterol: 19mg | Sodium: 514mg | Potassium: 135mg |
Fiber: 1.7g | Sugar: 1.2g | Vitamin A: 400IU | Vitamin C: 8.3mg | Calcium:
50mg | Iron: 0.9mg

*Nutrition information is a rough estimate for 1 serving

Did you make this recipe?Snap a pic, mention @spice.up.the.curry or tag
#spiceupthecurry. I would love to see.

« Cabbage paratha recipe

Celery soup recipe »

656 shares

  * Facebook634
  * Pinterest22
  * WhatsApp

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Nirav

December 13, 2016 at 9:54 am

Nice wintery collection goes perfect with veg.manchurian and manchow soup. I
guess that's the dinner plan for one of this week night.

thanks,

Reply

    * Kanan

December 13, 2016 at 10:58 pm

Great. Happy cooking!!

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi, I'm Kanan Patel**. I share easy, delicious vegetarian recipes (mostly
Indian) and Eggless baking recipes that you can sure count on!

More about me →

### Indian Spice Box

### Top Recipes

  * Eggless Chocolate Chip Cookies

  * World’s BEST Eggless Brownies

  * Punjabi Shahi Paneer (Restaurant Style)

  * Chipotle Sauce

  * Eggless Banana Muffins Recipe

  * Frankie Recipe (Bombay Veg Frankie Roll)

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * About Kanan
  * Privacy Policy
  * Disclosure
  * Accessibility Policy
  * Nutrition Disclaimer

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates. Plus get a bonus cooking tips!

### Resources

  * Conversion Chart
  * Glossary
  * Recipe Index
  * Contact

### As Featured In

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2022 Spice Up The Curry

