https://www.currytrail.in/chili-garlic-noodles/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

**Subscribe** to the newsletter!

Curry Trail

Simple Flavorful Recipes For The Home Cook

Search for search

MenusearchSearch

  * Starters/Appetizers
  * Main Dishes
  * Side Dish
  * Desserts
  * Summer Time Favorite
  * About Me

Search for search

  * Starters/Appetizers
  * Main Dishes
  * Side Dish
  * Desserts
  * Summer Time Favorite
  * About Me

Home > Asian Recipes > **15 Minutes Chili Butter Garlic Noodles**

# 15 Minutes Chili Butter Garlic Noodles

Last updated January 4, 2021. Originally posted November 6, 2020 By Jyothi
Rajesh 10 Comments

Jump to Recipe Rate this Recipe Print Recipe

**_The best butter chili garlic noodles are only 15 minutes away for you to
enjoy. Dinner can’t get easier than this. You probably have all the
ingredients in your pantry already._**

## **What You Will Love About This Garlic Noodles Recipe?**

  * They’re **quick** and very **easy** to make. You’ll need **15 minutes** to bring dinner to the table.
  * Basic **pantry ingredients** needed. You probably have most ingredients already in your pantry (check substitution section if case your pantry lacks any ingredients mentioned in the recipe).
  * This is **comfort food** in a bowl. Can it eaten as it is or served with almost anything and everything.
  * Though the dish is simple to make, it’s packed with **umami flavors**. Goodness of garlic, chili and butter makes this the best garlic noodles you’ll ever have.
  * You can really use **any type of noodles** for this recipe. Eggs noodles, ramen noodles, soba noodles, spaghetti, whole wheat noodles or for gluten free options use brown rice noodles, quinoa noodles, millet noodles. Use whatever is your preference.
  * Recipe can be **totally customized** to fit your taste. Feel free to reduce sriracha and skip chili flakes according to your palate and heat tolerance levels.
  * A _fusion_ recipe with great Asian flavors. You can’t go wrong with this recipe.
  * It can be **served** with almost **everything**! To make it whole meals serve it with - grilled steaks, baked salmon, with garlic shrimps, grilled chicken tossed with it, with tofu, just about anything.
  * Once you try it, you’ll be hooked with it’s simplicity and taste.
  * This easily fits in your busy week dinner menu list.

## **Ingredient’s You’ll Need**

Here’s what you’ll need-

  * 2 tablespoon butter
  * 1 tablespoon olive oil
  * 7 cloves garlic, minced
  * 2 scallions, sliced thin
  * 12 oz packet noodles, use any type of noodles – egg noodles, soba noodles, spaghetti, brown rice noodles, quinoa noodles
  * ¼ cup Parmesan cheese

For Sauce:

  * 2 tablespoon sriracha sauce
  * 2 teaspoon low sodium soy sauce
  * 2 tablespoon oyster sauce
  * 2 teaspoon brown sugar, or agave, honey
  * 1 teaspoon red chili flakes (optional)
  * Salt (as needed, taste first and then add salt)
  * ¼ teaspoon ground pepper

For Garnish:

  * Green onions
  * Sesame seeds

**Butter:** use unsalted butter.

**Olive oil:** olive oil keeps butter from browning fast. For strong Asian
flavors use Sesame oil instead of olive oil.

**Noodles:** You can really use any type of noodles for this recipe. Eggs
noodles, ramen noodles, soba noodles, spaghetti, whole wheat noodles or for
gluten free options use brown rice noodles, quinoa noodles, millet noodles.
Use whatever is your preference.

**Garlic:** Fresh garlic please. No garlic powder. You can increase the amount
of garlic if you are garlic lover, but please do not reduce it, after all this
is garlic noodles.

**Scallions:** use white part of scallion to saute in oil along with garlic to
infuse amazing flavors.

**Oyster Sauce:** vegetarians use vegetarian oyster flavoured sauce.

**Soy Sauce:** it’s best to use low sodium soy sauce. Regular soy sauce can
also be used, but remember regular soy sauce will be salty and you have to
avoid adding salt.

**Sriracha Sauce:** to add kick to the noodles. You can use any type of hot
sauce. Feel free to adjust the amount according to your spice preference.

**Red Chili Flakes(optional):** please skip it if you can’t handle heat well.
I love spice and I can tolerate it well. So I went with both sriracha sauce
and chili flakes.

**Salt n Pepper** : DO NOT ADD SALT in the beginning. Taste test and add salt
only if required. Oyster sauce and soy sauce together will be salty enough for
the dish. I used low sodium soy sauce, I added just a pinch of salt since it
was needed.

Use freshly ground pepper.

**Parmesan Cheese (optional)** – cheese enhances the taste.

Use green onions and sesame seeds for garnish.

#### **Additions & Substitutions**

Chili garlic noodles dish can take sesame taste very well. You can add a
tablespoon of **tahini** if you like. It works great with this recipe.

You can add veggies like bell peppers, carrots, snow peas. Add to pan after
scallions and cook veggies for just a minute or 2. Veggies should be slightly
soft but still have crunch to it.

Along with garlic, you can include fresh ginger (chopped fine) in the recipe
for added flavor.

_Substitutions_

_brown sugar_ with honey, agave.

_Sriracha Sauce_ with **sweet chili sauce** , sambal oelek, Gochujang,
schezwan sauce or any hot sauce.

_Oyster_ sauce with hoisin sauce or simply use soy sauce instead.

## **How To Make Garlic Noodles?**

  * Bring a pot of water to boil. Cook noodles as per packet instructions. Cook noodles slightly under so they don’t get over cooked when tosses with sauce in wok. 
  * Drain slightly under cooked noodles and keep aside.
  * While water is boiling stir ingredients for sauce in a bowl. Add sriracha sauce, low sodium soy sauce, oyster sauce, brown sugar, red chili flakes (optional), ground pepper and salt (if needed). 
  * Mix well together and keep aside.

  * In a large wok or skillet melt butter. Add olive oil to the pan.
  * When hot, add minced garlic and saute on low flame for about 2 minutes.
  * Add scallions and saute. Let garlic and scallions infuse in butter for about 3 to 4 minutes on low flame. Do not brown scallions and garlic.
  * Add prepared sauce into the sauce. Mix well.
  * Let it cook for 1 minute.
  * Turn heat to low and add cooked noodles to the pan. Toss or mix to coat noodles in sauce well.
  * Add grated Parmesan cheese (optional). Mix well.
  * Turn off flame.
  * Garnish with green onions and sesame seeds.
  * Serve immediately hot.

## **Serving Suggestions For Chili Butter Garlic Noodles**

Garlic noodles is great to be served as it is.

Serve with soft boiled eggs or fried eggs along for your protein portion.

If you want to make it a complete balanced meal, you can add other proteins
while cooking. Grilled chicken cut into pieces, left over rotisserie chicken
shredded and added to noodles, shrimp goes great with garlic noodles, or tofu
for vegetarians.

## **Tips To Make Best Chili Butter Garlic Noodles**

  1. Cook noodles as per packet instructions. Cook noodles slightly under so they don’t get over cooked when tosses with sauce in wok. Drain slightly under cooked noodles and keep aside.
  2. Let garlic and scallions infuse in butter before you add the sauce. Infusing garlic in butter will give the dish the umami flavors.
  3. Use low sodium soy sauce to keep it healthy.
  4. Stir sauce ingredients and keep it ready before cooking. You want to toss everything fast once you start.
  5. Do not add salt unless needed. Taste test first and then add salt if needed.
  6. If you can handle heat well, feel free to add more sriracha sauce and don’t skip red chili flakes.
  7. If you can’t handle heat, please skip red chili flakes, adjust sriracha sauce according to your heat tolerance levels.
  8. You can add proteins like chicken, shrimp or tofu to the dish.

## **How To Store Leftovers?**

Any leftovers can be stored in air tight container refrigerated for about 4 to
5 days.

**MORE QUICK AND EASY STIR FRY RECIPES:**

**Chicken And Broccoli Stir Fry**

**Thai Basil Chicken**

**Cashew Chicken**

**Shrimp Stir Fry**

**General Tso's Tofu**

**Zucchini Stir Fry**

Don’t forget to Subscribe to  **CurryTrail  ** Recipes newsletter to get our
newest recipes delivered straight to your inbox.

**LOVE THIS RECIPE? KEEP IN TOUCH AND DON’T MISS OUT ON ANY OF CURRYTRAIL
RECIPES! FOLLOW ME ON  INSTAGRAM, PINTEREST, FACEBOOK, TWITTER.**

**HAVE YOU TRIED ONE OF MY RECIPES? I’D LOVE TO SEE WHAT YOU’VE MADE! TAKE A
PICTURE AND USE THE HASHTAG  _#CURRYTRAIL_  ON INSTAGRAM SO I CAN SEE! I’LL DO
A HAPPY DANCE IF YOU TRY MY RECIPE AND SHARE IT WITH US!**

5 from 8 votes

## 15 Minutes Chili Butter Garlic Noodles

Jyothi Rajesh

The best butter chili garlic noodles are only 15 minutes away for you to
enjoy. Dinner can’t get easier than this. You probably have all the
ingredients in your pantry already.

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

Print Recipe Pin Recipe Rate this Recipe

Prep Time 10 mins

Cook Time 15 mins

Course Dinner, Main Course, mains

Cuisine Asian

Servings 4 servings

Calories 502

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * ▢ 2 tablespoon butter
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon olive oil
  * ▢ 7 cloves garlic minced
  * ▢ 2 scallions sliced thin
  * ▢ 12 oz packet noodles use any type of noodles – egg noodles, soba noodles, spaghetti, brown rice noodles, quinoa noodles
  * ▢ ¼ cup Parmesan cheese

#### For Sauce:

  * ▢ 2 tablespoon sriracha sauce
  * ▢ 2 teaspoon low sodium soy sauce
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon oyster sauce
  * ▢ 2 teaspoon brown sugar or agave, honey
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon red chili flakes optional
  * ▢ Salt as needed, taste first and then add salt
  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon ground pepper

#### For Garnish:

  * ▢ Green onions
  * ▢ Sesame seeds

### Instructions



  * Bring a pot of water to boil. Cook noodles as per packet instructions. Once noodles are al-dente drain noodles.

  * While water is boiling stir ingredients for sauce in a bowl. Add sriracha sauce, low sodium soy sauce, oyster sauce, brown sugar, red chili flakes (optional), ground pepper and salt (if needed). Mix well together and keep aside.

  * In a large wok or skillet melt butter. Add olive oil to the pan.

  * When hot, add minced garlic and saute on low flame for about 2 minutes.

  * Add scallions and saute. Let garlic and scallions infuse in butter for about 3 to 4 minutes on low flame. Do not brown scallions and garlic.

  * Add prepared sauce into the sauce. Mix well.

  * Let it cook for 1 minute.

  * Turn heat to low and add cooked noodles to the pan. Toss or mix to coat noodles in sauce well.

  * Add grated Parmesan cheese (optional). Mix well.

  * Turn off flame.

  * Garnish with green onions and sesame seeds.

  * Serve immediately hot.

### Video

### Notes

  1. Cook noodles as per packet instructions. Cook noodles slightly under so they don’t get over cooked when tosses with sauce in wok. Drain slightly under cooked noodles and keep aside.
  2. Let garlic and scallions infuse in butter before you add the sauce. Infusing garlic in butter will give the dish the umami flavors.
  3. Use low sodium soy sauce to keep it healthy.
  4. Stir sauce ingredients and keep it ready before cooking. You want to toss everything fast once you start.
  5. Do not add salt unless needed. Taste test first and then add salt if needed.

_**N** **utritional Info**_ – Please keep in mind that nutritional information
provided is only a rough estimate and can vary greatly based on products used.

### Nutrition

Calories: 502kcalCarbohydrates: 60gProtein: 12gFat: 24gSaturated Fat:
12gCholesterol: 19mgSodium: 2393mgPotassium: 209mgFiber: 2gSugar: 4gVitamin A:
432IUVitamin C: 8mgCalcium: 115mgIron: 4mg

Did you make this recipe?Follow @CurryTrail and tag #CurryTrail to share your
creation!

439 shares

  * 12
  *   * 427
  *   * 

Previous

Classic Creamed Spinach

Next

Roasted Butternut Squash Recipe

## Reader Interactions

### Leave A Reply! Cancel reply

 **Share your thoughts!**  
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked with *  
  

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

####  Comments & Reviews

  1. heidy mccallum says

January 11, 2021 at 10:46 am

  
These butter chili garlic noodles sound wonderful! I noticed this recipe on
Faceb0ok and thought o myself that my kids would probably really love it.
Happy New year and have a great weekend,

Reply

  2. Andrea Howe says

January 11, 2021 at 10:27 am

So easy yet so flavorful! I love Asian flavored noodles like this, and know
this will be a hit with my family. I'll serve alongside some steamed veggies
and call dinner done! Thanks for sharing

Reply

  3. Nicole Washington says

January 11, 2021 at 8:16 am

Love this recipe! !I love noodle dishes like this so I know I'll be giving it
a shot soon.

Reply

  4. Christine says

January 11, 2021 at 6:35 am

  
I love ALL the flavors in this dish! It makes a great weeknight dinner because
it's so quick and easy. Great on its own or paired with something speedy like
salmon or shrimp!

Reply

  5. Loreto Nardelli says

January 11, 2021 at 5:14 am

  
I absolutely love noodles like these! It is so simple and those flavors are
perfect! I so want to try this soup I will!  
Thanks for sharing!  
Cheers!

Reply

  6. Ramona says

January 11, 2021 at 4:01 am

  
I am definitely planning on making these garlic butter noodles pretty soon!
this recipe looks amazing and super delicious. I cannot wait to award my
family with such a nice meal! thank you for sharing this recipe, I am going to
pin this for tomorrow.

Reply

  7. Leslie says

January 11, 2021 at 12:29 am

  
What an easy recipe! So perfect for a last-minute recipe without having to
sacrifice flavor!

Reply

  8. Marisa F. Stewart says

January 10, 2021 at 3:05 am

  
The minute I saw this recipe I said to myself it had Hubby's name all over it.
He loves spicy food. Our two sons stopped over for dinner so I decided to
surprise them with some pasta and this sauce with our spareribs. They went
nuts over it. Looks like this is going to be a regular recipe at our house.

Reply

  9. HEATHER PERINE says

January 06, 2021 at 3:26 am

  
Pinning this for later!!! Loving all of these flavors, going to make later
this week Might add some cooked chicken (to slow me down from eating all the
noodles! haha)

Reply

  10. Sharon says

January 05, 2021 at 6:24 pm

  
These chili garlic noodles are the perfect lunch or side dish. I love serving
them alongside salmon.

Reply

## Primary Sidebar

#### Welcome, I'm Jyothi

My food philosophy is simple, fresh and full of flavors! I love ‘spicy’ food.
In fact so much so that I can skip dessert for extra spicy savory food!

More About Me

  

Free Bonus

#### 5 Quick & Healthy Dinners That Are Tasty!

When you subscribe to all the latest recipes!

Subscribe

Search for search

#### Featured Recipes

  * Thai Panang Curry Recipe With Chicken

  * Sriracha Spicy Ramen Noodles Soup

  * 5 Minutes Boom Boom Sauce

  * Creamy Chicken Bacon Ranch Pasta

  * Garlicky Chili Lemon Baked Tilapia Recipe

  * 15 Minutes Chili Butter Garlic Noodles

#####  Featured on:

Free Bonus

#### 5 Quick & Healthy Dinners That Are Tasty!

Subscribe

#### Connect With me

Search for search

#### Categories

  * Starters/Appetizers
  * Breakfast
  * Lunch/Dinner
  * Main Dishes
  * Side Dish
  * Desserts

#### About

  * About Me
  * Contact Us
  * Privacy Policy
  * Latest

©2022, Curry Trail. All Rights Reserved. About Privacy Policy

Back To Top

Design by Pixel Me Designs

×

  

Free Bonus

#### ****5 Quick & Healthy Dinners That Are Tasty!

When you subscribe to all the latest recipes!

Subscribe

439 shares

  * 12Facebook
  * Twitter
  * 427Pinterest
  * Yummly
  * Email

