https://www.chefnotrequired.com/creamy-crab-pasta-with-chilli/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

Chef Not Required...

menu icon

  * Recipes
  * About Me
  * Privacy

*   * Email
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

search icon

Search

  * Recipes
  * About Me
  * Privacy

*   * Email
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

×

Home » Everything!

# Creamy Crab Pasta with Chilli and Basil

Published: Apr 18, 2017 · Modified: Oct 26, 2019 by Lee-Ann · Leave a Comment

Jump to Recipe \- Print Recipe

Table of Contents

  * Crab Pasta
    * How to make crab sauce for pasta
    * Creamy Crab Pasta with Chilli and Basil
      * Ingredients
      * Instructions
      * Notes

# Crab Pasta

This creamy crab pasta with chilli and basil is one of the most flavour-packed
recipes I have EVER cooked in just TWENTY MINUTES!!! Sorry, I will stop
shouting now.

It is true though! This creamy crab pasta is a combination of tomato, basil,
lemon, chilli & garlic added to sweet crab meat together in a creamy sauce
served with angel hair pasta - divine! And fast! Winner!

If you aren't a fan of chilli just leave it out and this creamy crab pasta
still tastes great, but the cream actually cuts down the heat of the chilli
quite a lot. Feel free to add more chilli if you like more heat as well!

## How to make crab sauce for pasta

  * Fry some chopped cherry tomatoes for 1-2 minutes, until they start to break down a little.
  * Add chopped chilli and garlic to the pan and fry for about another minute.
  * Then add white wine to the pan to deglaze, and allow it to simmer for 1-2 minutes until it has reduced by about half.
  * Add crab (I used blue swimmer), cream & basil to the pan, allowing the cream to bubble and thicken slightly.
  * Add lemon juice to the pan (this will thicken the cream) along with the crab and some cooked angel hair pasta.
  * Once the crab is heated through, serve.

The night I finished developing this crab pasta recipe, I sat down to it for
dinner and ate it so quickly that I kept burning my tongue (only a few times!)
because I couldn't eat the first few mouthfuls fast enough! (I'm sure you
think that I am exaggerating, but I'm actually not!) A sure sign to me that I
had the recipe right!

Creamy pasta recipes in general are a bit of a favourite of mine, but now I
can say that I have narrowed the field a bit and crab pasta recipes are now on
the top of my list.

This creamy blue swimmer crab pasta is lovely and delicate, it would also make
a perfect date night dinner!

I use angel hair pasta in this creamy crab pasta recipe because it cooks so
quickly. You could use another type of pasta and make crab linguine or
spaghetti if you wish but it may add some cooking time.

If you are a fan of creamy seafood pasta you will love my Lemon Parsley Salmon
Pasta \- plus it's also a super quick 20 minute dinner!

Lee-Ann ♥

Suggested Sides:

Quick Garlic Rolls (No Yeast)

Crunchy Garlic Bread Bites

## Creamy Crab Pasta with Chilli and Basil

0.5x1x2x3x

Creamy Crab Pasta - a fresh combination of tomato, basil, chilli, garlic &
lemon added to sweet crab meat, all together in a creamy sauce served with
angel hair pasta.

Print Pin Rate

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

Total Time: 20 minutes

Servings: 4

Calories: 584kcal

Author: Lee-Ann Grace

### Ingredients

  * 420 g blue swimmer crab meat drained & picked for shell
  * 250 g dry angel hair pasta
  * 1 tbsp. olive oil
  * 250 g cherry tomatoes cut into quarters or eighths if large
  * 2 large garlic cloves crushed/minced
  * 1 long red chilli very finely chopped (see notes)
  * ⅓ cup dry white wine
  * 300 ml pure cream
  * 1 cup firmly packed fresh basil leaves
  * juice of 1 lemon
  * salt & pepper to taste
  * grated fresh parmesan to serve

### Instructions

  * Heat oil in a large frying pan over medium heat.

  * Add tomatoes and cook, stirring for 1-2 mins or until tomatoes have started to break down.

  * Add garlic and chilli and cook, stirring for 1 min.

  * Add white wine to pan to deglaze (it might sizzle a bit) and bring to boil. Allow wine to simmer for 1-2 minutes or until it has reduced by about half.

  * Add cream, crab & basil to pan and leave on medium heat until cream starts to bubble and thicken just slightly.

  * Meanwhile cook pasta according to packet directions and drain.

  * Add lemon juice and drained pasta to cream & crab mixture, stirring to combine.

  * Top with parmesan if desired & serve immediately.

### Notes

I have used 1 long red chilli in this recipe - if you aren't a fan of chilli
you could leave it out all together and the dish will still taste great. Keep
in mind that the heat of the chilli is cut down a bit by the addition of the
cream - so it really is only a mild chilli flavour if you only put in 1. Feel
free to add more if you wish!

You only need to add the crab at the end to heat through as it is already
cooked.

You could also use another type of pasta if you wish, but the cooking time may
vary.

***UPDATE*** I have changed the amount of crab meat from 280g to 420g - to
better reflect an adult size portion.

_*Please note that the amount of calories per serve is provided as a guide
only, as ingredients and cooking methods can vary greatly*_

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi, I'm Lee-Ann!**

Looking for inspiration for what to cook tonight? I'm here to help! I believe
you don't need fancy ingredients or equipment to cook great food!

More about me →

### Popular Recipes

  * Cob Loaf w/ Cheese and Bacon PLUS Spinach Dip

  * Mars Bar Slice | No Bake

  * Parmentier Potatoes with Herb Salt

  * Savoury Mince - A Quick & Easy Family Favourite!

### Featured In

Copyright (C) 2022 · chefnotrequired.com

