https://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/crab-linguine-with-basil-lemon-chile-365309


Skip to main content

Open Navigation Menu

Menu

Story Saved

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Close Alert

Close

Crab Linguine with Basil, Lemon & Chile

  * Recipes & Menus
  * Expert Advice
  * Ingredients
  * Holidays & Events
  * My Saved Recipes

More _Chevron_

Story Saved

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Close Alert

Close

Sign In

Search

Search

  * Recipes & Menus
  * Expert Advice
  * Ingredients
  * Holidays & Events
  * Video
  * My Saved Recipes

# Crab Linguine with Basil, Lemon & Chile

By James Tanner

April 25, 2011

Save Story

save recipe

4.6

(18)

Read ReviewsTriangle

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Crab Linguine with Basil, Lemon & ChileAnders Schønnemann

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Crab is an old favorite of mine. This dish has such fresh clean flavors, and
is best eaten with fresh crusty bread and a glass of chilled white wine.

## Ingredients

Serves 4

1/3 cup olive oil

zest and juice of 1 1/2 lemons

4 red chiles (bird's eye), finely chopped

3/4 lb fresh linguine

9oz white crab meat

large handful fresh basil leaves, torn

crushed sea salt and freshly ground black pepper

1 and freshly ground black pepper

### Step 1

Add the olive oil, lemon zest, and chopped chiles to a small pan and place
over low heat until they begin to sizzle. Remove from the heat and set aside.

### Step 2

Bring a large saucepan of salted water to a boil. Add the linguine and cook
according to the package instructions (about 7 minutes). Drain well, rinse
with boiling water, and set aside.

### Step 3

Add the chile and lemon oil to the pan that the linguine was cooked in. Add
the lemon juice and cook over medium heat until sizzling. Return the linguine
to the pan and add the crab meat. Toss gently for 1 to 2 minutes to warm the
crab through.

### Step 4

Fold in the basil and season with crushed sea salt and freshly ground black
pepper. Spoon into warmed serving bowls.

From _Take 5 Ingredients: 95 Delicious Dishes Using Just 5 Ingredients_ by
James Tanner. Text copyright © 2010 James Tanner; photography © 2010 Anders
Schønnemann. Published by Kyle Books, an imprint of Kyle Cathie Limited. First
published in Great Britain in 2010 by Kyle Cathie Limited.

How would you rate Crab Linguine with Basil, Lemon & Chile?

Leave a Review

Tell us what you think

Reviews (18)

Back to TopTriangle

  * We make this at least once a year (mainly during crab season) - it's easy and delicious! We used Meyer lemons, fresh crab, fresh pasta, and good olive oil. The only change I'd make is to cut back on the chilies. Also: it never serves four in our house - two of us polish this off easily :)

    * MV

    * San Francisco, CA

    * 1/1/2022

  * This is a great recipe, perfect for summer. I highly recommend some of the things recommended by reviewers: 1) add sliced garlic when heating the oil mixture, 2) lift the pasta directly from the boiling water into the skillet with the oil mixture, 3) add 1/4 cup or so of pasta water, and 4) add a tbsp or so of butter at the end. And this is a bit off-topic, but the sauce is so good that when I don’t have crabmeat, I add to the oil mixture roughly chopped, good quality prosciutto and a big handful of chopped mushrooms (I like shiitake for the flavor). And don’t forget the butter at the end, as well as a grating of parmesan cheese over each serving. Try it — you’ll like it!

    * mmbarkerr

    * Bethesda, MD

    * 5/11/2021

  * I also added roasted red peppers and some juice a chopped shallot a couple cloves garlic. And red pepper flakes. It was magnificent! Topped with freshly grated parmesan!

    * whitelar2

    * Wisconsin

    * 3/16/2016

  * Ok, so this is good, but as written, it is indeed missing something. and you know what that something is? BUTTER. add a couple T at the end and it really brings it together. 

    * ewaltrs

    * san francisco, ca

    * 10/29/2015

  * This was one of the worst dishes I have made. Do not recommend.

    * homecook21

    * colorado

    * 2/2/2015

  * We did not like the result - too bland. Based on reviews, I doubled all the ingredients except the pasta and it was still bland. We had to add more lemon juice to finished dish. We ate 2 servings and threw the rest away. The crab meat was expensive too. Not a keeper recipe for us :-(

    * ChefVZ

    * TX

    * 1/26/2015

  * It was easy to make. However, the delicate crab flavor was kind of lost to the other ingredients. Good but not great.

    * a4ty4d

    * Aiken, SC

    * 2/9/2014

  * A unique and tasty recipe. One recomendation is to resist the temptation to use fresh pasta. This is a relatively dry recipe with only 1/3c olive oil and a couple ounces of lemon juice, with the more tender fresh pasta the pasta tends to clump badly and is difficult to toss, serve and eat.

    * bs99

    * Texas

    * 9/10/2013

  * Followed this nearly exactly but I did up the crab to 12 oz and heated the crab in the oil/lemon juice a minute before adding in the pasta. Delicious, delicious, delicious!

    * br677

    * 3/7/2013

  * This is a delicious recipe! I used more basil (and thought that I would even more next time after having the dish), added Garlic, added some of the starch water from draining the pasta, used 12oz. of lump crab meat and replaced the red chilies with crushed red pepper flakes. I cooked the red pepper, lemon zest and garlic in a little olive oil for 2 minutes before adding the pasta and crab meat to the mix and I ladled in some starch water as I felt it needed to avoid the dish from being dry. This version received rave reviews from our dinner party!

    * neoterra

    * Sierra Madre, CA

    * 2/16/2013

  * Four stars for the great flavor with minimum of ingredients and effort. I used about 10 oz fresh crab meat, large red jalapeno pepper, fresh cilantro instead of basil plus chopped gr onions and small garlic clove minced. Used less pasta as it was only for two. This is definitely a recipe to keep and make again for family or for company.

    * dory92064

    * 6/9/2012

  * Made this with fresh whole wheat Pappardelle, 1 1/2 Serrano peppers and meyer lemons. It was delicious!

    * vkooi

    * Lafayette, Ca

    * 2/13/2012

  * This was excellent & surprisingly easy! It's simple to play with ingredients & make a lovely meal. Even the kids liked it but they couldn't admit it!

    * sushibabe02

    * 1/24/2012

  * Absolutely delicious! I used two red jalapenos (would've used more, but they were a bit hot) and a pound of fresh Dungeness crab meat to one pound of fresh pasta. I'll definitely make this again.

    * miatomic

    * San Francisco, California

    * 12/28/2011

  * Excellent for its simplicity. make sure you use more crab and other ingredients for the amount of pasta than the recipe calls for otherwise it will taste bland. I used about 8 oz crab for pasta for 2 people. and I could have used even more.

    * appolo

    * Arlington VA

    * 9/21/2011

TagsCitrusFruitHerbPastaShellfishDinnerLemonBasilSeafoodCrabSummerSugar
ConsciousPescatarianDairy FreePeanut FreeTree Nut FreeSoy FreeNo Sugar Added

## See Related Recipes and Cooking Tips

  * icon

Gallery

### Our 87 Best Basil Recipes, Because You Can Only Eat So Much Pesto Pasta

Aromatic, bright, and bursting with flavor, basil isn't just a garnish—it
makes the dish.

  * icon

Gallery

### The Best and Brightest Lemon Recipes

Pucker up—these recipes put lemon front and center.

  * icon

Gallery

### Our 37 Best Crab Recipes

Crab cakes, crab toast, chili crab, and more.

  * icon

Gallery

### 53 Italian Seafood Recipes for the Feast of the Seven Fishes

Celebrate this Italian-American Christmas Eve tradition with a meal that
includes at least seven different types of seafood.

  * icon

Gallery

### 26 Ways to Cook With Crab

It works in cakes, it works in chowder, it works in salad. So there's nothing
to be crabby about.

Chevron

Chevron

Read More

Instant Pot Chogae Guksu (Cold Chicken Noodles)

Chogae guksu has a refreshing, cold broth, with chicken, veggies, and egg to
make it a balanced meal.

By Nancy Cho

Easy Pasta Salad

This easy pasta salad recipe will be the hit of your next potluck.

By Kelly Janke

Zucchini and White Bean Caesar

Ribbons of raw zucchini take well to the Caesar treatment in this mostly no-
cook summer dinner.

By Rebecca Firkser

15-Minute Burst Cherry Tomato Pasta

Juicy and sweet cherry tomatoes burst open in warm olive oil, creating a
luxuriously silky sauce that comes together in minutes.

By Anna Stockwell

Ratatouille

This simple ratatouille recipe combines summer vegetables into an easy,
flavorful stew that can be served as an appetizer, main, or side dish.

By The Gourmet Test Kitchen

Kung Pao Chicken

Kung pao chicken is a beloved Chinese take-out staple, but its balance of
salt, sweet, tang, and heat is easy to re-create at home.

By Diana Kuan

Maple Whiskey Chicken Lollipops

Seasoned, smoked, and slicked with a simple maple whiskey glaze, these chicken
lollipops are epic for any summer celebration.

By Derek Wolf

Smoked Duck

This smoked duck is a beauty, with a burnished finish from the molasses.

By Matt Horn

Since 1995, Epicurious has been the ultimate food resource for the home cook,
with daily kitchen tips, fun cooking videos, and, oh yeah, over 33,000
recipes.

  * Facebook

  * Twitter

  * Pinterest

  * YouTube

  * Instagram

More from Epicurious

  * Newsletters
  * Epicurious Cookware
  * Subscription FAQs

Connect

  * Careers
  * Press Center
  * Advertising
  * Masthead
  * Contact Us

  * Site Map
  * Accessibility Help
  * Condé Nast Store
  * Condé Nast Spotlight
  * Do Not Sell My Personal Info

© 2022 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes
acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement and
Your California Privacy Rights. _Epicurious_ may earn a portion of sales from
products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate
Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced,
distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior
written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

Food Innovation Group

