https://www.cuisinefiend.com/589/chilli-crab-butter


### **Cuisine Fiend** https://www.cuisinefiend.com

__

__

Cooks. Shoots. And eats.

  * __  HOME
  * __  RECIPES
  * __  TIPS
  * __  CONVERT
  * __  WTC
  * __
  * __  ALL

#### **RECIPE BY INGREDIENT __**

#### **RECIPE BY INGREDIENT**

  * Bacon
  * Beans and pulses
  * Beef
  * Cereal
  * Cheese
  * Chicken
  * Chocolate
  * Duck
  * Eggs
  * Fish
  * Fruit
  * Game
  * Lamb
  * Meat
  * Noodles
  * Nuts
  * Pasta
  * Pork
  * Rice
  * Seafood
  * Turkey
  * Veal
  * Vegetables
  * Vegetarian

#### **RECIPE BY COURSE __**

#### **RECIPE BY COURSE**

  * Breakfast
  * Brunch
  * Lunch
  * Starter
  * Main course
  * Sides
  * Desserts
  * Drinks
  * Casserole
  * Ice cream
  * Pies
  * Preserves
  * Salads
  * Sauces
  * Snacks
  * Soups

#### **RECIPE BY SEASON __**

#### **RECIPE BY SEASON**

  * Spring
  * Summer
  * Autumn
  * Winter
  * Christmas
  * Easter
  * Valentine's Day
  * Halloween
  * Bonfire Night
  * Shrove Tuesday

#### **RECIPE BY CUISINE __**

#### **RECIPE BY CUISINE**

  * American
  * African
  * Austrian
  * Basque
  * British
  * Brittany
  * Chinese
  * Danish
  * Dutch
  * Ethiopian
  * Finish
  * French
  * German
  * Greek
  * Hawaiian
  * Hungarian
  * Italian
  * Japanese
  * Jewish
  * Korean
  * Mexican
  * Middle Eastern
  * Moroccan
  * Norwegian
  * Oriental
  * Provencal
  * Russian
  * Scottish
  * Spanish
  * Swedish
  * Swiss
  * Thai
  * Vietnamese

#### **BAKING __**

#### **BAKING**

  * Biscuits
  * Bread
  * Bread rolls
  * Cakes
  * Cookies
  * Crackers
  * Cupcakes
  * Muffins
  * Pastry
  * Scones
  * Sourdough
  * Sweet yeast dough
  * Tarts and pies

#### **FIENDISHLY __**

#### **FIENDISLY**

  * Easy
  * Healthy
  * Tasty

#### **REACH __**

#### **REACH**

  * Newsletter
  * Contact Us
  * About
  * Privacy

#### **OTHER STUFF __**

#### **OTHER STUFF**

  * What to cook
  * Blog
  * Recipe World Map
  * Tips and tricks
  * Tools
  * Halloween Fiend
  * Christmas recipes
  * Recipe A - Z

#### **RECIPE BY SHORTCUTS**

Home

About

All recipes

WTC

Convert

Recipe map

Blog

Contact

__

# chilli crab butter

Updated: Tue, 5 July, 2022

⯆ JUMP TO RECIPE

##### Crab butter with chilli and Thai basil flavour is a cross between a pate
and a spread, and wonderful on toasted sourdough.

## Don't spread it on a brioche

I call it butter. You may call it pate, but either way don't serve it with a
thin, see-through slice of burnt brioche.

I don't know what the deal is with brioche. I have nothing against it:
buttered and jammed, served to me for breakfast alongside croissants and _pain
au chocolat_.

But these days it is being dished out with foie gras, all kinds of pate,
potted salmon, pork rillettes, smoked mackerel and above all with a burger
inside.

Look, I get it: it is apparently more exciting than a water biscuit underneath
a slab of pate, or a sad floppy sesame bun with burger. But the problem is the
bandwagon syndrome: once a trend like that starts, it has no boundaries.

I have nothing against a marriage of sweet and savoury either - see my figs
with blue cheese, pork with blueberries, salty peach crumble.  I'm a veritable
matchmaker in that union.

But the brioche becoming a go-to bread roll is a bit too much. And it doesn't
even toast well.

## So how to serve crab butter?

This crab butter suits fresh or toasted, thickly sliced sourdough best. Or
else sliced baguette, or thinly cut rye bread. Not brioche.

But you could also spoon it onto a baked potato or stir it into pasta, thus
making a full main course out of it. And just imagine how lovely the melting
butter will dress the dish.

## Whole crab vs. dressed crab

The alpha crabber approach, of course, is to procure the whole (boiled, that's
allowed) beast. And it will serve you well - you'll get much more meat for the
money. I don't know for sure if dressed crabs are picked by hand but if so,
the pickers must be very well fed indeed.

However, the whole giant monster is daunting, to be sure. I do tackle it with
alacrity, even though the one I was recently served in Salcombe's Crab Shed
was fit to compete with his Pacific brothers in size.

But at home you need appropriate tools and afterwards to clean the awful mess.

In the absence of a professional crab tool set, the most useful will be a
wooden mallet, classic nut crackers and a crochet hook.

And you'd better watch a demonstration video or two beforehand if it's the
first time you've ever attempted to tackle a whole Karkinus!

## How to make crab butter

So whichever shape and form your crustacean starts off at, you'll hopefully
end up with a bowlful of cleanly picked crab meat.

The flavours here are so good and simple it really doesn't matter whether you
use just white crab meat or mix the brown in. I marginally prefer the white
but I abhor waste so I'll frugally scoop the brown meat out of the shell and
add it in.

And to be fair, brown meat is where the most concentrated flavour is.

Once you've finely chopped the herbs and aromatics, you could just beat them
with the (very, very soft) butter into crab meat, for a rustic, coarse spread.

But I think it's worth digging up your stick blender to give everything a good
whiz and obtain a smoother texture.

Chillies, lemon juice and Thai basil work extremely well with it, but make
sure you use Thai basil not the Italian specimen; the flavour is distinctly
different. If you can't get hold of it, use coriander rather than substitute
sweet basil.

Salt, pepper and lemon juice have to be added to taste, thus allowing you to
sample the crab butter and adjust the seasoning. And sample and adjust. And
sample…

## More crab recipes

Crab and avocado salad, with spring onions and radishes. This is a good
starter and a tasty sandwich filling.

Another salad, crab two ways: white crab meat and sweetcorn are layered with
creamy brown crab meat salad base. Use fresh dressed crab meat and fresh corn
on the cob for the best results.

## More dip and spread recipes

Muhammara is a roasted red pepper and walnut dip, flavoured with pomegranate
molasses and Aleppo pepper flakes. Absolutely divine.

Tomato butter, a creamy spread with incredible flavour, is super easy to make.
You can use it as a condiment, a dip or just slather it on everything.

Whipped feta and hazelnut dip is heavenly spooned on cherry tomato halves.
Snacking does not get much healthier than this!

* * *

* * *

## chilli crab butter

 **Servings: 4-6** **Time: 30 minutes**

 **Tags:** seafood, brunch, lunch, starter, british, tasty

Hide images

* * *

#### INGREDIENTS

  * ****
  * 1 large whole or dressed crab
  * 2 small Thai chilies
  * 1 small clove of garlic
  * ½ bunch Thai basil, leaves stripped
  * salt and black pepper
  * 50g (3 tbsp.) unsalted butter, softened
  * lemon juice, to taste

* * *

#### METHOD

1\. If you're dressing the crab yourself, first break off legs and claws, open
the main shell and scoop out the brown meat with a spoon. If you want to use
just the white meat, go ahead with the claws straight away.

2\. Crack the claws with crab crackers or a wooden mallet and scrape out all
the white meat; scoop out the meat from arm segments and collect in a large
bowl; take care to remove all the shell fragments.

3\. De-seed and finely chop the chilies. Peel and chop the garlic clove. Shred
the Thai basil leaves finely.

4\. Add it all to the bowl with the crab meat with a generous seasoning of
salt and pepper and the butter. Give it a squeeze of lemon.

5\. Whiz the mixture with a stick blender or in the food processor until
smooth. Taste and adjust salt, pepper and lemon juice amounts.

6\. Scrape it into a container and chill. Serve on toast or bread, on baked
potato or stirred through pasta.

* * *

## See also

salmon pate

thai fishcakes

mast o khiar

__  Print the recipe

## Leave a reply

Your email address will not be published

Characters left 800

Comment*

Recipe rating

Name*

Email address*

Web site name

Be notified by email when a comment is posted

* required

Post your comment

### Your comments

**Anna @ CuisineFiend**

Hi Kerensa - I'm sure you can.

2 years ago

**Kerensa**

Can you freeze this?

2 years ago

1

#### Push notifications

You are subscribed to push notifications.

Unsubscribe

You have unsubscribed.

Subscribe

**Subscribe to push notifications. Get the latest recipes from Cuisine
Fiend.**

Yes please!  Not now

## Cuisine Fiend's

## most recent

  * crushed broad beans

30 July, 2022

  * mascarpone sorbet

23 July, 2022

  * petit beurre

16 July, 2022

  * slow roasted strawberries

9 July, 2022

## About me

Hello! I'm Anna Gaze, the Cuisine Fiend. Welcome to my recipe collection.

I have lots of recipes for you to choose from: healthy or indulgent, easy or
more challenging, quick or involved - but always tasty.

READ MORE

* * *

## Newsletter

Sign up to receive the weekly recipes updates

REGISTER NOW

* * *

## Follow Fiend

  

__

### CF

(C) 2022

Cookies and privacy.

All recipes

### Contact Info

We welcome your feedback and suggestions.

Contact Us

About

### Share

