https://www.myrecipes.com/recipe/cracked-crab-with-lemongrass-black-pepper-basil


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

MyRecipes MyRecipes

  * Course
  * Baking
  * Global
  * Healthy
  * Favorite Ingredients
  * Holidays and Occasions
  * Quick and Easy
  * Convenience Recipes
  * BBQ and Grilling
  * How To
  * Extra Crispy
  * News

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Account

  * Register
  * Newsletters
  * Email Preferences
  * Logout

Login

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore MyRecipes

MyRecipes MyRecipes

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * 55+ Easy Dinner Recipes for Busy Weeknights

####  55+ Easy Dinner Recipes for Busy Weeknights

Everybody understands the stuggle of getting dinner on the table after a long
day. If you're looking for a simple recipe to simplify your weeknight, you've
come to the right place--easy dinners are our specialty. For an easy supper
that you can depend on, we picked out some of our tried-and-true favorites
that have gotten us through even the busiest of days. Whether you're cooking
for yourself or for a family, these easy dinners are sure to leave everyone
satisfied and stress-free.  Read More

    * The Brilliant Secret to Making Better Mashed Potatoes

####  The Brilliant Secret to Making Better Mashed Potatoes

Trust me, it's so worth it.  Read More

    * 65 Super Easy Finger Foods to Make for Any Party

####  65 Super Easy Finger Foods to Make for Any Party

From chips and dip to one-bite apps, finger foods are the perfect way to kick
off a party. No forks or spoons required, just easy-to-pick-up party foods, so
you can clean up in no time.  Read More

  * Course

### Course

See All Course

    * Best Appetizer Recipes...Ever
    * Best Drink Recipes for Any Occasion
    * Salad Recipes
    * The Ultimate Guide to Sensational Sides
    * Soup and Stew Recipes
    * Easy Entertaining for Everyone
    * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes
    * Main Dishes and Entrees
    * Dinner Recipes
    * Dessert Recipes

  * Baking

### Baking

See All Baking

    * Bread Recipes
    * Our Most-Loved Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Pie Recipes

  * Global

### Global

See All Global

    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes
    * Middle Eastern Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Malaysian Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * Chinese Recipes
    * African Recipes
    * American Recipes
    * Cajun and Creole Recipes
    * Caribbean Recipes
    * South American Recipes
    * Southern Recipes
    * German Recipes

  * Healthy

### Healthy

See All Healthy

    * Easy, Healthy Recipes
    * Healthy Breakfasts
    * Healthy Dinners
    * Healthy Desserts
    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Diet and Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Low Carbohydrate Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Favorite Ingredients

### Favorite Ingredients

See All Favorite Ingredients

    * The Ultimate Guide to Chicken
    * Vegetable Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Cheese Recipes
    * Chocolate Recipes
    * Pasta Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Holidays and Occasions

### Holidays and Occasions

See All Holidays and Occasions

    * A Foodie's Guide to Halloween Recipes
    * The Ultimate Thanksgiving Guide
    * Hanukkah Recipes
    * Your Ultimate Christmas Recipe Guide
    * Our Most Festive New Year's Recipes
    * Best-Ever Super Bowl Sunday Recipes
    * Best Valentine's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * The Ultimate Guide to Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Labor Day Recipes
    * The Ultimate Fourth of July Guide
    * Memorial Day Recipes
    * Touchdown-Worthy Tailgate Recipes
    * Wedding and Shower Recipes

  * Quick and Easy

### Quick and Easy

See All Quick and Easy

    * 15-Minute Recipes for Busy Home Cooks
    * 5 Ingredients or Less
    * Dinner Tonight
    * No-Cook Recipes
    * 45-Minute Recipes

  * Convenience Recipes

### Convenience Recipes

See All Convenience Recipes

    * Budget-Friendly Recipes
    * Our Top Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Our Favorite Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes

  * BBQ and Grilling

### BBQ and Grilling

See All BBQ and Grilling

    * Grilled Beef Recipes
    * Grilled Fish Recipes
    * Grilled Shrimp Recipes
    * Grilled Chicken Recipes
    * Grilled Pork Recipes
    * Grilled Vegetable Recipes

  * How To

### How To

See All How To

    * 7 Ways With...
    * Videos
    * Ingredients and Tools
    * Kitchen Cleaning

  * Extra Crispy
  * News

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Account

  * Register
  * Newsletters
  * Email Preferences
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Cracked Crab with Lemongrass, Black Pepper, and Basil

# Cracked Crab with Lemongrass, Black Pepper, and Basil

Rating: 3.5 stars

2 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 1 
  * 4 star values: 0 
  * 3 star values: 0 
  * 2 star values: 1 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 2 Ratings 
  * 2 Reviews 

Big, bold Southeast Asian flavors team up in a perfect balance of salty,
sweet, hot, and aromatic.

This Story Originally Appeared On  sunset.com

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Cracked Crab with Lemongrass, Black Pepper, and Basil

Credit: Peden & Munk; Styling: Amy Wilson

## Recipe Summary

total:

1 hr 15 mins

Yield:

Serves 4

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * 2 stalks fresh lemongrass, ends trimmed and coarse leaves discarded 
  * 2 tablespoons chopped fresh ginger 
  * 1 tablespoon chopped garlic 
  * ¼ cup honey 
  * ¼ cup reduced-sodium soy sauce 
  * 1 ½ tablespoons freshly ground black pepper 
  * 3 fully cooked Dungeness crabs (about 2 lbs. each), cleaned, legs cracked, and bodies quartered 
  * 3 tablespoons peanut oil or vegetable oil 
  * 1 cup loosely packed cilantro sprigs 
  * 1 cup loosely packed Thai basil leaves or small regular basil leaves 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Chop lemongrass. Put in a food processor with ginger and garlic; whirl until
minced. Scrape into a large bowl and stir in honey, soy sauce, and pepper. Add
crabs and stir to coat well. Cover, then chill at least 15 minutes or up to 1
hour.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Pour oil into a 14-in. wok or a wide 8- to 10-qt. pot over medium-high heat.
With a slotted spoon, add crabs (reserve marinade). Cover and cook, stirring
often, 5 minutes (omit this cooking time if using fully cooked crabs).

  * Step 3

Uncover pan, add marinade, and cook, stirring often, until crabs are steaming
and meat is opaque, about 5 minutes.

  * Step 4

Stir in cilantro and basil, then transfer crabs and juices to a serving bowl.

  * Step 5

Note: Nutritional analysis is per serving.

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

351 calories; calories from fat 35%; protein 35g; fat 13g; saturated fat 2.1g;
carbohydrates 23g; fiber 2g; sodium 1060mg; cholesterol 163mg.

Advertisement

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews (2)

Add Rating & Review

Sort by:  Newest

Newest Oldest

cookinuptrouble

Rating: 2 stars

01/02/2014

The minute I saw this recipe, I knew I wanted to make it -- the overall flavor
palate was so appealing. I made the dish exactly as the recipe is written,
cooked exactly as prescribed. The result was pure black pepper. The 1 1/2
tablespoons completely overpowered the other ingredients. Given the expense of
the crab and the extensive time it took to make the dish, it will be a while
before I try it again. For sure, I'll start with a third as much pepper and go
from there.

cookJane

Rating: 5 stars

12/24/2008

I love this recipe. I made it twice already and received many compliments.
Simply excellent. I followed the recipe exactly. The basil leaves and ginger
added a special taste to the dish. I will surely use the again.

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Cracked Crab with Lemongrass, Black Pepper, and Basil

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Cracked Crab with Lemongrass, Black Pepper, and Basil

##  All Reviews for Cracked Crab with Lemongrass, Black Pepper, and Basil

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

MyRecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithMyRecipes.com is part of the Allrecipes Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporation. MyRecipes is a registered trademark of Meredith
Corporation All Rights Reserved. MyRecipes may receive compensation for some
links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to
change without notice.  Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of
Servicethis link opens in a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab
California Do Not Sellthis link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis
link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 MyRecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.myrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Cracked Crab with Lemongrass, Black Pepper, and Basil

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

