http://www.daffodilkitchen.com/thai-egg-fried-rice-with-crab-and-chilli-sauce/


Daffodil Kitchen

Delicious Food at YOUR Fingertips

__ __ __

Alt Sidebar

Random Article __

Search ______

__

  * Recipes
    * Core Recipes
      * Savoury Core Recipes
      * Sweet Core Recipes
      * Batch Cooking
    * Basic Recipes
      * Savoury Basic Recipes
        * Butters and Oils
        * Chutneys
        * Dressings, Marinades, Pestos, Harissa
        * Savoury Sauces
        * Other Basic Savoury
      * Sweet Basic Recipes
        * Icings and Frostings
        * Pastry
        * Preserves, Spreads and Butters
        * Sweet Sauces
        * Other Basic Sweet
      * Spice Mixes and Curry Pastes
        * Savoury Spice Mixes
        * Sweet Spice Mixes
        * Curry Pastes
    * Nibbles and Dips
      * Nibbles
      * Dips
    * Breakfast and Brunch
      * Savoury Breakfast and Brunch
      * Sweet Breakfast and Brunch
      * Cereals
    * Starters and Lunch
      * Soup
      * Meat and Poultry
      * Fish and Shellfish
      * Vegetarian Starters and Lunch
      * Sandwiches and Rolls
      * Quiche and Tarts
    * Main Courses
      * Meat
      * Poultry
      * Fish and Shellfish
      * Vegetarian Main Courses
    * Rice, Pasta, Grains and Sides
      * Rice Dishes
      * Pasta Dishes
      * Grains and Pulses
      * Potato Dishes
      * Vegetables
      * Salads
    * Cheese
    * Desserts
      * Hot Desserts
      * Cold Desserts
      * Frozen Desserts
      * Pies and Tarts
    * Cakes and Cookies
      * Cakes
        * Round Cakes
        * Loaf Cakes
        * Mini Cakes
        * Slices
      * Cookies
      * Muffins and Loaves
    * Bread and all things with yeast
      * Loaves
      * Rolls
      * Flat Breads
      * Other Bread/Yeast Recipes
    * Confectionery
    * Drinks
    * Family and Pets
  * Useful Information
    * Measurements
    * Oven Temperatures
    * Volumes
    * Weights
    * Top Tips for Beginners
  * Eating Out
  * Books and Blogs
  * About
  * Contact

  * Recipes
    * Core Recipes
      * Savoury Core Recipes
      * Sweet Core Recipes
      * Batch Cooking
    * Basic Recipes
      * Savoury Basic Recipes
        * Butters and Oils
        * Chutneys
        * Dressings, Marinades, Pestos, Harissa
        * Savoury Sauces
        * Other Basic Savoury
      * Sweet Basic Recipes
        * Icings and Frostings
        * Pastry
        * Preserves, Spreads and Butters
        * Sweet Sauces
        * Other Basic Sweet
      * Spice Mixes and Curry Pastes
        * Savoury Spice Mixes
        * Sweet Spice Mixes
        * Curry Pastes
    * Nibbles and Dips
      * Nibbles
      * Dips
    * Breakfast and Brunch
      * Savoury Breakfast and Brunch
      * Sweet Breakfast and Brunch
      * Cereals
    * Starters and Lunch
      * Soup
      * Meat and Poultry
      * Fish and Shellfish
      * Vegetarian Starters and Lunch
      * Sandwiches and Rolls
      * Quiche and Tarts
    * Main Courses
      * Meat
      * Poultry
      * Fish and Shellfish
      * Vegetarian Main Courses
    * Rice, Pasta, Grains and Sides
      * Rice Dishes
      * Pasta Dishes
      * Grains and Pulses
      * Potato Dishes
      * Vegetables
      * Salads
    * Cheese
    * Desserts
      * Hot Desserts
      * Cold Desserts
      * Frozen Desserts
      * Pies and Tarts
    * Cakes and Cookies
      * Cakes
        * Round Cakes
        * Loaf Cakes
        * Mini Cakes
        * Slices
      * Cookies
      * Muffins and Loaves
    * Bread and all things with yeast
      * Loaves
      * Rolls
      * Flat Breads
      * Other Bread/Yeast Recipes
    * Confectionery
    * Drinks
    * Family and Pets
  * Useful Information
    * Measurements
    * Oven Temperatures
    * Volumes
    * Weights
    * Top Tips for Beginners
  * Eating Out
  * Books and Blogs
  * About
  * Contact

__

#### Archives

  * August 2022
  * July 2022
  * June 2022
  * May 2022
  * April 2022
  * March 2022
  * February 2022
  * January 2022
  * December 2021
  * November 2021
  * October 2021
  * September 2021
  * August 2021
  * July 2021
  * June 2021
  * May 2021
  * April 2021
  * March 2021
  * February 2021
  * January 2021
  * December 2020
  * November 2020
  * October 2020
  * September 2020
  * August 2020
  * July 2020
  * June 2020
  * May 2020
  * April 2020
  * March 2020
  * January 2020
  * December 2019

#### Tags

almonds banana beef blondies breakfast Brown Butter Brownies butter Cake
cheese chicken Chilli chilli con carne Chocolate Chocolate Cake coconut coffee
cookies Coriander curry Dessert family Garlic ginger gluten free honey ice
cream lemon meatballs Mint muffins no churn orange Pasta peppers pet update
potatoes restaurant rice salmon soup Sweetcorn tomatoes Vegetarian white
chocolate

__

#### Archives

  * August 2022
  * July 2022
  * June 2022
  * May 2022
  * April 2022
  * March 2022
  * February 2022
  * January 2022
  * December 2021
  * November 2021
  * October 2021
  * September 2021
  * August 2021
  * July 2021
  * June 2021
  * May 2021
  * April 2021
  * March 2021
  * February 2021
  * January 2021
  * December 2020
  * November 2020
  * October 2020
  * September 2020
  * August 2020
  * July 2020
  * June 2020
  * May 2020
  * April 2020
  * March 2020
  * January 2020
  * December 2019

#### Tags

almonds banana beef blondies breakfast Brown Butter Brownies butter Cake
cheese chicken Chilli chilli con carne Chocolate Chocolate Cake coconut coffee
cookies Coriander curry Dessert family Garlic ginger gluten free honey ice
cream lemon meatballs Mint muffins no churn orange Pasta peppers pet update
potatoes restaurant rice salmon soup Sweetcorn tomatoes Vegetarian white
chocolate

Fish and Shellfish,  Fish and Shellfish,  Main Courses,  Recipes,  Rice
Dishes,  Rice, Pasta, Grains and Sides,  Starters and Lunch

# Thai Egg Fried Rice with Crab and Chilli Sauce

24th June 2021

Jump to Recipe

The fresh crab really shines in this light and summery Thai Egg Fried Rice.
Mildy flavoured with garlic, ginger, soy and fish sauce, the fresh herbs and
mild spring onions bring further flavour to complement the eggs and crab meat.
A hot and salty chilli sauce is served alongside - add as little or as much as
you like - and a squeeze of lime adds a delicious zing and summer freshness to
the dish.

#### A few notes on making this dish

Like the majority of stir fries, this dish comes together extremely quickly.
There is only a little bit of prep which needs to be done, but make sure you
do this before you start the cooking process.

**What prep do I need to do?**

  * **Rice** - ideally use rice which has been cooked and allowed to cool. I will often make extra rice to go with another dish the day before. As this is a Thai dish, I prefer to use Jasmine rice, either white or brown. However, depending on what rice we have eaten the day before, I have also made this with long grain rice, basmati rice and even Japanese sticky rice!
  *  **Garlic** - peel and crush 
  * **Ginger** - peel and grate
  *  **Spring onions** - trim and slice 
  * **Crabmeat** - check there are no small pieces of shell in the mix. 
  * **Fresh coriander and/or Thai basil** - chopped

**Other notes on ingredients.**

  * **Crab** - you could replace the crab with some flaked cooked salmon or some cooked prawns.
  *  **Extra vegetables** - you could replace the crab with vegetables or, indeed, include some extra vegetables in the stir fry. Mange tout or snow peas would be delicious as would some purple sprouting broccoli, peas or chopped green beans.
  *  **Salt** - there is no need to add extra salt. Soy sauce and fish sauce are naturally very salty so you may find you do not need to add any extra salt. Try it before you serve it though, and add extra salt at the end, if necessary.

## How to make Thai Egg Fried Rice with Crab and Chilli Sauce

#### Collect all your ingredients together:

**Thai Egg Stir Fried Rice with Crab:**

  * vegetable or other neutral flavoured oil
  * garlic, peeled and crushed
  * peeled ginger, grated
  * spring onions, trimmed and chopped
  * cooked rice - I like to use white or brown Jasmine rice but long grain rice will also work really well
  * soy sauce
  * fish sauce
  * palm or caster sugar
  * freshly ground black pepper
  * eggs, beaten
  * white crab meat - checked over to ensure there is no shell in the mixture
  * fresh Thai basil and/or coriander, chopped 

**Chilli Sauce - Prik Nam Pla**:

  * fish sauce
  * lime juice
  * garlic, peeled and crushed
  * chilli flakes

**To serve:**

  * lime wedges
  * slices of cucumber
  * Prik Nam Pla

#### How to make this delicious Egg Fried Rice and Chilli Sauce:

**First make the Chilli Sauce -**

  1. Peel and crush the garlic and mix with the lime juice and fish sauce
  2. Stir well and set aside for the flavours to infuse whilst you make the stir fry

  * Chilli Sauce ingredients
  * 1 Mix crushed garlic with lime juice and fish sauce
  * 2 Stir well

**Now make the Stir Fry - **

  1. Heat the oil in a wok or large frying pan over a moderately high heat and add the peeled and crushed garlic, peeled and grated ginger and the trimmed and sliced spring onions. Cook, stirring over a moderately high heat for 2 - 3 minutes, until slightly softened.
  2. Add the cooked rice, soy sauce, fish sauce, sugar and freshly ground black pepper. Cook, stirring, until heated through and well mixed.
  3. Push the rice to one side of the pan. If necessary, add a little more oil and then pour in the beaten eggs. Use a wooden spoon or spatula to move the eggs around as they cook. You do not want to scramble them - it is nice to have some largish pieces of egg through the rice.
  4. When the eggs are cooked to your liking, add the crab meat and stir both through the rice to heat the crab. Taste and adjust seasoning, if necessary.
  5. Take off the heat and stir through the fresh herbs

  * Stir Fry ingredients
  * 1 Cook garlic, ginger and spring onions for 2-3 mins
  * 2 Add rice, soy, fish sauce, sugar and salt. Cook until hot
  * 3 Cook eggs
  * 4 Add crab
  * 5 Stir in herbs

#### Serve:

  1. Serve your stir fry with some wedges of lime, cucumber slices and the Chilli Sauce on the side. 

## Made this recipe?

If you make this recipe, do please tag me on instagram @daffodil_kitchen. You
could also leave a comment in the box directly below the recipe.

Print

## Thai Egg Fried Rice with Crab and Chilli Sauce

The fresh crab really shines in this light and summery Thai Egg Fried Rice.

Course Dinner, light supper, Lunch, Main Course

Cuisine Thai

Keyword Addictive, chilli sauce, egg fried rice, thai, white crab

Prep Time 10 minutes

Cook Time 10 minutes

Servings 2

Author Susan

### Ingredients

#### **Thai Egg Stir Fried Rice with Crab:**

  * 1 tablespoon vegetable or other neutral flavoured oil
  * 16g/4 cloves of garlic, peeled and crushed
  * 16g peeled fresh ginger, grated
  * 40g/4 – 6 spring onions, trimmed and chopped
  * 4 cups of cooked rice – I like to use white or brown Jasmine rice but long grain rice will also work really well
  * 1½ tablespoons soy sauce
  * 1½ tablespoons fish sauce
  * 1 teaspoon palm or caster sugar
  * ½ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
  * 3 – 4 eggs, beaten
  * 200g white crab meat – checked over to ensure there is no shell in the mixture
  * 15g fresh Thai basil and/or coriander, chopped

#### **Chilli Sauce – Prik Nam Pla** :

  * 2 tablespoons fish sauce
  * 2 teaspoons lime juice
  * 4g/1 clove of garlic, peeled and crushed
  * ¼ teaspoon chilli flakes

#### **To serve:**

  * Lime wedges
  * slices of cucumber
  * Prik Nam Pla

### Instructions

  1. Collect together your equipment (see Recipe Notes below) and ingredients.

  2. **First make the Chilli Sauce – p** eel and crush the garlic and mix with the lime juice and fish sauce.

  3. Stir well and set aside for the flavours to infuse whilst you make the stir fry.

  4. **Now make the Stir Fry – h** eat the oil in a wok or large frying pan over a moderately high heat and add the peeled and crushed garlic, peeled and grated ginger and the trimmed and sliced spring onions. Cook, stirring over a moderately high heat for 2 – 3 minutes, until slightly softened.

  5. Add the cooked rice, soy sauce, fish sauce, sugar and freshly ground black pepper. Cook, stirring, until heated through and well mixed.

  6. Push the rice to one side of the pan. If necessary, add a little more oil and then pour in the beaten eggs. Use a wooden spoon or spatula to move the eggs around as they cook. You do not want to scramble them – it is nice to have some largish pieces of egg through the rice.

  7. When the eggs are cooked to your liking, add the crab meat and stir both through the rice to heat the crab. Taste and adjust seasoning, if necessary.

  8. Take off the heat and stir through the fresh herbs

  9. **Serve:** serve your stir fry with some wedges of lime, cucumber slices and the Chilli Sauce on the side.

### Recipe Notes

_**Equipment:**_

  * _kitchen scales and measuring spoons_
  * _chopping board and knife_
  * _garlic crusher_
  * _grater for the ginger_
  * _wok or large frying pan for the stir fry_
  * _mixing/serving bowl for the chilli sauce_

_**A few notes on making this dish:**_

_Like the majority of stir fries, this dish comes together extremely quickly.
There is only a little bit of prep which needs to be done, but make sure you
do this before you start the cooking process._

_**What prep do I need to do?**_

  * _**Rice** – ideally use rice which has been cooked and allowed to cool. I will often make extra rice to go with another dish the day before. As this is a Thai dish, I prefer to use Jasmine rice, either white or brown. However, depending on what rice we have eaten the day before, I have also made this with long grain rice, basmati rice and even Japanese sticky rice!_
  * _**Garlic** – peel and crush_
  * _**Ginger** – peel and grate_
  * _**Spring onions** – trim and slice_
  * _**Crabmeat** – check there are no small pieces of shell in the mixture. I use my fingers to do this. _
  * _**Fresh coriander and/or Thai basil** – chopped_

_**Other notes on ingredients.**_

  * _**Crab** – you could replace the crab with some flaked cooked salmon or some cooked prawns._
  * _**Extra vegetables** – you could replace the crab with vegetables or, indeed, include some extra vegetables in the stir fry. Mange tout or snow peas would be delicious as would some purple sprouting broccoli, peas or chopped green beans._
  * _**Salt** – there is no need to add extra salt. Soy sauce and fish sauce are naturally very salty so you may find you do not need to add any extra salt. Try it before you serve it though, and add extra salt at the end, if necessary._

### More from my site

  * Crab Pasta with Tomatoes, Garlic, Chilli and Lemon
  * Crab and Chicken Meatballs with a Honey, Soy and Garlic Sauce with Chilli and Lime
  * Quick Chinese Egg Fried Rice
  * Thai Red Chicken Curry with New Potatoes and Roast Cashew Nuts
  * Luxury Crab and Prawn Burgers on Brioche Buns with Parsley and Chilli Mayonnaise
  * Crab and Sweetcorn Chowder

Chilli saucecrabegg fried ricethai

By Susan 0 Comments

__  Previous

##### Cornish Fairings - Spiced Biscuits

Newer  __

##### Pistachio and Cherry Bakewell Tart with Pink Rose Water Icing

### You May Also Like

##### Classic Hummus

17th April 2020

##### Christmas Sticky Toffee Pudding with Salted Caramel Sauce

21st December 2021

##### Coffee and Chocolate Chunk Pecan Nut Loaf Cake

23rd September 2020

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Name *

Email *

Website

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

#### About

My name is Susan. Food is my passion – cooking and eating (of course!)
delicious, flavourful, seasonal, healthy (most of the time!) and easy to
prepare family food influenced by my travels, family and friends. Read more

### daffodil_kitchen

Delicious food at YOUR fingertips

Restaurant Les Chottes, Veysonnaz Lovely walk to

Breakfast with a View! This is one of our favouri

The Cube - Varone Our Swiss wine odyssey continue

Château de Villa, Sierre, Valais, Switzerland Af

Das Weindorf der Schweiz/The Wine Village of Switz

Grand Hôtel & Kurhaus, Arolla, Valais If you wan

La Luge, Les Collons - our favourite pizzeria in t

Les Celliers de Sion, Valais, Switzerland When yo

Gazpacho with Fresh Parsley Oil Laden with the sw

Magic Shell Ice Cream Topping Magic Shell Ice Cre

La Cible Restaurant and Bar, St Martin de Ré, Î

La Martinière, Artisan Ice Cream on the Île de R

L’Avant Port, Saint Martin de Ré, Île de Ré

Island life The fresh produce on this island is i

Le Bistrot du Marin, Saint Martin, Île de Ré Fa

Strawberry Ripple Ice Cream - No Churn Bursting w

Blueberry and Pistachio Bakewell Tart⁠ ⁠ A cri

Strawberry and Avocado Salad with Burrata, Salted

Eton Mess With the Wimbledon Tennis Championship

Wimbledon Tennis Championships After 3 long years

Load More… Follow on Instagram

#### Never Miss a Recipe

Email address:

Leave this field empty if you're human:

  * Coconut Cake with Coconut and Vanilla Icing
  * Pan-fried Salmon Trout with Creamy Polenta, Roast Vegetables and Prawn Bisque
  * Prawn Bisque
  * Shellfish Stock
  * Oven-Baked Fillet of Cod with Green Pea and Horseradish Risotto, drizzled in a Nutty Brown Butter

#### Search this site

 __

Bard Theme by WP Royal.

Back to top

**NEVER MISS A RECIPE**

Email address:

Leave this field empty if you're human:

X

Eating Out, Books and Blogs Policy \- Terms and Conditions \- Privacy Policy

