https://www.indianhealthyrecipes.com/szechuan-chicken/


Skip to content

Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About

Search

Toggle Menu

Search

# Schezwan Chicken

Home >> Recipes >> Chicken Recipes

Byswasthi

56 Comments

__WhatsApp

 __Share 94

 __Pin 6K

 __Reddit 1

 __Tweet

 __Email

6K Shares

Make Schezwan Chicken easily at home with my time-tested recipe that'll give
you the real deal Chinese restaurant style taste & kick! A super simple recipe
with tender, juicy and crisp chicken, a sweet and hot sauce with plenty of red
chilies and green onions. Serve this as an appetizer or as a side with
**Noodles** or **Fried rice**.

* * *

Sichuan is the name of a province in China. It is also spelled as Szechuan or
Szechwan in different regions of the world. Sichuan cuisine is well known and
loved for its bold flavors which comes from the generous use of garlic, red
chilies and Sichuan peppercorn.

Originally foods from Sichuan cuisine are hot, spicy, pungent & sweet. Most
Chinese restaurants serve foods that are toned down to suit the local palate.

## About Schezwan Chicken

Schezwan Chicken also known as Szechuan chicken or Sichuan chicken is a
Chinese style chicken appetizer popular on the Chinese restaurant menus &
takeaways. Schezwan chicken is crisp fried chicken tossed in a spicy, sour,
hot & tongue tickling Sichuan sauce.

We love dipping our chicken appetizers in Schezwan sauce. In fact that's our
favorite way to enjoy both the sauce and the chicken as well. This dish takes
your fried chicken to the next level because it's tossed in a wok at a high
heat with all of those magical sauces and aromatics.

The resulting dish is super flavorful and delicious!

I have also included lots of tips & substitutes for the ingredients. The
recipe does not turn out to be very hot or spicy and it is basically my toned
down version. For a spicier version you can simply triple the amount of red
chilies and paste in the recipe.

This recipe is roughly adapted from the variations I have tasted over the
years in many Chinese restaurants.

More **Chicken Recipes**  
 **Chilli Chicken**  
 **Chicken Manchurian  
Chicken Lollipop**  
 **Chicken Biryani**

Advertisement

## How to Make Schezwan Chicken (Stepwise Photos)

### Fry Chicken

1\. Add the chicken to a bowl along with soya sauce, salt, pepper powder and
flour. Next add eff white only as needed and coat the chicken well. You can
alternately skip egg and brine the chicken overnight following my tip in the
recipe notes above.

For spicier chicken you can also add little chilli paste like I did here.

2\. Heat 1/4 cup oil in a small pan. When the oil is hot enough, regulate the
flame to medium. Then slide chicken pieces one after the other and fry them in
batches. When the chicken turns golden & crisp, remove them to a steel
colander.

**Tip** : Do not crowd the pan by adding a lot of chicken to the pan while
frying. Do not over fry as they tend to turn hard.

Alternately you can also grill the chicken in oven by placing on a wired rack.
More details in the recipe notes.

### Make Schezwan Chicken

3\. Heat 1 tbsp oil in a pan. Alternately remove the oil you used for deep
frying to a small bowl. Turn off the stove for a minute and bring down the
temperature of the oil slightly.

4\. Add the red chilies and fry for 30 seconds or until it turns crisp. Then
add ginger and garlic. Saute for 1 minute.

5\. Then saute the spring onions for a minute on a high flame. Next add the
sichuan peppercorn (ground for intense flavor, whole for milder flavor). Saute
for 30 seconds.

6\. Then pour soya sauce.

Advertisement

7\. Next add red chilli paste or fermented chilli bean paste, vinegar, salt
and sugar.

8\. Saute for a minute and then pour 3 to 4 tbsps water or oil.

9\. Mix and let the sauces bubble. The sauce will thicken slightly. Taste the
sauce and add more chili paste, sugar etc to suit your taste. Ensure the sauce
is tasting like you want it, then proceed further. You can also add more water
if the sauce turns too thick.

Advertisement

10\. Add fried chicken and toss well in the sauce for 1 minute until the sauce
coats the chicken well.

11\. Then add ground pepper (powder) and green onions.

Serve szechuan chicken hot as a appetizer or side with fried rice or noodles.
It is best served hot asthe crisp fried chicken begin to soften when it cools
down.

## Tips & substitutes

**Sauce** : This recipe needs Szechuan sauce or Schezwan sauce. You can easily
make it following my instructions below or buy it from a store. If using store
bought do choose one that has Sichuan peppercorn, red chilies and garlic as
the key ingredients since they are the flavour enhancers here.

**Sichuan peppercorn** is the star ingredient of the Sichuan chicken recipe.
These tiny little peppercorn have a citrusy aroma with a tongue numbing &
tickling sensation. I have shared a picture below. In case you prefer to make
your own sauce like me then look out for these online.

If you are not accessible to Sichuan pepper corn then simply substitute with
ground pepper. The dish will still turn out great but you will miss the most
important flavors of Sichuan food.

**Chicken** : We love the crisp fried chicken in the Sichuan sauce so I either
deep fry or grill it. The grilled version is healthier but the chicken does
not crisp up like the fried version. You can also fry the chicken in a air
fryer if you have.

If you are into healthy eating you may pan fry but it will surely not turn the
way I have shown in the pictures.

**Optional ingredient** : Fermented bean paste known as Doubanjiang is another
ingredient that is used in the authentic Sichuan cuisine. This is an optional
ingredient and you can use it if you like it.

Alternately you can also use fermented chilli bean paste to make the sauce &
skip the red chili paste I mentioned below.

**Related Recipes**

### Chicken Lollipop ...

### Chicken manchuria...

### Chicken Biryani R...

### Veg Fried Rice, H...

### Veg Noodles Recip...

### Chilli Chicken Re...

## Recipe Card

Advertisement

## Schezwan Chicken

Schezwan chicken is a popular Chinese dish made by tossing crisp chicken in
moderately hot, spicy, sweet and flavorful Sichuan sauce. This dish is
moderately hot and not too spicy. For more heat, triple the red chilies and
paste in the recipe.

Pin Recipe Print Recipe

1x2x3x

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

For best results follow the step-by-step photos above the recipe card

Prep Time5 minutes

Cook Time30 minutes

Total Time35 minutes

Servings3

AuthorSwasthi

### Ingredients (US cup = 240ml )

#### For chicken

  * ▢ 250 grams chicken or ½ lb cubed boneless 
  * ▢ 1 egg white (refer notes on brine)
  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon salt
  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon crushed pepper
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon soya sauce (chose naturally brewed)
  * ▢ 3 tablespoon Corn starch or (white corn flour)
  * ▢ ¼ cup oil or as needed for frying or grilling

#### other ingredients or use bottled sichuan sauce

  * ▢ 1 tablespoon sesame oil or any
  * ▢ 2 to 4 dried red chilies (refer notes)
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon Sichuan peppercorn ground (refer notes)
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon garlic chopped
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon ginger chopped
  * ▢ 2 to 3 sprigs spring onions or scallions (greens & whites separated)
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon soya sauce (naturally brewed)
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon rice vinegar
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon red chilli paste or 1 tablespoon chilli powder or 15 red chilies (notes)
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon sugar
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon Salt (adjust to taste)
  * ▢ ¼ to ½ teaspoon ground pepper or pepper powder

Advertisement

### Instructions

#### Preparation

  * ▢

**Make the red chilli paste** by mixing red chilli powder with 2 tbsps water.
Or Soak red chilies in hot water for 30 mins and drain. Blend them with little
water to a smooth paste. Set aside.

  * ▢

To a large mixing bowl add chicken, salt, pepper, soya sauce & flour.

  * ▢

Add egg white & mix everything well until the chicken is well coated. (refer
picture below).

  * ▢

Heat oil in a pan for deep frying.

  * ▢

When the oil is medium hot, gently slide the chicken pieces one after the
other. (fry them in batches)

  * ▢

Fry them on a medium high flame until crisp and golden. Remove to a plate.

#### How to make Schezwan Chicken

  * ▢

Turn off the stove & remove the oil to a small bowl, retaining 1 tbsp in the
pan.

  * ▢

Cool down the oil a bit and then fry the red chilies until crisp without
burning.

  * ▢

Add the ginger garlic. Saute them on a high flame for 30 seconds.

  * ▢

Then add the spring onions whites & fry for 1 min.

  * ▢

Add the ground sichuan peppercorns & saute until aromatic for 30 seconds.

  * ▢

Next add red chili paste, soya sauce, sugar, vinegar and very little salt.
Stir well.

  * ▢

Pour 3 to 4 tablespoons water or oil and allow the sauce to bubble & thicken
slightly.

  * ▢

Taste the sauce and add more chilli paste, sichuan peppercorns, sugar, salt,
vinegar etc to suit your taste.

  * ▢

Stir in the fried chicken and toss on the highest flame for 1 minute until the
sichuan sauce coats the chicken well.

  * ▢

Sprinkle ground pepper and spring onion greens.

  * ▢

Garnish schezwan chicken with more spring onion greens. Serve hot with noodles
or fried rice or as a appetizer.

Advertisement

### Notes

  1.  **Dried red chilies** : You can use as many as you wish. These add a smoky hot flavor to the dish.
  2. **Sichuan peppercorn**  give a characteristic unique flavor to the Szechuan chicken. But if you don't have just replace it with coarsely crushed pepper. But you will miss the citrusy flavor, tongue numbing & tongue tickling sensation in the dish. 
  3. **Red chilli powder or paste** : If using red chilli powder, mix it with 2 tbsps of water and make a paste. OR You can use plain store bought red chilli paste or fermented chilli bean paste. Alternately you can soak 12 to 15 red chilies in little hot water for 30 minutes & then blend them to a smooth paste with 2 to 3 tbsps water. 
  4. Overall the dish is not spicy and my kids could eat it. But the heat level depends on the kind of chili paste and sichuan peppercorns used. 
  5. Grilling chicken here works best with overnight brining and skipping the egg.



**Substitute:  **You can simply skip using sichuan peppercorns, red chilli
paste & red chilies in the recipe and use store bought sichuan sauce. But make
sure you use the sauce that has sichuan peppercorns, garlic and red chilies as
the main ingredients.

**Brine:** For the Chinese restaurant style crisp chicken that is soft and
succulent inside, brine the chicken overnight in the fridge. Simply stir in 4
tbsps yogurt with 3/4 cup water and rest the chicken in it overnight. Drain
and use the next morning. You can skip egg if you brine.

Alternative quantities provided in the recipe card are for 1x only, original
recipe.

For best results follow my detailed step-by-step photo instructions and tips
above the recipe card.

### Video

### NUTRITION INFO (estimation only)

Nutrition Facts

Schezwan Chicken

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 476 Calories from Fat 333

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 37g **57%**

Saturated Fat 6g **38%**

 **Cholesterol** 63mg **21%**

 **Sodium** 1174mg **51%**

 **Potassium** 403mg **12%**

 **Carbohydrates** 19g **6%**

Fiber 2g **8%**

Sugar 7g **8%**

 **Protein** 19g **38%**

**Vitamin A** 1668IU **33%**

 **Vitamin C** 46mg **56%**

 **Calcium** 39mg **4%**

 **Iron** 2mg **11%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Tried this recipe?Mention @SwasthisRecipes or tag #swasthisrecipes!

(C) Swasthi's Recipes

__WhatsApp

 __Share 94

 __Pin 6K

 __Reddit 1

 __Tweet

 __Email

6K Shares

**FOR MORE RECIPES**

Please leave this field empty

Enter & Confirm eMail ID for Swasthi's Recipes Newsletter *

Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.

  

Advertisement

## Post navigation

Previous Previous

Oatmeal pancakes recipe

NextContinue

Puffed rice upma recipe

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

56 Comments

__Inline Feedbacks

View all comments

Jeff

  
This was a great recipe! First time I’ve made Szechuan chicken. I would
definitely recommend using the fermented soy bean/chili paste. It had an
amazing flavor. I had ordered some extra numbing Szechuan peppercorns online a
while ago, and finally got to use them. Left my mouth feeling pretty numb.
Thank you for the recipe!

Reply

Advertisement

Samatha

  
Hi swathi  
I tried many of your recipes.everything turned out good.now I had store bought
schezwan sauce.how much can I use in this recipe?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Samatha

Hi Samatha  
Thank you! You can start with 1 tablespoon and add more to adjust to taste.
Hope this helps

Reply

Mayur

From where can you buy Sichuan peppercorn in India as most online stores do
not deliver in india??

Reply

James

  
Nice. But terrible idea to fry flour and egg in a wok, should be done in deep
fat fryer.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   James

Thank you! Yes deep frying gives best results.

Reply

yazhini

u r just awesome

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   yazhini

Thank you!

Reply

Lily

What do you mean by pepper powder?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Lily

It is crushed pepper.

Reply

__

Lily

__Reply to   swasthi

Just regular black pepper powder or some type of chili pepper powder?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Lily

Hi Lily,  
I read your comment below. Thanks for trying! Glad you liked it. I will update
the post clearly on the pepper.  
🙂

Reply

Geli ete

It is good that  
you details every small things

Reply

Advertisement

Geli ete

I like the way you details every small things

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Geli ete

Thank you

Reply

Carolyn Kiss

  
Chilli was not introduced to China or India until 16th century from S. America
due to Columbus.  
So in terms of world cuisine ..what used to spice Chinese and Indian
dishes..probably peppercorn/ nutmeg and cumin

Reply

Jason

  
Are you not suppose to remove the Szechuan Peppercorns, or at least grind
them? Most recipes call for them to be ground or discarded after infusing
them? Thanks! Planning to try this soon.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Jason

Welcome Jason  
Szechuan peppercorn has a very very strong aroma, so when ground the aroma
becomes over powered and it also leaves a tingling sensation on the tongue.
The best time to discard them is just before serving as the flavors will
infuse the chicken well. Hope this helps

Reply

__

Lily

__Reply to   swasthi

I made this with the peppercorns whole and made again with them ground. Very
good both ways but I really like the peppercorns so I really loved it more
ground up.

Reply

si

__Reply to   Jason

  
tried it today for the first time. didnt have szechuan chilli or red chill
paste. i used sriracha sauce. it was still awesome . i didnt deep fry the
chicken.  
thank for such a simple yet awesome recipe.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   si

Hi Si  
You are welcome. Glad to know it turned out good. Thank you so much for
trying.

Reply

Wendy

  
I made this with tofu instead of chicken. Wow! A hundred times better than
anything I've ever had from a takeaway or restaurant. Will definitely be
making this again. Thank you for the recipe.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Wendy

Welcome Wendy  
So happy to know it turned out good even with tofu.  
Thanks for writing  
🙂

Reply

Sandra Birch

  
How many bell peppers ? ..its not in recipe

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Sandra Birch

Hi Sandra  
They are optional. You can use 3/4 to 1 cup cubed bell peppers.

Reply

ulfat Dhanse

  
Very nice

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   ulfat Dhanse

Thanks

Reply

Advertisement

sunaina

pls post cough drop recipe dea..

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   sunaina

I do not know the recipe

Reply

sunaina

  
mouth watering flavours… nice recipes

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   sunaina

Thanks Sunaina

Reply

punitha anusiya

  
Tastes divine… love it like anything.. i have tried many chicken recipe but it
had came out very well…

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   punitha anusiya

Glad to know you liked it Punitha  
Thanks for sharing the outcome

Reply

Ana

  
Very nice

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Ana

Thank you

Reply

A

I have made this recipe multiple times now and it's amazing everytime. As
someone who is new to cooking, it is very easy to make and tastes great
everytime. However, I halve the amount of chilli stated in the recipe and even
with halving the chicken remains very spicy. Apart from that it's a wonderful
dish!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   A

Thanks and glad to know you like it. You will have to adjust the chilli
powder. I have mentioned in the recipe to use a less spicy variety chilli
powder. Kashmiri or byadgi chilli powder works good while making it look
bright in color and doesn't taste spicy as well. Thanks again for the feedback

Reply

Prashant

  
I made this today, turned out great! thanks for the recipe

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Prashant

Welcome Prashant  
Glad to know it turned out good. Thanks for the feed back

Reply

Advertisement

Praveen

  
Dear Swasthi,

Tried the recipe of schezwan chicken came very good. I didn't add water to get
the peppers crispy, and also i added roasted peanuts which gave an additional
taste.

Thanks for your recipe.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Praveen

Hi Praveen,  
So glad to know you made it good. Will try the tip of roasted peanuts next
time. That really sounds great. Thanks for the feedback. Have a nice weekend.

Reply

Kim

  
Made this turned out simply awesome. Great job

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Kim

Thanks Kim

Reply

Load Rest of Comments

Advertisement

Advertisement

(C) 2022 Swasthi's Recipes

Insert

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Popular RecipesExpand child menuExpand

    * Matar Paneer
    * Butter Chicken
    * Chana Masala
    * Dal Makhani
    * Gobi Manchurian
    * Chicken Tikka Masala
  * SocialExpand child menuExpand

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Twitter
    * Pinterest
    * Youtube

Toggle Menu Close

Search for:

Search

