https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/49014/ten-minute-szechuan-chicken/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. World Cuisine
  4. Asian
  5. Chinese
  6. Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

# Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

Rating: 4 stars 4.2

403 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 185 
  * 4 star values: 149 
  * 3 star values: 47 
  * 2 star values: 16 
  * 1 star values: 6 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 403 Ratings 
  * 294 Reviews 
  * 29 Photos 

A simple, quick recipe for Szechuan-style chicken with basic ingredients. This
is usually served over white rice.

Recipe by PUSATERI

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

Add Photo

Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken Annyvette Garcia

Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken Shon Jones

Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken Mikalros

Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken Crystal Keeley

\+ 25 25 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

20 mins

cook:

10 mins

total:

30 mins

Servings:

4

Yield:

4 servings

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

4

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 4 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 4 boneless skinless chicken breasts, cut into cubes 
  * 3 tablespoons cornstarch 
  * 1 tablespoon vegetable oil 
  * 4 cloves garlic, minced 
  * 5 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce 
  * 1 ½ tablespoons white wine vinegar 
  * ¼ cup water 
  * 1 teaspoon white sugar 
  * 3 green onions, sliced diagonally into 1/2 inch pieces 
  * ⅛ teaspoon cayenne pepper, or to taste 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Place the chicken and cornstarch into a bag or bowl, and toss to coat. Heat
oil in a wok or large skillet over medium-high heat. Fry the chicken pieces
and garlic, stirring constantly until lightly browned. Stir in the soy sauce,
vinegar, sugar and water. Cover, and cook until the chicken pieces are no
longer pink inside, 3 to 5 minutes.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Stir in the green onion, and cayenne pepper, cook uncovered for about 2 more
minutes. Serve over white rice.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

206 calories; protein 28.7g; carbohydrates 10.1g; fat 4.9g; cholesterol
68.4mg; sodium 744.6mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (294)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Curt McLey

Rating: 4 stars

08/22/2006

Do note--if you expect any kind of sauce, don't. I forgot that Szechuan
Chicken usually doesn't come with sauce. When I selected this recipe, I
expected something along the lines of Kung Pao Chicken, which usually comes
with sauce. The chicken had an exceptionally good flavor and served with rice,
is a definite winner.

Read More

Helpful (141)

### Most helpful critical review

AMYRICHARDSON25

Rating: 3 stars

07/27/2005

Holy Soy! This was really heavy on the Soy taste and I even reduced the amount
by half after reading the reviews. I don't think I'll be making this again any
time soon. I thought it was only "okay". But my boyfriend had no problem
taking the leftovers for lunch today, so I guess it was a hit with him!

Read More

Helpful (4)

403 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 185 
  * 4 star values: 149 
  * 3 star values: 47 
  * 2 star values: 16 
  * 1 star values: 6 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Curt McLey

Rating: 4 stars

08/22/2006

Do note--if you expect any kind of sauce, don't. I forgot that Szechuan
Chicken usually doesn't come with sauce. When I selected this recipe, I
expected something along the lines of Kung Pao Chicken, which usually comes
with sauce. The chicken had an exceptionally good flavor and served with rice,
is a definite winner.

Wonder Wanda

Rating: 5 stars

02/10/2003

Every time I make this recipe, it turns out fantastic and people love it. The
prep time has made it take over an hour before, depending on how many
vegetables I chop up and mix in (e.g. carrots, broccoli, cauliflower, bell
pepper, mushroom, green onion) or if I need to de-bone the meat. I would also
suggest adding peanuts to the sauce. Using the original recipe, i.e. boneless
skinless meat and not chopping any veggies, this is superfast and easy. When
cooking the rice, I like to add a little soy sauce and/or Szechuan seasoning
to the rice water for flavor.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

05/26/2005

Overall, this is a good recipe. I made some changes to this recipe to suit my
taste. Reduce the amount of soysauce to 2 TSP, and add 1/2 TSP directly to the
meat. Add 1 more tsp of sugar to balance the flavor. Add a dash of five spice
powder or ginger to give it authenticity. I tried the recipe with beef, and it
turned out good. This is definitely a keeper. Thanks for sharing the recipe.

the allrecipes staff

Rating: 5 stars

11/01/2002

We have updated this recipe to include 1 teaspoon of sugar as per the original
submission.

SPEARFISHER

Rating: 5 stars

05/22/2007

Seems to me that some of these recipes just "run together." Its a "different
recipe" but the same flavor. THIS recipe is great in that it is unique in
flavor, not to mention it tastes great :) It is very fast and it is versatile.
That being said, double up the sauce! :) Its great with pork or beef too!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

07/14/2004

I made this last night, but I adjusted the recipe to suit my family's tastes.
I only used 3 tblsp soy sauce. To make up for the liquid, I added 1 tblsp
Chinese cooking wine,(sherry would work too,) and also 1 tblsp sesami oil. I
increased the amount of cayenne pepper to 1/4 tsp and only used one green
onion. Also, I added that green onion during the last few minutes of cooking
since my family is not fond of the raw onion taste. The family loved this dish
and I'll make it again.

LARANEFF

Rating: 5 stars

05/25/2005

Great Recipe! Super easy, I found the preptime was even less than stated, I
cook rice for 20 minutes, and I did all the prep work and cooked it and it was
ready right as the rice was. I used rice vinegar instead, very tasty.

ROUXMOM

Rating: 5 stars

07/19/2005

I added sesame seeds and a little extra cayenne pepper, and it was perfect,
especially served with veggies over steamed white rice. Exactly what I was
hoping for. Thanks!

JEEZJAZE

Rating: 5 stars

06/15/2005

WOW, this is to die for! It did however take me much longer than 10 mins, but
I tripled the recipe...and I used pork loin instead of chicken. I would
suggest that you use a deep fryer to do the frying. It stuck to my pan and
burned, the cornstarch I am guessing. Then after the meat is fried add the
garlic and other ingredients. I also only put in a dash of the pepper as my
youngest and I really do mix well with alot of heat. I will most definitely be
using this recipe over and over again. Thank you so much for sharing.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

09/05/2002

Very special and tasty! Served over rice, of course. The amount of sugar is
missing - I only used 1/2 tsp. but could have used more. Thanks for this
recipe.

Joyousfreee

Rating: 4 stars

12/05/2011

Good base recipe. Too salty and bland as written, but much better with added
1/4 t. ginger, decreased soy sauce to 3 T. low sodium, and increase water to 1
c. to make a sauce. I also added broccoli, which worked very well. Served 2
very hungry people with 2 c. (dry) jasmine rice. Easy to prepare in the 20
minutes the rice is simmering.

Lish

Rating: 5 stars

02/07/2011

So delicious and easy. Next time I would slow down the cooking so when the
sauce thickens it doesn't dry out the chicken. As when you make Chicken
Marsala, you don't cook the chicken all the way so when the sauce thickens it
completely cooks the chicken while keeping it moist. I also added steamed
oriental vegetables and orzo (I was out of rice). My boyfriend loved it!

ka me ka thee

Rating: 5 stars

02/04/2011

Mmmmm! This is a great recipe! We added some veggies and doubled the "sauce".
Very easy and delicious! :)

Stacie Bonner

Rating: 4 stars

03/28/2011

Good recipe. The only changes I made was I used garlic vinegar, no sugar, and
broth instead of water. And I used brown rice. A good filling meal.

Nicole Burdett

Rating: 4 stars

07/14/2010

Wow... this was a lot better than I expected it to be! I must say, I did make
a few changes based on reviews that it was too salty even with the low-sodium
soy sauce. I only used 3 chicken breasts and for the sauce, I used 3 Tbsp of
low-sodium soy sauce, 1 Tbsp of Teryaki sauce, one Tbsp of sherry, 1.5 Tbsp of
white wine vinegar, 1/4 cup of water, 1 tsp of sugar, a couple shakes of
ground ginger and mixed in the garlic with the sauce, as I think it would have
burned and become bitter if cooked with the chicken. I used about 1/3 tsp of
cayenne as well and a quick drizzle of sesame oil. This was tender and
delicious over brown rice with broiled asparagus that was brushed with a
little sesame oil and sprinkled with sesame seeds.

Celeste

Rating: 4 stars

03/28/2011

Was actually looking for a pork chop recipe when I came across this and
decided to try it with boneless chops. I cut them up as directed, doubled the
sauce & used rice vinegar (didn't have white wine vinegar). It was good!

Kim Snyder

Rating: 4 stars

03/29/2011

For as simple as this recipe is to make, This is full of flavor and great with
rice. Double the sauce. I also added broccoli florets that I microwaved before
adding at the end.

tracydanes

Rating: 5 stars

06/01/2011

Love this recipe!! It is so super easy and tastes so good. It has become a
regular at our house. We eat a lot of chicken. The only thing I can suggest is
to definitally use "low sodium" soy sauce, and DO NOT substitute aminos for
the soy sauce... you will feel like you are licking a salt block!!! Excellent
recipe. Thanks!

Bobbi123

Rating: 5 stars

11/09/2010

I chose to make this because it was a weeknight and I needed something quick.
I wanted to make it a full meal, so I added red and green peppers, green
beans, mushrooms and julienned carrots. I stir fried them first and then
removed them from the pan to cook the chicken and added them back when the
chicken was just about finished. I also added a little fresh ginger and 1 more
tsp of sugar to the chicken. Finally, because I find the brand of soy sauce I
use to be strong, I decided to cut it in half and add more if it needed it (it
didn't) .To say this was delicious would be a gross understatement. It is
phenomenal!

Challena

Rating: 4 stars

04/03/2011

I used a leftover rotesserie chicken and used a combo of flour and cornstarch.
The chicken was juicy and cripsy. The sauce was okay....maybe ginger and
actual Chinese Szechaun peppers would add more flavor. My husband liked it
more than I did. I will likely look for a General Tso's sauce to put over the
yummy cripsy chicken.

AMYRICHARDSON25

Rating: 3 stars

07/27/2005

Holy Soy! This was really heavy on the Soy taste and I even reduced the amount
by half after reading the reviews. I don't think I'll be making this again any
time soon. I thought it was only "okay". But my boyfriend had no problem
taking the leftovers for lunch today, so I guess it was a hit with him!

Renee Walker

Rating: 1 stars

03/28/2011

Too salty. Make sure you make with low sodium soy. Ugh.

EMU3

Rating: 3 stars

06/30/2002

Very strong taste - too salty or maybe too much garlic- I saw that the
instructions say to add sugar but it wasn't listed with the ingredients. Maybe
this would have made a difference.

KARENKINM

Rating: 4 stars

07/17/2011

Quick and easy, this was a very tasty weeknight meal. I will add more veggies
when I make this again, maybe mushrooms and red pepper.

Kristey Stoisor

Rating: 4 stars

03/28/2011

I really loved this dish, as did my family. I did not give it 5 stars because
of the changes I felt it needed. However, I am very excited on how well this
recipe does with adaptations. Firstly, I added salt and pepper to the
cornstarch. Secondly, I used rice wine vinegar due to the fact that I was out
of white wine vinegar. Thirdly, after it was all made and was at its final
phase in cooking, I tasted it and felt it was a bit bland, so I added honey to
taste. I just felt that what I had ended up with needed the sweetness. It was
PERFECT. I suggest trying it this way however, be sure to add the honey slowly
and taste often. Next time I will plan this ahead and put some red chilies in
there to cook with it. I served it over Jasmine Rice (my favorite) steamed
using chicken stock and a pat of margarine, and a side of broccoli. Yummy.

3boysmama

Rating: 3 stars

08/03/2011

Ok but not my favorite recipe that I have found on this site for chinese.

MImom

Rating: 4 stars

04/07/2011

Pretty good. Quite salty, though. Might use low sodium soy next time. We
prefer a little more "sweet" in our stir fry. Could easily adjust with brown
sugar or honey.

THECSCARPS

Rating: 3 stars

03/28/2011

This was ok. Very salty. I even cut back on the soy sauce and added extra
water. The chicken seemed mushy to me. I did add some red and yellow peppers
which made it a little better. I would make it again but change some things.

Cheri

Rating: 3 stars

03/30/2011

This was too soy saucy, didn't much care for the flavor.

Annio

Rating: 4 stars

05/07/2012

We really enjoyed this. I will use a different soy sauce next time and maybe
peanut oil. I halved the recipe but wished I had not halved the sauce.
Definately good but has room to play. Thanks for sharing. Will be making it
again soon.

JoeRik

Rating: 5 stars

03/28/2011

Delicious! I read other reviews and I was worried about the salt factor, but I
tripled the sauce and didn't find it too salty at all. I didn't put quite as
much sugar as the recipe called for because I didn't want the sauce too sweet.
I am not wild about cayenne pepper so for a bit of spice I added a few
teaspoons of sweet chili sauce and that gave it just the right amount of
spice. We ate it over instant white rice and it was delicious. I did find that
our cooking time was significantly longer than the recipe states, but it was
totally worth it.

That Girl3

Rating: 5 stars

03/28/2011

Soo good! I made a few changes-kept the sauce exactly the same-and it was
AMAZING!! I changed the chicken to beef, added two carrots and 2 broccoli
stalks. Next time I'll add some water chestnuts too...ooh, was it amazing!
This is going on my meal plan menu, hands down! Thank you!

cam

Rating: 4 stars

01/24/2012

This was good, after I changed it a bit...I thought it was sooo salty and
kinda bitter. I always cook my chicken in the skillet with small amt olive oil
and chicken seas. prepare sauce stovetop separate pan. I tried adding more
sugar, still bitter, so in the end I actually had to add about 1/4 c honey to
balance flavor. Added some red pepper flakes for a little spice....really good
after that. Maybe I just like sauce a bit sweeter, but even after honey this
sauce was so bitter before it helped alot and wasn't even that sweet.

etaggart

Rating: 5 stars

01/28/2011

I add about 1/3 cup of peanuts to the recipe at the same time I put in the
green onions.. Love it!!

MOMO623

Rating: 4 stars

06/28/2007

This is one of my favorite quick and easy recipes. I always add with a bag of
frozen stir fry veggies to the chicken instead of serving it over rice. If you
do it that way you can even use less chicken. Two large chicken breasts are
enough for a satisfying meal.

Amy Nephew

Rating: 4 stars

07/11/2011

Good base recipe. Added veggies (red pepper, borccoli, mushrooms) and some
sriracha sauce for heat. I used one fresh cayenne pepper which must not have
been as spicy as I expected. Doubled the liquid ingredients since I added
veggies. Pretty quick and tasty.

Gwen on the West Coast

Rating: 5 stars

01/19/2010

This was a great recipe. I added a bunch of veggies to it: broccoli, carrots,
bell pepper and mushrooms. Tasted great and fresh. Thanks very much!

inskydiamonds

Rating: 2 stars

07/13/2011

For not salting this dish at all and using low-sodium soy sauce, I still found
it too salty. It definitely needed something to offset the salty of the soy
sauce.

kateskitch

Rating: 5 stars

02/26/2011

Quick and easy!

anjee

Rating: 4 stars

02/28/2011

Very good

vkk

Rating: 4 stars

01/29/2010

I agree it took longer than 10 minutes, but it was worth it. I used flour
because I didn't have corn starch. It was a little salty, will probably reduce
soy sauce next time. It was very moist and tasty over rice, we will be making
this again.

Linsey Friske

Rating: 5 stars

04/05/2011

Super quick and easy to cook! VERY easy to individualize!

alk02g

Rating: 2 stars

04/02/2012

I didn't think this was anywhere near as spicy as the szechuan chicken you get
in restaurants. It was pretty easy to make, but not a keeper in our house.

banshezmom

Rating: 4 stars

07/18/2011

Made this as directed without the cayenne as I had young children eating.
Without the cayenne, it needed a little something to perk it up (black/red
pepper maybe?) but that was all on me. Hubby really liked it so I'm sure this
will be made again and again on the nights I'm craving takeout. Thank you for
sharing!

mrsmcc

Rating: 4 stars

03/31/2011

Really nothing special, the meat lacked flavor (seasoning), I added ginger to
it but didn't really give it that "full flavor" however my family ate it up.
Will try again but will add season to the meat before coating with cornstarch.

KLEROUE

Rating: 4 stars

04/02/2011

It was really good but salty for our liking even with the reduced sodium soy
sauce. Maybe next time we will use less soy sauce and see how that works. It
is definitely a keeper.

Jay Jay

Rating: 4 stars

09/24/2011

This was delicious!! added some jasmine rice we gobbled it up! Thanks!

geekbot5000

Rating: 5 stars

03/28/2011

I can't believe how good this is!!! The first words out of my mouth were
D**nm!!! I could not believe it. Taste BETTER than the restaurant and dead
simple, all I picked up at the store was the chicken breast!!

TWISENER

Rating: 5 stars

01/10/2010

This was a great recipe. I did not have white wine vinegar, and used balsamic
vinegar instead. I was worried about the end result, but it was fabulous.
Served with brown rice.

MV

Rating: 5 stars

02/10/2010

In search of a simple and good Chicken Szechuan recipe, I came across this
one. All I can is - OMG this is FANTASTIC! My husband really enjoyed it and
gobbled up the majority of the 2 servings I made - I guess he thought it was
fantastic too. ;) The only thing I changed is that I added brocolli and
shredded carrots towards the end of the recipe. I will DEFINITELY make this
one again. I think next time I will add a fresh red pepper. Thanks PUSATERI
for posting! =) I also agree with some of the postings, it's not a 10 minute
recipe - but that's OK, it doesn't take long to make.

Tim

Rating: 5 stars

02/27/2010

So tasty! I've used two other kinds of vinegar besides white wine (whatever I
have around), and it's fine.

kwilliamson

Rating: 5 stars

03/29/2011

FANTASTIC!!!! All I did differently was DOUBLE the sauce, and add in lots of
veggies: broccoli, snap peas, green peppers, anything would work. The chicken
was SUPER tender, and the flavor was excellent! This is going into the
rotation of regular recipes I make.

Kiki

Rating: 5 stars

03/29/2011

OMGoodness!! So good! The chicken was tender and so flavorful. I will
definitely be making this again and again!! Thank you for the recipe :)

NYCCHEENZ

Rating: 4 stars

05/05/2013

could be spicier i added 16 hot chilis it makes it better

carrimy

Rating: 2 stars

04/04/2011

So little taste...

REYESGURL02

Rating: 4 stars

09/11/2003

Pretty Good I think a little more ceyenne pepper for more spice but it was
good kind of the like the chicken you get a the chinese places in the malls

Candeeland

Rating: 2 stars

04/10/2011

Followed exactly but found it to be quite bland. Had to doll it up tableside
with things I had on hand...peanuts and sriracha sauce.

Jenna Buescher-Hill

Rating: 5 stars

03/28/2011

WOW. SO good, SO easy. Where have you been all my life Szechuan CHicken? Could
be applied to Tofu or shrimp easily too.

Sunshine321

Rating: 4 stars

04/18/2010

This was very good! I made it as written, but a couple of suggestions though:
increase oil to 2-3 tbsp, the cornstarch on the chicken sucks it up pretty
quick. Reduce the soy sauce to 3 tbps, it is very overpowering, and then
increase the amount of sugar and green onions. Thanks for the recipe, it is a
keeper!

Andromeda Annie Gowin

Rating: 5 stars

03/08/2010

I loved this. Takes longer than 10 mins.

angell7b43

Rating: 4 stars

03/29/2011

This was very good, but I changed a few things, so I couldn't rate this a 5,
but good base recipe. I used chicken instead of beef. I used 1/4 cup low
sodium soy sauce and 3/4 cup water and added one beef boulion cube. then I
used about 3 tbl spoons of brown sugar, added about 2 cups of broccoli and
used no onions. Then in the end I added a mixture of 2 tbl spoons water with 1
tbl spoon corn starch then poured it into the chicken, broccoli and sauce to
thicken it up a bit. Served with white rice. Was absolutely wonderful!

amydoll

Rating: 4 stars

01/05/2015

very tasty! I served with a benihana copycat ginger sauce on the side for
dipping.

Michelle Magura

Rating: 4 stars

01/13/2011

I used lemon juice instead of vinegar. The food was tasty, but salty. I would
use low sodium soy sauce next time.

corie

Rating: 4 stars

09/26/2011

this was good. I did add green pepper, onion, ginger and xtra sugar. i'll
think twice next time when it comes to ordering chinese take out. i loved how
the sauce thickened up with the cornstarch..

EGerman

Rating: 4 stars

06/15/2005

Very tasty and easy... I used chili flakes instead of cayenne which really
kicked it up a notch. Definitely needs a little more sweetness - soy sauce is
very strong. I wonder if adding pineapple chunks would be good?

gopintos

Rating: 5 stars

07/20/2011

Quick and Easy and Tasty, just the way I like a recipe. Thanks for sharing!

trooworld

Rating: 2 stars

05/08/2011

I'm sorry, we found this lacking in flavor. It was easy. Maybe we could add
more spices next time. Thanks anyway.

Kimberly in Canada

Rating: 5 stars

03/30/2011

It was quick and excellent. I would reduce the amount of soy sauce to 3
tablespoons next time, as I felt it was a tad salty. Definitely going in my
recipe collection! Thank you!

Snoopy

Rating: 5 stars

04/01/2011

Delicious. Marinate the chicken in a bag of cornstarch for at least 2-3 hrs.
Deep fry the chicken. triple the original sauce ingredients, double the sugar,
To the sauce add 1 tbs ginger, stir every few min with each added ingredient.
Add carrots 1st they take longer to cook, then the deep fried chicken,
followed shortly after all at once; brocolli, onion, green pepper, sugar snap
peas. Just before serving stir in the green onion. What a delight

jodibelle

Rating: 5 stars

06/16/2011

This was very easy and very tasty. It is definitely a do-over. I added some
sliced squash and onions that I had.

Jen

Rating: 4 stars

03/29/2011

Great base recipe that you can do so much with! It was a little bland for my
taste, so i added more garlic, a little black pepper, chili paste, and a
little honey. (the honey tied it all together!) I think next time i will use
pineapple or orange juice instead of water just for a little more flavor!
Thanks!

JENNKENN

Rating: 5 stars

03/28/2011

Took a lot longer than ten minutes to cook! Very good though and came out
delicious. Added snap peas, water chestnuts and peanuts to round out the meal.
I'm not a great chef but this came out exactly right!

Desiree

Rating: 4 stars

05/25/2004

This was good--I added 1/2 a head of broccoli when I added the green onions &
instead of serving over rice, I boiled some udon noodles for about 30 seconds
& then threw those in with the rest of the mixture and let that cook for about
2 more minutes before serving. I also had to add about another 1-1 1/2 cups of
water. The noodles made this recipe very rich!

LVERNE1

Rating: 3 stars

03/25/2004

Oops. This took a little longer than 10 minutes. It was okay but nothing
wonderful. It looked really good. Had good presentation but the flavor just
wasn't there.

April

Rating: 5 stars

08/29/2009

Awesome recipe! I will definitely make this again. I followed the recipe
exactly and I could not get enough!! Served it over chicken flavored rice and
with some broiled potato slices. Thank you!!

lillpup

Rating: 3 stars

08/20/2008

This gets three stars, because it was as fast and easy and advertised, but the
taste just wasn't there. I hate giving bad reviews, but this tasted like
cafeteria food. Salty and bland. Sorry.

Jillian1H1

Rating: 5 stars

08/01/2011

I make this recipe all the time now! I skip the cornstarch, I find I never
need it. In a separate pan, I add a couple splashes of chicken broth, and
slice up red peppers and zucchini thinly and simmer until they're tender. If I
have bok choy or bean sprouts on hand I'll toss them in too. I like to put the
chicken and veggies over a bed of brown rice or quinoa (cooked in 1/2 water
and 1/2 chicken broth), or I mix it all up with some steamed noodles. It's a
great stir fry. I also tend to make a little extra sauce. This is my favorite
recipe! It's very versatile and you can adjust it to how you want; I like to
add a little extra cayenne, and sometimes some ginger powder to sauce.

love to cook

Rating: 5 stars

05/25/2010

Can we say Yummy! I did increase the amount of the sauce by converting the
recipe to 8 servings but only used three chicken breasts...

scrithers

Rating: 1 stars

03/29/2011

The flavor has way too much soy sauce in it. It needs more sugar added or less
soy sauce.

Sara

Rating: 5 stars

09/28/2009

This recipe turned out great, my husband thought it was delicious! Tasted like
Chinese from a restaurant, except better. The sauce was really good too.

LHDSCHMITT

Rating: 4 stars

02/18/2011

I used red wine vinegar instead of white (what I had on hand) and also added
some powdered ginger. I will definitely make this again. Yum!

BROOKIIEE

Rating: 2 stars

01/29/2003

I wasn't impressed with this recipe at all. I will say, it looked pretty, but
the soy sauce was WAY too overpowering, and the chicken tasted bitter. I even
tried adding a little more sugar, but it still tasted like it had soaked in
vinegar and soy sauce. I definitely won't be making this again.

SUMLEE

Rating: 5 stars

06/15/2005

This is great! I have made this at least five times and it has always turned
out delicious! We like to turn up the heat a little by increasing the cayenne
pepper! YUMMY!

joe

Rating: 5 stars

05/08/2010

A+. Big hit at the dinner table. Note: you may want to use 2 or 3 times the
amt of veg oil to fry the chicken and garlic- as the proportion of meat to oil
is not enouh and the chicken cannot cook thoroughly. Deslih, will make again!

Michell

Rating: 5 stars

04/02/2011

Great flavor, super easy to make. I used chicken strips, just to save time and
I only had real onion, which was fine, but perhaps not as authentic. I will
make this again. So easy, so quick, and it would be an impressive dish to
serve for guests.

Holiday Baker

Allstar

Rating: 4 stars

06/30/2011

Okay, I had to time myself to see if this really took ten minutes. I didn't
have any of the ingredients out yet or prepped. I started mincing the garlic
and chopping the green onion and the garlic alone took me five minutes to
mince 4 cloves. I also had to add on extra minutes because I like chicken well
cooked and I do tend to clean as I go. I did use sharp scissors to cut
everything I could and that did save some time. Next time I want to try minced
garlic in a jar. The whole meal took 32 minutes, which is still pretty darn
quick for a decent hot meal. Plus, it was done when my rice I had going in the
rice cooker was finished. I have never eaten Szechuan chicken, so I have
nothing to compare this to, but this tasted pretty good. I will probably make
this again, but it seems like it is missing something. I will have to figure
out what that is?

Call Me Alice

Rating: 5 stars

07/12/2011

As suggested, I doubled the sauce. I didn't have green onions, so I used a
little bit of sweet onion. Also, I used rice vinegar. Because I am slow at
food prep, this took the full 40 minute cooking time for the rice. This is
delicious. It is not terribly hot, so never fear about adding the recommended
cayenne. I served it with brown rice that had been flavored with soy sauce.

Lori Christopoulos

Rating: 5 stars

04/04/2011

Excellent! I doubled the recipe, used chicken thighs instead of breasts, I
added broccoli & sliced mushrooms approximately 5 minutes before the green
onions. I will make this again and again!

snbrash

Rating: 5 stars

04/14/2011

Very good! I used lots of veggies in this and the hubby ate it up! Could
easily swap out the chicken for any other meat.

GiGi

Rating: 5 stars

03/29/2011

very easy and delicious. I added extra cayenne and served over white rice.
very tasty recipe- thanks.

Melissa in Tucson

Rating: 4 stars

03/29/2011

I recommend giving this recipe a try if you are serving it over a seasoned
rice stir fry, since it has no sauce of its own. I used some dried Annaheim
chile's from my garden instread of cayenne pepper, otherwise followed the
recipe exactly and would make it again. Nice to be able to make it yourself
and control the fat content.

IrishMammy

Rating: 5 stars

01/16/2007

Maybe more like 25 minutes, but still, I have no complaints! This was a really
good easy recipe. I did add some ground ginger to the cornstarch before
coating the chicken, and I threw in some stir fry veggies to bulk it out a
little. Instead of rice, I used Chinese noodles which have a finer texture
than spaghetti noodles and make it more authentically Asian. Really yummy!

Sandra Webb Wilkinson

Rating: 5 stars

03/31/2011

This recipe is exceptional just the way it is. I couldn't be happier with the
outcome and neither can my family. This is a keeper.

medwaylablover

Rating: 5 stars

07/20/2007

This recipe was really good - I didn't have white wine vinegar - just white
vinegar and it still tasted great - I did add a bag of birdseye asian style
vegetables and 1/4 to 1/2 cup of lightly salted peanuts - it was fabulous -
definitely a keeper and we'll be making this again!

MSMEL1044

Rating: 5 stars

04/06/2005

this was a quick and easy meal

Theddyleigh

Rating: 3 stars

03/28/2011

Made this tonight for a quick dinner to feed my hubby and two toddlers. Based
on reviews doubled the sauce... I didnt get to eat right away so when I heated
it up twenty mins later I thought it reduced a little too much and was kind of
salty even being served over buttery rice. My hubs said he liked it right away
though... Next time i may just add a little chicken stock when reheating to
cut the salty! Awesome quick meal though

bambimayer

Rating: 5 stars

10/18/2011

This was a delicious dinner. My 3 year old is so picky and she LOVED this so
much she had seconds which is not a normal thing with her.

LGREENE2

Rating: 4 stars

08/14/2005

I doubled the spices to give it some kick and I added some fresh broccali. It
was pretty tasty overall.

Mom22GreatKids

Rating: 5 stars

05/22/2012

This recipe has been sitting in my recipe box for over a year and I finally
got around to trying. Boy, am I glad I did! This was so quick and easy to put
together and tasted amazing. I am not a good cook of international cuisine,
and while this may not necessarily be considered "authentic" (although, how do
I know what authentic is?!) it sure was easy to prepare and had that chinese
taste I was hoping for. I will definitely make this again!

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

##  All Reviews for Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

Servings Per Recipe: 4  
Calories: 205.7  

% Daily Value *

protein:  28.7g  57 %

carbohydrates:  10.1g  3 %

dietary fiber:  0.6g  2 %

sugars:  1.7g

fat:  4.9g  8 %

saturated fat:  0.9g  5 %

cholesterol:  68.4mg  23 %

vitamin a iu:  160.6IU  3 %

niacin equivalents:  19.6mg  151 %

vitamin b6:  0.7mg  46 %

vitamin c:  4.6mg  8 %

folate:  15.3mcg  4 %

calcium:  30.9mg  3 %

iron:  1.5mg  9 %

magnesium:  43.2mg  15 %

potassium:  381.3mg  11 %

sodium:  744.6mg  30 %

thiamin:  0.1mg  11 %

calories from fat:  44.4

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 294

Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

1 of 29 Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

Annyvette Garcia

Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

2 of 29 Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

Shon Jones

Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

3 of 29 Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

Mikalros

Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

4 of 29 Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

Crystal Keeley

Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

5 of 29 Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

Rafael Amaro

Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

6 of 29 Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

Jonathan Hamm

Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

7 of 29 Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

Leah Georgens Fennell

Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

8 of 29 Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

Shirley

Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

9 of 29 Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

Andrea

Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

10 of 29 Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

Christina Welch

Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

11 of 29 Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

Bridgette

Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

12 of 29 Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

Katie Foley Linn

Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

13 of 29 Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

Jack Grigsby III

Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

14 of 29 Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

Kirk Larson

Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

15 of 29 Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

jdmeinz

Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

16 of 29 Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

Kt Hibbler

Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

17 of 29 Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

Lori

Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

18 of 29 Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

Jessica

Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

19 of 29 Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

Lynne

Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

20 of 29 Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

nativeSDgirl

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Ten Minute Szechuan Chicken

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

