https://www.dinneratthezoo.com/szechuan-chicken/


  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * Twitter

  * About
  * Contact Me
  *     * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * RSS
    * Twitter

Dinner at the Zoo

  * All Recipes
  * Dinner
  * Appetizers
  * Dessert
  * One Pot Meals
  * Slow Cooker
  * Asian Food

Home » Asian Food » Szechuan Chicken

Published: June 3, 2020 Last Modified: June 7, 2020 By Sara 27 Comments

# Szechuan Chicken

  * Pinterest
  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Email

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

 _This Szechuan chicken is a spicy stir fry made with tender pieces of chicken
and colorful vegetables, all tossed in a sweet and savory sauce. A classic
Chinese style dish that tastes just as good as what you 'd get at a
restaurant!_

I'm always making our favorite take out dishes at home including General Tso's
chicken, beef chow mein, and this spicy Szechuan chicken. If you love heat,
you'll adore this recipe!

When I go to my local Chinese restaurant, I always order the Szechuan chicken.
It's got the perfect blend of chicken and veggies with sweet, savory and spicy
notes. My version uses ingredients that are available in most grocery stores
which makes this recipe quick and easy for a busy weeknight.

## What is Szechuan chicken?

This dish is a chicken stir fry that contains plenty of spice in the form of
sichuan peppercorns and dried red chilies. It originated from the Sichuan
providence of China, which is how it got its name. Szechuan chicken also
typically contains vegetables, and also may contain peanuts in some cases.

## How do you make Szechuan chicken?

This recipe starts with pieces of chicken breast that are coated in corn
starch and seasonings, then pan fried until crisp. Remove the chicken from the
pan, then add in vegetables, red chilies and Sichuan peppercorns. While the
chicken and vegetables are cooking, prepare the sauce by whisking together soy
sauce, hoisin sauce, sesame oil and chicken broth. Pour the sauce over the
chicken and vegetables, and let it simmer until thickened. Serve immediately
over rice and enjoy.

## Tips for the perfect stir fry

  * The Sichuan peppercorns are what gives this dish its authentic flavor. These peppercorns have a citrus flavor and also provide a tingly numbing type sensation in the mouth which contributes to the heat of this dish. If you can't find this spice, it's fine to omit it. You can break open a few of the chili peppers and sprinkle the seeds into the dish to create more heat if you don't have the peppercorns.
  * Dried red chilies provide a lot of the heat and a mild nutty flavor. While several types of dried red chiles can be used in Szechuan dishes, I use chiles de arbol. Chiles de arbol are Mexican chili peppers that are commonly found in grocery stores. They also bring a lot of flavor and meld well with the sauce.
  * This recipe uses hoisin sauce as part of the flavoring components. Hoisin sauce has a dark brown-red appearance and a slightly sweet and tangy flavor. Many Chinese dishes use hoisin sauce to provide depth of flavor to the dishes. You can find hoisin sauce in the Asian section of your local supermarket.
  * Szechuan chicken will stay fresh in the refrigerator for up to 4 days which makes this a great dish for meal prep.
  * I recommend serving your stir fry over steamed rice to help temper the heat. Other options include quinoa, noodles or cauliflower rice.

## What is the difference between Szechuan chicken and General Tso's chicken?

Szechuan chicken tender to be spicier than General Tso's chicken and contains
the Sichuan peppercorns. General Tso's chicken has a heavier batter on the
chicken, and the chicken is deep fried instead of pan fried. Szechuan chicken
tends to contain a fair amount of vegetables, whereas General Tso's chicken is
served on its own or with broccoli.

## Flavor Variations

This dish is great as-is, but you can also change up the ingredients to
customize it to your tastes.

  * Protein: Instead of chicken breast, try sliced steak, chicken thighs, shrimp or tofu.
  * Vegetables: While bell peppers are commonly found in this dish, I've also seen it served with other vegetables including mushrooms, broccoli and carrots.
  * Nuts: Some versions of Szechuan chicken contain peanuts. Cashews or almonds would also be a good choice.

You can't go wrong with the sweet and spicy flavors of this classic recipe.
Next time you're craving Chinese food, skip the take out and make it at home!

### More Asian dishes you'll enjoy

  * Beef and Broccoli Stir Fry
  * Hunan Beef
  * Stir Fry Noodles
  * Shrimp Fried Rice
  * Tofu Stir Fry

## Szechuan Chicken Video

Print Pin

5 from 14 votes

## Szechuan Chicken

This Szechuan chicken is a spicy stir fry made with tender pieces of chicken
and colorful vegetables, all tossed in a sweet and savory sauce. A classic
Chinese style dish that tastes just as good as what you'd get at a restaurant!

Course Main Course

Cuisine Asian

Prep Time 10 minutes

Cook Time 20 minutes

Total Time 30 minutes

Servings 4 servings

Calories 295kcal

Author Sara Welch

### Ingredients

#### For the stir fry

  * ▢ 1/4 cup vegetable oil
  * ▢ 1 pound boneless skinless chicken breasts cut into 1 inch pieces
  * ▢ 1/4 cup corn starch
  * ▢ 1/2 cup yellow onion cut into 1/2 inch pieces
  * ▢ 1 red bell pepper cut into 1 inch pieces
  * ▢ 1 green bell pepper cut into 1 inch pieces
  * ▢ 25 small dried red chilies
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon sichuan peppercorns optional
  * ▢ 1 1/2 teaspoons minced garlic
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon minced ginger
  * ▢ salt and pepper to taste

#### For the sauce

  * ▢ 3 tablespoons low sodium soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 1/2 tablespoons hoisin sauce
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon sesame oil
  * ▢ 1 1/2 tablespoons brown sugar
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon corn starch
  * ▢ 1/4 cup chicken broth

### Instructions

  * Place the chicken in a bowl with the corn starch and salt and pepper to taste. Toss to combine. Heat the vegetable oil in a large pan over high heat. 

  * Place the chicken in a single layer in the pan. Cook for 3-4 minutes per side until golden brown. You may have to do this step in batches.

  * Remove the chicken from the pan. Cover to keep warm.

  * Add the onion and red and green bell peppers to the pan. Stir in the chilies and sichuan peppercorns. Cook for 3-4 minutes or until vegetables are softened.

  * Add the garlic and ginger to the pan; cook for an additional 30 seconds. Return the chicken to the pan with the vegetables. 

  * While the chicken and vegetables are cooking, make the sauce. Whisk together all of the sauce ingredients in a small bowl.

  * Add the sauce to the chicken mixture and bring to a boil; cook for 30 seconds to 1 minute, or until sauce is just thickened. Serve immediately.

### Nutrition

Calories: 295kcal | Carbohydrates: 12g | Protein: 35g | Fat: 18g | Saturated
Fat: 6g | Cholesterol: 173mg | Sodium: 788mg | Fiber: 3g | Sugar: 5g

Tried this Recipe? Tag me Today!Mention @DinnerAtTheZoo or tag
#dinneratthezoo!

  * Pinterest
  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Email

Filed Under: Asian Food, Dinner

## FREE TOOLKIT: 5 Secrets to Meal Planning

Learn my _5 Meal Planning Secrets_ & get my Meal Planning Toolkit...FREE!

Yes, Sign Me Up!

​  
​

**Still hungry? Follow Dinner at the Zoo onFacebook, Twitter, Instagram and
Pinterest for more great recipe ideas!**

« Classic Stuffed Shells Recipe

How to Cook a Lobster »

### Comments

  1. May says

March 22, 2022 at 5:55 am

  
I purchased Sichuan Peppercorns from The Spice House, without knowing how to
use them. I did some research and landed on this recipe- We really enjoyed it!
I did toast the peppercorn husks, and run them through a spice grinder first.
I will probably try chicken thighs next time, as I don’t always get the
texture of chicken breast right.

Reply

    * Delaine says

May 4, 2022 at 10:01 am

  
Great recipe. Could not find the peppers. I used red chillies which are very
hot and I just used 1. The sauce is delicious and the chicken is crispy. I
added green onions and a few mushrooms. Better than my local Chinese
restaurant. Definitely a keeper. I will definitely look for the peppercorns
for next time.

Reply

  2. Blanca gunion says

April 22, 2021 at 9:50 pm

Very delicious and the best, Than you very much!

Reply

  3. Jane says

March 19, 2021 at 10:20 am

  
Hi! Thank you very much for this recipe. It is delicious. I've made it a few
times now and wanted to make a suggestion based on a little research. First, I
tried adding in the whole Sichuan peppercorn (brown husk + little black seed
thing inside) as it came in the bag from my Asian supply shop. It was
unpleasantly crunchy but tasted great. So next time I tried cracking the whole
peppercorns in a mill. Also tasted great but had a texture like sand. I asked
the internet, and apparently ONLY the husk, not the little black seed part,
should be used. The husk should be toasted dry for a few minutes, which brings
out the flavor, and then crushed with a mortar and pestle (TBH I will probably
still use a mill…). The little black seed part is apparently tasteless and
only makes for a brittle, sandy texture. Anyway, just wanted to share. Best -
Jane

Reply

  4. Kimberly says

January 13, 2021 at 3:09 pm

I substituted peanut sauce for the sesame oil and threw in a handful of
unsalted peanuts. Chef’s kiss.

Reply

  5. Leilani says

December 17, 2020 at 1:50 pm

May I substitute ground szechuan for whole peppercorns? If yes, what is the
equivalent?

Reply

    * Sara says

December 17, 2020 at 5:17 pm

I'd do 1/2 teaspoon!

Reply

  6. Mili Bar says

December 5, 2020 at 12:46 am

This is my favorite Chinese dish! Thank you for this recipe! I do have one
question, though. Do you use canned chicken broth or do you meke it yourself,
and if so then how?

Reply

    * Sara says

December 5, 2020 at 9:32 pm

I just used canned chicken broth!

Reply

  7. Marge says

September 8, 2020 at 1:26 pm

  
My husband loves spicy food so this was perfect for us! Served it in a bowl of
brown rice .

Reply

  8. Dougie says

September 3, 2020 at 12:13 am

  
Made this last night, dialled the chillies down!! it was very good indeed.

Reply

  9. JIll Naylor says

June 29, 2020 at 11:19 pm

I am unable to get Sichuan Peppercorns can I use normal Black Peppercorns?

Reply

    * Sara says

June 30, 2020 at 9:19 pm

You can use 1/2 teaspoon of coarsely ground black pepper!

Reply

      * MCW says

July 3, 2020 at 8:51 am

Sichuan Peppercorns are available on Amazon. Realluy makes a huge difference
in the taste of a dish so worth ordering and waiting.

Reply

    * Dana Cutsail says

August 30, 2021 at 12:46 pm

I found them on Amazon

Reply

  10. Cassandra says

June 15, 2020 at 3:36 pm

Can this be made with coconut flour to make it keto friendly?

Reply

    * Sara says

June 15, 2020 at 8:04 pm

Do you mean instead of corn starch?

Reply

  11. Jacque says

June 13, 2020 at 1:11 pm

  
Tried this for dinner last night and loved the perfect balance of flavor! My
picky eaters even enjoyed a little kick of spice! Looking forward to leftovers
for dinner tonight!

Reply

  12. Melissa says

June 10, 2020 at 12:15 pm

  
My family really enjoyed your recipe! We'll make it again soon>

Reply

  13. Jennifer says

June 10, 2020 at 11:26 am

  
Thanks for making me look like a rockstar at dinner tonight. My husband was so
impressed that I think he thought I had stashed the take out containers
somewhere, haha! So delicious!!

Reply

  14. Catalina says

June 10, 2020 at 6:28 am

  
One of my favorite Chinese dishes. So glad to make it at home now!

Reply

  15. Suzy says

June 9, 2020 at 12:48 pm

  
I am loving the chicken with the veggies! The sauce just tops it off
perfectly!

Reply

  16. Cathy says

June 9, 2020 at 7:52 am

The sauce is DELICIOUS!

Reply

  17. Vikki says

June 8, 2020 at 10:25 pm

  
AMAZING chicken, so many fantastic flavors coming together! Tastes just like
the real thing

Reply

  18. Erin says

June 8, 2020 at 5:36 pm

  
This Szechuan chicken is looks heavenly!

Reply

  19. Beth says

June 8, 2020 at 12:50 pm

  
This is so delicious and tasty! My family and I love love love this recipe!
Thanks!

Reply

  20. Jen says

June 8, 2020 at 11:56 am

  
Made this and literally will never ever go to a Chinese restaurant every
again- drop dead, eyes rolled in the back of my head delicious. Insanely
amazing to think that this is achievable at home and with no special cooking
equipment. You’re amazing! A total keeper!!!

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

  
With 3 young kids, dinner can feel like feeding time at the zoo! I'm a mom on
a mission to create easy, healthy and family friendly recipes ...Read More

#### Grilling Recipes

## Chicken Caprese

## Grilled Lamb Chops

## Greek Chicken Kabobs

## Grilled Scallops with Lemon and Herbs

## Steak Fajitas Recipe

## Grilled Asparagus in Foil

More Posts from this Category

#### Featured Recipes

## Artichoke Dip Recipe

## Creamy Tuscan Chicken

## Honey Garlic Shrimp Stir Fry

## Lemon Asparagus Pasta with Grilled Chicken

## FREE TOOLKIT: 5 Secrets to Meal Planning

Learn my _5 Meal Planning Secrets_ & get my Meal Planning Toolkit...FREE!

Yes, Sign Me Up!

​  
​

#### Categories

Categories Select Category Air Fryer Appetizers Asian Food Baking Breakfast
Brunch Cocktail Parties Comfort Food Cookies Crafts and Parties Cupcakes
Dessert Dinner Drinks Easter Easy Meal Plan Sunday Eat Your Veggies Everyday
Meals Featured Recipes Gluten Free Grilling Instant Pot Light & Healthy Lunch
One Pot Meals Pasta Quick & Easy Dinners Roundups Salads Sauces & Seasonings
Side Dishes Slow Cooker Smoker Snacks Soup Spring Recipes St. Patrick's Day
Uncategorized Vegetarian Dishes

PRIVACY POLICY  ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT  © Sara Welch and Dinner at the Zoo®
LLC, 2015-2022.

MENU & SEARCH

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * Twitter

  * About Me
  * Contact Me
  * All Recipes
  * Dinner
  * Appetizers
  * Dessert
  * One Pot Meals
  * Slow Cooker
  * Asian Food

