https://soufflebombay.com/seafood-soup-recipe/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * About Me
  * Recipe Index
  * Work With Me
  * Press & PR
  * ## Nav Social Menu

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    *     * Twitter

  * search...

menu icon

search icon

search...

  * Home
  * About Me
  * Recipe Index
  * Work With Me
  * Privacy Policy

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  *   * Twitter

×

# Seafood Soup Recipe

Mar 24, 2021 * 23 Comments

2742 shares

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Pinterest2742
  * Email

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

**Who else LOVES a soup a GOOD soup?? Whether it 's homemade or one from a
restaurant. If you enjoy seafood, then this Seafood Soup recipe is a must-try!
And bonus, it only takes about 20 minutes to make.**

Seriously, this soup is sophisticated yet it is very easy to make. Great
flavor is built quickly. Choose to make it as spicy or as tame as you enjoy. I
like to use Haddock or Halibut for the fish, as well as shrimp for this. I
have also made it with shrimp and jumbo lump crabmeat as well and that is both
scrumptious and special.

## Loaded with fish and shrimp (you can customize it your way) this easy to
make soup recipe is restaurant quality.

This recipe works for any time of the year in my opinion. It can be served as
a starter or as the meal. You can also easily customize it to your tastes or
food restrictions. If you are allergic to shellfish, just make it with fish,
it will still be amazing and satisfying.

**Seafood Soup VS Seafood Stew**

The main difference ( _I think anyway_ ) between a stew and a soup is the
amount of liquid. Soups of course, are either just about all liquid or a large
part liquid with chunks of vegetables and or proteins added in.

A stew is typically a small amount of liquid with chunks of beef, chicken,
seafood etc. I LOVE the broth in this soup it is the star. You can totally
either cut the broth down or add twice as much fish and shrimp if you want
more of a stew eating experience. You can then choose to eat it over rice if
you do that.

**Either way, it really is an amazing dish.**

This Seafood Soup  recipe is perfect for a special occasion or dinner party as
a first course, however it is robust enough to stand as the meal. Add a simple
Arugula & Parmesan Salad and hunks of crusty bread and you are golden!

## Ingredients

  * Firm white fish like halibut, haddock, sea bass, etc. and shrimp
  * Grapeseed or olive oil, onions, carrots, jalapenos, garlic and if you want more heat maybe a spicier pepper like a Bird's Eye or Habanero (start with just a small amount, just in case)
  * Smokey paprika, cumin, red pepper flakes, salt and pepper
  * Tomato paste, Chopped tomatoes, coconut milk, seafood stock and lime juice
  * Cilantro (if you don't like it  you can omit it or sub in parsley)

**Shrimp is pretty much my favorite food, if you enjoy seafood as well you may
want to try:**

## Variations

  * Add in cleaned mussels after adding in stock but before adding in tomatoes and the rest of the ingredients (only eat those that open)
  * Swap up the fish used. Delicate white fishes are best.
  * Add scallops.
  * Double broth ingredients if adding in extra seafood
  * Add more vegetables
  * Increase spiciness

## What to serve this with

  * Warm crusty bread for dipping
  * Simple salad
  * Enjoy a small bowl as an appetizer
  * Serve over rice

## Storage

Best enjoyed the day you make it as reheating shellfish or fish may overcook
it.

## Other recipes you may enjoy

  * **MyCajun Shrimp & Andouille Skillet** (or pot), it is something I like to make a big batch of when we have people over as well as bring to gatherings. It is always a hit, the sauce mingling with the shrimp and sausage is soooo yummy!
  * I swear my Halibut in Thai Curry Sauce is SO simple to make and tastes like it came from a restaurant kitchen (AND it won me a trip in an in-person cooking competition). 
  *  **For all sorts of shrimp recipes I enjoy making , click here.**
  * If you are looking for additional inspiration, the BBC Good Food site has a great list of ideas, even a seafood Shepard's Pie. Who knew! 

**  I hope you make this scrumptious soup and love it as much as I do. My mom
was crazy for it as well.**

Enjoy!

Print Recipe

2 from 1 vote

## Seafood Soup Recipe

This easy to make Seafood Soup Recipe is satisfying enough to be a meal and
the taste is restaurant quality. Chock full of fish and shrimp it can easily
wow your friends and family.

Prep Time5 mins

Cook Time15 mins

Course: Appetizer, Entree, Seafood, Soup

Cuisine: American

Keyword: fish soup, seafood soup, shrimp soup

Servings: 4 servings

Calories: 401kcal

Author: Colleen Kennedy

### Ingredients

  * 1 1/2 pounds firm white fish like Halibut, Haddock, Sea Bass, Cod etc
  * 1 pound Large shrimp, I like 21-25 count (peeled & deveined)
  * 1 1/2  TBS fresh lemon or lime juice
  * 1  TBS  grapeseed or olive oil
  * 1 jalapeno, minced
  * 1 heaping cup of Vidalia onion, minced
  * 3/4 cup diced carrot
  * 6 cloves garlic, chopped (or 3-4 TBS garlic paste or a combination)
  * 1/2 TBS  smoky paprika
  * 1/2 teaspoon red (cayenne) pepper (Optional) See notes
  * 1/4  cup  tomato paste
  * 48 oz seafood stock (or vegetable stock)
  * 1  14.5 oz can  tomatoes (fire roasted if you see them)
  * 1 14 oz can  coconut milk  I like Thai Kitchen
  * Salt and black pepper to taste
  * More red (cayenne) pepper if you like after you taste it. 
  * Snipped parsley for garnish

### Instructions

  * Pat your fish and shrimp dry. Cut you fish up into a chunks about 2 inches long and thick, then place in a bowl and toss with the lemon/lime juice. Set aside.

  * Heat a soup pot, add the oil and sauté the jalapenos, onions and carrots for 3-4 minutes. Season with a little salt and pepper while you stir. Add in garlic and sauté for 30 seconds.

  * Add in paprika, red pepper and tomato paste, stir it together and then add in your stock. Allow it to reach a simmer and then continue to simmer for a few minutes.

  * Add in your tomatoes (and their juice) and the coconut milk.

  * As soon as this comes to a simmer again, taste and adjust seasoning as you wish (more salt, pepper, red pepper

  * Add the shrimp and stir then gently add in the fish. Stirring gently until done (about 4-5 minutes. 

  * Spoon into bowls and garnish with parsley and/or a lemon or lime slice.

### Notes

Personalize this soup with spices you enjoy, such as coriander or cumin or
fresh oregano or thyme. I like adding in fresh thyme or lemon thyme.

Make this delicious seafood soup as spicy or as mild as you wish. delicious
either way.

Dipping good crusty bread into the soup is a simple joy of life!

### Nutrition

Serving: 4servings | Calories: 401kcal | Carbohydrates: 12g | Protein: 63g |
Fat: 10g | Saturated Fat: 2g | Cholesterol: 369mg | Sodium: 2232mg |
Potassium: 1465mg | Fiber: 2g | Sugar: 5g | Vitamin A: 4931IU | Vitamin C:
19mg | Calcium: 310mg | Iron: 4mg

2742 shares

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Pinterest2742
  * Email

appetizers, Comfort Food, Entrees, Gluten Free, Seafood, soup

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Bill Holloway says

April 26, 2021 at 11:27 am

Can this recipe be made ahead of time?

Reply

    * Colleen says

April 29, 2021 at 5:36 pm

Yes you can make it ahead or make the base ahead and toss the seafood in as
you reheat it to ensure the seafood is not overcooked.

Reply

  2. Butch Leone says

May 8, 2021 at 9:31 pm

I would imagine you add your fish at the bring to a simmer stage.

Reply

    * Colleen says

May 10, 2021 at 11:37 am

I add the fish at the end and yes, just bring to a simmer until the fish (and
shrimp) is cooked through.

Reply

  3. TD says

July 9, 2021 at 12:04 pm

Uhhh, the last we here about the fish is "set aside" and we never hear about
the shrimp in the instructions.

Reply

    * Colleen says

July 12, 2021 at 8:10 pm

Adjusted! Somehow the last part was deleted. Thanks!

Reply

  4. daniel edgar says

July 11, 2021 at 6:06 pm

What do you do with the fish in the bowl & the shrimp ?

Reply

    * Colleen says

July 12, 2021 at 8:07 pm

Somehow my last step in the instructions was deleted or lost, just fixed it!

Reply

  5. Luis says

July 13, 2021 at 4:05 pm

I’m not seeing where we would add the garlic, but would we add it with the
other veggies and sauté?

Reply

    * Colleen says

July 13, 2021 at 8:10 pm

Adjusted, thank you!

Reply

  6. Maggie says

November 8, 2021 at 6:27 am

May regular milk be used instead of coconut milk?

Reply

    * Colleen says

November 12, 2021 at 12:58 pm

The coconut milk gives it a delicious depth of flavor (I am a huge traditional
milk fan, however for this coconut milk is what you need).

Reply

  7. Carol says

December 31, 2021 at 8:14 pm

Love this soup! Just made it for New Years Eve. I uzed (already) cooked shrimp
(added at the end), sea bass, and halibut. Whatever you do, DON'T omit the
smoked paprika….the perfect seasoning with this!

Reply

    * Colleen says

January 2, 2022 at 11:16 am

Wonderful! Happy New Year!

Reply

  8. Josh says

January 9, 2022 at 8:46 pm

An you add a andouille sausage or a sausage of some type? Don’t know how that
would work with the coconut milk.

Reply

    * Colleen says

January 19, 2022 at 7:50 pm

I have not. I feel it may make it greasy, but you never know.

Reply

  9. Fran says

February 25, 2022 at 11:39 am

Could I add diced potatoes for a more Harry soup?

Reply

    * Colleen says

March 10, 2022 at 12:32 pm

Hi Fran and sure! I would just pre cook then a bit after dicing in some plain
stock before adding since this recipe is quick and the potatoes will be raw
still.

Reply

  10. Fran says

February 25, 2022 at 11:40 am

Hearty soup 🤪🤪

Reply

  11. Jen says

March 23, 2022 at 6:04 pm

Can I freeze this soup?

Reply

    * Colleen says

March 24, 2022 at 10:40 am

Hi Jen, I have no experience freezing soup. If you can typically freeze soups,
I would think this is fine for up to 3-4 months. If you can vacuum seal even
better, the less air the less opportunity for ice crystals to form and dilute
the soup. I do know that you can freeze coconut milk in its own form…it may
separate (as it often does in the can) but can easily be re-blended. Since its
combined with the other ingredients I think it would be fine. If you do
freeze, let me know how it goes.

Reply

  12. Jennifer says

June 11, 2022 at 8:34 pm

  
Paprika wayyyyy over powering. Lacks alot of flavor. I even added tons of my
own seasoning and it didn't hit the mark. Not for me.

Reply

    * Colleen says

June 13, 2022 at 2:00 pm

Sorry to hear that! First negative review on this soup 🙁

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

**Welcome!** It doesn't take much effort to whip up delicious food & drinks
that leave an impression. ANYONE can cook, they just have to want to!

More about me →

### Available on Amazon

### Popular

  * Easy Apple Fritters
  * Prize Winning Key Lime Pie Recipe
  * The BEST (and Easiest) Salsa Recipe
  * Spicy Bloody Mary
  * Bacon Cheese Jalapeno Quick Bread
  * Brownie Cookies Recipe

  
Search

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * Privacy Policy

### Follow Us

  *   *   *   *   * 

### Contact

  * Work With Me

Copyright © 2021 **Souffle Bombay**

