https://www.askchefdennis.com/how-to-make-restaurant-style-seafood-soup/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Recipe Index
  * My Recipes
  * On the Road
  * About
    * Contact
    * Privacy Policy
    * Disclosure Policy
    * Cookie Policy
  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Recipe Index
  * Recent Recipes
  * Holiday Recipes
  * About
  * Contact

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

×

Ask Chef Dennis » Recipes » Starters » Soup Recipes » How to make Restaurant-
Style Seafood Soup

# How to make Restaurant-Style Seafood Soup

Published: Apr 5, 2020 · Modified: Mar 1, 2022 by Chef Dennis Littley · 45
Comments·This post includes affiliate links. As an Amazon Associate I earn
from qualifying purchases.

8.6K shares

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin
  * Yummly

4.92 from 61 votes

Jump to Recipe Jump to Video Print Recipe

Have you ever made a seafood soup? If you haven't now is the perfect time to
give it a try. I always like to remind people that recipes are guidelines, if
you don't have everything on hand or you don't like an ingredient, replace
them.

It's really that easy and if you enjoy eating what you've created in your
kitchen you're going to enjoy spending more time cooking.

We love seafood at our house and sometimes we end up with odds and ends from
our meals. Some are cooked and some are raw. The best way to make use of these
leftovers and unused portions is to make seafood soup or stew out of them.

_At one time soups were always made from leftovers. It 's the easiest way to
use up the ingredients that have been hanging out a little too long in your
fridge, freezer and pantry, instead of throwing them out as too many people
do. _

You work hard for your money so make use of all the food you buy and create
delicious dishes that your family will love!

If you enjoyed this soup, you'll also love my San Francisco Cioppino Recipe.

## What do I need to make seafood soup?

Let's gather the ingredients to make our seafood soup recipe. In Chef Speak
this is called the Mise en Place which translates into everything in its
place.

You'll see in my bowl of seafood the different ingredients that I had on hand.
If you don't have any seafood leftovers to start with, use new ingredients you
enjoy the most or happen to be on sale at your local grocer.

_As I do with meats I save all the scraps of trim that look too good to throw
out and save them in the freezer till needed. This goes for leftovers of
cooked seafood from dinner at home or the doggy bags we bring home from a
night out.  _

**Don 't throw out those expensive leftovers, freeze them to make soup.**

## *Chef Dennis Tip

_Save shrimp shells and scraps of fish you can 't eat to make a seafood stock
out of_ for your favorite fish soup, or chowder.

## What kind of fish can I use in seafood soup?

Any type of fish that you enjoy eating will work in soup. Cut the fish into
small pieces if they're not a flaky fish. Fish like cod will pretty much just
break up into flakes as the soup cook so you don't have to worry about making
it too small. Otherwise think in terms of bite-size pieces.

## Do I have to use shellfish in seafood soup?

No, you don't. If you're allergic to shellfish or simply don't like certain
shellfish, leave them out. Use ingredients you enjoy eating.

Let's get started making our seafood soup. In a large pot over medium-high
heat add the olive oil, celery, onions and carrots. Saute for 3-4 minutes then
add the rest of the vegetables except for the tomatoes. Continue to cook the
veggies over medium heat for 5 - 10 minutes.

_I use my favorite6 qt. Copper Core 5-ply All-Clad pot for this soup. It's
classified as a roaster and is a great pan for use in your kitchen!_ It's the
perfect soup pot and so much more.

## Should I cook the vegetables before adding the water to the soup?

Letting the vegetables cook before adding water to the pot goes a long way in
improving the flavor of the soup. as the vegetables cook, the water steams off
and the vegetable's natural sugars start to break down.

This process improves the vegetable's natural flavor of the vegetables while
adding a distinct nuttiness to the flavor profile. If you can let the veggies
cook over low for 15-20 minutes it will improve the overall flavor of the
soup.

_This cannot be accomplished by boiling the vegetables. And that is why it 's
important to let the veggies cook before adding the water._

After the vegetables have been cooked, add the stock, tomatoes and seasonings
to the pot. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and let the soup simmer for
30 minutes.

## *Chef Dennis Tip

_I have found that using chicken stock instead of fish stock gives seafood
soups a more palatable flavor. Seafood stocks tend to have a softer taste and
a more pronounced seafood flavor.Chicken stock adds a sharper flavor while
balancing the overall seafood taste, making it milder allowing the seafood to
stand out more than just blend in._

Add the seafood to the soup pot and continue to simmer for 30 minutes to an
hour. Season to taste with sea salt and black pepper.

## Can I add white wine to my seafood soup?

You sure can. Adding a little of your favorite white wine will help enrich the
flavor. If you'd like to change up the seasonings to a Thai flavor, think
about using coconut milk, lemongrass, and your favorite Thai spices instead of
old bay and thyme.

Garnish soup with chopped parsley and serve with your favorite crusty bread.

## Recipe FAQ's

**What are the types of Seafood Soups?**

Seafood soups can be broth-based like my seafood soup and sometimes contain
tomatoes.  
Chowders are traditionally made with milk or cream, butter, potatoes, salt
pork (bacon), onions, celery and sometimes carrots.  
Seafood Stews are chunky soups with less liquid that can be cream-based or
broth-based.

**What are the benefits of Seafood Soup?**

Besides being a delicious and good use of leftover seafood, fish contain many
essential nutrients, such as omega-3 fatty acids and high-quality proteins.

**Does Fish Bone Broth have Collagen?**

Fish Bone Broth is the king of bone broths. It's rich in iodine, and collagen
which supports good gut health.

## More Soup Recipes You'll Love!

  * Homemade Manhattan Clam Chowder Recipe

  * Restaurant-Style New England Clam Chowder

  * Easy and Delicious Lobster Chowder Recipe

  * Spanish Seafood Stew Recipe

Did you make this? Please RATE THE RECIPE below!

Please SUBSCRIBE and FOLLOW ME on FACEBOOK, TWITTER, INSTAGRAM and PINTEREST!

Print Recipe Save Saved!

4.92 from 61 votes

## Seafood Soup Recipe

Making restaurant-style seafood soup is easier than you think. Learn how to
use your favorite seafood to create a soup your family will love. Making soup
is all about using what you have on hand. Read my post to see how to create
delicious soups in your home tonight.

Prep Time15 mins

Cook Time1 hr 40 mins

Course: Soup

Cuisine: American

Servings: 8

Calories: 303kcal

Author: Chef Dennis Littley

### Ingredients

  * 2  pounds fish assorted
  * 1 cup celery diced
  * 1 cup onions diced
  * 1 cup carrots diced
  * 2 cup  potatoes diced
  * 1  cup  zucchini  diced
  * 1 cup corn kernels
  * 2  cups plum tomatoes or crushed tomatoes
  * 2 quarts chicken stock
  * 1 tbsp old bay
  * 1 tsp sea salt
  * ½ tsp black pepper
  * 1 tbsp fresh thyme fine chop 

US Customary - Metric

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Instructions

  * In a large pot over medium-high heat add the olive oil, celery, onions and carrots. Saute for 3-4 minutes then add the rest of the vegetables except for the tomatoes. Continue to cook the veggies over medium heat for 5 - 10 minutes. Reduce the heat to low and let the veggies cook for 10-15 more.

  * After the vegetables have cooked, add the stock, tomatoes and seasonings to the pot. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to low and let the soup simmer for 30 minutes.

  * Add the seafood to the pot and continue to simmer for 30 minutes to an hour. Reseason to taste with sea salt and black pepper if needed.

  * Garnish soup with chopped parsley and serve with your favorite crusty bread.

### Video

### Nutrition

Calories: 303kcal | Carbohydrates: 21g | Protein: 32g | Fat: 11g | Saturated
Fat: 2g | Cholesterol: 64mg | Sodium: 726mg | Potassium: 1050mg | Fiber: 3g |
Sugar: 7g | Vitamin A: 3266IU | Vitamin C: 18mg | Calcium: 288mg | Iron: 8mg

Tried this Recipe? Pin it for Later!Mention @askChefDennis or tag
#askChefDennis!

## More Soup Recipes

  * Authentic Guinness Beef Stew Recipe

  * How to Make Restaurant Style Tomato Bisque

  * Visit Whidbey Island and Enjoy a Bowl of Penn Cove Seafood Stew

  * Italian Wedding Soup with Tortellini

## About Chef Dennis

Chef Dennis is a semi-retired Chef, writer/blogger, photographer, recipe
developer and creator of A Culinary Journey with Chef Dennis aka Ask Chef
Dennis®. Chef Dennis worked professionally in White Table Cloth Restaurants
for 40 years and has been developing easy to make, restaurant-style recipes
since 2009. The second phase of his reinvention from chef to blogger has
earned him a place at the Worlds Dinner Table. Join him on his Culinary
Journey enjoying his easy to make Restaurant Style recipes and travel
adventures. _For more details, check out hisAbout page._

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Graham Brown

June 09, 2022 at 3:12 pm

Hi, just made this, it turned out very good. Just 2 comments, it does not
explicitly say when to add the thyme and does not show in the ingredients. Me,
being stupid, thought I added the thyme as a garnish at the end.

Graham

Reply

    * Chef Dennis Littley

June 09, 2022 at 3:15 pm

Hi Graham

Sorry for the misunderstanding, the thyme isn't listed separately but it does
say to add all seasonings in the post and in the directions. Actually adding
it as a garnish isn't stupid at all. It can still be stirred in and add flavor
to the soup.

Reply

  2. Ginny Brant

December 04, 2021 at 2:16 pm

  
This was an easy wonderful recipe! Delicious! Didn't have zuchini so
substitued mixed vegetables for corn and zucchini - still wonderful!

Reply

    * PMG

June 09, 2022 at 5:29 am

What about if you want to make it a little spicy ? What is recommend to be
used ?

Reply

      * Chef Dennis Littley

June 09, 2022 at 6:51 am

you can add crushed red pepper flakes as part of the seasoning to kick it up a
little. You can of course add what ever type of hot sauce when you serve it,
but if you want to make it spicier overall, I would go with the red pepper
flakes.

  3. Jerry

November 26, 2021 at 9:18 pm

  
Tried it tonight, amazing. I put the shrimp last so they don't get rubbery. I
also put a squirt of fresh lemon juice just before serving. Will definitely
make this again.

Reply

  4. Mike

October 17, 2021 at 2:28 pm

  
Was looking for a seafood soup recipe using chicken stock or broth. Tried this
yesterday using Cod and Halibut. LOVED IT!… It really does pay to cook the
vegetables longer like Chef Dennis says (will start doing this with other
recipes). Next time will add more vegetables (love my vegetables)! Thanks
Chef, this was GREAT!

Reply

  5. Judy Fryover

March 05, 2021 at 2:42 pm

  
This is the first time I have made seafood soup. The recipe was delicious & is
a keeper.

Reply

  6. Kelly

February 19, 2021 at 9:16 am

  
I made this on a "snowed in" day. It was absolutely delicious. My husband and
I love all fish and seafood but this was my first attempt at Seafood Soup.
When my husband got up he said good morning is there any soup left? Will
definitely make again. Thanks for great recipe

Reply

    * Chef Dennis Littley

February 19, 2021 at 9:19 am

I'm happy to hear you and your husband enjoyed the soup Kelly! It's a staple
in our home, using whatever seafood I happen to have on hand.  
Thanks for the comment and great review!

Reply

  7. Sheryl Baker

January 11, 2021 at 8:37 pm

Hi,  
I am looking for a recipe that will work well with all these ingredients if
possible.  
I live in the greater Seattle area and fresh seafood is abundant and my
freezer is packed.  
I want a soup type if possible to incorporate Scallops, razor clams, mussels,
prawns, lobster, squid and dungeness crab. If you can steer me to a recipe
that will cover these yummy items, my freezer will thank you.

Sincerely overstocked,  
Sheryl

Reply

    * Chef Dennis Littley

January 11, 2021 at 8:47 pm

you can use all the ingredients you have to make this soup. It works well with
all seafood

Reply

  8. Erin

December 06, 2020 at 5:40 pm

  
Great recipe! We tried it with frozen scallops and loved it. Thanks!

Reply

  9. John Quinn

October 31, 2020 at 6:34 pm

Chef Dennis can I use fully cooked and frozen shrimp if I just warm them up in
hot water for a minute and then pour the soup over them? Also will Anise work
well as a vegetable?

Reply

    * Chef Dennis Littley

October 31, 2020 at 7:09 pm

you sure can John, just thaw them and pour the hot soup over the shrimp. As
for anise, thats a hard question, it might be too strong for the dish but if
you like the flavor of anise you could try it and see. I might be more tempted
to saute some Fennel with the vegetables to add a little bit of the anise
flavor, if you like it you can always add more the next time you make it

Reply

  10. Stephanie

July 10, 2020 at 11:02 am

What can I replace the tomatoes with in this soup?

Reply

    * Chef Dennis Littley

July 10, 2020 at 11:16 am

If you're not fond of tomatoes you can just leave them out. You could replace
them with pureed white beans if you like, but the soup will be fine without
the tomatoes. If its too thick you can add a little water or more chicken
stock.

Reply

      * John Ashauer

December 09, 2021 at 7:40 am

My wife is allergic to chicken. Does seafood stock work?

Thanks,  
John

      * Chef Dennis Littley

December 09, 2021 at 8:20 am

seafood stock or vegetable stock will work nicely.

  11. Donna thomson

April 25, 2020 at 3:37 pm

Recipe looks good dying to try it. Can artificial crab be used in this soup as
well as shrimp.  
Was not sure if the artificial crab would be rubbery.

Please let me know.

Thank you  
Donna

Reply

    * Chef Dennis Littley

April 25, 2020 at 3:48 pm

sure, just don't add it into the soup until your ready to serve. Give it a
quick heat in the soup and it will be fine. You can do that for the shrimp as
well. In a restaurant, we would make the soup base with everything but the
expensive seafood. place those ingredients (including precooked shrimp) in the
serving bowl to get to close to room temp and then ladle the very hot soup on
top. Garnish and serve!

Reply

  12. Jacque Hastert

April 13, 2020 at 3:24 pm

  
I love all things seafood and soup is perfect for this week. I will have to
order the ingredients and make this tomorrow.

Reply

  13. Kacey Perez

April 13, 2020 at 7:26 am

  
This recipe was easy to make and incredibly flavorful! Definitely a good
change from using chicken in the soups I usually make for the family!

Reply

    * Chef Dennis Littley

April 13, 2020 at 8:10 am

I'm happy to hear you enjoyed the recipe Kacey. Thanks for the great review
and comment!

Reply

  14. Jo

April 13, 2020 at 6:14 am

  
Have to tell this soup is absolutely delicious telling! The flavors are so
amazing. I wish I had all the ingredients to try it right away. saving it to
give it a try later when things settle down.

Reply

« Older Comments

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

  
I'm Chef Dennis and Welcome to my Culinary Journey where I share my
Restaurant-Style Recipes & Travel Adventures. My goal in sharing my recipes
and cooking tips is to make you feel more comfortable in your kitchen, and
help you find the joy of cooking!

More about me →

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

### Fan Favorites

  * Easy Chicken Parm Recipe

  * Ultimate Grilled Chicken Sandwich

  * How to Make Restaurant Style Oysters Rockefeller

  * German Bee Sting Cake (Bienenstich) Recipe

  * How to make Restaurant-Style Seafood Soup

  * Restaurant Style Veal Parm Recipe

  * Best Restaurant Style Chicken Salad

  * Cannoli Cream Filling Cake

## Featured In

### Popular Posts

  * Authentic Guinness Beef Stew Recipe

  * Maryland Style Jumbo Lump Crab Imperial

  * German Bee Sting Cake (Bienenstich) Recipe

  * How to Make Restaurant Style Oysters Rockefeller

  * How to Grill a Steak House Style Ribeye Steak

  * Oven Roasted Rack of Pork - Restaurant Style Dinner

### Most Popular Posts

## Footer

↑ back to top

### INFO

  * Privacy Policy
  * Disclosure Policy
  * Cookie Policy
  * Accessibility Policy

### SUBSCRIBE

**Sign Up Today** and start getting my easy-to-make restaurant-style recipes!

### CONTACT

  * About
  * Contact 

(C) 2009-2022 · Ask Chef Dennis · Privacy Policy ·  Accessibility Statement  
  
Proud Member of:  
Mediavine Publisher Network

8.6K shares

  * 724
  *   * 7.9K
  *   *   * 

