https://40aprons.com/seafood-soup/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * About
  * Food Blogger Resources
  * Contact Me

My Account

Member Dashboard

40 Aprons Premium (Ad Free!)

40 Aprons

Healthy, Easy Recipes Your Family Will Love

  * All Recipes
  * Course
    * Appetizers
    * Basics
    * Breakfast
    * Condiments
    * Dessert
    * Main Course
    * Meal Prep
    * Side Dishes
    * Soups
  * Method
    * Air Fryer
    * Baking
    * Crockpot
    * Grilling
    * Instant Pot
    * Sous Vide
  * Dietary Needs
    * Dairy Free
    * Gluten Free
    * Keto
    * Low Carb
    * Paleo
    * Vegan
    * Vegetarian
    * Whole30
  * Cuisine
    * American
    * Asian
    * Indian
    * Italian
    * Mediterranean
    * Mexican & Latin
    * Southern

Search...

Display Search Bar

Home Blog Course Main Course

# Seafood Soup

Sam Guarnieri **Posted:** 09/14/21 **Updated:** 12/13/21

4.60

/5 6 Comments

Jump to Recipe

DF Dairy Free GF Gluten Free LC Low Carb P Paleo 30 Whole30

This post may contain affiliate links. Please read our disclosure policy.

_This bright and creamy seafood soup comes together in just a few easy steps!
It 's a light, yet hearty stew full of flaky fish and tender shrimp. Throw
together this simple meal when you're craving something cozy, fresh, and
satisfying!_

## What Makes This Recipe _So_ Good

  * **It comes together in just a few very easy steps!** Start by sautÃ©ing the veggies before adding in the spices. Then, stir together the broth before tossing in your seafood - that's it!
  * It all gets cooked up in just one pot! **This simple seafood soup isn 't only quick to make, but quick to cleanup. **With only one pot, you'll have a complete and delicious meal.
  *  **It 's incredibly warming and comforting, without being too heavy. **Most creamy soups can sometimes feel heavy and weigh you down after eating. However, this soup is kept bright and light with a touch of tomato sauce and a can of coconut milk!

## Key Ingredients

**Coconut Milk** - The coconut milk takes this soup to the next level! Though
optional, I highly recommend pouring a can of full-fat coconut milk into your
soup. And don't worry, it won't make your soup taste like coconut. Instead,
it'll give it an irresistably creamy, velvety taste and texture. If you don't
have coconut milk, you can use one cup of milk or heavy cream instead.

**Firm White Fish** - I used cod in my seafood soup, though any firm white
fish will work! Halibut, haddock, or mahi mahi would all taste great in this
recipe. To prepare the fish, start by patting it dry with a paper towel before
cutting it into even-sized chunks. I recommend about 2-inch pieces, since
they'll flake apart when cooked.

## Chef's Tips

  * **Leave the soup to simmer before tasting and adjusting any seasoning as desired.** The reason for this is because the flavor needs a full 30 minutes to develop. Once that time is up, you'll have a better idea of how your meal will taste and can then add any seasoning you'd like.
  * Feel free to use any seafood you'd like in this soup! White fish and shrimp are my personal favorite, though really any seafood would work. **Salmon, calamari, or even mussels would make delicious additions to this recipe!**
  * Serve this soup however you'd like. **I enjoy mine with a sprinkling of fresh chopped parsley and a thick slice of crusty bread.** Though for a low-carb meal, enjoy this satisfying soup completely on its own!

## More Easy Soup Recipes You'll Love

  * Mexican Soup
  * Leftover Turkey Tortilla Soup
  * Tom Yum Soup
  * Creamy Zucchini Soup
  * Creamy Irish Potato Soup
  * Slow Cooker Tom Kha Soup (Thai Coconut Chicken Soup)
  * Healthy Zuppa Toscana (Whole30, Paleo, Dairy Free)
  * Instant Pot Lentil Soup
  * The Best Lobster Bisque (Ruthâ€™s Chris Copycat Recipe)

**Hey â€“ youâ€™ve made it this far, so now weâ€™re basically best friends! If you
make this recipe, Iâ€™d love for you to give it a quick review & star rating â˜…
below. Make sure you follow me on Instagram, Pinterest, TikTok, and Facebook,
too!**

4.60 from 5 votes

## Seafood Soup

Prep:5 minutes

Cook:45 minutes

Total:50 minutes

This bright and creamy seafood soup comes together in just a few easy steps!
It's a light, yet hearty stew full of flaky fish and tender shrimp. Throw
together this simple meal when you're craving something cozy, fresh, and
satisfying!

  * Pin

Print Save Saved! Go Premium - Ad Free + Meal Plans!

6

### Ingredients

  * â–¢ 1 tablespoon olive oil
  * â–¢ 1 cup celery diced
  * â–¢ 1 cup carrots diced
  * â–¢ 1 cup onion diced
  * â–¢ 6 garlic cloves minced
  * â–¢ 2 teaspoons smoked paprika
  * â–¢ salt to taste
  * â–¢ 1 pinch cayenne pepper
  * â–¢ 2 quarts seafood or vegetable stock
  * â–¢ 1 15-ounce can tomato sauce
  * â–¢ 1 14-ounce can full-fat coconut milk optional but recommended, see Notes
  * â–¢ 1 Â½ pounds firm white fish see Notes
  * â–¢ 1 pound shrimp peeled and deveined

### Equipment

  * Large pot

### Instructions

  * Heat olive oil in a large pot over medium heat then add in the celery, onion, and carrots. Cook until soft, about 4-5 minutes.

  * Add in the garlic and cook for 1 minute before stirring in the smoked paprika, salt, and cayenne pepper.

  * Pour in the vegetable stock, tomato sauce, and coconut milk, then bring to a boil before reducing to a simmer for 30 minutes.

  * Add in the fish, cover pot with lid, and cook for about 8 minutes. Add shrimp, cover again, and cook 2 minutes or until shrimp and fish are cooked through. Serve immediately.

### Notes

  * **Coconut Milk:** Feel free to use regular milk or heavy cream in place of the coconut milk in this recipe.
  * **Firm White Fish:** Cod, halibut, and haddock are all example of firm white fish that would work great in this recipe.

_Recipe yields approximately 6 servings. Actual number of servings will depend
on your preferred portion sizes._

_Nutritional values shown are general guidelines and reflect information for 1
serving using seafood stock and cod. Actual macros may vary slightly depending
on specific brands and types of ingredients used._

_To determine the weight of one serving, prepare the recipe as instructed.
Weigh the finished recipe, then divide the weight of the finished recipe (not
including the weight of the container the food is in) by 6. Result will be the
weight of one serving._

### Nutrition Information

Serving: 1serving, Calories: 342kcal, Carbohydrates: 13g, Protein: 31g, Fat:
19g, Saturated Fat: 13g, Polyunsaturated Fat: 2g, Monounsaturated Fat: 3g,
Trans Fat: 1g, Cholesterol: 138mg, Sodium: 1524mg, Potassium: 1186mg, Fiber:
3g, Sugar: 6g, Vitamin A: 4310IU, Vitamin C: 11mg, Calcium: 197mg, Iron: 4mg,
Net Carbs: 10g

_Number of total servings shown is approximate. Actual number of servings w_
_ill depend on your preferred portion sizes._



_Nutritional values shown are general guidelines and reflect information for 1
serving using the ingredients listed, **not** including any optional
ingredients. Actual macros may vary slightly depending on specific brands and
types of ingredients used._



_To determine the weight of one serving, prepare the recipe as instructed.
Weigh the finished recipe, then divide the weight of the finished recipe (not
including the weight of the container the food is in) by the desired number of
servings. Result will be the weight of one serving._

Â© Author: Sam Guarnieri

##  Did you make this recipe?

Tag @40aprons on social and be sure to leave a review on the blog post!

Rate Recipe Tag Me on Instagram

#### Meet Sam Guarnieri

Sam is a travel, food, and fitness enthusiast from the New York metro area who
loves creating new and inventive recipes. Her love of food goes all the way
back to her early childhood, cooking alongside her mom and Nonna â€“ the two
best cooks she knows! She's a big believer that good-for-you food can still
explode with flavor and (most importantly) be easy to make. When she's not in
the kitchen, Sam can usually be found planning her next vacation, spending
time outdoors, or bingeing the latest Netflix docu-series.

Read more...

### You may also like...

  * Creamy Tomato Chicken Soup

  * Sweet Potato Soup

  * Whole30 Potato Soup

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Have a question? Submit your question or comment below.

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment: *

Name: *

Email: *

Î”

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

  1. Peggy Hoffman says

Posted on 3/31/22 at 3:57 pm

Hi! If I am using salmon, how long should I let it simmer?

Reply

    * Anna Claire | 40 Aprons Team says

Posted on 4/5/22 at 8:41 pm

Honestly, to your preference! Salmon is safe to consume raw, but you also
don't want to overcook it. You could simmer it for the same amount of time as
white fish (8 minutes), and check that it's still a little pink on the inside.
Maybe as long as 10 minutes. That's the desired doneness.

Reply

  2. Jennie says

Posted on 2/25/22 at 8:03 am

I did not love this soup and now I have a huge amount. The broth was good but
it seemed like it needed something. I added fish sauce and lime.

Reply

    * Anna Claire | 40 Aprons Team says

Posted on 2/28/22 at 10:26 pm

Sorry you didn't love it, Jennie, but thanks for sharing your honest feedback.

Reply

  3. Babette Myers says

Posted on 1/19/22 at 11:50 am

I made this recipe and it was delicious! I used the seafood stock instead of
vegetable stock. I did add the coconut milk as recommended. For the seafood I
used shrimp, cod, and imitation crab. Honestly, I did not like the texture of
the cooked cod, so I will probably omit that next time, but other than that it
was a hit!

Reply

    * Anna Claire | 40 Aprons Team says

Posted on 1/23/22 at 1:08 pm

So glad you enjoyed it despite the aversion to the fish! ðŸ™‚

Reply

## Primary Sidebar

### Reader Faves

###  Marry Me Chicken (Chicken in a Sun Dried Tomato Cream Sauce)

###  Whole30 Fish Taco Bowl with Mango Salsa and Chipotle Aioli (Paleo, Low
Carb)

###  Air Fryer Frozen French Fries

###  Chimichurri Flank Steak

### In Season

###  Shredded Chicken Tacos

###  Blackened Shrimp with Remoulade Sauce

###  Cheesy Ham and Potato Casserole

###  Easy 7 Layer Salad with Homemade Dressing

##

More Goodies + NO Ads!

##  Become a 40 Aprons Premium Member!

All the 40 Aprons content you love - now even better.

  * Member-Exclusive Recipes
  * Meal Plans & Grocery Lists
  * eBooks
  * NO ADS!

Join now

###  Privacy Policy

###  Accessibility

###  Disclaimers

###  Contact

(C) 2022 40 Aprons

Site Credits Designed by Melissa Rose Design Developed by Once Coupled

Back to Top

206 shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

