https://zestfulkitchen.com/seafood-soup-recipe/


Skip to content

Zestful Kitchen | A food blog with healthy recipes and cooking tips

  * Recipes
    * Breakfast
    * Appetizers & Snacks
    * Lunch & Dinner
    * Side Dishes
    * Dessert
    * Drinks & Cocktails
    * Salads
    * Pasta & Noodles
    * 30-Minute
    * By Method
    * By Recipe Type
    * By Cuisine
  * Cooking Tips
  * Menu Ideas
  * Shop
  * About
  * Subscribe
  *   * Search for

Search for

FacebookPinTweetEmail

Fish & Seafood

# Light & Delicious Seafood Soup

Author Lauren Grant

Date December 16, 2020

Total Time 40mins

Yield 6 servings

Jump to RecipePrint RecipeFavorite

A flavorful and aromatic broth lays the foundation for a delicious seafood
soup made with white fish, scallops, shrimp and mussels. For as elegant and
impressive as this soup is, it’s also very quick and easy to pull
together—making it great for the holidays, Sunday night dinners, or even last-
minute get-togethers. Serve with crusty bread or croutons for a crunchy
finish.

## Table of contents

  * Why We Love This Recipe
  * Ingredients
    * Vegetables 
    * Aromatics
    * Broth
    * Fish & Seafood 
  * How to Make Seafood Soup
  * How to store and how long does it last?
  * Reheating Seafood Soup 
  * Make it a Meal
  * Variations

## Why We Love This Recipe

If you love all kinds of seafood and fish, then this soup is for you! It's
light, flavorful and filling enough to be a meal all on it's own—especially if
you serve it with croutons or crusty bread. This fish stew is definitely a
year-round recipe, but I especially love to serve it during the holidays and
for Christmas Eve.

This soup is refined and elegant, but also incredibly quick to cook and easy
to prep. Plus, the veggies can be prepped up to 3 days ahead of time, which
will save you time once you get to cooking.

If you're looking for something creamy, check out our Salmon Chowder or Shrimp
Bisque.

## Watch: How to Make Seafood Soup

## Ingredients

### Vegetables

Fennel (both the bulb and the fronds), onion, leeks and celery are the veggie-
base for this soup. Be sure to clean the leeks _very_ well before cooking with
them.

### Aromatics

Garlic, red pepper flakes, thyme, oregano, bay leaves and parsley are the
flavor enhancers. We prefer to use fresh herbs, but we offer measurements for
dried herbs as well.

### Broth

Dry white wine (such as Sauvignon blanc or Pinto Grigio), clam juice, seafood
stock and lemon juice make up the flavorful broth. You can find clam juice
near the canned fish. Find seafood stock in the broth and stock section, or
next to the canned fish. Or be an overachiever and make your own using shrimp
shells.)

### Fish & Seafood

We're using a combination of firm white fish (such as cod, haddock, halibut,
red snapper, or sea bass), mussels or clams, scallops and shrimp. For the
shrimp, we recommend using medium (41/50 count) or medium-large (36/40 count).

If you're a clam-lover, be sure to check out our Clam Pasta!

## How to Make Seafood Soup

  1. Sauté veggies until softened. 
  2. Add aromatics and cook until fragrant.
  3. Deglaze with wine then stir in seafood stock, water and clam juice; bring a simmer.
  4. Add fish and seafood, reduce heat to medium-low, cover and let steam until cooked through, about 5 minutes. Keep in mind, if your stove runs hot, reduce the heat to low. You don't want the broth to be above a low simmer. I’d rather you add a few minutes on to the cook time than over-cook the fish and seafood. 

## How to store and how long does it last?

Seafood soup should be stored in an airtight container in the refrigerator for
up to 4 days. Seafood soup should not be frozen.

## Reheating Seafood Soup

Reheat seafood soup on the stove top over medium—bring to a low simmer then
remove from heat and serve. Avoid bringing to a boil as this will over-cook
the fish and seafood.

If you have quite a bit of the soup leftover, I recommend only reheating what
you’re going to eat. The more times you reheat the soup, the more over-cooked
the fish and seafood will become.

## Make it a Meal

Fill out the menu with any of these stellar side dish recipes.

  * We love a little potato action with this soup, and out **Crispy Fingerling Potatoes with Capers& Frico** are always a hit. 
  * Our **Simple Fennel Salad** pairs wonderfully with any kind of seafood, but especially this soup. Plus, it only requires 3 ingredients! 
  * Our **Easy Roasted Green Beans** are a no-brainer here! Easy and delicious. 
  * Whip up a batch of our **Milk Bread Rolls** a day in advance. The fluffy rolls are a great way to soak up the seafood broth. 
  * Keep this meal super light and healthy and serve the soup with our **Grain-Free Nut& Seed Bread**. 
  * We love to serve our **Creamy Cucumber salad** with this seafood soup. 

## Variations

  * Stir in cream or coconut milk at the end for a creamy fish soup.
  * Add a pinch of saffron with the other herbs, and feel free to finish the soup with a variety of fresh herbs.
  * Use salmon instead of, or in addition to, the firm white fish and other shellfish. Add the salmon to the soup prior to the other fish and seafood, cook for about 2 minutes before adding the rest of the fish/seafood. 
  * Add a can of diced tomatoes for a tomato-based broth.
  * Instead of croutons, serve over rice.
  * Add potatoes—cut red potatoes into a ½-inch dice. Add potatoes to the pot right before adding the broth; simmer in the broth until fork-tender.

## Light & Delicious Seafood Soup

Print Recipe Favorite

4.60 from 5 votes

Prep Time 10 mins

Cook Time 30 mins

Total Time 40 mins

Yield 6 servings

Category Main Dish

Cuisine American/Italian

Author Lauren Grant

### Description

Light and delicious, this brothy fish soup is surprisingly easy to pull
together. Make this for a cozy night in, fun dinner parties, or the holidays!
Depending on how many you're serving, this soup can easily be doubled or
halved.

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 1 leek, white and light green parts only
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons unsalted butter or extra-virgin olive oil  \+ more for serving
  * ▢ 1 fennel bulb, trimmed, halved and thinly sliced, fronds reserved
  * ▢ 1 small white onion, chopped (1 cup)
  * ▢ 2 large celery ribs, diced (¾ cup)
  * ▢ Kosher salt and black pepper
  * ▢ 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped
  * ▢ 2 teaspoons chopped fresh oregano, or 1 ½ teaspoons dried
  * ▢ 2 teaspoons chopped fresh thyme, or 1 ½ teaspoons dried
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes
  * ▢ 1 cup dry white wine, such as Sauvignon blanc
  * ▢ 4 cups low-sodium seafood stock or chicken broth
  * ▢ 8 ounces bottled clam juice
  * ▢ 2 dried bay leaves
  * ▢ 1 pound firm white fish,* cut into 1-inch chunks
  * ▢ 1 pound medium (41-50 count) raw shrimp,  peeled and deveined
  * ▢ 1 pound scallops, feet removed
  * ▢ 1 pound mussels or clams
  * ▢ ¼ cup chopped parsley
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice
  * ▢ Crusty bread or ciabatta croutons for serving *

### Instructions

  * Halve leek lengthwise and cut into ¼-inch-thick slices; transfer to a large bowl and cover with cold water. Shimmy leek slices around in water; let rest 10 minutes. Using a slotted spoon or spider (or hands) strain leeks from water, being careful not to kick up dirt at bottom of bowl.

  * Heat butter in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium heat. 

  * Add leek, fennel, onion, and celery; season with ½ teaspoon each salt and pepper and cook, stirring frequently, until softened, 8–10 minutes. 

  * Stir in garlic, oregano, thyme, and red pepper flakes and cook 1 minute.

  * Deglaze with wine, scraping up any browned bits. Stir in broth, 4 cups water, clam juice and bay leaves. Bring to a simmer and cook 10 minutes.

  * Season white fish with salt and pepper.

  * Stir in shrimp and mussels, then arrange fish and scallops on top of stew, cover, reduce heat to medium-low (if your stove runs hot, reduce the heat to low), and simmer until mussels open and fish, scallops and shrimp are firm and opaque, about 5 minutes.

  * Discard bay leaves and stir in parsley, 2 tablespoons chopped fennel fronds, and lemon juice; season with salt to taste (at least 1 teaspoon, I add 1 ½ teaspoons)

  * Off heat, stir in a tablespoon of butter or drizzle servings with olive oil ( _optional_ ). 

### Notes

 **Firm white fish:** cod, haddock, halibut, red snapper, or sea bass will all
work here.

**Potatoes:** if you'd like to add potatoes, I recommend using red new
potatoes cut into 1/2-inch pieces. Add them right before adding the broth.

**Scallops:** you can use whatever size you like I prefer 10/20 or 20/30 for
ease of serving and eating. If you would prefer bay scallops, you can use
those, though keep in mind they will cook faster. Add them 2 minutes after the
other seafood has been added.

**Butter or olive oil:** I like to cook the vegetables in butter and finish
the soup with olive oil. You can use either or both!

**To make ciabatta croutons:** heat oven to broil with rack set 6-inches from
heating element. Cut ciabatta into ½-inch cubes (I do about ¾ cup per person)
and toss with extra-virgin olive oil to coat; season with salt and pepper.
Broil, tossing occasionally, until golden brown, about 5 minutes.

### Nutrition

View Nutrition Info

Serving: 1/6 of the recipeCalories: 374kcalCarbohydrates: 15gProtein:
51.5gFat: 8gSaturated Fat: 3.5gCholesterol: 165mgSodium: 1602mgFiber: 2gSugar:
2g

Keywords fish soup, seafood soup, seafood stew

Did you make this recipe?Leave a comment below and tag @ZestfulKitchen on
Instagram and hashtag it #zestfulkitchen!

Pin This Recipe

Love this recipe and want to save it? Pin this recipe!

Pin This Recipe

Get Zestful (Almost) Daily

The latest zestful recipes, tips and insights to your inbox.

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

First Name *

Email Address *

Sign Up

Original Post Date December 16, 2020Updated Post Date May 11, 2022

### Share it with the world

FacebookPinTweetEmail

#### About The Author

Lauren Grant is a professional culinary food scientist, food writer, recipe
developer, and food photographer. Lauren is a previous magazine editor and
test kitchen developer and has had work published in major national
publications including Diabetic Living Magazine, Midwest Living Magazine,
Cuisine at Home Magazine, EatingWell.com, AmericasTestKitchen.com, and more.

Learn More

### Leave a comment Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

How many stars would you give this recipe? How many stars would you give this
recipe?  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

### Comments

  1. **Taylor** says:

March 5, 2021 at 7:03 pm

  
I made this recipe for my parents when they came to visit and it was such a
hit! It made my apartment smell so good! We all were soaking up our bowls with
bread. A new favorite for me (especially when I have guests).

Reply

  2. **Kelly** says:

July 27, 2021 at 12:41 pm

  
So delicious! Loved the flavors of this soup. I used clams, cod, shrimp, and
scallops. Can’t wait to make it again and try the variations!

Reply

  3. **Susie** says:

September 18, 2021 at 9:27 am

  
I have made this Seafood Soup a few times and thought I would take a minute to
tell you how much we LOVE it! I found the recipe last December and it has been
on repeat ever since. When we get a seafood craving we know exactly what we
are having. Thank you for this amazing recipe.

Reply

## Healthy-ish: where wholesome ingredients & kitchen curiosity intersect.

more about ZK

  *   *   *   * 

## Top Recipes

Desserts

### Blueberry–Lemon Curd Tart

Baking

### Healthy Blueberry Lemon Muffins

Breakfast

### Actually Healthy Bran Muffins

Lunch & Dinner

### Hungarian Mushroom Soup

## Seasonal Recipes

Salad Recipes

### Super-Green Green Goddess Salad

Salad Recipes

### Simple Radish Salad with Herbs

Easter

### Triple Pea Salad with Whipped Goat Cheese

Lunch & Dinner

### Greek Orzo Pasta Salad

## Related Recipes

Dinner Salads

### Simple Salmon Caesar Salad Recipe

Fish & Seafood

### How to Broil Salmon

Dinner Salads

### Simple Tuna Nicoise Salad with Dill Vinaigrette

Soups, Stews & Chilis

### Salmon Chowder with Leeks & Parsnips

Zestful Kitchen | A food blog with healthy recipes and cooking tips

  * Recipes
  * Cooking Tips
  * About
  * Press
  * Subscribe

  *   *   *   * 

(C) 2022 Zestful Kitchen.

  * Privacy Policy
  * Accessibility Policy

