https://www.myrecipes.com/recipe/creamy-garlic-seafood-soup


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

MyRecipes MyRecipes

  * Course
  * Baking
  * Global
  * Healthy
  * Favorite Ingredients
  * Holidays and Occasions
  * Quick and Easy
  * Convenience Recipes
  * BBQ and Grilling
  * How To
  * Extra Crispy
  * News

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Account

  * Register
  * Newsletters
  * Email Preferences
  * Logout

Login

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore MyRecipes

MyRecipes MyRecipes

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * 55+ Easy Dinner Recipes for Busy Weeknights

####  55+ Easy Dinner Recipes for Busy Weeknights

Everybody understands the stuggle of getting dinner on the table after a long
day. If you're looking for a simple recipe to simplify your weeknight, you've
come to the right place--easy dinners are our specialty. For an easy supper
that you can depend on, we picked out some of our tried-and-true favorites
that have gotten us through even the busiest of days. Whether you're cooking
for yourself or for a family, these easy dinners are sure to leave everyone
satisfied and stress-free.  Read More

    * The Brilliant Secret to Making Better Mashed Potatoes

####  The Brilliant Secret to Making Better Mashed Potatoes

Trust me, it's so worth it.  Read More

    * 65 Super Easy Finger Foods to Make for Any Party

####  65 Super Easy Finger Foods to Make for Any Party

From chips and dip to one-bite apps, finger foods are the perfect way to kick
off a party. No forks or spoons required, just easy-to-pick-up party foods, so
you can clean up in no time.  Read More

  * Course

### Course

See All Course

    * Best Appetizer Recipes...Ever
    * Best Drink Recipes for Any Occasion
    * Salad Recipes
    * The Ultimate Guide to Sensational Sides
    * Soup and Stew Recipes
    * Easy Entertaining for Everyone
    * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes
    * Main Dishes and Entrees
    * Dinner Recipes
    * Dessert Recipes

  * Baking

### Baking

See All Baking

    * Bread Recipes
    * Our Most-Loved Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Pie Recipes

  * Global

### Global

See All Global

    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes
    * Middle Eastern Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Malaysian Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * Chinese Recipes
    * African Recipes
    * American Recipes
    * Cajun and Creole Recipes
    * Caribbean Recipes
    * South American Recipes
    * Southern Recipes
    * German Recipes

  * Healthy

### Healthy

See All Healthy

    * Easy, Healthy Recipes
    * Healthy Breakfasts
    * Healthy Dinners
    * Healthy Desserts
    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Diet and Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Low Carbohydrate Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Favorite Ingredients

### Favorite Ingredients

See All Favorite Ingredients

    * The Ultimate Guide to Chicken
    * Vegetable Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Cheese Recipes
    * Chocolate Recipes
    * Pasta Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Holidays and Occasions

### Holidays and Occasions

See All Holidays and Occasions

    * A Foodie's Guide to Halloween Recipes
    * The Ultimate Thanksgiving Guide
    * Hanukkah Recipes
    * Your Ultimate Christmas Recipe Guide
    * Our Most Festive New Year's Recipes
    * Best-Ever Super Bowl Sunday Recipes
    * Best Valentine's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * The Ultimate Guide to Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Labor Day Recipes
    * The Ultimate Fourth of July Guide
    * Memorial Day Recipes
    * Touchdown-Worthy Tailgate Recipes
    * Wedding and Shower Recipes

  * Quick and Easy

### Quick and Easy

See All Quick and Easy

    * 15-Minute Recipes for Busy Home Cooks
    * 5 Ingredients or Less
    * Dinner Tonight
    * No-Cook Recipes
    * 45-Minute Recipes

  * Convenience Recipes

### Convenience Recipes

See All Convenience Recipes

    * Budget-Friendly Recipes
    * Our Top Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Our Favorite Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes

  * BBQ and Grilling

### BBQ and Grilling

See All BBQ and Grilling

    * Grilled Beef Recipes
    * Grilled Fish Recipes
    * Grilled Shrimp Recipes
    * Grilled Chicken Recipes
    * Grilled Pork Recipes
    * Grilled Vegetable Recipes

  * How To

### How To

See All How To

    * 7 Ways With...
    * Videos
    * Ingredients and Tools
    * Kitchen Cleaning

  * Extra Crispy
  * News

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Account

  * Register
  * Newsletters
  * Email Preferences
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Creamy Garlic-Seafood Soup

# Creamy Garlic-Seafood Soup

Rating: 4 stars

16 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 10 
  * 4 star values: 2 
  * 3 star values: 2 
  * 2 star values: 1 
  * 1 star values: 1 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 16 Ratings 
  * 13 Reviews 

If served as an entree, this is a special-occasion splurge, nutritionally. But
you can serve a smaller portion as an appetizer, guilt-free.

By Julianna Grimes

Recipe by Cooking Light January 2010

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Creamy Garlic-Seafood Soup

Credit: Romulo Yanes; Styling: Deborah Williams

## Recipe Summary

Yield:

6 servings

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * 8 ounces medium shrimp, shells and tails intact 
  * Cooking spray 
  * 2 cups chopped onion 
  * 12 garlic cloves, crushed 
  * 2 jalapeño peppers, halved 
  * ¼ cup dry white wine 
  * 6 cups water 
  * 1 tablespoon butter 
  * 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour 
  * ¾ cup heavy whipping cream 
  * 1 teaspoon salt, divided 
  * ⅛ teaspoon saffron threads, crushed 
  * 1 pound black snapper fillets, cut into bite-sized pieces 
  * 3 tablespoons small cilantro leaves 
  * 1 avocado, peeled, seeded, and chopped 
  * 6 lime wedges 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Peel and devein shrimp, reserving the shells.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Heat a Dutch oven over medium-high heat. Coat pan with cooking spray. Add
shrimp shells, onion, garlic, and peppers; saute 3 minutes, stirring
frequently. Add wine to pan; cook 3 minutes or until liquid almost evaporates,
stirring occasionally. Add 6 cups water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat, and
simmer 40 minutes or until liquid is reduced to 3 cups; strain over a bowl.
Discard solids. Wipe pan clean.

  * Step 3

Melt butter in pan over medium-high heat. Stir in flour; cook 1 minute,
stirring constantly. Gradually add 1 cup shrimp broth, stirring constantly
with a whisk. Stir in remaining 2 cups broth, cream, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and
saffron; bring to a boil. Cook 5 minutes or until slightly thick, stirring
occasionally. Sprinkle shrimp and fish evenly with remaining 1/2 teaspoon
salt; add to pan. Reduce heat, and simmer 3 minutes or until shrimp are pink
and fish flakes easily. Remove from heat. Ladle about 2/3 cup soup into each
of 6 bowls; top each serving with 1 1/2 teaspoons cilantro and about 1 1/2
tablespoons avocado. Serve with lime wedges.

  * Step 4

Wine note: The ever-popular Santa Margherita Pinot Grigio from Italy, 2008
($20), is a zesty, crisp white with notes of grapefruit and lime. With a kick
of heat in your bowl, you want refreshment in your glass. This wine delivers
with vibrant fruit and a clean finish. --Natalie MacLean

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

305 calories; fat 19.8g; saturated fat 9.2g; mono fat 7.2g; poly fat 1.8g;
protein 25g; carbohydrates 7.1g; fiber 2g; cholesterol 131mg; iron 1.6mg;
sodium 528mg; calcium 73mg.

Advertisement

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews (13)

Add Rating & Review

Sort by:  Newest

Newest Oldest

seaside725

Rating: 3 stars

08/30/2017

****Hubby liked this soup. I did not, I thought it lacked taste.

zarf46

Rating: 5 stars

11/08/2013

This was really good! I used coconut spray and the tails of the shrimp for the
soup base and the soup was really good. The only thing that was missing was
the avocado, which had been left on the counter at the grocery store. I will
certainly make sure it makes it for the next batch.

nopain nojane

Rating: 5 stars

01/16/2012

Someone must have missed on the stock. No way you could duplicate with fish
sauce. This soup is outstanding! Used 2 very large jalapenos-heat was pretty
intense according to 4 diners but could not stop eating, full batch gone.

AlitNib

Rating: 5 stars

01/25/2011

It was delicious. I love love love this recipe. A little confusing with the
shrimp shells but finally got the point. Looks beautiful and very elegant it
can be served as a full corse or just an appetizer in smaller porpotions. But
overall very filling and very tasteful.

tubafor

Rating: 2 stars

05/11/2010

The soup looked gorgeous in the bowl and had a wonderfully smooth texture. The
lack of flavor was disappointing after so much of my preparation went into the
broth. I could have achieved the same flavor and texture in only 10 minutes
with fish sauce, cream and asian chili sauce. I will not make this again.

AnnaRos

Rating: 3 stars

05/03/2010

I found this recipe to be slightly lacking in flavor. The texture was great.I
used 1# cod along with the shrimp, and made it as directed. I wonder if using
coconut milk in place of the cream would make it more flavorful... it had a
nice bit of heat from the jalapenos. Will try again with some tweaks.

Loutraki3

Rating: 5 stars

03/01/2010

This recipe is out of this world. I made it for my family. We halved it for 3
of us and it was perfect and unexpected boldness of flavor that takes you away
from the everyday flavors that tend to get boring. I'm anxious to try it
again.

roxonline

Rating: 4 stars

02/09/2010

This recipe was right on time as I'm stuck at home due to the blizzard here in
DC. I used cod and upped the amount of shrimp, simply delish! Learned
something new about shrimp stock. Will make this recipe again.

JoshyStevenson

Rating: 5 stars

02/03/2010

best

Jaylynn444

Rating: 4 stars

02/03/2010

After seeing the pic of this soup in your magazine, I had to try it! It was
very good, though it didn't thicken very well. In the future, I will try
adding a bit more flour & cream. Also, it wasn't garlic-y enough for us, so I
added a little more. I served with crusty bread and wine, and it was plenty
filling!

midwestcook

Rating: 5 stars

01/21/2010

I loved this soup! Making the seafood stock was a bit long but I enjoyed the
process! Note: the onions can be coursely chopped since they will be strained
out and discarded later - also, take the shells off the raw shrimp, set the
raw shrimp aside w/the other fish, and just cook the shrimp shells w/the
onion, jalapenos, etc. You will cook the raw shrimp and raw fish in the soup
later. The recipe wasn't clear on that part. I used codfish and it turned out
wonderfully!!! served w/sliced crusty bread it was delish - I only wish I had
doubled the recipe!!! Will definitely make again!!!

JIMMIC

Rating: 5 stars

01/17/2010

The broth was wonderfully creamy. We used American Saffron instead of the
threads, and red snapper instead of the black due to availability. This soup
had just the right amount of heat (spicy wise). We served it with Pinot Grigio
and some French bread. Yum!

mrswalmsley

Rating: 5 stars

01/11/2010

This soup is delicious! It was fairly simple to make and the broth was
outstanding. Serve with crusty bread.

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Creamy Garlic-Seafood Soup

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Creamy Garlic-Seafood Soup

##  All Reviews for Creamy Garlic-Seafood Soup

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

MyRecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithMyRecipes.com is part of the Allrecipes Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporation. MyRecipes is a registered trademark of Meredith
Corporation All Rights Reserved. MyRecipes may receive compensation for some
links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to
change without notice.  Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of
Servicethis link opens in a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab
California Do Not Sellthis link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis
link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 MyRecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.myrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Creamy Garlic-Seafood Soup

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

