https://www.greedygourmet.com/recipes-by-course/main-course/vegan-chop-suey/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Restaurants
    * Where To Eat in England
      * London
      * Berkshire
      * Essex
      * Surrey
    * Ireland
    * Italy
    * Montenegro
      * Ireland
    * Netherlands
    * Serbia
    * Spain
  * Places to Visit
    * Places to Stay in England
    * France
    * Italy
    * Netherlands
    * Norway
    * Portugal
    * Spain
  * Work With Me
  *     * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * RSS
    * Snapchat
    * Twitter

  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Tips & Tricks
  * Places to Visit
  * Restaurants
  * About
  * Work With Me
  * Contact

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

×

You are here: Home / Cooking Times / a) 30 mins or less / Vegan Chop Suey

# Vegan Chop Suey

1 May 2019 \- By Michelle Minnaar  
This post may contain affiliate links.

FacebookTweetPinYummly

Jump to Recipe

Ask yourself. When was the last time you enjoyed an incredible chop suey
recipe? If you took more than 5 seconds to think about this, then you need to
try this vegan chop suey recipe now! It's the ultimate healthy version of a
traditional chop suey recipe.

However, this vegan chop suey is completely friendly in terms of calories and
uses honest and humble ingredients. I have a feeling that once you try this
delicious vegan chop suey, you'll wish you found this recipe years ago. What's
even better, you can toss in your favourite vegetables and put your own spin
on it. Serve it sizzling hot straight out of the wok if you have one.
Remember, to nail this recipe, it's all about the seasoning!  

## Chinese vegan chop suey

This vegan chop suey is very reminiscent of my recent Chinese mixed vegetable
stir fry recipe. This is due to the fact that the recipe is sort of a stir
fry. It is a recipe consisting of Chinese flavours that has become the heart
of many cuisines around the world. Most of all – the American cuisine!

This vegan chop suey is a relatively inexpensive dish as it calls for using
vegetables only. This you can easily do, especially if you've got leftovers in
your fridge that need to get used up. Enjoy making this family-friendly meal
in under 30 minutes. It's one of those clever, quick recipes that every
household should master.

## vegetarian American chop suey

First of all, chop suey is actually an American-Chinese dish. It's a very
similar case to the British-Indian korma curry phenomenon. It is widely
believed that the first chop suey dish was served in the US. The original
version of the chop suey calls for meat (mostly chicken) and eggs, which are
then cooked with vegetables and thickened by a starch sauce. However, there
are multiple versions of it out there including:

  * beef - for example you can make something similar to this crispy chilli beef recipe
  * fish
  * lamb - try this lamb stir fry recipe
  * shrimp
  * eggs
  * pork - take inspiration from this Chinese bbq pork stir fry
  * turkey or other poultry - similar to this sweet chili chicken stir fry

## Even though the US has claimed that the chop suey was actually invented
there, there are historians that argue otherwise. For example, they argue that
the earliest appearances of this dish can be actually found in Guangdong
province in the county of Taishan. Apparently, the dish already existed in the
1890s under the name of _tsap seui_. It was the immigrants who left this
province and travelled to America that introduced this dish in the US. Of
course, no one really knows the true origin of this dish.  
  
chop suey chow mein recipe

Now, to make this a chow mein recipe, all you need to do is add egg noodles.
Of course, then it won't be a vegan chop suey any more. For inspiration on
adding noodles, take a look at my beef chow mein.  
You can also opt for rice noodles.

## tofu and vegetable chop suey

Of course, you can play with other vegan variations. You can interchange your
vegetables as you see fit. Mostly, I like to use leftover vegetables in my
vegan chop suey, however for more protein and nutrition you can consider tofu!  
Tofu is an excellent vegan addition. Plus you can add different flavoured tofu
to your vegan chop suey. For example, you can opt for smoked tofu or nut tofu
which are also excellent!  
Just check out my incredible tofu in black bean sauce which is also packed
with Chinese flavours.

## vegetable chop suey – calories

First of all, if you are still worried about this vegan chop suey having too
many calories, then stop right now. This vegan chop suey is based on
vegetables and there is no way that you can ever worry about weight or
calories!  
In either case, if you are still looking for tips on how to cut down then I've
got a few. Even though this vegan chop suey recipe is very healthy and
nutritious, you can still take the following steps to make it even healthier:

  * 1: omit the brown sugar (you can opt for a sweetener instead)
  * 2: use green vegetables (try not to include vegetables with a high glycaemic index)
  * 3: limit the use of cashews (even though they are healthy, they have a considerable amount of calories)
  * 4: eat the chop suey as is (do not serve it with rice)

I hope these steps can guide you towards recreating your perfect vegan chop
suey recipe.  

## chop suey salad

In fact, now that I've mentioned a leaner serving by not pairing it with rice,
you can always make it a salad. Just toss the vegetables from the vegan chop
suey into a bowl of leafy greens, baby spinach, rocket salad or roman lettuce.
You name it.

Whichever salad you prefer best, just cut it up and toss the chop suey
vegetables along. Stir and you've got yourself a fantastic Asian vegan
vegetable salad. Top with some fresh red chilli peppers, fresh coriander
leaves and lime juice – and you have one heck of a salad!

My recommendation is to make a large batch of the vegetable chop suey. In
either case, this recipe stores very well. You can even freeze and reheat
(although the vegetables will lose their crunch). Nevertheless, if you store
it in the fridge for one or two days, you can reuse the leftovers in a
fabulous salad as mentioned above. I expect the cooking time for this salad to
be roughly 10 minutes, if not even less! Ha-ha.

## serving

Now, traditionally speaking, you should serve chop suey on a bed of white
rice. You can use basmati or jasmine rice, or even plain rice if you wish.
Again, you can also consider serving it with rice noodles and make a vegan
chop suey chop mein recipe out if it.  
On the other hand, if you are keeping an eye out for some tasty Asian side,
then you have to try these salt and chili chips. This is a very simple way to
add a side to fill up a hungry family. In addition, it's super-easy to make
and also uses humble ingredients. I mean, what could be more humble that the
potato?

I hope you enjoy making this vegan chop suey recipe. If you have any tips or
tricks on making the perfect vegetable chop suey, let me know in the comments
below.

Print

clock clock iconcutlery cutlery iconflag flag iconfolder folder iconinstagram
instagram iconpinterest pinterest iconfacebook facebook iconprint print
iconsquares squares iconheart heart iconheart solid heart solid icon

## Vegan Chop Suey

* * *

★★★★★

5 from 3 reviews

  * Author: Michelle Minnaar
  * Total Time: 30 minutes
  * Yield: 4

Print Recipe

Pin Recipe

### Description

This vegan chop suey dish is the essence of healthy Chinese American cuisine.
Read about the different variations (vegan & non-vegan) and make it your own.

* * *

### Ingredients

Scale 1x2x3x

  * 90ml (6 tbsp) vegetable stock
  * 30ml (2 tbsp) soy sauce
  * 15ml (1 tbsp) cornflour
  * 30ml (2 tbsp) rice wine vinegar
  * 15ml (1 tbsp) brown sugar
  * 15ml (1 tbsp) vegetable oil
  * 1 large onion, peeled and chopped
  * 2 garlic cloves, peeled and crushed
  * 2.5cm (1in) fresh ginger root, peeled and julienned
  * 1 carrot, peeled and sliced
  * 1 red pepper, washed and chopped
  * 150g (5oz) mixed mushrooms, cleaned and sliced
  * 100g (3oz) mangetout, washed
  * 180g (6 oz) beansprouts
  * 8 spring onions, cleaned and chopped
  * 60g (2oz) cashews
  * 5ml (1 tsp) sesame oil

* * *

### Instructions

  1. First prepare the stir fry sauce by combining stock, soy sauce, cornflour, vinegar and brown sugar in a bowl. Set aside.
  2. Heat the oil in a large wok and fry the onion for 1 minute.
  3. Add garlic, ginger and carrot to the wok and fry for 1 minute.
  4. Add the pepper, mushrooms, mangetout, beansprouts and spring onions to the wok and continue to stir fry at a high heat for 1 minute.
  5. Give the sauce in the bowl a stir and pour it over the vegetables, and let the content bubble away while you stir.
  6. Continue cooking until the mushrooms are just cooked which should take about 2 minutes, then add cashews and sesame oil.
  7. Cook for 1 minute and remove from the heat.
  8. Serve immediately on rice. Enjoy!

### Notes

  * Feel free to use your favourite stir fry vegetables because the ingredients list, bar the sauce, is easily interchangeable. Just keep in mind that different vegetables have different cooking times. In the recipe you’ll see I used the ingredients in the order of cooking times, i.e. a carrot needs more cooking than a bean sprout. Of course, it’s up to you to decide just how much crunch the vegetables should have!

  * Prep Time: 20 minutes
  * Cook Time: 10 minutes
  * Category: Main Course
  * Cuisine: Chinese

### Did you make this recipe?

Tag @greedygourmet on Instagram and hashtag it #greedygourmet

## save the recipe to your pinterest board

###

Success! Now please check your email to confirm your subscription.

There was an error submitting your subscription. Please try again.

Email Address

Go  We won't send you spam. Unsubscribe at any time. Powered by ConvertKit

## More

  * Marmite Chicken

  * Salt and Pepper Chicken

  * Sicilian Cannoli

  * Seared Tuna Salad

FacebookTweetPinYummly

### DON'T MISS A THING!

New recipes, tips & tricks, reviews and giveaways every week!

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Pamela

May 23, 2019 at 6:46 pm

I love when you can make any dish vegan!

★★★★★

Reply

  2. Steve

January 14, 2020 at 12:24 am

This was delicious, my wife and I both loved it. I did the “stir fry” without
oil, but otherwise pretty much exactly as the recipe says. I did add some
water chestnuts because I really like them, and used a mix of cremini and
oyster mushrooms. With the brown jasmine rice, it was a real winner, better
than takeout. Thanks!

★★★★★

Reply

  3. Maribel

December 25, 2020 at 2:15 am

I went with this recipe because of Steve’s review. I have to agree, it is
better than take out. Absolutely delicious and very easy! I added pressed tofu
at the end and also added bamboo shoots, water chestnuts, the tiny corn and
baby book choy. I made coconut brown jasmine rice as a side and together it
was perfection. Thank you so much for this recipe! I have bookmarked it under
favorites.

★★★★★

Reply

### Make my day! - Share your thoughts... Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe rating _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_

Comment

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

**about michelle**

Welcome to my eclectic collection of recipes from all four corners of the
world. I hope to inspire you to get into the kitchen and never eat a boring
meal ever again. Want to know more?

More about me →

Join the  
Greedy Gourmet club!

## Latest Recipes

  * Kinder Bueno Cookies

  * King Prawn Chow Mein

  * How to sterilize jars in the microwave

  * How to sterilize jars in an Instant Pot

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * About
  * Copyright, Privacy & Disclosure Policy
  * Disclaimer
  * Accessibility Policy
  * Cookie Policy

### Services

  * Food Photography
  * Recipe Development
  * Food Videography

### Contact

  * Contact
  * Work With Me
  * Media Kit

As an Amazon Associate and affiliate marketer I earn from qualifying
purchases.

Copyright © 2022 Greedy Gourmet

