https://veganheaven.org/recipe/chinese-vegetable-chop-suey/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Going Vegan
  * About
    * About Me
    * Impressum
    * Privacy Policy
  * Search

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About Me

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * Tumblr
  * Twitter

×

# Chinese Vegetable Chop Suey

Published: Nov 10, 2016 · Modified: Jul 13, 2020 by Sina · This post may
contain affiliate links · 4 Comments

540shares

  * Pinterest514
  * Facebook26

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

This Chinese vegetable chop suey is definitely one of my favorite asian-
inspired recipes! It's easy to make, packed with veggies and super delicious!
Yums!

I absolutely LOVE Asian food! Give me some fresh veggies, some rice, and maybe
a bit of tofu and I’m the happiest person in the world. You could make me even
happier when you add some soy or peanut sauce… Of course I wouldn’t claim that
the recipes I post on my blog are authentically Asian. But they’re **Asian-
inspired** and definitely **super delicious**! Right now, my favorite is this
**vegetable chop suey**. It’s **packed with flavor and it 's so easy to
make**.

Until our **vacation to Bali** two months ago, I haven’t had chop suey for
like years. The funny thing is that we had chop suey at a Balinese-Spanish
restaurant. I know this might sound weird, but it was so delicious and we
actually came back to have it a second time. We were there in early September
and didn’t really realize that there is a major local holiday during this
time. It’s called Galungan and it’s the Balinese Hindus celebration of the
spread of Hinduism in Bali. It was super interesting to see all the
preparations and the decorations.

They, for example, decorate curved bamboo poles with young coconut leaves and
they line the streets all over Bali. The bamboo poles each comprise some
natural products like rice, fruits, and sometimes even soy sauce and candy.
They’re super pretty and it was so nice to be able to experience this first
hand.

The only problem was that during this time almost all restaurants are closed
because the Balinese people either go to the temple or spend time with their
families. That’s of course nothing unusual on a big holiday, but we just
didn’t expect everything to be closed. Shops, restaurants, everything! So
after a wonderful day at the beach we were actually really hungry when we
found this Spanish restaurant. It was like the only restaurant being open. And
I was so happy when I saw that they even had a special vegetarian menu. At
first we were a bit skeptical about the vegetable chop suey, because you know
it’s not exactly Spanish. So I didn't know if it was any good. But it turned
out to be soooo delicious!! Even the owner said that he liked this vegetarian
chop suey much better than the original version with pork or beef.

### What You Need to Make this Chinese Vegetable Chop Suey

So when we got home I tried to make a similar version and we really loved it!
**I used one carrot, red, yellow, and green bell pepper, mushrooms, pak choi,
and a Spanish onion**. For those of you who haven’t heard of these onions yet,
they’re usually about the size of a softball and have yellow or white skin.
They have a very mild flavor, so you can eat them in big chunks, which made
them perfect for my vegetable chop suey. **For the sauce I used soy sauce,
corn starch, sherry vinegar and of course garlic and ginger**.

I hope you like this vegetarian chop suey as much as we do. As always, I love
hearing from you guys! Have a great weekend, everyone.

## Vegetable Chop Suey

This Chinese vegetable chop suey is packed with flavor and it's so easy to
make. Serve it over rice and you got a delicious and healthy meal!

5 from 4 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Chinese

Prep Time: 10 mins

Cook Time: 15 mins

Total Time: 25 mins

Servings: 2 people

Calories: 155kcal

Author: Sina

### Ingredients

#### Vegetables:

  * ▢ 2 cloves of garlic, cut into thin slices
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon ginger, minced
  * ▢ 1 large carrot, cut into slices
  * ▢ 1/2 red bell pepper, cut into medium-sized chunks
  * ▢ 1/2 yellow bell pepper, cut into medium-sized chunks
  * ▢ 1/2 green bell pepper, cut into medium-sized chunks
  * ▢ 1/2 Spanish onion, cut into medium-sized chunks
  * ▢ about 10 mushrooms, cut into halves
  * ▢ 1 cup bean sprouts
  * ▢ 2 pak choi, cut into slices

#### Sauce:

  * ▢ 1/3 cup vegetable broth
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon corn starch
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon sherry vinegar
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon brown sugar
  * ▢ salt, to taste
  * ▢ black pepper, to taste
  * ▢ 2 green onions, cut into rings

### Instructions

  * In a large pan, heat some oil, add the bell pepper, the carrot, the Spanish onion, the mushrooms, the garlic, and the ginger and cook for 6 minutes. Add the pak choi and cook another 3 minutes.

  * In a small bowl, combine all ingredients for the sauce and add it to the veggies together with the bean sprouts. Cook for another 5 minutes. Season with salt and pepper.

  * Serve over rice and sprinkle with green onions.

### Nutrition

Calories: 155kcal | Carbohydrates: 31g | Protein: 10g | Fat: 1g | Saturated
Fat: 0.2g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 0.5g | Monounsaturated Fat: 0.1g | Sodium:
1867mg | Potassium: 1031mg | Fiber: 7g | Sugar: 15g | Vitamin A: 12650IU |
Vitamin C: 299.5mg | Calcium: 120mg | Iron: 2.7mg

Tried this recipe?Mention @_veganheaven_ or tag #veganheaven!

Rate the recipe!If you like this recipe, please leave a good rating! This will
help other readers.

Previous Post: « Couscous Dessert Bowl

Next Post: Chocolate Chip Pretzel Cookies »

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Shruthi

December 17, 2020 at 12:55 pm

I tried this recipe for the first time and it turned out so yum that kids
loved it so much. Thank u for posting this recipe.

Reply

  2. Lucía

November 05, 2019 at 1:08 am

  
I cooked for the first time in my life a few weeks ago and the recipe I tried
was this one, and it turned out AMAZING, my whole family loved it, they even
joked about turning themselves vegan if the food tastes that good lol it was
honestly delicious, thank you so much for sharing this!

Reply

  3. Jenna

June 01, 2018 at 10:56 pm

  
Super delicious! I will definitely make it again. Great recipe

Reply

  4. Tora

June 29, 2017 at 8:31 am

Yo! We made this for dinner last night - and I'm having leftovers for lunch
(so excited!) Thank you for sharing this delicious recipe and for a great blog
overall!

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name *

Email *

Current ye@r *

Leave this field empty

## Primary Sidebar

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * Tumblr
  * Twitter

Hi, I'm Sina and this is my recipe blog where I share heavenly simple and
sinfully delicious vegan recipes.

### Popular Recipes

  * Lemon Spaghetti with Spinach (One Pot)

  * One Pan Mexican Quinoa

  * Roasted Chickpeas

  * Thai Pineapple Fried Rice Recipe (Vegan)

  * Vegan Meatballs with Spaghetti

  * Creamy Vegan One Pot Pasta (Asian Style)

### Summer Recipes

  * Super Easy Vegan Oreo Ice Cream

  * Greek Salad

  * Vegan Chickpea Salad

  * Vegetable Kabobs

  * Vegan Black Bean Burgers (Grillable!)

  * Green Smoothie Popsicles

## Footer

Impressum/Legal Notice

Privacy Policy

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * Tumblr
  * Twitter

Search

### Affiliate Disclaimer:

Some posts may contain affiliate links, which means that if you click on one
of the product links and actually decide to buy it, I’ll receive a small
percentage of the total price - of course this does not cause any extra costs
for you. I only recommend products that I personally love and use regularly.

Copyright (C) 2022 by Vegan Heaven  * Privacy Policy

  *   * 

We use cookies to improve your experience. You accept this by clicking "Okay"
or continue to use our site. Find out more.Okay

