https://thehiddenveggies.com/vegetable-chop-suey/#chop-suey-instructions


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

Check out my cookbooks! On sale now!  See the Books

  * All Recipes
    * Vegan Cheeses
    * Vegan Meats
    * Tofu
    * Homemade Vegan Staples
    * Breakfast
      * Savory Breakfast
      * Sweet Breakfast
    * Main Course
      * Pasta
      * Rice and Grains
      * Tofu
      * Vegan Meats
      * Easy Vegan Meals - 30 Minutes or Less
      * Meal Prep
    * Desserts
      * Cakes
      * Cookies
      * Pies and Cheesecakes
      * No-Bake Desserts
    * Lunch
    * Soups
    * Salads
    * Appetizers
    * Sides
    * Dips, Spreads, and Dressings
    * Holiday Favorites
  * My Cookbooks
  * About
    * The Hidden Veggies Recipe Blog
  * Vegan Cheeses
  * Vegan Meats
  * Homemade Staples
  * Vegan Guides
  * Search

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * All Recipes
  * My Cookbooks
  * Vegan Cheeses
  * Vegan Meats
  * Homemade Staples
  * Main Course
  * About Monica

√ó

Home ¬ª Main Course

May 11, 2020 by Monica \- 10 Comments

# Vegetable Chop Suey - Chow Mein

_This post may contain affiliate links. See mydisclosure policy._

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

Vegetable Chop Suey is an American Chinese dish filled with vegetables in a
salty, starch-thickened sauce served over crunchy, fried chow mein noodles or
rice.  If you like saucy Chinese-inspired dishes, you will love this meal.

This was the one and only Asian style dish that my mother ever made when I was
a child and it was one of my favorite meals. We have always served it over
crunchy chow mein noodles, so that is how I usually make it for my family and
what is shown in the pictures.  However, there are many ways to make vegetable
chop suey or chow mein.  They're all a variation of vegetables cooked in a
light brown sauce served over rice or noodles, or with the noodles mixed in.

Chop Suey is a great meal for using up whatever vegetables that you have in
the house.  You can make it different every time with whatever you have
available.

Jump to:

  * üçú Chop suey vs. chow mein
  * ‚ù§Ô∏è Why you'll love this recipe
  * üßæ Ingredients and substitutions
  * ü•Ñ Chop suey instructions
  * üåü Variations
  * ü•Ñ Chow mein instructions
  * üåü More Asian inspired dishes

## üçú Chop suey vs. chow mein

Both of these dishes are Americanised meals inspired by Chinese-style cooking.
There are so many variations of these dishes it is hard to determine a major
difference between chop suey and chow mein.  From what I can decipher, chop
suey usually has a starch thickened sauce and chow mein has a thinner soy
sauce base.  Lo Mein is also very similar, but the sauce is thinner and
vegetables are always mixed with noodles.

## ‚ù§Ô∏è Why you'll love this recipe

  * It's easily made gluten-free.
  * This recipe is versatile and can be made with any vegetables.
  * Its saucy, delicious, comfort food that the whole family will love!

## üßæ Ingredients and substitutions

  * **Vegetables** \- your choice of any of the following... 
    * onions
    * carrots
    * celery
    * bean sprouts
    * water chestnuts - highly recommended for a nice crunch!
    * baby corn
    * bamboo shoots
    * mushrooms
    * bell peppers
    * broccoli
    * snowpeas 
  * **Vegan Butter** \- or neutral-flavored oil.
  *  **Salt and Pepper** \- for flavor.
  *  **Vegetable Broth** \- or water to make the sauce.
  *  **Soy Sauce** \- to flavor the sauce and add saltiness.
  *  **Water** \- to make the sauce the right consistency.
  *  **Sugar** \- to sweeten the sauce a little.  You can leave it out if you want.
  *  **Corn Starch** \- to thicken the sauce.  You can also use potato starch or arrowroot if you wish.
  *  **Rice, Noodles /Chow Mein Noodles/ Rice** \- whichever you choose to serve the chop suey over.

## ü•Ñ Chop suey instructions

  1. Wash and chop onions, celery, water chestnuts, and carrots or any other vegetables of choice.
  2. Add vegan butter or oil to a large skillet, put in diced onions, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and cook over low heat for about 5 minutes until the onions become translucent.
  3. Toss in the celery, carrots, bean sprouts, or any other vegetable that you wish, add 1 cup of water or vegetable broth and turn up the heat to medium and cover. Stir occasionally for about 5 minutes until the veggies become just barely tender.

**Thicken the sauce:**

  1. Put 1/3 cup cold water 1 1/2 tbsp potato starch, 1 tbsp soy sauce, and 1 tsp of sugar in a small bowl and stir well.
  2. Pour over the cooked vegetables and stir well and heat until it thickens the sauce.
  3. Serve over rice, noodles, or chow mein noodles.

## üåü Variations

  * Serve the chop suey over rice or your choice of noodles.
  * Toss the noodles in with the vegetables and sauce for more of a lo mein type meal.
  * Add tofu or vegan chicken strips along with the veggies for a more filling meal.
  * Serve with crispy tofu on top or on the side for a delicious crispy protein.

## ü•Ñ Chow mein instructions

To turn this dish into a vegan chow mein, simply leave out the starch or
reduce the starch to only 1 tsp to make a thinner sauce.

Serve this with some authentic tasting vegan egg drop soup or vegan lettuce
wraps for a complete meal!

## üåü More Asian inspired dishes

  * Coconut Rice
  * Coconut Curry Soup
  * Vegan Fried Rice
  * Red Thai Curry with Vegetables
  * Orange Sauce 

üìå Be sure to follow me on Pinterest for new vegan recipes!

5 from 1 vote

Print

Vegetable Chop Suey/ Chow Mein

Prep Time

5 mins

Cook Time

15 mins

Total Time

20 mins



An easy vegan chop suey recipe that can easily be made into vegetable Chow
Mein or lo Mein as well.

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: American, Chinese

Keyword: vegan chop suey, Vegan Chow Mein, vegetable chop Suey, Vegetable Chow
Mein

Servings: 6

Calories: 235 kcal

Author: Monica Davis

Ingredients

  * 1 medium onion peeled and diced
  * 2 medium carrots peeled and diced
  * 1 cup celery diced
  * 1 cup bean sprouts or 1 can bean sprouts (drained)
  * 1 8 oz can water chestnuts  sliced or diced
  * 3 tablespoons  vegan butter  neutral-flavored oil
  * 1 cup vegetable broth  or hot water

Thickening Sauce

  * 1/2 cup cold water 
  * 1 1/2 tablespoon corn starch  or potato starch of 2 tbsp arrowroot 
  * 1 tablespoon soy sauce or tamari or Bragg's Liquid Aminos for gluten-free
  * 1 teaspoon sugar (optional)
  * 1/2 teaspoon salt

To Serve the Vegetable over

  * 4 cups chow mein noodles or rice or any noodles of choice

US Customary \- Metric

Instructions

  1. Wash and chop 1 onion, 2 carrots, 1 cup celery, 1 cup bean sprouts, 1 cup water chestnuts, and/or any other vegetables of choice.

  2. Add 3 tbsp vegan butter or oil to a large skillet, put in diced onions, sprinkle with salt and pepper, and cook over low heat for about 5 minutes until the onions become translucent.

  3. Toss in the celery, carrots, bean sprouts, water chestnuts, or any other vegetable that you wish, add 1 cup of water or vegetable broth and turn up the heat to medium and cover. Stir occasionally for about 5 minutes until the veggies become just barely tender.

Thicken the sauce:

  1. Put 1/2 cup cold water 1 1/2 tbsp corn starch, 1 tbsp soy sauce, 1 tsp of sugar, and 1/2 tsp salt in a small bowl and stir well.

  2. Pour over the cooked vegetables and stir well and heat until it thickens the sauce.

  3. Serve over rice, noodles, or chow mein noodles.

Recipe Notes

**Variations of vegan chop suey**

  * Serve the chop suey over rice or your choice of noodles.
  * Toss the noodles in with the vegetables and sauce for more of a lo mein type meal.
  * Add tofu or vegan chicken strips along with the veggies for a more filling meal.
  * Serve with crispy tofu on top or on the side for a delicious crispy protein. 

**How to make vegetable chow mein**

To turn this dish into a vegan chow mein, simply leave out the starch or
reduce the starch to only 1 tsp to make a thinner sauce.

Nutrition Facts

Vegetable Chop Suey/ Chow Mein

Amount Per Serving (1 cup)

**Calories** 235 Calories from Fat 90

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 10g **15%**

Saturated Fat 2g **13%**

 **Sodium** 851mg **37%**

 **Potassium** 248mg **7%**

 **Carbohydrates** 33g **11%**

Fiber 3g **13%**

Sugar 5g **6%**

 **Protein** 5g **10%**

**Vitamin A** 3823IU **76%**

 **Vitamin C** 6mg **7%**

 **Calcium** 26mg **3%**

 **Iron** 2mg **11%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

## Primary Sidebar

### Hi, I'm Monica

With over 22 years of being vegan and raising 2 vegan boys since birth, I‚Äôve
learned how to feed a hungry vegan family! I created The Hidden Veggies to
share my recipes, tips, and tricks with all of you. You will find recipes for
‚Äúnormal‚Äù everyday comfort foods that you and your whole family will LOVE!  
~Veganizing all the classic recipes that you crave!  
More about Monica

### Find Me on social media

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

### As Seen In

### My Cookbooks

### Subscribe to the blog

## Footer

‚Üë back to top

### INFO

  * Privacy
  * About the blog
  * About Monica
  * Contact
  * Cookbooks

### FOLLOW

  * Subscribe via email
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

### RECIPES

  * Easy 30 minute meals
  * Breakfasts
  * Soups
  * Dips, spreads, and sauces
  * Desserts

Copyright ¬© 2021 **The Hidden Veggies**

We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an
affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees
by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites. View our privacy policy.  

561 shares

  *   * 561

