https://sixhungryfeet.com/vegan-chop-suey/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

menu icon

  * Home
  * All Recipes
  * About us
  * Contact
  * Español

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * All Recipes
  * About us
  * Contact
  * Español

×

Home » Recipes » Asian-inspired » Vegan Chop Suey

Published: May 4, 2022 · Updated: May 4, 2022

# Vegan Chop Suey

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe Pin Recipe

_Our Vegan Chop Suey is the perfect meal when you feel like eating something
flavourful, easy to make, and packed full of veggies. This American-Chinese
stir fry is made with a delicious sauce that will leave you craving for more._

I love Chinese takeout but in Spain, it tends to be really greasy and
unhealthy. Cooking this type of food at home is the best option to satisfy
your cravings plus eating something much healthier and even tastier.

Chop suey is a great stir fry as there are no specific rules you need to
follow when it comes to choosing your ingredients. You can make a delicious
Chop Suey using what you have on hand, adding a protein such as tofu or
tempeh, and making an umami-packed Chop Suey sauce.

## Our Veggie Chop Suey is:

  * Vegan
  * Asian-style
  * Easy to make
  * Quick to prepare
  * Umami-packed
  * Family-friendly 
  * Main dish

## What is Chop Suey

Chop Suey is an American-Chinese dish made with stir-fried vegetables,
protein, and a thick flavourful sauce. Normally served on steamed rice or chow
mein noodles.

Our recipe for Chop Suey is a vegan version of the classic American-Chinese
Chop Suey dish.

We use crunchy veggies such as carrot, red pepper, and broccoli, fried tofu
and mushrooms for protein, and a sauce made with soy sauce (light and dark),
plant-based oyster sauce, rice vinegar, maple syrup, and white pepper.

## How to cook Veggie Chop Suey

Chinese Chop Suey is simple to cook, using ingredients that you most likely
already have at home and following a few simple steps.

### Ingredients for Vegetarian Chop Suey

**Garlic and Ginger**. All our stir-fries start with garlic and ginger. For
this veg Chop Suey, we cut our garlic and ginger into small slices.

**Fresh Veggies**. For vegetables, we use onion, broccoli, red pepper,
carrots, and mushrooms. You can add other veggies such as green beans, snow
peas, cabbage, celery, etc. Add whatever you have in your fridge that needs to
be cooked!

**Tofu**. When it comes to stir-fries, tofu is our favorite protein. For this
dish, we use fried tofu. You can coat the tofu with cornflour as we do for our
cashew and tofu stir fry or simply fry the tofu as it is as we did for this
recipe. Use fresh tofu to get the best results when frying it.

**Diluted cornflour**. To thicken the sauce you can use different ingredients
such as cornflour, potato flour, or regular flour. We like using cornflour as
we always have it in our pantry. It's important to dilute this ingredient in
water before adding it to the stir fry to avoid creating gelatinous lumps.

### Chop Suey Sauce

Our sauce for this recipe is a combination of soy sauce, dark soy sauce, maple
syrup, rice vinegar, white pepper, and vegan oyster sauce.

We like combining **light and dark soy sauce** as you get the saltiness from
one and the sweetness and color from the other.

For sweeteners, we use maple syrup but you can use sugar as well.

**What can you use if you don't have Vegan Oyster Sauce?** This may be a bi
difficult to get but if you have an Asian supermarket nearby, they will most
likely have a vegetarian oyster sauce made with mushrooms or you can find it
online. You can use mushroom powder as well or simply skip this ingredient.

### Step by Step Recipe

When making a stir fry, the best thing you can do is to prepare all your
ingredients before you start cooking. For this vegan Chop Suey, chop all your
veggies, fry the tofu, prepare the sauce by combining all the ingredients,
finely slice some garlic and ginger, and dilute the cornflour in water.

When all your ingredients are ready to go, it's time to get cooking.

  1. Using a wok or pan heat some coconut oil or other vegetable oil and sauté sliced onion for 2-3 minutes.
  2. Add finely sliced garlic and ginger and sauté for 2 more minutes.
  3. Add the chopped vegetables and fried tofu, stir and cook for 3-4 minutes. Add ½ cup water and keep cooking for 2 more minutes or until the water has evaporated. 
  4. Pour the sauce into the pan. Stir until all the ingredients are coated. 
  5. Add the diluted cornflour and keep cooking for 2 more minutes or until the sauce has thickened.
  6. Add some sesame oil and serve your veg Chop Suey

## How to serve Chop Suey

Chop Suey can be served with steamed rice or noodles. We've tried serving it
with rice and noodles and we absolutely loved both ways, so we invite you to
serve this stir fry with your favorite side.

The best rice for Chinese Chop Suey is jasmine rice or long-grain rice. For
noodles, keep in mind that Chow Mein noodles are not vegan as they contain
eggs. You can use rice noodles or Chinese noodles made without eggs. For a
vegetarian option, you may want to try the classic Chow Mein noodles.

## FAQ and Tips

  * **Don't overcook the veggies**. For a delicious Chop Suey, you want your veggies to still have a bit of a crunch. 
  * You can keep the leftovers in an air-tight container for 3-4 days. 
  * If you want to prepare this dish ahead of time, you can leave all your veggies chopped and the rice or noodles cooked. It will save you time when you want to prepare the meal! 
  * **What is the difference between Chop Suey and Chow Mein?** Chow Mein is a Chinese dish while Chop Suey is an American-Chinese dish. You can find a recipe for Chow Mein as it's a traditional Chinese dish. For Chop Suey, you will find a wide variety of different recipes as it's different depending on the restaurant or area you order it from. 
  * **Is Chop Suey healthy?** Our Chop Suey is quite healthy as it includes a big amount of veggies and plant-based protein. You can serve this meal with brown rice or brown rice noodles to make it even healthier. 

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

5 from 13 votes

## Vegan Chop Suey

Vegan Chop Suey is the perfect meal when you feel like eating something
flavourful, easy to make, and packed full of veggies. This American-Chinese
stir fry is made with a delicious sauce that will leave you craving for more.

Prep Time15 mins

Cook Time10 mins

Total Time25 mins

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Asian Style

Keyword: Vegan Chop Suey

Servings: 2 people

Calories: 300kcal

### Ingredients

#### Chop Suey Sauce

  * 2 tablespoon soy sauce
  * 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce
  * 1 teaspoon rice vinegar
  * ⅛ teaspoon white pepper
  * 1 tablespoon vegan oyster sauce
  * 1 tablespoon maple syrup

#### Chop Suey

  * 250 g tofu
  * ½ white onion
  * 2 garlic cloves
  * 1 thumb-size ginger piece
  * 2 carrots
  * ½ red pepper
  * ½ small broccoli
  * 4 button mushrooms
  * ½ cup water
  * 1 tablespoon sesame oil
  * 1 teaspoon cornstarch diluted in water

### Instructions

  * To prepare the Chop Suey sauce combine the soy sauce, dark soy sauce, rice vinegar, white pepper, vegan oyster sauce, and maple syrup. Whisk until the sauce is homogenous. 

  * Chop all the veggies, deep fry, or stir fry the tofu, and finely slice the garlic and ginger.

  * Using a wok or pan heat some coconut oil or other vegetable oil and sauté the onion for 2-3 minutes.

  * Add garlic and ginger and sauté for 2 more minutes.

  * Add the chopped vegetables and fried tofu, stir and cook for 3-4 minutes. Add ½ cup water and keep cooking for 2 more minutes or until the water has evaporated.

  * Pour the sauce into the pan. Stir until all the ingredients are coated.

  * Add the diluted cornflour and keep cooking for 2 more minutes or until the sauce has thickened.

  * Add some sesame oil and serve your veg Chop Suey.

### Notes

  * If you like your chop suey spicy, add some sliced red chili with the garlic and ginger. 
  * Serve with steamed rice or your favorite noodles.

### Nutrition

Calories: 300kcal | Carbohydrates: 32g | Protein: 16g | Fat: 13g | Saturated
Fat: 2g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 6g | Monounsaturated Fat: 4g | Sodium: 1224mg |
Potassium: 509mg | Fiber: 5g | Sugar: 19g | Vitamin A: 11140IU | Vitamin C:
48mg | Calcium: 210mg | Iron: 3mg

_If you tried our recipe, please leave a comment or tag us on Instagram. We
are always happy to see your creations!  _  
---  
  
## Other Chinese-style recipes you may like

  * Tofu Stir Fry with Cashews
  * Asian-style Orange Cauliflower
  * Ramen Noodle Stir Fry

## More Asian-inspired

  * Vegetarian Nasi Goreng (Indonesian Fried Rice)

  * Vegan Tom Kha (Vegan Thai Coconut Soup)

  * Vegan Soba Noodle Salad

  * Green Summer Rolls with Peanut Sauce

### Subscribe for more Recipes!

Subscribe

Subscribe

#### Thank you!

You have successfully joined our subscriber list.

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Joy says

May 04, 2022 at 10:29 pm

Thank you for sharing your recipe

Reply

    * Laura says

May 06, 2022 at 10:05 am

Thank you Joy!

Reply

  2. Megan says

May 10, 2022 at 11:44 pm

  
Love chop suey and this recipe is the bomb! So easy and delicious! Thanks for
sharing.

Reply

  3. Sophia says

May 11, 2022 at 1:49 am

  
I had a bunch of vegetables I needed to use so I decided to try this recipe.
It was so good and quite simple. I'll definitely make again. Thanks!

Reply

  4. Allyssa says

May 11, 2022 at 8:38 am

  
All time favorite! Thanks a lot for this recipe, super quick and easy to make!
Felt super healthy as well! Loved it!

Reply

  5. Jessica says

May 12, 2022 at 1:41 am

This chop suey was everything I hoped for and more! I love that it's loaded
with veggies. The sauce was amazing and there was plenty of it, which is a
must for me! I can't wait to dig into the leftovers for lunch tomorrow.

Reply

  6. veenaazmanov says

May 12, 2022 at 1:52 am

  
Definitely a One Pot yummy meal. Veggies tossed in this flavorful sauce sounds
delicious.

Reply

  7. Raksha Kamat says

May 12, 2022 at 6:39 am

  
Such a healthy and flavourful Vegan Chop Suey. Love the fact that I can even
make it with rice noodles. Will give it a try soon.

Reply

  8. Amy Casey says

May 13, 2022 at 6:19 pm

  
I am always on the lookout for new vegan recipes for my personal chef clients
and this one will be perfect. I love all the vegetables in it.

Reply

  9. Sharon says

May 13, 2022 at 9:11 pm

  
This vegan chop suey is the perfect meal for meatless Mondays. So easy to make
and has lots of flavors.

Reply

    * Laura says

May 15, 2022 at 8:09 pm

Thanks Sharon!

Reply

  10. Claire says

May 15, 2022 at 2:20 pm

  
The sauce was incredible! And I loved that there was so many veggies in this
dish. My partner and I really enjoyed it. he said I could definitely make it
again.

Reply

    * Laura says

May 15, 2022 at 8:09 pm

thank you Claire!

Reply

  11. Amy says

May 15, 2022 at 8:55 pm

  
I’m always looking for easy vegetarian meals. This was delicious and super
flavorful. My whole family loved it!

Reply

  12. Renee Littaua says

May 24, 2022 at 11:12 pm

  
Simple and delicious! So much better than the chop suey I had growing up (all
cabbage and celery).

Reply

    * Laura says

May 28, 2022 at 1:29 pm

Thank you Renee

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

**Welcome to Six Hungry Feet!** We are Astra, Laura and Luca, a family of
foodies. Through our food blog, Six Hungry Feet, we want to inspire you to
cook delicious and nutritious vegetarian and vegan meals at home that the
whole family will love.  More about us →

### Popular Posts

  * Vegan Gyozas

  * Vegan Mango Lassi

  * Cauliflower Manchurian

  * Halloumi Sandwich

## Footer

↑ back to top

Privacy Policy

Copyright © 2021 Six Hungry Feet

