https://www.food.com/recipe/vegetarian-chop-suey-39400


  * Recipes
    * Breakfast & Brunch Recipes 
    * Lunch Recipes 
    * Appetizers & Snack Recipes 
    * Dinner Recipes 
    * Dessert Recipes 
    * Drink & Cocktail Recipes 
    * Side Dish Recipes 
    * Grilling & BBQ Recipes 
    * Microwave Recipes 
    * Quick & Easy Recipes 
    * Slow-Cooker Recipes 
    * Air Fryer Recipes 
    * Instant Pot Recipes 
    * Baking Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Popular
    * Trending Now 
    * Casserole Recipes 
    * Chili Recipes 
    * Soup Recipes 
    * Pasta Recipes 
    * Bread Recipes 
    * Cookie Recipes 
    * Salad Recipes 
    * Tofu Recipes 
    * Copycat Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Meat & Seafood
    * Chicken Recipes 
    * Salmon Recipes 
    * Pork Chop Recipes 
    * Ground Beef Recipes 
    * Shrimp Recipes 
  * Healthy & Diet
    * Keto Recipes 
    * Healthy Recipes 
    * Vegetarian Recipes 
    * Vegan Recipes 
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes 
    * Weight Watchers Recipes 
    * Low-Carb Recipes 
    * Gluten-Free Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Holidays
    * Dinner Party Recipes 
    * Game Day Recipes 
    * Valentine's Day Recipes 
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes 
    * Easter Recipes 
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes 
    * Mother's Day Recipes 
    * Memorial Day Recipes 
    * Juneteenth Recipes 
    * 4th of July Recipes 
    * Halloween Recipes 
    * Thanksgiving Recipes 
    * Hanukkah Recipes 
    * Christmas Recipes 
    * New Year's Recipes 
  * Cuisine
    * Mexican Recipes 
    * Italian Recipes 
    * Indian Recipes 
    * Thai Recipes 
    * Korean Recipes 
    * French Recipes 
    * Latin American Recipes 
    * Chinese Recipes 
    * Japanese Recipes 
    * Spanish Recipes 
  * Seasonal
    * Spring Recipes 
    * Summer Recipes 
    * Fall Recipes 
    * Winter Recipes 
    * See More 

icons / profile

icons / arrow / arrow-left

  1. Recipes 
  2. Chinese 

# Vegetarian Chop Suey

4

Recipe by Sharon123

4

People talking

Join In Now  Join the conversation!

  * 

Save Recipe

This is delicious! If you're short on time, use a packaged frozen vegetable
medley for some of the fresh veggies. Use vegs. of your choice.

Ready In:

    40mins

Serves:

     4 

Units:

     US 

icons / print PRINT RECIPE

  * icons / email
  * icons / social / pinterest
  * icons / social / facebook

4

People talking

Join In Now  Join the conversation!

## ingredients

Nutrition

  * 2⁄3 cup chopped onion
  * 3  garlic cloves, minced 
  * 2  teaspoons grated fresh gingerroot
  * 1  tablespoon toasted sesame oil
  * 1⁄2 cup diagonally cut carrot
  * 1⁄2 cup diagonally cut celery
  * 2⁄3 cup sliced white button mushrooms
  * 1  cup sliced bell pepper
  * 2⁄3 cup coarsely shredded red cabbage
  * 2  cups diagonally cut zucchini
  * 2⁄3 cup mung bean sprouts
  * 2⁄3 cup sliced green beans
  * 2⁄3 cup snow peas
  * 2⁄3 cup bamboo shoot
  * 2⁄3 cup sliced water chestnuts
  * 1  cup sliced tomatoes
  * 1  cup water
  * 2  tablespoons soy sauce
  * 3  tablespoons cornstarch
  * 3  cups cooked brown rice
  * salt
  * pepper

## directions

  * Cook the onion, garlic and ginger, stirring, in the oil over medium-high heat.
  * Add the carrots and celery, and cook, stirring, 5 minutes.
  * Add the mushrooms, peppers, cabbage and zucchini, and cook 3 minutes more.
  * Add the bean sprouts, green beans, snow peas, bamboo shoots, water chestnuts and tomatoes, and cook 3 minutes more.
  * Stir together the water, soy sauce and cornstarch; stir gently into the vegetable mixture.
  * Cook until the sauce is thickened and all the vegetables are tender-crisp. Salt and pepper to taste.
  * Serve over rice.

Submit a Recipe Correction

#### MY PRIVATE NOTES

Add a Note

Advertisement

Advertisement

### RECIPE MADE WITH LOVE BY

Follow Me

@Sharon123

Contributor

@Sharon123

Contributor

"This is delicious! If you're short on time, use a packaged frozen vegetable
medley for some of the fresh veggies. Use vegs. of your choice."

  * ###### recipes

3308

  * ###### tweaks

232

  * ###### photos

3173

icons / sparkles / sparkles

### JOIN THE CONVERSATION

icons / sparkles / sparkles

icons / camera

upload

icons / star / star-outline

review

icons / write-a-review

tweak

icons / question

ask

all

reviews

tweaks

q&a

sort by: most popularmost recent icons / navigate / navigate-down

  1. review by  Jesper W. 

2/3/2018

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

Uhhm this is a stir fry Chop suet needs sauce - oyster + starch potato or corn
Nice enough stirfry

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  2. photo by  waffey 

12/20/2012

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  3. review by  waffey 

12/19/2012

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

Loved the assortment of fresh vegetables. I added some tofu for protein.
However, I agree with other reviewers that the sauce could use a bit more
flavour. Will definitely make again, but perhaps only 1/2 cup of water and 3
tablespoons of soya sauce next time.

icons / like Like 1

icons / comment Reply

  4. review by  WhatExit 

5/30/2008

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

Loved all the veggies, but could have used a bit more seasoning for my
family's liking. I will definitely make it again and tweak the seasoning a
bit. Thanks for a yummy and healthy recipe.

icons / like Like 1

icons / comment Reply

  5. review by  Charishma_Ramchanda 

6/19/2003

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

This was wonderful! I made this for dinner tonight and my parents enjoyed it
with some tomato ketchup on the side. I used 4 onions(3 medium and 1 small),
Sunflower cooking oil as a substitute for the toasted sesame oil, 3 cups of
celery, 1 cup of mushrooms(tinned), and I did omit the zucchini, bamboo shoots
and sliced water chestnuts(since we don't like any of these). For the red
cabbage, I substituted it with white cabbage and the snowpeas with greenpeas.
I used 1 1/2 cups of greenpeas. I did cut down on the quantity of soy sauce to
just 1 tbsp. The only thing that mom and dad noticed was missing was "salt" in
this. The absence of salt could clearly be made out in the taste, so, I will
for sure add salt next time. Overall, this had a real good presentation once
it was ready and taste-wise, it's good. Thanks for sharing!

icons / like Like 1

icons / comment Reply

see 2 more icons / navigate / navigate-down

Advertisement

### YOU'LL ALSO LOVE

Vegetarian American Chop Suey (Crock-Pot)

by ellie_

1

How to Make Meatball Sub Kolaches

28 Springtime Salads for Easter

42 Ideas for a Ham-Free Easter Dinn...

View All Recipes

### RELATED PAGES

Hamburger Chop SueyPork Chop SueyBeef Chop SueyVegetable Chop SueyClassic Pork
Chop SueyChicken Chop SueyPork, Beef or Chicken Chop SueyChinese Chop
SueyTurkey Chop Suey

View Suggestions

BACK TO TOP

icons / social / facebook icons / social / pinterest icons / social / twitter
icons / social / youtube icons / email

  * All Categories 
  * Site Map 
  * About Us 
  * Help 

The Discovery Family of Networks

  * HGTV
  * DIY Network
  * Food Network
  * Cooking Channel
  * Travel Channel
  * HGTV Poland

© 2022 Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. or its subsidiaries and affiliates. All
rights reserved.

  * Advertise
  * AdChoices
  * Privacy Notice
  * Visitor Agreement

California Privacy Notice CA Do Not Sell My Info

