https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/25136/chop-suey/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Main Dishes
  4. Stir-Fry
  5. Pork
  6. Chop Suey

# Chop Suey

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.5

180 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 117 
  * 4 star values: 48 
  * 3 star values: 13 
  * 2 star values: 2 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 180 Ratings 
  * 145 Reviews 
  * 20 Photos 

This chop suey is fast and easy to make. My mother always made this recipe; we
love it as-is, but you can substitute a can of Chinese mixed vegetables for
the bean sprouts if you want more color and texture. If desired, serve over
hot rice and top with chow mein noodles and soy sauce.

Recipe by D Kosko

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Chop Suey

Add Photo

Chop Suey mamabird0312

Chop Suey nietohiede8

Chop Suey Arabakes

Chop Suey Kim Siler

\+ 16 16 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

20 mins

cook:

20 mins

total:

40 mins

Servings:

4

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

4

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 4 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * ¼ cup shortening 
  * 1 ½ cups diced pork loin 
  * 1 cup diced onion 
  * 1 cup diced celery 
  * 1 cup hot water 
  * 1 teaspoon salt 
  * ⅛ teaspoon ground black pepper 
  * 1 (14.5 ounce) can bean sprouts, drained and rinsed 
  * ⅓ cup cold water 
  * 2 tablespoons cornstarch 
  * 2 teaspoons soy sauce 
  * 1 teaspoon white sugar 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Heat shortening in a large, deep skillet over medium-high meat. Add pork and
sear until it turns white. Add onion and saute for 5 minutes.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Stir in celery, hot water, salt, and pepper. Cover skillet and simmer for 5
minutes. Add sprouts and bring mixture to a boil.

  * Step 3

Combine cold water, cornstarch, soy sauce, and sugar in a small bowl. Add to
skillet mixture and cook until thickened to desired consistency, about 5
minutes.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

270 calories; protein 16.4g; carbohydrates 12g; fat 17.5g; cholesterol 39.4mg;
sodium 802.7mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (145)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

JESSMORIN81

Rating: 5 stars

11/26/2002

I was looking for my moms chop suey recipe, and couldn't find it. I looked on
here, and this is the same one! It's delicious! I did use a can of chicken
soup stock along with the water though, and added more ground pork.

Read More

Helpful (210)

### Most helpful critical review

Dale

Rating: 3 stars

04/30/2009

Well, just made this for dinner. Here are my suggestions: 1-2 T. oil rather
than shortening, saute a couple of cloves of garlic with the diced pork (who
said ground pork?!), a couple of ounces of soy sauce (or ponzu), and last but
not least - 2 T. molasses! That was the missing ingredient! I did chop some
red bell pepper and saute also with the vegetables. Instead of bean sprouts, I
used a can of fancy mixed Chinese vegetables, which also contained bean
sprouts. Now, that's chop suey!

Read More

Helpful (44)

180 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 117 
  * 4 star values: 48 
  * 3 star values: 13 
  * 2 star values: 2 
  * 1 star values: 0 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

JESSMORIN81

Rating: 5 stars

11/26/2002

I was looking for my moms chop suey recipe, and couldn't find it. I looked on
here, and this is the same one! It's delicious! I did use a can of chicken
soup stock along with the water though, and added more ground pork.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

08/29/2006

I'd have to say this is the best chop suey! I like it better than I get in the
restaurant even! I made it 1 time and have made it over and over again. I'm
revisiting the site today to print out another copy because mine has been used
so much it gets a little crinkled more every time. My family loves it too. The
only thing I do different is make a double batch because we all love it, and 1
just doesn't seem to be quite enough for a family of 4.

SPEARFISHER

Rating: 4 stars

09/27/2005

I thought this was great. Definitely four stars. I used chicken broth instead
of plain water and I also used frozen stir fry veggies in it as well as finely
chopped garlic and added some crushed red pepper to my own plate. Very good.
Very easy. Thanks.

JESS33

Rating: 5 stars

03/09/2007

This was terrific! I made the recipe as written. I was a little nervous about
using the shortening, but it really needs to be a part of the recipe. I used
diced chicken instead of pork. Tastes like the chop suey my mom made when I
was a kid. I will make this one again!

Dale

Rating: 3 stars

04/30/2009

Well, just made this for dinner. Here are my suggestions: 1-2 T. oil rather
than shortening, saute a couple of cloves of garlic with the diced pork (who
said ground pork?!), a couple of ounces of soy sauce (or ponzu), and last but
not least - 2 T. molasses! That was the missing ingredient! I did chop some
red bell pepper and saute also with the vegetables. Instead of bean sprouts, I
used a can of fancy mixed Chinese vegetables, which also contained bean
sprouts. Now, that's chop suey!

Kimberly

Rating: 5 stars

03/14/2006

I've made this for the second time today. I made 4 time the amount because the
last time it was all gone in an hour. I chop everything in my food processer
and used olive oil instead of shortening. My husband and his brother say it's
better than Moms. YEAH!!!

GRANOLACOWGIRL

Rating: 5 stars

06/01/2005

Very much like the chop suey you order in Chinese restaurants! I made a
vegetable version that was delicious; omitted the pork, added mushrooms, bok
choy and broccoli. I didn't have shortening, so I sauted the onions in about 2
Tbsp. of vegetable oil. My husband and I both really enjoyed it. Next time I
might even add scallops for a variation.

kiminnows

Rating: 5 stars

09/12/2006

My boyfriend hates Chinese food, but I love it. When I came across this recipe
I thought it would be something he would eat and would also satisfy my craving
for Chinese. He not only liked it, but requested that I make it again a few
weeks later! The only modification I made is that I threw in some water
chestnuts. Thanks for the recipe!

JaJireh

Rating: 4 stars

05/11/2010

When I first glanced at this recipe, I thought it was too simple to be
flavorful, but upon reading the reviews, I decided to give it a go. I, too,
changed the water to chicken broth, added minced garlic and a smidgen of
ginger; also, about a tablespoon each of white wine, oyster sauce, soy, and
sesame oil. The veggies I used were all fresh: thinly sliced carrot, cabbage,
celery, bean sprouts, and water chestnuts. The result? Perfectly splendid
flavor! I was very pleased with this foundation to build upon. Thank you! :)

MicheinMA

Rating: 4 stars

12/17/2006

My husband and I both likes this recipe and it was very easy to make. I
substituted a few ingredients as I didn't have celery on hand but did have
sugar snap pead. I also threw in a can of baby corn and bamboo shoots. Next
time I will add a little more soy sauce.

MSDUCK311

Rating: 5 stars

02/02/2007

This is the BEST!!! I use my food processor to chop everything. I make a
triple batch and it is gone in 2 days. I've even have used chicken instead of
pork and that's great too.

B_32

Rating: 4 stars

10/28/2006

Pretty good, I used oil instead of shortening though.

CHARMICHEAL

Rating: 5 stars

01/18/2010

We really loved this! I used leftover pork loin roast diced up and I did as
others suggested and used 2 Tblsp. of canola oil to saute the onion and
celery, along with some minced garlic and sliced baby bella mushrooms. I also
used a can of fancy chinese vegetables instead of just bean sprouts and some
extra water chestnuts. In the cornstarch mixture I used twice as much soy
sauce plus 2 Tblsp. of molasses. It was divine and like so many others have
said, "just like my mother used to make." What a treat! And, it is quick and
easy. Thanks for the basic recipe. It is a definite keeper!

SODABEAR

Rating: 5 stars

04/19/2011

good basic recipe. i used tofu instead of meat, and added zero calorie
shiritake noodles. i also used chicken broth instead of just water. very
simple and comforting. thank you!

Stacy C. Harper

Rating: 5 stars

12/01/2010

I wish I could rate this more than 5, it was so delicious! However, I did make
some modifications that others might want to try. Instead of plain hot water,
I subbed a hot mix of stock with some white wine and a little water. I sauteed
the onions along with the pork. After 5 minutes of this, I also added minced
ginger and garlic and sauteed the pork for an additional minute before I added
the hot stock mix. All this really deepened the flavors to unreal levels!
Then, I had mushrooms, green beans, and carrots I added along with celery just
to use them up and add color. Still, it was very quick easy to make and
probably the most delicious Chinese dish I have ever made at home. Thanks for
the great idea!

Nicole Burdett

Rating: 4 stars

02/14/2011

I made this with a leftover pork tenderloin and it was very quick and easy. I
doubled the soy sauce and added a can of Chinese vegetables in addition to the
bean sprouts. I also subbed chicken stock for the cup of water and the 1/3 cup
of water and it gave it a great flavor. I will definitely make this again and
think it would also be good with chicken, beef, or even just vegetables. Thank
you!

Tracy

Rating: 5 stars

04/24/2008

This is so what I remember chop suey to be, like I enjoyed as a kid. The 1st
time I made it I used shortening....after that NOT! A little veggie oil will
do. Wonderful w/ shrimp or chicken as well. Thanks for a great simple blast
from the past!

missdrea

Rating: 5 stars

08/02/2010

If you want to try this in your slow cooker... I left out the shortening and
placed the pork, onion, celery, water(I subbed chix broth and left out salt),
and pepper in my slow cooker on high for 1 hr. Then I cooked on low around 4
hrs. Then I added the sprouts and cornstarch paste and returned the heat to
high for about 30 mins. To serve I added sriracha and cooked rice with Baked
Egg Rolls (also from here) . The hubs requested I make it again. Next time I
will add the celery/ onions further along the cooking process because I like
them a bit crunchier.

KONWAL

Rating: 3 stars

12/24/2010

Sorry. Very bland. Added more soy sauce and a bit of Hoisin Sauce. Still
bland. Also, not enough sauce. Had to add water and that probably contributed
to the blandness. Wish I had watched how my mother-in-law used to make this.
Update: I made this again and liked it much better. Didn't change anything.
Maybe the pork had more flavor. Don't know. But I would make it again.

W Hamlett

Rating: 5 stars

07/03/2006

Very very good! I used butter instead of shortening, but other than that
followed the recipe exactly. The only thing I would do different next time is
to double (maybe triple) the recipe because it went fast.

Monica Heitman

Rating: 5 stars

10/04/2014

We tried something different with this recipe. Using all the ingredient except
for shortening substituted with veg.oil, added 3 stalks of bok Choy, fresh
bean sprout; one large bag, a can of bamboo shoot and water chestnuts and
lastly a whole 16 oz of mushrooms...for the liquid we did swap out the water
for chicken broth which put a different twist to the flavor of the broth added
more soy to accommodate. The different textures of vegetables were awesome.
Certainly was a win with hubby! Thanks for laying the foundation. Excellent
flavor!!!! Will do again soon.

BarryB

Rating: 5 stars

10/01/2011

I've made this recipe a few times now, and I love it! The combination of
flavors (the sugar surprised me) have a very nice complexity that I was not
expecting. I've thought about adding other vegetables into this recipe, but
it's just great as it is. I made this with pork the first time, since I had an
extra boneless pork chop on hand. After that, I made it with chicken, and it's
just as good. Thank you for this recipe! Now we're reallyl cooking!

roscoe

Rating: 5 stars

09/24/2011

It's been a long time since I had this. My mom used to make it and this is
very close to her recipe. The only changes I made are: a double batch, using
brown rice (1 to 2 - rice to water - 1 hour low flame) which adds a nutty
flavor and makes it healthier, instead of shortening using a 2 Tbsp of olive
oil, adding an ample Tbsp of molasses, increasing the soy sauce to 2 Tbsp and
reducing the water by that amount. I like using fresh organic bean sprouts and
celery instead of the canned stuff. I can eat this for breakfast, lunch and
dinner; and then in my dreams.

Lee

Rating: 5 stars

03/04/2010

I really love this! In place of the can of sprouts, I use a can of chow mein
vegetables.

Cherie

Rating: 5 stars

02/07/2022

This is surprisingly simple and delicious.

UPDATE: I have made this many times and prefer the simplest version. I have
experimented with chicken, chicken stock, red bell pepper, water chestnuts,
bamboo shoots, canned chop suey veg. But the very best way is to use pork and
the simple veg in the original recipe: celery, onion, bean sprouts. We did add
salt, substituted molasses for the sugar, and increased the amount of liquids
and cornstarch. We like it with rice.

Rebecca Gillespie

Rating: 5 stars

03/13/2014

Mom's chop suey...how did you swipe her recipe? We loved it. Thank you for
sharing.

RMSR

Rating: 4 stars

03/29/2011

I marinated my pork in "Mama Sita's BBQ Marinade" (store-bought) while I
prepped everything else. As veggies I used onion, garlic, radishes, red bell
pepper, green bell pepper and canned mini corn cut up. Used olive oil instead
of shortening. Skipped celery, bean sprouts and hot water. Made the rest of
the recipe as stated. Very tasty, I'd say almost restaurant quality. Served
over basmati rice.

Sharon Mckenzie Seiber

Rating: 5 stars

08/04/2014

This is what my Mom made, except she used beef. I love it with mushrooms and
water chestnuts. This is a versatile recipe. Add, remove whatever you want to.

Cheryl

Rating: 3 stars

12/21/2008

We both love chinese but found this to be very blah for chop suey.

Nicole

Rating: 5 stars

03/10/2010

Thank you for such an awesome recipe! I've used this site for 5+ years
religiously and this is by far my favorite entree! Everyone loved it! It is
just like what you would get at a restaurant and probably even better. The
only change I made was I added water chestnuts and pea pods! Oh my! Delish!

Hanny Manny

Rating: 3 stars

07/05/2010

It was okay. It tasted kind of bland so I added hoisin sauce and chili garlic
paste. I also added a bag of frozen asian vegetables and left out the bean
sprouts because I didn't have them.

Andrea

Rating: 4 stars

02/17/2010

This was an excellent recipe. I added water chestnuts and used beef instead of
pork over brown rice. I also substituted olive oil for the shortening and used
less than the recommended amount to cut down on the fat and calories. I also
let cook for about 10-15 minutes to get the celery softer.

Christina

Rating: 5 stars

12/14/2009

Love this!!!! So quick,easy and delicious! Used Olive oil instead of
shortening as another reviewer had mentioned they used it...I also added Bok
Choy when adding the celery just for some color and it was terrific! Thanks
for the great recipe!

Heather Bartlett

Rating: 5 stars

06/09/2010

Hit the spot! I love me some Chicken chop suey. Next time I make this, I want
to add two cans of bean sprouts. My hubby doesn't like celery, the texture
mainly, so added celery salt instead to keep the flavor. I also used chicken
broth instead of the 1 cup of hot water to bring out the flavor of the chicken
I used in the dish. I'ma keepin this recipe!

KJsLady

Rating: 5 stars

06/27/2011

For our chinese food night, I made this Chop Suey, Sweet and sour pork and Egg
Rolls. My husband not being one to like chinese type foods, loved this!!! I
added water chesnuts, carrots and cabbage. This will be remade again with more
pork and no waterchestnuts for the hubby. Thank you for sharing this easy and
great tasting recipe.

Sharon L

Rating: 5 stars

12/05/2009

this is very close to the chop suey recipe that my mother made me for years...
and now my children make it for my grandchildren... you might want to add
water chestnuts, and you can also use boneless skinless chicken breasts. we
serve it with oriental crispy noodles, over rice

Mrs. Cheri

Rating: 5 stars

11/13/2008

Wow this was good, and easy to make. I can't have msg - migraines - so finding
a good easy to prepare chinese recipe is not easy. I used roasted chicken -
thanks Costco - instead of pork and cut the cooking time down quite a bit. I
couldn't find canned bean sprouts so I used fresh. Turned out perfect The
family loved it and it tasted great the next day.

dbatt99

Rating: 4 stars

12/05/2011

A tiny bit bland but still worth the efforts. Next time will add julienned
bell peppers, sliced onion, angle-sliced celery... Dicing doesn't seem to suit
the dish!

W Hamlett

Rating: 5 stars

11/07/2010

I have made this several times & LOVE IT. The only change I make is to sear
the pork in either 1-2 Tbsp. of butter or vegetable oil. And I usually double
the recipe.

ECampbell

Rating: 4 stars

11/01/2011

This is great if you really like Chop Suey. I used Chicken instead of Pork. It
certainly must be healthy for you with the ingredients.

Eliane

Rating: 4 stars

07/12/2010

I used a small amount of olive oil, chicken, fresh bean sprouts and added
zucchini. We really enjoyed it and it will become one of my regular meals.

1shellbelle

Rating: 5 stars

09/09/2013

Love this recipe! It is super easy to substitute the pork for cubes of
chicken- you cook it the same as the pork. You can add other vegetables
(broccoli and shredded carrots are popular at my house). This is a delicious
recipe!!! My whole family loves it!

rmg981

Rating: 5 stars

02/28/2012

Delicious. Just like i made for all the years my children were growing up. I
learned from this version to shorten cooking time for the pork and the
vegetables. And of course I added Grandmas molasses in lieu of sugar. I used
Mother Hubbard molasses for years. I also add water chestnuts, bamboo shoots,
and mushrooms, and used fresh bean sprouts. Serve over organic rice if gluten
sensitive.

Younger

Rating: 4 stars

01/15/2012

It's a bit bland, but pretty authentic tasting. Adding some cabbage and water
chestnuts fills it out as a fuller dish.

IMP70

Rating: 2 stars

02/09/2003

I didn't really like this....kind of a bland recipe. I don't think it's the
recipe's fault -- just my tastebuds!!

Lady Merengue

Rating: 5 stars

01/21/2013

Absolutely great recipe !! everyone loved it !! took me right out of a lunch
rush !! i just made a couple of changes to it by replacing the pork with
shredded chicken,added bok choy, broccoli, and mushrooms.. the perfect chop
suey !! :D Thanks !!

aspiringchef313

Rating: 5 stars

05/11/2012

I have a freezer full of frozen food- a diced celery/onion/carrot mixture,
broccoli florets, and chicken breasts. Didn't know what to do and decided to
find a recipe for chop suey. Random huh? I read a lot of complaints about it
being bland but for me, it was perfect! Maybe because I'm big on seasoning,
and I season food to my taste. I didn't have pork, so I cut up the (thawed)
chicken breasts and cooked them in olive oil. The chicken was seasoned with
seasoning salt, paprika, and pepper. I added my vegetables after the chicken
was done and used low-sodium chicken broth as the substitute for the hot
water. Added a dash of salt and pepper and even then, the mixture already
tasted great. I used fresh bean sprouts instead of canned, but I'm sure that
it wouldn't make a difference. Made the cornstarch mixture according to the
directions, and was originally worried about the taste of the mixture. After
adding it to the stirfry however...wonderful. Perfect amount of salt and
sweet. (I later added red pepper flakes-- gotta have a little spicy!) It is a
very simple, fast recipe and I recommend it for anyone who wants to make a
restaurant-quality meal in a short time period. I think maybe using the
chicken broth will help with those who said it was bland, but in the words of
Chef Ramsay "Taste, taste, taste!" No recipe is perfect. Will DEFINITELY cook
again!

kajones

Rating: 5 stars

02/17/2008

Really good, just what I was looking for

Judy M.

Rating: 5 stars

06/01/2008

Love this recipe. It's great for my husband who is on a renal diet. I added
one or more of the following, canned mushrooms, water chestnuts and/or bamboo
shoots. Didn't hurt it a bit. Loved how easy and fast it is too. Judy

Karen

Rating: 5 stars

05/23/2010

This recipe is just like my mom's! Everyone loves it. I used chicken broth and
added diced chicken along with the pork. I also added water chestnuts. I did
use chinese mixed veggies for the bean sprouts and it was really
delicious....will make again!

Karen

Rating: 5 stars

02/20/2012

Yummy!

Mitchell Williams

Rating: 5 stars

09/18/2018

Awesome I added water chestnuts, mini corn, bean sprouts, bamboo shoots and
pea pods. I would make this dish over and over again.

Michelle Harris

Rating: 5 stars

03/20/2010

the family loved this and it tastes like the chop suey my mom used to make
back in the 70s

BRACKY189

Rating: 4 stars

06/03/2015

I just made this for a 2nd time -both times have just followed the recipe to
the T. I must say, I am happy with it as is... the only thing I might try
differently next time is to add the Chinese mixed veggies that everyone has
suggested. Other than that, it's a great. The sauce is perfect consistency &
not too salty... My 12 yr old son loved this over white rice, so I think this
will be added to my meal rotation now. Thanks for sharing!

Jenni Tyler Stuebe

Rating: 5 stars

01/08/2011

Great! the whole family loved it. I used a pork roast and added a can of
chinese veggies instead of the sprouts. Keeper!

NitroBurns

Rating: 5 stars

09/20/2011

Great recipe! Mega compliments!

carolann

Rating: 5 stars

04/22/2013

This chop suey tastes very authentic and delicious ! My family loved it! I
substituted fresh green beans for the bamboo shoots as we are huge green bean
fans.

Chairman James

Rating: 4 stars

01/11/2010

This is a good basic recipe for a good way to deal with leftover meat and
vegetables. You can replace the pork with any meat (but not fish) and you can
use a lot of different vegetable combinations. Also, I leave out the sugar.
Depending on the vegetable combination, you probably don't need it. I serve
with both white rice and chow mein noodles. But if you're looking for
something that will knock your socks off, this isn't it.

Hungrymomma

Rating: 5 stars

08/02/2012

This was really good and very simple!

Claudia

Rating: 5 stars

12/08/2009

Wonderful! I tried this with beef stew meat and also added a can of chinese
vegetables. Was great, will definitely keep cooking this. My husband wants me
to add more waterchestnuts next time.

Anne S.

Rating: 5 stars

01/26/2009

I followed this recipe to a "T". I thought it was great~! My 3 year old helped
make it and she really enjoyed it as well. I was surprised at how easy, quick
and tasty it was. I served it over chow mein noodles. I will be making this
again. Thanks for the recipe!

wonders

Rating: 5 stars

08/30/2018

My go to dinner when pushed for time or have left over chicken, pork or beef.
I do not use the corn starch or sugar. We like the juicy broth and do not need
the added sugar. Love this meal.

PLEWIS74

Rating: 5 stars

06/03/2012

I used ground beef in place of the pork and I added mushrooms. I also used
fresh bean sprouts. It was very good. Will definitely make this again.

Wendy LaRocque Westgate

Rating: 5 stars

08/26/2008

Loved this recipe..Of all the chop suey recipes I have tried, this by far the
best one I ever made..I used left over meat in mine. I just added it after the
veggies finished steaming and right before I added the cornstarch
mixture..just to re-heat it..Yummers..Thanks PS.. I also used beef broth
instead of plain water and omitted the salt..because I was using left over
steak..

avadaggett

Rating: 4 stars

03/07/2011

I really liked this and will make it again. Used chicken & coconut oil instead
of shortening for a subtle flavor. Cut salt in half. Used low sodium tamari,
as well.

Mary Halada

Rating: 5 stars

11/10/2015

So simple and easy and so tasty! I don't know why this tasted different than
my normal stir frys, but it was really good. Used Chicken stock rather than
water. Added pea pods and red bell pepper but just because I had some!

Chris Meadows

Rating: 4 stars

03/25/2008

A great Recipe! finally my Chop suey has the texture you would expect it to
have a chinese resturant!

KIMBERJS

Rating: 4 stars

02/25/2018

Used 2 tablespoons olive oil instead of shortening. Added chopped water
chestnuts for texture. Substituted chicken for pork. Used low sodium soy
sauce. Substituted no sodium chicken stock for water. Left out the sugar.
Adjusted for taste with about 3/4 teaspoon Kosher salt. Served over crunchy
chow mein noodles. It is a good base recipe for chop suey. Easy to modify to
taste. I'll definitely use it again to avoid high sodium, high fat, MSG-laden
stuff from a restaurant.

Leanne Luma Luhrs

Rating: 4 stars

02/08/2011

Thank you for the recipe! I really loved it. I added baby corn, water
chestnuts, and mushrooms, but kept everything else the same. I will definitely
make this again.

Wendy Z-L

Rating: 4 stars

08/10/2015

I made this tonight, my husband has been asking for me to make it for sometime
now. The only thing I did different was I used olive oil and added water
chestnuts and used 1/2 pork and 1/2 beef. It's my first time eating chop suey,
I have to say it's not bad, however, I think next time I will add some garlic
as others have indicated, as it taste like it's missing something. My husband
says it taste just like the one his mother use to make when he was a kid.

Agnes Dotson

Rating: 4 stars

02/16/2020

This is a good base recipe, I did add a few things that my Mother taught me
for hers. Add an 1/8 teas.ground ginger ( or a 1/2 in piece of whole ginger)
Bean sprouts, water chestnut and the Molasses,about 1/4 to 1/2 cup. I used
chicken stock instead of water. This is a good way to try different
vegetables.....boc choy ,baby corn, mushrooms,and snow peas.

GRAZELL

Rating: 5 stars

11/30/2008

Love this. Just like mom used to make!

Naomi Norback

Rating: 3 stars

04/24/2010

A little bland; i would use beef or chicken stock next time instead of water

AMBERBLANCH

Rating: 4 stars

06/06/2004

Very good and simple. Tastes fresher than a can but oddly similar. Will become
one of our rotating meals.

Cathy

Rating: 5 stars

01/14/2018

This is a very tasty recipe. I used the boneless chicken I had on hand and
substituted chicken broth for the hot water (personal preference). Otherwise,
I made no changes. I did all the chopping and organizing for this dish before
I started cooking - so much easier when company is present.

Triple_D75

Rating: 5 stars

06/20/2007

I used cut up beef chuck steaks (cheap on sale) instead of pork, and i used a
few tablespoons of wok oil instead of artery buster shortening. flavor was
outstanding. very easy to make.

Scott

Rating: 5 stars

01/23/2008

Excellent and a hit with the kids. I followed the suggestions to use chicken
broth instead of water and to double the recipe. It was a good recipe to cook
with my 10yr old son and have him do most of the prep & cooking.

Teri

Rating: 5 stars

07/26/2016

Pretty close to take-out! We doubled the sauce and added pea pods, water
chestnuts, bok choy, diced carrot, 1 large garlic clove. My husband and I
added a little extra soy sauce.

Mrs. Z.

Rating: 4 stars

06/24/2017

This a good start-off recipe for Chop Suey. I used beef instead of pork, just
for preference. I added 2 minced garlic cloves along with the celery to give
it a little more flavor. I also used a large can of stir fry veggies to the
mix to make it a more colorful dish overall. Towards the end, I tasted the
sauce and ended up adding more soy sauce to enhance the flavor a bit more. I
probably needed to adjust it because of the additional veggies I added to the
dish. I would make this dish again--but adjust the sauce to try different
flavors.

JIM5150

Rating: 5 stars

07/12/2006

Fixed per recipe. Perfect!

chyna

Rating: 5 stars

04/07/2020

sauteed pork with 2 tsp garlic and dash of soy sauce. When adding water, also
added chicken broth/stock. instead of bean sprouts, added cup of frozen
vegetables since what I had on hand. Otherwise would prefer fresh-carrots,
brocolli, mushrooms, water chestnuts. etc.

sandyvar

Rating: 4 stars

05/20/2017

I 've made it twice now for my parents, who really like it, and say it's
"almost as good as" what my grandmother used to make. I added lots more
Chinese veggies--bamboo shoots, water chestnuts--and a can of button mushrooms
because that's what my grandmother did. I also greatly reduced the amount of
fat, substituting a little olive oil for the shortening, and used chicken
broth in place of water for more flavor.

pabarbara

Rating: 5 stars

12/13/2010

Loved this recipe, very easy to prepare. I used a can of Keystone heat and
serve pork... also added water chestnuts. Served over rice. On the table in
less than 30 minutes. Next time I will double the recipe, everyone had
seconds! Thank for the recipe!

Sheri Miller

Rating: 5 stars

03/22/2017

This was delicious and so easy. I made it exactly as written.

Della

Rating: 5 stars

06/11/2009

I was looking for the Chop Suey I used to have in grammar school. It had a
brown colored gravy. For a regular chop suey recipe, I thought this was very
good and just like the one you get from the restaurants. I also used oil
instead of shortening and only about 2 tablespoons. It was very easy to make!!

Kathy Whitehouse Heglund

Rating: 4 stars

04/25/2010

I changed it up a bit used skirt steak not pork, and did not have Sherry so
used a splash of wine vinegar, but the concept and cooking instructions were a
great help. First attempt and it was great.

angela3132000

Rating: 5 stars

09/22/2008

This recipe was super easy and was exactly the taste I was looking for.I used
beef and added sliced red peppers. Served over white rice - the family loved
it. This is a recipe I will use often. Thank you very much!!!!!

Meredith051

Rating: 5 stars

05/18/2012

Fantastic~ I doubled the recipe, but next time I think 3 Tablespoons of
Cornstarch in a double batch will be plenty. Excellent recipe DKOSKO, thank
you :)

Ilikefrenchies

Rating: 5 stars

03/18/2013

This was SOO GOOD! I doubled everything except the celery and bean sprouts.
This worked perfectly because it gave enough sauce to cover the rice that I
topped with the chop suey. Really yummy sauce. Anyone that says it was bland
is out of their mind, to add more soy sauce would make it WAY too salty.
Perfect as is. Thanks!

Diana weeks

Rating: 3 stars

11/09/2017

Came out fair only because it did not have much flavor. I added garlic and
chicken broth instead of water but something else is needed.

Maryrich

Rating: 5 stars

05/24/2017

Used chicken. I Tried both leftover chicken from roaster and CANNED chicken -
came out great both ways. Also added mushrooms.

Chris Bunch

Rating: 4 stars

12/16/2012

Nice will make again

lilmrsprimo

Rating: 5 stars

02/23/2009

This is a great recipe! I used oil instead of shortning and added broccoli. My
husband and 4 kids loved it as well.

Elinor Gray

Rating: 5 stars

04/10/2009

I looked for this because chop suey was in today's crossword, and really happy
I did! I also used oil, water chestnuts, and since I was short on celery,
added green peppers. Also a little short on ground pork, so added some bacon!
DELISH!! Will prepare often--good way to eat your vegetables!! YUMMY!!

connie

Rating: 5 stars

06/11/2014

i boil the diced pork loin for few minutes or until pork is tender. set the
broth aside and use it instead of adding just plain water. it also saves me
money for buying chicken/beef broth. been done in my country for generations.

VDUBPRINCESS

Rating: 5 stars

08/20/2009

Yumm... thanks! I used what I had on hand and it turned out great! So, we used
Ground Turkey, Fresh Bean Sprouts, Bok Choy leaves & the stems in place of
celery. turned out awesome! I did add a little extra soy sauce & some ginger &
tai pepper to the meat while it cooked. My husband is filipino so our flavors
have to be There! :) However this recipe was perfect for getting me where I
wanted to go! thanks so much! I'm adding this to our dinner menu as a regular!

Hummel97

Rating: 4 stars

12/07/2009

Very good and so simple and quick to make, every working mom should try this
one. It will not yield enough for 4. It is just hubby and I and there was not
a full serving left so definitely double this recipe . I did add 1 Tbls. of
soy sauce and was glad I did because we were still adding at the table. I will
try this with chicken and ground beef for a little variety too. Thanks DKOSKO
for another keeper.

mnmunguia

Rating: 4 stars

09/26/2009

Came out real good

Corinne Surette

Rating: 5 stars

04/06/2016

I use fresh mung bean sprouts.. it is a great recipe. If you live on the north
shore of new england you will know what chop suey sandwiches are.. this is the
recipe to use.... yummy.. I make it with chicken also..... thanks so much for
this recipe

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Chop Suey

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Chop Suey

##  All Reviews for Chop Suey

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Chop Suey

Servings Per Recipe: 4  
Calories: 270  

% Daily Value *

protein:  16.4g  33 %

carbohydrates:  12g  4 %

dietary fiber:  2.5g  10 %

sugars:  3.8g

fat:  17.5g  27 %

saturated fat:  4.9g  25 %

cholesterol:  39.4mg  13 %

vitamin a iu:  32.7IU  1 %

niacin equivalents:  5.7mg  44 %

vitamin b6:  0.3mg  16 %

vitamin c:  21.2mg  35 %

folate:  13.9mcg  4 %

calcium:  39.7mg  4 %

iron:  1.1mg  6 %

magnesium:  18mg  6 %

potassium:  331.3mg  9 %

sodium:  802.7mg  32 %

thiamin:  0.3mg  33 %

calories from fat:  157.7

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Chop Suey

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 145

Chop Suey

1 of 20 Chop Suey

mamabird0312

Chop Suey

2 of 20 Chop Suey

nietohiede8

Chop Suey

3 of 20 Chop Suey

Arabakes

Chop Suey

4 of 20 Chop Suey

Kim Siler

Chop Suey

5 of 20 Chop Suey

shawna

Chop Suey

6 of 20 Chop Suey

mischvis1

Chop Suey

7 of 20 Chop Suey

caroline mukuka

Chop Suey

8 of 20 Chop Suey

Mrs. Z.

Chop Suey

9 of 20 Chop Suey

Sheri Miller

Chop Suey

10 of 20 Chop Suey

Teneka Lynn Wright Rodriguez

Chop Suey

11 of 20 Chop Suey

Melindark

Chop Suey

12 of 20 Chop Suey

Carlos Lopez

Chop Suey

13 of 20 Chop Suey

Enrique Snchez Lores

Chop Suey

14 of 20 Chop Suey

carolann

Chop Suey

15 of 20 Chop Suey

Ashley Geist

Chop Suey

16 of 20 Chop Suey

PLEWIS74

Chop Suey

17 of 20 Chop Suey

thelizel

Chop Suey

18 of 20 Chop Suey

Hanny Manny

Chop Suey

19 of 20 Chop Suey

robin

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Chop Suey to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Chop Suey

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

