http://www.templeofthai.com/recipes/thai_shrimp.php


  * home
  * thai grocery
  * cookware
  * fruit carving
  * food blog
  * thai recipes

Go to page Â» Home Page Thai Recipes Thai Grocery Store Fruit Carving Thai
Cookbooks Food Blog Contact Us Fresh Produce Thai Sauces Nittaya Curry Paste
Curry Paste Tea & Beverages Asian Noodles Dried Spices Flour and Sugar Pickled
& Preserved Jasmine & Sticky Rice Thai Pastes Pad Thai Satay Cooking Kits
Asian Snacks Canned Food Thai Fruit Curry & Soup Convenience Food Asian
Cookware Mortar & Pestle Sticky Rice Steamer

* * *

# Spicy Tamarind Shrimp Recipe ( _Kung Yai Pad Som Makahm Bpiak_ )

## Kasma's Southern Style Spicy Tamarind Prawns with Crisped Shallots and
Garlic

This tasty recipe from cooking instructor Kasma Loha-unchit uses tamarind and
spicy chilis to bring the flavor of the shrimp to life in a distinctly
southern Thai way. Tamarind is the key ingredient in this dish and can not be
left out if you want to maintain a distinct bold and balanced flavor. This
dish is best prepared with Tiger prawns if possible though any type of shrimp
can be used.

  
Thai Spicy Tamarind Shrimp (Click to enlarge)

## Ingredients

  * 1 lb. large prawns or shrimp (about 16-20 per pound size)
  * 1/4 cup peanut oil
  * 2 large shallots, halved lengthwise and sliced crosswise, 1/8-inch thick
  * 8 cloves garlic, chopped
  * 1/3 cup tamarind juice the thickness of fruit concentrate
  * 4 large dried red chilies, each cut into 2-3 pieces
  * 1/4 cup chopped onion 
  * 2 jalapeno or serrano peppers, chopped with seeds
  * 2 Tbs. fish sauce ( _nahm bplah_ ), to taste
  * 1 Tbs. Sriracha hot chili sauce
  * 1 Tbs. Maggi or Gold Mountain seasoning sauce
  * 1 Tbs. palm or coconut sugar, to taste
  * Lettuce to line serving platter
  * 1 red jalapeno pepper, cut into long, fine slivers
  * 1 green onion (dense part of stalk only), cut into 1 1/2-inch lengths, then split into thin matchstick-size slivers
  * A few cilantro sprigs for garnishing

## Preparation

Shell, de-vein and butterfly the prawns; give them a saltwater bath to
freshen. Rinse and drain well. Let sit at room temperature for at least 20
minutes before stir-frying.

Heat the oil in a small skillet for 2-3 minutes. Add the sliced shallots and
fry over low to medium heat, stirring occasionally until the pieces are evenly
browned and crisped (may take 20-25 minutes). Drain from oil with a fine wire-
mesh strainer. Return oil to skillet and fry the garlic over medium-high heat
until golden brown. Drain likewise, reserving the oil for stir-frying.

Heat a wok over high heat until its entire surface is smoking hot. Swirl in 2
Tbs. of the reserved oil to coat the wok surface. Wait a few seconds for it to
heat. Then add the dried chili pieces and fry quickly until they are dark red.
Remove from oil with the wire-mesh skimmer. Toss the chopped onion and chilies
into the wok and saute until softened and aromatic. Add tamarind juice, fish
sauce, Sriracha hot chili sauce, Maggi or Gold Mountain sauce and palm sugar.
Stir well to blend and heat to a sizzling boil.

Add the prawns and with frequent stirring, cook over high heat until the sauce
is thick and the prawns are cooked to your liking (2-4 minutes, depending on
their size). Turn off heat and add the fried shallots, garlic and dried
chilies Toss well. Transfer to a lettuce-lined serving platter. Garnish with
slivered red chili, green onion and cilantro sprigs.

Serves 6 with other dishes and rice in a shared family-style meal.

Hint:  
To save yourself the work of crisping shallots and garlic, use pre-packaged
products available in small containers or bags substitute with 2-3 Tbs. for
the shallots and 2 Tbs. for the garlic.

Shop for Thai food and recipe ingredients in our online grocery.

Recipe Copyright (C) 2000 Kasma Loha-unchit, Dancing Shrimp, pp.205-206. Image
(C) 2010, laughingmango/istockphoto.com

  

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments

* * *

  * Fish with Tamarind Sauce
  * Sour Curry with Fish
  * Thai Grilled Fish
  * Using Fish Sauce in Recipes
  * Thai Fish Cakes - Tod Man Pla
  * Haw Mok Plaa
  * Spicy Tamarind Prawns
  * Stir Fry Shrimp & Asparagus
  * Seafood Salad - Yam Talay
  * Survivor's Fish Salad
  * Spicy Shrimp Salad - Pla Goong
  * Tom Yum Goong
  * Tom Yum Talay
  * Thai Crab Curry
  * Chu Chee Shrimp Curry
  * Chu Chee Fish Curry
  * Fish Steamed with Chili and Lime

* * *

* * *

Temple of Thaion

* * *

* * *

* * *

  * Home
  * Thai Food Store
  * Thai Recipes
  * Asian Cookware
  * Mortar & Pestle
  * Thai Cookbooks
  * Thai Cooking
  * Fruit Carving
  * Food Blog

Back to Top

Copyright (C) 1999-2022 Temple of Thai. All rights reserved.

