https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/roast-pork-thai-chilli-mustard-sauce-herbs-recipe/62r7auir


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Roast pork with Thai chilli-mustard sauce and herbs

  * _20m_ prep
  * _3h_ cook
  * _8_ servings 

1

Save Recipe

77 people saved this

3 people made this

A spectacular roast pork is served with a tasty Thai-style chilli sauce and a
welcomed update to the repertoire.

Curtis Stone, Coles Magazine

Chef & Restaurateur

507 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain mustard, sulphites and fish.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 22 Ingredients 
  * 7 Method Steps 

#### 22 Ingredients

  * 2.5kg Coles Australian Pork Leg Roast Boneless 

  * 4 shallots, unpeeled, quartered 

  * 1 garlic bulb, unpeeled, broken into cloves 

  * 4cm-piece ginger, unpeeled, sliced 

  * ### Chilli-mustard sauce

  * 1 large shallot, peeled, quartered 

  * 6 garlic cloves, peeled 

  * 2 long red chillies, tops removed 

  * 2/3 cup (150g) brown sugar 

  * 1/3 cup (95g) Dijon mustard 

  * 1/3 cup (80ml) rice wine vinegar 

  * 1/4 cup (60ml) fish sauce 

  * 4cm-piece ginger, peeled, sliced 

  * 1/4 tsp ground coriander 

  * 1/4 tsp ground cumin 

  * 3 limes, juiced 

  * 1 bunch basil, leaves and tender stems only 

  * 1 bunch coriander, leaves and tender stems only 

  * ### Herb salad

  * 1 bunch basil, leaves and tender stems only (about 4 loosely packed cups) 

  * 1 bunch coriander, leaves and tender stems only (about 4 loosely packed cups) 

  * 2 spring onions, thinly sliced 

  * 1 large carrot, peeled, shredded 

  * 4 radishes, thinly sliced 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 7 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Position a rack in centre of oven and preheat to 150°C (130°C fan-forced).
Using a sharp knife or box cutter, deepen scoring in the skin and fat of pork
(don’t cut through meat). Season the pork generously with salt.

  * Step 2

In the centre of a rimmed baking tray, add shallots, garlic and ginger. Top
with pork. Roast the pork for 2-2½ hours or until an instant-read meat
thermometer inserted in centre of pork registers 50°C. Pour off fat from the
tray, then remove excess fat on the tray with paper towel.

  * Step 3

Increase oven temperature to 250°C (230°C fan-forced). Roast the pork for a
further 20-30 mins or until the skin is crisp and crackling and the internal
temperature is 60°C. Transfer the pork to a carving board. Rest for 20 mins.

  * Step 4

Meanwhile, to make the chilli-mustard sauce, heat a cast-iron skillet or large
heavy-based saucepan over medium-high heat. Add the shallot and cook for 4
mins. Add garlic and chillies and cook, turning, for 6 mins or until charred
all over. Transfer to a blender.

  * Step 5

Add the sugar, mustard, vinegar, fish sauce, ginger, ground coriander, cumin,
¼ cup (60ml) lime juice and 1 tsp sea salt flakes to the vegetables in
blender. Blend until the mixture is completely smooth, stopping the machine
and scraping sides as needed. Add basil and coriander leaves and stems and
blend until completely smooth. Season with more salt and lime juice, if
needed.

  * Step 6

To make the herb salad, in a medium bowl, combine the basil, coriander, spring
onions, carrot and radishes.

  * Step 7

Using a large serrated knife, cut the pork into 2cm-thick slices. Serve pork
with the chilli-mustard sauce and herb salad.

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

3 people made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

77 people saved this

### Recipe Notes

Allow for 20 minutes resting time.

GET AHEAD: Make the chilli-mustard sauce up to 1 day ahead. Cover and
refrigerate.

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by Ben Dearnley

##  Popular on Taste

  1. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  2. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

  3. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

  4. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

  5. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  6. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

  7. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  8. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

