https://www.chilipeppermadness.com/recipes/comeback-sauce/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  *     * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * Twitter
    * YouTube

  * About
  * Cookbooks
  * Shop
  * Search

  * Recipe Index
  * RECIPES BY TYPE
    * BBQ/Grilled
    * Burgers
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chili
    * Curry
    * Dehydrator
    * Game Day
    * Hot Sauces
    * Jalapeno Poppers
    * Marinades
    * Pickling
    * Preserving
    * Quick and Easy
    * Salsas
    * Sauces
    * Seasonings
    * Stuffed Peppers
    * Tacos
  * COOKING TIPS
  * Pepper Info
    * Chili Pepper Types
    * The Scoville Scale
    * Hottest Peppers in the World
    * Growing Chili Peppers
    * Preserving
    * Health Benefits
    * Frequently Asked Questions
    * Buy Plants & Seeds

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * Recipe Index
  * All Recipes
  * Pepper Info
  * Chili Pepper Types
  * The Scoville Scale
  * Growing Chili Peppers
  * Preserving
  * Chili Pepper Health Benefits
  * Frequently Asked Questions
  * Cooking Tips
  * Cookbooks
  * Shop
  * About Us

×

Home » Comeback Sauce

# Comeback Sauce

by Mike Hultquist · Sep 1, 2021 · 10 Comments

Jump to Recipe

  *   *   *   *   * 

_This comeback sauce recipe is creamy and zesty, the perfect condiment for
sandwiches or dipping, so easy to make and ready to transform your meal._

Looking for your new favorite creamy, spicy sauce for sandwiches or for
dipping? Look no further than Mississippi **Comeback Sauce** , my friends!
This sauce will definitely keep you coming back for more.

**Comeback sauce is a creamy southern style mayonnaise based sauce.** It
originated in Jackson, Mississippi, in a Greek restaurant in the 1930s and has
captured the hearts, and taste buds, of many.

It is comparable to a Cajun remoulade sauce or a spicy fry sauce, made
primarily with mayonnaise and a few other readily available condiments and
seasonings.

It's very easy to make from pantry ingredients, and also easy to adjust the
levels of heat and spice in order to make it your own. It's perfect for the
spicy food lover looking for a simple way to add some zing to sandwiches or
fried foods, or just about anything else.

You'll find variations from cook to cook, of course. Some like to add fresh
ingredients, like celery, onion or peppers to the mix, though you can easily
make it with condiments and powdered seasonings.

This is a very easy version.

**Let's talk about how we make comeback sauce, shall we?**

## Comeback Sauce Ingredients

  * Mayonnaise
  * Chili sauce
  * Ketchup
  * Mustard - I prefer a spicy mustard, though you can use Dijon mustard or Creole mustard. Dry mustard is good, too.
  * Lemon juice
  * Worcestershire sauce
  * Hot sauce (or to taste)
  * Paprika (use smoked paprika for extra zip)
  * Garlic powder (or use fresh minced)
  * Onion powder (or use fresh minced)
  * Salt and pepper to taste

## How to Make Comeback Sauce - the Recipe Method

**The Ingredients.** Add all of the ingredients to a large bowl - mayonnaise,
chili sauce, ketchup, mustard, lemon juice, Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce,
paprika, garlic powder, onion powder, salt and pepper.

**Hand Mix or Process.** Mix well until combined and smooth and creamy.

**Boom! Done!** Your comeback sauce is ready to go. Looks so creamy, doesn't
it? Spread it on whatever needs some zing! How are you going to use yours?
Curious minds want to know.

## Recipe Tips & Notes

  * **Ratios.** You can easily vary up the ingredient ratios with comeback sauce to make it your own. Looking for more mayo? Go for it. More paprika? Yes! Less salt? It's totally your call. Make it your very own.
  * **Heat Factor.** Comeback sauce isn't overly spicy, though will depend on your choice of hot sauce. A Louisiana style hot sauce is typically used, like Tabasco, Franks or Crystal. You can easily add in a spicy chili powder, like cayenne powder, or some minced spicy peppers. Go for it!
  * **Mustard.** I switch between using Creole mustard or spicy brown mustard when I make comeback sauce, though I also love Dijon mustard. A good dry mustard works as well. Use your favorite and feel free to experiment.

## Comeback Sauce Serving Suggestions

Comeback sauce is typically used as a condiment for sandwiches, but also as a
dipping sauce for french fries, chicken tenders, fried pickles or other
dippers. Try is as a salad dressing for a salad that isn't boring!

It's great on all sorts of fried foods. Add a 1/4 cup or so to a small bowl
and serve it up. Get ready for dipping!

**That's it, my friends.** I hope you enjoy this comeback sauce recipe. Let me
know if you make it. I'd love to hear how it turned out for you. Keep it
spicy!

## Cookbook Recommendation

If you're interested in southern cooking and cuisine, check out these
cookbooks for some great southern recipes and history. I'm learning quite a
lot about southern food and barbecue from them. Definitely some great eating!

  * The Southerner's Cookbook: Recipes, Wisdom, and Stories (affiliate link, my friends!)
  * North Carolina Barbecue: Flavored by Time, by Bob Gardner (affiliate link, my friends!)

## Try Some of My Other Popular Recipes

  * Sriracha Aioli
  * Yum Yum Sauce
  * Creamy Sriracha Mayo
  * Jacked Up Fry Sauce
  * Chipotle Sauce
  * Chipotle Mayo
  * Homemade Buffalo Sauce
  * Aji Amarillo Sauce
  * Creamy Fish Taco Sauce

**Got any questions? Ask away!** I'm happy to help. If you enjoy this recipe,
I hope you'll leave a comment with some STARS. Also, please share it on social
media. Don't forget to tag us at #ChiliPepperMadness. I'll be sure to share!
Thanks! -- Mike H.

Print

## Comeback Sauce Recipe

This comeback sauce recipe is creamy and zesty, the perfect condiment for
sandwiches or dipping, so easy to make and ready to transform your meal.

Course: Main Course, sauce

Cuisine: American

Keyword: chili sauce, condiment, ketchup, mayonnaise, mustard

Prep Time: 5 minutes

Cook Time: 5 minutes

Calories: 53kcal

Author: Mike Hultquist

Servings: 24 tablespoons

**Tap or hover to scale**

5 from 4 votes

Leave a Review

### Ingredients

  * 3/4 cup mayonnaise
  * 3 tablespoons chili sauce
  * 2 tablespoons ketchup
  * 1 tablespoon spicy mustard or use Dijon mustard or Creole mustard
  * 1 tablespoon lemon juice
  * 1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce
  * 1 teaspoon hot sauce or to taste
  * 1 teaspoon paprika use smoked paprika for extra zip
  * 1 teaspoon garlic powder or use fresh minced
  * 1 teaspoon onion powder or use fresh minced
  * Salt and pepper to taste

### Instructions

  * Add all of the ingredients to a large bowl. Mix well until combined and smooth and creamy.

### Notes

If using fresh garlic and onion, you can process the ingredients in a food
processor or blender until smooth.

Makes about 1.5 cups.

### Nutrition Information

Calories: 53kcal   Carbohydrates: 1g   Protein: 1g   Fat: 5g   Saturated Fat:
1g   Polyunsaturated Fat: 3g   Monounsaturated Fat: 1g   Trans Fat: 1g
Cholesterol: 3mg   Sodium: 100mg   Potassium: 24mg   Fiber: 1g   Sugar: 1g
Vitamin A: 66IU   Vitamin C: 1mg   Calcium: 3mg   Iron: 1mg

Did You Enjoy This Recipe?I love hearing how you like it and how you made it
your own. Leave a comment below and tag @ChiliPepperMadness on social media.

  *   *   *   *   * 

Categories: Condiments Tags: Chili Pepper Madness, chili pepper recipe

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

  1. Darren Brothwell says

September 11, 2021 at 12:08 am

  
I have never been disappointed with anything I have made from here, and this
was no exception! I was looking for something different to dip our chips in
for my son's pre 16th birthday dinner (very spicy Cajun chicken!), and made
this. My son was full after eating dinner but kept dipping his finger in the
bowl of left over sauce. Its a definite "Come Back" sauce, and will be made
again, and again. Thankyou!

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

September 11, 2021 at 11:02 am

Excellent! Glad you enjoyed it, Darren! I love to hear it.

Reply

  2. Jérémie says

September 04, 2021 at 5:00 am

  
Well, usually I don't comment on one of your recipes two days in a row, but
now I understand the name of this sauce: comeback… because we come back to it
very very quickly!!  
I "invented" a little burger recipe for it and I give it to you, cause I found
it very good:  
For 1: a bun, homemade fried chicken, 1 roasted jalapenos, hot pickles relish,
gherkin pickles, ​​onion slices, arugula, and your comeback sauce made from
homemade aioli! Not bad at all!

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

September 04, 2021 at 6:19 am

You got it, Jérémie. Sounds like the perfect sandwich!

Reply

  3. Jérémie says

September 03, 2021 at 3:13 pm

  
Hey Mike! Tested with a bacon sandwich... it was great!! thanks!

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

September 04, 2021 at 6:27 am

Awesome! So good! Great way to test it. =)

Reply

  4. Kati says

September 03, 2021 at 11:35 am

Hi, first thank you for all the recipes you post. I do have a question about
this recipe, Comeback Sauce, what exactly do you mean when you say chili
sauce. What is the product that I should be using. Thanks

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

September 03, 2021 at 1:12 pm

Kati, most "chili sauce" ingredients refer to this type of sweeter chili
sauce, like my Homemade Chili Sauce Recipe here
(https://www.chilipeppermadness.com/recipes/chili-sauce/). However, you can
use something simple like sambal oelek, chili garlic sauce, or sriracha.
Enjoy!

Reply

  5. Cheryl Hill says

September 01, 2021 at 4:48 pm

  
OK, I cheated and gave this a 5 star despite not having tried it, but I trust
that it's a fair rating, as your recipes are 99% truly awesome. Just wanted to
say that it's nice to see that you're not afraid of using mayonnaise, which so
many avoid. And it's so easy to make with one of those whisk, wand, mixer
things. Just put in an egg, some oil, and a tad of mustard, and push the
button and you have mayo. This looks so yummy. Thank you for sharing.

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

September 02, 2021 at 5:38 am

Thanks, Cheryl. I make aioli myself, but a good quality mayo is awesome for
these recipes!

Reply

## Primary Sidebar

**ALL. SPICY. RECIPES.** Hi, I’m Mike and I LOVE Spicy Food! Say goodbye to
bland and boring food with my easy-to-follow recipes. Let’s get cooking!

More about me →

Mexican

Cajun

Sauces

Seasonings

### 5 ESSENTIALS FOR SPICY COOKING

Subscribe and receive my FREE email series with tips for spicy cooking and new
Recipes

**AMAZON / BARNES & NOBLE / ** **INDIEBOUND  ** **/  BOOKS A MILLION**

**AMAZON / BARNES & NOBLE / INDIEBOUND**

### Most Popular Recipes

  * Bang Bang Chicken

  * Creamy Fish Taco Sauce

  * Mexican Birria Recipe

  * Homemade Blackening Seasoning

  * Michelada Recipe - Spicy Mexican Beer and Tomato Juice Cocktail

  * Pollo Guisado Recipe (Chicken Stew)

## Footer

## NEVER MISS A RECIPE

Receive my "5 Essentials for Spicy Cooking" email series & new recipes

Search

  *   *   *   *   * 

↑ back to top

About | Contact | Travel-Food | Stories | Privacy | Disclaimer | © 2022 Chili
Pepper Madness

EXCLUSIVE MEMBER OF MEDIAVINE FOOD

