https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/219111/spicy-honey-mustard-sauce/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Side Dish
  4. Sauces and Condiments
  5. Sauces
  6. Spicy Honey Mustard Sauce

# Spicy Honey Mustard Sauce

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.7

51 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 41 
  * 4 star values: 6 
  * 3 star values: 4 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 51 Ratings 
  * 45 Reviews 
  * 9 Photos 

This honey mustard sauce is given a little boost from the addition of hot
sauce and rice vinegar.

Recipe by Chef John

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Read the full recipe after the video.

Add Photo

Spicy Honey Mustard Sauce Vedant Vohra VDizzL3

Spicy Honey Mustard Sauce Katy Kruzic

Spicy Honey Mustard Sauce lutzflcat

Spicy Honey Mustard Sauce Nikki

\+ 5 5 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

5 mins

total:

5 mins

Servings:

12

Yield:

12 tablespoons

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

12

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 12 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * ⅓ cup mayonnaise 
  * 2 tablespoons Dijon mustard 
  * 2 teaspoons yellow mustard 
  * 1 tablespoon rice vinegar 
  * 2 tablespoons honey 
  * ½ teaspoon hot sauce 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Whisk together mayonnaise, Dijon mustard, yellow mustard, rice vinegar, honey,
and hot sauce in a bowl.

Advertisement

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

58 calories; protein 0.1g; carbohydrates 3.6g; fat 4.9g; cholesterol 2.3mg;
sodium 112.2mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (45)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Sarah Jo

Rating: 5 stars

04/14/2012

I used this recipe for honey-dijon chicken. I used reduced fat mayonnaise and
because I was using homemade italian seasoning in the coating for the chicken,
I used white wine vinegar in this recipe. (I wasn't really sure that rice wine
vinegar would go well with italian seasoning, to be honest). It was absolutely
perfect--just enough to coat four halved chicken breasts and it made the
chicken wonderful. My husband and kids inhaled the chicken dish. I'll use this
recipe again and again.

Read More

Helpful (81)

### Most helpful critical review

LIBRARYCAT

Rating: 3 stars

02/02/2015

I thought it had too much vinegar and not enough honey. Will adjust that and
it should be OK.

Read More

Helpful (0)

51 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 41 
  * 4 star values: 6 
  * 3 star values: 4 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 0 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Sarah Jo

Rating: 5 stars

04/14/2012

I used this recipe for honey-dijon chicken. I used reduced fat mayonnaise and
because I was using homemade italian seasoning in the coating for the chicken,
I used white wine vinegar in this recipe. (I wasn't really sure that rice wine
vinegar would go well with italian seasoning, to be honest). It was absolutely
perfect--just enough to coat four halved chicken breasts and it made the
chicken wonderful. My husband and kids inhaled the chicken dish. I'll use this
recipe again and again.

Jillian

Rating: 5 stars

02/03/2012

I needed something for chicken fingers tonight and this was delicious! I used
Hellman's light mayo and Frank's red hot for the hot sauce which added a nice
little kick! This would make an excellent marinade or basting sauce...

Baking Nana

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

01/31/2012

This is great! We loved it with ham. I am sure it will be great with chicken
too. A really nice step up rom the standard mayo / mustard combo. Thanks!

Holiday Baker

Allstar

Rating: 4 stars

09/04/2012

I thought this was good, but not great. I always make Honey Mustard Dressing
II from the site, which I love. This was the adult version of honey mustard,
as it had a definite kickback from the vinegar and hot sauce.

KMF

Rating: 5 stars

05/24/2012

Made exactly as written. Easy and tasty. Based on my family's preferences, I
would add more hot sauce next time but that is a personal preference. Very
tasty just as written!

Stacey Varnes

Rating: 5 stars

02/17/2012

I love this recipe, thank you for sharing! This will be my honey mustard sauce
recipe for years to come!

Marianne

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

04/05/2012

I used this recipe to make Honey-Mustard Turkey Breast from this site.
Wonderful! I used Frank's Red Hot, Best Foods Mayo, Grey Poupon Dijon Country
Style, French's Yellow Mustard, Busy Bee Organic Honey, and Nishiki Rice
Vinegar. I will definitely make this again! Thanks for the recipe!

lutzflcat

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

07/19/2017

7.19.17 Enjoyed this today as a dipping sauce for some corned beef hash
croquettes. For our personal tastes, I cut the honey in half and doubled the
hot sauce. I can see this sauce being a perfect match for so many things, and
I love how easy it is to mix up. This one’s a keeper!

Samantha Noelle Welch

Rating: 5 stars

04/03/2015

Great recipe. Except we had to 1tsb. more hot sauce because we like things on
the hotter side

Suzanne Newton

Rating: 5 stars

11/17/2012

Excellent! Everyone loved it, we used it as marinade and dipping sauce for
grilled chicken. I didn't put all of the hot sauce in because we have little
kids, but definitely gave it a good dash or two. I also noticed as I was
copying it into my recipe file that I actually misread the recipe and put 2
TABLESPOONS of yellow mustard in. Nevertheless, very good!

Judys

Rating: 5 stars

08/11/2014

I doubled the recipe to use as a dipping sauce for panko encrusted chicken
tenderloins. It was great. This is a keeper.

karen

Rating: 5 stars

07/08/2018

Delicious dip for baked chicken tenders

Cynthia Crane

Rating: 5 stars

10/22/2015

I loved it! To cut a few calories I substituted greek yogurt for mayo.

Rex Hutcheson

Rating: 4 stars

03/21/2015

Pretty good as a dipping sauce for oven-fried zucchini and sweet potato fries.

tinag19

Rating: 5 stars

01/13/2013

Amazing!! I didn't put the hot sauce cuz of small kids and it already has a
little kick to it cuz of the Dijon. It was perfect. Will make this over and
over again for sure. Thanks chef John for another amazing recipe!!

motorhead

Rating: 5 stars

02/20/2019

I make this all the time...only changes....half the amount of rice vinegar

SergioPorto

Rating: 4 stars

01/07/2019

It could be a little bit less sour. Increasing the honey quantity works.

Jessica

Rating: 5 stars

05/26/2012

delicious and easy!

Ciera Zitzman

Rating: 5 stars

04/18/2020

I doubled the recipe because I was feeding a lot of people. I also used ghost
pepper hot sauce and only did 1/4 of a teaspoon. Was very good and my family
enjoyed it!

LIBRARYCAT

Rating: 3 stars

02/02/2015

I thought it had too much vinegar and not enough honey. Will adjust that and
it should be OK.

WENDYDARLING

Rating: 5 stars

08/04/2015

Delish! Absolutely perfect as written. I don't normally like honey mustard but
this is my new favorite. The vinegar and a little sirracha and wow.

Lora Wade McKinney

Rating: 4 stars

03/25/2020

I made this to have with my flounder and for my husband to have with his
chicken. It was perfect and I am making it again tonight! Very versatile
recipe and a great accompaniment.

cinfrea

Rating: 5 stars

07/17/2019

This is delicious! I didn’t have rice vinegar so I looked online and found you
can use white wine vinegar with 1/4 tsp sugar, which is what I did. Kept
everything else the same. Served with veggie corn dogs. This will definitely
be the mustard sauce I make from now on.

Dianna

Rating: 5 stars

02/07/2020

Wow, this is a really delicious mustard sauce exactly like it is written. I
whipped this up the night before serving it, to let the flavors meld. It was
great with Slow Cooker Ham (also from this site). (Because my husband loves
honey, he doubled only that ingredient, and it sent him over the moon.)

AdeleD

Rating: 4 stars

09/04/2014

Good! Need to taste it tomorrow after the flavors combine. Right now, a bit
"mustardy". Next day update... yummm.

blueyes4

Rating: 5 stars

09/25/2014

This was delicious. We love our food on the spicy side so added a bit more hot
sauce. Fast, easy and great.

HOLLY9000

Rating: 5 stars

07/20/2015

This was absolutely delicious. Did not change a thing!

cblakes

Rating: 5 stars

03/31/2018

Just the right taste!

Chris Moran

Rating: 3 stars

12/07/2013

AS IS, it just didn't maintain each item's flavour. I used tabbasco, which may
have made it less tasty. I'd actually say 3.5 stars. I didn't stop eating it.

ldavido

Rating: 5 stars

10/12/2016

Delicious! Used Frank's red hot

Shelly Sands-Brockway

Rating: 5 stars

03/01/2014

delicious!

Chevy

Rating: 5 stars

02/15/2016

Great sauce! Will make again.

NTGuru

Rating: 5 stars

09/23/2019

Doubled the recipe and made the following modifications: Lime Juice instead of
lemon added Cayenne pepper to taste (FOR ME ABOUT A 1/16 TEASPOON) It is great
on chicken of course but really wakes up a Turkey sandwich

jqn78nz5rs

Rating: 5 stars

01/16/2022

I have tried many honey mustard sauce, one’s that are restaurant and one’s I
failed at home or I just didn’t like. And I am in love with this one. Two
thumbs up! Thank you

ilovemykids99

Rating: 3 stars

05/16/2020

It was ok. I usually LOVE Chef Johns recipes and go to them as much as
possible. I followed exactly and thought it was too mayo tasting. I added
double to horseradish after tasting to try and reduce that mayo taste.

wbarrett01845

Rating: 3 stars

12/30/2015

was not impressed. Ratio of bread to ham was way off and I added 50% more ham.

Paula

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

09/11/2012

Perfect honey mustard sauce! The rice vinegar and the hot sauce really add
depth of flavor to this.

bellepepper

Rating: 5 stars

02/11/2013

This was very good. I made roughly half the recipe to serve with Potato Chip
Chicken, also from this site. I would make this again, whenever I’m in need of
a honey mustard dipping sauce.

tracickle

Rating: 5 stars

08/21/2019

Very tasty. I would definitely make it again

Pooch656

Rating: 5 stars

07/23/2013

This was great, I made it exactly as written except for using reduced fat mayo
because that's all we keep in the house. I made this to go with some chicken
nuggets and it was perfect, spicy, sweet and a little tangy. Even better after
sitting in the fridge for a few hours.

FRANCIE63

Rating: 5 stars

01/12/2014

Quick to whip up and tasty!

redeyeskilletslayer

Rating: 5 stars

10/07/2019

Easy to make, and kids loved it.

kikikim

Rating: 5 stars

01/01/2018

Very and delicious easy not-to spicy honey mustard sauce.I served this
alongside Sausage Balls by ksalinas as appetizers also featured on the
allrecipes website.

momchef82

Rating: 5 stars

06/10/2012

awesome! Made it for a sauce to bake chicken with, so delicious

raeiv

Rating: 5 stars

10/28/2019

definitely make again. Perfect for chicken fingers. Was good on rated broccoli
too.

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Spicy Honey Mustard Sauce

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Spicy Honey Mustard Sauce

##  All Reviews for Spicy Honey Mustard Sauce

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Spicy Honey Mustard Sauce

Servings Per Recipe: 12  
Calories: 57.7  

% Daily Value *

protein:  0.1g

carbohydrates:  3.6g  1 %

sugars:  3g

fat:  4.9g  8 %

saturated fat:  0.7g  4 %

cholesterol:  2.3mg  1 %

vitamin a iu:  18IU

vitamin c:  0.2mg

folate:  0.4mcg

calcium:  1.2mg

magnesium:  0.6mg

potassium:  4mg

sodium:  112.2mg  5 %

calories from fat:  44

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Spicy Honey Mustard Sauce

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 45

Spicy Honey Mustard Sauce

1 of 9 Spicy Honey Mustard Sauce

Vedant Vohra VDizzL3

Spicy Honey Mustard Sauce

2 of 9 Spicy Honey Mustard Sauce

Katy Kruzic

Spicy Honey Mustard Sauce

3 of 9 Spicy Honey Mustard Sauce

lutzflcat

Spicy Honey Mustard Sauce

4 of 9 Spicy Honey Mustard Sauce

Nikki

Spicy Honey Mustard Sauce

5 of 9 Spicy Honey Mustard Sauce

Diane

Spicy Honey Mustard Sauce

6 of 9 Spicy Honey Mustard Sauce

Paula

Spicy Honey Mustard Sauce

7 of 9 Spicy Honey Mustard Sauce

Jessica

Spicy Honey Mustard Sauce

8 of 9 Spicy Honey Mustard Sauce

Marianne

Spicy Honey Mustard Sauce

9 of 9 Spicy Honey Mustard Sauce

Baking Nana

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Spicy Honey Mustard Sauce to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Spicy Honey Mustard Sauce

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

