https://thewingedfork.com/homemade-mustard-paste-recipe/


Skip to content

  
   Home    Buy me a Coffee!

Menu

  * Home
  * About Abby
  * Travel
    * Asia
    * Europe
    * Africa
    * Australia & New Zealand
    * Northern America
    * Southern & Central America
    * Inspiration Series
    * Stays & Lodgings
  * Faith & Fasting
  * Travel There! Eat That!
    * Where to eat in Popular Cities
    * Top Dishes Around the Globe
  * 

# Home-made Rich Mustard Paste Recipe

27 September 20211 May 2020 by Sarah

This post may contain affiliate links. Click here to read the disclaimer.

__Share

 __Pin 29

 __Tweet

 __WhatsApp

 __Telegram

 __Yum

 __Email

29 Shares

Jump to Recipe

4.80 out of 5 Stars by 5 readers!

_Home-made Yellow **Mustard paste is an awesome accompaniment for your
sandwiches, burgers**. It even goes well with a wholesome Chicken or Mutton
dish by lending a unique flavor!_

Growing up, one of my favourite foods was Mom's yummy sandwiches and burgers
made with **_mustard paste_**. It was often part of our _**healthy snack**
**sandwiches**_ for school recess. The **_sweet and spicy flavour of this
paste_** or sauce goes well with a number of foods. And mom had a secret
ingredient that made the paste tastier and richer.

## What ingredients do you need to make Mustard Paste?

Mustard Seeds (Rai in Hindi), Dry Kashmiri Chillies or Red Chillies, 1 pod of
Garlic, Sugar, Salt, Cashewnuts or Peanuts and Wine or Vinegar.

## How to make home-made Mustard Paste

The **_secret to making the mustard sauce richer the way my mom does is to add
cashewnuts or peanuts_** to it. Of course, cashewnuts trump peanuts any day.
But both will work.

In a Mixer-Grinder, grind the cashewnuts or peanuts to a paste along with the
salt and sugar. Next, add the Mustard Seeds, dry red Kashmiri Chillies and
garlic flakes. If you do not have _Kashmiri Chillies,_ you can use any spicy
red chillies that are available in your area. Lastly, add in the vinegar and
grind to a paste.

Depending on the thickness and tanginess of the paste, you can add more
vinegar. Also, it's up to you whether you want to get the paste really fine or
coarse. We love the texture when it's a bit coarse; much like we love chunky
peanut butter more than creamy peanut butter.

And the mustard paste is ready to use!

Home-made Mustard Paste

## What you'll love about this recipe

  * Once prepared, **_you can refrigerate mustard paste for a few months_** and use the paste to make various dishes.
  * It takes **_just 10 minutes to prepare_**.

## Cooking Tips, Tricks and Substitutions

  * You can replace the Vinegar with Wine or Sour limes. We often use our homemade port wine to give it that kick.
  * You can use either Cashews or Peanuts for this recipe, but cashew nuts are richer. 
  * If you don't want to use nuts, substitute with an equal quantity of mustard.

## FAQ's about Mustard Paste

### What is Mustard made from?

Mustard is made from Mustard seeds that come from the plant.

### Where does Mustard Originate from?

It is believed to have been around since 1800BC at the Indus Valley
Civilisation. It was also used by the Egyptians, Romans, and Greeks in days
past before it became popular everywhere.

### Is Mustard hot?

Mustard has a pungent flavor. Some say it tastes a lot like wasabi or
horseradish.

### How do you make Mustard paste?

You grind all the ingredients in a grinder. There's no stove time involved.

### What do I use Mustard paste for?

Mustard paste can be used as a condiment for a number of different dishes. Add
it to sandwiches, wraps, salads, and meat dishes. We've used it in this
mustard chicken recipe.

## Other recipes you might like

  * Chicken in Wine and Mustard Sauce
  * Green Chutney
  * Fried Brinjal
  * Ginger Wine Recipe
  * Vindaloo Pork, the East Indian Style 
  * Chicken Tope
  * Mutton Paya or Goat Feet Curry
  * Rice Chitaps or Gluten Free Crepes
  * Date Rolls
  * Chicken Soup Recipe
  * Easy Egg Salad
  * Custard Powder Cookies

Did you love our recipe? Was it 4-star or 5-star? Please click on the stars or
leave your review below!  
  
You can print off the list of ingredients and instructions to follow for
making this recipe via the recipe card below (for home use only).  
  
You can also tag us on Instagram or join TheWingedFork Facebook group and
share your lovely food pics and results of your food experiments there!

## Rich Homemade Mustard Paste with Cashews

Sarah

Mustard Paste is easy to make at home and is a delicious condiment that can be
used for multiple dishes. Our recipe of the mustard paste is richer because we
use cashewnuts in it.

4.80 out of 5 Stars by 5 readers!

Click the stars to add your rating!

Print Recipe Share on Facebook Pin Recipe

Prep Time 10 mins

Total Time 10 mins

Course Chutney, Dips, Meal Prep

Cuisine Fusion

Diet Gluten Free, Vegan, Vegetarian

Servings 8 Servings

Calories 280 kcal

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * ▢ 250 g Mustard Seeds (Rai)
  * ▢ 3 Dried Kashmiri Chillies  or any other dried red chillies
  * ▢ 1  Garlic Pod
  * ▢ 2 Tablespoons Sugar
  * ▢ 1  Tablespoons Salt
  * ▢ 150 g Cashewnuts or Peanuts (See notes for substitution)
  * ▢ 200 ml Vinegar

Cook ModeToggle to prevent your screen from going dark while cooking

### Instructions



  * ▢

In a mixer-grinder, grind the cashewnuts or peanuts to a powder along with the
salt and sugar.

  * ▢

Add the mustard seeds, dried kashmiri chillies, garlic flakes, and vinegar to
the ground cashewnuts and grind to a paste.

  * ▢

If you find the paste too thick, add more vinegar and run the mixer-grinder
for another minute.

  * ▢

The paste can be fine or coarsely ground depending on how you like it.

  * ▢

Store in the regrigerator or use straight away.

### Please click to rate the recipe!

### Notes

  * You can use Wine or Sourlimes instead of Vinegar.
  * If you use port wine, it gives it a sweeter taste.
  * If using sour limes, increase the amount of sugar by half a tablespoon.
  * If you can't use cashewnuts or peanuts, replace it with the same weight of mustard seeds.
  * This recipe will store in the fridge for 3 to 4 months.

*As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

### Stuff You Might Want To Use

### Nutrition (Per Serving)

Calories: 280kcal | Carbohydrates: 18g | Protein: 12g | Fat: 20g | Saturated
Fat: 2g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 5g | Monounsaturated Fat: 12g | Sodium: 879mg |
Potassium: 360mg | Fiber: 4g | Sugar: 6g | Vitamin A: 59IU | Vitamin C: 2mg |
Calcium: 93mg | Iron: 4mg

Disclaimer: Nutrition Information per serving is estimated by a third party
software based on the ingredients used, and is for informational purposes
only. It will vary from product to product, based on methods of preparation,
origin and freshness of ingredients. Please consult the package labels of the
ingredients you use, or chat with your dietician for specific details.

Tried this recipe?Share your images in our Facebook group!

### Related Posts:

  * How to Make Ginger Garlic Paste - Meal Prep
  * Mustard Chicken with Red Wine Recipe
  * Honey and Mustard glazed Roast Gammon
  * How to make Ginger Wine At Home

 __Share

 __Pin 29

 __Tweet

 __WhatsApp

 __Telegram

 __Yum

 __Email

29 Shares

Categories Dips, Sauces & Chutneys, East Indian Cuisine, Gluten Free, Indian
Recipes, Recipes by Course, Recipes by Cuisine, Vegetarian Post navigation

Where to eat in Bangalore, India

Best Churches in Australia & NZ to visit

### 3 thoughts on "Home-made Rich Mustard Paste Recipe"

  1. Louella

3 June 2020 at 2:15 AM

Cashewnuts! What a great idea.

Reply

  2. Alina

3 July 2020 at 2:13 AM

tasty

Reply

  3. Mrs. Nancy Misquith

16 September 2021 at 12:10 PM

I have just now noted down this awesome Rich Homemade Mustard paste recipe. I
am amazed to find it so simple, yet I'm sure it's going to taste yummy.
Waiting eagerly to try it, as i love the taste of these yester years recipes.
Thank you soo much and a big God Bless.

Reply

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name Email Website

  * Top 10 Things To Eat In Seoul, South Korea
  * 28 Savory Cottage Cheese Recipes & Few Sweet!
  * Murgh Kasuri (Kasoori) - Indian Fenugreek Chicken Curry
  * 17 Cottage Cheese and Fruit Recipes!
  * Shankarpali - Shakarpara - Sweet Diamond Cuts

New Recipes!

28 Savory Cottage Cheese Recipes & Few Sweet!

Murgh Kasuri (Kasoori) - Indian Fenugreek Chicken Curry

17 Cottage Cheese and Fruit Recipes!

Shankarpali - Shakarpara - Sweet Diamond Cuts

30+ Irish Soda Bread Recipes You'll Love! And More!

**Searching For Something?**

Heya, I’m Abby! I’m an East Indian foodie and travel blogger from Bombay,
India who loves baking and making homemade wine as much as I love playing in
the snow and nice rainy days. Find out more about me here.

**Find Abby on social!**  

    
    
    About Abby  • The Best Eats • Travel   • Home

Built With Generate Press © 2017 - 2022 Abby @ The Winged Fork • All Rights
Reserved. Photographs or Written Content cannot be used without our written
permission.  
Privacy Policy • Copyrights & TOS

29 Shares

 __Share

 __Pin 29

 __Tweet

 __WhatsApp

 __Telegram

 __Yum

