https://www.indianhealthyrecipes.com/chilli-potato-recipe/


Skip to content

Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About

Search

Toggle Menu

Search

# Chilli Potato | Chilli Aloo

Home >> Recipes >> Snacks Recipes

Byswasthi

61 Comments

__WhatsApp

 __Share 2K

 __Pin 781

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

3K Shares

Crispy Chilli potato just like in your favorite restaurant! Make this super
easy and delicious restaurant style chilli potato at home with options to deep
fry, air fry or even bake the potatoes. In Indo-Chinese restaurants you are
most likely to find 2 versions of this dish - dry chilli potato and gravy. In
this post I share both the versions. Serve the dry version as an appetizer or
a party snack. Chilli potato gravy goes very well as a side with steaming hot
**Hakka noodles** or **Fried rice** or even with plain fluffy basmati rice.

* * *

## About Chilli Potato

Chilli potato is an Indo-Chinese starter made with crisp fried potatoes,
tossed in slightly spicy, sweet & sour chilli sauce. It is an Indian and
Chinese fusion dish that is more commonly served in the Indian restaurants and
street stalls. Chilli potato is derived from the immensely popular **Chilli
Chicken** & here chicken is substituted with potatoes.

Much like any other **Indian Chinese Food** , this one is prepared with Indian
vegetables and spices but prepared following the Chinese high heat wok cooking
with the usage of aromatic sauces. Indians love these fusion foods for the
saucy taste, delicate crunchy texture and the addictive smoky flavors.

So this chilli potato is no exception and has a punch of flavors in every
bite. I have made this recipe for years and my kids love this a lot. Years ago
I would deep fry the potatoes because that's how it is made in the Indo-
Chinese restaurants. But years later now, I prefer to air fry or even bake the
potatoes (for a larger batch). However you fry, this chilli potato turns so
good!

To make chilli potato, first potatoes are cut to 2 to 3 inch portions, par-
boiled and then deep fried until crisp just like the way we make the **Potato
Wedges**. Then a super aromatic sauce is prepared in a wok with garlic, green
chilies, onions, spring onions, chilli sauce and soya sauce. Lastly the fried
potatoes are tossed into the delicious sauce. Sounds addictive right?

More **Potato recipes**  
 **Aloo bonda  
Easy Aloo chaat  
Aloo tikki  
Potato bread pakora  
Potato bread rolls**

Advertisement

## How to Make Chilli Potato (Stepwise photos)

### Prepare ingredients for sauce

  * Slice 1 medium onion
  * Chop 2 to 3 sprigs of spring onions, separate greens & whites (optional)
  * Slit 1 green chili
  * Slice, dice or Julienne ¾ cup capsicum
  * Chop 2 to 3 garlic cloves to make 1½ tablespoons chopped

1\. **Optional** - In a small bowl, mix ½ to ¾ tsp of red chili powder with 2
tablespoon of red chilli sauce. Add few tsps of water and mix to a smooth
mixture. Using red chili enhances the color of the dish without addition of
too much sauce or food color. Alternately you can also add only red chili
sauce and skip using the powder.

### Prepare potatoes

2\. Wash and peel 250 grams potatoes. Cut each potato to half inch slices
first. Then cut each of the slice to 2 to 3 sticks of half each thickness.
Soak them in water for about 30 minutes. To air fry or bake the potatoes,
follow this **potato wedges** post where I detail each step with a picture.

Drain and boil them in fresh water for 3 to 4 mins. They should not be soft
but should be firm and semi cooked. Skipping this step may not cook the
potatoes well while frying.

3\. Drain them up completely in a colander.

4\. Add them to a wide bowl. Sprinkle ¼ teaspoon salt, ¼ teaspoon chilli
powder and 2 tablespoons rice flour or corn starch. Even yellow corn flour
works well. Toss well to coat the potatoes well. If it is too dry, you may
sprinkle some water.

### Deep fry potatoes

5\. Heat oil in a heavy bottom pan. When the oil is hot enough, to test drop a
small portion of dough or potato. It must rise to the surface without turning
brown. this is the right temperature. Gently slide the potatoes to the oil.
Fry them on a medium heat for 2 to 3 mins without disturbing. Later stir and
fry until golden and crisp.

Advertisement

6\. When they are golden, turn down the heat and fry for a few more minutes to
make them extra crisp. Alternately you may also remove them from the oil and
then refry them. This gives extra crisp fried potatoes. Later remove them to a
steel colander or a wired rack.

### Make Chilli Sauce for Potatoes

7\. Heat 1 tbsp oil and fry 1 slit chilli and 1½ tablespoons chopped garlic.
You can also use fresh sesame or olive oil (in place of deep fried oil) to
enhance the flavors.

8\. When the garlic begins to smell good, add 1 medium sliced onion and white
parts of spring onions. Stir fry on a high heat for a minute.

Advertisement

9\. Add ¾ cup bell peppers and fry on a high heat until slightly tender yet
crunchy.

10\. Add 1 teaspoon sugar, ½ to 1 tablespoon soya sauce, ½ teaspoon vinegar
and red chilli sauce you prepared in step 1 or 2 tablespoons just red chilli
sauce.

11\. Stir every thing well.

12\. Add 3 tablespoons water to the pan. Bring it to a boil and allow the
sauce to thicken. If you like to make a gravy dish, add ¾ tsp corn starch to
half cup water. Stir it well and pour it to the pan.

13\. When the sauce thickens, taste it and add more sauces to suit your taste.
Turn off and cool down a bit. Add the fried or baked potatoes. Avoid adding
crisp potatoes to hot sauce.

Advertisement

14\. Toss the potatoes well to coat with sauce. Add spring onions.

Serve chilli potato hot while still crisp.

## Pro Tips

1\. To make the best crisp fried potatoes for this recipe always soak the
potatoes in water for at least 30 mins. Then boil them in fresh water for 3 to
4 mins until slightly tender but still hold shape. This step makes the
crispiest potatoes as the excess starch is removed.

2\. Parboiling the potatoes before frying also helps to cook them completely
from inside without browning too quickly.

3\. I have made chilli potato for this post by deep frying but you can avoid
that completely and grill them first. Then add to the prepared sauce.

4\. Coating the potatoes in corn flour makes them crispy. However for health
reasons you can also replace it with rice flour.

**Related Recipes**

### Aloo recipes | Po...

### Aloo bonda recipe

### Aloo chaat recipe...

### Aloo Tikki Recipe

### Bread Pakora Reci...

### Bread roll recipe...

## Recipe Card

Advertisement

## Chilli Potato Recipe

Chilli potato is a spicy Indo chinese style starter made with fried potatoes
tossed in chilli sauce. This chilli potato  recipe will help you to make
spicy, slightly sweet & tangy restaurant style starter. The post shares making
both gravy & dry versions.

Pin Recipe Print Recipe

1x2x3x

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

For best results follow the step-by-step photos above the recipe card

Prep Time30 minutes

Cook Time20 minutes

Total Time50 minutes

Servings4

AuthorSwasthi

### Ingredients (US cup = 240ml )

  * ▢ 3 medium potatoes (about 250 grams)
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons corn starch or yellow corn flour or rice flour
  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon red chilli powder  (more if desired)
  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon salt
  * ▢ ⅓ cup oil  (or more to deep fry)

#### To make chilli potato sauce

  * ▢ 1 tablespoon oil
  * ▢ 1½ tablespoon garlic chopped (2 to 3 garlic cloves)
  * ▢ 1 medium onion sliced (optional, if using spring onions)
  * ▢ 2 to 3  spring onions chopped (optional, if using onion)
  * ▢ ¾ cup capsicum (bell peppers diced or julienned)
  * ▢ 1 green chili  deseeded & slit
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon sugar
  * ▢ ½ to 1 tablespoon soya sauce  (naturally brewed)
  * ▢ 2  tablespoons red chilli sauce (Sweet & hot Asian kind)
  * ▢ ½ to ¾ teaspoon red chili powder or red chilli paste (optional)
  * ▢ ½ to ¾ teaspoon vinegar
  * ▢ salt (to adjust, if needed)

Advertisement

### Instructions

  * ▢

Peel potatoes and cut each to half inch slices, Slice each to few half inch
sticks. So you will have each stick of about half by half inch thickness.
Immerse them in a bowl of water for 30 minutes & drain the water completely.

#### To Deep Fry Potatoes

  * ▢

Boil them in fresh water for 3 to 4 mins until they are slightly cooked but
firm. Drain them to a colander.

  * ▢

Sprinkle flour, red chili powder and salt over the drained potatoes. Toss well
to coat the flour evenly. If it seems too dry, sprinkle some water.

  * ▢

Heat oil in a deep pan. When hot enough slide the potatoes one by one to hot
oil. Deep fry on a medium heat undisturbed for 2 to 3 mins, later stir and fry
until crisp & golden.

  * ▢

For extra crispness, you may remove them from oil and refry on a low flame.
Later remove them to a wired rack or steel colander.

#### To Air Fry & Bake in Oven

  * ▢

With a clean cloth wipe dry the soaked potatoes. Spray some oil all over the
them. Sprinkle salt, red chilli powder and flour. Mix gently to coat. If it
looks too dry, drizzle some oil and mix.

  * ▢

**Air Fryer:** Spread them in the basket in a single layer and air fry at 400
F or 200 C for 8 to 9 mins. Shake them & repeat for another 8 to 9 mins until
crisp and golden.

  * ▢

**In the Oven:** Preheat the oven to 200 C or 400 F. Grease or line a baking
tray & arrange the potatoes. Bake them for 23 to 30 minutes until crisp and
golden. Adjust the baking time as it depends on the size of your potatoes and
oven.

#### How to Make Chilli Potato

  * ▢

Optional for extra color and heat: Mix together red chilli powder, red chilli
sauce and 2 tsps water to a smooth paste. Keep this red chilli sauce aside.

  * ▢

Heat one tbsp oil on a high heat in a wok or pan. Fry garlic and chilli until
they smell good.

  * ▢

Add onions and stir fry for a minute followed by capsicums. Fry until they
turn slightly tender yet crunchy.

  * ▢

Add the sugar, red chilli sauce, soya sauce, vinegar & 2 to 3 tablespoons
water. Let the sauces begin to bubble.

  * ▢

When the sauce thickens taste the sauce and adjust more salt and sauce if
needed.

  * ▢

Turn off and cool down slightly. Add fried potatoes and toss. Add spring onion
greens.

  * ▢

Serve chilli potato hot or warm immediately as they lose the crispness if
rested. Serve as an appetizer or as a side with noodles and fried rice.

Advertisement

### Notes

  * To make chili potato gravy, dissolve ¾ tsp corn starch with half cup water. Stir and pour to the pan along with the sauces. Also add more chilli & soya sauce as needed.
  * Do not add crisp potatoes to hot sauce. Let it cool down a bit and then add them.

Alternative quantities provided in the recipe card are for 1x only, original
recipe.

For best results follow my detailed step-by-step photo instructions and tips
above the recipe card.

### NUTRITION INFO (estimation only)

Nutrition Facts

Chilli Potato Recipe

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 311 Calories from Fat 171

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 19g **29%**

Saturated Fat 1g **6%**

 **Sodium** 523mg **23%**

 **Potassium** 770mg **22%**

 **Carbohydrates** 31g **10%**

Fiber 5g **21%**

Sugar 4g **4%**

 **Protein** 5g **10%**

**Vitamin A** 1025IU **21%**

 **Vitamin C** 58.2mg **71%**

 **Calcium** 60mg **6%**

 **Iron** 5.5mg **31%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Tried this recipe?Mention @SwasthisRecipes or tag #swasthisrecipes!

(C) Swasthi's Recipes

__WhatsApp

 __Share 2K

 __Pin 781

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

3K Shares

**FOR MORE RECIPES**

Please leave this field empty

Enter & Confirm eMail ID for Swasthi's Recipes Newsletter *

Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.

  

Chilli Potato Recipe first published in September 2015. Updated in February
2022.

Advertisement

## Post navigation

Previous Previous

Oats chivda recipe | How to make oats chivda (oats mixture)

NextContinue

Sambar rice recipe | Sambar sadam recipe

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

61 Comments

__Inline Feedbacks

View all comments

buri buri zimon

  
ver nice

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   buri buri zimon

Thank you

Reply

Advertisement

Indrani Sen

  
Lovely recipe. I have a version on my website also. Loved the addition of bell
peppers

Reply

Rashmi

  
Hi..  
I want to try this recipe today. Can I grill the potatoes in oven instead of
baking? Should I boil the potatoes before grilling. Please reply I want to try
this.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Rashmi

Hi Rashmi  
Yes you can grill the potatoes. You don't need to boil them first. I would
suggest tossing the potatoes in oil first and then the flour. Then grill it.
Hope this helps

Reply

afreen

What can be d substitute for vinegar??

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   afreen

Hi Afreen  
Just skip it. There will be little vinegar already added to most sauces.

Reply

__

afreen

__Reply to   swasthi

Thx for d reply.. M gonna try it soon:)

Reply

__

Raashi

__Reply to   afreen

I tried this recipe and it was amazing

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Raashi

Thanks Raashi

Reply

Madhabika Chakraborty

  
Hi Swasthi, awesome recipe!  
Can we add Honey in place of sugar?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Madhabika Chakraborty

Yes but heating honey is not good. Honey if heated turns toxic. You can skip
sugar and add honey when the dish comes down to warm temperature

Reply

Lydia

  
Thank you for your Wonderful dish

Reply

__

Navita

__Reply to   Lydia

Hi Swati,  
I have tried your recipies many a times. They are awesome and my family loves
the dishes. Wanted to try chilli potato also. Can I do some preparation today
for serving tomorrow as starter in the evening  
Thanks

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Navita

Hi Navita  
Glad to know! You can parboil the potatoes and keep. This is good to make and
consume immediately. If you make the sauce ahead it will turn too thick in the
fridge. So you have to reheat, by then veggies will become soggy. You can chop
and keep everything ready so making it will be faster. Hope this helps

Reply

Imi

  
Awesome dish

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Imi

Thank you

Reply

Advertisement

Christopher Martin

i just got a few bags of Kashmiri Chili Powder, which i figure will be perfect
for this and related recipes i find on this amazing page!!? Agree?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Christopher Martin

Yes you can also use red chilli powder in most indian curries

Reply

Christopher Martin

  
What type of red chili sauce do you recommend for this dish? seems like there
are many types to chose from! Thanks, this looks amazing!!!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Christopher Martin

You are welcome Christopher  
Thanks  
I used maggi red chili sauce.

Reply

Drisya P

  
OMG!!!its so so so nice as restraunt one . Thanks for the recepie

Reply

Kiran

  
Super

Reply

Asi

  
Step by step with the pictures. ..  
Thank you

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Asi

Welcome Asi

Reply

Adeeba

Which chilli sauce should I use for the gravy?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Adeeba

You can use any chilli sauce

Reply

__

Adeeba

__Reply to   swasthi

I use Ching's secret red chilli sauce..  
It doesn't change the taste na?

Reply

__

Adeeba

__Reply to   Adeeba

  
I use Ching's secret red chilli sauce..  
It doesn't change the taste na?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Adeeba

Hi Adeeba  
I think ching's secret sauces are with MSG or ajinimotto included in them. So
I do not use as they are bad for health. I use maggie. Taste wise I think not
much difference, adjust vinegar and red chilli powder to suit your taste.
Beco's each brand comes with slight difference in the tang and heat. Hope this
helps

Reply

AdAdeebaeeba

__Reply to   Adeeba

Thnkuh so much mam..  
It was really very helpful

Reply

Advertisement

AIMAN ALAM

  
very nice

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   AIMAN ALAM

Thank you

Reply

Praveen

  
1st time cooked dish its really awesome tasty, hotnspicy:homemade??

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Praveen

Thanks For the feedback  
Glad to know it came out well

Reply

__

pratyusha

__Reply to   swasthi

Ur recipes are really useful to me Thank u SWATHI garu

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   pratyusha

Welcome Pratyusha  
🙂

Reply

Dhruv

Fan

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Dhruv

Thanks

Reply

Simran

  
All the recipe given in list are very authentic and easy availability of
ingredients.. very nice… highly appreciated

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Simran

Thanks Simran  
Glad to know You liked the recipes.

Reply

Prakriti

  
Wow swasthi uour recipes are awesome

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Prakriti

Thanks Prakriti

Reply

Roshni

All recipes are awesome and very deeply understanding of everything but thanks
actually it's my holiday homework but by this I like cooking

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Roshni

welcome Roshini  
Glad to know you liked the recipes

Reply

Advertisement

bhawna

wow swasthi fantastic your step by step guidence helped me a lot. i did it as
on my own. i hope your guidence will help me in future too .thanks you again.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   bhawna

Welcome Bhawna  
Glad to know the recipes are helpful

Reply

nashra akram

  
Thanks aa lot for helping me its make more easierfor me to cook

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   nashra akram

Welcome Nashra  
Glad to know they are helpful.

Reply

Load Rest of Comments

Advertisement

Advertisement

(C) 2022 Swasthi's Recipes

Insert

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Popular RecipesExpand child menuExpand

    * Matar Paneer
    * Butter Chicken
    * Chana Masala
    * Dal Makhani
    * Gobi Manchurian
    * Chicken Tikka Masala
  * SocialExpand child menuExpand

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Twitter
    * Pinterest
    * Youtube

Toggle Menu Close

Search for:

Search

