https://www.cookclickndevour.com/chilli-potato-dry-recipe/


  * About Me
  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Privacy policy

  *   *   *   * 

Cook Click N Devour!!!

Easy Vegetarian & Vegan Recipes For Everyone

  * About Me
  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Privacy policy

Home / Snacks and Starters Recipes / **Crispy Chilli Potato Recipe (Vegan)**

Published: September 19, 2020 | Updated December 14, 2020 | By Harini

# Crispy Chilli Potato Recipe (Vegan)

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

Crispy chilli potato are a super addictive Chinese starter or snack with
potatoes. Most popular Chinese snack or starter.

Here you have crispy fried potatoes tossed in delicious max sticky sweet and
spicy sauce and finished with a generous dose of toasted sesame seeds.
Addictive is the word!

Serve this vegan chilli potato with fried rice, tofu fried rice, sesame
noodles, noodles or eat as such with a side of hot sauce, yummy in every way!

## Crispiest Ever Chilli Potatoes!

Crispy chilli potatoes are what I have for you today, you hear right "crispy"
ðŸ™‚ Yep no soggy sad potato fingers drenched in sauce business here.

Can you just make it out from the pictures how crispy these are. These
potatoes are tossed in sauce and not drenched :).

It is easy to make perfect and best chilli potato at home, all you need are
few potatoes and those basic sauces used in Chinese cooking.

Spend around 30-40 minutes and there you got yourself a plate of piping hot
crispy chilli potatoes straight from your favorite Chinese restaurant, in fact
better!.

If you are familiar with Indo Chinese cuisine you probably know what's the
deal with chilli recipes. We have them with every possible ingredient. Chilli
paneer, chilli gobi, chilli baby corn, chilli mushroom, you name it. This
chilli potato is also prepared in the similar way.

I have kept this chilli potato recipe vegan, but you can easily add honey
instead of maple in this recipe and make honey chilli potato.

Honey chilli potato is a very popular variation of classic chilli potato. The
honey chilli sauce is such a keeper that you will want to add it in
everything. Here instead of honey I have used maple as I really do not prefer
to heat honey.

This crispy snack is always a hit with kids, they just love it.

The recipe I am sharing here is the authentic one where you need to fry the
potatoes in oil. However if you make this frequently or to avoid oil, you can
easily bake or air fry them. Further toss the fried potatoes in honey chilli
sauce or maple chilli sauce.

Serve crispy chilli potatoes as soon as you make it for best flavor and taste.

## This Chilli Potato Is

_Super addictive, you just can 't stop at one or one plate ðŸ™‚_

_vegan & can be made gluten free _

_can be made as honey chilli sauce_

_simple recipe with less ingredients_

_just like the ones from Chinese restaurants_

Making this recipe is super easy to make crispiest potato chilli you need to
keep in mind few pointers and tips. Right from selecting the right kind of
potato to oil temperature for deep frying, everything matters.

In this post I have covered all the points and the recipe is super detailed.
Please go through the tips and step wise pictures for better understanding.

## Ingredients You Will Need

To make this recipe you need very few ingredients. It involves some prep time
like soaking the potatoes in water for 20 minutes. The total time for this
recipe is anywhere between 45-50 minutes. Now to the ingredients.

For fried potatoes you will need

  * potatoes
  * corn flour
  * red chilli paste
  * salt
  * oil

For sweet and spicy sauce

  * maple (see notes for substitutes)
  * ginger garlic
  * red chilli paste
  * soy sauce
  * rice vinegar
  * salt
  * tomato ketchup (see notes for substitutes)

## How To Make Chili Potato?

To make this recipe you first begin with preparing the potatoes.

Scrub and peel of the skin from the potatoes. Chop them as how you would for
french fries. You can keep them a bit thick if you prefer. Soak them in salted
water for 20 minutes to get rid of starch as much as possible.

Combine potato fingers, corn flour, chili paste and salt in a bowl. Add the
hot oil and fry until crispy. Set aside.

To make sweet and spicy sauce, Fry ginger garlic in hot oil, add chili paste,
onions, bell peppers and saute. Add maple, salt and freshly cracked pepper
corn. If you want to make honey chili sauce add honey instead of maple.

Mix and cook until the sauce bubbles. I do not prefer to add corn flour slurry
as it makes a pasty sauce.

Once the sauce is bubbly and thick, toss the fried potatoes and mix. Serve
topped with sesame seeds and chopped spring onion greens.

See step by step instructions and notes below for more details and tips.

## Tips On Preparing Potatoes

**Choose the right variety of potato** - for this recipe you need potatoes
that are less starchy. Use varieties like russet for Yukon gold.

Here I have used potatoes with fresh golden skin as they are most suited for
frying.

**Preparing potatoes-** In this recipe, we are soaking the chopped potatoes in
cold water for 20 to 30 minutes. This is a very important step, do not skip
it.

Soaking the potatoes in cold water removes all the starch from the potatoes,
making them super crispy and non sticky.

After soaking the potatoes for given time, you will find starch accumulated on
top. We need to drain that and rinse the potatoes 2-3 ties until the water
turns clear.

**Dry the potatoes for 5 minutes-** After rinsing them clear, spread the
potatoes on a plate and let sir for 5 minutes. This will remove the excess
moisture from them.

Do not par boil the potatoes- If you are used to par boiling the chopped
potatoes for chilli potato recipe, please refrain from doing so and fry them
directly.

This method yields you super crispy fried potato that say crispier for long
time.

## More Tips & Substitutes

**Maple substitutes for chilli sauce** - In this chilli potato recipe I have
used maple syrup in the sauce as sweetener. Instead of maple syrup you can use
brown sugar or even regular sugar.

**How to make honey chilli potato-** on the other hand, if you want make
traditional honey chilli potatoes recipe just use honey instead of maple in
this recipe.

**Tomato ketchup substitutes** - A small quantity of tomato ketchup is used
for color, slight sweet taste and flavor. If tomato ketchup is not available
you can use tomato paste or sauce.

Instead deep frying the potatoes you can use air fried potato or even bake
them in this potato recipe. You can refer this oven fried potatoes recipe for
baking instructions.

## Step By Step Method

Rinse and scrub the peel off the potatoes. Cut into medium sized fingers. Soak
them in cold water for 20-30 minutes.

Drain and rinse 2-3 times thoroughly in cold running water. Spread on a plate
for 5 minutes.

Toss the potatoes in a wide bowl. Add corn flour, red chilli paste, pepper
powder and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Add 2 -3 teaspoons water and mix. Instead of
corn flour you can add rice flour for chilli potato recipe.

Rice flour or corn flour adds crispiness to the potato.

Heat oil to fry the potatoes. Add the batter coated potatoes in small batches
and deep fry in medium flame until golden.

Spread on a tissue as single layer and keep aside until we make maple or honey
chilli sauce for chilli potato.

To make chilli sauce for chilli potato heat sesame oil in a broad wok or pan.

Add minced ginger garlic and red chilli paste. Saute and fry well for a
minute.

Add finely chopped onions and thinly sliced green bell peppers.

Mix well and saute for a minute. Add the ingredients for maple or honey chilli
sauce one by one quickly. I have used maple here.

Add maple or honey, rice vinegar, salt, soy sauce, tomato ketchup. we have
added red chilli paste and ginger garlic earlier.

Saute all the ingredients in high heat for 3-4 minutes until the sauce
bubbles. If you want a thicker sauce, you can add 1/4 cup corn flour slurry
here.

Once the sauce is thick and bubble, add the fried potatoes.

Mix well and toss in high heat for 2 minutes. Add toasted sesame seeds to the
prepared chilli potato

Mix well, add chopped spring onion greens and serve chili potatoes immedietly.

## You Might Also Like

Potato croquettes

batata vada

aloo tikki

Aloo paratha

vegetable stir fry

## Crispy Chilli Potato Recipe (Vegan)

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

Harini

Crispy chilli potato are a super addictive Chinese starter or snack with
potatoes. Most popular Chinese snack or starter. Here you have crispy fried
potatoes tossed in delicious max sticky sweet and spicy sauce and finished
with a generous dose of toasted sesame seeds. Addictive is the word!

4.34 from 3 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 20 mins

Cook Time 20 mins

Total Time 40 mins

Course Appetizer, sanck, starter

Cuisine Asian, Chinese, Indo chinese

Servings 3

Calories 230 kcal

#### 1 CUP = 250 ml

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

#### For Frying Potatoes

  * â–¢ 3 large potatoes Peeled and sliced into medium thick fingers
  * â–¢ 2 tablespoons corn flour
  * â–¢ 1 teaspoon red chilli paste
  * â–¢ 1/2 teaspoon salt
  * â–¢ 1/2  teaspoon freshly cracked black peppercorns
  * â–¢ 1/2 teaspoon salt

#### For Sweet and Spicy Sauce

  * â–¢ 2 tablespoons sesame oil toasted preferably
  * â–¢ 2 teaspoons cminced ginger garlic preferably fresh
  * â–¢ 1 teaspoon red chilli paste
  * â–¢ 1 large onion thinly sliced
  * â–¢ 1/2 green bellpepper thinly sliced
  * â–¢ 2 teaspoons soy sauce
  * â–¢ 2 teaspoons tomato ketchup
  * â–¢ 2 tablespoons maple syrup or honey
  * â–¢ 1 tablespoon rice vinegar
  * â–¢ salt to taste
  * â–¢ 2 tablespoons sesame seeds
  * â–¢ 2 tablespoons finely chopped spring onions

### Instructions



  * Rinse and scrub the peel off the potatoes. Cut into medium sized fingers. Soak them in cold water for 20-30 minutes.

  * Drain and rinse 2-3 times thoroughly in cold running water. Spread on a plate for 5 minutes.

  * Toss the potatoes in a wide bowl. Add corn flour, red chilli paste, pepper powder and 1/2 teaspoon salt. Add 2 -3 teaspoons water and mix well.

  * Heat oil for deep frying. Add the batter coated potatoes in small batches and deep fry in medium flame until golden.

  * Spread on a tissue as single layer until we make maple or honey chilli sauce. To make chilli sauce heat sesame oil in a broad wok or pan. Add minced ginger garlic and red chilli paste. Saute and fry well for a minute.

  * Add sliced onions and thinly sliced green bell peppers.

  * Mix well and saute for a minute. Add the ingredients for maple or honey chilli sauce one by one quickly. I have used maple here.

  * Add maple or honey, rice vinegar, salt, soy sauce, tomato ketchup. we have added red chilli paste and ginger garlic earlier.

  * Saute all the ingredients in high heat for 3-4 minutes until the sauce bubbles. If you want a thicker sauce, you can add 1/4 cup corn flour slurry here.

  * Mix well and toss in high heat for 2 minutes. Add toasted sesame seeds.

  * Mix well, add chopped spting onion greens and serve chili potatoes immedietly.

### Notes

 **Maple substitutes for chilli sauce** - In this chilli potato recipe I have
used maple syrup in the sauce as sweetener. Instead of maple syrup you can use
brown sugar or even regular sugar.

**How to make honey chilli potato-** on the other hand, if you want make
traditional honey chilli potatoes recipe just use honey instead of maple in
this recipe.

**Tomato ketchup substitutes** - A small quantity of tomato ketchup is used
for color, slight sweet taste and flavor. If tomato ketchup is not available
you can use tomato paste or sauce.

Instead deep frying the potatoes you can use air fried potato or even bake
them in this potato recipe. You can refer this oven fried potatoes recipe for
baking instructions.

To make this recipe gluten free use tamari instead of soy sauce.

### Nutrition

Serving: 3gCalories: 230kcal

Keyword Chilli Potato, honey chilli potato

Tried this recipe? Snap a pic and share ðŸ™‚Mention cookclickndevou or tag
cookclickndevour

681 shares

  * Share4
  * Pin676
  * Yummly
  * Flipboard
  * Twitter

Shared by Harini

#### About Harini

I am Harini. The recipe developer, food photographer and chef behind cook
click n devour. My aim behind this blog is to provide easy, tried and tested
recipes that beginners can cook with confidence. I took keen interest in
cooking and took courses on cooking, baking during teens purely out of
passion. With a decade of cooking experience I am glad to share my recipes and
culinary knowledge with you all here. Stay tuned and happy cooking!  
Harini :)

### Comments

  1. gupta says

January 29, 2018 at 7:37 pm

  
Chilli paneer looks totally yum. Lovely recipe.

  2. Rochelle Sharon Wilder says

January 21, 2022 at 9:01 pm

Your recipes are amazing. Please make more recipes without oil.

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

#### Hello, I am Harini

The chef, author and photograper of cook click n devour. Here you'll find
tried & tested vegetarian recipes with step by step photos and videos to make
cooking a pleasure and fulfilling experience. Happy cooking!

Read More

#### Popular Recipes

#### As Seen In

AboutContactPrivacy

Copyright Â©2022, Cook Click N Devour!!!. All Rights Reserved.

