https://recipesofhome.com/honey-chilli-potato-recipe/


Skip to content

###  Recipes Of Home

__

  * HOME
  * CHICKEN
  * DRINK
  * SNACK
  * RICE
  * VEGETARIAN
    * PANEER
  * SWEET
  * SOUP
  * ARTICLE
    * Recipe Collections
    * Kitchen Tips
    * Food Facts
    * Ingredients
  * WEB STORIES

Home » Vegetarian » chilli potato recipe ( honey chilli potato )

Vegetarian Latest

#  Chilli potato recipe | Honey chilli potato recipe

__ July 28, 2022July 28, 2022 __ Koushik  __0 Comments

**Chilli potato recipe** is one of the popular **Indo Chinese recipes** where
fried crispy potatoes are tossed in sweet and sour spicy sauce, along with
onion and capsicum gravy. This **honey chilli potato** **recipe** is not only
very delicious but also very easy to make at home. In this post, you will
learn **how to make chilli potato?**

The method of this **honey chilli potato recipe** is the same as other indo
chinese recipes including **chilli paneer** , **chilli chicken** , **veg
manchurian** etc.

If you are a beginner and want to cook indo chinese recipe first time then you
are in right place, here you will know how to make chilli potato at home.

**Note :** if you are in a hurry, **feel free to click on the following
links** to check your desired topic.If you’d like to see our in-depth step by
step recipe preparation keep reading!

Table of Contents

__

  * What is chilli potato?
  * Serving ideas
  * Important tips
  * How to make chilli potato
    * Ingredients

## **What is chilli potato?**

**Chilli potato** or **honey chilli potato recipe** is one of the popular indo
chinese recipes made with crispy fried potato sticks tossed in a sweet and
sour spicy sauce made with red chili sauce, soy sauce, a pinch of salt, sugar,
vinegar, a slurry of cornflour-water and cubed onion, capsicum.

Though this recipe is a semi dry chilli potato version, however, if you want
to cook chilli potato gravy as a main dish with fried rice or noodles, just
increase the cornflour slurry, spices, sauces and proportion amount of water.

## **What to serve with chilli potato?**

**Chilli potato** and **veg fried rice ** or veg noodles is the best combo
dish you can prefer otherwise it also serves best with roti, paratha,
**naan**.

**⇒ Must Check Recipes**

  * **Chicken masala**
  * **Butter chicken**
  * **Kadai chicken**
  * **Chicken korma**
  * **Chicken 65**
  * **Chicken chettinad **
  * **Chicken biryani **
  * **Chicken manchurian**
  * **Chicken fried rice**
  * **Veg hakka noodles**
  * **Chicken momos**
  * **Veg momos**

## **Tips to make honey chilli potato recipe**

  * **_Best Potatoes:_ **The best potatoes to cook **honey chilli potato recipe** is the **gold standard russet potato** or choose **any starchiest potatoes** , which generally have tough thick skins. Avoid wax potatoes, as these have a lower starch content and become hollow when fried as the water evaporates.

  * **_Soak Potatoes:_** **Soaking potatoes in cold water** help potatoes **to remove excess starch from the exterior** and it also helps in creating the crisp exterior in our french fry. 

  * **_Cooking Method:_** For **crispy honey chilli potato** fry the potatoes at 300 F to make them crispy and slightly golden brown from the outside. Make sure don’t burn the potato fries.  

  * **_Choice of Oil: _**I suggest you **can use any type of odourless and high smoke point oil** for example vegetable oil, sunflower oil, peanut oil, canola oil etc. Never use mustard oil which we most use in indian kitchen it drastically changes the flavour of french fries.

**More Recipes You May Love**

  * Chilli paneer recipe | How to…
  * Kadai chicken recipe | Chicken…
  * Veg fried rice recipe | How to…
  * Veg manchurian recipe | Veg…
  * Veggie burger recipe | Veg…
  * Matar paneer recipe | Mutter…

## **How to make chilli potato**

Here, the complete recipe for chilli potato preparation is classified into
three simple categories **first one** is **preparing potatoes for chilli
potato** ,

the **second one** is **frying potatoes for chilli potato** recipe and the
**last one** is **making honey chilli potato** recipe.

so, let’s make it now.

### **Preparing potatoes for chilli potato**

**1.** At first, thoroughly wash 4 large potatoes then peel the potatoes with
a peeler for chilli potato.

**2.** After that hold each potato in one hand and cut the potatoes vertically
slice off 1/2 inch thickness,

**3.** Then rest the flat sides and cut each side into vertical sticks or
lengthwise into equal thickness.

**4.** To make crispy honey chilli potato pour these potatoes into a large
bowl of water and soak them in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour to remove
extra starch from them.

**5.** Now pour water into a large Kadai , sprinkle a pinch of salt and boil
the water for some time, when the water starts boiling, take out the potatoes
from the refrigerator place them in hot water and blanch the potatoes for at
least 3 min.

**6.** Next drain the water and place the blanched potatoes on a kitchen cloth
and completely dry the blanched potatoes with this cloth.  

**7.** Now in a large bowl add this blanched potato, sprinkle 4 tbsp
cornstarch powder in it, a pinch of black pepper powder, salt and 1/2
tablespoon of red chili powder, and a pinch of yellow food colour.  

**8.** Now mix all of the ingredients properly, if possible don’t use your
hand, just shake the bowl with two hands.

### **Frying potatoes for chilli potato recipe**

**1.** Now for frying potatoes for chilli potato recipe heat 600 ml oil in a
large Kadai.

**2.** When oil is hot gently put coated potatoes in oil one by one. Now fry
the potatoes in medium flame till they become completely crispy from the
outside and juicy from the inside.

**3.** After that take them out and drain the french fries on kitchen tissue.
Finally our fried potatoes are ready for crispy honey chilli potato.  

### **How to make honey chilli potato**

**1.** At first for making honey chilli potatoes recipe, heat 4 to 5 tbsp oil
in a pan and spread it evenly in medium flame.

**2.** Next add 1 tbsp chopped ginger-garlic. Saute in medium to low flame
until the raw smell of ginger-garlic goes away.

**3.** Now add a layer of separated onion add cube cut capsicum and fry for
another 3 to 4 min in medium flame then cook in medium flame 5 min until onion
becomes slightly golden brown and capsicum becomes soft but crunchy.  

**4.** Also add chopped green chilli.  

**5.** Next add 1 teaspoon red chili powder, 2 tablespoons red chili sauce,
and 1 tablespoon soy sauce.

**6.** Also add 2 teaspoons vinegar and  

**7.** Pour a dash of water, and mix everything for 1 to 2 min in medium
flame.  

**8.** Now make a quick stir of everything and simmer the sauce for another 3
to 4 min in medium to low flame.

**9.** Next pour cornflour slurry made of 1 tablespoon cornstarch and 6
tablespoons water and mix properly.  

**10.** Now add 1 teaspoon salt and adjust later if required.  

**11.** To balance out the taste of chilli sauce adds 2 tbsp honey and for
bright colour 1 teaspoon kashmiri red chili powder.  

**12.** Finally, add fried potatoes to this chili gravy.

**13.** Mix everything in medium to high flame for up to 2 to 3 min until all
the fried potatoes mix completely in gravy, for garnishing this **chilli
potato recipe** add spring onions and chopped coriander leaves.

**Chilli Potato Recipe Card**

Here is a quick overview of all the ingredients of **chilli potato recipe**
including quick step by step preparation of **honey chilli potato recipe**
shown **in the recipe card**.

**Take note of all ingredient lists. **

Yield: 4

## Chilli potato recipe ( Honey chilli potato recipe )

Print

**Chilli potato recipe** is one of the popular indo chinese recipe made of
fried potatoes tossed in sweet and sour chilli gravy.Try this **honey chilli
potato recipe** by following below step by step instructions.

**Prep Time** 35 minutes

**Cook Time** 25 minutes

**Freezing Time** 1 hour

**Total Time** 2 hours

### Ingredients

#### Ingredients for chilli potato recipe

  * 4 large potatoes [ Russet , Maris piper , Idaho ] 
  * 1 liter oil 
  * 4 tablespoons cornstarch 
  * 2 teaspoons red chili powder 
  * 1 teaspoon black pepper powder 
  * salt to taste 
  * pinch of yellow food color 

#### Other ingredients for honey chilli potato

  * 4 tablespoons oil 
  * 1 tablespoon chopped ginger garlic 
  * 1 medium size onion layer separated 
  * 1 medium size capsicum cube cut 
  * 2 green chilis [ chopped ] 
  * 2 tablespoons red chilli sauce 
  * 1 tablespoon soy sauce 
  * 2 teaspoons vinegar 
  * 2 tablespoons honey 
  * 3 tablespoons chopped spring onions [ optional ] 
  * 3 tablespoons chopped coriander leaves 
  * 1 teaspoon roasted seasme seed [Til ] [ optional ] 

### Instructions

#### **how to make chilli potato**

  1. At first, for making chilli potato thoroughly wash 4 large potatoes then peel the potatoes with a peeler.
  2. After that cut each potato into vertical sticks or lengthwise into equal thickness of 1/2 inch.
  3. Next pour these potatoes in a large bowl of water and soak them in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour to remove extra starch from it.
  4. Now pour water into a large kadai pour water, sprinkle a pinch of salt and boil the water for some time.
  5. When water starts boiling, take out the potatoes from the refrigerator and gently place them in this hot water.
  6. Now blanch the potatoes for at least 3 min.
  7. Next, drain the water and place the blanched potatoes on kitchen cloth and completely dry the blanched potatoes with this cloth.
  8. Now in a large bowl add this blanch potato, sprinkle cornstarch powder, a pinch of black pepper powder, salt and red chili powder, pinch of yellow food colour.
  9. Now just shake the bowl with two hands and mix all of the ingredients properly.
  10. Now for frying potatoes for chilli potato recipe heat oil in a large kadai.
  11. When oil is hot gently put coated potatoes in oil one by one.
  12. Now fry the potatoes in medium flame till they become completely crispy from the outside and juicy from the inside.
  13. After that take them out and drain the french fries on kitchen tissue.
  14. Now for making **honey chilli potato recipe ,** heat 4 to 5 tbsp oil in a pan and spread it evenly in medium flame.
  15.  **** Next add 1 tbsp chopped ginger-garlic, green chili , and saute in medium to low flame until the raw smell of ginger-garlic goes away.
  16. Now add a layer of separated onion add cube cut capsicum and fry for another 5 min in medium flame until onion becomes slightly golden brown and capsicum becomes soft but crunchy.
  17. After that mix red chili sauce , soy sauce, vinegar, red chili powder **, pour a d** ash of water and mix everything for 1 to 2 min in medium flame.
  18. Now add 1 tsp salt adjust later if required, to balance out the taste of chilli sauce adds 2 tbsp honey.
  19. Now make a quick stir of everything and simmer the sauce for another 2 to 3 min in medium to low flame.
  20. For increasing the consistency of chilli potato gravy add cornflour water mixture and simmer for another 2 min.
  21. Finally, add fried potatoes to this chili gravy.
  22. Mix everything in medium to high flame for up to 2 to 3 min until all the fried potatoes mix completely in gravy, for garnishing these honey chilli potato recipe add spring onions, and chopped coriander leaves.

### Notes

#### **Honey Chilli Potato Recipe Note**

  1. Make sure you add sufficient water to boil the sauce for sometime, not add too much cornstrach slurry it will loose the taste.
  2. Must check the taste of chilli gravy before adding fried pottaoes then add more sauce, and spices accroding to your liking.

#### Nutrition Information

#### Yield

3

#### Serving Size

3  
_Amount Per Serving_ Calories 3480Total Fat 335gSaturated Fat 22gTrans Fat
3gUnsaturated Fat 298gCholesterol 0mgSodium 587mgCarbohydrates 122gFiber
11gSugar 26gProtein 12g

_Disclaimer: The information shown is an estimate provided by an online
nutrition calculator. It should not be considered a substitute for a
professional nutritionist’s advice._

### Do you like this recipe? pin it!

Follow us on Pinterest to get delicious recipes!

© Koushik

**Cuisine:** Indo-chinese  / **Category:** Vegetarian

### Recipe Collections

11 Best Punjabi Recipes | Easy Punjabi Food | Popular Punjabi Dish 13 Best
Indian Lunch Recipes | Easy Indian Lunch Recipes 14 most popular chinese food
| Easy chinese dishes 15 Best Indian Dinner Recipes | Easy Indian Recipes 15
Best Indian Vegetarian Dinner Recipes | Easy Vegetarian Dinner Party Recipes
23 best indian food recipes | Most popular indian dishes | Indian recipes 35
most popular north indian food | North indian dishes | North indian recipes
Kitchen tips : How to store cooking oils | 4 easy way to store cooking oils
fresh

  * ← Butterscotch ice cream recipe | How to make butterscotch ice cream
  * Jeera rice recipe | Cumin rice | How to make jeera rice →

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

### Trending Posts

  1. 11 Best Punjabi Recipes | Easy Punjabi Food | Popular Punjabi Dish
  2. 13 Best Indian Lunch Recipes | Easy Indian Lunch Recipes
  3. 14 most popular chinese food | Easy chinese dishes
  4. 15 Best Indian Dinner Recipes | Easy Indian Recipes
  5. 15 Best Indian Vegetarian Dinner Recipes | Easy Vegetarian Dinner Party Recipes
  6. 23 best indian food recipes | Most popular indian dishes | Indian recipes
  7. 35 most popular north indian food | North indian dishes | North indian recipes
  8. Kitchen tips : How to store cooking oils | 4 easy way to store cooking oils fresh

### Most Popular Recipes

  * Chicken Biryani
  * Hyderabadi Biryani
  * Veg Biryani
  * Chilli Chicken
  * Chicken Curry
  * Butter Chicken
  * Aloo Samosa
  * Veg Cutlet
  * Dahi Vada
  * Matar Paneer
  * Shahi Paneer
  * Paneer Butter Masala
  * Dal Makhani
  * Rajma Chawal
  * Egg Curry
  * Chana Masala
  * Punjabi Chole

### Web Stories

Moong dal tadka recipe | Moong dal recipe

Vegetable soup recipe | Veg soup recipe

Palak paneer recipe | How to make palak paneer

Egg biryani recipe | Anda biryani recipe

View all stories

### Information

  * Privacy Policy
  * Sitemap

### Navigate

  * Home
  * About
  * Contact
  * Web Stories

### Find Recipes

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

Copyright © 2022 Recipes Of Home. All rights reserved.  
Theme: ColorMag by ThemeGrill. Powered by WordPress.

__

Skip to Recipe

Moong dal tadka recipe | Moong dal recipe Vegetable soup recipe | Veg soup
recipe Palak paneer recipe | How to make palak paneer Egg biryani recipe |
Anda biryani recipe

