https://easysaucerecipes.com/spicy-sriracha-mayo/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About Us
  * Contact
  * search...

menu icon

search icon

search...

  * Easy Sauce Recipes
  * Best Sauce Recipes
  * About Easy Sauce Recipes
  * Contact

* Ã—

Home Â» Recipes Â» Spicy Sauces

# Sriracha Mayo Recipe

Published: May 12, 2022 Modified: May 13, 2022 by Isabel Laessig

 __Share

 __Pin

 __Tweet

 __Email

 _Easy Sauce Recipes is an Amazon Associate and may receive compensation for
purchases made through affiliate links._

Jump to Recipe Jump to Video Print Recipe

My homemade **Sriracha Mayo** recipe is the perfect sauce for seafood,
burgers, veggies, steak, and so much more. It's creamy, spicy, and easy to
make using just 3 ingredients. _You can customize sriracha mayo however you
like!_

Jump to:

  * Easy Sriracha Mayo Recipe
  * Spicy Mayo Recipe Ingredients
  * How to Make Spicy Mayo
  * Sriracha Mayo FAQs
  * Spicy Mayo Variations
  * ðŸ“Œ Pin it for later!
  * Spicy Sauce Recipes
  * ðŸ“– Recipe

## Easy Sriracha Mayo Recipe

I love sriracha mayo! It's a perfect condiment for adding to so many different
kinds of dishes, I just never get tired of it. My family loves it with seafood
(especially sushi), but it goes well with _so much_.

Use it as a dipping sauce for fries, top off your burger with it, make your
own poke bowl and use it as a poke bowl sauce, and slather it on veggies and
rice... this chili mayo is _the best!_

## Spicy Mayo Recipe Ingredients

  * sriracha
  * chili garlic sauce
  * mayo

## How to Make Spicy Mayo

  1. Add sriracha, chili garlic sauce, and mayonnaise to a bowl. Mix together thoroughly to combine.
  2. Serve with your favorite dishes, like grilled tuna steak!

## Sriracha Mayo FAQs

**What is sriracha mayo made of?**

My spicy mayo recipe is made using sriracha, chili garlic sauce, and
mayonnaise. It's a super simple combination with so much flavor - and you can
even customize it by adding extra ingredients if you like!

**How do you make spicy mayo from scratch?**

Making homemade sriracha mayo is really as simple as adding all of your
ingredients to a bowl and mixing them together until it's smooth and creamy.

**Is sriracha mayo the same as yum yum sauce?**

Not quite. Yum yum sauce and sriracha mayo sauce both use mayonnaise as a
base, but they are made differently and are a different consistency from one
another.

**What does sriracha mayo go with?**

_Whatever your heart desires!_ Seriously! I love spicy sriracha sauce with
sushi, grilled tuna steak, on a burger, with roasted vegetables, in a stir-
fry... this spicy mayo is so versatile.

**Is it keto?**

Yes! You can serve my sriracha mayo recipe with your keto meals for a
delicious kick. It's a great pairing with keto recipes!

**Is it gluten-free?**

Yes! All ingredients in our spicy sriracha sauce are gluten-free.

## Spicy Mayo Variations

  * Add a squeeze of lemon or lime juice for a zesty tang
  * Use Japanese mayonnaise for a sweeter flavor
  * Swap out chili garlic sauce for gochujang
  * Use your favorite hot sauce if you're out of sriracha
  * Make your own sriracha to use
  * Add minced garlic or garlic paste 

I love how customizable this spicy sriracha mayo recipe is. You can really
have fun with the ingredients or leave it as is for a perfect dip or spread.
_Let me know what you try it with!_

## ðŸ“Œ _Pin it for later!_

Did you enjoy this page? Save it on Pinterest for later!  
  

 __Pin

## Spicy Sauce Recipes

  * Peri Peri Sauce
  * Chimichurri Sauce
  * Honey Sriracha Sauce
  * Homemade Buffalo Sauce

Check out my all-time favorite sauce recipes here: Easy Sauce Recipes

**Did you try this recipe?** Let us know what you think in the comments below
or send us an email! We love to hear from you.

## ðŸ“– Recipe

## Spicy Sriracha Mayo Recipe

Isabel Laessig

My homemade Spicy Sriracha Mayo recipe is the perfect sauce for seafood,
burgers, veggies, steak, and so much more. Just 3 easy ingredients!

5 from 2 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 3 mins

Total Time 3 mins

Course Condiment, Sauce

Cuisine American

Servings 3 and Â½ Tablespoons

Calories 67 kcal

### Equipment

  * Bowl

  * Spoon

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * 1 Tablespoon sriracha
  * Â½ Tablespoon chili garlic sauce
  * 2 Tablespoons mayo

### Instructions



  * Add sriracha, chili garlic sauce, and mayonnaise to a bowl. Mix together thoroughly to combine.

  * Serve with your favorite dishes, like grilled tuna steak!

### Video

### Notes

 **Variations:**

  * Add a squeeze of lemon or lime juice for a zesty tang
  * Use Japanese mayonnaise for a sweeter flavor
  * Swap out chili garlic sauce for gochujang
  * Use your favorite hot sauce if you're out of sriracha
  * Make your own sriracha to use
  * Add minced garlic or garlic paste

### Nutrition

Calories: 67kcalCarbohydrates: 1gProtein: 1gFat: 7gSaturated Fat:
1gPolyunsaturated Fat: 4gMonounsaturated Fat: 2gTrans Fat: 1gCholesterol:
4mgSodium: 313mgPotassium: 8mgFiber: 1gSugar: 1gVitamin A: 13IUVitamin C:
3mgCalcium: 1mgIron: 1mg

Keyword how to make spicy mayo, spicy mayo recipe, sriracha mayo recipe,
sriracha mayo sauce

Tried this recipe?Let us know how it was!

Â« Homemade Buttermilk Ranch Salad Dressing

Best Burger Sauce Recipe Â»

#### About Isabel Laessig

Isabel Laessig, better known as Family Foodie and the founder of the Sunday
Supper Movement, is passionate about food and family! She is the author of the
Boujee Steak Cookbook, and hosts Family Foodie Friday on WTSP's Great Day
Tampa Bay along with other television appearances to spread her mission of
bringing Sunday Supper back around the family table in every home.

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name *

Email *

Î”

## Primary Sidebar

search...

## Footer

### Our Brands

**Easy Sauce Recipes** | Sunday Supper Movement | Best Beef Recipes | Best
Side Dishes | Best Pork Bites

### About Us

  * Contact Us
  * About Us
  * Disclosure & Privacy
  * Sign up for our Newsletter!

Easy Sauce Recipes is part of the Sunday Supper Media publishing family.

â†‘ back to top

Copyright Â©2022 **Easy Sauce Recipes**.

 __

 __

 __

 __

