https://www.chilipeppermadness.com/recipes/sriracha-mayo/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  *     * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * Twitter
    * YouTube

  * About
  * Cookbooks
  * Shop
  * Search

  * Recipe Index
  * RECIPES BY TYPE
    * BBQ/Grilled
    * Burgers
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chili
    * Curry
    * Dehydrator
    * Game Day
    * Hot Sauces
    * Jalapeno Poppers
    * Marinades
    * Pickling
    * Preserving
    * Quick and Easy
    * Salsas
    * Sauces
    * Seasonings
    * Stuffed Peppers
    * Tacos
  * COOKING TIPS
  * Pepper Info
    * Chili Pepper Types
    * The Scoville Scale
    * Hottest Peppers in the World
    * Growing Chili Peppers
    * Preserving
    * Health Benefits
    * Frequently Asked Questions
    * Buy Plants & Seeds

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * Recipe Index
  * All Recipes
  * Pepper Info
  * Chili Pepper Types
  * The Scoville Scale
  * Growing Chili Peppers
  * Preserving
  * Chili Pepper Health Benefits
  * Frequently Asked Questions
  * Cooking Tips
  * Cookbooks
  * Shop
  * About Us

Ã—

Home Â» Creamy Sriracha Mayo Recipe

# Creamy Sriracha Mayo Recipe

by Mike Hultquist Â· Mar 6, 2019 Â· 20 Comments

Jump to Recipe

  *   *   *   *   * 

_This homemade sriracha mayo recipe is creamy, spicy, and very easy to make.
It'll add the perfect zing to sandwiches, fish tacos, veggies, and anything
grilled. It's easy to customize, too! Here is how to make it._

Sriracha mayo is one of those wonder condiments you need in your recipe speed
dial list. This stuff is addictive, my friends. No joke.

Who doesn't love a good spicy mayo? If you've ever been to a taco joint and
ordered fish tacos, you've probably enjoyed it already.

Or at least some version of it. It's a pretty common addition to crispy fish.
Grilled fish, too.

And sushi. It's so good drizzled over a rice filled sushi roll. There it might
be called sweet sushi sauce or simply "spicy mayo", but it's pretty much the
same thing.

Why go out, though?

There is no reason you can't enjoy this wonderfully flavored sauce inside your
own kitchen. You can very easily make it at home with only a few ingredients.
And! It's incredibly easy to customize, which I will discuss below.

Let's talk about how we make it, shall we?

## Ingredients Needed

  * 1 cup mayo
  * 3 tablespoons Sriracha chili sauce
  * Juice from Â½ a lemon (about 2 tablespoons)
  * 1 garlic clove, finely minced
  * Salt to taste

## How to Make Sriracha Mayo - the Recipe Method

First, add the mayo, garlic and pinch of salt to a small bowl. Finely mincing
the garlic is the best way to go.

Squeeze in the lemon juice. Fresh lemon juice is ideal. You can use bottles
lemon juice, though.

Next, whisk it all together. Make sure it is nicely blended. It will get super
creamy and pinkish in color.

Taste and adjust for salt.

Boom! DONE!

It's super easy, right? I love an easy spicy sauce. Any day!

Store it in an airtight container in the refrigerator. It will keep at least a
month this way.

## Customizing the Recipe

As mentioned, you can easily make this recipe your own. I've made it a few
different ways. I love this particular version, but here are some other ways
to play with it.

### Vary Up the Ratios

You can make your sriracha mayo thicker with a more pronounced mayo flavor if
you add in more mayo and cut back on the sriracha.

Want more zing and heat? Add another teaspoon of sriracha sauce. Add or
subtract lemon juice as desired.

### Additional Ingredient Possibilities

There are many ingredients you can add or substitute to make this your own.
Here are some fun ideas for you:

  * Spicy chili flakes for extra heat
  * Cracked black pepper
  * Lime juice instead of lemon juice
  * Pineapple juice
  * Pineapple sauce
  * Hot sauce
  * Gochujang

Try making it with my homemade sriracha hot sauce recipe. You'll love it for
sure.

## Serving Ideas

Sriracha mayo is outstanding on fish tacos, of course, but I also love it to
add some zing to sandwiches, wraps, and even salads.

Use it a dipping sauce for raw vegetables or french fries. Spoon it over
grilled chicken or fish, or onto cooked vegetables. If you enjoy making sushi
rolls at home, this recipe is a must. Yes! Bring on the spicy sushi rolls,
please! My favorites.

## Try Some of My Other Popular Condiment Recipes

  * Sriracha Aioli
  * Yum Yum Sauce
  * Jacked Up Fry Sauce
  * Creamy Jalapeno Sauce
  * Chipotle Sauce
  * Chipotle Mayo
  * Comeback Sauce
  * Homemade Buffalo Sauce
  * Homemade Sriracha
  * Aji Amarillo Sauce
  * Cajun Remoulade Sauce
  * Creamy Fish Taco Sauce
  * Bang Bang Sauce

Got any questions? Ask away! I'm happy to help. If you enjoy this recipe, I
hope you'll leave a comment with some STARS.

Also, please share it on social media. Don't forget to tag us at
#ChiliPepperMadness. I'll be sure to share! Thanks! -- Mike H.

Print

## Creamy Sriracha Mayo Recipe

This homemade sriracha mayo recipe is creamy, spicy, and very easy to make.
It'll add the perfect zing to sandwiches, veggies, and anything grilled.

Course: Appetizer, sauce

Cuisine: American

Keyword: recipe, sauce, spicy, sriracha

Prep Time: 5 minutes

Cook Time: 1 minute

Total Time: 6 minutes

Calories: 76kcal

Author: Mike Hultquist

Servings: 20 tablepoons

**Tap or hover to scale**

5 from 9 votes

Leave a Review

### Ingredients

  * 1 cup mayo
  * 3 tablespoons Sriracha chili sauce
  * Juice from Â½ a lemon about 2 tablespoons
  * 1 garlic clove minced
  * Salt to taste

### Instructions

  * Whisk together the mayo, Sriracha chili sauce, lemon juice, garlic and a pinch of salt in a small bowl. Make sure it is nicely blended.

  * Taste and adjust for salt.

  * Enjoy.

### Notes

Makes 1-1/4 cup.

Heat Factor: Mild-Medium. The collection of ingredients keep the heat of the
sriracha at bay, but you'll get plenty of zesty zing factor. Up the heat level
with extra sriracha and/or the addition of spicy chili flakes or powders. Or
use a hotter sriracha sauce brand.

### Nutrition Information

Calories: 76kcal   Fat: 8g   Saturated Fat: 1g   Cholesterol: 4mg   Sodium:
122mg   Potassium: 5mg   Vitamin A: 10IU   Vitamin C: 1.5mg   Calcium: 1mg

Did You Enjoy This Recipe?I love hearing how you like it and how you made it
your own. Leave a comment below and tag @ChiliPepperMadness on social media.



  *   *   *   *   * 

Categories: Condiments Tags: Chili Pepper Madness, chili pepper recipe, game
day and superbowl parties, mikes favorites, patty's favorites, sriracha

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

  1. Tom Florack says

December 19, 2021 at 7:08 pm

  
Super easy and delicious! Used it on fish cakes served on a bed of greens.
Perfect compliment.

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

December 19, 2021 at 10:10 pm

Thanks, Tom! Glad you enjoyed it! Bring on the fish cakes!

Reply

  2. Lexi says

August 11, 2021 at 1:02 pm

  
itâ€™s soooo good but how is it 20 cals per tbsp when a tbsp of mayo is 100
cals?

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

August 11, 2021 at 1:07 pm

Thanks, Lexi. It's actually 76 calories per tablespoon, based on my recipe
card estimation. The information is at the very bottom of the recipe card.

Reply

  3. gauri says

June 21, 2021 at 4:48 pm

  
absolutely delicious added this on wraps, burgers, sandwiches, etc! However
since this was used in small amounts and for a healthier recipe we used around
4tablespoons of mayo to 2 tablespoons of siracha! This gave it a perfect
amount of zing, and creamy texture ðŸ™‚ Thank you for sharing this.

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

June 21, 2021 at 9:33 pm

Thanks, Gauri! Glad you enjoyed it!!

Reply

  4. Paige says

February 11, 2021 at 12:25 pm

  
Delicious, I had to improvise the first time and didn't have any siracha
chilli sauce to hand and nabbed a good glug of my housemates nandos extra hot
sauce Instead, second time round with siracha tasted just as good so thankyou!
ðŸ™‚

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

February 11, 2021 at 1:32 pm

Excellent, Paige! I appreciate it. I think this would be GREAT with Nando's,
too. Nice.

Reply

  5. Raiza says

May 28, 2020 at 8:17 pm

  
Hi! Can i use garlic powder instead? And how much should i put in replacement?
Thank you!

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

May 29, 2020 at 5:50 am

Raiza, absolutely. Try 1-2 teaspoons, and you can adjust from there. Enjoy!

Reply

  6. John says

April 10, 2020 at 8:52 am

  
Amazing sauce, put it on a breakfast sandwich and it was delicious

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

April 10, 2020 at 10:51 am

Perfect use for it, John! Glad you enjoyed it.

Reply

  7. Myniowska says

April 02, 2020 at 5:22 am

Looks amazing ðŸ™‚

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

April 02, 2020 at 7:47 am

Thanks so much!

Reply

  8. Bess says

March 09, 2019 at 10:31 am

  
OH  
This is so good, I did add a few chili flakes and a smidgen of green hot
pepper just for some color in it. Just YUMMY.

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

March 09, 2019 at 10:47 am

Awesome, Bess! Sounds perfect!

Reply

  9. clifford cheney says

March 06, 2019 at 2:18 pm

  
how to store for fridge , how long will it keep ????what should you put it in
??

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

March 06, 2019 at 3:01 pm

Clifford, store the sriracha mayo in an airtight container in the
refrigerator. It will keep at least a month this way. I have a section on
suggested uses, but try it on fish tacos, sandwiches, wraps, salads, as a
dipping sauce for raw vegetables or french fries. Spoon it over grilled
chicken or fish, or onto cooked vegetables. If you enjoy making sushi rolls at
home, this recipe is a must. Thanks!!

Reply

      * DoctorReesesPieces says

July 07, 2022 at 11:01 am

  
Heya! Question, how would this go with nachos???

Reply

        * Mike Hultquist says

July 08, 2022 at 7:12 am

I'd certainly give it a go!

Reply

## Primary Sidebar

**ALL. SPICY. RECIPES.** Hi, Iâ€™m Mike and I LOVE Spicy Food! Say goodbye to
bland and boring food with my easy-to-follow recipes. Letâ€™s get cooking!

More about me â†’

Mexican

Cajun

Sauces

Seasonings

### 5 ESSENTIALS FOR SPICY COOKING

Subscribe and receive my FREE email series with tips for spicy cooking and new
Recipes

**AMAZON / BARNES & NOBLE / ** **INDIEBOUND  ** **/  BOOKS A MILLION**

**AMAZON / BARNES & NOBLE / INDIEBOUND**

### Most Popular Recipes

  * Bang Bang Chicken

  * Creamy Fish Taco Sauce

  * Mexican Birria Recipe

  * Homemade Blackening Seasoning

  * Michelada Recipe - Spicy Mexican Beer and Tomato Juice Cocktail

  * Pollo Guisado Recipe (Chicken Stew)

## Footer

## NEVER MISS A RECIPE

Receive my "5 Essentials for Spicy Cooking" email series & new recipes

Search

  *   *   *   *   * 

â†‘ back to top

About | Contact | Travel-Food | Stories | Privacy | Disclaimer | Â© 2022 Chili
Pepper Madness

EXCLUSIVE MEMBER OF MEDIAVINE FOOD

