https://tastesofhomemade.com/spicy-sriracha-mayo/


Skip to Content

Search Magnifying Glass

Search for: Close Search ×

  * Recipes
    * Air Fryer
    * Appetizers & Snacks
    * Baking
      * Biscuits & Muffins
      * Bread
      * Cookies & Squares
    * Beverages
    * Breakfast
    * Desserts
    * Dips, Sauces, Seasonings
    * Instant Pot & Slow Cooker
    * Main meals
      * Beef Dishes
      * Pork dishes
      * Poultry
    * Pasta Dishes
    * Salads
    * Side Dishes
    * Soups
  * Quick Meals
    * 15 Minute Meals
    * 30 Minute Meals
    * 1 hour meals
  * Subscribe
  * About
    * Contact Us
    * Privacy Policy

# Spicy Sriracha Mayo Sauce

Posted on December 8, 2020

Jump to Printable Recipe

_A spicy sriracha mayo sauce that is slightly tangy with just the right amount
of heat. This mayo is perfect for dipping your favourite appetizers or as a
sauce for burgers, sandwiches or sushi._

Jump to:

  * What is spicy mayo?
  * Why this recipe works
  * Ingredients
  * How to make spicy mayo
  * Is sriracha mayo Yum-Yum sauce?
  * Top Tips & FAQS
  * More Mayo Recipes
  * Recipe

## What is spicy mayo?

Spicy mayo is a delicious, spicy mayonnaise that can be used as a dip or sauce
for all your favourite foods.

I love to keep a jar of this in the refrigerator and we use it for dipping
with **air fried shrimp** , fries or **tater tots**.

It is excellent as a sauce on burgers, like **quick skillet cheeseburgers** or
on your favourite sandwich.

It is also great with sushi.

**Expert Tip** - If you want the flavours of spicy mayo, but want to keep
things a little healthier, you can replace part or all of the mayonnaise with
greek yogurt.

## Why this recipe works

This recipe uses easy to find ingredients and takes less than 2 minutes to
prepare.

It is an all purpose sauce with just the right amount of heat and can be used
with your favourite appetizers, or as a sauce on burgers, sandwiches or sushi.

This sauce will keep for about two weeks in the refrigerator so you can always
have a jar on hand.

## Ingredients

You will need:

  * **Mayonnaise** - Whatever your favourite brand happens to be and you can use regular or light. Just be sure it is mayonnaise and not Miracle whip or sandwich spread as they have a very different flavour. 
  * **Sriracha** - This is what gives the sauce its spicy kick.
  *  **Honey** - Adds just a hint of sweetness and helps mellow the flavour of the sriracha.
  *  **Garlic** - I use one small clove, between half and one teaspoon. If you don't use fresh you can use half a teaspoon of granulated garlic instead.
  *  **Lemon juice** - Be sure to use fresh if you can. Lemon juice helps enhance the flavours and gives just a bit of tang.

If you are worried about it being too spicy, start with two tablespoons of
sriracha. If you like a lot of spice you can add more.

## How to make spicy mayo

All you need to do to make spicy sriracha mayo is place all of the ingredients
in a small bowl and stir until well mixed.

It will take less than 2 minutes to prepare, but will taste best when it has
had at least an hour in the refrigerator to let the flavours mellow out and
blend.

**Expert Tip** - While it can be served right away, the flavours in this sauce
will continue to develop and balance the longer it can rest before serving.
Try letting it sit in the refrigerator at least an hour before serving, or
even overnight. It will really make a difference.

## Is sriracha mayo Yum-Yum sauce?

Not quite. Both spicy sriracha mayo and yum-yum sauce begin with a mayonnaise
base, but sriracha mayo is going to be spicier than most yum-yum sauces.

Spicy mayo is a mixture of mayonnaise and hot sauce with a few added
ingredients while the base for yum-yum sauce is mayonnaise and tomato paste
with just a hint of heat.

Both are great and can be used interchangeably in most recipes, but if you
don't like much heat then you will probably prefer the mellower **yum-yum
sauce**.

## Top Tips & FAQS

**How do you make spicy mayo without sriracha?**

If you don't like the taste of sriracha, or find it a bit too spicy, then
sweet Thai chili sauce is a great option to use in place of the sriracha.

**How long will spicy mayo keep?**

Spicy mayo should keep for about two weeks in the refrigerator.

**Can I make spicy mayo vegan?**

You sure can. Make sure you are choosing a vegan mayo and replace the honey
with 1 teaspoon of sugar.

## More Mayo Recipes

  * Spicy Chipotle Mayo

  * Easy Homemade Boom Boom Sauce

  * Easy Homemade Bang Bang Sauce

  * Easy Horseradish Mayo (Horseradish Aioli)

## Recipe

## Spicy Sriracha Mayo Sauce

_A spicy sriracha mayo sauce that is slightly tangy with just the right amount
of heat._

4.81 from 63 votes

Print Pin Save Recipe Saved! Rate

Course: Sauces and Spreads

Cuisine: American

Prep Time: 5 minutes

Total Time: 5 minutes

Servings: 8 2-Tbsp Servings

Calories: 200kcal

Author: Deanna

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 1 Cup Mayonnaise
  * ▢ 3 Tbsp Sriracha sauce
  * ▢ 1 Tbsp Honey
  * ▢ 1 Tbsp  Lemon juice
  * ▢ 1 clove Garlic pressed or minced

### Instructions

  * Mix all ingredients in a small bowl.

  * Allow to rest in the refrigerator one hour before serving. 

  * Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to two weeks.

### Notes

Nutritional information has been calculated with generic full fat mayonnaise
and will vary depending on the type and brand used.

### Nutrition

Calories: 200kcal | Carbohydrates: 3g | Protein: 1g | Fat: 21g | Saturated
Fat: 3g | Cholesterol: 12mg | Sodium: 307mg | Potassium: 13mg | Sugar: 3g |
Vitamin A: 26IU | Vitamin C: 4mg | Calcium: 2mg | Iron: 1mg

Nutritional information is based on third-party calculations and should be
considered estimates. Actual nutritional content will vary with brands used,
measuring methods, portion sizes and more.

Tried this Recipe? Pin it for Later!Mention @TastesOfHomemade or tag
#tastesofhomemade!

Sharing is caring!

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin

By Author Deanna

Posted on December 8, 2020

Categories Dips, Sauces, Spices & Spreads, Recipes

Home » Recipes » Dips, Sauces, Spices & Spreads » Spicy Sriracha Mayo Sauce

## Post navigation

Chocolate Cream Cheese Truffles

Sugared Cranberries

Click here to cancel reply.

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

THIS POST MAY CONTAIN AFFILIATE LINKS. AS AN AMAZON ASSOCIATE I EARN FROM
QUALIFYING PURCHASES.

## Meet Deanna

Recipe Developer, Food Photographer

I have loved cooking and creating recipes ever since I could reach the
counter. I believe cooking should be stress-free and fun. My goal is to show
you how to cook beautiful, simple meals quickly and easily.

Learn more about me ->

### Follow Us

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Pinterest
  * Instagram

### Categories

Categories Select Category 1 hour meals 15 Minute Meals 30 Minute Meals Air
Fryer Appetizers & Snacks Baking Beef Dishes Beverages Biscuits & Muffins
Bread Breakfast Christmas Cocktails Cookies & Squares Desserts Dips, Sauces,
Spices & Spreads Featured Fish and Seafood For the Pets Halloween Holiday
Recipes Ice Cream Recipes Instant Pot & Slow Cooker Main meals One Pan Meals
Pasta Dishes Pork dishes Poultry Quick Meals Recipe Collections Recipes Salads
Side Dishes Soups Uncategorized

Copyright (C) 2022 Tastes of Homemade

