https://www.saucefanatic.com/sriracha-mayo-sauce/


Skip to content

Facebook Instagram Pinterest

**Contact** ******·Stories**

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Latest Posts
  * Subscribe

SEARCH Search

Facebook Twitter Instagram

SEARCH Search

Toggle Menu

Home / Condiments / Sriracha Mayo Sauce

# Sriracha Mayo Sauce

Posted onJune 13, 2022June 10, 2022 Updated onJune 10, 2022

0 Comments

_This post may contain affiliate links.Read the full disclosure here._

Jump to Recipe

This Sriracha mayo sauce recipe is creamy, spicy and oh so good. It's mayo
with a kick. It takes any dish you would add mayo to and brings it up a notch.
Not to overpromise, but this flavorful spicy sauce might just become your
favorite condiment of all time.

Table of Contents

  * Ingredients
  * How to Make Sriracha Mayo
  * Substitutions
  * Variations
  * Storage
  * Tips
  * More Condiment Recipes

Have you ever ordered a spicy tuna roll or a spicy shrimp tempura roll at a
sushi restaurant? You know the orange flavored sauce that gives the spicy roll
it's spiciness - that is really nothing more than this sriracha mayonnaise.
And while simple, it is delicious. Maybe even life-changing.

Sriracha hot sauce was originally created in the 1930s in Si Racha, Thailand.
While it is similar to tabasco sauce or even my own jalapeno hot sauce, it has
a uniquely addictive taste. It's thicker, and has a little sweetness from
sugar and a little zip from garlic. It's a flavor all its own.

Sriracha sauce has gone from being a gourmet market only item with a cult
following to being available in almost every grocery store in the U.S.

What is your favorite dish to serve with mayonnaise? A cheeseburger? A turkey
club? Now think about those same dishes with just a slightly spicy, garlicky
punch from sriracha flavored mayonnaise. See. Even better!

My personal favorite dish to use this sriracha mayo recipe is on fish tacos,
but feel free to use as a dipping sauce for french fries too (or you could try
this french fry sauce if you aren't into spice)! You won't be sorry.

This spicy mayo recipe is very similar to my yum yum sauce recipe on my
website, but slightly less sweet. Yum yum is a sauce of Japanese origin -
Sriracha mayonnaise is from Thailand. They are similar, but slightly
different. Try both and see which you like better!

## Ingredients

* * *

It is hard to imagine a sauce this flavorful comes from such few ingredients.
If you are like me, all these are staples in your kitchen anyways. Why not mix
them together and see what happens?

  * **Mayonnaise** : I always use Helmanns, but use your favorite.
  *  **Sriracha Sauce** : You can now readily find this in the hot sauce section of your local store. But if not, order from Amazon.
  *  **Garlic Powder** : For a garlicky kick.

## How to Make Sriracha Mayo

The instructions for this sauce are about as simple as it gets.

Be sure to check out the full recipe and ingredient list below

  1. **Step one**. Mix all ingredients together in a small bowl until blended.
  2.  **Step two**. Enjoy the sauce!

* * *

## Substitutions

* * *

  * **Sriracha** - It feels a little funny saying you can substitute the main ingredient in this sauce. You could use tabasco or another hot sauce, but it won't quite be the same. 
  * **Mayonnaise** - if you prefer, you can certainly substitute the mayonnaise for your favorite vegan mayo. 

## **Variations**

You can adjust the spice level of the sauce by adding more or less Sriracha,
or you could add a little chili powder to kick it up a notch.

* * *

* * *

## Storage

Store this sauce in an airtight container for up to a week in the fridge.
Ideally, bring a small amount to room temperature hours before serving so it
is smoother and saucier.

## Tips

  * If you can't find Sriracha sauce in your local grocery store - and you should be able to - you can order it on Amazon. 

## More Condiment Recipes

**SEE ALL**

I'm a condiment girl - you know that by now. Here are some of my other
favorite recipes for condiments.

## Tangy Tartar Sauce

## Avocado Cilantro Dressing

## Homemade Cayenne Pepper Hot Sauce

## Dim Sum Dipping Sauce

## French Fry Sauce

## Peach Mango Salsa

****NEED MORE SAUCE IDEAS?****  Subscribe to our newsletter and follow along
on Facebook, Instagram, and Pinterest for all the latest updates!

Continue to Content

Yield: 8 servings

## Sriracha Mayo

Print

Spicy and creamy homemade Sriracha mayo takes less than 5 minutes to make.
This easy condiment recipe is great for burgers, sandwiches, tacos, and more!

**Prep Time** 5 minutes

**Total Time** 5 minutes

### Ingredients

  * 1 cup mayonnaise 
  * 3 tablespoons Sriracha 
  * ½ teaspoon garlic powder 

### Instructions

  1. Stir mayonnaise, Sriracha, and garlic powder in a small bowl to combine; season with salt.
  2. Enjoy.

### Notes

**Make ahead tip:** Sauce can be made up to 1 day in advance. Cover tightly
and store in the refrigerator.

#### Nutrition Information:

#### Yield:

8

#### Serving Size:

1  
_Amount Per Serving:_ Calories: 194Total Fat: 21gSaturated Fat: 3gTrans Fat:
0gUnsaturated Fat: 17gCholesterol: 12mgSodium: 330mgCarbohydrates: 2gFiber:
0gSugar: 1gProtein: 0g

_The nutrition information provided is for convenience and as a courtesy only.
It is not guaranteed to be accurate because nutrition information can vary for
a variety of reasons. For precise nutritional data use your preferred
nutrition calculator and input the exact ingredients you used in the recipe._

### Did you make this recipe?

Please leave a comment on the blog or share a photo on Instagram

(C) Sauce Fanatic

**Cuisine:** American  / **Category:** Condiments

## Post navigation

Previous Previous

Authentic Italian Gravy

NextContinue

Dim Sum Dipping Sauce

## Similar Posts

### Roasted Garlic Aioli

### Cilantro Chimichurri Sauce

### French Fry Sauce

### Lobster Ravioli Sauce

### Easy Homemade BBQ Sauce

### Horseradish Sauce

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Notify me of replies to my comment via e-mail.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Hi, We're Harry & Jen!

We love experimenting with different flavors to create the best tasting sauce
recipes that are simple, convenient, and make getting dinner on the table a
breeze.

Popular Recipes

### Fish Taco Sauce

### Chinese Garlic Sauce

### Parmesan Cream Sauce

### Honey Sriracha Sauce

### Swedish Meatball Sauce

### Easy Potsticker Sauce

  * Privacy Policy
  * Disclosure
  * Terms of Use

Facebook Twitter Instagram

(C) 2022 Sauce Fanatic ® · All Rights Reserved

Skip to Recipe

Scroll to top Scroll to top

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Latest Posts
  * Subscribe
  * Contact
  * Stories

Toggle Menu Close

Search for:

Search

