https://www.loveandotherspices.com/spicy-mayo-sauce-recipe/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * ABOUT
  * RECIPE INDEX
  * Portfolio
  * Search

Love & Other Spices

menu icon

  * About
  * Air Fryer Recipes
  * All Recipes

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram

search icon

Search

  * About
  * Air Fryer Recipes
  * All Recipes

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram

×

Home » Salads & Dressings

# Spicy Mayo Sauce Recipe (With Sriracha)

  * Facebook
  * Pinterest

Meet your new favorite dipping sauce-the spicy mayo sauce with Sriracha! This
creamy spicy mayonnaise based sauce is excellent with fries, sandwiches,
burgers, sushi and many more. Let me show you how to make this spicy mayo
recipe in no time with just 4 ingredients!

Jump to Recipe

## What is Spicy Mayo?

Spicy mayo sauce is made with mayonnaise, sriracha hot sauce, lime juice and
cayenne pepper. It has a touch of heat, with a small splash of sweet, tangy,
and salty flavors. The ingredients in this recipe are simple, yet the end
result is amazing.

This homemade spicy mayo sauce recipe is perfect for french fries, sandwiches,
burgers, sushi, rice bowls or almost anything. They're perfect with my Air
Fryer Carrot Fries and many more Air Fryer Fried Recipes. This is a quick and
easy sauce you'll find at many Asian, sushi restaurants and also drizzled on
top of your takeaway sushi from the store.

Once you taste this sauce, you'll get hooked, trust me! And you'll never go
back to the plain old mayo again.

## What is Sriracha?

This spicy mayonnaise uses Sriracha sauce to spice up the dishes. It's a type
of hot sauce or chili sauce made from red hot chili peppers, vinegar, garlic,
sugar and salt. It's used in South Asian cuisine like in Thai and Vietnamese
food and is also now popular all over the world.

Jump to:

  * What is Spicy Mayo? 
  * What is Sriracha?
  * Why We Love This Recipe:
  * Spicy Mayo Ingredients
  * How To Make Spicy Mayo Sauce
  * How To Use
  * Spicy Mayo Without Sriracha
  * Substitutions and Variations
  * How To Store Spicy Mayo
  * Recipe

## Why We Love This Recipe:

  * Creamy, spicy and tangy
  * Quick and easy with just 4 ingredients
  * Great as a dipping sauce or dressing
  * Goes well with anything

## Spicy Mayo Ingredients

  * **Mayonnaise**
  *  **Sriracha sauce**
  *  **Cayenne pepper**
  *  **Lime or lemon juice**

## How To Make Spicy Mayo Sauce

_Scroll below for the printable recipe card and ingredient measurements_.

Making sriracha mayo is a simple way to add a kick to virtually any recipe.
Here's how to make this spicy sauce.

In a small bowl, add the mayonnaise, sriracha hot sauce, lime juice, and
cayenne pepper. Mix well until combined. That's it!

The sauce will be of pouring consistency and perfect for dipping. If you want
to use this as a dressing you need to add a tablespoon or two of water to thin
it down.

This spicy sauce can be used right away, but leaving it for a few hours will
develop its flavors.

## How To Use

Here's how you can use sriracha mayo as a condiment to elevate the flavor of
your food :

  * I love to use as a dipping sauce with Air Fryer French Fries, Air Fryer Sweet Potato Fries, Air Fryer Zucchini Chips and Air Fryer Chicken Meatballs.
  * Use it as a burger sauce like in this Air Fryer Frozen Burgers and chicken sandwiches.
  * It's great to drizzle on sushi, poke bowl, rice bowl and salad bowls.

## Spicy Mayo Without Sriracha

You can still make this amazing sauce even if you don't have sriracha. Frank's
hot sauce will be a good substitution.

To make spicy mayo with Frank's hot sauce you follow the same recipe adding
the hot sauce instead of sriracha. Additionally, you need to mix in 1 teaspoon
of garlic powder and 1 teaspoon of honey or maple syrup.

## Substitutions and Variations

**Mayonnaise** \- I use Helman's regular mayonnaise. You can use a keto
version or a vegan mayo depending on your diet. Greek yogurt or sour cream
will also be good substitutions.

**Sriracha** \- Franks hot sauce or any other hot sauce. You might need to
adjust the flavors depending on the hot sauce you use.

**Cayenne pepper** \- use red chili powder instead or paprika to reduce the
heat. Adjust the amount used depending on how hot you want the sauce to be.

**For a sweeter sauce** \- add 1 teaspoon honey or maple syrup if you want the
spicy mayo to taste sweet.

**As a dressing** \- add a tablespoon or two of water to thin it down. Use as
much as needed.

## How To Store Spicy Mayo

You can store the spicy mayo in an airtight container in the fridge for up to
a week. The flavors will develop as it sits in the fridge and you'll find it
tastes better the next day.

If it's thick straight out from the fridge, you can add some water to thin the
sauce down. I don't recommend freezing this sauce.

Love air frying? You can also follow us on  **Facebook** ,  **Instagram** , or
join our  **Free Facebook Air Frying Group**.

## Recipe

## Spicy Mayo Sauce

Meet your new favorite dipping sauce-the spicy mayo sauce with Sriracha! This
creamy spicy mayonnaise based sauce is excellent with fries, sandwiches,
burgers, sushi and many more. Let me show you how to make this spicy mayo
recipe in no time with just 4 ingredients!

5 from 1 vote

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 5 mins

Total Time 5 mins

Course Dips, Dressings, Sauce

Cuisine American

Servings 8

Calories 191 kcal

### Ingredients



  * 1 cup mayonnaise
  * 4 tablespoon sriracha
  * 1 tablespoon lime juice or lemon juice
  * ½ teaspoon cayenne pepper/red chili powder

### Instructions



  * In a large bowl, add the mayonnaise, sriracha hot sauce, lime juice and cayenne pepper. Mix well until combined. Enjoy!

  * Transfer to a jar to store.

  * Spicy mayo sauce can be used right away, but leaving it for a few hours will help the flavors meld together resulting in a more flavorful sauce.

### Notes

  * **More heat** \- increase the cayenne pepper used or for a mild flavor use paprika instead.
  * **Sweet version** \- To increase the sweetness, add 1 teaspoon of honey or maple syrup.
  * **To use as a dressing** \- add 1 or 2 tablespoons of water to thin it down.
  * **Store** \- in the fridge for up to one week.

### Nutrition

Calories: 191kcalTotal Carbs: 1gProtein: 1gFat: 21gSaturated Fat: 3gSodium:
350mgFiber: 1gSugar: 1gVitamin A: 29IUVitamin C: 5mgCalcium: 3mgIron: 1mgNet
Carbs: 1g

Tried this recipe?If you like this recipe, I’d love it if you can give me a
rating and comment! Share it with your family and friends!

« Air Fryer Carrot Fries

Air Fryer Radishes »

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name *

Email *

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

### HELLO!

I'm happy you're here. I'm Farwin, the foodie behind this blog. As a mom of
three, I know how hard it can be to get a delicious wholesome dinner, at the
end of a long day. Here at Love & other Spices, I share simple but flavorful
recipes to make it easier for you to feed your family.

**More about me** →

## Footer

**↑BACK TO TOP**

### PRIVACY POLICY

  * PRIVACY POLICY

### LET'S CONNECT

  * FACEBOOK
  * INSTAGRAM
  * PINTEREST

### CONTACT

  * ABOUT/CONTACT

As an Amazon Associate, I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2020 LOVE AND OTHER SPICES

  *   * 

