https://www.evolvingtable.com/sriracha-mayo/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * Start Here
  * About
  * Contact

### SlickStream Icons

My RecipeTinSearch Recipes

  * 

Evolving Table

Healthier spins on your favorite classic recipes.

  * Email
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

### Mobile Only

  * Recipes
    * Browse by course
      * Appetizers
      * Breakfast
      * Dinner
      * Desserts
      * Drinks
      * Lunch
      * Sides
      * Salads
      * Soups
      * Sauces
    * Browse by diet
      * Gluten-Free
      * Low-Carb
      * Dairy-Free
      * Vegetarian
      * Vegan
      * Paleo
      * Paleo
      * Nut-Free
      * Soy-Free
      * Low-Fat
    * Browse by holiday
      * Thanksgiving
      * Christmas
      * New Year's Eve
      * Game Day
      * Valentine's Day
      * Mardi Gras
      * Easter
      * Cinco de Mayo
      * July 4th
    * Browse all recipes
  * Home
  * Contact
  * Shop
  * Meal Plans
  * Kitchen Tips
    * How-To's
    * Ingredient Guides
    * Tools & Accessories
    * Health Info

Home » Recipes » Diets » Gluten-Free » Spicy Sriracha Mayo Sauce

August 19, 2021

# Spicy Sriracha Mayo Sauce

London BrazilPublished on August 19, 2021

Filed Under: Appetizers & Snacks, Dairy-Free, Dinner, Dips & Sauces, Gluten-
Free, Low-Carb, Lunch, Nut-Free, Paleo, Recipes, Sauces, Vegetarian Tagged
With: 5 ingredients or less, appetizer, Dinner, dip, Fall, Gluten free, low-
carb, lunch, mayo, sauce, spicy, Spring, sriracha, sriracha mayo, Summer,
under 30 mintues, Winter

  * Pin
  * Share
  * Yummly

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

_Learn how to make **Sriracha Mayo** with this easy recipe. The best spicy
sauce is created in 5 minutes by mixing sriracha, mayonnaise, lemon, and
garlic into creamy perfection. Use as a dip for fries, or to add a kick to
sushi, burgers, or fish tacos!_

Back when we lived in San Antonio there was this very popular restaurant
called The Cove.

We were absolutely OBSESSED with their sweet potato fries served with a side
of sriracha mayo. So much so that I would often ONLY order fries with that
addicting sauce for dinner!

After recently recreating and perfecting their **Baked Sweet Potato Fries** ,
the sauce was next in line.

So after a little tweaking and lots of taste-testing, this Sriracha Mayo
recipe was born - and ya'll! It's so incredibly good!

You may initially think this big batch will last you AT LEAST a week. But fair
warning - it tastes great on EVERYTHING!

In addition to using as a dip, drizzle it on eggs, fish tacos, sushi, or use
as a spread on **Sweet Potato Black Bean Burgers**.

But luckily this spicy mayo is so quick and easy to make, you can have another
batch ready to enjoy in less than 5 minutes!

## Ingredients

The simple ingredients you need to make this sriracha mayo include:

  * **Sriracha Sauce**. This spicy sauce is also a little sweet and gives this mayo recipe a wonderful kick of flavor. Read more below about the different types and substitutions you can try.
  *  **Mayo**. Regular mayo, such as Duke's or Hellman's, is the best tasting for this recipe. However, an avocado oil-or plant-based mayonnaise will work as well.
  *  **Lemon Juice**. Just a touch of fresh lemon juice helps to balance out the richness of the mayonnaise.  If you don't have this on hand you can also squeeze in some lime juice instead.
  *  **Garlic**. One small fresh garlic clove is crushed and then mixed in. You can also use ¼ teaspoon of garlic powder.

## How to Make Sriracha Mayo

Here are the simple steps to follow to make this spicy mayo recipe:

  1. ****Add** all ingredients to a medium-sized bowl.**

If you plan on storing the sauce for future use, you can save dishes and mix
in an airtight container.

  2. **Stir until well combined.**

Using a whisk is the best way to make sure all of the flavors are
incorporated.

## Sriracha Sauce and Substitutions

Up until recently this was a pretty hard-to-find hot sauce. However, with the
boom of popularity you can now find all sorts of brands that create this Asian
sauce.

**Yellowbird 's Blue Agave Sriracha** is my personal recommendation since it's
made with wholesome ingredients.

**Huy Fong** is a very popular brand and can be found in most grocery stores.

You can normally find sriracha sauce in either the **condiment aisle** or the
**ethnic or Asian food aisle** at your grocery store.

If you're having a hard time finding sriracha sauce, you can also use any
other type of hot sauce you have on hand.  **Frank 's Red Hot** and **Tabasco
sauce** are great substitutions. But do note, the spice level of these other
hot sauces varies drastically. It's best if you add them in smaller increments
and taste after each addition.

## Meal Prep and Storage

  * **To Prep-Ahead:** This sauce is great to meal prep ahead since it lasts for so long!
  *  **To Store:** Seal the sriracha mayo in an airtight container and keep in the refrigerator. If made with fresh garlic it will last for **up to 2 weeks** , and **up to a month** if garlic powder is used. 
  * **To Freeze:** This will cause the sriracha mayonnaise to separate upon thawing, so it is not recommended to freeze any leftovers.

## Dietary Modifications

The recipe you'll find below is already low-carb, gluten-free, vegetarian, and
dairy-free as written. Here are some adjustments and substitutions you can
make to help it fit your other dietary requirements:

  * **Vegan.** Use an egg-free mayonnaise.
  *  **Paleo and Whole30.** Find a hot sauce without any added sugar.
  *  **Keto**. You can reduce the carbs even more by using a sugar-free hot sauce.

## FAQs

****How spicy is sriracha mayo?****

This sauce is about a 5 out of 10 on the spicy scale when 1½ tablespoons of
Sriracha sauce is used or a 3-4 out of 10 when 1 tablespoon is used. Feel free
to use more or less depending on your desired spice level!

****What is Sriracha mayo made of?****

The two main ingredients in sriracha mayo are mayonnaise and sriracha. Garlic
and lemon juice are great flavor additions as well.

****Is Sriracha mayo the same as yum yum sauce?****

The two mayonnaise-based sauces are similar, however yum yum sauce is not as
spicy, and has a sweeter taste.

****Is spicy mayo healthy?****

Because this sauce contains mayo it can be high in fat. To make it healthier,
use a low-fat mayonnaise.

## Expert Tips and Tricks

  * **Double the batch.** Make extra and enjoy it for weeks.
  *  **Get creative.** Use this spicy sauce in place of ketchup on all your favorite foods. 
  * **Sub it out.** Replace Sriracha with another hot sauce to mix up the flavor. 
  * **Add and taste.** This makes it easy to adjust the amount of spice to your liking. 
  * **Store it longer**. Substitute garlic powder for the fresh garlic and keep the sauce for up to 1 month. 

## What to Serve Sriracha Mayo with?

Have some extra sriracha mayo? Use it up with these tasty recipes:

**Baked Potato Wedges**

Baked **Sweet Potato Fries**

**Sweet Potato Hash**

**Shredded Chicken Tacos**

**Air Fryer Pickles**

**Sushi Rice Bowl**

**Air Fryer Zucchini Chips**

4.75 from 4 votes

## 5-Minute Sriracha Mayo Recipe

_Learn how to make_ _ **Sriracha Mayo**_ _with this easy recipe. Use as a dip
for fries, or to add a kick to sushi, burgers, or fish tacos!_

Print Comment

  * Pin It

Course dip, sauce

Cuisine American, Asian

Keyword dip, easy, spicy

Prep Time 5 minutes

Total Time 5 minutes

Servings 8

Calories 96 kcal

London Brazil

### Ingredients

  * ½ cup mayonnaise regular, avocado-oil, or vegan
  * 1 - 1 ½ Tbsp. Sriracha sauce or other hot sauce
  * 1 tsp. lemon juice freshly squeezed
  * 1 small clove garlic crushed
  * Salt to taste, optional

### Instructions

  1. Add all ingredients to a medium-sized bowl.

  2. Whisk until well combined.

  3. Sriracha mayo will last in the refrigerator for up to 2 weeks.

  4. Serve with Baked Sweet Potato Fries or on top of a Sweet Potato Hash. Enjoy!

### Recipe Video

### Recipe Notes

  * This sauce is about a 5 out of 10 on the spicy scale when 1 ½ tablespoons of Sriracha sauce is used or a 3-4 out of 10 when 1 tablespoon is used.
  * This recipe makes about ½ cup of sauce, or 8 tablespoons.

Nutrition Facts

5-Minute Sriracha Mayo Recipe

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 96 Calories from Fat 90

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 10g **15%**

Saturated Fat 2g **13%**

 **Cholesterol** 6mg **2%**

 **Sodium** 211mg **9%**

 **Potassium** 7mg **0%**

 **Carbohydrates** 1g **0%**

Sugar 1g **1%**

 **Protein** 1g **2%**

**Vitamin A** 17IU **0%**

 **Vitamin C** 4mg **5%**

 **Iron** 1mg **6%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Note: Some of the links in this post may be affiliate links.

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name

Email

Website

Notify me via e-mail if anyone answers my comment.

Δ

### Most Recent Recipes

  * Crispy Southern Corn Fritters
  * Egg Roll in a Bowl
  * Roasted Tomato Salsa
  * How to Dice a Tomato

### Author Box - Mobile Only

#### Hey!! I'm London.

Come join me as we cook up **_uncomplicated healthy recipes_** your family
will love, learn the basics of **_nutritious eating,_** and begin to slowly
evolve..one healthy bite at a time!  

First Time? Start Here!

#### 5 Secrets to Healthier Family Dinners

Tips & recipes for getting yummy -- and healthy -- meals on the table.

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Max McCrat says

February 7, 2022 at 10:07 am

  
Delish, I'll make it again and again

Reply

    * London Brazil says

February 16, 2022 at 9:31 pm

Yay! So happy to hear you enjoyed the recipe Max! Thanks so much for taking
the time to leave a comment and a rating.

Reply

  2. Anonymous says

February 3, 2022 at 12:13 pm

  
Good stuff. I put 3 Tbsp sriacha. It was medium spice to me.

Reply

    * London Brazil says

February 3, 2022 at 10:34 pm

So happy to hear you enjoyed the recipe! Thanks so much for taking the time to
leave a comment and rating!

Reply

## Primary Sidebar

****

#### Thanks for stopping by!!

I'm London! Join me as we cook up _**nourishing meals**_ for you and your
loved ones and learn a few healthy _**cooking tips and tricks**_!

First Time? Start Here!

Save

Save

Search

Gluten-Free

Vegan

Vegetarian

Paleo

Low-Carb

Dairy-Free

Refined

Sugar-Free

Low-Fat

### Mobile Only

Gluten-Free

Vegan

Vegetarian

Paleo

Low-Carb

Dairy-Free

Refined

Sugar-Free

Low-Fat

#### 5 Secrets to Healthier Family Dinners

Tips & recipes for getting yummy -- and healthy -- meals on the table.

  * Email
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

### Recent Recipes

Crispy Southern Corn Fritters

Egg Roll in a Bowl

Roasted Tomato Salsa

How to Dice a Tomato

Cucumber Tomato Salad

Pickled Garlic

### Seasonal Recipes

Creamy Pumpkin Soup

Slow Cooker Chicken Tortilla Soup

Roasted Butternut Squash with Maple

Roasted Butternut Squash Soup

How to Roast Garlic

Chili Seasoning Recipe

## Footer

### Featured On:

Save

  * Home
  * Get In Touch
  * Shop
  * Meal Plans
  * Kitchen Tips
  * Recipes
  * Privacy

Copyright(C) 2022 * Designed by Deluxe Designs

  *   *   * 

  *   *   * 

My 5 Secrets to Making FAST Family Dinners

FREE EMAIL BONUS

Tips & recipes for getting yummy...and healthy...meals on the table

YES, I WANT THIS

