https://www.thefoodpocketguide.com/recipes/stir-fried-seafood-noodles/


__

  * __ Search
  *  __ Log in / Join

__

  * Recipes
    * Browse Recipes
    * Submit a Recipe
  * Food Magazine
  * Features
    * Cooking Tips
    * Featured Recipes
    * Interviews & News
    * Submit Cooking Tips
  * Submit Content

__

Log In Register

Lost your password?

\--Sex-- Male Female \--Location-- Cambridge Central East Midlands Essex &
Herts London North East North West Norwich Scotland South Coast South West
Wales West Midlands Yorkshire Other \--Do you currently study in the UK?-- Yes
No

A password will be e-mailed to you.

__

__

  * Recipes

    * Browse Recipes
    * Submit a Recipe

  * Food Magazine
  * Features

    * Cooking Tips
    * Featured Recipes
    * Interviews & News
    * Submit Cooking Tips

  * Submit Content
  * 

# Stir-Fried Seafood with Noodles

By: FPG

Tweet

**Author**FPG __ __ **Difficulty** Beginner

Having bags of frozen seafood and vegetables in the freezer is always a great
standby for an emergency instant supper. Whether they are mixed with spicy
rice, added to pasta or soups or simply served in a stir-fry, as with this
recipe, it will always promise to be a fast and tasty supper.

[cooked-sharing]

__**Yields**1 ServingDefault (1 Serving)Double (2 Servings)Triple (3 Servings)
__ **Prep Time** 10 mins __ **Cook Time** 15 mins __ **Total Time** 25 mins

 4 tbsp Olive oil

 2 red peppers, seeds removed and cut into thin strips

 4 leeks, cut into strips

 2 large onions, peeled and cut into thick wedges

 300 g cherry tomatoes, halved

 4 garlic cloves, peeled and cut into slivers

 A few sprigs of coriander

 4 tsp balsamic vinegar

 Salt

 Ground black pepper

 300 g dried medium Egg or rice noodles

 400 g frozen mixed seafood and prawns

1

Cook the noodles in boiling water according to packet instructions. Drain,
rinse them thoroughly under cold water and set aside.

2

In a large frying pan or wok heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil, add the peppers,
leeks and onions, stir fry until lightly brown. Add the cherry tomatoes and
cook for a further 2 minutes. Remove from the pan and set aside in a warm
place.

3

Heat the remaining oil in the same pan, add the garlic and add the mixed
seafood and cook over a high heat. Cook for 7-8 minutes if the seafood is
frozen (or 3-4 minutes if it is defrosted or fresh).

4

Add the drained noodles, reserved vegetables, coriander and balsamic vinegar
and stir fry until piping hot, season to taste and sprinkle with extra
balsamic vinegar if necessary.

**Dish Types**Main Courses

## Ingredients

 4 tbsp Olive oil

 2 red peppers, seeds removed and cut into thin strips

 4 leeks, cut into strips

 2 large onions, peeled and cut into thick wedges

 300 g cherry tomatoes, halved

 4 garlic cloves, peeled and cut into slivers

 A few sprigs of coriander

 4 tsp balsamic vinegar

 Salt

 Ground black pepper

 300 g dried medium Egg or rice noodles

 400 g frozen mixed seafood and prawns

## Directions

1

Cook the noodles in boiling water according to packet instructions. Drain,
rinse them thoroughly under cold water and set aside.

2

In a large frying pan or wok heat 1 tablespoon of olive oil, add the peppers,
leeks and onions, stir fry until lightly brown. Add the cherry tomatoes and
cook for a further 2 minutes. Remove from the pan and set aside in a warm
place.

3

Heat the remaining oil in the same pan, add the garlic and add the mixed
seafood and cook over a high heat. Cook for 7-8 minutes if the seafood is
frozen (or 3-4 minutes if it is defrosted or fresh).

4

Add the drained noodles, reserved vegetables, coriander and balsamic vinegar
and stir fry until piping hot, season to taste and sprinkle with extra
balsamic vinegar if necessary.

Stir-Fried Seafood with Noodles __

IngredientsDirections

Write Review

×

### Related Posts

  * #### Candy Can – don’t eat it, drink it! Now in Sainsbury’s

By: FPG

  * #### Get Creative: Dishes You Can Make From Bolognese

By: Evie Roebuck

  * #### BBQ HACKS YOU HAVE TO TRY

By: Evie Roebuck

  * #### Charming Cakes That Are Easy To Make

By: Evie Roebuck

### Follow Us

### Latest Recipes

Papeda- Indian StylePapeda an ancient Indonesian porridge prepared with
Saboodana as major ingredient is good for woman's health and lactating women.
Today am going to share a similar recipe which also exists in Southern India
till now from ancient days which is also summer friendly and very good
hydrating porridge.

 **Author**Jyothi Sri Pappu

TURMERIC, THYME & TOMATO WITH RED ONION VEGAN QUICHEA show stopper of a quiche
and a nutritional powerhouse

 **Author**David Ferguson

Thai Green Tofu CurryFresh, light and fragrant this curry is super easy to
make from scratch and the addition of tofu provides plenty of protein. It is
much easier than you think to make up your own Thai curry paste – everything
is placed in a nutri bullet and processed until smooth. The paste can be made
ahead and kept in the fridge for 3-4 days. It can also be frozen in ice cubes
so you could make up a batch ready for creating delicious curries in a hurry.
Adding chlorella at the end of cooking gives the soup a wonderful deep vibrant
green colour.

 **Author**David Ferguson

  * About
  * Advertise
  * Contact
  * Terms & Conditions
  * Privacy Policy

(C) 2022 Pocket Guides Ltd. All rights reserved.

__

