https://housewifehowtos.com/cook/seafood-and-noodles-stir-fry-recipe/


Skip to content

Facebook Instagram YouTube Twitter Pinterest TikTok

**Trending Post** : How to Get Rid of Mosquitoes

Housewife How-Tos

Real-world help for your home.

  * Home
  * Blog
  * About
  * Subscribe

Search

  * Get My Books
  * Recommended Tools
  * Stories
  * CleanExpand
    * House Cleaning Checklists
    * Homemade Cleaners and Cleaning Recipes
    * Common Household Problems
    * Cleaning Room-by-Room
    * Cleaning Various Surfaces
  * Declutter
  * Do Laundry
  * Cook

YouTube TikTok

Search

Housewife How-Tos

Real-world help for your home.

Toggle Menu

Home / Cook

# Seafood and Noodles Stir-Fry Recipe

ByKatie Berry July 27, 2021

This post may contain affiliate links that do not change your price but share
a small commission. I only recommend products I have personally used.

_Need a quick weeknight dinner? Your whole family will love this easy seafood
and noodles stir-fry recipe that 's ready in just 20 minutes._

Lately, cooking dinner feels like I'm a contestant in an episode of Chopped.
To minimize trips to the store, I've been scheduling two and sometimes three
weeks of meals at a time. Then I check the pantry and fridge to see what we
already have before ordering pickup from Walmart or Kroger's, depending on
where the best sale is that week. ( **Related:Pantry Staples to Keep on
Hand**.)

But, it always turns out the store is out of something I've ordered. That's
what led to this seafood and noodles stir-fry recipe.

See, sometimes the store will substitute items from my list if they're out of
something, but sometimes they don't. Other times, they include random things
that someone else probably ordered, but I did not. That's what happened
several weeks ago when they included imitation crab in my order, but none of
the ingredients for the spaghetti dinner I'd planned -- except for the
noodles.

## Easy Seafood and Noodles Stir-Fry Recipe

Let me tell you, having a hungry 20-year-old hovering in the kitchen is a lot
like having Ted Allen from _Chopped_ telling you how much time's left on the
clock.

So, to speed things up, I grabbed one of my favorite kitchen gadgets: this
julienne peeler. It makes quick work of prepping the cabbage and carrots. If
you don't have the greatest knife skills, I highly recommend getting one!

The rest of the recipe for Seafood and Noodles Stir-Fry is all straight-
forward. Slice some mushrooms, celery, and the white part of green onions.
Boil some noodles. Whisk some cornstarch, chicken broth, and a splash of soy
sauce together. Stir-fry the veg with the garlic, toss in the noodles,
imitation seafood and sauce, and let it all bubble and thicken. Then serve it
up. Who knows, your family might even applaud.

Ready to love your home again?

Email Address

By subscribing, I consent to receiving emails.

## Seafood and Noodles Stir-Fry

This quick and easy weeknight stir-fry combines vegetables, noodles, and
imitation crab in a seasoned sauce for a meal that's ready in 20 minutes.

Print Recipe

Prep Time:5 mins

Cook Time:15 mins

Total Time:20 mins

### Equipment

  * Julienne peeler (optional)

  * Soup pot for noodles

  * Colander or strainer

  * Knife

  * Cutting board

  * Large skillet

  * Small bowl

  * Whisk or fork

### Ingredients

#### For the noodles

  * 5 quarts water
  * 16 ounces spaghetti noodles uncooked
  * 1 tbsp salt

#### For the stir-fry

  * 1 tbsp extra virgin olive oil
  * 6 fresh baby portabello mushrooms sliced
  * 1 cup green cabbage julienned or shredded
  * 1 stalk celery sliced thinly
  * 2 large carrots julienned or shredded
  * 2 cloves garlic minced
  * 2 green onions sliced (white parts only)
  * 16 ounces imitation crab

#### For the sauce

  * 1 tbsp cornstarch
  * 3/4 cup chicken broth cold or room temperature
  * 2 tbsp soy sauce

### Instructions

#### Make the Noodles

  * Bring 5 quarts water to boil in a large pot. Add salt and noodles, then stir. Cook the noodles al dente according to package directions. (Usually 8-10 minutes.)

#### Stir-Fry

  * While you're waiting for the noodle water to boil, heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add oil and swirl the pan to coat.

  * Add the mushrooms and cook until they begin to release their water. (About 4 minutes.)

  * Add the cabbage, celery, carrots, onions, and garlic. Cook until the vegetables begin to soften (about 3 minutes) but don't let the garlic burn. 

  * In a small bowl, whisk the cornstarch, chicken broth and soy sauce together.

  * Strain the noodles and add them to the skillet. 

  * Stir the imitation seafood into the skillet.

  * Pour the sauce over the seafood noodles and vegetables and toss everything together well. Reduce the heat to medium-low and simmer until the sauce is thickened (about 3 minutes).

  * Divide between four plates and serve.

### Nutrition

Serving: 1serving | Calories: 632kcal | Carbohydrates: 118g | Protein: 26g |
Fat: 6g | Saturated Fat: 1g | Cholesterol: 12mg | Sodium: 3160mg | Potassium:
953mg | Fiber: 8g | Sugar: 13g | Vitamin A: 6136IU | Vitamin C: 14mg |
Calcium: 96mg | Iron: 2mg

Servings: 4 people

Calories: 632kcal

Author: Katie Berry

Post Tags:  #dinner#easy recipe#quick recipes

## Post navigation

Previous Previous

How to Find Free Firewood and Use it to Heat Your Home

NextContinue

How To Make Garlic Powder Without a Dehydrator

## Similar Posts

Cook

### Stuffed Potato Skins Recipe

Cook

### Easy Holiday Hard Candy Recipe

Cook

### Homemade Taco Seasoning Mix Recipe

Cook

### Tabbouleh-Style Turmeric Cauliflower Salad

Cook

### How To Make Homemade Cottage Cheese

Cook

### How to Cook Bacon in the Oven

### Comment Policy

Comments are moderated and may take 72 hours to appear. Not all comments are
approved and approved comments may be removed in the future if they are no
longer relevant.

### Leave a Reply  
Comments are moderated. Your comment is pending moderator approval. Cancel
reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Î”

Find a How-To

Free Email Series

  * Contact
  * Stories
  * Disclosure
  * Privacy

Facebook Instagram YouTube Twitter Pinterest TikTok

(C) 2022 Housewife How-Tos

Scroll to top Scroll to top

  * Home
  * Blog
  * About
  * Subscribe

Toggle Menu Close

Search for:

Search

