https://www.wokandkin.com/crispy-egg-noodles-with-seafood/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * About
  * Asian Pantry Ingredients
    * Herbs & Aromatics
    * Vegetables and Leafy Greens
    * Dehydrated, Cured and Preserved Ingredients
    * Dry Spices
    * Everything You Need to Know About Asian Noodle Types
    * Sauces & Oils
  * Recipes
    * Appetisers
    * Chicken
    * Pork
    * Beef
    * Seafood
    * Egg
    * Vegetables
    * Vegetarian
    * Rice
    * Noodles
    * Noodle Soup
    * Soup
    * Dessert
    * Sauces
    * Drinks
    * How-To's
    * Asian-Inspired Holidays
  * Subscribe

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * About
  * Recipes
    * Appetizers
    * Chicken
    * Pork
    * Beef
    * Seafood
    * Egg
    * Vegetables
    * Vegetarian
    * Rice
    * Noodles
    * Noodle Soup
    * Soup
    * Dessert
    * Sauces
    * Drinks
    * How-To's
    * Asian Holiday Recipes and Menus
  * Asian Pantry Ingredients
    * Herbs & Aromatics
    * Vegetables and Leafy Greens
    * Dehydrated, Cured and Preserved Ingredients
    * Dry Spices
    * Everything You Need to Know About Asian Noodle Types
    * Sauces & Oils
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

×

Home » Noodles » Crispy Egg Noodles with Seafood (海鲜炒面)

Published: Nov 11, 2021 · Last Modified: Nov 11, 2021 by Jeannette ·

# Crispy Egg Noodles with Seafood (海鲜炒面)

__Pin 150

 __Share

 __Yum 6

 __Email

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

_Our Crispy Egg Noodles with Seafood promises Chinese restaurant quality
flavors straight to your home! Break into crunchy noodles smothered in a thick
oyster sauce glaze. You 'll also love the smoky bits charred from your wok!_

## A restaurant favorite for all the right reasons

Crispy Egg Noodles with Seafood is one of the most exciting things at a
Chinese restaurant, especially when it's part of a celebration banquet. It's a
dish that keeps your mouth busy with so many textures and flavors!

Much like Dad's XO Pipis with Crispy Rice Noodles (XO 蜆煎米底), the base is fried
until gently smoky, then smothered in a seafood-infused sauce.

Now, you'd think that a Cantonese classic which tastes so incredible MUST be
hard to make, right?

Here's the answer: _Not at all!_

When you make our Crispy Egg Noodles with Seafood at home, it's the ultimate
indulgence. You'll get all the best things in one dish - **snap crunchy egg
mein** , **a gorgeous glossy sauce** and **_seafood galore_**.

Then, if you have any leftover noodles, you can serve it with Vietnamese
Crispy Skin Chicken (Gà Da Dòn), Wontons or drizzled in XO Sauce (XO 酱) for
another satisfying meal!

## Variations of a signature dish

This classic is _so_ good that you'll find it in other parts of Asia too -
Vietnam's version (called 'Mì Xào Giòn') is almost identical but for a few
differences in toppings.

It might come with fish balls, canned straw mushrooms and a different
vegetable variety. Some places also serve it with a small dish of Sa Tế
(Lemongrass Chili Sauce) for that extra kick.

Both versions are absolutely delicious, but making it at home means you get to
mix and match to make the recipe yours!

## Which noodle do I use?

For this recipe, we like to use the Hong Kong style egg flavored noodle, which
we get from Asian supermarkets. You can get them fresh or dry, where some even
come with additional flavors (e.g. shrimp or abalone).

Make sure to go for the thinner version because they will get crispier faster.

## Why this recipe works

  * Blanching the noodles gives it a chance to **loosen and prevent any clumping**.
  * Marinating the toppings keeps the flavors **bold and aromatic**.
  * Using a combination of seafood means you'll have a delicious stir fry with a **variety of textures**.

## What you'll need

### For the stir fry

### About the ingredients

The best part about this dish is that it can be adapted to what you prefer.
Any toppings can be used, including chicken, beef, pork, vegetables or a
combination of all.

### For the sauce

### About the stock

Our Crispy Egg Noodles with Seafood recipe calls for chicken stock because it
adds another level of flavor, but if that's not available then you can use
water instead and adjust the seasoning to taste.

## How to make this recipe

Marinate the seafood with the salt, chicken bouillon powder, potato starch and
pepper for 20 minutes.

**Note:** This step is optional and not necessarily done in restaurants, but
it does give extra flavor.

At the same time, soak the noodles in cold water for 15 minutes to loosen and
soften the strands, then drain.

Bring a wok or pot of water to a boil and pour the noodles in. Use chopsticks
or a fork to gently tease the strands apart. Let it sit for 1 minute.

Pour the noodles into an ice bath to completely cool, then transfer it into a
colander to drip dry. Spread everything out into a thin layer to dry faster.

Add 5 tbsp oil into a wok on high heat and tip the noodles in while using your
chopsticks to spread it out thinly. Turn it to a low-medium heat to slowly
crisp up for 5 minutes, or until golden brown.

**Note:** The thinner the layer, the crispier it will be.

Flip the noodle disc to the other side and brown for 5 minutes, then transfer
onto a plate.

Combine the light soy sauce, oyster sauce, Shaoxing rice wine, chicken stock,
corn starch and sugar in a bowl. Set aside for later.

Bring a wok of water to a boil and blanch the snow peas and carrots for 1-2
minutes or until 70% cooked. Drain and set aside for later.

Add 4 tbsp oil into the wok on medium heat and brown the garlic, ginger and
spring onions for 30 seconds.

Stir the marinated seafood in to cook for 2 minutes.

Add the blanched peas and carrots in to stir fry for 30 seconds.

Stir the mixed sauce until it resembles a liquid, then add it in for 1 minute
or until well combined and thickened.

Pour the contents onto the noodles and serve immediately as is!

**Note:** Add the toppings on first, followed by the sauce to control how much
you'd like on your noodles.

## FAQs

**Can you fry the noodles ahead of time to be used later?**

Yes, you definitely can! The frying will keep it crunchy for a few hours,
which is enough time to prepare other dishes. Just make sure to put it back
into the wok to heat up quickly before adding the toppings and sauce.

**How do you cut the carrots to have grooves?**

We used a vegetable peeler with teeth to get grooved texture on the carrots,
then we sliced it to size.

## Tips for the best results

  * **Dry the noodles as best you can.** Keeping it dry will help with the frying so that it gets crispy.
  *  **Keep the wok HOT.** To ensure a stir fry rather than a boil, the wok or saucepan needs to be hot enough for you to hear the sizzle.
  *  **Don 't overcook the ingredients. **Keep the toppings 70% cooked until the end when all the ingredients are stir fried together so they don't become too mushy or rubbery.

## Noodle lovers, check out these dishes!

  * Char Siu Noodles (叉烧捞面) - A family favourite that has the perfect balance of sweet and savory flavors, topped with classic Cantonese ingredients.
  * E-Fu Noodles with Roast Duck - Braised until all the sauce is absorbed, this celebratory dish is the best way to enjoy roast duck.
  * Scallion Oil Noodles (葱油拌面) - Simple and easy is exactly what this recipe is. With just a few ingredients, you can whip up a fantastic meal or even after school snack.
  * Gỏi Cuốn (Vietnamese Rice Paper Rolls) - Noodle parcels with fresh seafood and herbs will guarantee satisfaction with every bite.
  * Bún Chay (Vegetarian Noodle Salad) - Get fresh flavors with a variety of herbs. Enjoy each bite with crispy spring rolls!

## Want more home cooked recipes?

Subscribe to our email list and be the first to get recipe updates as soon as
they’re posted. You can also follow _Wok & Kin_ on Instagram, Pinterest,
Facebook and Twitter!

## Crispy Egg Noodles with Seafood (海鲜炒面)

Our Crispy Egg Noodles with Seafood promises Chinese restaurant quality
flavors. Break into crunchy noodles smothered in a thick glaze!

5 from 5 votes

Print Pin Rate

Prep Time: 30 minutes

Cook Time: 15 minutes

Total Time: 45 minutes

Servings: 2

Calories: 471kcal

Author: Jeannette

### Equipment

  * ▢

Ice water

### Ingredients

#### For The Stir Fry & Noodles

  * ▢ 150 g / 0.33 lb egg noodles (dried or fresh)
  * ▢ 1 1/2 tsp ginger (thinly sliced)
  * ▢ 3 cloves garlic (finely chopped)
  * ▢ 1/2 spring onion (sliced)
  * ▢ 70 g / 0.15 lb snow peas (tips cut off)
  * ▢ 1/2 carrot (sliced)
  * ▢ 5 prawns (peeled and deveined)
  * ▢ 100 g / 0.22 lb fish (we used ling fish)
  * ▢ 60 g / 0.13 lb squid
  * ▢ 50 g / 0.11 lb scallops
  * ▢ cooking oil

#### For The Marinade

  * ▢ 1/2 tsp salt (or to taste)
  * ▢ 1 tsp chicken bouillon powder
  * ▢ 1/4 tsp pepper
  * ▢ 1 tbsp corn starch

#### For The Sauce

  * ▢ 1/4 tbsp light soy sauce (or to taste)
  * ▢ 1 tbsp oyster sauce
  * ▢ 1 tsp sugar (or to taste)
  * ▢ 3/4 US cup chicken stock
  * ▢ 1/2 tbsp Shaoxing rice wine
  * ▢ 1/2 tbsp corn starch (or to preferred thickness)

### Instructions

  * Marinate the seafood with the salt, chicken bouillon powder, potato starch and pepper for 20 minutes.

 **Note:** This step is optional and not necessarily done in restaurants, but
it does give extra flavor.

  * At the same time, soak the noodles in cold water for 15 minutes to loosen and soften the strands, then drain.

  * Bring a wok or pot of water to a boil and pour the noodles in. Use chopsticks or a fork to gently tease the strands apart. Let it sit for 1 minute.

  * Pour the noodles into an ice bath to completely cool, then transfer it into a colander to drip dry. Spread everything out into a thin layer to dry faster.

  * Add the 5 tbsp oil into a wok on high heat and tip the noodles in while using your chopsticks to spread it out thinly. Turn it to a low-medium heat to slowly crisp up for 5 minutes, or until golden brown.

 **Note:** The thinner the layer, the crispier it will be.

  * Flip the noodle disc to the other side and brown for 5 minutes, then transfer onto a plate.

  * Combine the light soy sauce, oyster sauce, Shaoxing rice wine, chicken stock, corn starch and sugar in a bowl. Set aside for later.

  * Bring a wok of water to a boil and blanch the snow peas and carrots for 1-2 minutes or until 70% cooked. Drain and set aside for later.

  * Add 4 tbsp oil into the wok on medium heat and brown the garlic, ginger and spring onions for 30 seconds.

  * Stir the marinated seafood in to cook for 2 minutes.

  * Add the blanched peas and carrots in to stir fry for 30 seconds.

  * Stir the mixed sauce until it resembles a liquid, then add it in for 1 minute or until well combined and thickened.

  * Pour the contents onto the noodles and serve immediately as is!

 **Note:** Add the toppings on first, followed by the sauce to control how
much you'd like on your noodles.

### Notes

  * **Dry the noodles as best you can.** Keeping it dry will help with the frying so that it gets crispy.
  * **Keep the wok HOT.** To ensure a stir fry rather than a boil, the wok or saucepan needs to be hot enough for you to hear the sizzle.
  * **Don't overcook the ingredients.** Keep the toppings 70% cooked until the end when all the ingredients are stir fried together so they don't become too mushy or rubbery.
  * This recipe calls for chicken stock, but if that's not available then you can use **water** instead and adjust the seasoning to taste.
  * You can make this recipe your own by using **any toppings** , including chicken, beef, pork, vegetables or a combination of all.
  * Use Hong Kong style egg flavored noodle, which we get from **Asian supermarkets**.

### Nutrition

Calories: 471kcal | Carbohydrates: 70g | Protein: 33g | Fat: 5g | Saturated
Fat: 1g | Cholesterol: 202mg | Sodium: 1476mg | Potassium: 596mg | Fiber: 4g |
Sugar: 6g | Vitamin A: 3005IU | Vitamin C: 26mg | Calcium: 86mg | Iron: 3mg

Tried this recipe? Tag me TODAY!If you recreated this authentic recipe, I’d
love to see it! Tag me on Instagram at @wokandkin.

This post was originally published on 3/11/2020 and updated with new photos in
November 2021.

## Join the family!

Enter your email address

Sign Up

### Share the love:

  * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
  * 

« Bò Kho (Vietnamese Beef Stew)

Black Sesame Tang Yuan (黑芝麻汤圆) »

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Emily Liao says

November 04, 2020 at 5:21 pm

  
I've always wanted to learn how to make crispy egg noodles! This recipe turned
out perfectly 🙂

Reply

    * Jeannette says

November 04, 2020 at 5:32 pm

That's wonderful to hear, Emily! Glad it turned out well for you!

Reply

  2. veenaazmanov says

November 04, 2020 at 5:22 pm

  
Lovely dish with all the awesome combinations and sauce. Love this Bowl of
goodness. So yummy and perfect for a Happy Meal.

Reply

    * Jeannette says

November 04, 2020 at 5:33 pm

Thanks, Veena! I'm happy to hear you enjoyed it!

Reply

  3. Geneveive Zou says

November 04, 2020 at 6:41 pm

  
Absolutely love this recipe! The use of chicken stock just brings this dish to
the next level! Also, this dish looks impressive and can imagine it being very
popular at the dinner table for sure.

Reply

    * Jeannette says

November 04, 2020 at 8:24 pm

Chicken stock definitely works wonders, doesn't it? 😉 It's a family favorite
for sure!

Reply

  4. Chenée Lewis says

November 04, 2020 at 6:44 pm

  
This was full of flavor and easier to make than I thought it would be!! Thanks
for a fantastic recipe!

Reply

    * Jeannette says

November 04, 2020 at 8:25 pm

That's great to hear, Chenée! Glad it went well for you 😀

Reply

### Leave A Comment Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

Notify me of new posts by email.

## Primary Sidebar

### Let's be Friends

  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Facebook
  * Twitter

### Father's Day Recipes!

## Vietnamese Chicken Curry (Cà Ri Gà)

## Miến Gà (Vietnamese Chicken Glass Noodle Soup)

## Phở (Vietnamese Beef Noodle Soup)

## Bò Kho (Vietnamese Beef Stew)

## Hokkien Pork Noodle Soup

## Oxtail Hot Pot (牛尾煲)

### Reader Favorites

## Ham Sui Gok (Fried Glutinous Rice Dumplings 咸水角)

## Braised Abalone with Mushrooms (红烧鲍菇)

## Rice Cooker Chicken and Mushroom Rice

## Sichuan Garlic Chili Oil

## Vietnamese Chicken Curry (Cà Ri Gà)

## Sườn Nướng (Vietnamese Grilled Pork Chops)

### As Featured On

### Wok & Kin

About

Contact

Privacy Policy



  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Facebook
  * Twitter

### Food Lovers

Recipe Index

Things We Love

Subscribe



Copyright (C) 2022 · Brunch Pro Theme on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log
in

