https://www.joyousapron.com/shrimp-stir-fried-noodles/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

Joyous Apron

Tasty and Easy Recipes for Foodies

  * Email
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

Search this website

  * Home
  * About Me
    * About Me
    * Work with me
    * Contact
    * Disclosure
    * Privacy Policy
  * Recipes
  * Ingredients
    * Beef
    * Chicken
    * Pork
    * Seafood
    * Vegetables
  * Meal
    * Appetizers
    * Breakfast
    * Desserts
    * Drinks
    * Lunch
    * Main Course
    * Sides
  * Popular
    * Asian
    * Easy Dinners
    * Healthy
    * Holiday
    * Soup
    * Instant Pot
  * Free E-Cookbook

Home ¬ª Meal ¬ª Main Course ¬ª Shrimp Stir Fried Noodles

Modified March 8, 2022 Published August 30, 2018 by MinShien

# Shrimp Stir Fried Noodles

__Pin

 __Share

 __Tweet

 _ _Share

Jump to Recipe

This post may contain Amazon or other affiliate links. As an Amazon Associate
I earn from qualifying purchases at no additional cost to you.

Feed your eyes (and your mouths) on these drool-worthy Shrimp Stir Fried
Noodles.

IT'S ABOUT TIME. Time for a seriously basic, extremely versatile, 101% legit,
super yummy basic stir fried noodle dish. What in the world took me so long? I
have no idea. But these noodles are finally here, gracing us with its lovely
presence.

I love how easy it is to put together; I love the way it tastes; I love that
it keeps super well as leftovers (hello, life-saver!); I love that the fried
noodles are tossed in a superb sauce, accompanied by crunchy veggies and
succulent shrimp.

Yes, a lot of love going on. üòâ

If you want to turn this into a no-meat/no-seafood dish, simply omit the
shrimp.

In fact, I cannot decide what is my favorite way to serve this - shrimp or
shrimp-less.

I can totally be a shrimp-stir-fried-noodles girl one day and the shrimp-less-
stir-fried-noodles girl the next.

## What Type of Noodles to use

Okay, first thing first. When talking about noodles, there are so many
different types of Asian noodles it can be overwhelming.

For this recipe, I use dried thin egg noodles (see picture below), or
sometimes called canton noodles.

They are dry, thin, and typically have instructions in the back for making
"Fried Noodles" with them.

I get these noodles from the Asian grocery store.

However, if you don't have access to one, here's the beauty of this dish, you
can use any thin noodles.

That's right - rice noodles, ramen noodles (yes! the 10 cents ones from the
grocery store) etc.

## How to Make Shrimp Stir Fried Noodles

The important thing is to boil these noodles in water very briefly to soften
them (but avoid over-cooking as they will turn soggy) prior to throwing them
into the wok for stir fry.

If you are using a different noodle, you will most likely have to do that too
if they are dried.

Another thing to note, is to prep the rest of the ingredients before you start
heating up the wok. It will make the process go easier because it goes very
quickly!

Whenever I stir fry, I spend more time cutting up and prepping the ingredients
than the actual stir-frying itself!

Prep all ingredients - sauce, green onions, cabbage and carrots, onions,
garlic and shrimp

If you have been following this blog, you know I love my wok. This is one dish
that will be made a lot easier when using a wok.

However, if you don't have one, the next best alternative is a large skillet,
preferably non-stick.

A large-sized skillet will give you room to move the noodles and ingredients
around when stir-frying‚Ä¶and this will make the dish cook more evenly.

A non-stick surface will prevent the noodles from sticking to the wok/skillet,
so add more oil if not using a non-stick appliance.

## Pro-tips to making Shrimp Stir Fried Noodles

  * Stir fry using high heat! Heat up wok with vegetable oil and always wait till you can feel the heat coming out from the wok before adding other items to it
  * Make sure to pay dry defrosted shrimp before adding them to the wok‚Ä¶no water puddle in the wok please! üòâ
  * The stir-frying process goes fast. That is why we prep well and have all ingredients within arm's reach. Also, keep moving the ingredients around in the wok to ensure they cook evenly. Typically one should not have time to walk away during the stir fry process. üôÇ
  * Stir-fry takes some time to master/perfect‚Ä¶but you totally got this!

If you want to learn even more general stir fry tips, check out my 8 Tips to a
Great Stir Fry article!

When making this particular dish, we cook the shrimp first, remove them, add
the noodles, and then add the cooked shrimp back into the wok.

Removing the shrimp gives you the ability to control how long the shrimp is
cook, and avoid overcooking.

You can definitely add other veggies to this dish.

I like adding carrots, cabbage and green onions to this because they require
little cooking and cooks quickly, and frankly, I just like carrots and cabbage
in my noodles.

If the veggie you use needs a longer cooking time, consider cooking them first
before adding the noodles, just like we did with the shrimp.

This is a fairly dry noodle dish. No sauce at the bottom of the pan, but just
enough to coat the noodles and gives it all the layers of flavors from the
sauce.

The sauce = DELICIOUSNESS.

### Sauce ingredients

Speaking of how good the sauce is, it is made out of lots of great
spice/sauces (they should be available in most regular grocery stores in the
U.S) to create a complex, gorgeous flavor:

  * soy sauce
  * oyster (flavored) sauce
  * rice cooking wine
  * sesame oil
  * white pepper
  * sugar
  * dark soy sauce - dark soy sauce is optional, as this gives it more color than flavor.

Is it just me or is anyone else hungry???

Make this TODAY!! Then let me know how it goes please! üôÇ

DID YOU ENJOY THIS RECIPE? Please comment below and give us a 5-star rating!
This will help others find this recipe on Google and Pinterest! We very much
appreciate your help! ü§ç

## Calling all noodle fans

Oh hey you, noodle fan, you! Check out some other yummy Asian noodle dishes on
the blog!

  * Pad See Ew Noodles
  * Simple Thai Noodle Bowl
  * Ramen Noodle Stir Fry
  * Mee Goreng Mamak (Malaysian Fried Noodles)
  * Tom Yum Fried Noodles
  * Vietnamese Noodle Bowl with Grilled Pork

## Other Shrimp Recipes

  * Blackened Shrimp Pasta
  * Honey Lemon Garlic Shrimp
  * Crispy Shrimp Bowls
  * Chili Lime Shrimp with Avocado Crema

## Shrimp Stir Fried Noodles

Your go-to recipe for a great stir fried noodle dish! Stir fried egg noodles
tossed it a savory sweet sauce, veggies and succulent shrimp. Also includes
tips for all kinds of variations!

4.85 from 19 votes

Print Pin

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: asian, Chinese

Prep Time: 15 minutes

Cook Time: 15 minutes

Total Time: 30 minutes

Servings: 2 servings

Calories: 323kcal

Author: MinShien

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Ingredients

  * ~6 oz thin egg noodles/ canton noodles (dried kind)
  * 6 oz shrimp
  * 1-2 tbsp minced garlic
  * 1/4 cup sliced white onions
  * 1/2 cup chopped green onions (~1-inch long)
  * 1 cup shredded cabbage
  * 1 cup shredded carrots
  * 1-2 tbsp vegetable oil

#### Stir fry sauce

  * 2 tbsp oyster (flavored) sauce
  * 1 tbsp soy sauce
  * 1/2 tbsp sesame oil
  * 1/2 tbsp rice cooking wine
  * 1-2 dash white pepper or black pepper
  * 1 tsp sugar
  * 1 tsp dark soy sauce optional

### Instructions

  * Fill a medium pot with water and bring to boil. Add noodles to boiling water and cook for 3 minutes (or according to package instruction for fried noodles). Drain water from noodles. Add some vegetable oil to the noodles and mix it around if it will be sitting for a while prior to cooking. This will prevent the noodles from clumping and sticking together.

  * In a small bowl, mix together all ingredients for stir fry sauce

  * Prep the other ingredients - shrimp, garlic, white onions, green onions, cabbage, and carrots.

  * Heat up wok under high heat. Add ~1/2 tbsp vegetable oil. Once wok is heated up, add defrosted shrimp (make sure it is pat dry) and cook for a few minutes until shrimp is done. Remove shrimp from wok.

  * Add ~1 tbsp vegetable oil to wok. Once oil is hot, add garlic and onions and cook for 30 seconds or so, avoid burning the garlic. 

  * Add noodles and stir continuously for 1 minute or so, then add sauce to noodles. Continue stirring noodle for another minute or so, and coat noodles evenly with sauce. (See Note 1) 

  * Add shrimp, green onions, shredded cabbage and shredded carrots to the noodles. Stir for 30 seconds or so, then remove promptly.

  * Serve and enjoy.

### Notes

If you are doubling or tripling the recipe, consider cooking noodles in
multiple batches.

Note 1: If you are using a different noodle, you might need less or more time
frying them depending on the noodles. Some noodles will turn soggy quicker,
and some will take longer to cook.

### Nutrition

Calories: 323kcal | Carbohydrates: 46g | Protein: 19g | Fat: 6g | Saturated
Fat: 2g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 2g | Monounsaturated Fat: 2g | Trans Fat: 1g |
Cholesterol: 107mg | Sodium: 1844mg | Potassium: 511mg | Fiber: 6g | Sugar: 9g
| Vitamin A: 11129IU | Vitamin C: 24mg | Calcium: 121mg | Iron: 3mg

Did you make this recipe?Take a pic and tag me at @joyous.apron, or hashtag
#joyousapron on Instagram!

### ABOUT MINSHIEN

Welcome to Joyous Apron! I use fresh and good-quality ingredients to create
delicious, easy-made recipes for all you foodies at heart...so you can make
truly yummy foods at home! I share a variety of recipes, and have a soft spot
for Asian foods! Learn more about me HERE!

  *   *   *   * 

### Related Posts

  

#### Garlic Noodles with Shrimp

  

#### Shrimp and Snow Pea Stir Fry with Savory Sweet Sauce

  

#### Chili Lime Shrimp with Avocado Crema

  

#### Mee Goreng Mamak (Malaysian Fried Noodles)

  

#### Tom Yum Fried Noodles

  

#### General Tso Shrimp

__ Subscribe __

Notify of

new follow-up comments new replies to my comments

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

____

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

____

18 Comments

__Inline Feedbacks

View all comments

Tania

__3 years ago

  
i'm still dreaming about this! I have this recipe on my list and will be
making it soon!! thank you for sharing this recipe üôÇ

Reply

__

Joyous Apron

Author

__Reply to   Tania

__3 years ago

Thank you, Tania! Let me know how it goes!! üôÇ

Reply

LisaR

__2 years ago

I made these last week, and will make again this week - delicious! I left out
the sugar because I have diabetes, and added some other veg because I couldn't
get good cabbage last week.

Reply

__

Joyous Apron

Author

__Reply to   LisaR

__2 years ago

Thank you Lisa! I am so glad you enjoyed it!

Reply

marisa kroker

__1 year ago

  
I made this for super tonight. It was a huge hit! My son had 5 helpings‚Ä¶that
has never happened before. Thanks for sharing!

Reply

__

Joyous Apron

Author

__Reply to   marisa kroker

__1 year ago

I'm so glad you all loved it!! üôÇ Thank you for leaving a review and letting me
go how it went!

Reply

Aaron Trott

__11 months ago

  
Made these noodles a few days ago and I'm really sad I didn't double or triple
the recipe so I had more leftovers because it was sooo good!

So easy and so delicious.

Reply

__

Joyous Apron

Author

__Reply to   Aaron Trott

__11 months ago

Hi Aaron! Thank you so much for sharing! So glad you like it üôÇ

Reply

Michaela Kenkel

__6 months ago

  
I made this yesterday and there wasn't a morsel left!! Everyone was so sad
that it was gone!! I will be adding to my regular rotation, thank you!

Reply

__

Joyous Apron

Author

__Reply to   Michaela Kenkel

__6 months ago

My pleasure! Happy to hear that everyone enjoyed it!

Reply

Julie Menghini

__6 months ago

  
I just loved this recipe, Your tips for cooking the noodles is exactly what I
needed to make Asian noodles at home and the sauce is amazing!

Reply

__

Joyous Apron

Author

__Reply to   Julie Menghini

__6 months ago

Yay! Happy to hear you find it helpful. I agree - love this sauce as well üôÇ

Reply

Debi

__6 months ago

  
Everything was perfect and way better than any take out. Nice and quick too.
Thanks for the recipe.

Reply

__

Joyous Apron

Author

__Reply to   Debi

__6 months ago

Awesome! So glad it was easy and yummy!

Reply

Kathleen Pope

__6 months ago

  
Made this for lunch today, wow! Not a spec left, will be making again really
soon!

Reply

__

Joyous Apron

Author

__Reply to   Kathleen Pope

__6 months ago

Yay! Thanks for giving it a try! üôÇ

Reply

Erin

__6 months ago

  
Simply OBSESSED with these stir fried noodles! Our whole family loved them,
kids included, and I can't wait to make 'em again. Also, thank you for sharing
the information on the noodles, where you found them and how we can use
whatever thin noodles we have. I used ramen, but I can't wait to seek out the
canton noodles so I can try it with them, too.

Reply

__

Joyous Apron

Author

__Reply to   Erin

__6 months ago

You are so welcome, Erin! I bet ramen tasted very good with this! YUM!

Reply

## Primary Sidebar

### Welcome to Joyous Apron!

I use fresh and quality ingredients to create delicious, easy-made recipes for
foodies at heart...so you can make truly yummy foods at home! I love to make
all foods, and have a fondness for Asian recipes. Learn more about me!

### FREE E-COOKBOOK!

Sign up and grab your FREE Easy Dinners E-Cookbook!

### Search

Search this website

## SEEN ON

Copyright ¬© 2020 Joyous Apron ¬∑ Privacy Policy ¬∑ Disclosure

18

0

Would love your thoughts, please comment.x

()

x

| Reply

Insert

 __ __

 __ __

 __

__

  * Home
  * About Me
    * About Me
    * Work with me
    * Contact
    * Disclosure
    * Privacy Policy
  * Recipes
  * Ingredients
    * Beef
    * Chicken
    * Pork
    * Seafood
    * Vegetables
  * Meal
    * Appetizers
    * Breakfast
    * Desserts
    * Drinks
    * Lunch
    * Main Course
    * Sides
  * Popular
    * Asian
    * Easy Dinners
    * Healthy
    * Holiday
    * Soup
    * Instant Pot
  * Free E-Cookbook

  *     * Email
    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * Twitter

