https://www.slurrp.com/recipes/steamed-pork-momo-1612537225


Trending on SLURRP

HomeDiscover

Drinks

ArticlesCommunityContestsNutrimeter

Login / Signup

Invite

Login / Signup

Trending on SLURRP

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Steamed Pork Momo Recipe

# Steamed Pork Momo Recipe

0

0 Rating

Share

  *   *   *   *   *   *   * 

# About Steamed Pork Momo Recipe:

No matter which part of the country you are residing in, you must be aware of
the rising popularity of momos as street food. The dumplings filled with
decadent stuffing made with a variety of ingredients have been one of the most
desired street foods in recent years. Believed to have originated in Nepal
back in the fourteenth century, the decadent dumplings have transcended
boundaries and have become one of the favourites worldwide. In todayâs
culinary diaries, we have brought before you momos that are filled with
wholesome pork stuffing that will leave you drooling for sure. Made with less
than 10 ingredients, these momos are everything you need in a perfect snack.
You can either pair them with a soup or a simple chutney on the side. Serve
these delectable dumplings as appetizers at your next house party and we are
sure your guests will be gobsmacked for real.

... Read More

By Slurrp

  * 9 Ingredients

  * 

Ingredients

Adjust Servings :

1

## Ingredients for Steamed Pork Momo Recipe

  * 135 gram Onions
  * 25 gram Ginger
  * 25 gram Green chilies
  * 30 gram Coriander leaves
  * 135 gram Green Onions
  * 540 gram Fatty minced pork
  * As required Salt
  * As required Pepper
  * 40 gram Soy sauce

Nutrition

  * 44g Fat(24.42%)
  * 91g Protein(49.78%)
  * 38g Carbs(21.15%)
  * 7g Fiber(3.90%)
  * Other(0.75%)

###### Current Totals

  * Fat

44g

  * Protein

91g

  * Carbs

38g

  * Fiber

7g

  * 

###### MacroNutrients

  * Carbs

38g

  * Protein

91g

  * Fiber

7g

###### Fats

  * Fat

44g

###### Vitamins & Minerals

  * Calcium

199mg

  * Iron

15mg

  * Vitamin A

1199mcg

  * Vitamin B1

< 1mg

  * Vitamin B2

< 1mg

  * Vitamin B3

11mg

  * Vitamin B6

2mg

  * Vitamin B9

142mcg

  * Vitamin B12

0mcg

  * Vitamin C

61mg

  * Vitamin E

2mg

  * Copper

4mcg

  * Magnesium

214mg

  * Manganese

2mg

  * Phosphorus

844mg

  * Selenium

174mcg

  * Zinc

14mg

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

All nutritional information presented are estimates and not meant to
substitute professional dietary advice or treatment

Directions

See images

## How to Make  Steamed Pork Momo Recipe

## Steps To Prepare

STEP 01

Chop the onions, gingers, green chilies, coriander leaves and green onions
finely.

STEP 02

Marinate the pork with the vegetables, pork fat, salt, pepper and soy sauce,
cover it and refrigerate it for about 4 hours.

STEP 03

Make momo wrappers and grease the momo steamer with oil.

## Cooking Directions

STEP 01

Take a small portion of the pork and put it in the wrappers and seal the mouth
with water.

STEP 02

Steam the momos for 12 mins and serve it with some chutney and soup.

## Steps To Prepare

STEP 01

Chop the onions, gingers, green chilies, coriander leaves and green onions
finely.

STEP 02

Marinate the pork with the vegetables, pork fat, salt, pepper and soy sauce,
cover it and refrigerate it for about 4 hours.

STEP 03

Make momo wrappers and grease the momo steamer with oil.

## Cooking Directions

STEP 01

Take a small portion of the pork and put it in the wrappers and seal the mouth
with water.

STEP 02

Steam the momos for 12 mins and serve it with some chutney and soup.

#### You may also like

Previous

Steamed Chicken Momo

50 mins

Steamed Chicken Momos

15 mins

Steamed Chicken Momos

40 mins

Momo (Steamed Dumpling)

15 mins

Chicken Dumplings/Steamed Momos

35 mins

Steamed Chicken Momos#ChickenRecipes #FEM5K

2 Hr

Chicken Steamed Momos (Darjeeling Style)

1 Hr

Steamed Pork Buns

1 Hr 5 mins

Steamed Pork Buns

2 Hr 57 mins

Japanese Steamed Pork

30 mins

Steamed Pork Dumplings

20 mins

Steamed Pork Ribs

1 Hr 20 mins

Steamed Bbq Pork Buns

2 Hr 15 mins

Pressure Cooker Steamed Pork

55 mins

Steamed Pork & Rice Balls

1 Hr 35 mins

Next

  *   *   * 

### Download App

* * ##### Company

  * About
  * Help & Support
  * FAQs
  * Partner with us

##### Quick Links

  * Nutrimeter
  * Meal Plan
  * My Collection
  * Curated recipe

##### Legal

  * Privacy Policy
  * Cookie Policy
  * Terms & Conditions
  * Sitemap
  * Community Guidelines

##### Top Stories

  * 5 Amazing Health Benefits Of Solkadhi
  * Kayi Sasive Chitranna: Humble Rice Meal With Spicy Flavours
  * Hayagreeva: Classic Chickpea Lentils And Jaggery Sweetmeal
  * Healthful and Classic Beetroot Chutney Recipe
  * Tapioca Chips: Crispy, Starchy Bites 

Company

  * About
  * Help & Support
  * FAQs
  * Partner with us

Legal

  * Privacy Policy
  * Cookie Policy
  * Terms & Conditions
  * Sitemap
  * Community Guidelines

Quick Links

  * Nutrimeter
  * Meal Plan
  * My Collection
  * Curated recipe

Top Stories

  * 5 Amazing Health Benefits Of Solkadhi
  * Kayi Sasive Chitranna: Humble Rice Meal With Spicy Flavours
  * Hayagreeva: Classic Chickpea Lentils And Jaggery Sweetmeal
  * Healthful and Classic Beetroot Chutney Recipe
  * Tapioca Chips: Crispy, Starchy Bites 

### Partner sites : Â Â

  * Hindustan Times
  * Live Hindustan
  * Live Mint
  * Desimartini
  * Shine
  * Healthshots
  * OTT Play

Â©2022 Slurrp, HT Media Labs. All rights reserved.

Slurrp is a recipe aggregator that helps one find recipes based on one's diet
choices, fitness goals and taste preferences. It provides calorie-counted
recipes across cuisines and meals types and caters to all levels of cooking
skills -- from a beginner to an expert. It also offers a nutrimeter that
calculates the precise nutrient intake based on the user's height and weight
to recommend recipes for each meal. Once youâve shortlisted recipes that you
want to prepare, you can also add them to your Meal Plan which pins your
recipes on the calendar so you can plan your meals in advance.

