https://recipeholic.web.app/239-steps-to-prepare-perfect-darjeeling-pork-momos/


Best Recipes

  * Home

# Best Recipes

The place for over 10,000 popular beef recipes for your complete cooking guide

#### Steps to Prepare Perfect DARJEELING PORK MOMOS

Amanda McCarthy

30/08/2020 22:12

  

**DARJEELING PORK MOMOS**

Hello everybody, it's me again, Bethany, welcome to my recipe page. Today, I'm
gonna show you how to make a special dish, darjeeling pork momos. It is one of
my favorites. This time, I am going to make it a little bit tasty. This is
gonna smell and look delicious.

DARJEELING PORK MOMOS is one of the most well liked of current trending foods
on earth. It is enjoyed by millions daily. It is easy, it's fast, it tastes
delicious. They are fine and they look wonderful. DARJEELING PORK MOMOS is
something that I have loved my whole life.

Juicy steam momos, served with spicy chutney. Stuffing of vegetables, prawns,
mutton,chicken can be used. If you're up for a challenge, try making these
tasty momos, a version of Chinese steamed dumplings filled with pork.

To get started with this particular recipe, we have to prepare a few
ingredients. You can have darjeeling pork momos using 9 ingredients and 6
steps. Here is how you cook that.

##### The ingredients needed to make DARJEELING PORK MOMOS:

  1. Get 1/2 kg Refined Flour
  2. Make ready 1/2 kg onions finely chopped
  3. Take 1/2 kg Pork Mince (medium)
  4. Prepare 1 small ground ginger
  5. Take 1/2 tsp Monosodium Glutamate
  6. Prepare 1/2 tsp Baking Soda
  7. Get salt
  8. Take 2 tomatoes
  9. Take 8 green chilies

Who doesn't love momos that remind them of the hills of Kathmandu, Nepal,
Bhutan, or Darjeeling? Dolma Aunty's Momos serves the most authentic and
affordable momos in all of Delhi that will remind you of maa ke haath ka
khana! To try a different take on momos, head over to Darjeeling Steamers.
Momo Recipe: Steamed Pork Momo: Easy Pork Dumplings

##### Step by Step to make DARJEELING PORK MOMOS:

  1. In a bowl, add chopped onions, pork mince, ground ginger, salt, monosodium glutemate. Mix well and set aside
  2. Mix 1/2 tsp of baking soda in flour, knead it together and set aside.
  3. Wash the tomatoes and chillies. Roast the tomatoes over flame or boil them. Put them in a grinder, add salt, chillies and grind it together to make paste sauce. Keep in the fridge.
  4. Roll dough into round flat, thinner at the edges, circle; slightly bigger than the palm of your hand.
  5. Take the round dough, fill it with the mince mixture, join the edges. Right index joins, left index covers over right index and joins, till the entire Momo is sealed.
  6. Heat water or soup in the lower level and put perforated dishes for steaming the Momos in the dish. Cover. Let it cook for 20 minutes.

Who doesn't love momos that remind them of the hills of Kathmandu, Nepal,
Bhutan, or Darjeeling? My mom's secret recipe for creating the best pork
dumplings. The dumplings are juicy, tender and taste so good even without any
dipping sauce! Serving only pork momos, the lack of options does not limit the
regulars, if anything, the pork Authentic Darjeeling taste is what the patrons
come looking for and whetting their appetite, the eatery. Thanks to darjeeling
momos.u made realize how the worst chicken lollipops should taste like.

So that is going to wrap this up for this exceptional food darjeeling pork
momos recipe. Thanks so much for reading. I am sure you will make this at
home. There is gonna be interesting food at home recipes coming up. Don't
forget to save this site in your browser, and share it to your loved ones,
colleague and friends. Thanks again for reading, I hope this page becomes "the
place to be" when it comes to darjeeling pork momos cooking. Go on get
cooking!

* * *

Steps to Prepare Any-night-of-the-week Garlic Parmesean Scalloped Potatoes

⮜ Previous

Steps to Make Any-night-of-the-week Mike&#39;s Negative Calorie Vegetable Beef
Soup

Next ⮞

##### Related Recipes to Steps to Prepare Perfect DARJEELING PORK MOMOS

  

Easiest Way to Prepare Perfect Miriam Pascal&#39;s Best Ever No Butter
Chocolate Chip Cookies

Recipe of Award-winning Spicy Carrots, Onions and Jalapenos (Mexican style)

Steps to Make Homemade Best Pumpkin Chocolate Chip Cookies

How to Make Super Quick Homemade Beef Strogonoff

Recipe of Any-night-of-the-week EASY ONE PAN Sausage, Spinach and Rice
Parmesan

Recipe of Speedy Genmai (or Other Tea) Snickerdoodles

How to Prepare Homemade Breakfast sloppy joes

Recipe of Super Quick Homemade Wax gourd with crab starchy sauce

##### More Recipes

Recipe of Super Quick Homemade Peanut Butter Oreo Brownies

Steps to Prepare Award-winning Leftover Swiss on Chicken Pattie Sandwich

Recipe of Perfect Eggless Chocolate chip and Strawberry Mug cake

Recipe of Any-night-of-the-week Yummy Carrot Mixed Beetroot &amp; Pomegranate
Juice

Simple Way to Make Quick Big Poppa&#39;s 1869 slow cooked chicken broth

Step-by-Step Guide to Prepare Super Quick Homemade Stuffed Onion

(C)2020  Best Recipes  
Powered by StupidBot + Hugo 0.73.0 + Bootstrap + GitHub + Firebase/Netlify

