https://www.sbs.com.au/food/recipes/nepali-chicken-dumplings-momo


Sign out

Sign in / Create an account

  * Who Do You Think You Are?
  * Voices
  * Indigenous
  * Census Explorer
  * COVID-19 in language

  * SBS HOME

  * On Demand

  * Guide
    * By Day

    * By Channel

    * By Genre

    * By Language

  * Radio
    * Radio Schedule

    * SBS Arabic24

    * SBS Chill

    * SBS PopAsia

    * SBS PopDesi

    * SBS Radio App

    * SBS Settlement Guide

    * Your Language

    * Radio Podcasts

  * Languages

  * News
    * Dateline

    * Insight

    * The Point

    * The Feed

    * NITV News

    * Small Business Secrets

  * Sport

  * Food

  * SBS Learn

Food

  * Food home
    * Pitch to us
  * Watch
    * SBS Food CH 33
    * Cook like an Italian with Silvia Colloca
    * Food Safari
    * Plat du Tour
    * The Cook Up with Adam Liaw
    * The Streets with Dan Hong
    * What's on TV
    * A-Z food programs
  * Cook
    * Recipe search
    * Recipe videos
    * This week's top picks
    * Bite-sized
    * Recipe index
  * Read
    * From the Food desk
    * Feels like home
    * Play with your food
    * Eat well
    * Feaster
    * Institutions
    * Be a better cook
    * Bite-sized
  * Win

Trending

a-peel-ing recipes

Baguette Studios

velveting meat

subscribe

strudel stories

cook Malaysian

Advanced search

Nepalese

# Nepali chicken dumplings (momo)

  * 

Previous Next Show Grid

  * 

  1. 

Previous Next Hide Grid

  * play

pause

stop

mute

unmute

max volume

repeat

repeat off

Previous Next

Image

1/

Video

Audio

1/

Momo (dumplings) is one of Nepal’s most popular dishes which can be eaten as
an entree or as mains. It’s a dumpling filled with meat or vegetables as well.
It is eaten with tomato pickle (golbheda ko achar). It is one of the must have
food items in the restaurants as well.

Serves

4-6

###  Preparation

45min

###  Cooking

30min

###  Skill level

Easy

By

Suraj Pradhan

Select ratingGive it 0.5/5Give it 1/5Give it 1.5/5Give it 2/5Give it 2.5/5Give
it 3/5Give it 3.5/5Give it 4/5Give it 4.5/5Give it 5/5

Average: 3.8 (680 votes)

Yum

###  Ingredients

**Momo**

  * **500 g** chicken mince (using thigh meat)
  * **½** red onion, finely chopped
  * **¼ cup** coriander, finely chopped
  * **2 tsp** fresh minced ginger
  * **2 tsp** minced garlic
  * **½ tsp** ground coriander
  * **¼ tsp** turmeric
  * **¼ tsp** ground cumin
  * **1** long green chilli, finely chopped
  * **2 tbsp** vegetable oil or melted butter
  * salt to taste
  * **60** round wonton wrappers (see Note)

**Tomato pickle (Golbheda ko achar)**

  * **1 tbsp** mustard oil
  * **2 tsp** minced garlic
  * **2 tsp** minced ginger
  * **¼ tsp** fenugreek seed
  * **1** dried long red chilli, finely chopped
  * **1** pinch of Jimbu (mountain herbs) (see Note)
  * **500 g** ripe tomatoes
  * **¼ cup** coriander, chopped
  * **1** pinch ground Sichuan pepper (Timur) (see Note)

### Cook's notes

Oven temperatures are for conventional; if using fan-forced (convection),
reduce the temperature by 20˚C. | We use Australian tablespoons and cups: 1
teaspoon equals 5 ml; 1 tablespoon equals 20 ml; 1 cup equals 250 ml. | All
herbs are fresh (unless specified) and cups are lightly packed. | All
vegetables are medium size and peeled, unless specified. | All eggs are 55-60
g, unless specified.

### Instructions

play

pause

mute

max volume

The following recipe has been tested and edited by SBS Food and may differ
slightly from the podcast.

**Resting time** 15 minutes

For the tomato pickle (achar), pour mustard oil into a small saucepan and
place over medium heat. When the oil is hot add garlic and ginger, fry for a
few seconds or until starting to turn light golden. Add fenugreek seed, dried
chillies, jimbu, and stir for few more seconds until fenugreek is starting to
turn golden. Add chopped tomatoes and cook for 10 minutes, stirring
occasionally until reduced and starting to thicken. Set aside to cool, then
blend until smooth.

For the momos, place all ingredients in a large bowl mix to combine. Cover and
set aside for 10 to 15 minutes to develop flavour.

Place a steamer with water in the base over high heat. Lay out 6 wrappers on
the bench, and moisten around the top edge of each wrapper using a wet finger.
Place half a flat tablespoon of mixture in the centre of each wrapper, and
almost fold in half. Gradually bring sides together from one end whilst making
a few pleats in one side and curving the momo so it sits upright. Another
traditional shape is a moneybag with a small steam vent in the centre of the
top. Repeat with remaining wrappers and filling.

Steam for 8-10 minutes, or until wonton wrappers are tender. Serve immediately
with tomato pickle or other condiments.

**Note**  
• Wonton wrappers are available in supermarkets or Asian food stores. Jimbu
and timur are available from Nepali food stores, or use Sichuan pepper and
grind to a fine powder using a mortar and pestle, sieve to remove husks.

__Photography by Alan Benson. Styling by Michelle Noerianto.__

Advertisement

Advertisement

## This week's top Food TV picks

CELEBS, FOOD, FUN

### Episode guide | The Cook Up with Adam Liaw S2 | Episodes 91 to 100

Adam Liaw continues to cook, laugh, and explore culture with some of
Australia's most beloved in The Cook Up With Adam Liaw S2.

SBS On Demand

### SBS On Demand

Watch all of Season 1 as Frank Pinello explores the incredible world of pizza
from Chicago's deep dish to the New York 'fold'.

next previous

## Newly added

Episode guide | The Cook Up with Adam Liaw S3 | Episodes 1 to 10

_2 days_ ago

Always burning cakes? Your oven is probably set wrong, so here's how to fix it

_2 days_ ago

Savour these juicy bone-in-fish tips and survival stories

_3 days_ ago

16 quick ways to use it up at home

_3 days_ ago

In Social

## Stay connected with Food

Stay connected with Food

## Vertical Tabs

Newsletter

Exclusive TV sneak peeks, recipes and competitions

Sign up now

Audio Track

Podcast

Listen now

RSS

RSS

Subscribe now

Stay connected with Food

Exclusive TV sneak peeks, recipes and competitions

Sign up now

Podcast

Listen now

RSS

Subscribe now

## In Social

Subscribe

Facebook

Follow

Twitter

49.9K

Follow

Instagram

Advertisement

Back to top

  * Copyright
  * Terms & Conditions
  * Privacy
  * Disclaimer
  * Your online preferences

  * Audience Technical Support
  * Complaints
  * Contact Us
  * Media Centre
  * SBS Codes of Practice
  * Freedom of Information
  * Public Interest Disclosure
  * Senate Order - Entity Contracts
  * Using this Website
  * Help

  * About SBS
  * Sales & Advertising
  * Careers

SBS acknowledges the Traditional Owners of Country throughout Australia.

####

x

##

