https://masalachilli.com/lemon-coriander-soup-recipe/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

Masalachilli

  * Home
  * About Me
  * All Recipes
  * Contact us
  * Search

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * About Me
  * All Recipes
  * Contact us

×

Home » Soup Recipes » Lemon Coriander Soup Recipe (GF, Vegan)

# Lemon Coriander Soup Recipe (GF, Vegan)

By Vidya Narayan | December 21, 2020 | Last Updated: July 27, 2021

31 shares

  *   *   * 31
  *   * 

Jump to RecipePrint Recipe

Looking for Low oil, everyday simple soup recipe? Try this Vegetarian Lemon
Coriander Soup that is made with fresh vegetables and contains no
preservatives or cornstarch. Easy to make with step-wise recipe instructions.

Lemon Coriander Soup is a healthy, gluten-free, vegan and vegetarian clear
soup recipe without cornstarch or cornflour. Made with a variety of
vegetables, this soup is flavored with lemon grass, fresh lemon juice and
coriander leaves.

Lemon Coriander Soup is a popular Indo Chinese Soup available in most Indian
restaurants. The restaurant version uses bare minimum vegetables and is
thickened with cornstarch. However, this home-style soup version is the one we
absolutely relish at home.

An excellent soup when feeling under the weather as it contains turmeric and
black pepper. It is a refreshing change from heavy cream based soups and great
for detox.

This Vitamin C boosting Vegetarian soup is best for winters, seasonal weather
change or sniffles. The flavorful broth helps in easing discomfort caused due
to blocked nose.

This soup is perfect for those who are looking for low-oil, vegetable loaded
soups and / or staying away from carbs. It provides nutrition and taste,
without compromising your taste buds.

Jump to:

  * Ingredients 
  * Variations
  * How to Thicken Lemon Coriander Soup?
  * Step by Step Recipe to Make Lemon Coriander Soup at home
  * Serving Suggestions 
  * Recommended Soup Recipes
  * Lemon Coriander Soup Recipe (GF, Vegan)

This soup is made using pantry staples. Absolutely no extra rounds to the
supermarket scouting for the ingredients. The recipe is easily customizable
and can be made with vegetables available in your refrigerator. Do read the
ingredient list for options / alternatives / substitutions.

We prefer simple soups at home and the ones that always don't call for
artificial thickeners. This soup is made without any cornstarch. In case you
prefer a bit of a body to your lemon coriander soup that cornstarch provides,
I have provided details of quantities in the recipe card below.

South Indian Lemon Rasam (A broth like soup with lentils and spices) is
another great way to consume lemons during winters. You can also try our Lemon
Rice for Main Course.

## **Ingredients**

**Please note that all the ingredients (complete list) with measurements is
mentioned in the recipe card below.**

**Vegetables** \- I add seasonal vegetables to the soup. This is the perfect
**_"Clean your refrigerator Soup"_**. I have been guilty of adding way more
vegetables to this soup.

**Carrots, French beans and cabbage** are used for the recipe. These crunchy
vegetables are a good contrast to the delicate soup.

You can add **Broccoli, Peas** , **Corn** or leafy greens like **Spinach or
Kale**.

**Coriander Leaves + Stem** \- Since the soup is all about coriander, both
stem and leaves are used.

**_Note - Substitute Coriander with Cilantro._**

If you make vegetable stock or broth at home, include coriander stems. They
are packed with flavour.

**Ginger + Garlic + Spring onions** **(scallions)** \- You can substitute
spring onions with regular onions too or use leeks, white onions if you like.

The quantity of **ginger and garlic** might seem a bit much but it really is
essential for a good flavourful soup. **Always chop and add them instead of
using a paste**.

**Instead of Water or Stock** , you can use **Better than Bouillon paste**. If
using store bought stock, opt for a low sodium one.

**Lemon Juice** \- Extract fresh juice, measure and use for the recipe. Add
the juice after you have switched off the gas stove.

If you bulk cook this soup (like me), add the lemon juice only to the portions
you are serving and store the remaining in the refrigerator.

**Black Pepper Powder + Turmeric Powder** \- Adds flavor, health and nutrition
to the soup.

Did you know that you adding black pepper along with turmeric increases the
absorption of curcumin? **_Source_**

## Variations

If you are looking to include **Protein** \- Add **Tofu (plant-based)** or
**Paneer (Cottage Cheese)**. Beans like **Chickpeas** or **Kidney Beans** can
be added.

**Soba Noodles** or any other **Gluten Free Noodles** can be added for a Lemon
Coriander Noodle Soup and turn into a one bowl filling meal.

This soup is NOT SPICY. You could add some red chilli flakes or finely chopped
green chillies.

## **How to Thicken Lemon Coriander Soup?**

**If you like thick soups, mix 2 tsp of cornflour or cornstarch in 1/4th cup
of water. Add after the soup has reduced and just before adding the coriander
leaves, lemon juice.**

## Step by Step Recipe to **Make Lemon Coriander Soup at home**

(1) Finely chop, grate and assemble all the ingredients to make the soup.

(2) Heat a sauce pan, add olive oil, garlic, ginger and spring onions (white
portion).

(3) Saute them for a couple of minutes until the onions are translucent.

(4) Now add all the vegetables (carrot + cabbage + Beans) along with finely
chopped coriander stems. Saute this for a couple of minutes until the
vegetables shrink in volume and start leaving some moisture in the sauce pan.

(5) Now, add water or stock along with salt to taste and lemon grass stalks.

(6) Now add freshly cracked black pepper.

(7) And some turmeric powder. Mix well, cover and allow it to cook on low
flame for atleast 10 to 15 minutes.

(8) Once the vegetables have cooked (volume of liquid / stock has reduced),
add finely chopped coriander leaves and spring onion greens. At this stage,
check salt and add extra, if required.

(9) Switch off the flame and add lemon juice. Stir once and serve immediately.

**Note - If serving the soup later, add lemon juice j** ust **before serving**

**Recipe Notes -**

  * Quantities of ingredients can be easily adjusted according to your tastes, preferences and availability. 
  * The quantity of lemon juice will depend on how tangy you prefer your soup. Add more or less as required. 
  * Lemon Grass is optional. It provides lemony citrusy flavour to the soup. 
  * Adding turmeric powder is optional. 

## Serving Suggestions

**_Want More vegetables in your diet?_** Try serving the soup with Zucchini
Noodles or Zoodles. This combo works under the _**"low oil, low carb, gluten-
free and vegan meal options"**_

Turn this into a **_Full Blown Indo Chinese Meal_** by serving the soup as an
appetizer followed by some Vegetarian Fried Rice accompanied with Mixed
Vegetables in Hot Garlic Sauce.

_**Fusion Flavors**_ \- Combine the soup with Middle Eastern Beetroot Hummus
and Air Fryer Falafel. Add some Pita bread to the menu for a simple yet
refreshing lunch.

## Recommended Soup Recipes

**Sweet Corn Soup** (Indo Chinese Style without cornflour)

**Pumpkin Soup** with home made pumpkin puree

**Fresh Tomato Soup Recipe** (No Cream or Cornflour used)

**Broccoli Soup**

**Instant Pot Minestrone Soup** (Soup with Pasta, Vegetables and Beans)

**Mushroom Soup** (GF, Vegan)

Please take a moment to **LEAVE A COMMENT** and a **STAR * rating** on the
blog. It would encourage others to try the recipe or you could **TAG US** on
any of our social media handles **–INSTAGRAM, TWITTER, FACEBOOK PAGE AND
PINTEREST.**

## Lemon Coriander Soup Recipe (GF, Vegan)

Vidya Narayan

Lemon Coriander Soup is a healthy, gluten-free, vegan and vegetarian clear
soup recipe without cornstarch or cornflour. Made with a variety of
vegetables, this soup is flavored with lemon grass, fresh lemon juice and
coriander leaves. This is an excellent soup when feeling under the weather as
it contains turmeric and black pepper powder.

No ratings yet

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 20 mins

Cook Time 20 mins

Total Time 40 mins

Course Appetizer, Soup

Cuisine Indian

Servings 4 people

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * ½ cup Cabbage  finely chopped
  * ¾ cup Carrots  grated
  * ¼ cup French beans  finely chopped
  * 2 tbsp Ginger  finely chopped
  * 1 tbsp Garlic  finely chopped
  * ½ cup Spring Onion White  finely chopped
  * 2 tbsp Spring Onion Greens  finely chopped
  * 1 tbsp Coriander stems  finely chopped
  * ¼ cup Coriander leaves  finely chopped
  * 1 tbsp Lemon Juice  Read notes below
  * ¼ tsp Black Pepper Powder
  * ¼ tsp Turmeric Powder 
  * 2 tsp Olive Oil 
  * 4 cups  Vegetable Stock or Water
  * Salt to taste 

#### For Garnish (optional)

  * Few Slices of Lemon
  * spring onion greens Finely chopped
  * Coriander leaves  finely chopped

#### 1 cup is 250 ml, 1 tbsp is 15 ml and 1 tsp is 5 ml

### Instructions



  * Heat a sauce pan, add olive oil, garlic, ginger and spring onion (white portion). Saute them for a couple of minutes until the onions are translucent. 

  * Now add all the vegetables (carrot + cabbage + Beans) along with finely chopped coriander stems. Cook the vegetables on low heat until they leave some moisture in the pan. 

  * Now add 4 cups of water or stock along with salt to taste, lemon grass stalks, freshly cracked black pepper and turmeric powder. 

  * Cover the saucepan and allow it to cook on low heat for atleast 15 minutes. 

  * Once the vegetables have cooked (volume of liquid / stock has reduced), add finely chopped coriander leaves and spring onion greens. At this stage, check salt and add extra, if required.

  * Switch off the flame and add lemon juice. Stir once and serve immediately. 

  * Garnish with slices of lemon, some finely chopped coriander leaves and spring onion greens. and serve with an accompaniment of your choice. 

### Notes

 **Recipe Notes**

  * Quantities of ingredients can be easily adjusted according to your tastes, preferences and availability.
  * The quantity of lemon juice will depend on how tangy you prefer your soup. Add more or less as required. Also add lemon juice only after the gas flame has been switched off and the soup is off heat. 
  * I have not used any spice like red chilli powder and / or green chillies. The Ginger and black pepper powder add enough heat to the recipe.
  * Lemon Grass is optional. I add it because it gives that lemony citrusy flavour to the soup.
  * Adding turmeric powder is optional but highly recommended for soups, especially during winter.
  * The Recipe is Gluten Free and Vegan. Also does not contain nuts. 

**Notes for Thickening the Soup**

  * This recipe is unlike the Indo Chinese Style Lemon Coriander Soup served at restaurants. It is not thickened with cornflour nor has any vinegar or soy sauce.
  * If you like thick soups, mix 2 tsp of cornflour in 1/4 cup of water. Add this after the soup has reduced and just before you add the coriander leaves and lemon juice.
  * You can increase the quantity of cornflour as per desired thickness.

**Additional Notes**

**Storage and Leftovers** \- The leftovers can be refrigerated for 3-4 days in
the refrigerator. It can be reheated on a stove top or microwave. The soup is
freezer-friendly and good for meal preps.

Always squeeze the lemon juice just before serving the soup. I would not
recommend freezing the soup with lemon juice.

Keyword lemon coriander soup recipe, vegetarian soup recipes

Tried this recipe?Share your feedback @masalachilli_vidyanarayan or tag
#masalachilli_vidyanarayan

Please subscribe to our website to receive all the delicious recipes in your
mail box.

We will be back again with yet another exciting recipe .. Until then, stay
healthy and happy!

**Vidya Narayan**

« Gluten Free Chocolate Banana Cake (Banana Flour Recipe)

Homemade Easy Pizza Sauce Recipe »

31 shares

  *   *   * 31
  *   * 

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Sudhakala

January 03, 2021 at 4:06 pm

  
Very well written recipe

Reply

    * Vidya Narayan

January 04, 2021 at 7:57 am

Thank you so much for the appreciation.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

### Welcome

Hi Everyone, I am Vidya Narayan & Welcome to my blog MasalaChilli. Born in a
Traditional Palakkad Iyer (South Indian) Family with strong value systems to
an exceptionally strong and independent Single Mom, spent most of my childhood
studying well (as most Iyer girls do). Read More

### Subscribe

Fresh & yummy veg recipes straight into your inbox!

### Search

Search

### Popular Recipes

  * Chana Masala (Easy Indian Chickpea Curry)
  * Oats Chilla (Easy Indian Breakfast Recipe with Oats )
  * Jeera Rice | Indian Cumin Rice (Instant Pot + Stove Top)
  * Aadi Masam Recipes - Significance of Festival and Important Days
  * Revitalizing Pineapple Ginger Smoothie
  * Kale Potato Sabzi (Stir Fried Kale and Potato)
  * Moong Dal Recipe (Instant Pot)
  * Chickpea Salad Recipe (No Oil, Vegan)
  * Instant Pot Chickpeas (Soft and Buttery)
  * Instant Pot Chana Dal Recipe (Split Chickpeas)

### Browse

Browse Select Category Accompaniments After School Snack Recipes Air Fryer
Recipes Baking Recipes Beverages Breads Breakfast Ideas Chaat Recipes Chinese
Recipes Chutney / Podi Recipes Condiments Cookies Desserts / Sweets Diabetic
Friendly Recipes Dinner Recipes Drinks Eggless Cake Festival Recipes    Aadi
Masam Recipes    Avani Avittam Recipes    Christmas    Diwali Recipes
Fasting Recipes    Ganesh Chaturthi Recipes    Holi    Krishna Jayanti /
Gokulashtami Recipes    Navaratri Recipes    Onam    Prasad Recipes    Ram
Navami Recipes    Vishu Flatbreads Gluten Free Recipes Gujarati Recipes
Healthy Desserts Healthy, Low Oil & Diabetic Recipes Homemade Masala Recipes
Indian Breads Indian Regional Cuisine    Kerala Recipes    Maharashtrian
Recipes    North Indian Recipes    Palakkad Recipes    Punjabi Recipes
Tamil Nadu Recipes Indian Vegetarian    Curries & Gravies    Dal / Kadhi
Instant Pot Recipes International Recipes Italian Recipes Jams, Preserves,
Relish Kids Recipes Low Oil Recipes Low-calorie recipes Lunch Box Recipes Main
Course Millet Recipes No Onion No Garlic Recipe Oats Recipe Paneer Recipe
Paratha Recipes Pegan Pickles Potato Recipes Pulses and Legumes Raitas & Dips
Recipes under 30 minutes Rice Varieties Sabzi or Dry Vegetable Salads Side
Dish Snacks & Appetizers Soup Recipes South Indian Recipes SPL. HEALTH MEAL
PLANS Sugar free recipes Summer Recipes Travel Diaries Travel Recipes Vegan
Recipes Vegetables & Stir Fries Winter Recipes

### Featured In

## Footer

### About

  * Privacy Policy
  * Affiliate Disclosure
  * Disclaimer
  * Terms of Use
  * Contact Us

### Subscribe

### Follow Us

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * LinkedIn
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and
written permission from this site’s author and/or owner is strictly
prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear
credit is given to Vidya Narayan and Masalachilli with appropriate and
specific direction to the original content.

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

x

### Subscribe to our newsletter!

Join our mailing list to stay updated with latest healthy & tasty vegetarian
recipes!

Copyright (C) 2022 * Masala Chilli * Set up by Kaushik

  *   *   * 31
  *   * 

31 shares

