https://topsecretrecipes.com/panda-express-mandarin-chicken-copycat-recipe.html


  * Menu
    * Restaurants
    * Brands
    * Browse By Dishes
    * Recipes
    * Books
    * Spices & Sauces
    * Gear
    * Secret Recipe Club
    * Food Hacker Blog
  * Tools
    * Log In
    * Cart
    * Recipe Box
  * Quick Links
    * About
    * FAQ
    * Contact Us
    * Legal
  *     *     *       * Sign in / sign up

  *     * Free Newsletter

Subscribe

The #1 Copycat Recipes Website

Menu

  * Menu
    * Restaurants
    * Brands
    * Browse By Dishes
    * Recipes
    * Books
    * Spices & Sauces
    * Gear
    * Secret Recipe Club
    * Food Hacker Blog
  * Tools
    * Log In
    * Cart
    * Recipe Box
  * Quick Links
    * About
    * FAQ
    * Contact Us
    * Legal
  * Free Newsletter

Subscribe

Search

Sign in / sign up

Search

  * Sign in / sign up

0

items

Cart

####  Last added items

**Subtotal:** $0.00

View cart

  *   *   *   * 

  * Recipes
    * New Recipes
    * Restaurant Recipes
    * Brand Recipes
  * Browse Dishes
    * Entrees
    * Appetizers
    * Desserts
    * Side Dishes
    * Breakfast
    * Cookies & Brownies
    * Salads
    * View All Recipe Categories...
  * Spices & Sauces
  * Todd's Books
  * Secret Recipe Club
  * Food Hacker Blog
  * Recipe Box

  *   * Search

  * 

  * ←
  * Home
  * New Recipes
  * Panda Express Mandarin (Bourbon) Chicken

## Panda Express Mandarin (Bourbon) Chicken

By Todd Wilbur

Score: 4.71 (votes: 7)

Reviews: 7

  *   * $0.79

Qty:

Add to cart

Unlock Secret Recipe 79¢

Club members sign in, and click  
here to unlock this recipe

Here's a dish from a rapidly growing Chinese food chain that should satisfy
anyone who loves the famous marinated bourbon chicken found in food courts
across America. The sauce is the whole thing here, and it's quick to make
right on your own stove-top. Just fire up the barbecue or indoor grill for the
chicken and whip up a little white rice to serve on the side. Panda Express -
now 370 restaurants strong - is the fastest-growing Asian food chain in the
world. You'll find these tasty little quick-service food outlets in
supermarkets, casinos, sports arenas, college campuses, and malls across the
country passing out free samples for the asking.

Source: "Even More Top Secret Recipes" by Todd Wilbur.

### Get This

##### _main

  * 2/3 cup granulated sugar
  * 1/4 cup soy sauce
  * ...

Unlock Secret Recipe 79¢

Club members sign in, and click  
here to unlock this recipe

Get New Secret Recipes

Be the first to get Todd's latest hacked recipes, sent to your inbox every
week. Just enter your email.

Go

Reviews

Deb D

Feb 25, 2014, 22:00

I made this last night for dinner. Todd, you nailed the recipe on this one!
The flavor was perfect, the sauce delicious, and the recipe was quick and
easy. I served it with brown rice and we loved it!

Michelle Borofka

Nov 17, 2011, 22:00

Wow, excellent, tastes just like at panda express if not better!

More Reviews

Add review

### YOU MAY ALSO LIKE

  * Not rated yet

##### Monthly TSR Club

per month*



Includes eight (8) 79¢ recipes of your choice each month!

Read more

    * 25% off

  * Not rated yet

##### Annual TSR Club (Best Deal!)

per month

($23.88 annually)*  
Save $12 vs. monthly

Includes eight (8) 79¢ recipes of your choice each month!

Read more

    * 33% off

  * Score: 4.44 (votes: 9)

##### Panda Express Orange Flavored Chicken

This delicious crispy chicken in a citrusy sweet-and-sour chicken is the most
popular dish at the huge Chinese take-out chain. Panda Express cooks all of
its food in woks. If you don't have one of those, you can use a heavy skillet
or a large saute pan.

Source: _Even More Top Secret Recipes_ by Todd Wilbur.

Read more

  * Score: 4.97 (votes: 33)

##### P.F. Chang's Mongolian Beef

**Menu Description** : "Quickly-cooked steak with scallions and garlic."  
  
Beef lovers go crazy over this one at the restaurant. Flank steak is cut into
bite-sized chunks against the grain, then it's lightly dusted with potato
starch (in our case we'll use cornstarch), flash-fried in oil, and doused with
an amazing sweet soy garlic sauce. The beef comes out tender as can be, and
the simple sauce sings to your taste buds. I designed this recipe to use a
wok, but if you don't have one a saute pan will suffice (you may need to add
more oil to the pan to cover the beef in the flash-frying step). P. F. Chang's
secret sauce is what makes this dish so good, and it's versatile. If you don't
dig beef, you can substitute with chicken. Or you can brush it on grilled
salmon.

I've cloned a lot of the best dishes from P.F. Chang's. Click here to see if I
coped your favorite.

Source: _Top Secret Restaurant Recipes 2_ by Todd Wilbur.

Read more

  * Score: 5.00 (votes: 6)

##### Texas Roadhouse Rolls

I never thought dinner rolls were something I could get excited about until I
got my hand into the breadbasket at Texas Roadhouse. The rolls are fresh out
of the oven and they hit the table when you do, so there's no waiting to tear
into a magnificently gooey sweet roll topped with soft cinnamon butter. The
first bite you take will make you think of a fresh cinnamon roll, and then you
can't stop eating it. And when the first roll's gone, you are powerless to
resist grabbing for just one more. But it's never just one more. It's two or
three more, plus a few extra to take home for tomorrow.

Discovering the secret to making rolls at home that taste as good as Texas
Roadhouse Rolls involved making numerous batches of dough, each one sweeter
than the last (sweetened with sugar, not honey--I checked), until a very
sticky batch, proofed for 2 hours, produced exactly what I was looking for.
You can make the dough with a stand mixer or a handheld one, the only
difference being that you must knead the dough by hand without a stand mixer.
When working with the dough add a little bit of flour at a time to keep it
from sticking, and just know that the dough will be less sticky and more
workable after the first rise.

Roll the dough out and measure it as specified here, and after a final
proofing and a quick bake--plus a generous brushing of butter on the tops--you
will produce dinner rolls that look and taste just like the best rolls I've
had at any famous American dinner chain.

This recipe was our #1 most popular in 2019. Check out the other four most
unlocked recipes for the year: KFC Extra Crispy Fried Chicken (#2), Olive
Garden Braised Beef Bolognese (#3), Pizzeria Uno Chicago Deep Dish Pizza (#4),
Bush's Country Style Baked Beans (#5).

Read more

  * Score: 5.00 (votes: 4)

##### Rao's Homemade Marinara Sauce

Getting a table at the 123-year-old original Rao's restaurant in New York City
is next to impossible. The tables are "owned" by regulars who schedule their
meals months in advance, so every table is full every night, and that's the
way it's been for the last 38 years. The only way an outsider would get to
taste the restaurant's fresh marinara sauce is to be invited by a regular.

If that isn't in the stars for you, you could buy a bottle of the sauce at
your local market (if they even have it). It won't be fresh, and it's likely
to be the most expensive sauce in the store, but it still has that great Rao's
taste. An even better solution is to copy the Rao's Marinara sauce for
yourself using this new and very easy recipe.

The current co-owner of Rao's, Frank Pellegrino Jr., told _  Bon Appetit_ in
2015 that the famous marinara sauce was created by his grandmother many years
ago, and the sauce you buy in stores is the same recipe served in his
restaurants. The ingredients are common, but correctly choosing the main
ingredient--tomatoes--is important. Try to find San Marzano-style whole canned
tomatoes, preferably from Italy. They are a little more expensive than typical
canned tomatoes, but they will give you some great sauce.

After 30 minutes of cooking, you'll end up with about the same amount of sauce
as in a large jar of the real thing. Your version will likely be just a little
bit brighter and better than the bottled stuff, thanks to the fresh
ingredients. But now you can eat it anytime you want, with no reservations, at
a table  _you_ own.

This recipe was our #1 most popular in 2020. Check out the other four most
unlocked recipes for the year: Olive Garden Lasagna Classico (#2), King's
Hawaiian Original Hawaiian Sweet Rolls (#3), Pei Wei Better Orange Chicken
(#4), Chipotle Mexican Grill Carnitas (#5).

You might also like my #1 recipe of 2019, Texas Roadhouse Rolls.

Read more

  * Score: 4.60 (votes: 5)

##### Panda Express Chow Mein

I got lucky on the day I picked up a box of chow mein from this huge Chinese
chain because they had just run out. This meant that I could watch from the
sidelines as they whipped up a fresh batch in a giant wok over a high flame in
the completely visible kitchen, and I was able to take plenty of mental notes.
The whole dish took just a few minutes for the enthusiastic chef to prepare,
and before I knew it I was out the door with a huge box of hot chow mein ready
for hacking.

Just like the real Panda Express Chow Mein, the beauty in this re-creation is
its simplicity. There are only seven ingredients, and the prep work is low-
impact. I used dry chow mein noodles (also called Chinese stir fry noodles)
which are easy to find and cheap, and dark soy sauce to get that great caramel
color. And if you don't have a wok for this, a large skillet with sloped sides
for tossing will work just fine.

Find more of your favorite Panda Express copycat recipes like fried rice and
firecracker chicken here.

Read more

  * Score: 5.00 (votes: 3)

##### Pei Wei Wei Better Orange Chicken

This 220-unit downscaled version of P.F. Chang's China Bistro targets the
lunch crowd with a smaller menu that features bento boxes, bowls, and small
plates. Obviously, a clone is needed for this one, stat.

The name "Wei Better Orange Chicken" is a competitive callout to Panda
Express's signature orange chicken, which is made with pre-breaded and frozen
chicken. Pei Wei claims its orange chicken is prepared each day from scratch
with chicken that is never frozen, so we'll craft our clone the same way. But
rather than assemble the dish in a wok over a high-flame fast stove like they
do at the restaurant, we'll prepare the sauce and chicken separately, then
toss them with fresh orange wedges just before serving.

By the way, Pei Wei Better Orange Chicken goes very well with white or brown
rice, so don't forget to make some.

This recipe was our #4 most popular in 2020. Check out the other four most
unlocked recipes for the year: Rao's Homemade Marinara Sauce (#1), Olive
Garden Lasagna Classico (#2), King's Hawaiian Original Hawaiian Sweet Rolls
(#3), Chipotle Mexican Grill Carnitas (#5).

Read more

  * Score: 5.00 (votes: 1)

##### Panda Express Fried Rice

A popular staple of any Chinese chain is fried rice, so it better be good, and
the version served at Panda Express most certainly is. Here's my easy Panda
Express Fried Rice recipe for when you need a stress-free, low-cost side for
your entrees. But I do suggest that you cook the white rice several hours or
even a day or two before you plan to make the finished dish. I found that the
cooked rice called for in this recipe works best when it's cold.

As for a shortcut, bagged frozen peas and carrots will save you from the
hassle of petite-dicing carrots since the carrots in those bags are the
perfect size to produce an identical clone. And they're already cooked.

Now, how about some Honey Walnut Shrimp, or Beijing Beef to go with that rice?
Find all my Panda Express copycat recipes here.

Read more

  * Score: 5.00 (votes: 4)

##### Olive Garden Lasagna Classico

Crafting an Olive Garden's signature Lasagna Classico recipe became the
perfect opportunity to create a beautiful multi-layered lasagna hack recipe
that uses up the whole box of lasagna noodles and fills the baking pan all the
way to the top. This Top Secret Recipe makes a lasagna that tips the scale at
nearly 10 pounds and will feed hungry mouths for days, with every delicious
layer copied directly from the carefully dissected Olive Garden original.

I found a few credible bits of intel in a video of an Olive Garden chef
demonstrating what he claims is the real formula on a midday news show, but
the recipe was abbreviated for TV and the chef left out some crucial
information. One ingredient he conspicuously left out of the recipe is the
secret layer of Cheddar cheese located near the middle of the stack. I wasn't
expecting to find Cheddar in lasagna, but when I carefully separated the
layers from several servings of the original dish, there was the golden melted
cheesy goodness in every slice.

This clone recipe will make enough for 8 big portions, but if you make
slightly smaller slices this is easily enough food to fill twelve lasagna-
loving bellies. If you like lasagna, you're going to love this version.

This recipe was our #2 most popular in 2020. Check out the other four most
unlocked recipes for the year: Rao's Homemade Marinara Sauce (#1), King's
Hawaiian Original Hawaiian Sweet Rolls (#3), Pei Wei Better Orange Chicken
(#4), Chipotle Mexican Grill Carnitas (#5).

TRANSLATE with  x

English

Arabic| Hebrew| Polish  
---|---|---  
Bulgarian| Hindi| Portuguese  
Catalan| Hmong Daw| Romanian  
Chinese Simplified| Hungarian| Russian  
Chinese Traditional| Indonesian| Slovak  
Czech| Italian| Slovenian  
Danish| Japanese| Spanish  
Dutch| Klingon| Swedish  
English| Korean| Thai  
Estonian| Latvian| Turkish  
Finnish| Lithuanian| Ukrainian  
French| Malay| Urdu  
German| Maltese| Vietnamese  
Greek| Norwegian| Welsh  
Haitian Creole| Persian|  
  




TRANSLATE with

 COPY THE URL BELOW

  Back

EMBED THE SNIPPET BELOW IN YOUR SITE

Enable collaborative features and customize widget: Bing Webmaster Portal

Back

Read more

  * Not rated yet

##### KFC Extra Crispy Fried Chicken (Improved)

To get their Extra Crispy Chicken so crispy, KFC breads the chicken two times.
This double breading gives the chicken its ultra craggy exterior and extra
crunch, which is a different texture than the less crispy original recipe
fried chicken that's breaded just once and pressure fried.

As with my KFC Original Fried Chicken recipe, we must first brine the chicken
to give it flavor and moisture all the way through, like the real thing, then
the chicken is double breaded and deep-fried until golden brown. KFC uses
small chickens which cook faster, but small chickens can be hard to find. If
your chicken parts are on the large side, they may not cook all the way
through in the 12 to 15 minutes of frying I'm specifying here. To be sure your
chicken is cooked, start frying with the thickest pieces, like the breasts,
then park them in a 300-degree oven while you finish with the smaller pieces.
This will keep the chicken warm and crispy, and more importantly, ensure that
they are cooked perfectly all the way through.

On my CMT show _Top Secret Recipe_ I chatted with Winston Shelton, a long-time
friend of KFC founder Harland Sanders. Winston saw the Colonel's handwritten
secret recipe for KFC Original Recipe chicken, and he told me one of the
secret ingredients is Tellicherry black pepper. It's a more expensive, better-
tasting black pepper that comes from the Malabar coast in India, and you
should use it here if you can find it. Winston pulled me aside and whispered
this secret to me when he thought we were off-camera, but our microphones and
very alert cameramen caught the whole thing, and we aired it.

I first published my KFC Extra Crispy Fried Chicken recipe in _Even More Top
Secret Recipes, _but recently applied some newly acquired secrets and tips to
make this much-improved version of one of the most familiar fried chicken
recipes in the world.

This recipe was our #2 most popular in 2019. Check out the other four most
unlocked recipes of the year: Texas Roadhouse Rolls (#1), Olive Garden Braised
Beef Bolognese (#3), Pizzeria Uno Chicago Deep Dish Pizza (#4), Bush's Country
Style Baked Beans (#5).

Read more

  * Score: 4.18 (votes: 28)

##### Benihana Japanese Fried Rice

The talented chefs at Benihana cook food on hibachi grills with flair and
charisma, treating the preparation like a tiny stage show. They juggle salt
and pepper shakers, trim food with lightning speed, and flip the shrimp and
mushrooms perfectly onto serving plates or into their tall chef's hat.  
  
One of the side dishes that everyone seems to love is the fried rice. At
Benihana this dish is prepared by chefs with precooked rice on open hibachi
grills, and is ordered a la cart to complement any Benihana entree, including
Hibachi Steak and Chicken. I like when the rice is thrown onto the hot hibachi
grill and seems to come alive as it sizzles and dances around like a bunch of
little jumping beans. Okay, so I'm easily amused.  
  
My Benihana Japanese fried rice recipe will go well with just about any
Japanese entree, and can be partially prepared ahead of time and kept in the
refrigerator until the rest of the meal is close to done.  
  
Source: _Top Secret Restaurant Recipes_ by Todd Wilbur.

Read more

  * Score: 5.00 (votes: 2)

##### Panda Express Beijing Beef

The problem with adding sauce to fried food is that the wet sauce makes the
crunchy fried food not so crunchy. Panda Express manages to keep the crispy
beef in Beijing Beef crispy even though it may be sitting for over 20 minutes
in the sauce on its way to a hungry you. My early attempts at hacking my
favorite dish at the massive Chinese food chain all resulted in gummy, soggy
beef pieces that were more like flat dumplings than the delicious, crunchy
strips of joy they were meant to be.

Then finally, on one batch, I decided to fry the coated beef for much longer
than I intuitively felt it should be cooked, resulting in dark browning on the
cornstarch coating and an even darker piece of meat beneath it. I anticipated
a beef jerky experience, but when I took a bite, I found it to be delicious!
It wasn't tough and chewy as I expected it to be. And when this seemingly
overcooked beef was stirred into the sauce, it stayed crispy until served,
just like the real thing. Now, with the soggy beef problem solved, we've
finally got a good hack for Panda Express Beijing Beef.

Read more

  * Score: 5.00 (votes: 3)

##### Chipotle Mexican Grill Carnitas

Braised and shredded pork shoulder is a staple of Mexican cuisine that
Chipotle prepares with a simple blend of flavors, and a surprising ingredient
you may not have expected: juniper berries. Once you track those down (they're
easy to find online), the berries are combined with thyme and bay leaves in a
braising liquid that will transform your own pork roast into an easily
shreddable thing of beauty in under 3 hours. Then you can use your Chipotle
carnitas clone on tacos, in burritos, or in a bowl over rice and beans just
like they do in the restaurant.

When picking your pork roast, try to find one without too much fat. If your
roast has a thick cap of fat on it, trim off the excess. You want some fat in
your braising liquid, but if the cap of fat is too thick, it may not fully
render down and you'll get chunks of fat in the shred.

It's often assumed that the pork butt is from the rear end of the pig, even
though cuts from the back region already have a name: ham. The pork butt, also
known as a Boston butt, is cut from the other end, the upper shoulder of the
pig. It's called a "butt" because in pre-Revolutionary War New England the
roasts were stored and transported in barrels called "butts", and the
confusing name stuck.

This recipe was our #5 most popular in 2020. Check out the other four most
unlocked recipes for the year: Rao's Homemade Marinara Sauce (#1), Olive
Garden Lasagna Classico (#2), King's Hawaiian Original Hawaiian Sweet Rolls
(#3), Pei Wei Better Orange Chicken (#4).

Read more

  * Score: 4.40 (votes: 5)

##### Popeyes Famous Fried Chicken

Popeyes Famous Fried Chicken and Biscuits has become the third-largest quick-
service chicken chain in the world in the twenty-two years since its first
store opened in New Orleans in 1972. (KFC has the number-one slot, followed by
Church's Chicken). Since then, the chain has grown to 813 units, with many of
them overseas in Germany, Japan, Jamaica, Honduras, Guam, and Korea.

While making my Popeyes Fried Chicken recipe, I tested several spices and I
found that the right blend of cayenne and white pepper bring the same heat as
the original. Try my recipe below and see what you think.

You might also like to get your hands on my recipes for Popeyes Chicken
Sandwich and Popeyes biscuits.  
  
Source: _More Top Secret Recipes_ by Todd Wilbur.

Read more

  * Score: 5.00 (votes: 1)

##### Olive Garden Stuffed Chicken Marsala

**Menu Description:** "Creamy marsala wine sauce with mushrooms over grilled
chicken breasts, stuffed with Italian cheeses and sundried tomatoes. Served
with garlic mashed potatoes."

My Olive Garden Stuffed Chicken Marsala recipe includes a marsala sauce that
even marsala sauce haters will like. My wife is one of those haters, but when
she tried this sauce, her eyes lit up, and she begged for more. That's great,
now I won't have to eat alone.

Not only is Olive Garden's delicious marsala sauce hacked here (and it's easy
to make), you'll also get the copycat recipe for the chain's awesome Italian
cheese stuffing that goes between the two pan-cooked chicken fillets. Build
it, sauce it, serve it. The presentation is awesome, and the flavor will
soothe your soul.

Try this dish paired with my recent clone of Olive Garden's Garlic Mashed
Potatoes for the complete Olive Garden Stuffed Chicken Marsala experience.

Read more

  * Score: 5.00 (votes: 2)

##### Olive Garden Braised Beef Bolognese

**Braised Beef Pasta Menu Description:** "Slow-simmered meat sauce with tender
braised beef and Italian sausage, tossed with ruffled pappardelle pasta and a
touch of alfredo sauce--just like Nonna's recipe."

It's a mistake to assume that a recipe posted to a restaurant chain's website
is the real recipe for the food served there. I've found this to be the case
with many Olive Garden recipes, and this one is no exception. A widely
circulated recipe that claims to duplicate the chain's classic Bolognese
actually originated on Olive Garden's own website, and if you make that recipe
you'll be disappointed when the final product doesn't even come close to the
real deal. I won't get into all the specifics of the things wrong with that
recipe (too much wine, save some of that for drinking!), but at first glance
it's easy to see that a few important ingredients found in traditional
Bolognese sauces are conspicuously missing, including milk, basil, lemon, and
nutmeg.

I incorporated all those missing ingredients into my Olive Garden Braised Beef
Bolognese recipe, tweaked a few other things, and then tested several methods
of braising the beef so that it comes out perfectly tender: covered,
uncovered, and a combo. The technique I settled on was cooking the sauce
covered for 2 hours, then uncovered for 1 additional hour so that the sauce
reduces and the beef transforms into a fork-flakeable flavor bomb. Yes, it
comes from Olive Garden, but this Bolognese is better than any I've had at
restaurants that charge twice as much, like Rao's where the meat is ground,
not braised, and they hit you up for $30.  

As a side note, Olive Garden's menu says the dish comes with ruffled
pappardelle pasta, but it's actually mafaldine, a narrower noodle with curly
edges (shown in the top right corner of the photo). Pappardelle, which is the
traditional pasta to serve with Bolognese, is a very wide noodle with straight
edges, and it's more familiar than mafaldine, so perhaps that's why the menu
fudges this fact. In the end, it doesn't really matter which pasta you choose.
Just know that a wide noodle works best. Even fettuccine is good here.

For the little bit of alfredo sauce spooned into the middle of the dish, I
went with a premade bottled sauce to save time. You can also make this from
scratch if you like (I've got a great hack for Olive Garden's Alfredo Sauce),
but it's such a small amount that premade sauce in either a chilled tub from
the deli section or in a bottle off the shelf works great here.

This recipe was our #3 most popular in 2019. Check out the other four most
unlocked recipes of the year: Texas Roadhouse Rolls (#1) KFC Extra Crispy
Fried Chicken (#2), Pizzeria Uno Chicago Deep Dish Pizza (#4), Bush's Country
Style Baked Beans (#5).

And browse my other Olive Garden clone recipes here.

TRANSLATE with  x

English

Arabic| Hebrew| Polish  
---|---|---  
Bulgarian| Hindi| Portuguese  
Catalan| Hmong Daw| Romanian  
Chinese Simplified| Hungarian| Russian  
Chinese Traditional| Indonesian| Slovak  
Czech| Italian| Slovenian  
Danish| Japanese| Spanish  
Dutch| Klingon| Swedish  
English| Korean| Thai  
Estonian| Latvian| Turkish  
Finnish| Lithuanian| Ukrainian  
French| Malay| Urdu  
German| Maltese| Vietnamese  
Greek| Norwegian| Welsh  
Haitian Creole| Persian|  
  




TRANSLATE with

 COPY THE URL BELOW

  Back

EMBED THE SNIPPET BELOW IN YOUR SITE

Enable collaborative features and customize widget: Bing Webmaster Portal

Back

Read more

  * Score: 4.81 (votes: 47)

##### Cinnabon Cinnamon Rolls

In early 1985, restaurateur Rich Komen felt there was a specialty niche in
convenience-food service just waiting to be filled. His idea was to create an
efficient outlet that could serve freshly made cinnamon rolls in shopping
malls throughout the country. It took nine months for Komen and his staff to
develop a cinnamon roll recipe he knew customers would consider the "freshest,
gooiest, and most mouthwatering cinnamon roll ever tasted." The concept was
tested for the first time in Seattle's Sea-Tac mall later that year, with
workers mixing, proofing, rolling, and baking the rolls in full view of
customers. Now, more than 626 outlets later, Cinnabon has become the fastest-
growing cinnamon roll bakery in the world.  
  
Source: _More Top Secret Recipes_ by Todd Wilbur.

Read more

  * Score: 4.83 (votes: 6)

##### Long John Silver's Batter-Dipped Fish

Jerrico, Inc., the parent company for Long John Silver's Seafood Shoppes, got
its start in 1929 as a six-stool hamburger stand called the White Tavern
Shoppe. Jerrico was started by a man named Jerome Lederer, who watched Long
John Silver's thirteen units dwindle in the shadow of World War II to just
three units. Then, with determination, he began rebuilding. In 1946 Jerome
launched a new restaurant called Jerry's and it was a booming success, with
growth across the country. Then he took a chance on what would be his most
successful venture in 1969, with the opening of the first Long John Silver's
Fish 'n' Chips. The name was inspired by Robert Louis Stevenson's Treasure
Island. In 1991 there were 1,450 Long John Silver Seafood Shoppes in thirty-
seven states, Canada, and Singapore, with annual sales of more than $781
million. That means the company holds about 65 percent of the $1.2 billion
quick-service seafood business.

These days, it seems there are less and less Long John Silver restaurants.
Good thing you can follow my Long John Silver's Batter-Dipped Fish recipe
below and enjoy that same great flavor at home.

Make my McDonald's French Fries recipe for the classic fish 'n chips
experience.  
  
Source: _Top Secret Recipes_ by Todd Wilbur.

Read more

  * Score: 5.00 (votes: 9)

##### P.F. Chang's Chang's Spicy Chicken

**Menu Description** : "Lightly-dusted, stir-fried in a sweet Szechwan sauce."  
  
The delicious sweet-and-spicy secret sauce is what makes this dish one of P.
F. Chang's top picks. Once the sauce is finished all you have to do is saute
your chicken and combine. You'll want to cook up some white or brown rice,
like at the restaurant. If you can't find straight chili sauce for this
recipe, the more common chili sauce with garlic in it will work just as well.

Check out my other P.F. Chang's clone recipes here.  
  
Source: _Top Secret Restaurant Recipes 2_ by Todd Wilbur.

TRANSLATE with  x

English

Arabic | Hebrew | Polish  
---|---|---  
Bulgarian | Hindi | Portuguese  
Catalan | Hmong Daw | Romanian  
Chinese Simplified | Hungarian | Russian  
Chinese Traditional | Indonesian | Slovak  
Czech | Italian | Slovenian  
Danish | Japanese | Spanish  
Dutch | Klingon | Swedish  
English | Korean | Thai  
Estonian | Latvian | Turkish  
Finnish | Lithuanian | Ukrainian  
French | Malay | Urdu  
German | Maltese | Vietnamese  
Greek | Norwegian | Welsh  
Haitian Creole | Persian |  
  
TRANSLATE with

COPY THE URL BELOW

Back

EMBED THE SNIPPET BELOW IN YOUR SITE

Enable collaborative features and customize widget: Bing Webmaster Portal

Back

Read more

  * Score: 5.00 (votes: 2)

##### Olive Garden Chicken Parmigiana

**Menu Description:** "Two lightly fried parmesan-breaded chicken breasts are
smothered with Olive Garden's homemade marinara sauce and melted Italian
cheeses. We serve our Chicken Parmigiana with a side of spaghetti for dinner."

Chicken parmigiana is a forever favorite, and it's not a difficult dish to
whip up at home. But for it to taste like the Olive Garden signature entree,
we'll need to take some very specific steps.

Olive Garden's chicken is salty and moist all the way through, so we must
first start by brining the chicken. Give yourself an extra hour for this
important marinating step. The marinara sauce used on the chicken is an Olive
Garden specialty and no bottled sauce compares, so we'll make our own from
scratch using canned crushed tomatoes and the formula below.

While the sauce cooks, filling your house with its intoxicating aroma, the
chicken is breaded and browned. When the marinara is done, top the chicken
with the sauce and mozzarella and stick it under your hot broiler until
bubbling.

Hopefully, everyone at your house is hungry, because the Olive Garden dinner
portion is two chicken fillets, and my Olive Garden Chicken Parmigiana recipe
will yield a total of four 2-piece servings. Add a small serving of spaghetti
on the side, topped with more of the delicious sauce, and you'll have a
perfect match to the restaurant plate.

Can't get enough Olive Garden? Click here for more of your favorite copycat
recipes.

TRANSLATE with  x

English

Arabic| Hebrew| Polish  
---|---|---  
Bulgarian| Hindi| Portuguese  
Catalan| Hmong Daw| Romanian  
Chinese Simplified| Hungarian| Russian  
Chinese Traditional| Indonesian| Slovak  
Czech| Italian| Slovenian  
Danish| Japanese| Spanish  
Dutch| Klingon| Swedish  
English| Korean| Thai  
Estonian| Latvian| Turkish  
Finnish| Lithuanian| Ukrainian  
French| Malay| Urdu  
German| Maltese| Vietnamese  
Greek| Norwegian| Welsh  
Haitian Creole| Persian|  
  




TRANSLATE with

 COPY THE URL BELOW

  Back

EMBED THE SNIPPET BELOW IN YOUR SITE

Enable collaborative features and customize widget: Bing Webmaster Portal

Back

Read more

  * Score: 4.96 (votes: 24)

##### Boston Market Meatloaf

In the early 90's Boston Chicken was rockin' it. The home meal replacement
chain's stock was soaring and the lines were filled with hungry customers
waiting to sink their teeth into a serving of the chain's delicious rotisserie
chicken. The chain was so successful with chicken, the company quickly decided
it was time to introduce other entree selections, the first of which was a
delicious barbecue sauce-covered ground sirloin meatloaf.

Offering the other entrees presented the company with a dilemma: what to do
about the name. The bigwigs decided it was time to change the name to Boston
Market, to reflect a wider menu. That meant replacing signs on hundreds of
units and retooling the marketing campaigns. That name change, plus rapid
expansion of the chain and growth of other similar home-style meal concepts,
sent the company into a tailspin. By 1988, Boston Market's goose was cooked,
and the company filed for bankruptcy. Soon McDonald's stepped in to purchase
the company, with the idea of closing many of the stores for good, and
slapping Golden Arches on the rest. But that plan was scrapped when, after
selling many of the under-performing Boston Markets, the chain began to fly
once again.  Within a year of the acquisition Boston Market was profitable,
and those meals with the home-cooked taste are still being served at over 700
Boston Market restaurants across the country.

Use my Boston Market Meatloaf recipe below to copy the same flavor of that
first non-chicken dish, a delicious barbecue sauce-covered ground sirloin
meatloaf. You might also like to try my Boston Market side-dish recipes here.  
  
Source: _Even More Top Secret Recipes_ by Todd Wilbur.

Read more

  * Score: 4.71 (votes: 14)

##### El Pollo Loco Flame-Broiled Chicken

El Pollo Loco, or "The Crazy Chicken," has been growing like mad since it
crossed over the border into the United States from Mexico. Francisco Ochoa
unknowingly started a food phenomenon _  internacional_ in 1975 when he took a
family recipe for chicken marinade and opened a small roadside _restaurante_
in Gusave, Mexico. He soon had 90 stores in 20 cities throughout Mexico. The
first El Pollo Loco in the United States opened in Los Angeles in December
1980 and was an immediate success. It was only three years later that Ochoa
got the attention of bigwigs at Dennys, Inc., who offered him $11.3 million
for his U.S. operations. Ochoa took the deal, and El Pollo Loco grew from 17
to more than 200 outlets over the following decade.

Pair my El Pollo Loco Flame Broiled Chicken recipe below with my copycat
recipes for El Pollo Loco avocado salsa, pinto beans, Spanish rice, and bbq
black beans.

Source: __More Top Secret Recipes__ by Todd Wilbur.

Read more

  * Score: 5.00 (votes: 1)

##### Qdoba 3-Cheese Queso

There are many acceptable ways to formulate good queso, but to make this
specific queso the ingredients must be correct, and most copycat recipes seem
to get it wrong. A few recipes get one of the peppers and two of the cheeses
right, but pretty much every recipe out there is a bit of a mess that I will
now save you from.

Quesos can be made with a variety of cheeses that include queso fresco,
asadero, and Muenster, but this particular queso includes a cheese you
probably didn't expect: Swiss. That cheese is slow to melt, so we'll shred it
first, along with the Jack. And you won't need to gum up the queso with flour
or cornstarch by making a roux because the white American cheese in the mix
contains sodium citrate or sodium phosphate--additives that help the cheese
melt smoothly and stay that way.

Authors of recipes that call for tomatoes in this dish haven't looked closely.
Those are red bell peppers and they are roasted, peeled, and seeded along with
the poblano and jalapenos before they are diced and added to the cheese sauce.
The sauce cooks on low heat, never bubbling, so that it stays smooth and
creamy.

When done, your Qdoba 3-cheese queso might seem thin in the pan, but it will
thicken as it cools to a perfect consistency for dipping tortilla chips, or as
a topping for tacos and burrito bowls.

Find my recipes for Qdoba Adobo Chicken and Habanero Salsa here.

Read more

  * Score: 5.00 (votes: 1)

##### Bush's Country Style Baked Beans

In the Bush's Beans commercials, Duke, the family golden retriever, wants to
sell the secret family recipe, but the Bush family always stops him. The dog
is based on the Bush family's real-life golden retriever, and the campaign,
which began in 1995, made Bush's the big dog of the canned baked beans market
practically overnight. Their confidential baked beans formula is considered
one of the top 10 biggest recipe secrets in the U.S.

Bush Brothers & Company had been canning a variety of fruits and vegetables
for over 60 years when, in 1969, the company created canned baked beans using
a cherished recipe from a family matriarch. Sales jumped from 10 thousand
cases in the first year to over 100 thousand cases in 1970. And just one year
later sales hit a million cases. Today Bush's makes over 80 percent of the
canned baked beans sold in the U.S., and the secret family recipe remains a
top food secret, despite Duke's attempts. A replica of the original recipe
book--without the original recipe in it (drat!)--is on display at the
company's visitor center in Chestnut Hill, Tennessee.

I chose to hack the "Country Style" version of Bush's Beans because I don't
think the Original flavor has enough, uh, flavor. Country Style is similar to
Original, but richer, with more brown sugar. My recipe for Bush's Country
Style baked beans starts by soaking dry small white beans in a brine
overnight. The salt in the water helps to soften the skins, but don't soak
them for more than 14 hours or the skins may begin to fall off. You can skip
this step if you've got a fancy Instant Pot using my directions below.

My first versions tasted great but lacked the deep brown color of the real
Bush's beans, which include caramel coloring--an ingredient that can be hard
to find on its own. I eventually discovered that the "browning" sauce, Kitchen
Bouquet, will add the dark caramel color needed to our home version of the
beans so that they'll look just like the real thing.

This recipe was our #5 most popular in 2019. Check out the other four most
unlocked recipes of the year: Texas Roadhouse Rolls (#1) KFC Extra Crispy
Fried Chicken (#2), Olive Garden Braised Beef Bolognese (#3), Pizzeria Uno
Chicago Deep Dish Pizza (#4).



TRANSLATE with  x

English

Arabic| Hebrew| Polish  
---|---|---  
Bulgarian| Hindi| Portuguese  
Catalan| Hmong Daw| Romanian  
Chinese Simplified| Hungarian| Russian  
Chinese Traditional| Indonesian| Slovak  
Czech| Italian| Slovenian  
Danish| Japanese| Spanish  
Dutch| Klingon| Swedish  
English| Korean| Thai  
Estonian| Latvian| Turkish  
Finnish| Lithuanian| Ukrainian  
French| Malay| Urdu  
German| Maltese| Vietnamese  
Greek| Norwegian| Welsh  
Haitian Creole| Persian|  
  




TRANSLATE with

 COPY THE URL BELOW

  Back

EMBED THE SNIPPET BELOW IN YOUR SITE

Enable collaborative features and customize widget: Bing Webmaster Portal

Back

Read more

  * Score: 5.00 (votes: 1)

##### King's Hawaiian Original Hawaiian Sweet Rolls

A recipe for Portuguese sweet bread inspired the soft rolls that became a big
hit at Robert Tiara's Bakery & Restaurant in Honolulu, Hawaii in the 1950s. It
wasn't long before Robert changed the name of his thriving business to King's
Hawaiian, and in 1977 the company opened its first bakery on the mainland, in
Torrance, California, to make the now-famous island sweet rolls sold in stores
across the U.S.

King's Hawaiian Rolls are similar to Texas Roadhouse Rolls in that they are
both pillowy, sweet white rolls, so it made sense to dig out my Texas
Roadhouse Rolls clone recipe and use it as a starting point. These new rolls
had to be slightly softer and sweeter, so I made some adjustments and added a
little egg for color. And by baking the dough in a high-rimmed baking pan with
24 dough balls placed snugly together, I ended up with beautiful rolls that
rose nicely to the occasion, forming a tear-apart loaf just like the original
King's Hawaiian Rolls, but with clean ingredients, and without the dough
conditioners found in the packaged rolls.

Use these fluffy sweet rolls for sandwiches, sliders, or simply warmed up and
slathered with soft European butter.

This recipe was our #3 most popular in 2020. Check out the other four most
unlocked recipes for the year: Rao's Homemade Marinara Sauce (#1), Olive
Garden Lasagna Classico (#2), Pei Wei Better Orange Chicken (#4), Chipotle
Mexican Grill Carnitas (#5).

Read more

  * Score: 5.00 (votes: 1)

##### Chipotle Carne Asada

Chipotle's popular limited offering is a good example of how straightforward
and flavorful carne asada can be. It's not overly mysterious since Chipotle is
transparent about the ingredients used for the restaurant's entire menu--53
ingredients in all--but identifying those is only the beginning of the
process. There was still plenty of work to do in establishing ratios and
settling on an ideal preparation method.

Carne asada is almost always made with flank steak or skirt steak. A server at
Chipotle told me they use skirt steak, which is surprising since that is the
tougher of the two cuts. Perhaps she was wrong about that? Flank steak also
has a better flavor than skirt steak, so I'm recommending flank here. Just be
sure not to marinate it for more than 2 days or the acid in the marinade may
toughen your steak and you certainly don't want that.

After you grill it, slice your copycat Chipotle carne asada across the grain
and use it in burritos, tacos, bowls, or as a Southwest-style salad topper.

Click here for more of my Chipotle copycat recipes.

Read more

  * Score: 5.00 (votes: 4)

##### Maggiano's Beef Tenderloin Medallions

For many years this entree has been a top menu choice at Maggiano's, the
54-unit Italian chain from Brinker, the same company that operates Chili's
Grill & Bar. The $30 restaurant dish consists of three 2½-ounce tenderloin
steaks, swimming in a fantastic balsamic cream sauce with sliced portabello
mushrooms--but a home version of Maggiano's Beef Tenderloin Medallions is only
seven easy steps away, and it won't hit you in the wallet as hard as the
pricey original.

Cracking this dish required a perfect hack of the sauce, and that came quickly
after obtaining some very reliable information from my incredibly helpful
server/informant at a Las Vegas Maggiano's. Let's call him Skippy.

According to Skippy, the balsamic cream sauce is as simple as mixing a sweet
balsamic glaze with the chain's creamy Alfredo sauce. So, I first got a sample
of Maggiano's Alfredo sauce and figured out how to replicate it. Once that was
done, I measured increments of balsamic glaze into the Alfredo sauce until the
color and flavor matched the original. The rest of the recipe was easy.

This recipe will make two servings of the Maggiano's Beef Tenderloin
Medallions and includes preparation for the tenderloins and sauce. If you'd
like to complete the dish the way it's served at the restaurant (as in the
photo), add some garlic mashed potatoes on the side, using my hack for Olive
Garden Garlic Mashed Potatoes.  

Read more

  * Score: 5.00 (votes: 1)

##### KFC Potato Wedges

"Don't call them fries," says KFC about its popular side made with sliced,
skin-on russet potatoes. What sets these potatoes apart from all the others is
the secret breading made with a similar seasoning blend to the one used for
Colonel's Original Recipe Fried Chicken. To achieve the proper crispiness, the
potatoes are par-fried, frozen, then fried again until golden brown.

One important ingredient that completes the flavor is MSG. Monosodium
glutamate is a food additive derived from glutamic acid, which is an important
amino acid found in abundance in nature, food, and in you right now. Over the
last 60 years of study and use, MSG has not only been found harmless in normal
amounts, but tests have shown glutamate to be a chemical messenger that
benefits gut health, immunity, and brain functions such as memory and
learning. In addition to all of that, it imparts a unique savoriness that
enhances flavors in other ingredients and makes your food taste amazing. Using
MSG in your food is, literally, smart cooking.

Another important ingredient is ground Tellicherry black pepper, a select
black pepper from India. Winston Shelton, a friend of Harland Sanders who
invented the first high-volume pressure fryers for KFC, confirmed this.
Shelton recalled seeing the ingredient when Sanders showed him the secret
formula for the fried chicken seasoning he had scribbled on a piece of paper.

While we were shooting the first episode of my TV Show, _Top Secret Recipe_,
Winston pulled me aside and whispered to me that Tellicherry pepper is crucial
to creating the unique KFC aftertaste. It was a great tip, and fortunately, we
caught that moment on camera and you can see it in the show. Later, I
conducted a side-by-side taste test with common black pepper and Tellicherry
black pepper and discovered Winston was right. If you want the best taste for
your copycat KFC Potato Wedges, you'll need Tellicherry pepper, which you can
find online and in some food stores. Be sure to grind it fine before using it.

For my KFC Potato Wedges recipe, just two russet potatoes are all it takes to
make the equivalent of a large serving of fried potato wedges, which will be
enough for at least four people.

Get more of my KFC copycat recipes here.

Read more

  * Score: 5.00 (votes: 2)

##### Panda Express Honey Walnut Shrimp

Three components must be mastered to properly hack this top menu pick at the
country's largest fast Chinese chain: candied nuts, honey sauce, and perfectly
battered shrimp. For the candied walnuts, I came up with a technique using the
oven, which means there's no candy thermometer required and it's a no-brainer.
For the sauce, you just whisk the ingredients together in a bowl.

To make your shrimp look like the shrimp at Panda Express, you don't want them
tightly curled up when they fry. You can keep them from curling by pinching
the tail end of each shrimp after it has been floured and dipping it into the
batter headfirst. When you pull it out, the weight of the batter will help
unfurl the shrimp a bit, and if you then lower it slowly into the oil it will
mostly stay that way.

When all the shrimp have been fried, bake them in the oven so that they are
crispy and warm, then toss the shrimp and the nuts in the sweet honey sauce
and serve. You'll swear you're eating Panda Express Honey Walnut Shrimp
straight from the restaurant.

Read more

  * Score: 4.38 (votes: 8)

##### Olive Garden Breadsticks

Anyone who loves Olive Garden is probably also a big fan of the bottomless
basket of warm, garlicky breadsticks served before each meal at the huge
Italian casual chain. My guess is that the breadsticks are proofed, and then
sent to each restaurant where they are baked until golden brown, brushed with
butter and sprinkled with garlic salt. Getting the bread just right for a good
Olive Garden breadstick recipe was tricky—I tried several different amounts of
yeast in all-purpose flour, but then settled on bread flour to give these
breadsticks the same chewy bite as the originals. The two-stage rising process
is also a crucial step in this much requested homemade Olive Garden breadstick
recipe. Also check out our Olive Garden Italian salad dressing recipe.  
  
Source: _Top Secret Restaurant Recipes 3_ by Todd Wilbur.

Read more

  * Score: 4.78 (votes: 18)

##### Chipotle Mexican Grill Barbacoa Burrito

**Menu Description** : "Spicy, shredded beef, braised with our own chipotle
adobo, cumin, cloves, garlic and oregano."  
  
The original Mexican dish _barbacoa_ was traditionally prepared by cooking
almost any kind of meat goat, fish, chicken, or cow cheek meat, to name just a
few, in a pit covered with leaves over low heat for many hours, until tender.
When the dish made its way into the United States via Texas the word
transformed into "barbecue" and the preparation changed to incorporate above-
ground techniques such as smoking and grilling.

The good news is that we can re-create the beef barbacoa that Chipotle has
made popular on its ginormous burritos without digging any holes in our
backyard or tracking down a local source for fresh cow faces. After braising
about 30 pounds of chuck roasts, I finally discovered the perfect Chipotle
Mexican Grill barbacoa burrito copycat recipe with a taste-alike adobo sauce
that fills your roast with flavor as it slowly cooks to a fork-tender delicacy
on your stovetop over 5 to 6 hours.

Part of the secret for great adobo sauce is toasting whole cumin seeds and
cloves and then grinding them in a coffee grinder (measure the spices after
grinding them). Since the braising process takes so long, start early in the
day and get ready for a big dinner, because I've also included clones here for
Chipotle's pico de gallo, pinto beans, and delicious cilantro-lime rice to
make your burritos complete. You can add your choice of cheese, plus guacamole
and sour cream for a super-deluxe clone version.

If you prefer chicken burritos, head on over to my clone recipe for Qdoba
Grilled Adobo Chicken.  
  
Source:  _Top Secret Recipes Unlocked_ by Todd Wilbur.

Read more

  * Score: 5.00 (votes: 3)

##### Taco Bell Chalupa Supreme

I'm not sure when it happened, but it appears Taco Bell recently changed its
seasoned beef recipe. I hacked the recipe several years ago for the book _TSR
Step-by-Step_, and I recall the recipe had much more oat filler, so that's how
I cloned it. Taco Bell came under fire in 2011 for the significant amount of
oats in the recipe that the chain was listing as "spices," and after that,
Taco Bell was more transparent about ingredients. But somewhere along the way
it appears the company tweaked the recipe to include less filler and more
flavor, so I decided I had to create a new Top Secret Recipe for the beef.

My Taco Bell Chalupa Supreme recipe makes a duplicate of the beef currently
served at Taco Bell. If you want to turn it into a Chalupa--which the
restaurant makes by deep frying the flatbread used for Gorditas--the
instructions are here. But you can also use this new, improved beef hack for
anything you're copying, whether it's tacos, burritos, Enchiritos, Mexican
Pizzas, or a big pile of nachos.

The secret ingredient in our hack is Knorr tomato bouillon. This flavor powder
adds many ingredients found in the original recipe and provides the umami
savoriness that's required for a spot-on clone of the famous seasoned ground
beef. To get the right flavor, you need to find "Knorr Tomato Bouillon with
Chicken Flavor" powder, in a jar. Not the bouillon cubes.

Smother your creation in mild, hot or diablo sauce. Try all my Taco Bell
copycat recipes here.

Read more

  * Score: 5.00 (votes: 2)

##### Benihana Hibachi Chicken and Steak

When 20-year old Rocky Aoki came to New York City from Japan with his
wrestling team in 1959 he was convinced it was the land of opportunity. Just
five years later he used $10,000 he had saved plus another $20,000 that he
borrowed to open a Benihana steakhouse on the West Side of Manhattan. His
concept of bringing the chefs out from the back of the kitchen to prepare the
food in front of customers on a specially designed hibachi grill was
groundbreaking. The restaurant was such a smashing success that it paid for
itself within 6 months.  
  
The most popular items at the restaurant are the Hibachi Chicken and Hibachi
Steak, which are prepared at your table on an open hibachi grill. But, since
most home kitchens are not fitted with a hibachi grill, you'll have to
improvise. It's best to use two pans for my Benihana hibachi chicken and steak
recipe below; one for the meat and mushrooms, and the other for the remaining
vegetables. And since many of today's cooking surfaces are coated with
scratchable, nonstick coatings, we won't be slicing the meat and vegetables
while they are sizzling on the hot cooking surface as the Benihana chefs do.  
  
Grab my clone recipes for the Ginger and Mustard Dipping Sauces here!  
  
Source: _Top Secret Restaurant Recipes_ by Todd Wilbur.

Read more

  * Score: 5.00 (votes: 14)

##### Jimmy Dean Breakfast Sausage

Before he became America's sausage king, Jimmy Dean was known for crooning the
country hit "Big Bad John." That song came out in 1962 and sold more than 8
million copies. His singing success launched a television career on ABC with
_The Jimmy Dean Show,_ where Roy Clark, Patsy Cline, and Roger Miller got
their big breaks. The TV exposure led to acting roles for Jimmy, as a regular
on _Daniel Boone,_ and in feature films, including his debut in the James Bond
flick _Diamonds are Forever_. Realizing that steady income from an acting and
singing career can be undependable, Jimmy invested his show-biz money in a hog
farm. In 1968 the Jimmy Dean Meat Company developed the special recipe for
sausage that has now become a household name. Today the company is part of the
Sara Lee Corporation, and Jimmy retired as company spokesman in 2004.

My Jimmy Dean breakfast sausage recipe re-creates three varieties of the
famous roll sausage that you form into patties and cook in a skillet. Use
ground pork found at the supermarket--make it lean pork if you like--or grind
some up yourself if you have a meat grinder.

Check out more of my famous breakfast food clone recipes here.  
  
Source: _Top Secret Recipes Unlocked_ by Todd Wilbur.

Read more

  * Score: 5.00 (votes: 1)

##### Cracker Barrel Meatloaf

The Southern-themed chain famous for its gift shops filled with made-in-
America products and delicious homestyle food is also known to have a
particularly good meatloaf. This dish ranks high in popularity, right up there
with the Chicken 'n Dumplins and the Hash Brown Casserole, so a good Cracker
Barrel Meatloaf recipe is long overdue.

Making meatloaf is easy. What's hard is making it taste like the meatloaf at
Cracker Barrel which is tender and juicy, and flavored with onion, green
pepper, and tomato. I sought to turn out a moist and tender loaf of meat, and
one that's not dry and tough, but my first attempts were much too dense. I
wasn't happy about that, but my dog was thrilled.

After playing around with the eggs-to-breadcrumbs-to-milk ratios and being
careful to use gentle hands when combining everything and pressing it into the
loaf pan, the final batch was a winner and I get to pass it along to you.  

It's best to use a meatloaf pan here which has an insert that lets the fat
drip to the bottom, away from the meat. A regular loaf pan will still work,
but you'll want to pour off the fat in the pan before slicing.

Satisfy your Cracker Barrel cravings with more of my copycat recipes here.

Read more

  * Score: 4.94 (votes: 34)

##### Auntie Anne's Pretzels

The first Auntie Anne's pretzel store opened in 1988 in the heart of pretzel
country--a Pennsylvanian Amish farmers' market. Over 500 stores later, Auntie
Anne's is one of the most requested secret clone recipes around, especially on
the internet.

Many of the copycat Auntie Anne's soft pretzel recipes passed around the Web
require bread flour, and some use honey as a sweetener. But by studying the
Auntie Anne's home pretzel-making kit in my secret underground laboratory,
I've created a better Auntie Anne's copycat recipe with a superior way to re-
create the delicious mall treats at home. For the best quality dough, you just
need all-purpose flour. And powdered sugar works great to perfectly sweeten
the dough. Now you just have to decide if you want to make the more
traditional salted pretzels, or the sweet cinnamon sugar-coated kind.
Decisions, decisions.

Find more of my copycat recipes for famous muffins, bagels, and rolls here.

Source: _Even More Top Secret Recipes_ by Todd Wilbur.

Try my improved version in Top Secret Recipes Step-by-Step.

Read more

  * Score: 5.00 (votes: 3)

##### Outback Steakhouse Baked Potato Soup

**Menu Description** : "Creamy potato soup topped with melted cheese, bacon,
and green onions."

It's not called baked potato soup because the potatoes in it are baked. It's
called baked potato soup because it's topped with shredded cheese, bacon, and
green onion, and it tastes like a loaded baked potato. Other hacky hacks for
this recipe miss that point and add over an hour to the preparation process by
preheating an oven and baking the potatoes, all while hungry stomachs are
growling on the sidelines. My version skips that part by adding the raw
potatoes directly into the pot with the other ingredients, where they cook in
20 minutes, and the soup is ready to eat in less time than other recipes take
just to get the potatoes done.

Also, other clones add way too much flour to thicken the soup--¾ cup! Sure,
flour is good at thickening, but it doesn't add any flavor, so I found a
better way. I ended up using just a little flour to make the roux, then later
thickening the soup mostly with dehydrated potato flakes, which are used to
make quick mashed potatoes. The flakes not only do a great job of thickening
the soup, but they also add more delicious potato flavor to the pot, just like
the real Outback Baked Potato Soup.

Top your finished soup with shredded cheese, crumbled bacon, and green onion,
and every spoonful will taste like a fully decked-out baked potato.

Finish off your meal with a famous entree from Outback like Alice Springs
Chicken, or Toowoomba Steak.

TRANSLATE with  x

English

Arabic| Hebrew| Polish  
---|---|---  
Bulgarian| Hindi| Portuguese  
Catalan| Hmong Daw| Romanian  
Chinese Simplified| Hungarian| Russian  
Chinese Traditional| Indonesian| Slovak  
Czech| Italian| Slovenian  
Danish| Japanese| Spanish  
Dutch| Klingon| Swedish  
English| Korean| Thai  
Estonian| Latvian| Turkish  
Finnish| Lithuanian| Ukrainian  
French| Malay| Urdu  
German| Maltese| Vietnamese  
Greek| Norwegian| Welsh  
Haitian Creole| Persian|  
  




TRANSLATE with

 COPY THE URL BELOW

  Back

EMBED THE SNIPPET BELOW IN YOUR SITE

Enable collaborative features and customize widget: Bing Webmaster Portal

Back

Read more

  * Score: 5.00 (votes: 6)

##### Pizzeria Uno Chicago Deep Dish Pizza

A requirement of any visit to Chicago is eating at least one slice of deep
dish pizza in the city that perfected it. Deep dish pizza quickly became a
Chicago staple after Ike Sewell and Ric Riccardo opened the first Pizzeria Uno
in 1943 and served a hearty new style of pizza constructed in a high-rimmed
cake pan. The yeast crust was tender and flakey, like a pastry, and the cheese
was layered under the sauce so that it wouldn't burn in a hot oven for the
long cooking time.

While researching a home hack of this now-iconic recipe, I discovered an
unexpected technique that I hadn't seen in other deep dish recipes. Employees
told me the pizza crusts are partially cooked each morning to cut down on the
wait time for customers. Before the restaurant opens each day, cooks press the
dough into a pan and then sprinkle it with a little shredded cheese. The
shells are then partially baked and set aside. Later, when an order comes in,
the pizza is built into one of the par-baked crusts and finished off. This way
customers get their food faster, and the tables turn over quicker.

Copying that delicious, flakey crust was the task that took me the longest.
After two weeks of baking, I finally settled on a formula that was a mash-up
of yeast dough and pie crust and made a perfectly tender deep dish crust, with
great flavor that exactly mimicked the original. If you like Uno, you'll love
this!

Regarding the cheese: be sure your cheese is at room temperature, not cold, or
it may not melt all the way through. Also, it's best if you buy cheese by the
block and shred it yourself. Pre-shredded cheese is dusted with cornstarch so
that the shreds don't stick together in the bag, and it won't melt as smoothly
as cheese you shred by hand.

My Pizzeria Uno Chicago Deep Dish Pizza recipe will make enough sauce for two
pizzas. I just thought you should know that in case you get the urge to make
another deep dish after this one disappears.

This recipe was our #4 most popular in 2019. Check out the other four most
unlocked recipes of the year: Texas Roadhouse Rolls (#1) KFC Extra Crispy
Fried Chicken (#2), Olive Garden Braised Beef Bolognese (#3), Bush's Country
Style Baked Beans (#5).

Read more

  * Score: 5.00 (votes: 4)

##### P.F. Chang's Kung Pao Chicken

****Menu Description** **:**** **  "**Quick-fired with peanuts, chili peppers
and scallions. Our hot favorite."  
  
My favorite chicken dish at P.F. Chang's is also the top spicy chicken entree
at the 89-unit China bistro chain. The secret to homemade P.F. Chang's Kung
Pao chicken is combining the right ingredients for the perfect marinade that
will also become the sauce. Soy sauce and oyster sauce provide the saltiness.
Mirin, which is sweetened sake, contributes the sweet flavor component. Chili
oil gives the sauce its spicy kick, and a little rice vinegar adds the
necessary acidy.

Sliced chicken breasts take a soak in this sauce for about an hour, then the
chicken is dusted with a little cornstarch and flash-fried in peanut oil. You
can use a wok for the frying stage and then rinse it out for use in the final
saute, or you can use a medium saucepan to fry the chicken and a saute pan to
finish cooking everything with the reserved sauce. Either way, you'll get a
great clone that goes perfect with a side of white or brown rice. Sure, I
nailed the recipe for P.F. Chang's Kung Pao chicken, but I still can't pick up
peanuts with chopsticks.

Find more cool P.F.Chang's copycat recipes here.  
  
Source: _Top Secret Restaurant Recipes 3_ by Todd Wilbur.

Read more

  * Score: 5.00 (votes: 3)

##### Taco Bell Shredded Chicken Soft Taco

In November 2020, Taco Bell said "adios" to several classic items from their
menu including Mexican Pizza--one of my long-time favorites--and anything with
shredded chicken in it, including the chicken soft taco. But teary goodbyes
from fans of the tasty spiced chicken can be avoided if we have a good (and
easy) recipe to craft a duplicate at home. Since the fast Mexican chain
announced the changes several months in advance, I had time to work up a good
hack before the tacos were gone forever.

After cooking the chicken several ways, I settled on poaching the fillets in
chicken broth, which kept them moist and added great umami flavor. When the
chicken cooled, I shredded it, and added it to a sauce seasoned with spices
and lime juice, and flavored with Knorr tomato chicken bouillon.

As the sauce thickens it will reduce and infuse the chicken with flavor, just
like the original Taco Bell shredded chicken, then it's ready for you to use
on tacos, burritos, salads, or whatever. And don't forget the hot sauce!

Read more

  * Score: 5.00 (votes: 3)

##### Pizza Hut Meaty Marinara Pasta

One of two pasta dishes currently on the pizza giant's menu, the Meaty
Marinara Pasta was first introduced in a 2008 April Fool's publicity stunt
when Pizza Hut claimed it was changing its name to "Pasta Hut." No one fell
for the prank but they did fall for the pasta, and that's why the Tuscani
Creamy Chicken Alfredo Pasta and Meaty Marinara Pasta have been on the menu
ever since. The sauce is the big secret here; it's simple and classic, but
customized to produce a marinara with that distinct Pizza Hut taste. And the
recipe will make more than enough pasta to go around.

My Pizza Hut Meaty Marinara Pasta recipe is an easy one. After browning the
seasoned beef you add it to the sauce, simmer the sauce until thick, then
spread it over one pound of rotini pasta in a baking dish in two layers so
that every bite is filled with flavor. Sprinkle shredded mozzarella over the
top and melt it until golden brown under your broiler. Boom! No one can
resist. You rule.

This simple and inexpensive meal will feed eight, and leftovers keep well in
the fridge for a couple of days.

Find more of my Pizza Hut recipes here.  

Read more

  * Score: 4.33 (votes: 3)

##### Bonchon Wings

Korean chicken is famous for its extra crispy coating, and Bonchon's recipe--
especially the wings--is one of the best in the world. That chain's famous
formula is why there are now over 340 Bonchon outlets in nine countries,
including over one hundred in the US and more planned to open here in the near
future.

The biggest challenge when creating my Bonchon chicken wings recipe was
finding the perfect magical mixture for the batter that fries to a golden
brown, and with tender crispiness that stays crunchy long after the wings have
been brushed with the flavorful glaze.

I knew that a traditional double-frying technique would help create the
crunchy coating we needed, but it would take some trial-and-error to determine
the best time splits. The wings are par-fried, rested, then fried again until
done, but just how long to give each stage was yet to be determined since
every recipe I found for Korean chicken used different times and temps. Some
recipes even changed the temperature between frying steps, but I found those
made the recipe too difficult to manage when frying multiple batches.

I eventually settled on 350 degrees F with most of the frying done up front in
the par-fry stage. A three-ingredient batter is all that's needed for crispy
golden-brown wings, and the soy garlic sauce is an easy hack that's made
quickly in your microwave oven. The spicy version is made by adding Korean red
chili paste (gochujang) and Korean red pepper powder (gochugaru) to the soy
garlic recipe. You can find these ingredients at Asian markets or online, and
if you like your wings spicy you'll want to add these perky ingredients.

Click here for more delicious appetizer recipes.

Read more

  * Score: 4.58 (votes: 43)

##### Buffalo Wild Wings Buffalo Wings and Sauces

**Menu Description** : "Here they are in all their lip-smacking, award-winning
glory: Buffalo, New York-style chicken wings spun in your favorite signature
sauce."  
  
Since Buffalo, New York was too far away, Jim Disbrow and Scott Lowery
satisfied their overwhelming craving in 1981 by opening a spicy chicken wing
restaurant close to home in Kent, Ohio. With signature sauces and a festive
atmosphere, the chain has now evolved from a college campus sports bar with
wings to a family restaurant with over 300 units. While frying chicken wings
is no real secret—simply drop them in hot shortening for about 10 minutes—the
delicious spicy sauces make the wings special. There are 12 varieties of sauce
available to coat your crispy chicken parts at the chain, and I'm presenting
clones for the more traditional flavors. These sauces are very thick, almost
like dressing or dip, so we'll use an emulsifying technique that will ensure a
creamy final product where the oil won't separate from the other ingredients.
Here is the chicken wing cooking and coating technique, followed by clones for
the most popular sauces: Spicy Garlic, Medium and Hot. The sauce recipes might
look the same at first, but each has slight variations make your sauce hotter
or milder by adjusting the level of cayenne pepper. You can find Frank's
pepper sauce by the other hot sauces in your market. If you can't find that
brand, you can also use Crystal Louisiana hot sauce.  
  
Source: _Top Secret Restaurant Recipes 2_ by Todd Wilbur.

Read more

  * Not rated yet

##### Panda Express Firecracker Chicken Breast

It's not always on the menu at the huge Chinese take-out chain, but when this
spicy special offering makes a limited-time-only appearance, I'm there. When
it's not on the menu, no problem, you can make my recipe for Panda Express
Firecracker Chicken in no time.

This dish owes its great flavor to black bean paste, which is full of umami
savoriness, just like soy sauce, so it enhances the taste of everything around
it. You'll have a good laugh when you notice most recipes attempt to hack this
dish with canned black beans. That's ridiculous, since black bean paste is a
traditional Asian flavoring ingredient made with fermented _soybeans_ , not
with black beans like the kind you get in your burrito at Chipotle.

Plan ahead to brine your chicken breast for a couple of hours so that it's
moist and flavorful. This is an important step for a spot-on hack.

Find more of my Panda Express copycat recipes here.

Read more

  * Score: 5.00 (votes: 2)

##### Outback Steakhouse Toowoomba Steak

Here's a hack that might help when you feel like doing something special with
those steaks in the fridge. Or maybe you have salmon fillets in there? Doesn't
matter, this recipe works great on both. And it also makes a great pasta
sauce.

The secret Toowoomba sauce is a variation on alfredo sauce that Outback served
over pasta at one time. These days the sauce is only used to top steak and
salmon at the restaurant, but you can also use it on just about any type of
pasta.

In my early batches of the sauce, I noticed that if the shrimp are added at
the beginning they get too tough. To solve that problem, I sauteed the
seasoned shrimp separately, then added them closer to the end, and they came
out perfect.

Spoon your homemade Toowoomba sauce over grilled tenderloin filets (or salmon
filets) for an easy way to elevate your entree. My Outback Steakhouse
Toowoomba sauce recipe will make enough for four servings.

If you love Outback Steakhouse, check out my other clone recipes here.

TRANSLATE with  x

English

Arabic| Hebrew| Polish  
---|---|---  
Bulgarian| Hindi| Portuguese  
Catalan| Hmong Daw| Romanian  
Chinese Simplified| Hungarian| Russian  
Chinese Traditional| Indonesian| Slovak  
Czech| Italian| Slovenian  
Danish| Japanese| Spanish  
Dutch| Klingon| Swedish  
English| Korean| Thai  
Estonian| Latvian| Turkish  
Finnish| Lithuanian| Ukrainian  
French| Malay| Urdu  
German| Maltese| Vietnamese  
Greek| Norwegian| Welsh  
Haitian Creole| Persian|  
  




TRANSLATE with

 COPY THE URL BELOW

  Back

EMBED THE SNIPPET BELOW IN YOUR SITE

Enable collaborative features and customize widget: Bing Webmaster Portal

Back

Read more

  * Score: 5.00 (votes: 4)

##### Applebee's Chicken Wonton Tacos

**Menu Description** : "A deliciously different way to taco. Tangy grilled
chicken, sweet Asian chile sauce and dumpling sauce stuffed into crispy wonton
shells and topped with a crunchy slaw and cilantro mix."

Re-creating Applebee's Chicken Wonton Tacos requires cloning four parts; none
of which are difficult: Grilled chicken, coleslaw, secret dumpling sauce, and
the crispy wonton shell to hold all of it together. For the chicken, we'll
grill a couple of thighs and chop them up. Then we'll use bottled sweet chili
sauce--usually found in your grocery store where Asian foods are parked--to
punch up the flavor.

The coleslaw is easy with a dressing that's only five ingredients. The slaw is
best when it has some time to sit and wilt a bit, so plan ahead for the best
flavor. You can slice the cabbage yourself, but a coleslaw kit that's a combo
of sliced cabbage and shredded carrots is a big time-saver. Just measure out 4
cups of the cabbage blend and mix it with the minced cilantro and dressing.  

Wonton taco shells are not a thing you can usually find in stores, so we'll
make our own using wonton wrappers and a skillet of hot oil. When the oil is
hot, add a wonton wrapper and use tongs to fold it over diagonally as it fries
until it's crispy on both sides. It takes less than a minute to fry each
wonton taco shell, and you'll get better at it as you go. Just be sure to
leave plenty of room in the taco for the delicious fillings to come.  

I've cloned a lot of dishes from Applebee's. See if I hacked your favorites
here.

Read more

  * Not rated yet

##### Qdoba Grilled Adobo Chicken

The 729-unit chain did not start its life as Qdoba. When the Mexican food
chain was first founded by Robert Miller and Anthony Hauser in Denver,
Colorado in 1995, it was called Zuma Mexican Grill, named after a friend's
cat. As it turned out, a restaurant in Boston had that same name and
threatened to sue, so the partners changed the name to Z-Teca. It wasn't long
before two different restaurants threatened to sue for that name--Z'Tejas in
Arizona and Azteca in Washington--and the partners were forced to change the
name yet again. This time they called their restaurant Qdoba, a completely
made-up name that was unlikely to be used by anyone else.  

A signature item and consistent top seller is this marinated adobo chicken,
offered as a main ingredient in most of the chain's selections. Make this
chicken by marinating thigh meat for a couple of days in the secret adobo
sauce (a worker there told me they let it soak for up to 8 days), then grill
and chop. Use your copycat Qdoba chicken in burritos, tacos, bowls, on nachos,
and in tortilla soup.

I bet your craving some Qdoba Fiery Habanero Salsa right about now. Get my
recipe here.

Read more

  * Score: 4.91 (votes: 11)

##### HoneyBaked Ham Glaze

By sneaking around to the back of a HoneyBaked Ham store I witnessed the
glazing process through an open door. The hams are delivered to each of the
300 HoneyBaked outlets already smoked, but without the glaze. It is only when
the ham gets to your local HoneyBaked store that a special machine thin-slices
the tender meat in a spiral fashion around the bone. Then, one at a time, each
ham is then coated with the glaze—a blend that is similar to what might be
used to make pumpkin pie. This sweet coating is then caramelized with a
blowtorch by hand until the glaze bubbles and melts, turning golden brown. If
needed, more of the coating is added to the HoneyBaked Glazed Ham, and the
blowtorch is fired up until the glaze is just right. It's this careful process
that turns the same size ham that costs 20 dollars in a supermarket into one
that customers gladly shell out 3 to 4 times as much to share during the
holiday season.  
  
For this HoneyBaked Ham glaze copycat recipe, we will re-create the glaze that
you can apply to a smoked/cooked bone-in ham of your choice. Look for a ham
that is pre-sliced. Otherwise you'll have to slice it yourself with a sharp
knife, then the glaze will be applied. To get the coating just right you must
use a blowtorch. Get the kind that is used for creme brulee from almost any
kitchen supply store. They're usually pretty cheap. And don't worry—I didn't
leave out an ingredient. No honey is necessary to re-create this flavorful
glaze.

Now, what's for dessert?  
  
Source: _Even More Top Secret Recipes_ by Todd Wilbur.

Read more

  * Score: 5.00 (votes: 10)

##### Roadhouse Grill Baby Back Ribs

**Menu Description** : "Our award-winning Baby Back Ribs are slow-roasted,
then basted with Jim Beam Bourbon BBQ Sauce and finished on our Mesquite
grill."  
  
When your crew bites into these baby backs they'll savor meat so tender and
juicy that it slides right off the bone. The slow braising cooks the ribs to
perfection, while the quick grilling adds the finishing char and smoky flavor.
But the most important component to any decent rack of ribs is a sauce that's
filled with flavor, and this version of Roadhouse Grill's award-wining sauce
is good stuff. I ordered the ribs naked (without sauce) so that I could see if
there was any detectable rub added before cooking and I didn't find anything
other than salt and a lot of coarse black pepper. So that's the way I designed
the recipe, and it works.

Now, how about a copycat Roadhouse Grill Roadhouse Rita to wash down those
ribs.  
  
Source: _Top Secret Restaurant Recipes 2_ by Todd Wilbur.

Read more

__

Never miss a secret

Subscribe to Todd Wilbur’s newsletter and be the first to know what’s free and
what’s new!

Subscribe

I'm Todd Wilbur, Chronic Food Hacker

For over 30 years I've been deconstructing America's most iconic brand-name
foods to make the best original clone recipes for you to use at home. Welcome
to my lab.

Read more

### What's Hot

  * ##### Chick-fil-A Frosted Lemonade

    * $0.79

  * ##### Wolfgang Puck Chinois Chicken Salad

    * $0.79

  * ##### McDonald's Strawberry and Creme Pie

    * $0.79

  * ##### Pizza Hut Pan Pizza

    * $0.79

  * ##### Chipotle Pollo Asado

    * $0.79

  *     * 25% off

##### Monthly TSR Club

    * $2.99

  *     * 33% off

##### Annual TSR Club (Best Deal!)

    * $1.99

  * ##### Applebee's Riblets

    * $0.79

  * Browse All Recipes
    * Restaurants
    * Brands
    * Categories

  *   *   *   * 

  * Quick Links
    * About
    * FAQ
    * Contact Us
    * Privacy

(C) 2007 - 2022 Top Secret Recipes. All rights reserved.

Powered by X-Cart

