https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/9027/kung-pao-chicken/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. World Cuisine
  4. Asian
  5. Chinese
  6. Main Dishes
  7. Chicken
  8. Kung Pao Chicken

# Kung Pao Chicken

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.2

1440 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 779 
  * 4 star values: 425 
  * 3 star values: 140 
  * 2 star values: 63 
  * 1 star values: 33 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 1,440 Ratings 
  * 979 Reviews 
  * 113 Photos 

This spicy kung pao chicken is similar to what is served in Chinese
restaurants. It's easy to make, and you can be as creative with the
measurements as you want. The sauce reduces until nice and thick. Substitute
cashews for peanuts, or bamboo shoots for the water chestnuts. You can't go
wrong! Enjoy!

Recipe by Arlena

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Read the full recipe after the video.

Add Photo

Kung Pao Chicken crunzo

Kung Pao Chicken Photowench

Kung Pao Chicken Suki Suki

Kung Pao Chicken Chef Leenda

\+ 109 109 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

30 mins

cook:

30 mins

additional:

30 mins

total:

1 hr 30 mins

Servings:

4

Nutrition Info

stir-fried chicken breast pieces with peanuts and sauce over white rice

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

4

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 4 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 2 tablespoons cornstarch, dissolved in 2 tablespoons water 
  * 2 tablespoons white wine, divided 
  * 2 tablespoons soy sauce, divided 
  * 2 tablespoons sesame oil, divided 
  * 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - cut into chunks 
  * 1 ounce hot chile paste 
  * 2 teaspoons brown sugar 
  * 1 teaspoon distilled white vinegar 
  * 1 (8 ounce) can water chestnuts 
  * 4 ounces chopped peanuts 
  * 4 green onions, chopped 
  * 1 tablespoon chopped garlic 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Combine water and cornstarch in cup. Set aside.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Combine 1 tablespoon wine, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon sesame oil,
and 1 tablespoon cornstarch/water mixture in large glass bowl. Add chicken
pieces and toss to coat. Cover dish and refrigerate for about 30 minutes.

  * Step 3

Combine remaining 1 tablespoon wine, 1 tablespoon soy sauce, 1 tablespoon
sesame oil, and remaining cornstarch/water mixture in a medium bowl. Whisk in
chile paste, brown sugar, and vinegar. Add water chestnuts, peanuts, green
onions, and garlic and toss to coat.

  * Step 4

Transfer water chestnut mixture to a medium skillet. Heat slowly over medium
heat until aromatic.

  * Step 5

Meanwhile, remove chicken from marinade. Add to a large skillet and cook over
medium-high heat, stirring, until chicken is cooked through and juices run
clear.

  * Step 6

Combine water chestnut mixture and sauteed chicken together in one skillet.
Adjust heat and simmer together until sauce thickens.

I Made It  Print

##  Editor's Note:

The nutrition data for this recipe includes information for the full amount of
the marinade ingredients. Depending on marinating time, ingredients, cooking
method, etc., the actual amount of the marinade consumed will vary.

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

437 calories; protein 34.4g; carbohydrates 25.3g; fat 23.3g; cholesterol
65.9mg; sodium 595.6mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (979)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

11/29/2005

I think this is my all time favorite recipe. I have made it dozens of times
and all my friends and family say it's the best thing I make! I do make a few
alterations though, which I find absolutely crucial: Double the marinade and
the sauce, add lots and lots of water as the mixture cooks - otherwise it gets
really pasty. I would say throughout the cooking process I end up adding at
least a cup of water. You want to make sure there's enough sauce to cover the
noodles. I also add several cups of chopped up veggies; usually red and green
peppers, mushrooms and broccoli. Thanks so much for this recipe!!

Read More

Helpful (477)

### Most helpful critical review

DEBMCE4

Rating: 1 stars

01/18/2003

I followed this exactly as written (saw many favorable reviews that had made
many changes). I love spicy food, but this did not have a good flavor hot and
there was not enough sauce.

Read More

Helpful (104)

1440 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 779 
  * 4 star values: 425 
  * 3 star values: 140 
  * 2 star values: 63 
  * 1 star values: 33 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

11/29/2005

I think this is my all time favorite recipe. I have made it dozens of times
and all my friends and family say it's the best thing I make! I do make a few
alterations though, which I find absolutely crucial: Double the marinade and
the sauce, add lots and lots of water as the mixture cooks - otherwise it gets
really pasty. I would say throughout the cooking process I end up adding at
least a cup of water. You want to make sure there's enough sauce to cover the
noodles. I also add several cups of chopped up veggies; usually red and green
peppers, mushrooms and broccoli. Thanks so much for this recipe!!

TORAV

Rating: 5 stars

06/01/2003

Yummy. Restaurant quality. Had to alter quite a bit. Took the orginal recipe
for marinade: used rice wine,1 clove of garlic and reduced the sesame oil to 1
tsp. Did not add cornstarch to marinade. 5X the recipe of soy sauce, rice
wine, vinegar, brown sugar, and 1 clove of garlic, 2 tsp. of chile paste, and
1 tbsp of cornstarch with 2 tbsp of water. Stir fried the chicken first and
set aside. Then stir fried brocolli, mushrooms, carrots and green onions
together. Added sauce and then chicken. Couldn't add peanuts due to allergy.
Rave reviews from Dad and 2 kids. *****

LINDA MCLEAN

Rating: 5 stars

10/22/2002

This was a terrific dish and perfect for my spicey food loving family. I
couldn't find chile paste in the grocery store, so I subbed with a spicey
szechuan sauce. I tripled the marinade and quadrupled the sauce even though I
only used four chicken cutlets. Didn't have any peanuts, so I used peanut
butter, which I often do in asian dishes. I added broccoli and baby corn to
make a complete meal. Thanks Arlena, it was great!

DEBMCE4

Rating: 1 stars

01/18/2003

I followed this exactly as written (saw many favorable reviews that had made
many changes). I love spicy food, but this did not have a good flavor hot and
there was not enough sauce.

MIRANDA

Rating: 4 stars

11/14/2002

I didn't have chile paste, so I threw in some red pepper. I tripled the sauce
recipe because I added baby corn, green bell pepper, and thinly sliced carrots
and it wouldn't have been enough once I added the chicken. The sauce got
really thick though & had to add some water to thin it down a bit. You may
have to adjust this one to your own taste. It's good, but I needed to play
around with it.

Susan

Rating: 4 stars

10/02/2011

Ok ya'll I have made this recipe so many times now, I kind of know what goes
in it without looking at the recipe. This is a great base recipe, without a
doubt and if you don't like spice at all, I would still to this recipe
exactly. Now for all you REAL kung pao chicken lovers that want the SPICE. You
have to add A LOT more sambal or chile paste to make this even remotely close
to something you've tasted before. I think I used almost a fourth of my HUGE
jar of sambal to make this work. I would also marinade the chicken in it as
well so you just an extra layer of spicy. I think it's the vinegar, but it
completely mellows out the spice of it, so you definitely have to over
compensate. Also, you don't really have to measure. Most of these things are
one to one or two to one, so it's actually pretty easy to figure out. I have
done these plenty of times without measuring it out exactly and plenty of
times with measuring it out and it turns out virtually the same. Finally, you
need to double the sauce part of this recipe. The original recipe actually
needs a little more sauce then is written. The only things I wouldn't double
are the peanuts and the water chestnuts. In the original recipe there are far
too many of those things that the chicken kind of gets lost. Hope this is
helpful to you from someone who has had this a bunch! :)

ashleyadm

Rating: 5 stars

01/29/2012

I lived in China for two years, and this recipe (with some important but minor
changes) comes very close to the Kung Pao chicken that can be found in Beijing
restaurants. With regard to ingredients, I agree with other reviewers: cut the
cornstarch in both the marinade and the sauce. (I used 1 teaspoon in the
marinade and 2 teaspoons in the sauce.) A few extra notes: Use Chinese rice
wine, like Shaoxing, and light (as opposed to dark) soy sauce, if you can find
them. I also agree with some other reviewers that chili paste is probably
better than chili sauce. Lastly, skip the water chestnuts and add a carrot,
like they do in Beijing. The carrot provides a wonderful crunchiness and
sweetness that balances nicely with the spice. To solve the issue of there
being too little sauce, don't cook the chicken separately; after the sauce has
been warmed, throw the chicken and marinade in and stir constantly until it's
cooked through. To make sure you've got enough food, try a few simple (and
cheap!) Chinese sides like potatoes and green peppers (????? cù liu tu dòu
si), eggs and tomatoes (?????? xi hóng shì chao ji dàn), eggs and wood ear
mushrooms (????? mù er chao ji dàn), eggs and cucumber (????? huáng gua chao
ji dàn) egg drop soup, sweet corn soup, and broccoli with garlic (????? suàn
róng xi lán hua). If you want to finish off the meal like they do in Beijing,
serve fresh fruit: Fuji apples, pineapple and kiwi.

MYRTS78

Rating: 4 stars

05/19/2006

Very delicious,my dish was not quite PF Changs but great anyway. I found only
hot chili sauce in the Asian Market so I used that, the apartment smelled
wonderful. Problems I encountered were: The cornstarch in the chicken marinade
started to burn and stick when I browned it, and the cornstarch in the
marinade itself was too much so instead of a sauce I got a thick paste, to
which I kept adding water(suggestion: use a little less cornstarch). Finally
the sugar was not enough for my liking so next time I will use a bit
more...otherwise really really tasty. My husband and I ate every scrap.
Thanks.

KFRYCOOKS

Rating: 5 stars

10/22/2006

WOW! I was afraid to try this recipe as I've never had success with an Asian
recipe. But, this blew me and my family away! It is so tasty!! The only thing
I did different was to double the sauce (though not the waterchestnuts; 1 can
is enough for us). I will make this many times over. It is fantastic.
Thanks!!!

KAET

Rating: 4 stars

05/12/2003

This was very, very yummy. I did a few things differently. I decreased the
amount of sesame oil. I added mushrooms and broccoli to the sauce and sauteed
the chicken in flavored wok oil. I didn't want the sauce to be too strong for
my hubby and four-year-old so I doubled the sauce recipe and added about a cup
of chicken broth and an extra bit of cornstarch. I omitted the chili paste but
added red pepper flakes to my plate to heat it up. I didn't have any peanuts
so I had to shell some from the African Gray's stash so they were unsalted. I
can't wait to make it again. By the way, the bird thought it was top notch
too. Thanks

CTREYNARD

Rating: 4 stars

11/17/2005

Great marinade! Chicken is made quite tender...I only used 1/2T oil, and 1 T
chile paste, and added a t of sugar to balance out the flavors. :) Thanks for
sharing!

{ s.a.r.a.h }

Rating: 5 stars

08/07/2008

I followed the recipe exactly except I forgot to buy a can of water chestnuts!
Great recipe, and VERY spicy. For those who wonder, an ounce is 2 tbsp, so
it's 2 tbsp chili paste and 1/2 cup peanuts.

Sara

Rating: 4 stars

01/31/2011

Yum to the max! A very simple, yet aromatically and taste-buds pleasing
recipe! The only differences I'd suggest is to perhaps double the sauce, and
add some veggies like julienned red peppers, and even snow peas. Sure that can
detract from its authenticity, but it's a great way to add some veggies -
because the flavor of the sauce is so good! Served it up with brown rice.
Decently low-calorie (we left out the sesame oil and sugar.. which are heavy
on calories). :)

KMBUSTOS

Rating: 4 stars

02/05/2009

I've made this twice now and loved it after I made several changes. In order
to get that crsipy yet tender chicken, omit the marinade completely. Instead
toss the chicken with a bit of cornstarch so that its coated and stir fry it
in a skillet with olive oil and dried red peppers. Stir fry until chicken is
browned and crispy and cooked through. Then toss the sauce with the chicken
until well coated. For the sauce, definately double or triple it but do not
increase the cornstarch. A little goes a long way. You only need about 1 tbsp
even if you increase everything else. Also I cut the sesame oil in half and
substitute hot chili oil for the rest of the sesame. Super spicy but
delicious!

Jill Swinney Payne

Rating: 5 stars

08/10/2012

My 5 little picky eaters loved it!!! I added some frozen broccoli and green
beans to it. My kids reqested it for dinner tomorrow night too!!

Chas

Rating: 5 stars

02/08/2011

This was the absolute BEST! Truly restaurant flavor. I made very few changes
which is unusual for me. I tripled the marinade and the sauce, but only used
one tablespoon of sesame oil and two tablespoons of olive oil (tripling would
have called for six tablespoons of sesame oil). I cut back on the sesame oil
because it can become overpowering and six tablespoons of sesame oil would
definitely have been overpowering. I also didn't have peanuts so I used about
a tablespoon (maybe a little more) of chunky peanut butter and it worked out
great! I didn't triple the water chestnuts and just used the one 8 oz can. I
also replaced the water with chicken stock and thinned the sauce as needed at
the end with chicken stock rather than water. I didn't know what one ounce of
chili paste looked like so I used about a tablespoon (keeping in mind that I
tripled the sauce). It was spicy, but we liked it that way. I would recommend
going easy on the chili paste because you can always add more when it's
cooking if you want it hotter. It does intensify as it cooks. Absolutely
fantastic! I served it with Chinese Chicken Fried Rice (by LISA TOURVILLE)
from this site but left out the chicken in the rice. Oh yeah, I made the sauce
about three hours before and refrigerated it in a covered bowl and also
marinated the chicken for the three hours too because I had an appointment I
had to go to, so this is something you can prepare in advance and cook later.

Rachel RedVelvet

Rating: 3 stars

10/23/2011

Okay, the taste of this - is 5 stars. It is really good! But I am only giving
it 3 stars because how the recipe is written - is poor. I **tripled** this
recipe, and it still was not enough for 5 people!!! (me, my b/f, and 3 kids) I
didn't have enough to give to my 2 youngest without giving up my own portion,
so since they aren't the biggest fans of Asian dishes, I had to make them an
entirely different (quick) meal. if you are cooking this for 3 or more adults,
x4 or even x5 the recipe. Sounds crazy, but the recipe as written is for 2
portions, not 4.

MomSavedbyGrace

Rating: 2 stars

08/18/2008

I know I'm in the minority here, but we didn't care for this too much. If I
were to ever make this again, I would not double or triple the sauce as many
suggested - it made it too thick, more like a stew or a gravy. We don't like
tons of sauce. However, that is not the author of the recipe's fault - that
was me taking the most popular suggestions. We also live near an award winning
Chinese restaurant in the Philadelphia area. Their kung pao is out of this
world, so we are probably a little spoiled. This recipe was also a lot of work
so I think I'll stick to ordering out.

Aspiring Chef Rita

Rating: 4 stars

01/17/2011

Super easy and fast and well received but if I had the time I would choose a
more sophisticated recipe with more ingredients.

Marnie Henriques

Rating: 5 stars

01/25/2011

DELICIOUS!!! Entered the ingredients I had on hand and this recipe came up -
my husband and I couldn't stop eating this. Did not have chili paste so used
about 1/4 cup of Sriracha. Also added 1 tbsp of red pepper flakes to both the
marinade and the sauce. Really hot and VERY tasty. So good I'm tripling the
recipe and having all the kids over tonite to have it! Had it over rice last
night and tonite we'll try it with sesame noodles. GREAT RECIPE! Thanks!

Sunshine321

Rating: 4 stars

07/20/2010

This was a pretty good recipe, and it definitely has the benefit of not
tasting like every other chinese chicken dish that you find so frequently. My
only two thoughts would be to marinate the chicken over night to give it more
flavor (because it tasted 5 times better the next day after it sat in its goop
all night!) and add some more sugar. Otherwise, I thought it was great, nice
heat level.

BALDOR1

Rating: 4 stars

02/23/2011

Finally made this after fiance' asked many times. He is allergic to peanuts so
I skipped it. A very good recipe that is very close to restaurant quality. I
used dark toasted sesame oil because it was what I had. I think it will be
better to use a light-colored sesame oil which I will do the next time.

Derby Queen

Rating: 1 stars

10/10/2014

This is pretty good however the trick to authentic Chinese cooking is always
use fresh chopped garlic & chopped fresh ginger while marinating the chicken,
use Chinese wine or dry sherry & regular oil to stir fry the chicken & use the
marinade (please no brown sugar) to cook the chicken thighs (not breasts)
until tender, adding chicken stock as needed. Traditional Kung Pao chicken
doesn't have any veggies except green onions, garlic, ginger & perhaps a green
bell pepper along with small red dried chilies (add them when stir frying
chicken) or chili pepper flakes. After chicken is tender add bell pepper, if
using & some more soy sauce, stock, chili paste to taste, cook until crisp
tender & add chop green onions, peanuts & sesame oil...if you want more sauce,
simply combine cornstarch & stock until blended & add to the cooked Kung Pao
mixture, high heat, stiring to cook & thicken the sauce...serve over steamed
jasmine rice, pass the chop sticks & enjoy! I am from San Francisco so I know
Chinese style cooking & Kung Pao chicken (or shrimp or beef) is one of my
favorite dishes to order or make at home. Adding veggies such as brocolli,
carrots, celery & mushrooms is spicy stir fry NOT Kung Pao chicken. This
recipe is very nice but not authentic...Chinese cooks use thighs not expensive
chicken breasts fyi, lol. Adding sesame oil at the end of cooking adds flavor
as a finishing oil (like extra virgin oil in other non Asian recipes is a
flavor enhancer). Also if you do not have fresh

NADES

Rating: 5 stars

04/25/2010

I can't believe how good this came out! And it was not that difficult at all.
I was skeptical but thought I'd give it a try and I just happen to have most
of the ingredients on hand. I also added some chopped green bell pepper and a
julienned carrot. I didn't have peanuts but as another reviewer suggested, I
added some peanut butter. The family loved it, including my very picky teenage
daughter! Great recipe and something different for a change. Thx!

LTWARD

Rating: 5 stars

05/30/2001

I doubled the sauce and next time I will triple it. I used cashews instead of
peanuts, and I used an 8 oz can of water chestnuts and an 8 oz can of bamboo
shoots. I doubled the chili paste along with the rest of the sauce ingredients
but I think next time I'll still only double the chili paste rather than
tripling it - it is very spicy! It's good with broccoli and carrots, too - I
added them to the sauce and cooked it all together before adding the cooked
chicken. The veggies came out not crunchy, not mushy - perfect! The recipe
didn't say whether to use salted or unsalted nuts; I was lucky enough to find
"lightly salted" nuts and I used these with "light" (low sodium) soy sauce.
Mmmm! This is one of my very favorite recipes now - definitely a good one for
company.

PIBETS

Rating: 4 stars

12/30/2002

I'm a beginner cook and I was able to make this recipe with virtually no
problems!! It was rather flavorful and not at all difficult to make. My only
problem was that the sauce thickened a bit too quickly so I added some extra
soy sauce and white wine and it still tasted great! I also reduced the amount
of chili paste since I didn't want it to be too spicy. I substituted Peanut
oil for Sesame Oil and used Roasted Red Chile Paste. Overall, I recommend
this, it wasn't a lot of work and it was very flavorful.

TDCROFT

Rating: 5 stars

01/20/2008

I've made this recipe a few times, and really like it. I tripled the sauce
recipe so we'd have some extra to put on the rice that we like with it. I
never had to add any water (which some other people recommended), but I didn't
think the sauce was too thick without it at all. The marinade didn't seem to
add all that much to the chicken the first time, so I stopped marinating it
after that and just cook it in a little oil. Also, it was a little too spicy
the first time, so I cut back on the chili paste after that as well. I used
cashews instead of peanuts just because we like them better. I've also used
the sauce with tofu, which is great.

JENNIFER72_00

Rating: 2 stars

10/24/2002

This was probably the worst chicken dish I've ever made. It was probably my
fault though because I made too many changes to the recipe. Don't make the
same mistake I did. I made a lot of extra sauce like other reviewers suggested
and used peanut butter in place of peanuts. Also I didn't have any cornstarch
so I used flour instead. The sauce turned out really thick and goopy. My
boyfriend was really turned off by the smell. The sesame oil was a little
overpowering. I definitely won't be making this again.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

09/18/2001

I didn't have a lot of the ingrediants, so I substituted some of them for
other things, but it still came out great!! I used peanut butter instead of
peanuts, so that gave it a very different taste. It was still very good, and
very easy!

IowaMom

Rating: 5 stars

05/13/2012

I LOVE this recipe! If I could eat kung pao everyday then I would. I made mine
sloppier with extra chili paste and soy sauce to make it really spicy. Thank
you for sharing this awesome recipe!!!

Reem Chavez

Rating: 3 stars

02/14/2011

First I wanna say that I love Kung pao chicken! but wasn't sure about this
one. I was OK as chicken and veggies but not sure if it was even close to the
kung pao chicken at Panda Express!! sorry didn't really fell in love with this
recipe. Maybe I did something wrong who knows, I am not trying to be mean, if
it worked for you, good for you.

June

Rating: 3 stars

08/26/2011

This recipe was way too much work marking out the recipe and then figuring out
the ratios. Not exactly what a busy lady was looking to do on a busy
weeknight. Because of the poor formatting and the ratios being so far off I
only rated this as 3 stars it was a simple idea that should have been simple
to execute. I now have a great recipe "my own" and it tastes just like I get
it at the restaurant. The crucial things to make this dish excellent adjust
the ratios for everything especially the sugar not much but enough. Don’t use
anything but red pepper paste you want to at least use 2 1/2 xs more then what
the original poster used to give it that same hotness you would expect at a
restaurant. Chili sauce is not the same thing. Use seasoned rice vinegar found
in Asian markets this will elevate this dish to restaurant worthy. Use sweet
mirin wine, use a wok leave the peanuts whole fry them first for at least 25
seconds with the garlic to start off the dish being careful not to burn the
garlic or peanuts. Use the leftover marinade to thin the sauce when it starts
to get to thick don't use water to thin the sauce. Anything from the raw
chicken being in the marinade will be cooked away from the heat. End with
adding the onions at the last 25 seconds they will be perfect. Use one pan
preferably a wok it will save time.

KETHRAE

Rating: 3 stars

12/29/2010

I didn't find this dish that flavorful - DH and I really wanted a nice, spicy
hot Kung Pao - this was totally NOT spicy at all. In fact, it was so not spicy
that the kids had no problem eating it. Since it had nuts, my daughter thought
it was Peanut chicken, which she loved, so every scrap disappeared. But, to DH
and I, it was not very flavorful, nor spicy, and so not what we were looking
for. I followed the directions exactly, but tripled the marinade and sauce -
and used chopped up pork loin instead of chicken.

Hawaiivike

Rating: 5 stars

01/24/2012

Great Recipe! And you're not hungry 10 minutes after you eat. Ha...

love2eat

Rating: 5 stars

10/13/2010

To avoid the problem with the sauce in the dish being too pasty or thick while
cooking, save the corn starch and add at the end when dish is done cooking.
Use just 1 tbsp cornstarch dissolved in 1.5 tbsp water, let simmer a few
seconds to thicken.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

01/23/2001

This is for the person who asked about draining water chestnuts: Yes they
should be drained unless specified otherwise in the recipe.

SSC368

Rating: 4 stars

02/13/2011

This is a pretty authentic recipe. I've made this couple of times. First, with
Shaoshing wine and the last with white wine. Believe it or not, the white wine
tasted much more authentic in this recipe. I used the siracha chile paste and
it was perfect. I used thighs instead of breast since it's less dry in stir-
fry. Didn't use peanuts since kids are not fans. Added a green and red pepper
with fresh water chestnuts and tripled the recipe, except for the heat and
corn starch.

Renegade's_Mom

Rating: 1 stars

02/09/2009

This was not that great. Too thick of sauce, I tried to fix it with water,
then it tasted watered down. Overall, it was a very disappointed dish.

Valerie Brunmeier

Rating: 4 stars

08/23/2008

This was a nice change for dinner. Served with steamed white rice and carrots.
I subbed chili garlic sauce for the chili paste. It adds good flavor but not
too much heat. We just aren't big on spicy foods here but do love Kung Pao
Chicken.

gina

Rating: 5 stars

11/27/2011

I used rice vinegar instead. I left out the white wine (didn't have any) and
it was still really good!

MELANIE2002

Rating: 4 stars

08/01/2002

My family found the sauce very tasty, although my boyriend and my mother found
it way too HOT; I think next time, I'll only add half of the chile paste it
calls for... I doubled the sauce, as suggested by other reviewers, but it
still didn't give me all much... I substituted the green onions for fresh
chives from my mom's garden. This recipe was really easy (I'm a beginner
cook)... I served the chicken on a bed of whole grain rice... Excellent!

KSKEMP

Rating: 5 stars

01/27/2003

Awesome! Just what I was looking for. I doubled the sauce and it was perfect.
I substituted 2 tablespoons of chili & garlic sauce for chili paste and it was
very hot -but we like it that way! I also recommend green pepper in this and
enourage the use of cashews instead of peanuts.

Will Scott

Rating: 5 stars

02/04/2010

I truly love this recipe and am about to make it for the fifth or sixth time.
All the listed variations are helpful, but it stands on its own as listed. My
favorite addition is fresh, crisp, green beans. Put them in late to avoid
over-cooking. Bell peppers, chopped yellow onion, and most other vegetables
work well. Great for cleaning out the fridge at the end of the week. Sambal
Oelek is one of the more common (and cheap) chili pastes. They have it in most
groceries. There's a rooster on the gold label. Its sits perfectly with this
recipe.

Mixit

Rating: 5 stars

08/28/2014

I wasn't sure whether to drain the water chestnuts or not. I really didn't
want that liquid in my dish so I opted to drain and then loosen the sauce with
another liquid. Anyway, we thoroughly enjoyed it and adding some cayenne
strips (deseeded) was a real flavor booster too.

shoecr8zy

Rating: 5 stars

07/28/2011

Very good - but I don't think it's the atypical Kung Pao. It's a great stir
fry with a little kick. Maybe I'd add the whole dried chili peppers like the
restaurants do. Hubby and I ate it up though.

Nicola

Rating: 1 stars

01/24/2015

I did not care for this recipe. First, I tripled the marinade & sauce. There
was way too much sesame oil flavor; also way too much cornstarch. If you use
the amount it calls for (like I did), it ends up way too pasty.

Cheoah

Rating: 4 stars

05/21/2011

Very good, but a little too spicy for me.

Mery Pibon

Rating: 5 stars

05/07/2011

This recipe is fantastic! Better than most Chinese dishes I've tried in a lot
of restaurants. The recipe is extremely easy. The sauce thickens up nicely
with the chicken. I did cut back on the peanuts, it was too "peanuty" for me
otherwise. I served it with noodles and it was a huge hit with the gang.
Thanks for such a great recipe!

Jenna Hinze

Rating: 5 stars

06/09/2011

I rarely ever give a 5 stars, but this deserves 10. I am always trying to make
chinese food and always fail, this was amazing. I tripled the marinade and
quadrupled the sauce. I also cooked the chicken first and then when that had a
nice brown to it I added the sauce until it became the consistency I
preferred. I also in another pan cooked snow peas, garlic and water chestnuts
with some of the sauce and then added the chicken to it because my hubby hates
any veggies. I would make this again again and again, definitely was proud of
myself for not screwing it up!!

LareinaK

Rating: 3 stars

05/20/2011

I made this for my husband who loves kung pau chicken. He told me not to make
it again because it was just ok. Only change I made was tripling the sauce.

BossDJ666

Rating: 5 stars

03/19/2008

This recipe was fantastic. Double the marinade and triple the sauce (careful
tripling the chili paste, the GF and I LOVE spicy food and 3 ounces was too
much for her. I would recommend 1.5 - 2 when tripling.). I brought a pot of
water to boil (for pasta) and started to cook the chicken, marinade and all,
and then shortly after started cooking the sauce. As other reviewers noted,
when doubling the marinade and tripling the sauce, DO NOT double or triple the
amounts of cornstarch. I only added 1 tbsp cornstarch dissolved into 1 tbsp of
water into the sauce and it got thick very quickly. I would recommend keeping
about a cup of water next to the stove because that's about how much I ended
up adding. As soon as the chicken was done I added it to the sauce and threw
in my pasta (highly recommend using "thick" spaghetti). Once my pasta was
done, I strained, put it back into the pot, and dumped the sauce / chicken
over it and mixed it in. It tastes JUST like California Pizza Kitchen's Kung
Pao Spaghetti, SO SO good.

ALLYKATD

Rating: 5 stars

06/03/2011

Awesome. I follow the recipe almost exactly except for a hungry family of four
(and that includes two teenage boys with hollow legs), I have to really
increase the recipe probably x6 and I substitute seasoned rice vinegar for
regular vinegar. Oh, and you really don't have to marinate the chicken at all.
I never do and it turns out beautiful. Almost never any leftovers and if there
are, they go quick the next day for lunch.

DarkAngel

Rating: 3 stars

10/25/2006

This was an okay recipe that did in fact taste decent, but seemed to be
missing something. I had some anxiety while making it because the aroma was so
pungent that I wasn't sure how it would end up tasting - whether it would even
be edible. Adding lots of water is probably the key here. I had taken some
reviewers' advice and didn't use the cornstarch, but probably would use at
least a little bit if I made this again, since it was a little too watery
without it. I served it with egg-fried rice and spring rolls. Thanks.

Lindsayl

Rating: 5 stars

02/16/2011

Wonderful! I left out the water chestnuts and peanuts, doubled the garlic,
nixed the chile paste (didn't have any). The sauce turned out a bit thicker
than I like, but I just thinned it with 1/4 cup of H2O and it was perfect.
Nomz!

McCrearyacres

Rating: 5 stars

03/27/2011

Okay-when this was all done it didn't look appetizing! But the taste was
amazing! Will work on my sauce to improve its visual appeal, but the taste is
perfect.

Hugh Pastoriza

Rating: 5 stars

06/20/2009

Finally! Having tried to crack the code on making decent Chinese food at home
for years, this was as close as I've come so far. Even winging it -
substituted sherry for the wine, didn't have the green onions or peanuts...the
sauce was awesome and very restaurant like, although I needed to add some
liquid toward the end to thin it a bit (would have used wine if I'd had it so
I used water) this was 'The Bomb'. Next time I'll have all the ingredients and
definitely add some hot chilis.

Cindy

Rating: 5 stars

02/05/2012

This was great! I couldn't find hot chile paste so we used chili sauce and
forgot to add something for kick, but will do that the next time. If you don't
have sesame oil, get some! It really added a great flavor. I used 5 oz. of
water chestnuts and some carrots, celery and onions. The dish was wonderful at
first sitting, but didn't heat up well the next day. We'll have this again
soon - thanks for the recipe!

LitaC

Rating: 5 stars

01/19/2012

I've been trying to make kung pao from scratch for years, and I've never
*quite* got it.. but this recipe made a fantastic base! I used chicken thighs
which give it that rich flavor and eliminate the need for cornstarch :P. I
didn't use white wine, and I substituted stevia for sugar which worked just
fine :). I separately quick fried my bell peppers, onions and celery in some
coconut oil and added it to the chicken. I also quick fried some cabbage in
coconut oil to put the chicken on top of. It was very good :)

naturalgirl

Rating: 5 stars

09/13/2006

Very good an authenic tasting. I added more garlic and chilli paste and chic
broth to enhance an already great recipe! Thanks!

Julie W

Rating: 5 stars

09/07/2009

I would give this 10+ stars if I could!! AMAZING. I followed the recipe to the
tee except I used 1/2 lbs cut up chicken tender meat, no onions or water
chestnuts (ew) and I left the peanuts whole. WOW, this was fantastic. THANKS!

Becky Giberson

Rating: 4 stars

12/28/2011

Good for a weeknight meal. Doesn't produce enough sauce for my liking.
Consider doubling the sauce for next time to serve over the rice.

ASunleaf

Rating: 4 stars

09/25/2011

Very good! Definitely not enough sauce. I even doubled the sauce like
suggested. I should have quadrupled the sauce.

NUNPUNCH

Rating: 4 stars

09/02/2009

Good recipe on the first try. I did double the sauce as suggested, but do not
recommend doubling the corn starch, as it isnt necessary. I also did a few
things to enrich the flavors: use half dark, half light soy sauce in the
sauce, add some chipotle powder to the marinade and a little fresh ginger and
extra minced garlic to the sauce as well. Great recipe.

ForneySAHM

Rating: 4 stars

07/13/2010

I made exactly according to the recipe (minus water chestnuts- yuck) and it
was delicious, but didn't taste like the King Pao I get at our local eateries.

massageldy

Rating: 4 stars

11/16/2011

Wonderful flavor but sauce is a bit think! Decrease amount of corn starch!!
Double sauce (at least)

monkeycooks

Rating: 5 stars

02/06/2011

Really good. I took the other reviewers suggestions and doubled the sauce.
Mine was super spicy, so I'll tone it down next time.

STRETCHAD

Rating: 5 stars

05/22/2011

I needed to thin this out with about a 1/4 cup of water at the end. Delicious!

Libbi Boerschig

Rating: 4 stars

12/05/2002

Excellent recipe... I added 1/4 cup more of brown sugar for some spicey
sweetness.... it's a once a month meal for us now.

Elaine Mical

Rating: 5 stars

08/20/2012

Deeeeeelish !!! First time I ever used hot chile paste. Doesn't have the same
fire as chile garlic sauce. Had to triple the amount before we could start to
feel the heat. Great recipe. Shared with a neighbor who said this was the best
food she ever put in her mouth:)

Vicki

Rating: 1 stars

02/09/2012

Followed recipe exactly and this was not very good. Chicken definitely needs
to be browned.

YayHappens

Rating: 4 stars

03/30/2007

It is more of a spicy schezuan chicken than the kung pao that is served in the
Chinese restaurants we have here, but still very tasty, and the leftovers were
still excellent! I tripled the sauceas suggested by other reviewers. I used
chili oil instead of sesame oil in the marinade and sauce to kick up the
spicyness. I threw the chicken in the wok a minute and dumped the marinade and
sauce in all together. Stirred vigorously and let it simmer for about 15 mins
on medium heat. Only needed to add 1/4 cup of water in the process. The
peanuts, water chestnuts and green onions were added towards the end (closer
to when it was ready to serve.) Turned out with lots of sauce. Very delicious,
very spicy! Thank you for the recipe! Will be making it again.

bellepepper

Rating: 3 stars

01/27/2012

I believe the people who liked this recipe changed it pretty dramatically, as
I did. We did enjoy my adaptation and would make it again. From reading the
reviews I learned that the amount of cornstarch, sesame oil and hot chile
paste are excessive and the recipe produces far too little sauce. Here is what
I did. First I marinated the chicken as directed but without the
cornstarch/water mixture. I didn’t have water chestnuts, so I sweated a mix of
colored peppers in a little vegetable oil and removed them from the pan. I
mixed up a triple batch of sauce, again omitting the cornstarch/water and
significantly reducing the hot chile sauce and sesame oil to taste. I added a
little more oil to the same pan, drained the marinade from the chicken, and
quickly sautéed it until it was golden brown and cooked through and removed it
from the pan. Then I deglazed the pan with the sauce. CAUTION: I’m not sure
why, but even using a large 4-qt. pan, my sauce bubbled up extremely high. So
much so, I had to remove it from the heat so it wouldn’t boil over. I mixed a
rounded teaspoon of cornstarch with water and added it to the sauce until I
reached the consistency I was after. I added the chicken back to heat through,
but did not add the peppers because there was still not enough sauce, even
after tripling it. Instead I microwaved the peppers to reheat and served them
on the side. For those wanting to make this, read the reviews, both good and
bad before proceeding!

FNChef

Rating: 5 stars

12/28/2007

10 stars, really! As others mentioned, definitely add the water to the sauce.
About 1 cup, worked for me. I used cashews instead of peanuts. Made several
times now, and each time has been a success! So easy and delicious. Leftovers
make an excellent lunch!!

pumpkinseed65

Rating: 5 stars

06/07/2012

This was so good. I followed the other posts and made extra sauce. I added red
bell peppers and dried chili peppers for an extra kick. I will be making it
again

MITCHB2

Rating: 5 stars

12/18/2011

Excellent flavors, even though I only had chili sauce, not paste. I know it
will be even better next time with chili paste. As everyone else said, the
quantities for the sauce are unrealistic. 5X is the right amount to be served
over rice. I made this along with brown rice and broccoli lo mein and busted
my gut.

Baking Nana

Allstar

Rating: 4 stars

01/22/2010

I made this last night and although it is tasty it is missing something. I
can't really figure out exactly what though. I will try it again. ....
OK...laughing at myself, I made this again, forgot that I had made it before
and was going to say the same thing! I have decided that the marinade for the
chicken is what is lacking. I will report back!

Sherri M.

Rating: 5 stars

02/12/2006

My Husaband and I love this recipe. We change it up a little, we use beef
instead of chicken. It is always a big hit when I make it.

MLM22

Rating: 5 stars

03/22/2008

Excellent dish. Better than most restaurants! I followed the recipe to the
letter, and in my opinion, it doesn't need changing at all (except for
doubling the sauce, as others have recommended). This one's definitely a
keeper!

Tammy LaPorta

Rating: 5 stars

01/31/2012

My entire family loved it. Didn't realize that I hadn't put the chile past in
until later that evening. It still had a little kick to it but not spicy -
probably from the soy or vinegar. Def double the ingredients for the sauce
EXCEPT the cornstarch. I'd reduce that significanly. Next time I'll probably
get the sauce going and add the water/cornstartch as needed to thicken it
instead of trying to thin it out. Yum yum!

berry sweet

Rating: 5 stars

02/21/2011

So yummy!!! Double the sauce for sure. I used 1/2 a can of water chestnuts and
chopped them up, otherwise it would have been too much for my liking. As
others have mentions you will need to add some water. Add enough water to get
your desired thickness. Thanks for the delicious recipe!

Acinom

Rating: 5 stars

12/22/2011

Good recipe...as close to the real thing as one can get w/o going out for
Chinese! I did make a few minor adjustments based on what I had on hand. Once
I saw how much the sauce made, I decided to triple it...it's not enough for
the meat or rice if you choose to serve over rice. I used sherry in place of
the wine, shrimp in place of chicken, peanuts in place of the cashews, and
Wondra gravy mix in place of the cornstarch (it blends better than cornstarch
or flour, so it's all I use). OUTSTANDING! This recipe is truly a keeper and I
urge all to try it as is or with my minor changes.

Traci-in-Cali

Rating: 4 stars

04/27/2010

I couldn't give this 5 stars although my end result was a 5; as is I felt it
had no sauce! NOt sure why no one else mentioned but after I put the "sauce"
in the pan and begun to heat it turned into some kind of paste so I ended up
adding about 1/4 cup water. Over all the dish was tasty but I think you need
to double or triple your sauce. I only had chili sauce so I added a dash of
cayenne! My guys all liked this very much!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

08/23/2002

Wow! This was very hot but so good. I substituted tofu for chicken and added
carrots, brocolli and bamboo shoots. Definitely double (or triple the recipe).
Exact measurements aren't required either - I added more soy sauce for a
saltier taste.

Brenda

Rating: 5 stars

02/27/2011

Very tasty. Can adjust heat with crushed red pepper as desired. Definitely
double the sauce.

mujo77

Rating: 5 stars

01/10/2012

Spicy! I like it that way though!

Litegal1

Rating: 5 stars

03/10/2011

We thoroughly enjoyed your recipe (thank you!). Halved main recipe, but kept
sauce as written - sauce did thicken up a little too much, but nothing a
little water couldn't fix. We added baby corn (spectacular) and some sliced
Napa cabbage. Next time, will need to remember to cut meat quite small (I left
too large), and perhaps add a sliver or two of ginger. I think some small red
peppers would be a nice addition as well (we didn't find recipe spicy at all
and ended up adding some hot chili sauce to compensate). UPDATE: had to come
back and upgrade to a 5 (grin) - this stuff is just good!

CUTESTCUTIE

Rating: 5 stars

07/02/2005

Oh, yummy!!! A little spicy for my Anoose, but with less chili paste it is mad
tasty. Oh yeah, oh yeah. I doubled the marinade and tripled the sauce. Pudgy
hubby liked it too. Oh, and one more thing (oh yeah, oh yeah): don't add
cornstarch mixture, don't add cornstarch mixture. Oh yeah, no need, oh yeah,
oh yeah.

BeccaM

Rating: 4 stars

06/25/2010

This was very good! I wavered between 4 and 5 stars, actually, but decided on
4 because I made a few little changes which improved it. Because we are a bit
sensitive to spiciness, I cut the chili paste in about half. I also doubled
the brown sugar and added extra water to the finished dish, which made more
sauce. This recipe had excellent flavor and I will certainly be making it
again!

Nandabear

Rating: 4 stars

11/23/2008

Nice, easy, yummy recipe! I made very few modifications. Just doubled the
amount of the marinade and tripled the sauce. I used less cornstarch than
called for and still had to add more water. Nothing wrong with that. I'm just
happy that the kids enjoyed it and that we didn't have to pay restaurant
prices for a meal with an Asian flair.

Mandy_H

Rating: 5 stars

09/20/2010

My husband is very picky and a lover of chinese food. He gave this recipe a
definite 5 stars (which is a first). I took previous reviewers advice and
tripled the amount of sauce.

Jessica

Rating: 5 stars

12/09/2010

Just as good as eating out!

calizen

Rating: 4 stars

02/13/2006

Excellent flavor but very spicy! Next time I will scale back on the amount of
chili paste. I omitted the water chestnuts because I dislike them, and added
thinly sliced carrots, onions and red bell pepper. I will definitely make this
again. Thanks!

Stacey Smith Briggs

Rating: 5 stars

05/14/2003

Very good, will make again. Doubled the marinade and tripled the sauce. Sauce
ended up a bit thick so next time I'll triple everything except
cornstarch/water mixture. Couldn't find chili paste so used Sesame Oil
w/Chili. Came out spicy, but not too spicy for us.

RENEE54

Rating: 5 stars

02/24/2007

This recipe was fantastic! My husband and I are trying to eat healthier so I
changed a few things. I only used 1TBLSP of Sesame Seed oil for the whole
recipe. I omitted the water chestnuts and peanuts and put in 1/2 tsp of
reduced fat peanut butter. I didn't have chile paste so I used 1TBLSP Red
Pepper Sauce and 1/2TBLSP of crushed red pepper flakes. We served it over
brown rice. This turned out absolutely incredible. My husband loves Chinese
food and said he thought it was the best Kung Pao Chicken he has ever had.
This will be a staple at my house. Thanks for the recipe!!

HomeCookinMom

Rating: 3 stars

03/05/2012

not bad as stated, but will need to double the sauce.

BEBOC

Rating: 5 stars

01/10/2012

5x the sauce other than the cornstarch part, left that as written. I added
some extra veggies too. This was yummy delicious! Will definately add to my
rotation!

jenn

Rating: 2 stars

02/05/2012

Not sure whati did wrong but found the flavor a bit off and the texture too
thick...

Tonja Grothe

Rating: 5 stars

12/29/2011

I gave this a 5 because it tasted good...even with my error! I accidentally
put the chicken in the pan without browning first, and just cooked right in
the sauce. I also added baby corn, some green pepper chunks and water
chestnuts. Ate with the coconut rice from this site. I made according to the
recipe other than my error (even the chile paste). Was just the right spice.
Yum!

redgrape40

Rating: 5 stars

10/23/2006

This was so flavorful and great! I did double the marinade and sauce and was
glad I did (also added about 1/4 cup of water to sauce). I also followed
others and added red pepper thinly sliced. I mistakenly added 1 can of bean
sprouts and my husband and I really liked the added flavor. I wasn't sure
about the chile paste because I'd never used it before and found a red pepper
chile paste that seemed to work okay. I added about 1/2 tsp of red pepper
flakes and the dish had the perfect bite. I served this over steamed jasmine
rice and it tasted perfect. Thanks for a great recipe that will be used
frequently in my home.

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Kung Pao Chicken

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Kung Pao Chicken

##  All Reviews for Kung Pao Chicken

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Kung Pao Chicken

Servings Per Recipe: 4  
Calories: 436.5  

% Daily Value *

protein:  34.4g  69 %

carbohydrates:  25.3g  8 %

dietary fiber:  4.2g  17 %

sugars:  6.8g

fat:  23.3g  36 %

saturated fat:  3.8g  19 %

cholesterol:  65.9mg  22 %

vitamin a iu:  173.6IU  4 %

niacin equivalents:  23.4mg  180 %

vitamin b6:  0.8mg  52 %

vitamin c:  5.6mg  9 %

folate:  59.9mcg  15 %

calcium:  48.7mg  5 %

iron:  2.4mg  14 %

magnesium:  92.6mg  33 %

potassium:  620.6mg  17 %

sodium:  595.6mg  24 %

thiamin:  0.2mg  23 %

calories from fat:  209.7

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Kung Pao Chicken

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 979

Kung Pao Chicken

1 of 113 Kung Pao Chicken

crunzo

Kung Pao Chicken

2 of 113 Kung Pao Chicken

Photowench

Kung Pao Chicken

3 of 113 Kung Pao Chicken

Suki Suki

Kung Pao Chicken

4 of 113 Kung Pao Chicken

Chef Leenda

Kung Pao Chicken

5 of 113 Kung Pao Chicken

David Turner

Kung Pao Chicken

6 of 113 Kung Pao Chicken

Mmcalon M

Kung Pao Chicken

7 of 113 Kung Pao Chicken

MJH

Kung Pao Chicken

8 of 113 Kung Pao Chicken

sue

Kung Pao Chicken

9 of 113 Kung Pao Chicken

LaVonia

Kung Pao Chicken

10 of 113 Kung Pao Chicken

Aly Del Remedio

Kung Pao Chicken

11 of 113 Kung Pao Chicken

chill pill

Kung Pao Chicken

12 of 113 Kung Pao Chicken

vasij2

Kung Pao Chicken

13 of 113 Kung Pao Chicken

Linda Ice

Kung Pao Chicken

14 of 113 Kung Pao Chicken

RFD

Kung Pao Chicken

15 of 113 Kung Pao Chicken

MrMannyRodz

Kung Pao Chicken

16 of 113 Kung Pao Chicken

Jason Priest

Kung Pao Chicken

17 of 113 Kung Pao Chicken

Mich

Kung Pao Chicken

18 of 113 Kung Pao Chicken

Ruth M

Kung Pao Chicken

19 of 113 Kung Pao Chicken

Toni Moore

Kung Pao Chicken

20 of 113 Kung Pao Chicken

Lorena Nieves

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Kung Pao Chicken to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Kung Pao Chicken

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

