https://kitchenconfidante.com/harissa-style-roast-chicken-with-butternut-squash-and-potatoes-recipe


Kitchen Confidante

  * Home
  * About
  * Blog
  * Recipe Index
  * Cookbook
  * Podcast
  * FAQ
  * Contact

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

  * SHARE THIS
  * Make This
  * Print This

Recipes » Condiments » Harissa-style Roast Chicken with Butternut Squash and
Potatoes

# Harissa-style Roast Chicken with Butternut Squash and Potatoes

by Liren Baker on December 14, 2017 updated December 1, 2018 | 32 Comments
This post may contain affiliate links. Please see Affiliate Disclosure in my
Terms of Service.

Harissa sauce transforms a simple roast chicken into a bold and hearty meal in
a recipe for Harissa-style Roast Chicken with Butternut Squash and Potatoes.

Harissa-style Roast Chicken with Butternut Squash and Potatoes

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

 _Harissa sauce transforms a simple roast chicken into a bold and hearty meal
in a recipe for Harissa-style Roast Chicken with Butternut Squash and
Potatoes._

  

_Note: This post first appeared November 13, 2011 and has been updated with
improved kitchen notes, recipe annotation and photography. I hope you enjoy
this favorite from my kitchen!_

Running errands the other day, I pushed my shopping cart from one end of the
store to the other. I warily passed the display of Christmas trees and cringed
as I heard the holiday music caroling from the shelves of CDs. I may be the
biggest lover of all things Christmas, but with Thanksgiving still over a week
away, it all felt, well, premature.

In the last 24 hours, something has changed. I'm really starting to feel
festive. Perhaps the energy comes from listening to and guiding my children as
they drafted their Christmas wish lists this weekend. Or the aroma of
fireplaces perfuming the crisp night air. Even the holiday music that my
daughter started to play today did not grate my nerves. Instead, it calmed me.
I hummed along.

With all that we have to squeeze in between these two major holidays, I find
myself paring back on my everyday cooking. Gotta save the big guns for the
entertaining. With weeks packed with holiday performances and school events,
decorating and gift giving, I try to cook as simply as possible.

If I owned a slow cooker, these are the days I would probably use one.
Instead, I rely on my oven. And flavor. Harnessing the power of a Harissa
style fire-roasted red pepper sauce, a simple roast chicken is transformed
into a bold and hearty meal. Allow baby potatoes and butternut squash to soak
in the fiery warmth, and let each bite of Harissa-style Roast Chicken with
Butternut Squash and Potatoes warm your belly. Let it sustain you through this
holiday season.

### More delicious chicken recipes:

Slow Cooker vs Pressure Cooker vs Dutch Oven  
Thai-Spiced Mandarin Orange Roasted Chicken Thighs  
Filipino Chicken Adobo  
Roast Chicken with Thai-Chili Compound Butter  
Tomato Pepper Chicken Stew

## Harissa-style Roast Chicken with Butternut Squash and Potatoes

Harness the power of a Harissa-style fire-roasted red pepper sauce and
transform a simple roast chicken into a bold and hearty meal.

Print This Pin This

Course Main Course

Cuisine Middle Eastern

Prep Time 20 minutes

Cook Time 40 minutes

Total Time 1 hour

Servings 4 servings

Calories 671kcal

Author Liren Baker

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 1 cup fire-roasted red peppers see notes below
  * ▢ 6 cloves garlic
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons red chili flakes
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon cumin
  * ▢ 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt plus extra for seasoning
  * ▢ 1/2 cup fresh cilantro
  * ▢ 1/2 cup olive oil
  * ▢ 4 chicken legs
  * ▢ 1 butternut squash peeled, seeded and diced (see notes below)
  * ▢ 1 1/2 cups potatoes quartered or small whole

### Instructions

  * Preheat the oven to 375°F with the rack placed in the center of the oven.

  * In the bowl of a food processor, chop the fire roasted red peppers, garlic, red chili flakes, cumin, salt, and cilantro until it is a smooth paste. With the motor running, add the olive oil and blend until the sauce is smooth and creamy. Set aside about 1/2 cup.

  * Marinate the chicken in the remaining sauce for at least 30 minutes. For maximum flavor, marinate overnight.

  * Place the chicken in a baking dish.

  * Lightly toss the prepared butternut squash and potatoes in about 2 tablespoons of Harissa sauce and nestle between the chicken pieces. Season lightly with salt.

  * Bake for about 30-40 minutes or until a thermometer inserted into chicken registers 165°F.

  * Serve immediately with reserved sauce.

### Notes

For convenience, jarred fire-roasted red peppers (such as can be found at
Trader Joe’s) can be used. Also, to save time, I will sometimes opt for pre-
cut butternut squash that you can find in the produce section. Of course, if
you have time, there’s nothing better than roasting and peeling your own
peppers over an open flame. Also, if you are really pinched for time, store-
bought harissa sauce also works! Whatever makes it easier for you!

Inspired by and adapted from Harissa Sauce Recipe by One Tribe Gourmet, as
featured on Saveur.com (recipe no longer available).

### Nutrition

Calories: 671kcal | Carbohydrates: 37g | Protein: 26g | Fat: 48g | Saturated
Fat: 9g | Cholesterol: 119mg | Sodium: 962mg | Potassium: 1413mg | Fiber: 7g |
Sugar: 4g | Vitamin A: 21555IU | Vitamin C: 66.8mg | Calcium: 166mg | Iron:
6.3mg

Did you make this recipe?I'd love to see! Tag @kitchconfidante on Instagram
and hashtag it #kitchenconfidante





### Share this:

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Pinterest
  * Yummly
  * Email
  * 

__previous post

next post __

##  Comments

###  Cancel reply

Name *

Email *

Website

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Current ye@r *

Leave this field empty

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

  1. Billy 5 years ago 

Can't wait to try this recipe - I love finding recipes that use harissa. Such
a great ingredient and adds a great flavor! Thank you for sharing!

Reply

    * Liren Baker 5 years ago 

My pleasure! Enjoy!!

Reply

  2. Tammy 8 years ago 

What are the asterisks for by the fire roasted red peppers and the butternut
squash. I can't seem to find anything explaining what the asterisks are for.  
By the way, the website One Tribe Gourmet, seems to have been hacked so it is
impossible to get in. Thank you in advance for your response.

Reply

    * Liren Baker 8 years ago 

Hi Tammy, thanks for asking. For some reason, perhaps during a site redesign,
some of the notes were lost with the recipe, originally designated by the
asterisks. I have updated the recipe so you can see my notes below. Also,
thank you for letting me know about One Tribe Gourmet - I will reach out to
Sara who writes the site and let her know as well.

Reply

  3. oh sweet escape 11 years ago 

i always wanted to try harissa… this looks like a great recipe to try it!

Reply

  4. Christine 11 years ago 

Hey Foodies, Liren's Harissa-style Roast recipe has been selected by Knapkins
in our Recipe Guessing Game. Invite fans to play:
http://knapkins.com/guess_games/707?source=blog

Reply

  5. Lindsay @ Rosemarried 11 years ago 

What is not to like in this dish? I adore Harissa, and butternut squash is in
season right now…and this sounds like the perfect meal. Simply beautiful!

Reply

  6. Kita 11 years ago 

I feel like Thanksgiving and Christmas both seem extra rushed already this
year, but I won't lie, I kind of dig the holiday music as I'm bopping around
stores. This chicken looks so warm and comforting. It's been grey here for two
days and this is just the kind of dinner I need to see.

Reply

  7. Ana 11 years ago 

I wonder if I can make this look just as good as the pictures! What a
wonderful dish. Nutritious and delicious!

Reply

  8. Kiri W. 11 years ago 

Wow, this looks like such a comforting feast! I'd love every bite - thank you
for sharing this great recipe.

Reply

  9. Grubarazzi (@Grubarazzi) 11 years ago 

Gorgeous pictures. Gorgeous dish!

Reply

  10. A Canadian Foodie 11 years ago 

That is a beautiful, flavourful, nutritious family meal on a plate, Liren! The
flavours I know I would love. Anything with roasted peppers is a winner to me.
The Butternut squash and potatoes look delish. I have another recipe for
roasted root veggies, I love, too - and the salad - YUM!  
I can say, though, that after living on homemade roasted red peppers - I can
only tolerate the jarred ones in a sauce - and baked - I am sure it would be
good - but in a fresh sauce, not so much.  
:)  
Valerie

Reply

  11. Christina @ This Woman Cooks! 11 years ago 

This is exactly the kind of meal I crave this time of year. I love how simple
it is and how easy it is to put together. Wonderful.

Reply

  12. purabi naha 11 years ago 

The chicken looks delish and perfectly cooked! I am drooling! The recipe is
perfect!  
http://cosmopolitancurrymania.blogspot.com

Reply

  13. Tine 11 years ago 

I love simple dishes like these!

Reply

  14. Anna 11 years ago 

What I love about this recipe is that the ingredients make me think about
home, family. And that is what the holidays are all about right? With chicken,
you can never go wrong…This is a must try!

Reply

  15. lee 11 years ago 

OMGosh this looks delicious, I am writing this one down. Reminds me of when I
was living in the Middle East.

Lee

Reply

  16. Lindsey@Lindselicious 11 years ago 

Oh I love harissa, that sounds like a good idea to put it on the roasted
chicken like that. This meal looks amazing!

Reply

  17. Kathryn O 11 years ago 

There are few things better than a roast chicken hot out of the oven, and I
love all the warm flavors here! So simple but so nourishing -- the perfect
pre-holiday meal :)

Reply

  18. Sara 11 years ago 

Liren, this dish looks absolutely delcious!My mouth is watering! I'm glad you
liked the Harissa recipe! :)

Regards,  
Sara xo

Reply

  19. Julie @ Willow Bird Baking 11 years ago 

WOW, will you LOOK at the color on that thing?!?! This is certainly getting
bookmarked. It looks delicious!

Reply

  20. Kim Bee 11 years ago 

This is one beautiful meal. Simply stunning and beautiful. Your pictures are
incredible.

Reply

  21. Vanille 11 years ago 

Lunch time here and looking at your mouthwatering chicken makes my stomach
growling !

Reply

  22. Norma 11 years ago 

I agree with Angela..comfort and healthy…beautifuly plated.

Reply

  23. angela@spinachtiger 11 years ago 

What I most love about this recipe is that it's comforting, yet healthy
looking, and your pictures show that vibrancy.

Reply

  24. Savorique 11 years ago 

I often find harissa too hot for my own palate, but this one seems fine. In
general, what if I made my home made harissa too hot, how could I make it
milder?

Reply

    * Liren 11 years ago 

This version of harissa is definitely on the milder end of the spectrum - my
own children happily ate this chicken without complaint. If you want to tone
down the harissa you have at home, I would suggest toning the heat down by
adding a little buttermilk or plain yogurt to your marinade. That would also
help to tenderize the chicken! Good luck!

Reply

  25. Kathryn 11 years ago 

It feels like Christmas will be wonderful this year. More frugal, more
homemade, more about the people we love. This is the earliest I've been
getting ready and in the mindset for certain. Your recipe looks and sounds
wonderful. This is my hubby's favorite type of meal and I can't wait to make
it for him. Thank you!

Reply

  26. Priscilla - She's Cookin' 11 years ago 

I need to get bit by the holiday bug! Having children at home definitely
contributes :) I'll start with some tummy warming harissa chicken - looks
fabulous!

Reply

  27. Mary@siftingfocus.com 11 years ago 

Is it my imagination or is the arrival of the Christmas Season being moved up
more and more every year? It use to be the day after Thanksgiving. Now, the
day after Halloween. Life moves at a fast enough pace as it is. I plan on
slowing down and savoring Turkey Day - then, I'll think about Christmas and
Hanukkah! By the way… love the pics. I seriously wish I could pick up a fork
and dive in right now.

Reply

  28. Barbara | Creative Culinary 11 years ago 

I'm with you…so trying to wait til after Thanksgiving to get into the
Christmas spirit…but it's hard to avoid and I admit, I'm already making gifts
from the kitchen for Christmas…liqueurs need a couple of weeks to be ready you
know!

This looks deliciously warm in multiple ways; just gorgeous.

Reply

  29. Belinda @zomppa 11 years ago 

You got bit by the holiday bug! Love this dish - awesome enough to put anyone
in the mood.

Reply

get on

the list

#### We'll email you the best posts

#### SEARCH THE SITE

#### COOKBOOK

ORDER NOW

## Readers' Favorite Recipes

#### Grilled Pork Skewers with Balsamic Marinade

#### How to Make a Charcuterie Board

View All

## Family Favorites

#### Cranberry Apple Crisp

#### 10 Easy Filipino Recipes

View All

## Appetizers/Snacks

#### Avocado Popsicles

#### How to Cook Artichokes in the Microwave

View All

## Brunch & Breads

#### Blueberry Muffin Overnight Oats

#### Carrot Cake Waffles

View All

## Soups & Salads

#### Chana Masala Soup: Spiced Chickpea Soup {Instant Pot, Canned Chickpeas}

#### Artichoke Salad with Fried Mozzarella

View All

## Main Dishes

#### Grilled Dry Aged Steak

#### Certified Angus Beef® Steak Recipe with Garlic Herb Compound Butter

View All

## Desserts and Treats

#### Apricot Galette

#### Avocado Popsicles

View All

## Beverages

#### European Hot Chocolate

#### 20 Simple Smoothie Recipes

View All

get on

the list

#### We'll email you the best posts

#### Fast Finds

  * favorites
  * appetizers/snacks
  * soups/salads
  * vegetables
  * main dishes
  * breakfast
  * desserts/treats
  * beverages
  * wine
  * travel

top

Kitchen Confidante

  * Press
  * Privacy Policy & Disclosure
  * Terms of Service
  * Disclaimers
  * Contact

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

© 2010-2022 Kitchen Confidante LLC Kitchen Confidante LLC is a participant in
the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program
designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising
and link to Amazon.com.

  * Home

  * About

  * Blog

  * Recipe Index

    * Meat/Poultry

    * Seafood/Fish

    * Soups & Salads

    * Pasta, Rice & Grains

    * Vegetables

    * Desserts and Treats

    * Brunch & Breads

    * Beverages

  * Cookbook

  * Podcast

  * FAQ

  * Contact

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

Kitchen Confidante uses cookies to serve you the best possible experience. By
using our website, we understand that you accept their use and agree to our
cookie policy. Accept

The cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the
best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without
changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" below then you are
consenting to this.

Close

