https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/sweet-chilli-pork-stir-fry/621c9512-3e0a-4e19-9618-c13f19de037f


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Sweet chilli pork stir-fry

  * _20m_ prep
  * _10m_ cook
  * _6_ servings 

Rate Now

Save Recipe

50 people saved this

This sweet chilli pork stir-fry is ready in just 30 minutes.

M

Michelle Southan, Food Editor - Australian Good Taste

279 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain gluten, wheat, tree nut, groundnut and sesame.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 14 Ingredients 
  * 7 Method Steps 

#### 14 Ingredients

  * 125g pack rice vermicelli noodles 

  * 1/4 cup hoisin sauce 

  * 1/4 cup sweet chilli sauce 

  * 2 tbsp rice wine vinegar 

  * 2 tsp brown sugar 

  * 2 tbsp peanut oil 

  * 350g pork fillet, thinly sliced 

  * 1 red onion, halved, cut into thin wedges 

  * 200g green beans, cut into 5cm lengths 

  * 125g pack baby corn, halved lengthways 

  * 1 tbsp finely grated fresh ginger 

  * 2 garlic cloves, crushed 

  * 1/2 cup fresh Thai basil leaves 

  * 8 iceberg lettuce leaves 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 7 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Cook the noodles  (125g pack rice vermicelli noodles) following packet
directions or until just tender. Drain.

  * Step 2

Meanwhile, combine the hoisin sauce  (1/4 cup hoisin sauce), sweet chilli
sauce  (1/4 cup sweet chilli sauce), vinegar  (2 tbsp rice wine vinegar) and
sugar  (2 tsp brown sugar) in a jug.

  * Step 3

Heat half the oil  (2 tbsp peanut oil) in a wok or large frying pan over high
heat until smoking. Stir-fry the pork  (350g pork fillet, thinly sliced) for
3-4 minutes or until golden. Transfer to a plate.

  * Step 4

Heat the remaining oil in the wok over medium-high heat. Stir-fry the onion
(1 red onion, halved, cut into thin wedges), beans  (200g green beans, cut
into 5cm lengths) and corn  (125g pack baby corn, halved lengthways) for 2-3
minutes or until the beans are bright green and still tender crisp.

  * Step 5

Add the ginger  (1 tbsp finely grated fresh ginger) and garlic  (2 garlic
cloves, crushed), and stir-fry for 1 minute or until it is aromatic.

  * Step 6

Add the pork and hoisin sauce mixture, and toss until it is well combined and
the whole dish heated through.

  * Step 7

Stir in the basil  (1/2 cup fresh Thai basil leaves) until it starts to wilt.
Divide the pork and noodles among serving bowls and serve with the lettuce  (8
iceberg lettuce leaves).

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

0 people made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

50 people saved this

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by Brett Stevens

##  Popular on Taste

  1. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

  2. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  3. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

  4. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  5. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

  6. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  7. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

  8. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

