https://cookingwithbry.com/sticky-honey-ginger-pork-recipe/


  * All Recipes
  * Christmas
  * Meals
    * Quick & Easy
    * Slow & Steady
    * Appetisers & Light Bites
    * Brunch
    * Sauces
    * Desserts & Baking
    * Dinner
    * Drinks & Cocktails
    * Entertaining
    * Salad & Soup
    * Spice Rubs & Mixes
  * Ingredients
    * Beef & Ox
    * Chicken & Fowl
    * Lamb
    * Pasta & Rice
    * Pork
    * Seafood
    * Vegetarian
    * Venison & Game
  * Regions
    * Asian
    * Australian
    * British
    * European
    * Middle Eastern & Mediterranean
    * North Africa
    * North American
    * South American
  * Kitchen
    * How to Guides
    * Cookbook Club
  * About

Navigation Search

  * All Recipes
  * Christmas
  * Meals
    * Quick & Easy
    * Slow & Steady
    * Appetisers & Light Bites
    * Brunch
    * Sauces
    * Desserts & Baking
    * Dinner
    * Drinks & Cocktails
    * Entertaining
    * Salad & Soup
    * Spice Rubs & Mixes
  * Ingredients
    * Beef & Ox
    * Chicken & Fowl
    * Lamb
    * Pasta & Rice
    * Pork
    * Seafood
    * Vegetarian
    * Venison & Game
  * Regions
    * Asian
    * Australian
    * British
    * European
    * Middle Eastern & Mediterranean
    * North Africa
    * North American
    * South American
  * Kitchen
    * How to Guides
    * Cookbook Club
  * About

Search for:

## The Best Chicken Salad

## Spiced Braised Red Cabbage

## Creamy Roasted Garlic & Chicken Fettuccine

## Home-made Sizzler Toast

## Mustard Crusted Roast Potatoes with Crispy Bacon

## Proper Garlic Bread (with roasted garlic)

## Creamy Chicken One-Pot with Spinach and Broccolini

## Lemon Drizzle Cake

## Cauliflower Cheese

## Homemade Vanilla Ice Cream (no churn)

## Steak & Sausage Stew

## Vietnamese Pork Belly Lettuce Wraps

## Super Easy Choc Chip Muffins

## Spicy Chicken & Cauliflower Soup

## Penne al Forno (Pasta Bake)

## San Choy Bow

## Smoked Salmon Bagel with Lemon & Capers Cream Cheese

## Rustic Tomato Salad with Crunchy Croutons

share

# Sticky Honey Ginger Pork

AsianChineseDinnerIngredientsMeals & OccasionsPorkRecipesRegion

2 years ago

by Bry

Share this with your Tribe!  

Facebook

Pinterest

Yummly

Twitter

Reddit

email

When it comes to cooking with pork, although there are countless recipes from
all over the world, I always lean towards East Asian inspired dishes. I’m not
sure what it is about these flavours that work so well with pork. However, I
must admit I’m slightly addicted, especially to my sticky honey ginger pork.

This sticky honey ginger pork recipe reminds me a bit of my childhood
actually. My father, on special occasions, would make his fabulous “chilli
chicken” or “chilli fish”. This involved deep-fried, battered pieces of fish
(or chicken) served with an incredibly spicy, homemade sweet chilli sauce.
Although this isn’t that recipe, it’s certainly evocative of my childhood,
growing up in Sydney.

Now, although I do have a sticky sweet chilli pork belly recipe, I must say
this sticky honey ginger pork stirfry is quite different.

Firstly, I use pork loin for this recipe which is a very lean cut of pork.
This is stir fried on the stove top, rather than slow cooked in the oven, and
then is tossed through, and simmered in the sweet chilli sauce. I also use
Sriracha in this recipe, which is a deliciously hot and spicy chilli sauce.

Next, the very runny sauce is cooked down in the skillet to form a wonderfully
thick, glossy, sticky sauce. However, if you’re wanting something a little
more _saucy_ , you can always remove this from the heat earlier, when the
sauce hasn’t thickened to it’s sticky, glossy glory.

Thanks to the Sriracha, this recipe is not for the faint of heart!! If you are
wanting something a little milder, simply halve the Sriracha. Alternatively,
you can serve this with a drizzle of Kewpie mayonnaise which will help cut
through the heat!

## Sticky Honey & Chilli Pork Recipe

## Sticky Honey & Chilli Pork

Print

Delicious marinated pork in a chilli honey glaze with ginger and garlic.

**Cook Time** 30 minutes

**Marinade Time** 30 minutes

**Total Time** 1 hour

### Ingredients

#### Pork

  * 500g pork, diced 
  * 1 tbsp soy sauce 
  * 1 tbsp Shaohsing Chinese cooking wine 
  * 1 tbsp vegetable oil 
  * 1 tbsp cornflour 

#### Sauce

  * 5 cloves garlic, minced 
  * 1 tbsp ginger, minced 
  * 3/4 cup honey 
  * 1/4 cup Sriracha sauce 
  * 1 tbsp rice wine vinegar 
  * 1 tbsp soy sauce 

### Instructions

  1. Toss together the diced pork, soy sauce and Chinese cooking wine and set aside to marinate for 30 minutes.
  2. After 30 minutes, toss the marinated pork through the cornflour.
  3. Heat the oil in a skillet or wok over medium-high heat.
  4. Cook the pork in batches, until golden. Set aside.
  5. Reduce heat to medium and stirfry the ginger and garlic for 1 minute or until fragrant.
  6. Mix together the honey, Sriracha, vinegar and soy sauce, then add to the skillet.
  7. Increase heat to medium-high and stir sauce until bubbling and starting to thicken.
  8. Return the pork to the skillet and coat in the marinade. Simmer an additional 10-15 minutes, or until the sauce has thickened to your liking.
  9. Serve with rice, and stirfried greens.

#### Nutrition Information:

#### Yield:

4  
_Amount Per Serving:_ Calories: 437Total Fat: 7.9gSaturated Fat:
2.2gCholesterol: 91mgSodium: 633mgCarbohydrates: 58.6gFiber: 0.4gSugar:
52.4gProtein: 33.8g

(C) Bry

**Cuisine:** Chinese  / **Category:** Dinner

Share this with your Tribe!  

Facebook

Pinterest

Yummly

Twitter

Reddit

email

Tags: 30 minute meals

##  Related Posts

Australian Beef & Ox British Chicken & Fowl Dinner English Ingredients Italian
Meals & Occasions Pasta & Rice Recipes Region Scottish Winter Warmers

## Creamy Roasted Garlic & Chicken Fettuccine

8 months ago

British Christmas English Ingredients Meals & Occasions Recipes Region Sides
Vegetarian

## Spiced Braised Red Cabbage

8 months ago

Appetisers Australian Brunch Christmas Ingredients Meals & Occasions Recipes
Region Sides Snacks & Light Bites Spring & Summer Sensations Vegetarian Winter
Warmers

## Home-made Sizzler Toast

8 months ago

## About Me

## I'm Bry, welcome to my kitchen.

Food that tastes even better than it looks!

## Stay Connected

> ## Have you tried

Entertaining

## Super Simple Sausage Rolls

3 years ago

Entertaining

## Haggis Bon Bons

3 years ago

Dinner

## The Classic Cottage Pie

3 years ago

## Looking for something?

Search for:

## EXPLORE

  * Recipes
  * Privacy Policy and GDPR request
  * About
  * Contact

## The Best of the Best

## My Post Roast Rules: How to Reheat a Roast Dinner

25th December 2019 29808

## Super Simple Sausage Rolls

2nd January 2020 28085

## Haggis Bon Bons

3rd February 2020 25667

## The Classic Cottage Pie

6th December 2019 21376

## Sticky Honey Ginger Pork

3rd August 2020 14918

## Get Social

Copyright 2021 B J Mordwell

Close Cookmode

X

Skip to Recipe

