https://artisanfoodtrail.co.uk/recipes/aft/zingy-honey-chilli-chicken-pork/


0844 995 9996 info@artisanfoodtrail.co.uk

  * Home
  * Producers
    * Bakery & Patisserie
    * Beverages
    * Charcuterie
    * Condiments
    * Confectionery
    * Dairy
    * Delis & Farm Shops
    * Fish & Seafood
    * Fruit & Vegetables
    * Herbs & Spices
    * Ingredients
    * Meat
    * Oils & Vinegars
    * Prepared Foods
    * Preserves
    * Smoked Foods
    * Snacks
    * Free From Foods
    * Vegetarian & Vegan
    * Healthy Lifestyle
  * Experiences
    * Courses & Workshops
    * Training
  * Events
    * Shows, Festivals & Markets
    * Add Your Event
  * The Trail
    * Frequently Asked Questions
    * Competitions
    * Newsletter
    * Foods in Season
    * Awards & Press
  * Recipes
  * Blog
  * Contact
    * General Enquiries
    * Trade Enquiries
    * Media & Business Enquiries
  * Membership
    * AFT
      * Joining The Trail
      * Application Form
      * Login
    * AFT Services
      * Banners & Promotional Materials
      * Design & Branding
      * Email Marketing
      * Photography
      * Print
      * Social Media
      * Websites
    * Partner Services
      * Bookkeeping
      * Card Payment Solutions
      * Catering Equipment
      * Legal Helpline

Select Page

# Zingy Honey Chilli Chicken (or Pork)

#### Serves 4

Chicken really lends itself to the sweet stickiness of the honey and the
recipe is really easy to make too. If you prefer you could also use pork
chops.

Don’t be put off by the amount of chilli used as honey has the ability to tame
the heat into an overall mellowness.

It can be served with rice, crusty bread or new potatoes with a crisp green
salad.

### Ingredients

  * 6 tbsp runny honey
  * 2 red chillies, deseeded, finely chopped
  * 1 garlic clove, crushed
  * 2 tbsp Worcester sauce
  * 1 tbsp cider vinegar
  * 1 tbsp lemon juice
  * 1 tbsp fresh rosemary, finely chopped
  * salt and freshly ground black pepper
  * 4 skinless chicken breasts or 4 pork chops
  * 1 red capsicum pepper, cored and cut into chunks
  * 1 tbsp extra virgin cold pressed rapeseed oil or olive oil
  * 1 tsp cornflour

Download recipe card

### Method

Preheat the oven to 180C / 350F / Gas 4.

In a small bowl, mix the honey, chilli, worcester sauce, vinegar and lemon
juice. Add the rosemary, garlic and season with salt and pepper.

Take each chicken breast and score the flesh diagonally 3 times. Place in an
ovenproof dish along with the capsicum pepper and pour over the marinade.
Leave for an hour or so to allow the flavours to mingle.

Drizzle the chicken with the olive oil and place in the oven for 20-30 mins,
basting 2-3 times during cooking. As ovens vary check to make sure the chicken
is cooked all the way through by inserting a skewer into the thickest part of
a breast. The juice should run clear.

Take the dish from the oven and remove the chicken and peppers, using tongs to
another dish and keep warm. Pour the juices into a small saucepan and bring to
the boil and allow to cook until the liquid has reduced by half and has
thickened slightly. Turn down the heat to low.

In a small bowl mix the cornflour with a small amount of cold water. Pour a
little into the reduced marinade and stir until it has thickened, simmer
gently for a minute. Pour over the chicken and serve.

### Notes on ingredients

Fresh chillies are available from **Edible Ornamentals** which are grown at
their nursery in Bedfordshire.

### Foods in Season

See which foods are in season and at their best using our guide >>>

## More recipes…

### Chapattis

June 16, 2022

### Cucumber & Mint Raita

May 26, 2022

### Elderflower Cheesecake

May 23, 2022

### Sea Bass with Ginger, Chilli and Spring Onion

March 10, 2022

### Chicken, Vegetable & Pesto Traybake

February 18, 2020

### Sweet Shortcrust Pastry

February 12, 2019

### Basic Shortcrust Pastry

February 12, 2019

### Marmalade Cheesecake

April 12, 2018

### Pasta with Smoked Salmon and Capers

January 25, 2018

### Persian Honey Cakes

January 23, 2018

### How to make perfect roast potatoes

November 2, 2017

### Aloo Mutton Shakkarwala (Caramelised Lamb Curry)

September 29, 2017

### Saffron & Pistachio Biscuits

September 26, 2017

### Kipper Pâté

July 12, 2017

### Stuffed Squid

May 4, 2017

### Goats' Cheese & Onion Marmalade Parcels

May 2, 2017

### Rabbit Pie

April 24, 2017

### Carrot Cake

April 24, 2017

### Ragini's Chicken Curry (Cari Poule)

April 24, 2017

### Chocolate Mousse

April 21, 2017

### Chocolate Brownies

April 20, 2017

### Chicken with Saffron & Green Olives

April 19, 2017

### Individual No-Bake Cheesecakes

April 12, 2017

### Honey & Apricot Oat Cake

April 7, 2017

### Blood Orange & Cardamom Cake

April 7, 2017

### Spicy Marmalade Glazed Salmon

April 6, 2017

### Turkey, Brie & Cranberry Sandwich

February 6, 2017

### Turkey & Ham Croquetas

February 2, 2017

### Turkey Farmer's Pie

February 1, 2017

### Turkey Cacciatore

February 1, 2017

### Turkey Pastilla

February 1, 2017

### Coronation Turkey

December 22, 2016

### Chicken Tikka with a Mauritian Twist

December 22, 2016

### Chicken, Fennel & Apple Pasta Salad

December 22, 2016

### Watercress Soup

August 15, 2016

### Turkey Steaks with Lemon & Mint Avocado

August 12, 2016

### Salted Caramel Milkshake

August 12, 2016

### Super Beetroot Veggie Burgers

July 31, 2016

### Brazilian Style Black Beans

July 31, 2016

### Pumpkin Risotto

July 31, 2016

### Truffled Potato and Celeriac Bake

July 31, 2016

### Spiced Lentil Soup with Lime and Mint

July 31, 2016

### Roasted Smoked Garlic

July 31, 2016

### Roasted Asparagus with Chorizo and Poached Egg

July 31, 2016

### Crispy Courgette Fritters

July 31, 2016

### Fennel and Lemon Butter Dressing

July 31, 2016

### Roasted Tomatillo Salsa

July 31, 2016

### Watercress Pesto

July 31, 2016

### Cranberry Sauce

July 31, 2016

### Apple Sauce

July 31, 2016

### Roasted Rice-Stuffed Tomatoes

July 31, 2016

### Turkish Style Brown Rice Salad with Labneh

July 31, 2016

### Smoked Mushroom Risotto with Smoked Parmesan Crisps

July 31, 2016

### Peruvian Style Grilled Chicken

July 31, 2016

### Chicken and Spinach Curry

July 31, 2016

### Venison and Pork Chorizo with Fennel and Potatoes

July 31, 2016

### Braised Pork with Prunes and a Potato Top

July 31, 2016

### Wild Venison Chorizo and Butter Bean Stew

July 31, 2016

### Aromatic Chilli Beef

July 31, 2016

### Casseroled Chuck Steak in a Rich Sauce

July 31, 2016

### Beef Ragu

July 31, 2016

### Moroccan Style Meatballs

July 31, 2016

### Fragrant Coconut Chicken with Mustard Seeds

July 31, 2016

### Smoked Bacon, Bean and Savoy Cabbage Soup

July 31, 2016

### Stuffed Poblanos with Roasted Tomatillo Salsa

July 31, 2016

### Zingy Honey Chilli Chicken (or Pork)

July 31, 2016

### Toad in the Hole

July 31, 2016

### Smoked Paprika Stew with Caraway Dumplings

July 31, 2016

### Pan Fried Grouse with Blackberries and Blackberry Dressing

July 31, 2016

### Parsnip Soup with Spicy Chorizo

July 31, 2016

### Luscious Pork Belly

July 31, 2016

### Little Leek and Chorizo Frittata

July 31, 2016

### Bangers and Mash

July 31, 2016

### Autumn Venison Casserole

July 31, 2016

### Spiced Mackerel with Fennel Slaw

July 31, 2016

### Grilled Mackerel with Pepper Salad

July 31, 2016

### Cajun Salmon with Mango Salsa and Beany Rice

July 31, 2016

### Octopus and Chorizo Salad

July 31, 2016

### Ginger and Apricot Tiffin

July 31, 2016

### Ricotta Pancakes with Marinated Oranges

July 31, 2016

### Halloumi Lentil Salad

July 31, 2016

### Spicy Cheese Logs

July 31, 2016

### Muesli Cake

July 31, 2016

### Cardamom and Black Pepper Biscuits

July 31, 2016

### Savoury Seedy Crackers

July 31, 2016

### Apple Meringue Pie

July 31, 2016

### Simnel Cake

July 31, 2016

### Earl Grey Butter Biscuits

July 31, 2016

### Chocolate and Beetroot Cake

July 31, 2016

### Ricotta, Lemon and Raisin Tart

July 31, 2016

### Lemon Loaf Cake

July 31, 2016

### Feta, Spinach and Mint Tart with Linseed Meal Pastry

July 30, 2016

### Strawberries and Cream Sponge

July 30, 2016

### Wakes Cakes

July 30, 2016

### Autumn Salad

January 11, 2016

### Apple Crumble

January 11, 2016

### Lavender, Chilli & Rosemary Focaccia

December 24, 2015

## Sign up to receive our newsletter

For the latest producer info, shows, markets, recipes, competitions and more
each month. Please be assured that we don't sell or pass on your information
to third parties.

### Keep up to date with:

  * New and approved producers and produce
  * Offers, discounts, competitions and more
  * Seasonal produce and great tasting downloadable recipe ideas
  * Shows, events and markets

## Newsletter Signup

Name

Email Address

12 + 6 =

Submit

#### Contact

The Artisan Food Trail  
Devonshire Business Centre  
Works Road  
Letchworth Garden City  
Hertfordshire, SG6 1GJ

**0844 995 9996**

Calls cost 7ppm (inc. VAT) plus your phone company’s access charge.

#### Joining AFT

If you are a producer with a UK business and are thinking about becoming a
member, see our membership page.

© Please note that the complete contents of this website (brand, images, text
or other content) are copyright of The Artisan Food Trail or the suppliers of
any content not covered by The Artisan Food Trail. You may not use any of this
content, in any form, without prior written permission from The Artisan Food
Trail or it's suppliers. We take copyright infringement seriously and legal
action will be taken for any infringements.

The Artisan Food Trail is registered with the Information Commissioner's
Office - The Data Protection Act 1998 requires every data controller who is
processing personal information to register with the ICO, unless they are
exempt.

The Artisan Food Trail is registered in the UK for VAT: Reg No. 990 8898 41

#### Follow Us

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

© The Artisan Food Trail 2010-2022. Designed by childsdesign | Privacy Policy
| T&Cs;

This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to
our use of cookies. Some cookies can be deactivated through clicking 'Privacy
Preferences', others will require setting your browser preferences. If you're
happy to continue regardless, just click 'I Agree'.

Privacy Preferences I Agree

### Privacy Preference Center

Options

  * Consent Management
  * Cookie Settings
    * Analytics
    * Advertising
    * GDPR

#### Consent Management

Privacy Policy

ON OFF

You have read and agreed to our Privacy Policy.

#### Analytics

Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.
(‘Google’), to help us see how our website is used. Please see Google for more
details.

Cookies Used

ON OFF

_ga, _gat, _gid

#### Advertising

This cookie is set by facebook to tell us if you have visited our website
through a link on our facebook business page or advertising link.

Cookies Used

ON OFF

fr

#### GDPR

These cookies confirm to us how your have accepted the cookies we use within
our website, which cookies have or have not been accepted and their
corresponding consent.

Cookies Used

ON OFF

gdpr[allowed_cookies], gdpr[consent_types]

###

OK

### Pin It on Pinterest

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

Share This

  * __

Facebook

  * __

Twitter

  * __

Pinterest

  * __

LinkedIn

  * __

Print Friendly

  * __

