https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/235158/worlds-best-honey-garlic-pork-chops/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. BBQ & Grilling
  4. Pork
  5. Pork Chops
  6. World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

# World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.4

637 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 398 
  * 4 star values: 156 
  * 3 star values: 54 
  * 2 star values: 18 
  * 1 star values: 11 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 637 Ratings 
  * 469 Reviews 
  * 119 Photos 

A quick and simple grilled pork chop that everyone will love featuring a
simple and easy glaze.

Recipe by John Chandler

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Read the full recipe after the video.

Add Photo

World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops Michelle Seace Traino

World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops Diane Keenan

World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops Gina Pegues

World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops Denver Nixon

\+ 115 115 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

10 mins

cook:

15 mins

total:

25 mins

Servings:

6

Yield:

6 servings

Nutrition Info

close up image of honey garlic pork chops on a platter, next to tongs and a
small bowl with garlic

Advertisement

Skip to Recipe

When you're in need of a quick and easy dinner that the whole family will
love, look no further than pork chops. This 5-star grilled pork chop recipe
has reviewers' mouths watering thanks to the spectacular honey-garlic glaze --
but the 25-minute fridge-to-table time is also a perk too.

##  What Makes These The World's Best Pork Chops?

There might not be an actual award given to pork chops, but if there was, this
5-ingredient dish would surely win it thanks to the sauce alone. Reviewers
rave about the ketchup, honey, soy sauce, and garlic glaze that is brushed
onto the chops on the grill.

In fact, many reviewers suggest marinating the pork chops in the glaze first,
brushing them with more glaze on the grill, _and_ making an extra batch of
sauce to serve on the side for dipping because it's just that good.

##  How to Grill Pork Chops

When the weather is nice, take your pork chops outside and throw them on the
grill. Not only will they cook up quickly, but they'll also get the tasty
grill marks that everyone loves.

Grilling pork chops is incredibly simple, all you have to do is preheat your
grill to medium heat and oil the grate. Then lightly brush the glaze over the
chops and sear them on both sides until they are no longer pink in the middle.

##  How Long to Grill Pork Chops

You'll want to grill your pork chops until they are no longer pink in the
middle and reach an internal temperature of at least 145 degrees F (63 degrees
C). The National Pork Board recommends about eight to 12 minutes for pork
chops that are ¾-inch thick. However, every grill is different so it may take
some grills longer while some may cook faster.

##  What is the Best Cut of Pork to Use For Pork Chops?

In this recipe, you can use either boneless or bone-in pork chops. They
typically take about the same amount of time to cook, so it's really up to
personal preference or what's on sale at the grocery store this week.

You will want to pay attention to the thickness of the pork chop, though.
Thicker pork chops will take longer to cook, but they won't dry out as easily
as thinner pork chops can on the grill. So, thicker pork chops are usually
recommended for grilling.

##  Can You Bake Them Instead?

Yes! If you don't have a grill or the weather isn't looking that great, you
can bake these pork chops instead. Reviewers tend to bake them at 350 degrees
F for about 40-45 minutes, or until the internal temperature reaches 145
degrees F.

##  What to Serve With Pork Chops

Pork chops are so versatile that you can serve them with just about anything.
But, if you need some inspiration, try one of these top-rated side dishes.

Awesome and Easy Creamy Corn Casserole  
Fresh Mushroom Rice Pilaf  
Roasted Green Beans  
Butternut Squash with Onions and Pecans

If you want more recipe ideas, check out our collection of side dishes for
pork chops.

##  How to Store Pork Chops

Store cooked pork chops in an airtight container or wrapped in aluminum foil
in the refrigerator. If stored properly, leftover pork chops will last up to
three to four days.

##  Allrecipes Community Tips and Praise

"How do you turn plain ol pork chops into something SPECIAL on a Sunday
afternoon? You make THIS!! MY OH MY! I didn't have enough honey so I added a
squirt of maple syrup and a few dashes of Chipotle hot sauce and about 5
garlic cloves! This sauce is CRAZY GOOD," raves Patty Cakes.

"I came across this recipe 3 weeks ago and have already made it twice. It is
absolutely delicious. I baked it at 350 for 45 min and turned them over twice
and coated both sides with the glaze each time. I served this with roasted
potatoes and carrots and cheddar broccoli and cauliflower," says Good Karma.

"So good! We have 7 kiddos so finding good meals that they also enjoy is
pretty challenging. This one was a hit with the whole family. Saved for
several future dinners," according to Jordyn Day.

Editorial contributions by **Bailey Fink**

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

6

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 6 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * ½ cup ketchup 
  * 2 ⅔ tablespoons honey 
  * 2 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce 
  * 2 cloves garlic, crushed 
  * 6 (4 ounce) (1-inch thick) pork chops 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Preheat grill for medium heat and lightly oil the grate.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Whisk ketchup, honey, soy sauce, and garlic together in a bowl to make a
glaze.

  * Step 3

Sear the pork chops on both sides on the preheated grill. Lightly brush glaze
onto each side of the chops as they cook; grill until no longer pink in the
center, about 7 to 9 minutes per side. An instant-read thermometer inserted
into the center should read 145 degrees F (63 degrees C).

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

208 calories; protein 25.6g; carbohydrates 13.5g; fat 5.6g; cholesterol 65mg;
sodium 441.1mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (469)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

JohnT

Rating: 5 stars

01/05/2015

I don't normally go ga-ga over a recipe, even if I like it. I have to say,
however, that these were the best pork chops I have ever eaten. I chose to
bake the chops due to weather. My wife even told me to go online and give it
five stars. No argument from me!!

Read More

Helpful (292)

### Most helpful critical review

Robyn

Rating: 3 stars

01/22/2018

I also baked it in the oven, as others did. I was not impressed at all. I had
pork in a watery sauce and the meat had no flavor. I decided to broil the meat
slightly to make it crispy, and I thickened the watery sauce and put it over
the pork as I broiled it. Which was better than after just baking it. I may
try this on the grill, I don't use my grill much in the winter. Otherwise, I
will not be making this recipe again.

Read More

Helpful (21)

637 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 398 
  * 4 star values: 156 
  * 3 star values: 54 
  * 2 star values: 18 
  * 1 star values: 11 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

JohnT

Rating: 5 stars

01/05/2015

I don't normally go ga-ga over a recipe, even if I like it. I have to say,
however, that these were the best pork chops I have ever eaten. I chose to
bake the chops due to weather. My wife even told me to go online and give it
five stars. No argument from me!!

Jill Hodges Betts

Rating: 5 stars

05/14/2015

I baked it in the oven. 350 degrees for 45 minutes. I turned them over every
15min, so twice. When I turned them, I brushed them with the glaze. They were
so yummy, I'm making it again tonight. I used garlic salt instead of crushed.
I'm so happy I found this recipe!

Marianne

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

10/29/2013

Very tasty, John Chandler! I must admit that I used pork chops that were way
too thick! I will promise myself to only use bone-in pork chops from now on! I
did brine my chops for a few hours before BBQing them. The sauce is very mild
and very delicious! Thanks for a very delicious pork chop that will be
repeated in the future. Afterthought: I was thinking about this sauce in the
middle of the night. I think next time I'll crush rather than mince my garlic,
and I'll mix up the sauce several hours ahead of time so the flavors really
have more of a chance to meld.

Patty Cakes

Rating: 5 stars

10/05/2014

How do you turn plain ol pork chops into something SPECIAL on a Sunday
afternoon? You make THIS!! MY OH MY! I didn't have enough honey so I added a
squirt of maple syrup and a few dashes of Chipotle hot sauce and about 5
garlic cloves! Out to the grill I go..... Seasoned the chops with salt n
pepper, grill for 4-5 minutes, slather with sauce, turn over, 2-3 more minutes
and slather again. Watch them like a Hawk, they will burn in a HOT MINUTE!
This sauce CRAZY GOOOD

Raechael

Rating: 5 stars

08/22/2017

We loved this! I'm not great at grilling so I baked it at 350 for 40 minutes.
Also, I only had about 1/4 cup ketchup until I ran out so I mixed it with 1/4
cup Heinz 57. Turned out to be a happy accident! In the future I might add a
pinch of ginger or some brown sugar to change it up a little. Will definitely
be having this again. DELICIOUS!!!!

Tina V

Rating: 5 stars

07/27/2014

I just made this but baked them in the oven at 375.. Turning a few times and
adding more sauce each turn, came out amazing juicy and delicious!

littlejediprincess

Rating: 5 stars

03/19/2015

BEST ever! The only thing I would have changed is that I would hve marinated
them in the sauce prior and made extra for dipping...because it was THAT good!

CristinaL

Rating: 5 stars

09/05/2016

Very good! Added a splash more soy sauce, 3 cloves of garlic instead of 2, and
3.5 tbsp of honey instead of suggested amount. Made these on my George Forman
grill with boneless chops... Kept the top open and seared as suggested before
coating with glaze. Coated multiple times and flipped halfway through. As the
glaze ran off the grill I collected it in a plate so I could use some of the
thickened glaze to pour on the chops at the end before serving. Nice and
moist!

Shannon Lynn Heilman

Rating: 5 stars

06/05/2014

I have tried this recipe both baked and grilled and it is definitely much
better grilled but regardless of how you cook it it still comes out delicious!
Great recipe

Auntylene

Rating: 5 stars

08/30/2018

Very good sauce. I couldn’t grill these so this is what I did. I seared each
side in a pan and then put the chops in a pan. Poured the sauce( which I
doubled) into the hot pan to carmelize a bit. I poured the sauce over the
chops and baked them in the oven uncovered for 45 minutes at 350. The sauce is
what makes this so delicious. UPDATE: I bbq’ed these and they are just as
delicious. Make sure you follow instructions to pull them off when the
internal temp is as directed. That’s what keeps them moist.

Robyn

Rating: 3 stars

01/22/2018

I also baked it in the oven, as others did. I was not impressed at all. I had
pork in a watery sauce and the meat had no flavor. I decided to broil the meat
slightly to make it crispy, and I thickened the watery sauce and put it over
the pork as I broiled it. Which was better than after just baking it. I may
try this on the grill, I don't use my grill much in the winter. Otherwise, I
will not be making this recipe again.

Marc Hoffnagle

Rating: 5 stars

07/19/2018

I found this recipe a few weeks ago and i have made the sauce for this
probably 6 times already. I have put in on pork chops, and chicken. The sauce
is awesome. Only thing i have done different from the recipe, is after
browning the chops or chicken, i pour the sauce over everything in the
skillet, and let everything cook that way. It thickens the sauce very nicely
and glazes to the meat.

danielal

Rating: 4 stars

01/19/2014

Easy to do and tastes great. Ate it with a side salad and garlic bread. Next
time I'll try adding some sirracha to add a kick. We really like garlic so I
used 4 cloves and I minced them instead of crushing as suggested. It's a
keeper for sure.

Jamar Jones

Rating: 5 stars

06/05/2017

I LOVED this recipe. I brined my bone-in pork chops in water, salt, and
mesquite liquid smoke for about 4 hours before searing them on the stove and
slathering them in yummy honey garlic glaze, then finally finishing them off
in the oven. Also, another thing which I think is a MUST is adding some type
of spice to the honey garlic glaze. That sweet and spicy flavor is to die for.
A+ recipe. Definitely try this out for a tasty change up from traditional pan-
seared pork chops. Especially if you enjoy sweet and savory oriental-like
flavors. Serve with roasted red potatoes and some veggies and you got yourself
a fine meal!

Sandie

Rating: 5 stars

11/21/2013

Great flavor! I had to bake the chops because it was too cold to grill but
they turned out very tasty and moist. I would definitely make this again.

Good Karma

Rating: 5 stars

04/24/2019

I came across this recipe 3 weeks ago and have already made it twice. It is
absolutely delicious. I baked it at 350 for 45 min and turned them over twice
(like Jill in the comments suggested) and coated both sides with the glaze
each time. I modified the glaze the second time i made this and added 3 tbs of
honey instead of the suggested amount, added a pinch of garlic powder, onion
powder and ground ginger. I also seasoned the pork with salt and pepper. I
served this with roasted potatoes and carrots and cheddar broccoli and
cauliflower.

deb

Rating: 4 stars

08/30/2017

After reading other reviews stating it was too tomatoey, I decided to change
the honey for molasses. I think it really worked. It was really good. I also
added Wright's liquid smoke, a little balsamic vinegar, and some Tobasco. I
did charcoal grill them, but I think the molasses and liquid smoke would kick
it up a notch if cooked in the oven as well.

ROSEP47

Rating: 5 stars

04/17/2017

I like simplicity in a recipe, and this is great just as it is. Chili sauce
also works instead of ketchup. May try chipotle ketchup another time. Today I
happened to have half a lime that needed to be used, so added a bit of lime
juice, which is not necessary, but was nice. There is more than enough basting
sauce. I think next time I'll hold back about half, cook it in the microwave a
bit and serve it on the side with the chops after glazing them with the rest
of the sauce. This recipe is a keeper!

Christy McKinney

Rating: 5 stars

05/11/2015

Everyone I've made this for has loved it. It's a great way to add some flavor
to pork chops and make a quick family meal.

Noah's Oma

Rating: 5 stars

05/14/2014

I baked the pork chops rather than grill them and they were wonderful. I
refrigerated the leftover sauce and used it later on chicken and it was just
as delicious. I think I might add a bit more garlic next time just to bump the
flavor up a bit. Definitely a keeper!

mcol0314

Rating: 3 stars

04/02/2015

good, not anything to write home about

Anya Kelly

Rating: 5 stars

07/10/2016

Uniquely subtle; yet bold at times, sweet taste that brings something new and
different to the dinner table. I marinated the chops for 1 hour beforehand
using a marinade that included apple cider vinegar, lemon zest, raw honey,
garlic, soy sauce, and some salt and pepper. Delicious!

Alessaundra Mills

Rating: 5 stars

05/14/2019

I made it as outlined. I was pleasantly surprised given the ratio of ketchup
to other ingredients. I was worried it was jut going to taste like ketchup.
But it didn't; it was really tasty. It paired very well with the pork chops--
my spouse loved it! If I were to change anything, I'd add a bit of cayenne to
give it a spicy kick we love. However, easy and great as is!

Coreen

Rating: 5 stars

08/12/2016

My husband doesn't care for a lot of pork and loves this. it's our go to pork
recipe now.

Jarod

Rating: 5 stars

05/27/2017

Simple and delish!!! I followed the recipe exactly - everyone over for dinner
could not stop raving about how moist and grat the pork chops were!

bellepepper

Rating: 4 stars

05/23/2014

This was good, but not great. It was a snap to put together; I’ll give it
that! I would make it again if I were pinched for time and needed to put
something together quickly

mariah

Rating: 5 stars

02/19/2017

Seriously good. That sweet but somewhat salty and savory taste. It's so fast
to make so give it a try!

Caroline Marie Cabrera

Rating: 4 stars

04/14/2017

The only change i made was that i added 1 tsp of sriracha sauce to add a kick.
They were great. Perfect for the grill. Made with potato salad and it was a
perfect meal.

Paul Flecha

Rating: 5 stars

09/29/2018

Been tweaking it everytime I make it. This last time added some red pepper
flake and a dash of Worcestershire sauce. Awesome and easy!!

David Pursell

Rating: 4 stars

09/04/2016

Loved it very tasty will make again and again

wkwebby

Rating: 4 stars

07/09/2015

I don't have a grill so I had to cook it on a stove top. Very simple and yet
still very savory. Something is missing, but a nice recipe when you are short
on time. I will definitely be trying this again on a grill!

Janet Shum

Rating: 4 stars

05/11/2015

These were good and very tasty. I served with potato salad and grilled
pineapple. Thanks for sharing John Chandler!

Debra

Rating: 5 stars

06/16/2016

Very tasty.

Ida Crombine

Rating: 5 stars

08/19/2015

This glaze hit every spot on our tongues! Delicious. I will use this often.

Mimi0126

Rating: 3 stars

04/15/2017

To be fair...I cooked the chops on the stove top and not the grill...I don't
have a grill but I wanted to make pork chops a different way and this sounded
good. I did LIKE this and it was different...but with the soy sauce in the
ingredients I just expected more of an Asian flavor...which is why I went for
this recipe. It was Good but I'm giving it 3 stars because it just tasted like
a honey garlic barbeque sauce... I personally did not taste the soy
sauce...the ketchup was more of what I tasted. Perhaps next time I will try it
on a grill and have a different experience. However, I am keeping this recipe
as its a GOOD, Quick honey BBQ sauce to make from semi-scratch verses buying
BBQ sauce in a jar overflowing with preservatives... Yiick!

Tpodoloff

Rating: 4 stars

07/06/2015

My husband Really loved it he usually likes applesauce with his pork and he
said it was a perfect partnership!

njmom

Rating: 4 stars

03/24/2015

very tasty, we all liked it a lot. served with zucchini and potato bake for a
complete meal! thanks for the post Johnchandler!

Karin Corneau

Rating: 5 stars

05/24/2016

As a novice in the kitchen, this was a very easy recipe for me. It was also
absolutely delicious and we will definitely be adding it to our repitoire. I
baked our chops instead of grilling it, but the sauce was so tasty!!

fishermanswife

Rating: 5 stars

12/14/2016

Yum!

Stefi Jones

Rating: 4 stars

11/10/2016

I'll skip the ketchup next time, & maybe add maple syrup.

Debra Tiihonen

Rating: 5 stars

03/16/2015

This is a keeper! I didn't have pork chops the 1st time, so used chicken. It
was equally as good as the 2nd time around with Pork! Like others I upped the
garlic and sirracha was a nice little kick to this recipe. I've even used
brown sugar when I was out of honey and it works fine. I finally found a way
for my husband to eat pork chops.

JEN

Rating: 1 stars

08/31/2017

This was not my cup of tea. Reminded me of an Asian seasoning...tangy and
sweet. Just wasn't my flavor. After the reviews I was trying to open my mind
and mouth to new flavors... this wasn't it. Sorry.

Chris

Rating: 5 stars

05/12/2019

I’ve made this recipe many times and it’s never let me down. Also note that
this sauce can be used on pork ribs too. Boil the ribs for 10-15 min until
white. Then Marinate the pork ribs for 1 hour or so in ziplock bags and then
BBQ. Keep basting the ribs with the extra sauce in the bags. I posted a
picture. HUGE hit with the family. Excellent sauce!

cook4fun

Rating: 4 stars

08/30/2017

Normally pork chops are a flop in my house but these were a hit. Thanks for
the recipe.

Emmie

Rating: 4 stars

06/19/2017

Doubled the ingredients on a 1 pack of country style spare ribs. My family
like it, but needs a little bit more soy or salt. Next time I will marinade it
overnight before cooking. I bake it uncovered at 500 F for 20 min; then
decreased the temp. to 350 for the next 1 hr and 40 min covered with foil. The
result very soft, meat is fork tender and fell off the bone!

Tony

Rating: 3 stars

04/18/2017

Perhaps it wasn't to my liking because I baked it and didn't grill it. This
notwithstanding, it was a little to tomatoey for mi tastes.

sailors_wife79

Rating: 3 stars

06/02/2017

I was really excited to try this recipe. After reading the reviews, I made the
sauce a day ahead so the flavors could meld overnight. It was just ok. I
probably won't make it again.

Kevo

Rating: 5 stars

05/21/2019

I cooked them in a cast iron pan because we can't grill in our building. They
came out perfect. Nice, quick and easy recipe with a ton of flavor

Beverly Rogers

Rating: 5 stars

03/28/2019

wonderful! I doubled it and like, quadrupled the garlic(personal preference,
there's never enough!), but these had everyone in the house drooling as soon
as I brought them in! perfect weeknight dinner!!

Samantha Franceschi

Rating: 1 stars

09/20/2017

My family said the chops were bland and dry.

William Sparks

Rating: 5 stars

04/05/2019

These were fantastic to say the least & I even used the glaze recipe on some
boneless skinless chicken thighs in the oven & those were awesome also .

Lolita

Rating: 5 stars

05/20/2019

This recipe was a hit! I made a few weeks ago and making it again tonight. It
is a staple in our meal rotation. Simple, easy and delish! Most importantly,
less than five ingredients. Enjoy!

lashundia wolley

Rating: 5 stars

04/13/2020

I Made these chops but adjusted the recipe to my needs and they were a hit !!
I used center but boneless pork chops , pan dear both sides pop Em in the oven
and glazed twice ... so yummy

just in time

Rating: 5 stars

04/10/2019

I don’t usually submit reviews... but, these were Absolutely the Best pork
chops I’ve ever had! I made them in the oven, due to the weather, but can’t
wait to try them on the grill. Also, want to try on chicken. Good job! Thanks
for sharing this recipe!

Michelle Wagner

Rating: 5 stars

05/27/2019

This was delicious! I served it with Speatzle with caramelized onions and
grilled asparagus.

Storm

Rating: 4 stars

06/03/2019

The prep time and cook time were accurate. Taste was flavorful. Next time I
think I'll add some chile flakes and balance that sweetness with a little
heat.

Patman

Rating: 5 stars

08/13/2017

Oh my, this was fantastic. Do yourself a favor and grill them. Brine first,
all day as another reviewer suggested.

dennis

Rating: 5 stars

04/30/2020

Baked in oven absolutely wonderful.

Nicole Coromilas

Rating: 5 stars

11/12/2019

We loved this glaze!

A Picture Paints 1000 Words

Rating: 3 stars

07/04/2017

It was just ok. Didn't seem to add much flavor at all.

Kanika Seth

Rating: 5 stars

09/09/2020

Excellent!!! A new family favorite.

Troy Jepsen

Rating: 5 stars

04/17/2017

Great recipe, I have made this a couple times the boys love it.

Dayna Arrendell

Rating: 5 stars

02/07/2019

Definitely will make again! I seasoned the pork chops before glazing. So
good!!

Jordyn Day

Rating: 5 stars

04/22/2020

So good! We have 7 kiddos so finding good meals that they also enjoy is pretty
challenging. This one was a hit wit the whole family. Saved for several future
dinners!! ? Amazing with Parmesan crusted lemon butter red potatoes!

John C. Putschli

Rating: 2 stars

04/11/2017

Made as described..nothing special! ...Not a worlds best!!

larissa reyes

Rating: 3 stars

10/07/2017

I personally did not like this recipe, but my husband did.

Karen Anstey

Rating: 5 stars

05/30/2019

So easy, so tasty! The pork turned out "cut with fork" tender. The potatoes
had so much flavor. Will make again.

Kathy

Rating: 5 stars

06/12/2020

This was awesome. I added a pinch of dried hot peppers for some zip. Yummy

Audrey

Rating: 4 stars

04/29/2019

My seven year old son LOVED this recipe, and my husband and I really enjoyed
it. I had brined the pork chops ahead of time - as some people had suggested -
and it made the pork chops extra juicy.

Ron

Rating: 5 stars

04/10/2020

Recipe was great I use garlic powder and add onion powder to it

Katherine Katie Anne Tieben

Rating: 5 stars

10/30/2018

I cooked this on the stovetop in a skillet but it was still delicious!

Marsha HaehnleJmhaehnle

Rating: 5 stars

06/30/2020

This is my go to marinade. Very easy and always tasty. Sometimes I cut the
recipe in half as many times I cook three pork chops. Would be good on chicken
too. I don’t do any substitutions.

Retiredcook

Rating: 5 stars

12/07/2019

Really good!

Aley Laird

Rating: 5 stars

10/22/2019

These were delicious! I don’t have a grill so I baked them, I just kept
flipping them and putting the sauce on.

wvpope

Rating: 4 stars

04/17/2018

I didn't modify the recipe (not the first time) and it turned out delicious.
I'll definitely make it again.

Les

Rating: 5 stars

05/21/2019

Recipe sound so great that I used it on a small pork tenderloin. Excellent as
I thought it might be. Will also try o pork chops. Very happy!!!

Marquetta Tiz

Rating: 5 stars

05/03/2018

I made the dish as described and it was quick, easy, and delicious. I added
some sliced potatoes and red, orange, and yellow peppers and onions to the
grill. A complete meal done at the same time. Everyone enjoyed it and
definitely have added this to my "favorite" recipe in my recipe box.

Markell Cassard Joslin

Rating: 5 stars

02/13/2019

Super easy and a big hit at home ! Sauce would be great on any meat !

Carol

Rating: 2 stars

02/18/2019

We didn’t love this. Sorry, but wasn’t anything special and just mediocre.
Three for actual flavor. Gave it a two because I felt like a decent bottled
sauce could give same or better results.

Kristine

Rating: 4 stars

05/31/2017

Very tasty, I think I would prefer to bake them as the sauce did not stay on
the chops as well as I hoped on the grill. But I really liked the taste of the
sauce tho.

Carmela Zeiser

Rating: 5 stars

06/24/2019

I actually used this for a pork tenderloin. I marinated it after poking holes
in the tenderloin. Marinated for about 2 hours. Cooked for 20 min. at 425
degrees Thanks for the recipe... My family loved it!

Fred

Rating: 5 stars

06/17/2019

No changes they were delish!

Christi Williams

Rating: 4 stars

02/07/2019

It didn't glaze as well as I would have liked, but I may have needed to kick
up the heat on my grill. My family liked it though! Pretty tasty and easy! I
will definitely make it again.

Heather Crowe Abernathy

Rating: 5 stars

07/25/2017

Super easy and yummy!

v6nittany

Rating: 3 stars

09/15/2019

We liked that this was quick and easy. We are going to try putting the glaze
on after the first side sears. We didn't get good carmelization of the glaze.
It was a decent flavor for the effort.

Jennifer Epperson

Rating: 5 stars

09/09/2018

Family came back for 2nds!

tiggerslily

Rating: 5 stars

09/07/2018

Definitely will make again

Michelle Meyers Eppley

Rating: 5 stars

01/20/2019

Very easy and good. I made them in the oven but they would have been even more
amazing on the grill. I made it the way the recipe stated bit marinated it 24
hours. Wonderful!!!

tcasa

Allstar

Rating: 4 stars

05/10/2019

Very good recipe for grilled pork. I found the sauce a little bland, overall a
quick easy recipe.

Dave Kenner

Rating: 5 stars

08/24/2017

Excellent just as suggested. Loved it.

Marie Belcher

Rating: 2 stars

05/26/2019

The glaze just ran off so it didn't really flavor the chops like I expected. I
followed the recipe so idk what happened.

MissRissy

Rating: 4 stars

05/18/2017

This was very good. I only had about a tablespoon of honey. so I added brown
sugar to make up the difference. Great flavor. Thanks for sharing.

Eva Weaver

Rating: 4 stars

01/29/2019

Being from metro Saint Louis, I like my sauces sweet. I doubled the recipe and
added about 1/4 cup brown sugar and simmered the sauce for a few minutes
before coating my chops (which I baked rather than grill due to our crazy
winter windy freezing weather). I served with homemade mashed potatoes and
corn. Yummy!

Michelle Montgomery

Rating: 5 stars

09/30/2018

Simple and delicious!y

Jennifer

Rating: 4 stars

10/01/2017

Not bad. Followed recipe as-is and it was good

Annemarie Ford Seger

Rating: 5 stars

07/11/2018

Super quick, fast & easy! I added a tad more crushed garlic and it was
amazing. My only change would be using a slightly thicker chop; but other than
that absolutely no problems with this one! A++++

amandaroo

Rating: 2 stars

09/23/2018

Made this because of the many glowing reviews and I needed a quick and easy
prep for my chops. Recipe was just ok. I felt the ketchup taste was just to
much for my liking, and overall it was too sweet. I don’t think I will make
this one again, sorry.

Dise

Rating: 3 stars

06/05/2018

I read this recipe too fast and didn't realize it was for grilled pork chops.
I dont know how to grill, so still I went ahead and made it as I originally
planned... by searing then baking and it came out pretty decently

edlane

Rating: 5 stars

07/04/2019

Great recipe and SO easy! I doubled the recipe and had a little too much sauce
leftover. But it was worth it to have plenty to drizzle on after the cook. I
laid on a lot more sauce and cooked for the last few minutes to really
caramelize and thicken the sauce to make it sticky.

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

##  All Reviews for World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

Servings Per Recipe: 6  
Calories: 208.4  

% Daily Value *

protein:  25.6g  51 %

carbohydrates:  13.5g  4 %

dietary fiber:  0.1g  1 %

sugars:  12.3g

fat:  5.6g  9 %

saturated fat:  1.9g  9 %

cholesterol:  65mg  22 %

vitamin a iu:  186.7IU  4 %

niacin equivalents:  12.6mg  97 %

vitamin b6:  0.7mg  44 %

vitamin c:  3.4mg  6 %

folate:  3.1mcg  1 %

calcium:  11.4mg  1 %

iron:  0.8mg  5 %

magnesium:  30.4mg  11 %

potassium:  426.3mg  12 %

sodium:  441.1mg  18 %

thiamin:  0.8mg  83 %

calories from fat:  50.1

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 469

World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

1 of 119 World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

Michelle Seace Traino

World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

2 of 119 World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

Diane Keenan

World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

3 of 119 World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

Gina Pegues

World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

4 of 119 World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

Denver Nixon

World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

5 of 119 World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

bhowlett78

World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

6 of 119 World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

Kw

World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

7 of 119 World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

Susieq

World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

8 of 119 World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

Phyllis Adams

World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

9 of 119 World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

Jason

World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

10 of 119 World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

Joshua Pettit

World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

11 of 119 World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

Missy

World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

12 of 119 World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

Amanda Rosselli

World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

13 of 119 World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

Stephon Guyton

World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

14 of 119 World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

Nichole P

World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

15 of 119 World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

Kathy Coligan

World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

16 of 119 World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

Dyva Riofrio

World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

17 of 119 World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

kim

World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

18 of 119 World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

MrsPee??

World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

19 of 119 World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

Cheryl

World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

20 of 119 World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

Brock Hajek (Summer Song)

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

World's Best Honey Garlic Pork Chops

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

