https://www.sugarsaltmagic.com/honey-pepper-pork-wraps/


Skip to Main Content

Mobile Menu Trigger

__

Mobile Search Trigger

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Appetisers & Snacks
    * Bread
    * Breakfast & Brunch
    * Desserts
      * Bars & Slices
      * Cakes & Cupcakes
      * Cheesecake
      * Cookies
      * Crumbles & Cobblers
      * Frosting, Sauces & Spreads
      * Frozen Treats
      * Fudge & Candy
      * Muffins
      * No Bake
      * Pies & Tarts
      * Puddings
    * Food Gifts
    * Main Course
      * Burgers, Tacos & Pizza
      * Chicken
      * Lunch
      * Meat
      * One Pan / One Pot
      * Pasta & Rice
      * Quick & Easy Dinners
      * Sauces & Seasonings
      * Seafood
      * Slow Cooker & Crock Pot
      * Vegetarian
    * Sides
    * Tips and How To's
    * Browse Recipes
    * Recipe Index
  * Shop
  * About
    * About Me
    * Contact Me
    * Video
    * FAQs
    * Terms and Privacy
  * My Recipe Box

__ __ __ __

##### Get new recipes via email:

__

__

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Appetisers & Snacks
    * Bread
    * Breakfast & Brunch
    * Desserts
      * Bars & Slices
      * Cakes & Cupcakes
      * Cheesecake
      * Cookies
      * Crumbles & Cobblers
      * Frosting, Sauces & Spreads
      * Frozen Treats
      * Fudge & Candy
      * Muffins
      * No Bake
      * Pies & Tarts
      * Puddings
    * Food Gifts
    * Main Course
      * Burgers, Tacos & Pizza
      * Chicken
      * Lunch
      * Meat
      * One Pan / One Pot
      * Pasta & Rice
      * Quick & Easy Dinners
      * Sauces & Seasonings
      * Seafood
      * Slow Cooker & Crock Pot
      * Vegetarian
    * Sides
    * Tips and How To's
    * Browse Recipes
    * Recipe Index
  * Shop
  * About
    * About Me
    * Contact Me
    * Video
    * FAQs
    * Terms and Privacy
  * My Recipe Box
  * __ __ __ __
  * Search

**Don’t miss a recipe!** Subscribe to new posts via email »

Home » Recipes » Main Course » Meat

# Honey Pepper Pork Stir Fry

4.75 from 24 ratings

_Spice up your weeknight dinner rotation with this **30 minute Honey Pepper
Pork Stir Fry**. With a simple marinade and plenty of black pepper, this
tender stir fry pork and vegetables is an easy dinner the whole family will
love. It's wonderful stuffed into pork wraps too._

_by_ Marie Roffey -- _Published_ May 10, 2021

This post may contain affiliate links for products we love. We earn a small
commission on these links, at no cost to you. You can read our disclosure
policy here!

  *   *   *   *   * 

**Jump to:** Recipe Review

This **honey pepper pork stir fry** features often in our house. Tender, juicy
pork with a little sweetness from honey and spice from pepper, in an easy one
pan dinner. What could be better?!

If you love meals with an Asian flair, try this **Pork Gyoza Recipe (Japanese
Pork Dumplings)** or this **Quick and Healthy San Choy Bow**.

If you’ve been around the blog long, you know I love Asian flavours with
everything from the Japanese **Karaage Chicken** to **Korean Spicy Chicken
Tacos**  and **Thai Panang Curry** , we eat this kind of food often.

While stir fries can be daunting because they move so quickly, it’s that speed
that makes them a great weeknight dinner option. They’re also wonderful for
using up vegetables before the weeks out.

The sauce in this pork stir fry has loads of flavour and good kick of pepper –
it’s in the name after all. With honey, soy, ginger, garlic and pepper, you
know this is rich and flavoursome but still healthy.

## Ingredients

All you need for this stir fry pork and vegetables is 9 simple ingredients.
The veggies are totally customisable too, so use up what you have on hand.

  * **Pork tenderloin:** This the best cut for stir fries as it cooks quickly and remains tender. You can use other cuts too, but make sure to choose something lean.
  *  **Vegetables:** For me, I love capsicum (bell pepper) and broccoli but this works great with carrot, asparagus, cauliflower, green beans, baby corn and even shredded cabbage. So many veggies work. 
  *  **Aromats:** Garlic and ginger provide lovely aroma and flavour in this dish. Both go wonderfully with honey and stir fries and add intense flavour without needing too much. Fresh is best though.
  *  **Honey:** Adding a little natural sweetness and unmistakable flavour, the honey will also help to add crispy caramelised edges on the pork.
  *  **Soy sauce:** Synonymous with Asian cuisines, soy sauce has an intense umami flavour – rich, super savoury and it’s all the salt you need in this dish.
  *  **Pepper:** Don’t be shy. I use up to 3 teaspoons when I cook this – 2 in the recipe and often more sprinkled over right at the end. But you can absolutely customise to your own taste. Start by adding 1 teaspoon and taste before adding more, if you’re worried.
  *  **Cornflour (cornstarch):** This is used for two reasons – it locks the juices in the meat and it helps to thicken the sauce at the end.

To serve, grab some spring onions (green onions / scallions) and rice or even
tortillas to turn them into summer pork wraps.

## The pork stir fry marinade

The marinade is made up of just 5 ingredients - cornflour, honey, soy, garlic
and ginger and it's so simple to create. Just mix it all in a bowl and
marinate the meat for 15 minutes or up to an hour for supremely tasty and
succulent pork.

## How to make honey pepper pork stir fry

  1. First you’ll cut your pork into thin strips, then mix it well with the cornflour. Now add the remaining marinade ingredients **_(photo 1)_** _._ Mix well and chill for 15 minutes or up to 1 hour.
  2. Cook the pork in two batches in a good frying pan **_(photo 2)_** or wok. Make sure to keep moving the meat regularly.
  3. Once the moisture has evaporated and parts of the pork are beginning to caramelise **_(photo 3)_** _,_ set aside and do the second batch.  
  4. Cook the veggies for just a few minutes until they begin to soften.
  5. Add the pork back to the pan along with the remaining marinade **_(photo 4)_** and cook until hot and the sauce has thickened.

## Why coat the pork in cornflour / cornstarch?

Based on the Chinese method called “velveting” the pork is coated in cornflour
/ cornstarch first. The cornflour coating not only locks in the moisture,
keeping the meat juicy when cooked, it also helps to thicken the sauce at the
end.

Honey pepper pork stir fry served in a tortilla (pork wraps).

We often serve this stir fried pork as pork wraps just like above. Add to a
tortilla, honey pepper pork wraps are a light and easy dinner.

## Tips and tricks

  * **Prepare ingredients first:** Get everything ready before you start cooking as it happens fairly quickly.
  *  **Cut thicker vegetables, like broccoli,** quite small so they cook quickly **.**
  *  **Let the marinade drain off** a little before adding the meat to the pan. This will leave you plenty of sauce at the end to coat the stir fry.
  *  **If the sauce is too thick** add a little water to thin it.
  *  **If serving with rice,** make sure to start the rice cooking before the stir fry.

## Handy tools to have

  * I like to use a non-stick wok for simplicity in my kitchen. If you want that magical wok hei, use a traditional wok and make sure to keep it super hot.
  * A wok spatula if you want to stir fry like a pro but if you’re using a non stick pan, like I do, stick to a wooden spatula or even plastic. Not silicone as it tends to leave behind a silicone flavour in very hot cooking.

**PIN IT:Click to PIN this recipe for later!**

_If you try this honey pepper pork stir fry, make sure to **leave a rating and
comment below**._

**MoreAsian recipes you’ll love**

  * **Chinese Prawn Fried Rice**
  *  **Crispy Asian Chilli Beef Mince**
  *  **Lime Chilli Coconut Chicken**
  *  **Korean Spicy Chicken Tacos**
  *  **Korean Fried Chicken Wings**
  *  **Air Fryer Teriyaki Chicken Drumsticks**

## Never Miss a Recipe!

Get the latest recipes and my **All About Chocolate** ebook!

Sign Me Up »

## Honey Pepper Pork Stir Fry

Yield: 4 serves

Prep Time: 15 minutes

Cook Time: 15 minutes

Marinating time: 15 minutes

Total Time: 30 minutes

4.8 from 24 ratings

Spice up your weeknight dinner rotation with this 30 minute Honey Pepper Pork
Stir Fry. Serve this easy stir fry pork and vegetables with rice or in
tortillas (it makes the most delicious pork wraps).

Print Rate Pin

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 500 g pork tenderloin (or lean pork), cut into thin strips _(1.1lb)_
  * ▢ 3 teaspoons cornflour (cornstarch)
  * ▢ ¼ cup light soy sauce _(60ml)_
  * ▢ ¼ cup honey _(60ml)_
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon fresh grated ginger **(note 1)**
  * ▢ 1 large clove garlic, minced
  * ▢ 2 teaspoons freshly ground black pepper (or to taste)
  * ▢ 1 large head of broccoli, cut into small florets
  * ▢ 1 medium red capsicum, thinly sliced
  * ▢ 3 teaspoons olive oil
  * ▢ ¼ cup water
  * ▢ Rice and sliced spring onions, to serve

### Instructions



  * In a medium bowl, mix the pork strips and cornflour well. Add the soy sauce, honey, ginger and garlic and mix. Allow to marinate for 15 minutes or up to 1 hour.

  * Heat 1 teaspoon of the oil in a wok or large non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Add half the pork (allowing some of the marinade to drip off before adding it to the wok) Cook, stirring regularly, until the juice has almost all evaporated and it starts to caramelise (4-5 minutes).

  * Transfer to a clean plate. Repeat with the remaining half of pork.

  * Wipe the pan out with paper towel (to remove any burnt bits) then add the final teaspoon of oil over medium heat.

  * Add the capsicum and broccoli. Cook, stirring often, until tender (4-5 minutes)

  * Add the pork back to the pan and stir to combine.

  * Mix together the ¼ cup of water and remaining marinade, then pour it into the pan. Mix everything well and cook for a further minute or so. If you'd like a thinner sauce, just add a little more water.

  * Stir in the pepper to taste.

  * Please **take a minute to rate this recipe**. I truly appreciate it and it helps me create more recipes.

### Notes

  1. I use a standard Australian 20ml tablespoon (= 4 teaspoons worldwide).
  2. Get everything ready before you start cooking as it happens fairly quickly.
  3. **Cut thicker vegetables, like broccoli,** quite small so they cook quickly.
  4. **If serving with rice,** make sure to start the rice cooking before the stir fry.
  5. **If serving with tortillas,** you can try these **Homemade Wholemeal Tortillas**.

**MORE ASIAN INSPIRED RECIPES!**

Calories: 317kcal

Author: Marie Roffey

Course: Dinner, Lunch

Cuisine: Asian, Chinese, Healthy

Have you tried this recipe?Don't for get to leave a rating and comment below
and let me know how it was! I love hearing from you.

  *   *   *   *   * 

This post may contain affiliate links that earn me a small commission for my
referral, at no extra cost to you. Thank you for supporting Sugar Salt Magic.

Lunar New Year / Asian Inspired, Meat

21 _comments_ Leave a Comment »

_« Previous Post_Chocolate Doughnut Cupcakes

_Next Post »_ _Garibaldi Biscuits Recipe

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Name *

Email *

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

###  21 Comments on "Honey Pepper Pork Stir Fry"

  1. **Constance Chia** -- August 2, 2022 @ 6:54 pm  Reply

I tried out this recipe. I must say.. you have the seasoning and balance of
sweet, salty and peppery spot on. It's absolutely delicious. I will be making
it again soon.. double the portion this time. I added shitake mushrooms but
took out the broccoli and kept the bell peppers. It works really well.

    * **Marie Roffey** -- August 3, 2022 @ 1:03 pm  Reply

So happy you love it, Constance. I love your little tweaks too!

  2. **Beverly** -- June 3, 2022 @ 6:53 am  Reply

This was delicious. I followed the directions but I did add shredded carrots
and mushrooms. Instead of rice I mixed in udon noodles.

    * **Marie Roffey** -- June 3, 2022 @ 9:43 am  Reply

Love your tweaks, Beverly. Sounds delicious.

  3. **Erika** -- May 14, 2022 @ 8:47 am  Reply

Adding this to my menu! easy instructions and so delicious! I make this with
beef instead

    * **Marie Roffey** -- May 14, 2022 @ 12:57 pm  Reply

So happy you love it, Erika and yes, this would be fantastic with beef.

  4. **Megan** -- April 20, 2022 @ 6:07 am  Reply

My family really enjoyed this recipe!!!

  5. **Megs** -- April 20, 2022 @ 6:06 am  Reply

Reply enjoyed this recipe! It was super quick & easy to follow. I’d definitely
encouraging for marinating to an hour I think it really helped with the
flavors. My family really enjoyed it!!!

    * **Marie Roffey** -- April 20, 2022 @ 9:26 am  Reply

So happy you love this, Megs. I truly appreciate you trying my recipe.

  6. **Debbie Harries** -- January 14, 2022 @ 5:08 am  Reply

This recipe went down a treat. Very delicious and a big hit with the family,
will definitely cook this again.

    * **Marie Roffey** -- January 14, 2022 @ 8:32 am  Reply

So happy to hear this Debbie. Thanks for making my recipe.

    * **Diana** -- March 2, 2022 @ 6:54 am  Reply

2nd time cooking the honey pepper pork!!!  
Excellent. This time I stuck to the recipe. The first time I added baby corn,
sliced chestnuts and hot pepper flakes - Both times a big hit with the
husband. Thank you for developing this dish.

      * **Marie Roffey** -- March 2, 2022 @ 9:29 am  Reply

So happy to hear this Diana. Thanks for trying my recipe 🙂

  7. **Laura** -- September 21, 2021 @ 5:43 pm  Reply

The best family loved it and so easy. Thanks for the recipe

    * **Marie Roffey** -- September 22, 2021 @ 7:51 am  Reply

This makes my day Laura. So truly appreciative of you using my recipe 🙂

  8. **Kait** -- February 7, 2021 @ 2:20 am  Reply

I made this tonight and it is beyond amazing! So easy, quick and versatile.
It's definitely going to be had a lot around here. I did use about 3 times the
garlic and ginger though, just because we are suckers for the stuff.

    * **Marie Roffey** -- February 8, 2021 @ 11:15 am  Reply

This is a big favourite in our house. So happy you love it too 🙂

  9. **Trang** -- April 19, 2019 @ 9:42 pm  Reply

This sure looks like a delicious new dinner recipe to try out. It sounds so
healthy too with all the added greens!

    * **Marie** -- April 23, 2019 @ 8:12 am  Reply

It's a great combo of tasty and healthy. One of our weeknight favourites

  10. **Karly** -- January 7, 2017 @ 6:28 am  Reply

These look SO stinking good. I mean come on, the simplicity to deliciousness
ratio is second to none here! The perfect new weeknight dinner option!

    * **Marie** -- January 8, 2017 @ 8:15 pm  Reply

Yep, that's how I feel about them too, Karly 🙂

### Welcome!

**Hi, I’m Marie!** Hey there and welcome to Sugar Salt Magic. I'm a self-
taught home baker and cook passionate about making delicious food from scratch
to share with family and friends. I want to give home cooks the confidence to
get in the kitchen and create delicious recipes. Marie xx.

More About Me »

__ __ __ __

### Desserts

#### Passionfruit Panna Cotta

#### Puff Pastry Blueberry Turnovers

#### Baked Ricotta Cheesecake

#### Passionfruit Sponge Cake

More Desserts __

### get new recipes via email:

Sign Me Up »

### Latest Posts

#### Pesto Garlic Bread

#### Pesto Butter

#### Passionfruit Panna Cotta

#### Puff Pastry Blueberry Turnovers

#### Rigatoni Al Forno

#### Baked Ricotta Cheesecake

### Looking for Something?

__

**Check out ourweb stories here**

### get new recipes via email:

Sign up for my newsletter and get new recipes delivered to your inbox, plus
freebies including my **All About Chocolate** ebook!

Sign Me Up »

**(C) 2022 Sugar Salt Magic.** All Rights Reserved.  
_Design byPurr._

### Info

  * Home
  * About Me
  * Shop
  * Privacy

### Recipes

  * Browse Recipes
  * Recipe Index
  * Recipe Videos
  * My Recipe Box

### Follow

  * Instagram
  * Facebook
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

7543 shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

