https://www.cult.fit/live/recipe/tom-yum-chicken-soup/RECIPE690


##### FITNESS

##### CARE

##### MIND

##### STORE

GET APP

  1. Home >
  2. Live >
  3. Recipe >
  4. Tom Yum Chicken Soup

# Tom Yum Chicken Soup

Time30 Min

DifficultyEasy

Serves3

Tom Yum Chicken soup is the chicken variation of the traditional Tom Yum soup.
Tom Yum is simple and full of Thai flavours. The name Tom Yum in Thai means
“boiling” and “spicy and sour”, so the soup literally means boiling, spicy and
sour, which is the perfect description of this flavourful soup. The tom yum
chicken soup recipe perfectly balances all the distinct Thai flavours- spicy,
sweet, tang ... y, salty and sour. These flavours have made this soup popular
in India too as it is perfectly suited to the Indian palate. Lean, full of
proteins, fibres and other nutrients, it is ideal for a comforting and healthy
meal suitable for all age groups. Being low on fat and gluten makes it the
perfect soup for everyone. Kids love this soup for its rich and creamy taste.
Tom Yum Chicken soup is filling and light, so perfect for everyday home meals
in lunch or dinner. It can be served as an appetiser for any get-together or
party. Add noodles to the soup and it acts as an entrée. The soup can be
served with sticky-rice to make it a complete meal. This dish can be made in
other variations with chicken being replaced by other meat or shrimp or
prawns. Vegetarians can make this soup with paneer and add more vegetables.
For a vegan version use tofu cubes instead of chicken. To make a lighter
variation, skip the coconut milk and make it a clear soup.

READ MORE

Nutrition Info. (per serving)

ProteinFatCarbsFibre275 Cal275 Cal275 Cal275 Cal

  * 14gProtein

  * 20gFat

  * 10gCarbs

  * 3gFibre

## Ingredients

### Dry Grocery

Jaggery

2 teaspoons

Light Soy Sauce

1 teaspoon

Salt

0.5 teaspoons

### Poultry

Chicken Breasts

150 g

### Fruits & Vegetables

Ginger

1 teaspoon

Tomato

1 unit

Lemon

1 unit

Bok Choy

0.5 cups

### Other

Coconut Milk

1 cup

Pepper

1 teaspoon

Water

4 cups

Garlic

4 pieces

Button Mushrooms

10 pieces

Red Chillies

1 unit

Coriander Leaves

6 g

Green Chilli Paste

30 g

Directions

1

Cut the mushroom and ginger into slices, chop garlic, lemongrass, roughly cut
bok choy and set aside. Cut the chicken and tomato into dices.

2

In a pan, add water, ginger slices, garlic chop, and bring it to boil until
the broth is very fragrant. Then add chili paste and cook well.

3

Add mushroom and reduce the flame to medium and simmer for 5-8 minutes.

4

Add diced tomato and bok choy, gently simmer for 1-2 minutes. Add chilli,
coriander, soya sauce and jaggery. Add chicken and cook for 5-10 min.

5

Reduce the flame to low heat and add coconut milk, jaggery and soya sauce. Mix
well and simmer till the flavours blend.

6

Check seasoning. Turn off the flame and finish it with lemon juice

Tips to make Tom Yum Chicken Soup:

Tom Yum Chicken soup is simple and quick to make. Few tips to master the tom
yum chicken soup recipe: • When serving the soup with noodles, make the
noodles separately. The noodles have starch and when cooked together, the
starch makes the soup thick. • Soy sauce can be replaced with oyster sauce. •
Replace the chilli paste with Thai chilli sauce for an authentic Thai taste. •
This soup can be made in large quantity and stored in the refrigerator for 2
days. Just avoid adding the chicken to frozen soup. Add them when reheating. •
For added flavour, add lime leaves or lime zest along with 1 bay leaf. • For a
spicier taste, add 1 tbsp of sriracha sauce. • Instead of plain water, chicken
broth or vegetable broth can also be used for added nutrition. Make this Tom
Yum Chicken soup and enjoy Thai flavours in the comfort of your home.

READ MORE

## Success!

#### We hope you had fun making it! Enjoy the meal.

Top Searches

Online Fitness Classes

Weight Loss Exercise | Six Pack Abs | Cardio Exercise at Home | HIIT Workout
at Home | Belly Fat Exercises | Exercise For Kids at Home | Morning Exercises
at Home | Shoulder Workout at Home | Strength Training Exercises | Mobility
Exercises | Dance Exercises | Thigh Exercises at Home | Abs Workout at Home |
Back Exercises at Home | Chest Workout at Home | Butt Exercises at Home |
Split Exercise | Lean Body Workout | Short Workout | Exercise for Beginners |
Dumbbell Exercises | Stamina Increase Exercise

Mindfulness

Yoga Asanas | Yoga For Weight Loss | Kids Yoga | Surya Namaskar | OnlineYoga
Classes | Yoga For Beginners | Yoga Nidra | Music Meditation | Pranayam |
Bedtime Stories | Bedtime Stories For Kids | Mindfulness Meditation |
Meditation in Hindi | Sleep Meditation

Diagnostic Tests

Thyroid Test | Pregnancy Test | Full Body Checkup | Kidney Function Test |
Lipid Profile Test | Online Counselling

Healthy Recipes

Sambar Recipe | Masala For Dosa | Kadai Paneer Recipe | Neer Dosa | Manchow
Soup | Chicken Soup | Chilli Baby Corn | Homemade Protein Powder | Thukpa |
Paneer Masala | Chicken Keema | Badam Milk | Aloo Tikki Chaat | Moong Dal
Kachori | Homemade Protein Powder

Cult Gyms In India

Gyms In Delhi | Gyms In Mumbai | Gyms In Bangalore | Gyms In Pune | Gyms In
Chennai | Gyms In Hyderabad | Gyms In Jaipur | Gyms In Kolkata | Gyms In
Ahmedabad | Gyms In Chandigarh | Gyms In Indore | Gyms In Coimbatore | Gyms In
Surat | Gyms In Ludhiana | Gyms In Vizag | Gyms In Amritsar | Gyms In Mysore |
Gyms In Mangalore | Gyms In Kochi | Gyms In Jammu | Gym In Kharghar | Gym In
Bandra | Gym In Velachery | Gym In Chembur | Gym In Indiranagar | Gym In HSR
Layout | Swimming Pools Near Me | Outdoor Gyms | Football Training near me |
Zumba Classes Near Me | Boxing Classes Near Me | Gyms with Personal Trainer

Yoga Classes In India

Yoga Classes in Mumbai | Yoga Classes in Hyderabad | Yoga Classes in Delhi |
Yoga Classes in Chennai | Yoga Classes in Jaipur

At cult.fit, we make group workouts fun, daily food healthy & tasty, mental
fitness easy with yoga & meditation, Medical & lifestyle care hassle-
free.#BeBetterEveryDay

cult.fit for business

cult.fit franchise

corporate partnerships

cult pass network

t&c for business

partner.fit

blogs

security

careers

contact us

privacy policy

cult bmi calculator

terms & conditions

Related Searches

Chicken Manchow Soup

Miso Soup

Tom Yum Chicken Soup

Tom Yum Soup

Veg Manchow Soup

Borscht

Bone Broth

Creamy Cauliflower Soup

Spinach Soup

Pumpkin Soup

Beetroot Soup

Mexican Bean Soup

Korean Noodle Soup

Barley Vegetable Soup

Cambodian Veg Bento

Malaysian Veg Curry

Vietnamese Yellow Chicken Curry

Jamaican Bean Curry

Jamaican Chicken And Bean Curry

Thai Green Chicken Curry

Thai Green Veg Curry

Tofu Peanut Curry & Wok-Tossed Millet Bowl

Sri Lankan Tofu Curry Meal

Chicken Soup & Corn Bread

Turkish Lentil Soup & Corn Bread

Moringa Dal

Chicken Soup

Kadala Curry

Sambar

Punjabi Daal Tadka

Egg Curry

Andhra Veg Curry

Mangodi Daal Tadka

Mangolorean Chicken Curry

Turkish Lentil Soup

Bengali Chicken Curry

Mixed Vegetable Curry

Pressure Cooker Chicken Curry

Ghar Ki Daal

Tadka E Lobia

Panchmel Dal

Lauki Chana Dal

Sabut Masoor Dal

Mix Dal Tadka

Moong Toor Dal

Paneer Masala

Methi Dal Tadka

Amritsari Dal

Parsi Chicken Curry

Recipe

Dhokla

Shahi Paneer

Paneer Tikka Masala

Chicken Nuggets

Chilli Paneer

Baingan Bharta

Gobi Manchurian

Kadai Paneer

Malai Kofta

Khandvi

Gyms Near Me

Mindfulness

Exercise

Diagnostic Test

Online Yoga Classes

Surya Namaskar

Home Workouts

