https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/148750/vegetable-tom-yum-soup/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Soups, Stews and Chili Recipes
  4. Soup Recipes
  5. Vegetable Soup Recipes
  6. Vegetable Tom Yum Soup

# Vegetable Tom Yum Soup

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.3

28 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 18 
  * 4 star values: 6 
  * 3 star values: 1 
  * 2 star values: 2 
  * 1 star values: 1 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 28 Ratings 
  * 21 Reviews 
  * 7 Photos 

This is a vegetable version of the classic Thai Tom Yum soup. You can find
lemongrass, lime leaves, and galangal (a close relative of ginger) at any
Asian supermarket. If you can't find the lime leaves, you can add extra lime
juice to taste, but do try to find the lime leaves because they make a big
difference. It tastes just like my local Thai restaurant!

Recipe by trooworld

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Vegetable Tom Yum Soup

Add Photo

Vegetable Tom Yum Soup Joe Lawrence

Vegetable Tom Yum Soup MILEHIGHDIVINE

Vegetable Tom Yum Soup Buckwheat Queen

Vegetable Tom Yum Soup lama

\+ 3 3 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

40 mins

cook:

35 mins

total:

1 hr 15 mins

Servings:

6

Yield:

6 servings

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

6

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 6 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 10 ½ cups chicken stock 
  * 12 thin slices galangal 
  * 6 makrut lime leaves 
  * 3 stalks lemon grass, smashed and cut into 1 inch pieces 
  * 3 tablespoons hot chile paste 
  * 6 tablespoons fish sauce 
  * 9 tablespoons fresh lime juice 
  * 6 shallots, thinly sliced 
  * 3 plum (Roma) tomatoes, chopped 
  * 1 cup sliced button mushrooms 
  * 1 ½ cups thinly sliced bok choy 
  * 1 cup thinly sliced carrot 
  * 6 sprigs fresh cilantro, for garnish 
  * 6 green onions, thinly sliced 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Bring chicken stock, galangal, lime leaves, lemon grass, and hot chile paste
to a boil in a large pot. Stir in fish sauce, lime juice, shallots, tomato,
mushrooms, bok choy, and carrot. Reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer until
the vegetables are tender, about 25 minutes. Garnish with cilantro and green
onion before serving.

Advertisement

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

119 calories; protein 4.8g; carbohydrates 25.1g; fat 2.4g; cholesterol 1.3mg;
sodium 2397.6mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (21)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Carls

Rating: 5 stars

01/10/2011

I followed this recipe exactly and it turned out really great. I was reluctant
because I usually go with chicken when ordering this at restaurants, but in
the end I felt that the carrots and bok choy made for an excellent
alternative.

Read More

Helpful (24)

### Most helpful critical review

Winnabel

Rating: 3 stars

03/16/2013

I basically liked this recipe. Normally I cheat and use Tom Yum paste from my
Asian supermarket, so it was a nice surprise to approximate the taste myself.
I found it slightly too salty and sour, though. Next time will cut back on the
lime juice and fish sauce. And I wanted some protein, so I added in deveined,
shelled, raw prawn. After we had eaten, I went back and tinkered with the
broth some more to see if I could improve it. I added sugar, and voila, all
better! The sweet element was the missing flavor that I was looking for. I
have to admit I also missed the bit of fat from coconut milk here, but I guess
that's a whole different soup, isn't it? Tom Ka Gai, anyone? : )

Read More

Helpful (7)

28 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 18 
  * 4 star values: 6 
  * 3 star values: 1 
  * 2 star values: 2 
  * 1 star values: 1 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Carls

Rating: 5 stars

01/10/2011

I followed this recipe exactly and it turned out really great. I was reluctant
because I usually go with chicken when ordering this at restaurants, but in
the end I felt that the carrots and bok choy made for an excellent
alternative.

lisag2224

Rating: 4 stars

02/19/2010

Yum! Added a bit of chopped tofu for some extra substance

Chris Rogers

Rating: 5 stars

05/07/2009

I made this last night for a dinner party along with some curry and it was so
good! I used ginger instead of galangal because that was all I could find. I
went to Thailand about 6 years ago, and besides not having the traditional
meat in it, this was very close to what I had there. Great recipe!

wmihalo

Rating: 5 stars

02/05/2011

This is an excellent recipe. I turned down the heat substantially because my
wife can't eat spicy food. I substituted 3 teaspoons of dried ginger for the
galangal slices. I doubled the recipe so the yield was 12 servings. I skipped
the lime leaves and lemon grass. I substituted a 4 ounce can of (mild) diced
chiles for the hot chile paste. Finally, I cut the fish sauce down to 3
tablespoons. This was a delicious soup for a cold winter dinner.

Winnabel

Rating: 3 stars

03/16/2013

I basically liked this recipe. Normally I cheat and use Tom Yum paste from my
Asian supermarket, so it was a nice surprise to approximate the taste myself.
I found it slightly too salty and sour, though. Next time will cut back on the
lime juice and fish sauce. And I wanted some protein, so I added in deveined,
shelled, raw prawn. After we had eaten, I went back and tinkered with the
broth some more to see if I could improve it. I added sugar, and voila, all
better! The sweet element was the missing flavor that I was looking for. I
have to admit I also missed the bit of fat from coconut milk here, but I guess
that's a whole different soup, isn't it? Tom Ka Gai, anyone? : )

Cooking 101

Rating: 5 stars

10/12/2007

I really liked this. Loved the flavors and do agree to use the lime leaves.
Thanks for the post.

aprilro

Rating: 5 stars

08/02/2010

Very tasty - however, it was too hot for me. Normally, I order medium spice
when I order this out... So, I would suggest small additions of the hot chili
so that you can get it just right for you. I ended up adding milk (didn't have
any coconut milk on hand) and it is still hot but still wonderfully yummy...

snazzle

Rating: 5 stars

01/02/2013

I will actually add more spice next time, but it was delicious!!

cjr1979

Rating: 5 stars

01/26/2013

This was absolutely delicious. I only changed the recipe slightly - I used
chicken broth rather than stock and used ginger instead galangal. I also added
one extra tablespoon of chili paste. Oh, I added shrimp and chicken as well,
but it would have been great without either of those. I will be making this
soup often!

SassyStrider

Rating: 5 stars

01/13/2014

Believe me when I say, I absolutely love Tom Yum soup. I've eaten it in
California, Nevada, Missouri, Colorado, Texas, and Oklahoma. Every state I
visit, I find a Thai restaurant with top ratings and try their Tom Yum. This
soup is amazing! I tried the recipe step by step (besides tomatoes, I hate
tomatoes). It's the only recipe I use now! Sooo good!

rocks_67

Rating: 5 stars

01/12/2016

GREAT recipe! I added tofu to up the protein. My kids even ate it!

camohn

Rating: 4 stars

03/23/2013

I liked it but needed to tweak it a tad to get it to my taste....was a bit too
much chili and lime for me....lime was a tad too sour and I know it is Thai
and usually spicy....but I did like mine toned down a tad...ended up likeing
it to my taste using 2 TB chili paste and 6 TB lime...so 2/3 the amount called
for.

Lynn Lo

Rating: 5 stars

08/20/2015

Great recipe. Love the taste. however i found it too salty. maybe switch to
low sodium chicken broth. or thin with more water.

just_jam

Rating: 5 stars

10/25/2012

this was awesome with some modifications/deviations.. i halved this recipe
since this was just for me and my bf.. i used chicken boullion for the chicken
stock.. used 1.5 t of ground ginger instead of galangal, used the zest of one
small lemon since i didn't have the lime leaves, added one more T of hot chile
paste, added 2 dried red chiles (we love spicy), substituted light soy sauce
for fish sauce, didn't have lime and used the juice of 1.5 small lemons, diced
half of a small onion in place of the shallots, diced up some beefsteak tomato
since that's what i had, used regular shredded cabbage instead of bok choy,
sliced up the rest of my baby carrots i had in the fridge, used at least twice
the amount of cilantro and threw it in while the soup was simmering.. didn't
bother adding the green onions.. basically made this work on the cheap.. ty
for the inspiration

darzar

Rating: 5 stars

07/15/2014

Loved this recipe, followed it exactly until the end. I added bean curd
noodles to the soup. I was unsure about eating the lemon grass and galangal as
they were both still very chewy after cooking for the listed time. Please add
a few more details regarding those 2 items. Thanks for the recipe I will be
making this one again for sure!

Dandycpatt

Rating: 5 stars

09/21/2013

It was super yummy! I only used one tbsp of chili paste, any more would have
been too much. It was perfect.

EKD

Rating: 1 stars

04/03/2016

The amount of fish sauce with the high amount of sodium did not work for me.
Very disappointed.

Tswahl

Rating: 4 stars

03/20/2018

very citrus flavor, I won't cut up the lemongrass to 1" pieces next time. very
fibrous to eat.

ronaldm

Rating: 2 stars

08/14/2016

I could not get this recipe to produce the Tom Yum flavor I was looking for.
Probably my fault.

Jennifer Hammond

Rating: 5 stars

06/25/2014

Loved the flavors. I added broccoli to it, since the local Thai place always
has them in their soup. I failed at locating Kaffir Leaves, but now I am on a
mission to find them for next time. Substituted Fish Sauce for Vegan Fish
Sauce to make it Vegan Friendly. Very yummy and tasty!!

Renagle

Rating: 5 stars

05/01/2017

I made a vegan version of this (vegetable stock instead of chicken stock) for
some friends (one of which was vegan) and it turned out amazing! It truly
turned out just like the version I have had in Thai restaurants. I have been
asked to make it again since because it is so good! Just be careful to
actually measure the chili paste because I eye-balled it instead and had to
suffer the spicy consequences!

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Vegetable Tom Yum Soup

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Vegetable Tom Yum Soup

##  All Reviews for Vegetable Tom Yum Soup

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Vegetable Tom Yum Soup

Servings Per Recipe: 6  
Calories: 118.9  

% Daily Value *

protein:  4.8g  10 %

carbohydrates:  25.1g  8 %

dietary fiber:  2.4g  10 %

sugars:  7.5g

fat:  2.4g  4 %

saturated fat:  0.9g  5 %

cholesterol:  1.3mg

vitamin a iu:  5364.5IU  107 %

niacin equivalents:  2mg  16 %

vitamin b6:  0.4mg  23 %

vitamin c:  28.3mg  47 %

folate:  67.3mcg  17 %

calcium:  87.3mg  9 %

iron:  2.3mg  13 %

magnesium:  57.9mg  21 %

potassium:  604.4mg  17 %

sodium:  2397.6mg  96 %

thiamin:  0.1mg  11 %

calories from fat:  21.9

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Vegetable Tom Yum Soup

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 21

Vegetable Tom Yum Soup

1 of 7 Vegetable Tom Yum Soup

Joe Lawrence

Vegetable Tom Yum Soup

2 of 7 Vegetable Tom Yum Soup

MILEHIGHDIVINE

Vegetable Tom Yum Soup

3 of 7 Vegetable Tom Yum Soup

Buckwheat Queen

Vegetable Tom Yum Soup

4 of 7 Vegetable Tom Yum Soup

lama

Vegetable Tom Yum Soup

5 of 7 Vegetable Tom Yum Soup

rocks_67

Vegetable Tom Yum Soup

6 of 7 Vegetable Tom Yum Soup

darzar

Vegetable Tom Yum Soup

7 of 7 Vegetable Tom Yum Soup

Luxx

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Vegetable Tom Yum Soup to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Vegetable Tom Yum Soup

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

