https://www.aspicyperspective.com/tom-yum-soup-hot-and-sour-soup/


Skip to Main Content

__Submit

____

  * Home
  * About
    * About Sommer
    * Contact
    * Work With Us
    * New Email Series: Top 5 Chef Secrets
  * Recipe Index
    * Beverages
    * Breakfast
    * Dessert
      * Cakes & Pies
      * Cookies & Bars
      * Custards & Puddings
      * Frozen Treats
      * Miscellaneous Sweets
    * Healthy Recipes
      * Gluten Free
      * Low Carb & Keto
      * Mediterranean Diet
      * Paleo & Whole 30
      * Plant-Based
      * Vegetarian
      * Whole Foods
    * Holiday
      * New Year
      * Valentines Day
      * St. Patricks Day
      * Easter
      * Cinco De Mayo
      * July 4th
      * Halloween
      * Thanksgiving
      * Christmas
    * Main Dish
      * Dinner Party
      * World Flavors
      * Home Cookin'
      * One Pan Recipes
      * Pasta
      * Sandwiches
      * Slow Cooker
      * Soup & Salad
    * Side Dishes
      * Bread
      * Side Dishes
      * Condiments
      * Soup
      * Salad
    * Starters
      * Finger Foods
      * Dips & Spreads
    * Themed Recipe Collections
    * Retro Recipes
  * Travel
  * How To
    * Cooking 101
    * Tutorials
    * 5 Minute Fix
  * Odds & Ends
    * Asheville
    * Home Projects
    * Health & Fitness
    * Gardening
  * eCookbooks
  * Business and Media

__________

  * Home
  * About
    * About
    * Contact
  * Recipe Index
  * Travel
  * Odds & Ends
    * Gardening
    * Home Projects
    * I ♥ Asheville
    * Health & Fitness
    * Recipe Collections
    * Retro Recipes
  * How To
    * How To
    * Cooking 101
    * 5 Minute Fix
  * eCookbooks
  * Work With Us
  * Free Email Series

__Submit

__________

  * Browse Recipes
  * By Ingredient
    * Chicken
    * Pasta
    * Chocolate
    * Beef
    * More »
  * Beverages
  * Breakfast
  * Dessert
    * Cakes & Pies
    * Cookies & Bars
    * Crafty Creations
    * Custards & Puddings
    * Frozen Treats
  * Healthy
    * Gluten Free
    * Low Carb & Keto
    * Mediterranean Diet
    * Paleo & Whole 30
    * Plant-Based
    * Vegetarian & Vegan
    * Whole Foods
  * Holiday
    * New Year
    * Valentines Day
    * St. Patricks Day
    * Easter
    * Cinco De Mayo
    * July 4th
    * Halloween
    * Thanksgiving
    * Christmas
  * Main Dish
    * Dinner Party
    * Global Flavors
    * Home Cookin'
    * Pasta
    * One Pan Recipes
    * Sandwiches
    * Slow Cooker
    * Soup & Salad
  * Side Dishes
    * Bread
    * Condiments
    * Salad
    * Side Dishes
    * Soup
  * Starters
    * Dips & Spreads
    * Finger Foods

Home » Main Dish » **Tom Yum Soup (Hot and Sour Soup)**

# Tom Yum Soup (Hot and Sour Soup)

Jump to Recipe

4.95

stars __

__Main Dish

_This truly authentic **Tom Yum Soup Recipe** is straight from our travels to
Southeast Asia this summer. Often called **Thai Hot and Sour Soup** , it's
bold and perky with a pop of spicy heat. Plus, it's **gluten free** and
**paleo**._

## Thai Tom Yum Goong Soup

This summer our family spent a month in Southeast Asia. It was an amazing
adventure filled with colorful cultural experiences, breathtaking views, and
dazzling dishes.

We ate well. _Really well._

Of all the meals we enjoyed in Thailand, the one that surprised us the most
was a light and lean soup, called **Tom Yum**.

Tom Yum is a simple, but flavorful, soup made with fresh lemongrass, kaffir
lime leaves, fish sauce, chiles, and protein… Usually shrimp.

And in Thailand, it's everywhere. EVERYWHERE.

It's the most popular soup, _arguably the most popular recipe_ , in the
country.

You cannot walk into a restaurant without spotting Tom Yum on the menu.
Therefore, we ate a lot of it. _And_ we had the opportunity to make Tom Yum
ourselves a few times, with expert instruction.

## What Does Tom Yum Mean?

The name Tom Yum is derived from two Thai words…

Tom refers to _boiling_.

Yum refers to the _spicy and sour_ flavor combination.

There are many variations of Tom Yum Soup in Thailand. Yet this classic
recipe, and most popular version, is sometimes called **Tom Yum Goong** or
**Tom Yum Kung**.

Both of the words Goong and Kung refer to shrimp or prawns.

So in essence, the name means "Boiling Hot and Sour Shrimp" soup.

## Authentic Tom Yum Soup

Tom Yum is actually very easy to make in the western hemisphere, exactly the
way they make it in Thailand.

The **Hot and Sour Soup** flavor comes from the addition of chiles, or
sometimes Thai chile paste, and a hearty splash of lime juice added at the
end.

Most likely, you will need to stop at a local Asian market to find some of the
ingredients. But trust me, this Thai soup is worth the trip.

(Plus, Asian market exploration is a lot of fun!)

  * Smash the Aromatics
  * Sizzle the Shrimp Heads

## Tom Yum Soup Recipe Ingredients

  * **Whole Shrimp** - We're talking heads and all. You need shrimp with heads to make the "shrimp oil" for the soup. If you don't have shrimp heads to make the oil, you don't have _real_ Tom Yum.
  *  **Oil** - For the shrimp oil. This is drizzled into the soup at the end to offer intense seafood flavor. You can use any flavorless oil you like!
  *  **Water** - You are making your own broth with the herbs and shrimp, so there's no need for store-bought broth.
  *  **Lemongrass** - Fresh stalks of lemongrass offer a bold refreshing taste. Use the softer interior stalks so they can be eaten once cooked. If the stalks are tough you will have to remove them before serving.
  *  **Kaffir Lime Leaves** - This Asian herb creates a distinct flavor that cannot be replaced by anything else. Find it at your local Asian market.
  *  **Onion** - Shallots or sweet onion are traditional.
  *  **Thai Chiles** - These small red chiles often called "bird chiles" are hot and flavorful. If you can't find fresh Thai Bird Chiles, you can use Thai chiles paste instead.
  *  **Galangal** - A root herb I had never heard of until our recent trip to Asia. This herb can be found in Asian markets, fresh or frozen. It looks like ginger, but has a completely different flavor. Galangal is not mandatory for the flavor of the Tom Yum recipe, but it is always used in Thailand. It is added to seafood recipes specifically to neutralize the strong fishy aroma. 
  * **Fish Sauce** - The mother sauce of Thai cuisine! 
  * **Mushrooms** - You can use any type of mushrooms you like. Straw mushrooms and enoki mushrooms are traditional, but button mushrooms are fine as well.
  *  **Lime Juice** - Freshly squeezed. This is highly important! Do not buy the bottled variety.

  * Simmer the Broth
  * Add the Shrimp Oil

## How To Make Tom Yum Kung Soup

  1. **Pop the Heads**. As mentioned, whole shrimp with heads is a very important ingredient, because you need to make "shrimp oil" to achieve the right flavor. The oil is made from sauteeing shrimp heads in oil, to release the shrimp flavor into the oil. Pull the heads off the shrimp and place them in a wok or large skillet. 
  2. **Sizzle.** Add the oil to the skillet. Add a good pinch of salt. Sauté the shrimp heads in the oil, cooking until they are red and crispy, and the oil is red as well.
  3.  **Smash.** Trim the lemongrass stalks and galangal. Use a meat mallet or the side of a knife to smash the lemongrass, kaffir lime leaves, onion, chilies, and galangal. This helps release their flavors into the broth. 
  4. **Simmer.** Place the aromatics in a medium soup pot and add water. Simmer for 5-10 minutes, until the broth smells fresh and fragrant.
  5.  **Shrimp It Up.** Stir in the mushrooms, shrimp, and fish sauce. Simmer just long enough for the shrimp to cook.
  6.  **Shrimp Oil.** Stir in the shrimp oil and lime juice. Then throw the heads away.

> # See The Full (Printable) Tom Yum Soup Recipe Below!

## Tom Yum Goong With Coconut?

Tom Yum is usually served as-is or with a side of sticky rice.

However, sometimes it is made with coconut milk. If you want to try a creamier
version, add a splash of coconut milk to the soup at the end.

Either way, it's **lean** , **low fat** , **gluten free** , **dairy free** and
packed with traditional Thai flavor!

## More Thai Recipes You Will Love

  * Spicy Thai Chicken Soup
  * Keto Thai Larb Rolls
  * The BEST Panang Curry
  * Easy Chicken Pad Thai
  * Thai Chicken Satay with Peanut Sauce
  * Nam Sod Lettuce Wraps
  * Red Lentil Curry
  * See all our International Recipes!

Print Recipe

4.95 from 17 votes

Leave a Review »

## Tom Yum Soup (Hot and Sour Soup)

Prep Time: 20 minutes

Cook Time: 12 minutes

This authentic Thai Hot and Sour Soup recipe, also called Tom Yum Goong and
sometimes Tom Yum Kung, is exactly how we learned to make it in Thailand!
Fresh, bold and healthy!

  
  
  
  
  
  

Servings: 4

### Ingredients

US Customary - Metric

  * 1 ½ pounds medium-sized whole raw shrimp (with heads intact)
  * 1/3 cup flavorless oil
  * 6 cups water
  * 5 stalks fresh lemongrass
  * 15 Kaffir lime leaves, fresh or frozen
  * ½ onion, peeled and cut into wedges
  * 4-6 Thai chiles (or Thai chile paste to taste)
  * 1 inch piece galangal root, optional
  * 2 tablespoons fish sauce
  * 1 cup straw or button mushrooms, sliced
  * 1 lime, juiced
  * Possible Garnishes: cilantro leaves and lime wedges

### Instructions

  * Pull the heads off the shrimp and place them in a wok or large skillet. Peel and clean the shrimp and set aside. *You can add the shrimp shells to the skillet as well, but the heads are the important part.

  * Add the oil to the skillet and set over medium heat. Add a good pinch of salt. Sauté the shrimp heads to release their flavor into the oil, cooking until they are red and crispy. Then turn off the heat.

  * Meanwhile, trim the tips and root ends of the lemongrass stalks and remove the tough outer layers. Cut the lemongrass into 1 ½ inch segments. Cut the galangal into 3 or 4 pieces.

  * Using a meat mallet or the side of a knife, smash the lemongrass, kaffir lime leaves, onion, chilies, and galangal. Place them in a medium soup pot. Pour the water into the pot then bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 5-10 minutes, until the broth smells bright and fragrant.

  * Remove and discard any tough sections of lemongrass. (Keep them all in if the stalks are soft.) Increase the heat to high. Stir in the mushrooms. Boil for 1 minute. Then stir in the shrimp and fish sauce, cooking until the shrimp are just cooked through, about 45 seconds.

  * Turn off the heat and stir in the lime juice. Then stir in 3-4 tablespoons of the shrimp oil. (Discard the heads; do not add them to the soup.)

  * Serve with fresh lime wedges and cilantro. Tom Yum is often served over rice, however it’s low carb served as-is!

### Video

### Notes

Tom Yum is sometimes made with coconut milk. You can add a splash of coconut
milk to the soup if you like, at the end.

### Nutrition

Serving: 1.5cups, Calories: 222kcal, Carbohydrates: 11g, Protein: 26g, Fat:
9g, Saturated Fat: 6g, Cholesterol: 286mg, Sodium: 1437mg, Potassium: 450mg,
Fiber: 2g, Sugar: 4g, Vitamin A: 428IU, Vitamin C: 76mg, Calcium: 201mg, Iron:
4mg

Course: Main Course, Soup

Cuisine: Thai

Author: Sommer Collier

_Making this recipe?_ Follow us on Instagram and tag @ASpicyPerspective so we
can share what you’re cooking!

Share This Recipe With Friends!

  * Share
  * Pin
  * Twitter
  * Email

Gluten Free Healthy Recipes Low Carb & Keto Main Dish Paleo & Whole 30 Soup
Soup & Salad Whole Foods World Flavors

__September 9, 2019

### 5 SECRETS EVERY CHEF SHOULD KNOW

 **NEW! FREE EMAIL SERIES**  
My fav tips to make you a better cook...right now!

_« Previous Post_Hawaiian Chicken Skillet Recipe

_Next Post »_ _Vietnamese Fresh Spring Roll Bowls

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Did you make this recipe? Rate it! Did you make this recipe? Rate it!  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Your email will not be published or shared.  
_By commenting I offer my full consent to theprivacy policy of A Spicy
Perspective._

Δ

###  35 comments on "Tom Yum Soup (Hot and Sour Soup)"

  1. Pingback: 23 Best Easy Thai Recipes (Delicious Thai Food) - IzzyCooking

  2. Pingback: Top 12 súp tam tơ là gì mới nhất năm 2022 - tophoidap

  3. Pingback: ≫ 20 sopas de todo el mundo para saciar tus ganas de viajar > Mejor Precio Online 2022

  4. **Diana Muhl** -- March 22, 2022 @ 1:48 am  Reply

I love your soup bowls. Do you mind my asking where you got them?

    * **Sommer Collier** -- March 30, 2022 @ 1:24 pm  Reply

Hi Diana,

I found those bowls at a local Asian market. The stores around here, not only
have Asian grocery items, but they also have cookware, dishes, and home goods.
:)

  5. Pingback: These 35+ Easy Asian Recipes Are Truly What You Need 2022

  6. **Janine** -- November 20, 2021 @ 6:51 pm  Reply

I highly recommend that you make this recipe with a soupworthy Asian mushroom,
like straw, enoki, beech, etc. The common Western table mushroom, Agaricus
bisporus (a.k.a. button mushroom, baby bella, etc.), does not do justice to
tom yum soup. The texture is all wrong, and it looks cheap and ugly. Shiitake
imparts a good flavor but also has an incompatible texture. I like to put a
few whole peeled straw mushrooms and a few seafood mushrooms or clumps of
enoki in my tom yum for a nice contrast of textures and a pretty presentation.

  7. Pingback: A Visual Guide to Peppers - Health Benefits

  8. Pingback: A Visual Guide to Peppers - igambler.net

  9. Pingback: 9 Thai Soup Recipes to Fill that Craving on a Rainy Day - The Kohr Life

  10. Pingback: dilysblog

  11. **Sykala** -- January 3, 2021 @ 2:52 pm  Reply

Very tasty, easy to make and close to what I tasted myself in Thailand. Thank
you. Made it for 4 people and they all thought it was delicious.

    * **Ken** -- August 13, 2021 @ 11:15 pm  Reply

If you stayed in Thailand bit longer you would probably found that the
restaurant actually use evaporated. Ilk ot coconut milk.

  12. **Vincent Wareham** -- December 21, 2020 @ 3:41 pm  Reply

Very very bland and watery. I added a lot more salt and doubled the fish
sauce. Also added a half tin of coconut milk. Got to admit it was absolutely
amazing.

  13. **Andrea** -- December 9, 2020 @ 7:11 pm  Reply

A decade ago I lived in Bangkok for three years and I became addicted to Tom
Yam Kung (actually to Thai food as a whole) especially when it is prepared
properly, spicy hot and tasty. Usually the recipe also includes a couple of
cherry tomatoes, which are missing here. Unfortunately restaurants catering
foreigners in Thailand very often add sugar to this recipe, to please
illiterate westerners tourists, spoiling this heavenly delicacy.

  14. **Nancy** -- December 1, 2020 @ 9:39 am  Reply

So very yummy! Living near the coast it was easy to find the heads on shrimp.
However after sauteing the heads there was very little oil in the bottom of
the pan as the heads absorbed all the oil. It was as though a final step about
how to extract the oil from the shrimp heads was missing. I added more oil and
sauteed a little longer and then squeezed the oil out with a sieve.  
Also I added some baby bok choy when I added the mushrooms and it was
delicious!  
Will definitely make this again!

  15. **Robbie** -- October 26, 2020 @ 8:49 pm  Reply

I made this tonight just as it’s written. Superb! Thank you.

  16. **Thuy Nguyen** -- October 13, 2020 @ 3:47 pm  Reply

Made this yesterday with all the ingredients. Added a bit more water (About a
cup) and fish sauce to create more broth. Unfortunately couldnt find shrimp
with heada so i used all the shells and tails for a good couple of minutes,
oil turned slightly redder. This was AMAZING! Better than Ive had at
restaurants. THANK YOU FOR SHARING!!!!

  17. Pingback: Experiencing different cultures through food - VIP News

  18. **Mark** -- July 30, 2020 @ 2:20 pm  Reply

Second time making this (in as many weeks) and it really does taste like it
should! Your knowledge will now be a staple for me!  
Added chicken along with the prawn and have not been let down!  
Many thanks for your great work!!

  19. **C.J.** -- July 22, 2020 @ 1:21 am  Reply

Thank you

  20. **Kim** -- May 31, 2020 @ 11:46 am  Reply

Delicious

  21. Pingback: 10 Thai Recipes to Make When You Can’t Go to Thailand - Non Stop Travel

  22. Pingback: 10 Thai Recipes to Make When You Can’t Go to Thailand - Crossing The Skies Travel Blog

  23. **Alan** -- March 26, 2020 @ 6:25 pm  Reply

We were recently in Thailand (Oct/Nov 2019) and I had a spicy sour fish soup
that had shrimp, fish and squid along with lemongrass and mushrooms and Thai
pepper and assorted other ingredients. Your recipe looks exactly like the base
for what I had. It was absolutely amazing and I so want that again. Going to
give this a try and add some other seafood ingredients and hope it comes out
as good as it was in Thailand. Thanks for sharing…

  24. **chelsie** -- March 17, 2020 @ 3:59 pm  Reply

other recipes I've seen makes a soup stock instead of the oil with the fish
heads and shells. Is this recipe more oily because it uses shrimp oil instead
of stock?

    * **Sommer Collier** -- March 22, 2020 @ 4:12 pm  Reply

Hi Chelsie,

I do not feel it's oily. Yet, either way, this is exactly how it is made in
Thailand. So if want authenticity, go with the oil.:)

  25. **Agnieszka** -- January 27, 2020 @ 9:59 am  Reply

This recipe is a good guideline on the ingredients but I had to tweak the
amounts to make it taste a bit richer!! It came out Super tasty and it was
easy to make!  
Thank you for posting

    * **Kim** -- December 28, 2020 @ 2:36 pm  Reply

What tweaks did you make

  26. **Suzy** -- September 11, 2019 @ 4:31 pm  Reply

I haven't tried this yet but give me anything spicy or with shrimp and I am
all in! It looks so good!

  27. **Sam** -- September 11, 2019 @ 12:26 pm  Reply

Such a great recipe. Perfect for a weeknight dinner.

  28. **Lindsay Cotter** -- September 10, 2019 @ 3:00 pm  Reply

This was so delicious! Definitely will be making again!

  29. **Toni** -- September 10, 2019 @ 8:26 am  Reply

I loved it! So tasty and delicious!

  30. **Tanya Schroeder** -- September 9, 2019 @ 4:58 pm  Reply

I'm so excited to make this at home, it is such a fresh tasting soup!

  31. **Lauren Kelly** -- September 9, 2019 @ 2:56 pm  Reply

This is my favorite soup EVER! Homemade is so much better than takeout so I am
so excited to make this!

### Hello & welcome  
to A Spicy Perspective!

I'm Sommer Collier... Travel Enthusiast, and the Resident Cookery Queen of A
Spicy Perspective. I'm here to help you make mealtime memorable, and life a
little spicy!

More About Me »

__________

### 5 SECRETS EVERY CHEF SHOULD KNOW

 **NEW! FREE EMAIL SERIES**  
My fav tips to make you a better cook...right now!

### Featured Posts

### 5 SECRETS EVERY CHEF SHOULD KNOW

 **NEW! FREE EMAIL SERIES**  
My fav tips to make you a better cook...right now!

  * ^ Back to Top
  * Home
  * About
  * Contact
  * Disclosure & Privacy

**(C) 2010 -- 2022 A Spicy Perspective.** _All Rights Reserved._

All images, recipes, and original text content are copyright protected. Do not
copy or publish A Spicy Perspective content without prior consent.

_Design byPurr._

  *   * 

  *   *   * 

