https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/tom-yum-soup/508a0f0f-7088-4651-9c9b-bbe998124d77


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Tom yum soup

  * _20m_ prep
  * _30m_ cook
  * _4_ servings 

6

Save Recipe

386 people saved this

1 person made this

Marion Grasby shares her fail-safe recipe for Tom Yum Soup with us.

Marion Grasby

197 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain sulphites, crustacean and fish.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 12 Ingredients 
  * 5 Method Steps 

#### 12 Ingredients

  * 500g medium green prawns

  * 1-2 medium red chillies,(see note) plus extra, thinly sliced, to serve 

  * 2 tbsp vegetable oil 

  * 3cm piece galangal,(see note) thinly sliced 

  * 1 stalk lemongrass, bruised, cut into 5cm lengths 

  * 6 kaffir lime leaves 

  * 60ml (1/4 cup) fish sauce, plus extra, to taste 

  * 125ml (1/2 cup) lime juice, plus extra, to taste 

  * 2 tsp caster sugar 

  * 100g button mushrooms, quartered 

  * 100g cherry tomatoes, halved 

  * 2 tbsp roughly chopped coriander, plus extra sprigs, to serve 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 5 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Peel and devein prawns, reserving shells and heads (see note). Refrigerate
prawns until needed. Roughly chop chillies, then, using a pestle and mortar,
grind to a coarse paste.

  * Step 2

Heat oil in a large saucepan over high heat, add chilli paste and reserved
prawn shells and heads, then cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until shells
change colour. Add 1.5 litres water, bring to the boil, then reduce heat to
low–medium and simmer for 10 minutes. Using a ladle, skim foam from surface of
stock, making sure to leave some of the red prawn oil. Remove from heat and
strain through a fine sieve into a clean saucepan. Discard solids.

  * Step 3

Place pan with prawn stock over medium–high heat, then add galangal,
lemongrass, kaffir lime leaves, fish sauce, lime juice and sugar, and simmer
for 15 minutes.

  * Step 4

Add mushrooms, tomatoes and prawns, and simmer for a further 3 minutes or
until prawns are just cooked. Season with extra fish sauce and lime juice to
taste, then stir in chopped coriander.

  * Step 5

Ladle soup among bowls, then top with extra chilli and coriander sprigs to
serve.

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

1 person made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

386 people saved this

### Recipe Notes

Medium-sized red chillies from greengrocers are generally hotter than long red
chillies. Use more or less depending on how spicy you want the soup.

Galangal is an aromatic and delicately flavoured rhizome, similar to ginger.
From selected supermarkets, greengrocers and Asian food shops.

To peel prawns, first remove the head. Peel the shells with the legs and, if
removing the tail, squeeze it and pull it gently from the body. To remove the
digestive tract, using a sharp knife, score down the back to expose the dark
‘vein’ and pull it out (this is frequently described in recipes as
‘deveining’). To remove the digestive tract without cutting along the back of
the prawn, carefully pull out the vein through the opening at the head.

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by Brett Stevens

##  Popular on Taste

  1. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  2. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  3. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

  4. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

  5. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  6. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

  7. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

  8. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

