https://www.chilipeppermadness.com/recipes/tom-yum-soup/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  *     * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * Twitter
    * YouTube

  * About
  * Cookbooks
  * Shop
  * Search

  * Recipe Index
  * RECIPES BY TYPE
    * BBQ/Grilled
    * Burgers
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chili
    * Curry
    * Dehydrator
    * Game Day
    * Hot Sauces
    * Jalapeno Poppers
    * Marinades
    * Pickling
    * Preserving
    * Quick and Easy
    * Salsas
    * Sauces
    * Seasonings
    * Stuffed Peppers
    * Tacos
  * COOKING TIPS
  * Pepper Info
    * Chili Pepper Types
    * The Scoville Scale
    * Hottest Peppers in the World
    * Growing Chili Peppers
    * Preserving
    * Health Benefits
    * Frequently Asked Questions
    * Buy Plants & Seeds

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * Recipe Index
  * All Recipes
  * Pepper Info
  * Chili Pepper Types
  * The Scoville Scale
  * Growing Chili Peppers
  * Preserving
  * Chili Pepper Health Benefits
  * Frequently Asked Questions
  * Cooking Tips
  * Cookbooks
  * Shop
  * About Us

×

Home » Tom Yum Soup

# Tom Yum Soup

by Mike Hultquist · Mar 1, 2021 · 8 Comments

Jump to Recipe

  *   *   *   *   * 

_Tom Yum Soup is a popular hot and sour soup from Thailand that is loaded with
herbs and spices and lots of shrimp simmered in a flavorful broth. Make it at
home with this recipe. So easy to make!_

We're cooking up a classic Thai dish in the Chili Pepper Madness kitchen
today, my friends. If you're a spicy food lover who enjoys soup, this is one
you'll want to have in your recipe collection.

It is called **Tom Yum Soup** , and it is the perfect blend of flavors to
please the spicy food lover's palate.

Authentic Tom Yum Soup is a well known hot and sour soup from Thailand made
with lots of spices and herbs, and plenty of spicy chili peppers. It is
usually made with shrimp, though pork is also a popular option. It is
essentially a broth soup, the broth simmered with ingredients like smashed
Thai peppers, kaffir lime, lemongrass and more.

You may also see it called Tom Yam, Tom Yum Goong (the clear version of the
soup) or Tom Yum Khon (a creamier version).

I love it for it's flavor and spiciness, but also because it is very easy to
make. You can have a steaming bowl of Tom Yum Soup on the table in under 30
minutes, and that's great for busy people who don't want to compromise great
flavor for something quick.

**Let's talk about how we make Tom Yum Soup, shall we?**

## Tom Yum Soup Ingredients

  * Chicken stock (or use shrimp stock) - See the recipe tips and notes section below on how to make your own shrimp stock.
  * Thai chili peppers - or use any spicy pepper available to you. 
  * Fish sauce
  * Nam prik pao (Thai chili paste) - sub in other chili pastes as needed.
  * Chili oil - sub in vegetable oil or make your own chili oil.
  * Lemongrass - fresh is great, but sub in a paste or use green onion with lemon zest.
  * Kaffir lime leaves - kaffir lime is very unique. Skip if you'd like, or sub in cilantro with lime zest.
  * Garlic
  * Galangal - sub in ginger if you can't find galangal.
  * Straw mushrooms - sub in other mushrooms to your preference.
  * Shrimp
  * Lime juice
  * For Garnish/Finish - Chopped fresh cilantro, fish sauce, chili oil, chili flakes

## How to Make Tom Yum Soup - the Recipe Method

**Make the Stock Soup Base.** Add the chicken stock (or shrimp stock) to a
large pot along with the peppers, fish sauce, chili paste, chili oil,
lemongrass, galangal, garlic, and kaffir lime leaves. Bring to a boil, then
reduce heat and simmer for 10 minutes. You can simmer longer if you'd like to
develop more flavor. Strain, if desired.

**Mushrooms.** Add the mushrooms and cook for 3 minutes.

**Shrimp.** Add the lime juice and shrimp. Simmer for 2 minutes, or until the
shrimp is cooked through.

**Serve.** Serve into bowls and top with chopped fresh cilantro, a drizzle of
fish sauce and chili oil, and chili flakes (if desired).

**Boom! Done!** Tom Yum Soup is ready to serve. It looks wonderful, doesn't
it? I love to include extra peppers and seasonings in mine, as I do love it
spicy, as you know. So easy to make, isn't it? And easy to customize to your
own flavor preferences.

## Recipe Tips & Notes

  * **The Chili Peppers.** Use Thai peppers for this recipe if you can, though will achieve excellent results with other chili peppers. Go with heat levels of your choice, like spicy jalapeno, fiery serrano peppers or cayenne, or even extra hot peppers like habaneros, 7 pot peppers or ghost peppers for some real heat.
  * **The Stock.** You can make this recipe more quickly with store bought stocks, like chicken stock, shrimp stock or seafood stock and vegetable broth or stock. I often make my own stocks and freeze them for later use. You'll definitely get more flavor from a homemade stock.
  * **Make Your Own Shrimp Stock.** If you'd like to make your own shrimp stock for this recipe, start with shell on shrimp, preferably with the shrimp heads. Peel the shrimp, then add the shells and the shrimp heads to a pot with 4 cups of water. Add in lemongrass, kaffir lime leaves, smashed ginger or galangal and garlic, shallot and Thai chilies. Bring to a boil then simmer at least 10 minutes to let the flavors develop. 1 hour or longer is better. Strain, then use to make your Tom Yum Soup! So delicious. The soup is more authentic this way.
  * **Other Ingredients.** You can use other flavors to your preference. I have seen this recipe made with soy sauce, bay leaves, cherry tomatoes to finish, sugar or brown sugar, honey and more.
  * **Creamy Version.** You can make more of a creamy version of Tom Yum Soup, called Tom Yum Nam Khon, by adding evaporated milk or coconut milk to the soup base.

**That's it, my friends.** I hope you enjoy this amazing Tom Yum Soup recipe.
Let me know if you make it. I'd love to hear how it turned out for you. Keep
it spicy!

## Cookbook Recommendation

If you enjoy cooking Thai and other Asian food, I recommend this book for a
lot of easy and iconic recipes. I'm learning a lot from it.

  * 101 Asian Dishes You Need to Cook Before You Die: Discover a New World of Flavors in Authentic Recipes \- by Chef Jet Tila

## Try Some of My Other Popular Recipes

  * Thai Shrimp Curry
  * Spicy Thai Curry Chicken Soup
  * Coconut Chicken Curry
  * Khao Soi - Northern Thai Coconut Curry Soup
  * Drunken Noodles (Pad Kee Mao)
  * Spicy Ramen Noodles
  * Hot and Sour Soup
  * Check out all of my Soup Recipes

**Got any questions? Ask away!** I'm happy to help. If you enjoy this recipe,
I hope you'll leave a comment with some STARS. Also, please share it on social
media. Don't forget to tag us at #ChiliPepperMadness. I'll be sure to share!
Thanks! -- Mike H.

Print

## Tom Yum Soup Recipe

This Tom Yum Soup recipe is a popular Thai hot and sour soup loaded with herbs
and spices and lots of shrimp simmered in a flavorful broth.

Course: Main Course, Soup

Cuisine: American, Thai

Keyword: chili paste, lemongrass, nam prik pao, shrimp, thai peppers

Prep Time: 10 minutes

Cook Time: 15 minutes

Calories: 193kcal

Author: Mike Hultquist

Servings: 4

**Tap or hover to scale**

5 from 4 votes

Leave a Review

### Ingredients

  * 4 cups chicken stock or use shrimp stock
  * 4 Thai chili peppers or use any spicy pepper available to you - see recipe notes
  * 4 tablespoons fish sauce
  * 3 tablespoons Thai chili paste nam prik pao
  * 1 tablespoon chili oil
  * 3 lemongrass stalks chopped and smashed
  * 3 kaffir lime leaves
  * 2 garlic cloves smashed
  * 1 teaspoon fresh chopped galangal
  * 15 ounces straw mushrooms I used canned, drained, but you can use fresh
  * 12 medium shrimp peeled and deveined
  * Juice from 1 small lime
  * For Garnish/Finish: Chopped fresh cilantro fish sauce, chili oil, chili flakes

### Instructions

  * Add the chicken stock (or shrimp stock) to a large pot along with the peppers, fish sauce, chili paste, chili oil, lemongrass, kaffir lime leaves, garlic and galangal. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer for 10 minutes. You can simmer longer if you'd like to develop more flavor. Strain, if desired.

  * Add the mushrooms and cook for 3 minutes.

  * Add the shrimp and lime juice. Simmer for 2 minutes, or until the shrimp is cooked through.

  * Serve into bowls and top with chopped fresh cilantro, a drizzle of fish sauce and chili oil, and chili flakes (if desired).

### Notes

 **The Chili Peppers.** Use Thai peppers for this recipe if you can, though
will achieve excellent results with other chili peppers. Go with heat levels
of your choice, like spicy jalapeno, fiery serrano peppers or cayenne, or even
extra hot peppers like habaneros, 7 pot peppers or ghost peppers for some real
heat.

**The Stock.** You can make this recipe more quickly with store bought stocks,
like chicken stock, shrimp stock or seafood stock and vegetable broth or
stock. I often make my own stocks and freeze them for later use. You'll
definitely get more flavor from a homemade stock.

**Make Your Own Shrimp Stock.** If you'd like to make your own shrimp stock
for this recipe, start with shell on shrimp, preferably with the shrimp heads.
Peel the shrimp, then add the shells and the shrimp heads to a pot with 4 cups
of water. Add in lemongrass, kaffir lime leaves, smashed ginger or galangal
and garlic, shallot and Thai chilies. Bring to a boil then simmer at least 10
minutes to let the flavors develop. 1 hour or longer is better. Strain, then
use to make your Tom Yum Soup! So delicious. The soup is more authentic this
way.

**Other Ingredients.** You can use other flavors to your preference. I have
seen this recipe made with soy sauce, bay leaves, cherry tomatoes to finish,
sugar or brown sugar, honey and more.

**Creamy Version.** You can make more of a creamy version of Tom Yum Soup,
called Tom Yum Nam Khon, by adding evaporated milk or coconut milk to the soup
base.

### Nutrition Information

Calories: 193kcal   Carbohydrates: 19g   Protein: 15g   Fat: 7g   Saturated
Fat: 1g   Cholesterol: 53mg   Sodium: 2307mg   Potassium: 483mg   Fiber: 3g
Sugar: 6g   Vitamin A: 69IU   Vitamin C: 11mg   Calcium: 57mg   Iron: 3mg

Did You Enjoy This Recipe?I love hearing how you like it and how you made it
your own. Leave a comment below and tag @ChiliPepperMadness on social media.



  *   *   *   *   * 

Categories: Asian Tags: Chili Pepper Madness, easy/simple/quick recipes,
lighter fare and low calorie, low budget/inexpensive meals, thai

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

  1. Judy Fungchoo says

May 27, 2022 at 7:45 am

  
OMG !!! Makes my soul sing! Thank you! I did not have access to shrimp heads
in the Midwest market so used the chicken broth. Nor did I have the galangal
root did use ginger as suggested. I ordered the lime leaves on line. I doubled
recipe plus put more shrimp in it and added some bean sprouts. Just threw in
chopped cilantro. Freaking fabulous! Thanks again!

Reply

    * Mike Hultquist says

May 27, 2022 at 7:49 am

Nice!!! Glad you enjoyed it, Judy! Thank you very much for sharing. I
appreciate it. =)

Reply

  2. Jazz says

March 17, 2021 at 11:47 am

  
AMAAAAZING!!!! Thank goodness I found your recipe! I had two quarts of
homemade shrimp stock, and no clue what to do with all of it! (We eat a lot of
shrimp and I save all the shells in the freezer.)

I didn't have any lime leaves, so I used ground dried lime; no fresh galangal,
but I had dried galangal (known as shar/sand ginger in Chinese cookjng); and
frozen chopped lemongrass. Talk about pantry cooking, lol. Because I used
dried ingredients, I let the broth simmer overnight.

Anyway, once you have all the ingredients, this soup is super easy to pull
together. It is delish both with and without the coconut milk. We just added
coconut milk in our individual bowls, so I could freeze the extra broth. My
husband took one whiff of the soup and nearly swooned. He declared it better
than any restaurant version, so thank you, Mike!!!

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

March 17, 2021 at 12:13 pm

Outstanding, Jazz! Yes, so good with homemade shrimp stock! I love that. I
freeze batches as well. Super happy you both enjoyed it!

Reply

  3. Gay McDonald says

March 08, 2021 at 6:31 pm

  
I really like your take on this traditional recipe. I make my own nam prik
pao, and I love to use it in various recipes. I have saved a few of your
recipes to use. I am a volunteer at a program for older folks, and I make a
weekly "morning tea" that includes a lot of allergy issues! My folks just love
to try something new, and are into healthy food in a big way. Thanks for
sharing your "obsession" - habanero in sweet chili sauces full of tropical
fruits is my favorite mix! Pineapple, passionfruit, mango, papaya, and more.  
Stay safe and well!  
Gay

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

March 09, 2021 at 6:17 am

Thanks, Gay! I love that you make your own nam prik pao. Very nice.

Reply

  4. DON GREGORY says

March 01, 2021 at 3:56 pm

  
ABSOLUTEY THE BEST

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

March 01, 2021 at 4:12 pm

Yes! I love this soup. So good.

Reply

## Primary Sidebar

**ALL. SPICY. RECIPES.** Hi, I’m Mike and I LOVE Spicy Food! Say goodbye to
bland and boring food with my easy-to-follow recipes. Let’s get cooking!

More about me →

Mexican

Cajun

Sauces

Seasonings

### 5 ESSENTIALS FOR SPICY COOKING

Subscribe and receive my FREE email series with tips for spicy cooking and new
Recipes

**AMAZON / BARNES & NOBLE / ** **INDIEBOUND  ** **/  BOOKS A MILLION**

**AMAZON / BARNES & NOBLE / INDIEBOUND**

### Most Popular Recipes

  * Bang Bang Chicken

  * Creamy Fish Taco Sauce

  * Mexican Birria Recipe

  * Homemade Blackening Seasoning

  * Michelada Recipe - Spicy Mexican Beer and Tomato Juice Cocktail

  * Pollo Guisado Recipe (Chicken Stew)

## Footer

## NEVER MISS A RECIPE

Receive my "5 Essentials for Spicy Cooking" email series & new recipes

Search

  *   *   *   *   * 

↑ back to top

About | Contact | Travel-Food | Stories | Privacy | Disclaimer | © 2022 Chili
Pepper Madness

EXCLUSIVE MEMBER OF MEDIAVINE FOOD

