https://myspicetrunk.com/2022/02/20/vegan-thai-basil-fried-rice/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content

myspicetrunk

  * Home
  * Vegetarian
  * Dessert
  * Asian
  * About Me
  * Allrecipes
  * ## Nav Social Menu

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest

  * search...

# Vegan Thai Basil Fried Rice

February 20, 2022 By Smita Leave a Comment

VEG

Vegan Thai Basil Fried Rice. A quick and easy 20-minute meal. Spicy, aromatic,
and nutritious with wonderful vegetables and sauces. This vegan and crowd-
pleasing dish is part of a home cook's arsenal for busy weeknights.

My family loves this fried rice. My younger one loves Veg Fried Rice so her
school lunch is often Veg Thai Fried Rice or Schezwan Fried Rice which I
obviously tone down.

The refrigerators of Indian families always have leftover rice. And thanks to
beautiful Asian recipes, this rice is always cherished by not only mine, but
families across the globe.

So if you are keen on serving more home-cooked meals on busy weeknights, but
lacking in ideas, have this recipe ready for tomorrow's lunch.

## Why I Love Vegan Thai Basil Fried Rice-

It's simple and easy to cook. In addition, you can add lots of vegetables and
protein according to your taste. It's so delicious with that umami flavour
that you will make it again and again.

## What Ingredients Are Used for Vegan Thai Basil Fried Rice?

**Rice** \- The star of the dish. Jasmine rice is the rice used in all Asian
fried rice recipes. However, if you are not very hung up on rice choice, then
you can use basmati rice, brown rice, or even quinoa.

**Thai Basil Leaf-** The soul of the recipe. Basil brings out that amazing
aroma to this simple dish. You certainly cannot replace or skip it.

**Vegetables** \- You can use your choice of vegetables. You can choose just a
few or as many as you want. I have used bok choy, broccoli, carrot and
mushroom in it.

**Aromatics** \- Lots of garlic, sliced onion/shallots, and Thai red chillies.

**The Sauce-** The usual sauce assortment that is used in Thai cuisine makes
this dish super flavorful.

Last but not least, oil to cook everything. Any neutral oil of your choice
will be good.

Remember, I have made this recipe to suit my family members' spice levels.
Individual taste can vary. I have kept this mild.

Feel free to modify the spice level according to your choice and taste.

## How to Make Vegan Thai Basil Fried Rice-

Use a big wok or pan to cook the fried rice. When the oil is hot enough, add
all the aromatics. Saute till they look golden and release the lovely flavour.

Add all the vegetables one by one right from the vegetable which takes the
longest time to cook. Use all the sauces mixed together, and cooked, cold rice
nicely to the wok.

Add lots of fresh basil leaves and make your fried rice fragrant.

## Why Is Using Cold Rice Important?

Cold rice or pre-cooked rice kept in the fridge for at least a 2 hour time
period is really important for this recipe. All fried rice needs pre-cooked
since fresh rice sticks together. It's really difficult to get the desired
texture with hot and fresh rice.

## Vegan Thai Basil Fried Rice

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 10 mins

Cook Time 10 mins

Total Time 20 mins

Course Main Course

Servings 2

### Ingredients

  

  * 2 Cups Cooked Jasmine rice/Basmati Rice 
  * 1 Tbsp Oil
  * 3 Cloves Chopped Garlic
  * 1 Small Fresh Red Thai Chili (Optional)
  * 1 Small Sliced Onion
  * ½ Cup Sliced carrot
  * 2 Baby Bok Choy, chop off the base and remove the stalks separately
  * 4 Medium Sliced button mushrooms
  * Handful of fresh thai basil leaves
  * 1 Tbsp Vegeterian Oyster Sauce
  * 1.5 Tsp Sri racha Sauce
  * 1.5 Tbsp Dark Soy Sauce
  * 1 Tsp Sugar

#### No salt is added since all the sauces contain salt in them.

### Instructions



  * Whisk together soy sauce, oyster sauce, sriracha, and sugar. Keep them aside.

  * Heat a large wok or pan with 1 tbsp of oil.

  * Add garlic, chili, and onion to it. Saute till they look all sweaty and golden brown.

  * Add carrot, broccoli, and mushroom and cook them till they are a little soft.

  * Furthermore, add bok choy to the wok and mix.

  * Before adding the rice, break all the lumps with the help of a fork or spatula.

  * Combine everything with rice and let it become a little hot before adding the sauce mix.

  * Add sauce mix, rice, and vegetables. Combine together.

  * Throw in the basil leaves and mix it well.

  * Taste the rice and serve with your choice of garnish/side.

  * Enjoy!!!

### Share this:

  * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
  * 

### Like this:

Like Loading...

### Related posts:

Vegan Thai Green Curry Lemon Basil Pesto Pasta Thai Pumpkin Chickpea Curry
Thai Green Papaya Salad

Previous Post: « Roasted/Air Fryer Eggplant & Chickpea Salad

Next Post: Teriyaki Vegetable Tofu Stir Fry »

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Footer

↑ back to top

###

Like us

  * Facebook
  * Pinterest
  * Instagram

Privacy Policy

Please sign up to get latest recipes in your Inbox!

Email Address

Subscribe

Copyright © 2021 **myspicetrunk.com**



##

##

Loading Comments...



Write a Comment...

Email (Required) Name (Required) Website

###

%d bloggers like this:

