https://www.veganricha.com/vegan-thai-basil-fried-rice/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * (new) Recipe Filters
    * Popular Recipes
    * Breakfast
    * Lunch / Dinner
    * Dessert
    * Indian
    * Instant Pot
    * Burgers
    * Pizza
    * Recipe Index
  * Videos
    * Instant Pot
    * Dessert
    * Holidays
    * Easy Vegan Meals
    * All Recipe Videos
  * CookBooks
    * Vegan Richa’s Instant Pot Cookbook(PREORDER NOW)
    * Vegan Richa's Everyday Kitchen (Print & Digital)
    * Vegan Richa's Indian Kitchen (Print & Digital)
  * Resources
    * How To Start A Food Blog
    * Resources for Food Bloggers
    * Vegan Subs & Resources
    * Our Vegan Journey and FAQs
    * Indian Pantry
    * Indian Dal / Lentil Names
  * Shop
  * About / Contact
  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Videos
  * CookBooks
  * Shop
  * About
  * NEW! Instant Pot Cookbook

*   * Bloglovin
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

×

Home » Asian Vegan Recipes

# Vegan Thai Basil Fried Rice

Published: Oct 21, 2015 · Modified: Aug 23, 2018 by Richa 45 Comments

Jump to Recipe   Print Recipe

Vegan Thai Basil Fried Rice. Thai  Veggie Fried Rice with easy ingredients,
marinated tempeh and basil. Vegan Glutenfree Nutfree Recipe.

**Jump to Recipe   **

This easy fried rice is a favorite to order from Thai places and also to make
at home. It is  full of flavor from the sauces and basil. Use up your veggies
and add some tempeh, tofu or chickpeas for the protein and done.

Garlic and chilies are cooked on high heat, then veggies, then basil and
marinated tempeh. For the flavor profile of oyster sauce and fish sauce
usually used in thai fried rice, I use soy sauce, pineapple juice, vegan
oyster sauce and molasses. Add some wakame for a fish-y flavor. Once the
tempeh is cooked, toss in the rice. garnish with more basil and serve.  
  

More Asian recipes from the blog

  

  * Massaman Curry Veggies
  * Celery Black Pepper tofu
  * Pad thai
  * Lentils & Veggies in Thai Peanut Sauce
  * Garlic Vegetable Fried Rice

If you make something from the blog, please do tag me #veganricha on Instagram
or on social media! Leave me comment on this post too.

Pin this post.

Prep the tempeh and marinate. I made a sauce mixture of ingredients to sub
fish sauce + oyster sauce. Vegan fish sauce adapted from Rika's brilliant
vegan fish sauce. Cook up garlic and veggies. Add tempeh and basil, sauces,
the rice. Mix up and serve hot.

Print Recipe

5 from 12 votes

## Vegan Thai Basil Fried Rice

Vegan Thai Basil fried rice with veggies, marinated Tempeh and thai basil. How
to make Thai Basil fried Rice. Vegan Gluten-free Recipe. Khao Pad Bai Kraprow.
Ready in 30 mins. Serves 2

Prep Time20 mins

Cook Time25 mins

Total Time45 mins

Course: Side

Cuisine: Thai

Keyword: thai fried rice, veggie fried rice

Servings: 3

Calories: 402kcal

Author: Vegan Richa

### Ingredients

#### For the sauce marinade:

  * 2 to 3 Tbsp low sodium tamari or soy sauce
  * 1 Tbsp water
  * 1 Tbsp or more sugar
  * 2 Tbsp pineapple juice  or orange juice
  * 1/2 tsp (0.5 tsp) garlic powder
  * 1 tsp rice vinegar
  * 1 Tbsp vegan oyster sauce optional
  * 1 tsp molasses
  * 8 oz (226.8 g) Tempeh cubed to 1/2 inch cubes  or use Tofu

#### For the Fried Rice:

  * 2 tsp oil
  * 5 cloves of garlic chopped
  * 1 to 2 hot green or red chilies finely chopped
  * 1/2 (0.5 ) onion thinly sliced
  * 1/2 (0.5 ) red bell pepper thinly sliced
  * 1/4 cup (32 g) thinly sliced carrots
  * 1/2  cup (62 g) other veggies like sliced zucchini mushrooms, broccoli etc
  * 1/2 cup (50 g) chopped green onions divided
  * 1/2 cup (12 g) thai basil leaves I chop these up for more flavor
  * 2 cups (316 g) or more cooked rice I use basmati
  * salt and black pepper to taste
  * black pepper or red pepper flakes for garnish

### Instructions

  * If using Tempeh, steam the tempeh for 11 to 12 minutes. Drain. (optional)

  * Mix all the sauce ingredients in a bowl. Add tempeh or tofu to marinate. (marinate for atleast 15 minutes).

  * In a skillet, heat oil over medium high heat. When the oil is hot, add garlic and chilies and cook for a minute or until just turning golden. Add the bell pepper and mix in. Add onions, zucchini, carrots and other veggies. Cook for 2 minutes.

  * Add the sauce with the tempeh. Cover and cook for 2 to 3 minutes or until the sauce thickens slightly. Add half of the green onions and basil and mix in. Cook for a minute.

  * Add in the rice, black pepper to taste and toss well. Cover and cook for 1-2 minutes. Add more soy sauce if needed and mix in. Taste and adjust salt and spice. Add salt if needed. Garnish with black pepper or red pepper flakes and green onion or cilantro. Serve hot!

### Notes

Variation: You can brown the tempeh or tofu at Step 3 with the bell pepper.
Remove the tempeh from the marinade and add to the skillet with the veggies.
Cook until golden on the edges and proceed to the next step to add the sauce.  
Sauce variation: Add a tsp of mushroom flavored dark soy sauce or plain thick
dark soy sauce to the marinade.  
Add shredded sea weed (like wakame) for a fish-y flavor profile.

Nutritional values based one serving

### Nutrition

Nutrition Facts

Vegan Thai Basil Fried Rice

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 402 Calories from Fat 99

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 11g **17%**

Saturated Fat 2g **13%**

 **Sodium** 702mg **31%**

 **Potassium** 659mg **19%**

 **Carbohydrates** 57g **19%**

Fiber 3g **13%**

Sugar 10g **11%**

 **Protein** 19g **38%**

**Vitamin A** 4320IU **86%**

 **Vitamin C** 38.7mg **47%**

 **Calcium** 143mg **14%**

 **Iron** 3.4mg **19%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

### Sharing is caring!

Share on Pinterest Share on Facebook Share on WhatsApp Share on Twitter Share
on Email

« Vegan Cream Cheese Pound Cake

Yeast-free Sweet Potato Vegan Gluten free Flatbread »

  
  
⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ **If you Love the Recipe, Please consider rating it using stars in
comments! It helps readers and helps more people find the recipe online! I
love hearing from you all!** ⭐⭐⭐⭐  
  

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

  1. Jessica

June 21, 2022 at 5:23 am

  
Really liked the flavor of this. I know it would have been even better had I
made it exactly as written, but I substituted tofu and the veggies I had on
hand. Still good, though. Thanks!

Reply

    * Vegan Richa Support

June 21, 2022 at 12:20 pm

thanks Jessica

Reply

  2. Robin

February 18, 2022 at 5:07 pm

Can I use tamari instead of soy?

Reply

    * Richa

February 18, 2022 at 7:49 pm

Yes

Reply

  3. philippe

September 24, 2021 at 1:02 am

Sawadee Kap!

I'll have 12 people at the table next sunday, two of em beeing vegan, nother
one doesn't eat whatever comes from the sea, and nother one never eat
potatoes. This doesn't leave much choice. So, for the first time in my life
I'll have to cook some veggie recipes. I love thaï food, and often cook some.
This recipe I found here will be the main dish, I do know how to make a decent
Fried Rice (with chicken of course lol) I'll let you know how it went. cheers
from France!

Reply

  4. Rani

February 18, 2021 at 5:45 pm

  
Dear Richa, Thank you for your lovely recipes, you in spire me a lot. Thanks
again

Reply

  5. Devika Loiwal Baheti

August 25, 2020 at 10:20 am

hi! what can i replace molasses and miso paste with? im vegetarian, not vegan.

Reply

    * Richa

August 25, 2020 at 10:22 am

Molasses can be replaced with jaggery. Omit the miso and add another more soy
sauce

Reply

  6. Kiran

April 20, 2020 at 5:29 pm

  
Hi Richa,

I just made it. It was really easy and it tasted so good.  
Thank you for the wonderful recipe.

Reply

    * Vegan Richa Support

April 24, 2020 at 11:21 am

Glad you enjoyed it!

Reply

  7. lazysmurf

April 17, 2019 at 12:25 pm

I had been looking for a vegan Thai fried rice recipe for a while and tried
several, this has been the best for sure.

Reply

    * Richa

April 17, 2019 at 1:21 pm

awesome! thanks!

Reply

  8. Monica S

April 12, 2019 at 6:12 pm

  
I was very skeptical because I've heard that fish sauce is key for anything
"Thai". This recipe proves them all wrong! I made this for dinner, and the
whole family enjoyed it.

Thank you!

Reply

  9. SUE

February 13, 2018 at 10:28 am

  
This was so good I'm making it again three days later!! It's quick, easy and
delicious ☺. Thanks Richa.

Reply

    * Richa

February 13, 2018 at 2:14 pm

Awesome! Yes i love this one with tofu, tempeh or whatever.

Reply

  10. Shefalika Naik

September 10, 2017 at 11:48 am

Hi Richa - love your recipes. Can you please share how I would make this in
the instant pot? Thanks! Shefalika

Reply

    * Richa

September 11, 2017 at 2:07 pm

You can cook the garlic onion and veggies on saute for 2 minutes, then add the
tempeh along with the marinade and manual for 1 minute. Quick release and mix
in the cooked rice and mix in. Taste and adjust flavor and let sit for 2
minutes before serving. You can also possibly put some soaked uncooked rice
with the tempeh, but the overall flavor and texture will be a bit different
from fried rie kind of dish.

Reply

  11. kathy

October 17, 2016 at 2:28 pm

Can you think of something I can use instead of soy sauce to keep the Thai
influence? I am on an extremely low-sodium diet. I know there is low sodium
soy sauce, but is there anything else I could use to substitute?

Reply

    * Richa

October 17, 2016 at 4:40 pm

Have you tried coconut aminos? that might work for the flavor. Or some
tamarind paste.

Reply

  12. Nandini

July 24, 2016 at 4:40 pm

Hi Richa

Was looking for a vegan basil fried rice recipe and came across your blog. I
tried it and it turned out wonderfully (way above my expectations). Cant wait
to try out your other recipes too.

Cheers!

Reply

  13. Marie

May 21, 2016 at 10:20 am

My son is allergic to both soy and coming, so we can't do soy sauce or coconut
aminos. Do you think salt & vinegar would work instead?

Reply

    * Richa

May 21, 2016 at 10:46 am

you can do a different sauce fries rice. like peanut sauce ? i have a peanut
sauce fried rice recipe on the blog.

Reply

  14. Christine Baker

February 24, 2016 at 12:43 am

Just cooked this, I used to do the chicken version but since becoming vegan
this is just as good.

Reply

    * Richa

February 24, 2016 at 10:22 am

awesome!

Reply

  15. Nina

February 08, 2016 at 2:29 pm

  
This was incredible! I love the fantastic amount of garlic in this and loads
of basil. So goooooood!!! We did all the veg you suggested - carrots,
zucchini, mushrooms, broccoli. Thanks!!

Reply

    * Nina

February 08, 2016 at 2:40 pm

And we just did with regular basil…and was scrumptious!

Reply

    * Richa

February 08, 2016 at 3:03 pm

Awesome!!

Reply

  16. Neeta

January 12, 2016 at 5:30 am

This recipe is unbelievable, Richa!! I have made it so many times & it is
better than any Thai restaurant.

You are my hero(ine)!!!

Reply

    * Richa

January 12, 2016 at 10:27 am

Awesome!!!!

Reply

  17. Vanitha Sujith

December 29, 2015 at 12:05 am

  
My new favourite herb - Thai Basil. Yummy!

Reply

  18. Vanitha Sujith

December 29, 2015 at 12:04 am

  
The addition of the Thai Basil makes this different from all the other fried
rice I've made. Simple yet flavoursome!

Reply

    * Richa

December 29, 2015 at 10:29 am

Thai basil fried rice is available in some Thai restaurants. I remember really
liking it when I wasn't vegan. This is the egg free, fish sauce free version
that I make now.

Reply

  19. Pasha Davidson

October 23, 2015 at 4:43 pm

  
Made this tonight. I couldn't find Thai basil leaves, so I left them out.
Other than that I followed the recipe to the letter. The directions really
helped me and it turned out so good!!

Reply

    * Richa

October 23, 2015 at 5:04 pm

Awesome! try it with some thai basil too!

Reply

  20. Phoebe @ Feed Me Phoebe

October 23, 2015 at 2:24 pm

YUM I love some good stir-fry! Thanks for this GF + vegan recipe!

Reply

  21. Lori

October 22, 2015 at 1:30 pm

  
I made a comment that this was absolutely DELICIOUS even though we lacked 3
ingredients. Just love your recipes!!!

Just did not see my comment so reposting 🙂

Reply

    * Richa

October 22, 2015 at 2:03 pm

it went into comment moderation. now posted 🙂 Thanks! so glad you loved it!

Reply

  22. Lori Munn

October 22, 2015 at 1:19 pm

  
ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS and we were missing about 3 ingredients. Still so
YUMMY!!!

Reply

    * Richa

October 22, 2015 at 1:26 pm

Awesome!!

Reply

  23. Sue

October 22, 2015 at 7:56 am

Yum! This looks delicious. Sorry your day wan't great. I hope today is better.

Reply

    * Richa

October 22, 2015 at 8:52 am

Thank you Sue. Bad eye day after eye appointment 🙂 Its a better day already!

Reply

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi, I'm Richa!** I create flavorful plant based recipes that are inspired by
my Indian upbringing, including many gluten-free, soy-free, and oil-free
options.

More about me →

Amazon // Barnes & Noble // BAM! // Chapter Indigo // International

My exclusive 16 Spice Set

Amazon // Barnes & Noble // BAM! // Chapter Indigo // International

## FOLLOW US

  * Bloglovin
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

**Amazon|| Barnes & Noble || BAM! || IndieBound || Details & International **

### Popular

  * Best Easy Vegan Recipes of 2021

  * Restaurant Style Aloo Gobi

  * Vegan Mac and Cheese Powder - Cheese Mix Recipe

  * Creamy Sun Dried Tomato Pasta with Garlic Soy curls

**Amazon || Barnes & Noble || BAM! || Indigo || Book Depository**

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms Of Use
  * Copyright and Disclaimers

### Resources

  * Indian dals/lentils names
  * Indian pantry
  * Our vegan journey
  * Vegan Substitutes

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates

  *   *   *   * 

### Contact

  * Recipe Index
  * My Favorite Things
  * Advertise, Work With Me

### Cookbooks

  * Vegan Richa’s Indian kitchen cookbook
  * Vegan Richa’s Everyday kitchen cookbook 
  * Vegan Richa’s Instant Pot Book

All content on this blog is owned by Vegan Richa LLC.  Links on some posts are
affiliate links for e.g. we are participant in Amazon services LLC Associates
program. Vegan Richa is monetized in part through the use of such affiliate
links. More Details

Copyright © 2021 **Vegan Richa**

