https://thebellyrulesthemind.net/vegan-thai-basil-fried-rice/


Skip to Content

Search Magnifying Glass

Search for: Close Search ×

  * Instant Pot
    * Easy Recipe For Beginners
    * Pasta / Noodles
    * Soups Recipe
  * Air Fryer
  * Recipes
    * Rice Recipes
    * Lentils Recipe
    * Quinoa Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Asian Recipes
    * American Recipes
    * Mediterranian
  * About Us
  * Privacy

# Vegan Thai Basil Fried Rice

By: Author Anvita

Posted on Published: September 14, 2020 \- Last updated: April 6, 2022

1 Comment

Home » Cuisines » Asian

Sharing is caring!

1.1K shares

  * Facebook235
  * Pin909
  * Yummly

Jump to Recipe

 _ **Vegan Thai basil fried rice is a family favorite recipe that 's perfect
for satisfying those takeout cravings. You can serve this easy to make rice
recipe any day of the week for a delicious dinner. It's also perfect to make
ahead on a weekend when you are meal prepping so you can send it as a warm
lunch all week long. **_

LET'S BE FRIENDS ON PINTEREST! WE'RE ALWAYS PINNING TASTY RECIPES!



## **What is Thai Basil Fried Rice?**

Thai basil fried rice is a traditional dish coming from Thailand that uses a
combination of sweet and spicy flavors to make a savory rice dish that is
filling. You can add additional vegetables to the rice and can alter the heat
level by adding additional spice and red pepper flakes.

## Thai Bail Fried Rice Video

## **Why you will love this Thai Basil Fried Rice  **

This dish packs tons of flavor into one dish. It makes a perfect weeknight
dinner to feed the whole family. It is also great to make ahead of time and
serve your busy family for lunch.

Our recipe is vegan thanks to vegetarian oyster sauce and no eggs. Most fried
rice recipes use oyster based oyster sauce or fish sauce, neither of which are
vegan, and eggs.

To fill it out more, you can add extra veggies if you want. You can also make
this recipe gluten-free.

## **Ingredients for Thai Basil Fried Rice**

For great tasting fried rice, you'll need these ingredients:

  * jasmine rice - you could use another long grain rice if you prefer
  * water
  * toasted sesame oil - though any oil could work, sesame oil helps add flavor, so try to use it if you can
  * garlic cloves 
  * ginger
  * yellow onion
  * red bell pepper
  * carrot 
  * green chiles
  * soy sauce - if you want to make this gluten free, you can use either tamari or a gluten free soy sauce
  * vegetarian oyster sauce
  * salt
  * Thai basil
  * cilantro
  * roasted peanuts
  * lime wedges

## **How to make Thai Basil Fried Rice in the Instant Pot**

This fried rice is very easy to make in the Instant Pot. But if you feel like
you need some tips on how to cook rice in the Instant Pot, check out this post
about avoiding the dreaded Burn Notice.

Start by preparing the veggies, including the garlic, onion, pepper, carrots,
and ginger. Once they are cut, thoroughly rinse the jasmine rice 4 to 5 times
and set it aside.

In a small bowl, mix the oyster sauce and soy sauce and set it aside.

Turn the Instant Pot on Saute and heat the oil in the inner pot. Once the oil
is hot, add the garlic and ginger and stir until fragrant. Next, add the
onions and saute for one minute.

Once the onion has cooked, add in the rice and toast for 1 minute. Next, add
in the carrots, green chiles, and red pepper. Mix in the sauce, water, and
salt. Make sure you scrape the bottom of the pan to remove any stuck food.

Place the cover on the Instant Pot and set the valve to sealing. Pressure cook
on manual for 4 minutes followed by a natural pressure release.

Carefully open the lid and add in the chopped basil and cilantro. Mix the rice
well before garnishing with crushed peanuts and a lime wedge. Serve warm and
enjoy!

## Can I make this Thai Fried Rice Recipe on the Stove Top

Don't have an electric pressure cooker, no worries. You can make this recipe
in a skillet or a pot.  Please follow the same steps and expect for swapping
pressure cooking with covering the lid and cooking.

## **Can I make this Gluten-Free?**

Yes! You can easily make this gluten free using either a gluten free soy sauce
or tamari sauce.

## **Can I make this with leftover rice?**

You can make rice with precooked rice if you desire. To do so, shorten the
cook time from 4 minutes to 2 minutes.

## **Which Rice is the best to make Thai Basil Fried Rice Recipe**

We use jasmine rice for this. But you can use any long grain rice you have on
hand.

If you can't get enough rice, try our Instant Pot Jasmine Rice. It is a
simple, easy way to enjoy rice with just about any meal.

## **Can I make this with brown rice**

Yes, you can use brown rice if you prefer, however the cooking time will vary
to 12 mins. Make sure you rinse the rice thoroughly.

## **Serving suggestions**

You can serve this recipe as a main dish. You could also serve it with noodle
dishes, such as Instant Pot Ramen Noodles (Vegan Thai), Pad Thai, or Instant
Pot Chow Mein.  If you like curry, you can serve it with Thai Peanut Curry.

## **How can I store this rice?**

To store this recipe, allow it to cool completely and then place in an
airtight container. Place the container in the refrigerator for about 3 to 5
days. You could also store the rice in individual containers to pack in your
family's lunches.

To reheat, place in a skillet or pot and reheat over low heat. If you are
reheating it at work or school, microwave it for about 1 to 2 minutes or until
warmed through.

## **How can I meal prep this Thai Fried Rice recipe?**

You can easily make this ahead of time. To do so, place it in individual
containers so it is easy to place in lunch boxes or bags. You can also make
this a day ahead of time for a very easy midweek meal.

## **Tried it?**

Did you try this recipe? Take a picture and tag us on Instagram
@dbellyrulesdmind or share it on Facebook.

# Thai Basil Fried Rice Recipe and Video

Continue to Content

## Vegan Thai Basil Fried Rice Recipe

_Yield:_ 2 servings

_Prep Time:_ 10 minutes

_Cook Time:_ 4 minutes

_Additional Time:_ 20 minutes

_Total Time:_ 34 minutes

**Vegan Thai basil fried rice is a family favorite recipe that 's perfect for
satisfying those takeout cravings. You can serve this easy to make rice recipe
any day of the week for a delicious dinner. It's also perfect to make ahead on
a weekend when you are meal prepping so you can send it as a warm lunch all
week long.**

Print

### Ingredients

  * jasmine rice, 1 cup rinsed 
  * water , 1 cup 
  * toasted sesame oil, 2 tbsp 
  * garlic cloves, 4 Finely Sliced 
  * ginger , ½ inch Cut into Fine Batons 
  * yellow onion, 1 medium sliced 
  * red bell pepper ½, sliced 
  * carrot ½ , shredded 
  * green chilies, 2 (optional) Sliced 
  * soy sauce, 1 tbsp 
  * vegetarian oyster sauce, 1 tbsp 
  * ¼ teaspoon salt 
  * thai basil, ½ cup, chopped 
  * cilantro, ¼ cup chopped 
  * peanuts, 1 tsp 
  * lime wedges, 2 

### Instructions

#### Instant Pot Vegan Thai Fried Rice

    1. Prepare the ingredients. Rinse the jasmine rice thoroughly for about 4-5 times and keep aside. Chop the produce. In a bowl mix the soy sauce and vegetarian oyster sauce and keep aside.
    2. Using the saute function heat the oil in the inner pot. Once the oil is hot, add the ginger and garlic and stir until fragrant.
    3. Then add the onions and saute for a minute.
    4. Next add the rice and toast for another minute.
    5. Then add the sliced carrot, green chillies and red pepper. Then the prepared sauce, and water and salt. Mix well.
    6. Scrape the bottom for any food particles that could be stuck at the bottom of the pot.
    7. Cover the lid, seal and vent and pressure cook for 4 minutes followed by a natural pressure release.
    8. Once the rice is cooked, carefully open the lid, throw in the chopped thai basil and cilantro and mix well.
    9. Serve warm on a plate garnished with crushed peanuts and a lime wedge.

####  
Stove Top Thai Fried Rice

Please follow the same steps and expect for swapping pressure cooking with
covering the lid and cooking in step no 7.

### Recommended Products

As an Amazon Associate and member of other affiliate programs, I earn from
qualifying purchases.

  * Uncle Ben's Jasmine Rice, 5lb (2pk) 

  * Kadoya Pure Sesame 

  * Morton Salt Iodized Sea Salt, 26 oz, 2 pk 

  * Kikkoman Vegetarian Oyster Sauce, No Preservatives, Gluten Free - 12.8 Fl Oz | Pack of 1 

  * San-J Tamari Gluten Free Sauce Reduced Sodium, 

  * Kikkoman Soy Sauce - 10 oz 

  * Mealthy MultiPot 9-in-1 Programmable Slow and Pressure Cooker 

  * Instant Pot Ultra 6 Qt 10-in-1 

  * Instant Pot DUO60 6 Qt 7-in-1 Multi-Use Programmable Pressure Cooker, Slow Cooker, Rice Cooker, Steamer, Saute, Yogurt Maker and Warmer 

### Follow us for more delicious Recipes !

Did you make recipe? don't forget to come back and leave your feedback and
star rating.

(C) Anvita

By Author Anvita

Posted on Published: September 14, 2020 \- Last updated: April 6, 2022

Categories Asian, Blog, Instant Pot, Kid Friendly, Lunch, Rice, Thai,
Uncategorized, Vegan, Vegetarian

Tags instant pot thai fried ricethai basil fried ricethai basil fried rice
recipethai fried ricevegan thai basil fried rice

## Post navigation

Pesto Cavatappi Recipe - Copycat Noodles & Co

Instant Pot Dal Makhani Recipe

Click here to cancel reply.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

Kalyani Raghavan

Thursday 11th of November 2021

Please subscribe me to your blog. I did not get a pop up for the subscription.
Thanks!

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

### Team TBRTM

  
Hi! Welcome to The Belly Rules The Mind. A _vegetarian & vegan food blog_
where we ( **Anvita & Soniya**) share photos, of healthy _everyday recipes_ ,
products, & ingredients we use and _even-you-can-do-this ideas_.

COPYRIGHT © 2022 THE BELLY RULES THE MIND | Wisteria on Trellis Framework by
Mediavine

Skip to Recipe

1.1K shares

  *   *   * 

## Sharing is Caring

Help spread the word. You're awesome for doing it!

error: **Alert:** Content is protected !!

