https://www.themediterraneandish.com/easy-meatball-soup/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * Recipes
  * Cookbook
  * Mediterranean Diet
  * Shop
  * Cart
  * About
  * Contact

menu icon

search icon

search...

  * Recipes
  * Cookbook
  * Mediterranean Diet
  * Shop
  * Cart
  * About
  * Contact

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

×

Home / Italian / Easy Meatball Soup

# Easy Meatball Soup

Published: Apr 22, 2020 · Modified: Apr 23, 2020 by Suzy · 92 Comments

To recipe   Print

  *   *   *   * 

This hearty, easy meatball soup combines Italian-style meatballs, chopped
veggies and pasta, all simmered in a rich tomato broth. Add a side of your
favorite salad, and you've got dinner!

We've been all about comforting soups and stews lately. We've rotated through
some family favorites including: Avgolemono, Mushroom Barley Soup, and Italian
Minestrone.

Adding to the list an ultra comforting soup: easy meatball soup, **because why
choose between saucymeatballs and soup when you can do them both!**

## **Italian meatball soup**

**The gist** **of this recipe:** Tender Italian-style meatballs, chopped
vegetables, and pasta simmered in a rich and tasty tomato broth, seasoned with
a bit of dried oregano and sweet paprika. I like to finish with some fresh
parsley and a good sprinkle of grated Parmesan cheese.

**There are two obvious components: the meatballs + the broth** (or soup)

  * **The meatballs.** The meatball recipe itself is pretty much the one I use for my Italian baked chicken meatballs\--infused with a little grated Parmesan cheese, fresh parsley, and dried oregano. The main difference here is that in the meat mixture, I used 90% lean ground beef, which has plenty of flavor but still leaner than other beef options. You can absolutely make chicken meatballs, turkey meatballs, or even use a combination of meats like ground beef and Italian sausage using the same recipe.
  *  **The** **tomato broth.** I love a hearty broth, and this one hits all the right notes for me. It starts with sauteing some onions, carrots, celery and garlic. You can use any broth you like. Low-sodium beef broth will give you a slightly richer flavor, but you can use vegetable broth or chicken broth. For the tomatoes, I love using canned whole peeled tomatoes here, which break up nicely adding more texture to the soup. To season the tomato broth, I used the same flavors used in the meat mixture, dried oregano, sweet paprika, and a bit of fresh parsley.

## **How to make meatball soup**

Time needed: 55 minutes.

**_How to make meatball soup: step-by-step. Print-friendly recipe below_**

  1. **Make the Meatball Mixture**

In a large mixing bowl, add 1 ½ pounds of ground meat (beef, chicken, or
turkey). Add minced garlic (2 cloves), 1 raw egg (whisked), ½ cup Parmesan
cheese, ⅓ cup bread crumbs, 2 teaspoon dry oregano, and ½ teaspoon sweet
paprika. Season with kosher salt and black pepper. Add a good drizzle of extra
virgin olive oil and mix to combine.

  2. **Form meatballs and broil**

Turn your oven broiler on.  
Take about 1 ½ tablespoons of the meat mixture and form a meatball. Set it on
a lightly oiled baking sheet. Continue forming the mixture into meatballs
(whatever size meatball you started with, stick to it). Line all the meatballs
up on the sheet pan.  
Broil for about 8 minutes or until the meatballs are browned (they will have a
chance to cook some more later in the soup)

  3. **Make the soup**

Grab a large pot. Heat a couple tablespoons extra virgin olive oil. Now add
chopped onion, carrots, celery and garlic. Cook for 5 minutes or so until
softened, stirring regularly.  
Add 5 to 6 cups broth (if you like your soup more chunky, start with 5 cups),
canned tomatoes (28 ounces of peeled tomatoes with their juices). Season with
about 1 teaspoon dried oregano, 1/ teaspoon sweet paprika, kosher salt and
black pepper to your taste.  
Cook for about 10 minutes over medium/medium-high heat, then add in the
broiled meatballs and ¾ cup of any small pasta you have such as ditalini,
small shells or elbow pasta.  
Cook for another 10 minutes or until the pasta is cooked. Garnish with
parsley.

  4. **Serve**

Transfer the meatball soup to serving bowls. You can add a sprinkle of grated
Parmesan cheese on top. And if you enjoy spicy food, a sprinkle of crushed red
pepper flakes. Enjoy!

## **Leftovers and storage**

This meatball soup recipe makes a good amount to serve 6 or so people. For our
small family, we typically end up with a little bit of leftovers which makes
for a great lunch the next day.

You can store leftover meatball soup in the fridge for 3 days or so in a
tight-lid glass container. Be sure the soup has completely cooled before you
store in the fridge. Warm over medium heat, adding a little bit more liquid if
needed.

## **Can you freeze leftover meatball soup?**

If you're into meal prep want to make this soup ahead to freeze for later, you
can. **But, I recommend that you leave the pasta out and cook the meatball
soup according to the recipe but without the pasta (you can cook the pasta
later and add it to the soup).**

Let the soup completely cool before you freeze. Divide it in portions,
allowing room at the top of each container.

Thaw frozen meatball soup in the fridge overnight. Warm through over medium
heat. And as mentioned earlier, you can add separately cooked pasta at this
point.

Craving more soup recipes? Go **here**. And here are more **Italian-inspired
recipes. **And for all recipes visit us  **here. **

**  JOIN MY FREE E-MAIL LIST HERE.**

**SHOP OUR  ONLINE STORE FOR QUALITY OLIVE OILS, ALL-NATURAL SPICES AND MORE**

Print

clock clock iconcutlery cutlery iconflag flag iconfolder folder iconinstagram
instagram iconpinterest pinterest iconfacebook facebook iconprint print
iconsquares squares iconheart heart iconheart solid heart solid icon

## Easy Meatball Soup

* * *

★★★★★

5 from 32 reviews

  * Author: Suzy Karadsheh
  * Total Time: 55 minutes
  * Yield: Serves 6

Print Recipe

Pin Recipe

### Description

This hearty, easy meatball soup combines Italian-style meatballs, chopped
veggies and pasta, all simmered in a rich tomato broth. Add a side of your
favorite salad, and you've got dinner!

* * *

### Ingredients

Scale 1x2x3x

**For Meatballs**

  * 1 ½ lb lean ground beef (or ground chicken or ground turkey)
  * 2 to 3 garlic cloves, minced
  * 1 raw egg, whisked
  * ½ cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese
  * ⅓ cup plain bread crumbs
  * 2 tsp dry oregano
  * ½ tsp sweet paprika
  * Kosher salt and black pepper to taste
  * ½ to 1 cup fresh chopped parsley
  * Extra virgin olive oil (I used Private Reserve EVOO)

**For the Soup**

  * Extra virgin olive oil (Private Reserve EVOO)
  * 1 small onion, chopped (about ½ cup)
  * 2 carrots, chopped
  * 1 small green bell pepper, cored and chopped
  * 2 celery stalks, peeled and chopped
  * 1 to 2 garlic cloves, minced
  * 5 to 6 cups broth (vegetable or beef broth)
  * 1 28-oz can peeled tomatoes with juices
  * 1 tsp dry oregano
  * ½ tsp paprika
  * Salt and pepper
  * ¾ cup dry small pasta like ditalini or small shells
  * ½ cup chopped fresh parsley



* * *

### Instructions

  1. Place the meatball ingredients in one large mixing bowl. Drizzle a little extra virgin olive oil. Mix until the meat mixture is well incorporated.
  2. Form the mixture into meatballs about 1 ½ tablespoon each (whatever size you choose, stick to it). Arrange the meatballs on a large, lightly oiled sheet pan and broil for 5 to 8 minutes until browned (they will cook some more in the soup).
  3. In a large pot, heat about 2 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil over medium-high heat. Add onions, carrots, celery, bell peppers, and garlic. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 5 minutes.
  4. Add broth and tomatoes. Season with oregano, paprika, salt and pepper. Cook over mediu/medium-high heat for 10 minutes.
  5. Add the meatballs and pasta. Cook for 10  minutes or until pasta is cooked.
  6. Remove from  heat and stir in parsley. Transfer to serving bowls, and if you like sprinkle a bit more grated Parmesan cheese. If you like heat, add some crushed pepper flakes. Enjoy!

### Notes

  * **Leftovers and storage:** You can store leftover meatball soup in the fridge for 3 days or so in a tight-lid glass container. Be sure the soup has completely cooled before you store in the fridge. Warm over medium heat, adding a little bit more liquid if needed.
  * **Can you freeze this meatball soup?** If you're making this as meal prep to freeze for a later time, do not add the pasta, instead make the recipe as stated without the pasta. Cool completely and portion in freezer-safe containers, leaving enough room at the top of each container, to freeze. Thaw in the fridge overnight. Warm over medium heat. Cook the pasta separately and add to the soup.
  * **Visit ouronline shop** to browse quality Mediterranean products including **extra virgin olive oils **and **spices.**

  * Prep Time: 20 minutes
  * Cook Time: 35 minutes
  * Category: Soup
  * Method: Stovetop
  * Cuisine: Italian

Keywords: Meatball Soup, Italian Meatball Soup

### Did you make this recipe?

Tag @themediterraneandish on Instagram and hashtag it #themediterraneandish

« Easy Hummus Recipe (Authentic and Homemade)

How to Cook Couscous Perfectly Every Time! »

## Welcome!

I so love having you here! Please join me and our growing community! You can
find me daily here...

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

## Reader Interactions

Please review Nutrition Disclosure. This post may include affiliate links

### Comments

  1. AV says

June 24, 2022 at 6:33 pm

Live this recipe! Made it a few times and I add red wine to the broth..really
gives it great body! Enjoy!

★★★★★

Reply

  2. Sandi says

April 21, 2022 at 1:33 pm

Hi Suzy! I made this soup last night and it was absolutely delicious! My whole
family loved it. Definitely plan on making it again.

Thanks,  
Sandi

Reply

    * Suzy says

April 25, 2022 at 10:53 am

Yay! Thank you so much!

Reply

  3. Martha Fox says

April 14, 2022 at 7:19 pm

Delicious

Reply

  4. dawn butler says

March 10, 2022 at 9:22 am

This is just not my kind of soup. But for some reason it sounded good. So I
made it and served to friends the next day. Ohmygoodness! So delicious! Even
better a couple days later! I then made a batch of just the meatballs and
froze them for future use. I may make a meatball sandwich. I love your recipes
and really enjoy your videos! Thanks so much!

Reply

    * Suzy says

March 10, 2022 at 1:30 pm

So glad you enjoyed it, Dawn!

Reply

  5. Liz says

February 21, 2022 at 7:24 pm

I made this today to have for tomorrow. I did sneak in a small bowl to taste
test. Mmmmmmmmm good!!  
This is soooo gooood!

Reply

    * Suzy says

February 22, 2022 at 10:34 am

Thanks, Liz!

Reply

  6. Christina says

February 21, 2022 at 11:25 am

I can tell this is going to be amazing when I make it. What would you suggest
in place of breadcrumbs-- to help me stay on my Keto journey?

★★★★★

Reply

    * Suzy says

February 22, 2022 at 10:29 am

Hi, Christina. I'm not super familiar with Keto, but I have seen almond meal
or almond flour offered as a breadcrumb substitute when making meatballs.
Honestly, not 100% sure if it will work here, as it's not something I've
attempted. If you give it a try, I'd love to hear how it turned out.

Reply

    * JAMA says

February 23, 2022 at 8:55 am

You can use crushed pork rinds for any kind of ground meat mixture instead of
bread crumbs. I'm not sure about almond flour but it will probably work?? But
I know the pork rinds will, I've done it!

Reply

    * Darla Sampley says

March 21, 2022 at 6:36 pm

Pork rind crumbs would work.

Reply

  7. Rebecca van Uum says

February 20, 2022 at 11:26 am

I made this last week - Oh.Em.Gee!!! My husband told me to put this in the
rotation - he could eat it every week!! Last night was a rough one and I
pulled out the leftovers. His comment was, "Next time, make it and let it sit
in the fridge for 2 days - this is even BETTER than the first night!!"
Definitely a winner!!

★★★★★

Reply

    * Suzy says

February 21, 2022 at 2:06 pm

Glad you both loved it! Thanks for taking the time to review :).

Reply

« Older Comments

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe rating _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### **Search for a recipe**

Search

Hi! Welcome to The Mediterranean Dish, your #1 resource for Mediterranean
recipes & lifestyle. I'm Suzy. I was born and raised in the cosmopolitan
Mediterranean city of Port Said, Egypt, a "boat ride" away from places like
Italy, Greece, Turkey, Lebanon, Palestine and Israel. Today, influenced by my
mother's tasty kitchen, and my extensive travels, I share easy wholesome
recipes with big Mediterranean flavors.  Welcome to my table. Read More about
Suzy

  *   *   *   * 

* * *

### Fresh Recipes to "Reset"

  * Baked Lemon Garlic Salmon Recipe

  * Traditional Greek Salad

  * Easy Chicken Caprese Recipe

  * Easy Greek Red Lentil Soup

### Pre-Order Now!

### Popular Recipes

  * Easy Authentic Falafel Recipe: Step-by-Step

  * How to Make Baklava

  * Spanakopita Recipe (Greek Spinach Pie)

  * Easy Homemade Chicken Shawarma

  * Easy Hummus Recipe (Authentic and Homemade)

  * Homemade Harissa Recipe (Video)

## Footer

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

Copyright (C) 2022 The Mediterranean Dish. An Elite CafeMedia Food Publisher.  
Privacy policy

  *   *   * 

BUY NOW

PRE-ORDER OUR COOKBOOK

Are you ready to follow the World's #1 Diet?

Tell me more!

No Thank you

  * E-cookbook of 20 Mediterranean diet recipes
  * Mediterranean diet shopping list
  * Our weekly meal plans

We want to help you on your new journey!

When you join our e-mail list, you will get for FREE:

By subscribing, you agree to receive periodic emails from The Mediterranean
Dish

JOIN NOW for FREE

Now go check your email to confirm your subscription and download your

free e-cookbook.



_**Also be sure to check your spam/junk/promotions folder if you don't
immediately see the email.**_

THANK YOU!!

