https://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/mexican-meatball-soup


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Recipes & Cooking
  * Drinks
  * Travel
  * Holidays + Events
  * News
  * F&W; Classic
  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Subscribe  Subscribe

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore Food & Wine

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * F&W Cooks

####  F&W; Cooks

Food and Wine presents a new network of food pros delivering the most cookable
recipes and delicious ideas online.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

####  Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

Looking to amp up your beef stew but unsure where to start? A slow cooker can
can take your comfort food to the next level.  Read More

    * 50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

####  50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

We’ve assembled a list of 50 of the world’s most reliable, inexpensive wines –
bottles that offer amazing quality for their price year in and year out.  Read
More

  * Recipes & Cooking

### Recipes & Cooking

See All Recipes & Cooking

    * Chicken
    * Comfort Food
    * Breakfast + Brunch
    * Salads
    * Desserts
    * Vegetables
    * Pasta + Noodles
    * Chefs
    * Meat + Poultry
    * Soup
    * Appetizers
    * Side Dishes
    * Fruits
    * Seafood
    * Special Diets
    * Cooking Techniques
    * Steal This Trick

  * Drinks

### Drinks

See All Drinks

    * Wine
    * Spirits
    * Coffee
    * Juices
    * Beer
    * Champagne + Sparkling Wine
    * Tea

  * Travel

### Travel

See All Travel

    * Wine Regions
    * Restaurants

  * Holidays + Events

### Holidays + Events

See All Holidays + Events

    * Valentine's Day
    * Halloween
    * Passover
    * Hanukkah
    * Christmas
    * Gifts
    * Super Bowl
    * Easter
    * Thanksgiving
    * New Year's Eve
    * Holiday Entertaining

  * News
  * F&W; Classic

### F&W; Classic

See All F&W; Classic

    * F&W; Classic Insider
    * Food & Wine Classic in Aspen

  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Subscribe  this link opens in a new tab

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Mexican Meatball Soup

# Mexican Meatball Soup

Rating: 5 stars

3545 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 3544 
  * 4 star values: 0 
  * 3 star values: 0 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 1 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 3,545 Ratings 
  * 1 Review 

Studded with zucchini, corn, and tomatoes, our brothy soup is comforting,
especially on chilly evenings. Oregano flavors both the liquid and the
meatballs. **Plus:** More Soup Recipes

By Food & Wine

May 2013

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Mexican Meatball Soup

Credit: (C) Sneh Roy

## Recipe Summary

Yield:

4

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1 tablespoon cooking oil 
  * 1 small red onion, chopped 
  * 2 jalapeño peppers, seeds and ribs removed, chopped 
  * 1 zucchini (about 1/2 pound), cut into 1/2-inch dice 
  * 2 1/4 teaspoons dried oregano, or 2 tablespoons chopped fresh oregano 
  * 1/2 teaspoon ground cumin 
  * 1 quart canned low-sodium chicken broth or homemade stock 
  * 2 cups water 
  * 1 1/2 cups drained canned diced tomatoes (one 15-ounce can) 
  * 1 3/4 teaspoons salt 
  * 3/4 teaspoon fresh-ground black pepper 
  * 1/2 pound ground beef 
  * 2 cloves garlic, minced 
  * 2 1/2 tablespoons dry bread crumbs 
  * 1 egg, beaten to mix 
  * 1 cup fresh (cut from about 2 ears) or frozen corn kernels 
  * 1 tablespoon lime juice 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

In a large pot, heat the oil over moderately low heat. Add the onion and half
the jalapeños and cook, stirring occasionally, until the onion is translucent,
about 5 minutes. Add the zucchini,1 1/2 teaspoons of the dried oregano, if
using, and 1/4 teaspoon of the cumin and cook, stirring, until the zucchini
starts to soften, about 3 minutes.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Add the broth, water, tomatoes, 1 1/4teaspoons of the salt, and 1/2 teaspoon
of the black pepper; bring to a simmer. Simmer for 15 minutes.

  * Step 3

Meanwhile, in a medium bowl, combine the ground beef, garlic, the remaining
jalapeño, 1/4 teaspoon cumin, 3/4 teaspoon dried oregano or 1 tablespoon of
the fresh oregano, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon black pepper, the bread
crumbs, and the egg. Shape the mixture into 24 meatballs, about 1 inch in
diameter.

  * Step 4

Add the meatballs and corn to the soup and simmer until the meatballs are just
done, about 5 minutes. Stir in the lime juice and the remaining 1 tablespoon
fresh oregano, if using.

##  Suggested Pairing

The oregano, jalapeños, and cumin here would give most wines a run for their
money, but a lusty red Zinfandel is spicy and rich enough to face those
powerful ingredients without flinching.

Advertisement

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews (1)

Add Rating & Review

Sort by:  Newest

Newest Oldest

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 1 stars

03/07/2022

It does not include how many servings or nutritional information!!

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Mexican Meatball Soup

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Mexican Meatball Soup

##  All Reviews for Mexican Meatball Soup

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Food & Wine

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Books from Food & Wine
  * Contact Us
  * Advertise
  * Content Licensing
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithFood & Wine is part of the Meredith Corporation Allrecipes Food Group.
(C) Copyright 2022 Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Privacy
Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in a new
tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis link
opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Food & Wine. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.foodandwine.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Mexican Meatball Soup

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

