https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/12998/meatball-soup/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Soups, Stews and Chili Recipes
  4. Soup Recipes
  5. Noodle Soup Recipes
  6. Meatball Soup

# Meatball Soup

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.4

203 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 117 
  * 4 star values: 72 
  * 3 star values: 11 
  * 2 star values: 2 
  * 1 star values: 1 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 203 Ratings 
  * 164 Reviews 
  * 26 Photos 

A quick and hearty soup. I use frozen meatballs and cook 3-5 per person in the
soup. Garnish with grated Parmesan cheese.

Recipe by Lisa Dalby

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Meatball Soup

Add Photo

Meatball Soup Virginia Easley Johnson

Meatball Soup maya Brow

Meatball Soup Sharon Kish

Meatball Soup Veronica Daniels

\+ 22 22 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

10 mins

cook:

50 mins

total:

1 hr

Servings:

7

Yield:

6 -8 servings

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

7

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 7 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 2 quarts water 
  * 20 small meatballs 
  * 2 (8 ounce) cans tomato sauce 
  * 2 cubes beef bouillon cube 
  * ½ teaspoon dried oregano 
  * ½ teaspoon dried basil 
  * ¼ teaspoon dried thyme 
  * salt to taste 
  * ground black pepper to taste 
  * 2 stalks celery, sliced 
  * 2 carrots, sliced 
  * 1 clove garlic, minced 
  * 1 cup elbow macaroni 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Bring water to a boil in a large saucepan. Add meatballs, tomato sauce,
bouillon, oregano, basil, thyme, salt and pepper to taste, celery, carrots,
and garlic, and simmer for 30 minutes.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Add macaroni and cook until pasta is done. Top with parmesan cheese to serve.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

256 calories; protein 16.7g; carbohydrates 22.5g; fat 10.7g; cholesterol
66.5mg; sodium 713.3mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (164)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

The Bunny Chef

Rating: 5 stars

03/28/2003

Excellent soup!! It made me think of minestrone. Instead of beef broth, I
added a packet of Lipton's Onion Soup Mix to the boiling water. I didn't have
celery, so I put in corn. I really recommend that! Next time, I'll put in
corn, celery, carrots, green beans, broccoli or cauliflower, and garbanzo
beans. Also, I made my own meatballs (just made up my own recipe with ground
beef, shredded cheddar, egg, milk, fresh bread crumbs, salt, pepper, lots of
garlic powder and oregano) and that took hardly any work and it's just nicer
when you make them yourself! I also added a couple teaspoons of Italian
seasoning in place of the herbs mentioned, no salt... It was great! Next time
I'll also red some crushed red pepper flakes. I used shells instead of
macaroni and increased it to one and a half cups.

Read More

Helpful (110)

### Most helpful critical review

BECCAP

Rating: 3 stars

06/20/2009

i was a bit disappointed with this recipe. i was sold on the photo and
obviously the person who photographed their soup thickened the broth
substantially. as written the broth is just that - a broth - and this is very
much a soup and not a stew. i doubled both the amount of meatballs and pasta
and still found it to be too "brothy" for my taste. i cooked it in the slow
cooker so adding cornstarch to thicken wasn't really an option, but i might
try to make is again and thicken up the sauce so it is more like a stew. the
flavor wasn't bad but it just wasn't what i was expecting when i began
preparing it. oh well!

Read More

Helpful (35)

203 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 117 
  * 4 star values: 72 
  * 3 star values: 11 
  * 2 star values: 2 
  * 1 star values: 1 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

The Bunny Chef

Rating: 5 stars

03/28/2003

Excellent soup!! It made me think of minestrone. Instead of beef broth, I
added a packet of Lipton's Onion Soup Mix to the boiling water. I didn't have
celery, so I put in corn. I really recommend that! Next time, I'll put in
corn, celery, carrots, green beans, broccoli or cauliflower, and garbanzo
beans. Also, I made my own meatballs (just made up my own recipe with ground
beef, shredded cheddar, egg, milk, fresh bread crumbs, salt, pepper, lots of
garlic powder and oregano) and that took hardly any work and it's just nicer
when you make them yourself! I also added a couple teaspoons of Italian
seasoning in place of the herbs mentioned, no salt... It was great! Next time
I'll also red some crushed red pepper flakes. I used shells instead of
macaroni and increased it to one and a half cups.

MrsHappyHomemaker

Rating: 4 stars

10/06/2006

This was pretty good. I did change a few things. I omitted the celery &
carrots all together. I added 30 meatballs instead of 20, and also increased
the pasta by 1/3 cup. It was looking kind of runny, so I also added a small
can of tomato paste. Instead of using the individual spices, I used 2
tablespoons of italian seasoning. I will be making this again. Its very easy,
and quick to make!

NJSS2000

Rating: 4 stars

03/13/2003

Quite delicious. I added a few tbsps of jar spaghetti sauce and used shell
pasta in place of the macaroni, since that is what I had in my pantry. Thanks
Lisa!

BECCAP

Rating: 3 stars

06/20/2009

i was a bit disappointed with this recipe. i was sold on the photo and
obviously the person who photographed their soup thickened the broth
substantially. as written the broth is just that - a broth - and this is very
much a soup and not a stew. i doubled both the amount of meatballs and pasta
and still found it to be too "brothy" for my taste. i cooked it in the slow
cooker so adding cornstarch to thicken wasn't really an option, but i might
try to make is again and thicken up the sauce so it is more like a stew. the
flavor wasn't bad but it just wasn't what i was expecting when i began
preparing it. oh well!

HILARYISME

Rating: 5 stars

01/18/2004

I made this today while hubby was outside shoveling snow. It got a resounding
thumbs up from frozen hubby as well as two thumbs up from my 5 year old son
and 7 year old daughter. I had to make a few substitutions due to what was in
the house. Luckily I had about 25 frozen meatballs from the last time I cooked
and had left-overs. No celery and only a small amound of carrots, so in went a
can of corn. We were a little low on spices, so in went an envelope of Lipton
Savory Herb with Garlic. I used some spaghetti sauce instead of tomato sauce,
and at the end just added some already cooked noodles to the soup. It was just
wonderful, and I'll be making this soup time and time again. Thanks to Lisa
for submitting this one!

trooworld

Rating: 5 stars

06/12/2007

This was pretty good. We used vegetarian meatballs, which were good in it. The
broth was a little thin and a little bland, I think the next time I will add
some tomato paste to thicken it up. I also thought the taste of the oregano
and the thyme was a little overpowering. The next time, I will leave out the
thyme altogether and reduce the amount of oregano, but add some more garlic.
Good, just needs some tweaking. I agree with someone that said not to use more
than the recommended amount of macaroni, overnight it did soak up a lot of the
broth. **UPDATE** I made it again, adding a small can of tomato paste, another
bouillon cube and a total of 3 garlic cloves...I left out the thyme, only used
1/4 tsp of oregano and left everything else the same. It was fantastic! I
think the next time, I will cook it for about 35 mins before I add the
pasta...the veggies were a little crunchy still...now it's a 5 star!

MINNIE000

Rating: 4 stars

03/19/2004

It's a good soup. I changed a few things though. I made it in my slow cooker
and used rice instead of pasta (pasta doesn't do well in the slow cooker). I
just boiled water in my kettle and poured it into the slow cooker. I didn't
have any oregano so I used Italian seasoning. I also didn't have any bouillon
cubes so I didn't use them. Of course, the soup needed salt to replace to beef
flavour. I would use more garlic too. (I love garlic!) I used 2 cloves, but
I'd probably use 4 or 5 next time. If I were to make it again I would probably
add more tomato and less water. I like a little thicker soup. And I also used
corn in place of celery and carrots however, I think all of the above and a
few more would be good too. But overall, good soup. I like the fact that I
could modify to work in the slow cooker!

kammieplease

Rating: 5 stars

11/30/2010

This recipe was excellent! It was also very easy...and I like easy on the
weekdays. I am sure the recipe is good "as is" but I did change a few things.
Instead of water I used low sodium chicken broth, only 1 8oz can tomato sauce,
added 1 14oz can of diced tomatoes, I added 1/4 tsp red pepper flakes, 1
package onion soup mix, and 1 extra cup of elbow macaroni. No salt. I will
definitely make this again! Thank you!

Lori

Rating: 4 stars

12/02/2010

I found this soup to have an excellant flavor yet it was a bit thin so I added
a 6 oz. can of tomato paste and some slices of mushroom and zuchinni. We
seasoned it with red pepper flakes because we do that at my house. Nice hot
meal with crusty bread and salad.

AUGRATIN

Rating: 5 stars

01/13/2011

This was a perfectly easy recipe and well liked by my family. I think I would
use broth next time for more flavor as well as tomato paste. I added a couple
bay leaves, some chopped onion and a little more tomato sauce. Next time I
will leave the cooked macaroni on the side so it doesn't get too mushy for the
next day or freezing. Thank you for the submission!

Lovemyfamily09

Rating: 5 stars

04/29/2010

Very tasty. A few "on hand" changes. I added italian seasoning along with the
other spices. I substituted the macaroni noodles for Farfalle, and instead of
tomato sauce I used 2 cans of tomato soup with the water directions (one can
of water per). I sauted the onion, garlic and celery together, and I also
added chopped mushrooms to the sautee. Then I cooked the noodles separately as
I put all the remaining ingredients in the pot along with 2 tbsp of tomato
paste, as my hubby loves thicker stews instead of brothy soups. Turned out
thick and yummy! Too thick almost, had to add a touch more water during the
last minutes of stirring after adding the farfalle. :)

LTLBITZ

Rating: 4 stars

02/21/2008

I was in the mood for soup and I came across this recipe. I am giving it four
stars because I did not go off exactly what was in the recipe, I just used
what I had on hand. Instead of two cans of tomato sauce, I replaced it with a
jar of italian vegetable tomato sauce and 1 can of diced tomatoes. Instead of
boullion cubes, I replaced that with 1 can of beef broth and quartered the
meatballs. I also sauteed the carrots, celery and garlic first before I added
the rest of the ingredients. The soup turned out really good, very kid
friendly. Will make again.

JAK3G

Rating: 4 stars

10/22/2010

I thought this was a great soup! It is so easy to put together with
ingredients on hand. Changes I made: 2 cans beef broth and the rest water for
the liquid, one can tomato sauce, one can tomato paste, 3 cloves garic. Easy
and tasty!

Melanie

Rating: 5 stars

01/16/2011

My husband and I both love this soup. I usually increase the amount of
macaroni because we love pasta, but this soup is delicious and extremely easy
to make as written. Perfect for winter nights.

Mom2WowKids

Rating: 5 stars

01/29/2011

This is the best meatball soup I've ever tasted! It's fantastic. My mother in
law was impressed and asked for this recipe. I didn't change a thing. It's
perfect as is!!

Me

Rating: 5 stars

01/19/2011

We just had this about 10 minutes ago. It is quick and easy to make. I made a
lot of changes though based on what I have on hand. I decreased the amount of
water and meatballs. We have the precooked Italian meatballs from Sams and
they were big ones. I also used Italian seasoning for the herbs. No celery and
no tomato sauce. Instead I used just plain water and seasoned according to my
liking. I wanted it to be a little thicker so I added about half a cup of
white rice and it did the trick. I have very picky twin toddlers and their
bowls were empty. Hubby loved it coming home from a very cold evening drive.
This recipe saved me tonight and this is truly a keeper. Thanks so much for
sharing.

IMVINTAGE

Rating: 4 stars

01/18/2007

I cut the recipe in half & used a can of italian diced tomatoes instead of
tomato sauce, used beef base instead of boullion & celery seed for celery. I
added a couple of tbp of worcestershire, Mrs Dash tomato basil & garlic
seasoning, chopped shallots, & frozen corn & simmered it all for about an hour
before adding the meatballs. Topped our bowls w/ shredded asiago cheese....was
perfect for a very cold, winter evening. Thsi was very much like a goulash
soup but for us, that's a good thing. Thanks for the recipe, Lisa Dalby!

Jenet_B

Rating: 4 stars

01/30/2011

Excellent. I made homemade turkey meatballs then added the tomato paste and
bay leaves. Fantastic! Light and delightful!!

carreenie

Rating: 5 stars

01/18/2011

Love, love, loved it! I did change it up a bit with what we had in the house.
But it was great. Used tomato soup instead of sauce and only one bouillon
cube. And no celery, but I did add 1 extra cup noodles, and I will add at
least one more cup again(3 cups total) next time. It was wonderful, thank you
for sharing!

Misty M

Rating: 5 stars

01/31/2011

Excellent! Will make again.

Paulette J

Rating: 5 stars

11/07/2010

Soooo good! This is similar to a family tradition recipe that I can not
locate. I also find it similar to a minestrone or minestra (depending on what
your family calls it). I only did one can of tomato sauce as I did not want it
so "tomatoey". I will make again!

NOWAGEORGIAGIRL

Rating: 4 stars

03/22/2011

this was a really good soup. i didn't have carrots so i doubled the celery,
plus i like onion in soups, so i added half a chopped onion. i sauted that in
a few tablespoons of olive oil to soften veggies then added the garlic for a
bout a minute before adding the liquid and tomato sauce. i also added a little
marjoram and rosemary ( i like those flavors) in addtion to the spices listed.
had i not been feeding it to my kids, i would have added crushed red pepper
flakes. i had uncooked, frozen meatballs in my freezer that i threw in and
simmered and they were completely cooked in the 30 minutes. they were really
good even though they hadn't been browned like you would get having pre-cooked
them in the oven or stovetop. I didn't have any parmesan cheese on hand so i
let my kids sprinkle a little mozzerella on top. my 7 year old commented "mom,
it tastes like pizza"! so i guess it was a hit!! i'll definately be making
this again. i doubled the recipe and cooked the noodles separately so i could
freeze the leftover soup without soggy noodles. when we eat the leftovers,
i'll just boil more noodles and add them and voila!! looks like i made it from
scratch again that night!!

gnulph

Rating: 5 stars

11/03/2010

I usually read reviews before I begin.. so just took everyones advice... I
added thick and zesty tomato sauce, less water and extra garlic. very tasty.
Little to zesty for hubby, but that is ok with me.

QueenKey

Rating: 4 stars

02/24/2011

I have made this twice now. Everyone loves it. I love how quick and easy it
is. I used ready made meatballs and when I found out we were having company
the second time, I added a can of diced Italian tomatoes This one is a keeper.
Thank you!

Beth Woerter Fournier

Rating: 5 stars

11/16/2010

So delicious!!! I omitted the celery and added fresh sliced mushrooms and
green peas. Even my picky 8 year old loved it! I used small shells instead of
elbow macaroni as well. Will make again!!!

COUCHDOGS

Rating: 4 stars

08/08/2003

good way to use up frozen meatballs, I added extra carrots, cellery and a can
of mushrooms which were good. I also used egg noodles and that worked out. The
number of meatballs can be altered, I added almost double to what was called
for

pattiann1126

Rating: 4 stars

01/15/2011

a keeper

trevan35

Rating: 5 stars

03/10/2011

This soup was amazing and simple. I did not have beef broth on hand, so I used
a package of onion soup mix and added corn and onions. The family was happy.

Lori Christopoulos

Rating: 4 stars

02/09/2011

This was very good. Next time I will add a couple more cloves of garlic and
maybe even an a small onion.

SWEETJAM

Rating: 4 stars

08/30/2010

This was really tasty and easy to do. Bonus I had all the ingredient in my
pantry. The only changes I made was to sauté the the veggies in a little evoo
before the water went in. Then followed the recipe exactly except for adding 2
cups of macaroni instead of one. Actually 1 1/2 would have been perfect.
Thanks for sharing.

Chunky Monkey

Rating: 3 stars

03/11/2011

I thought this was a good base to get started with. I found the broth to be
bland so next time I will add an extra beef boullion cube or 2 and some tomato
paste to thicken it up as suggested by another review. It also needs salt and
pepper. I added some fresh spinach leaves towards the end of cooking time for
added flavor and color.

carrottop

Rating: 5 stars

12/13/2009

I made this for a bunch of guys for an athletic event and they loved it! I
started out browning the meatballs. I sauteed a chopped onion, 3 minced garlic
cloves, the celery and carrots together. I put everything in a large pot, but
added the water last to the consistency I liked. I like a lot of pepper which
gave it some umph. Yummy! I will definitely make this again. Thanks!

Janet Thurston

Rating: 5 stars

03/21/2011

Easy! I made it with spaghetti sauce as a substitute for tomatoe sauce and
spices (although added garlic) and it was perfect. Put it beside a grilled
cheese sandwich and kids and all will love it!

Corie Browning

Rating: 5 stars

12/13/2011

Very delicious!

MRS. F.

Rating: 4 stars

10/04/2010

more like a meatball chowder than a soup if you put uncooked pasta in... good
flavor, but will probably use cooked pasta next time so it doesn't get
starchy. My husband liked it!

lefinley

Rating: 5 stars

07/19/2011

{Update} I made this again today for about the 5th time and I was checking out
some of the comments since the last time I made it. Many say it is too brothy.
It may "appear" that way as it is cooking but once you add the pasta and it
plumps up it is much thicker. This really is a wonderful soup as directed and
a great base to "add on" if you like.{end Update} Made as directed -
delicious! It was wonderful with crusty bread! Thanks for sharing.

Cathy

Rating: 4 stars

08/26/2010

I really enjoyed this soup. I took advice and I put tomato paste in my soup. I
also added 1 can of tomato sauce, and then added 1 can spaghetti sauce and 1
can fire roasted tomatoes. I also added the corn. The corn was delicious.
Thank you for submitting this recipe I will make this again.

itsjustbonnie

Rating: 4 stars

04/04/2011

I used the recipe as a base then added my own touch by including bell
perppers, carrots, mushrooms, onion and corn. I put all ingredients in the
slow cooker and added the pasta just before serving. The base was a bit strong
on tomatos so I added a can of chicken broth. This was a wonderful, hearty
dish! More of a stew than a soup.

linda

Rating: 5 stars

11/14/2010

This a really good recipe I added a shot of Chardonnay and no celery.

Kristy Hopkins

Rating: 5 stars

11/15/2011

Excellent!! I have to admit, I was very skeptical while it was cooking, I kept
tasting the broth & it just seemed bland.....we tend to like bold flavors..but
the flavors really do come together!!Only thing I did different was to add a
chopped onion and used beef broth instead of the bouillon...and a little
splash of white wine...would've preferred to use red but didn't have any on
hand. Excellent soup, whole family loved it!

redjackrussel

Rating: 5 stars

03/03/2011

easy, fast and good!

Veronica

Rating: 4 stars

11/18/2011

This is a great base recipe...I added some additional ingredients and it
turned out delicious. I added tomato paste like a previous reviewer suggested,
a little more dried basil to taste, cut up fingerling potatoes, corn, 2 table
spoons of heavy cream (4 servings). The soup turned out thicker and creamier
like tomato bisque. My boyfriend and I mixed in the sauce from the Chipotle
Peppers in adobo sauce (comes a a small can, can get at any Mexican grocery
store). It was a great meatball soup with a little kick. Definately making
this again :)

shawn

Rating: 5 stars

12/08/2011

love this quick simple and a hit with the kids

SuziandBear

Rating: 5 stars

05/11/2010

My 5 year old daughter made this. I cut the carrots and celery and smashed the
garlic and she did all the rest. She was so proud of herself. I used a can of
tomato sauce, a can of stewed tomates and a small can of paste. I also used 1
tsp of italian seasoning and whole wheat egg noodles because that is what I
had on hand.

AmberK

Rating: 5 stars

03/21/2011

just cook on medium high when you add the pasta to cook off the excess
liquid:)

LolaMama

Rating: 4 stars

03/30/2011

This was okay - I used fire roasted diced tomatoes instead of tomato sauce and
used orzo for the pasta. I added about half an onion sauteed in olive oil for
a couple minutes before adding the carrot, celery, and garlic. Then added the
meatballs and liquids along with some red pepper flakes for flavor. Pretty
good, but didn't get raves at the dinner table. It does get brownie points for
being easy - a great use for pre-made meatballs.

COTECOTE

Rating: 5 stars

11/02/2009

Never heard of this soup before! So glad I tried it. I did add about 30+
meatballs and about 2 to 2 1/2 cups of macaroni to it so it was more like a
stew. The next day it was more like chop suey so I just added more water and
tomato sauce. Great flavor and a differnt way to use up meatballs!

MCGBishop

Rating: 4 stars

09/20/2011

I changed this recipe quite a bit, but it was a great base to go from! I
wanted to share some of my changes for ideas for others! I made my meatballs
from scratch and cooked them in the slow cooker all day with the broth. It
added a lot of flavor! I added canned tomatoes, green beans, and fresh
mushrooms as my veggies. It was amazing! Turned out really great!

barbmc

Rating: 1 stars

05/05/2011

Very watery, little flavor in broth. Made by my class and they were all
disapointed. three different times. Maybe the suggestions by others would
help. I would not make this recipe again without making changes

heavensshadow

Rating: 5 stars

05/28/2009

Excellent recipe...a "grown up" version of Spaghetti-O's. I've made this a
number of times now. It's a great base to get adventurous with as you can add
and subtract veggies. I may try to make it a little more saucy and less soupy
next time to see if I like it that way, too.

Connie Lynn

Rating: 5 stars

01/11/2012

Good basic base - I used 1 8oz tomato sauce and 1 10 oz tomato puree - The
thickened up the broth with 2 cups of macaroni instead of one - I also added a
couple of radishes and a few more cloves of garlic and a 3rd bullion - Its a
about how you like it to taste - Now what I like about this soup is once my
husband eats all the meat balls out of it, I can fry up some hamburger meat or
ground pork and add to it- Then there is a different meal - I also like to add
croutons on top with the parm cheese - There is just 2 of us and it goes far

Terry Gajewski

Rating: 5 stars

10/01/2009

Mmmmm. Quick and easy.

Diana Naas

Rating: 5 stars

05/10/2010

Made this soup today for lunch. It is cold and raining and windy here so I
wanted something easy for me to make. MY husband does all the cooking and he
said this was very good and that is a compliment. Diffently will make this
again

SPCNUT

Rating: 5 stars

01/16/2012

Excellent soup! My husband's favorite -- in fact he has requested this soup
for his birthday dinner. The only thing I change is that I use spaghetti sauce
instead of the tomato sauce since it has most of the spices in it already.

Marci

Rating: 4 stars

05/23/2011

This soup is a hit in my family since we love meatballs. My family likes it
without the pasta though. Also, I added crushed red pepper flakes which gives
it a kick. Marcie

Brett Sutherland

Rating: 4 stars

06/12/2010

I thought this was pretty simple and good. I did change a few things up a bit.
I eliminated the celery and the carrots, used 4 cans of the tomato sauce and
put 1/3 more pasta in. I should have left the pasta at 1 cup, because it's a
little more pasta than I would have liked. I also used frozen Italian
meatballs from the grocery store to cut some time out.

JENNY-REDS

Rating: 4 stars

08/24/2011

Good way to use up leftover meatballs and sauce that I had sitting around.
Reminds me of a minestrone.

Jennifer Nadermann

Rating: 5 stars

05/25/2009

I have made this 2-3 times now and it is always delicious. Couldn't be easier.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

01/13/2002

Good soup. I doubled the recipe and added about a teaspoon of sugar to enhance
flavor. Angela

SweetBasil

Rating: 4 stars

09/29/2003

Just had to make a pot of soup this weekend & this sounded great, which it
was. I softened 1/2 a chopped onion with 4-5 cloves of garlic in a little
olive oil before adding all the remainder of the ingredients. I also added a
1/2 of a sliced zucchini. I used crushed tomatoes instead of tomato sauce, as
that' what I had. Made my own homemade meatballs, and dropped them in the
simmering soup and let cook for about 2 hours. Yummy!

Linda Noble

Rating: 5 stars

01/09/2012

tried it, loved it, now it is a new family favorite. Next time I plan on
serving this with Cheddar Bay Biscuits. YUMMY! ( my picky eater loved it!)

Tess

Rating: 5 stars

02/24/2002

Good family recipe. I served over a thick slice of buttered sour dough bread
w/more on the side. Husband liked it better than the kids, but they liked it,
too. Everyone ate it! I loved it.

alwaysmoonie

Rating: 3 stars

01/10/2012

Frankly, I would rate 5 stars for the wise budget, however, I take 2 stars off
for the taste. Dont get me wrong about the soup. It was very good, but I am
not crazy for the "pasta" soup. The soup was very thick as I let the elbow
pasta absord the runny liquids after I turned the stove off. Actually my picky
kids loved them so much. I may make it again in next month for kids' sake.
Also the aroma smelled so sweet and good. Thank you for the recipe!

GREATGIG

Rating: 5 stars

11/06/2007

This was a gppd base to start with. I did make several changes such as I added
a small amount of chopped onion and sauted that with the celery in some
butter. Then I added the garlic (5 cloves...we love garlic) and the sliced
carrots and cooked for about 1 minute. To that I added 2 cans of beef broth
and enough water to come to 2 quarts. Then the tomato sauce along with a can
of diced tomatoes, the beef bouillon cubes, the recommended spices which I
also added 1 tsp. Italian seasoning, dash of cayenne pepper, dash of tabasco
sauce and a little Worcestershire sauce. Added the meatballs after about 5
minutes. I used rigatoni noodles as I didn't have any macaroni on hand and
added a can of corn (drained) when these were added along with a squirt of
ketchup for the sweetness. Everyone in my household loved this soup. The only
thing I'll do differently next time is add additional carrots, maybe add some
frozen green beans and/or diced zucchini for some extra veggies.

Gretchen Voshell Hall

Rating: 4 stars

01/17/2012

This was good! I did doctor it with a bit more garlic & celery salt (as I
didn't have any celery). I also added 1.5 cups of pasta & one can of garbanzo
beans. I enjoyed it & will make this again!

BETHANNE770

Rating: 5 stars

12/06/2008

I totally used creative license with this recipe, but am thrilled to know that
you can use frozen meatballs in a soup! 5 Stars!! I used extra tomato sauce, a
can of stewed tomatoes, beef broth instead of water, frozen mixed veggies
instead of celery, a bay leaf, 1 lb. bag of turkey meatballs, and dittalini
pasta. I think that's all the changes, and it was absolutely delicious with
some italian bread. It's a fantastic base recipe, do what you like to it and
it will still turn out great!

Bill Ystad

Rating: 5 stars

01/07/2003

Have cooked this soup many times and it has become a family favorite. Have
added a chopped onion, can of diced tomato's, quartered the meatballs.

Donna

Rating: 5 stars

02/26/2007

This soup was very good. I heard things like, "can we have this every night"
from the kids. Next time I would add more vegtables and alittle more of the
spices. Otherwise it was great.

HKWEDDLE

Rating: 4 stars

08/19/2008

Good recipe. I used extra meatballs and extra macaroni to beef it up a little
bit. Next time I think that I would add more vegetables and maybe one more can
of tomato sauce. But it was delicious and easy and I will definitely be making
this again!

GABESGIRL

Rating: 5 stars

12/02/2007

Delicious and Hearty. I added 1 extra can of tomato sauce and two tablespoons
of tomato paste to thiken it up. A also added potatoes and half an onion
chopped and used turkey meatballs. Perfect on a cool day!

A. Snyder

Rating: 4 stars

12/10/2008

My kids & I enjoyed this soup, it was quick & easy to make. I bought some
meatballs,shell noodles. Instead of reagular carrots I used baby carrots.

angeldylanluke

Rating: 4 stars

02/19/2012

Made this soup last night...and I used pre-packaged meatballs. The soup was
AWESOME....the meatballs were gross, but that's not the fault of the poster. I
disposed of the meatballs, browned up a lb of ground beef and threw that in.
SOOOOO MUCH BETTER! I'll make it that way from now on if I don't make my own
meatballs!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

03/03/2002

Quick and easy recipe. Great for a cold afternoon. I added crushed red pepper
and it was great.

perkinda

Rating: 4 stars

10/31/2007

I used turkey meatballs and added an additional carrot and onion. I also added
2 cups sliced cabbage and about 1 1/2 cups of cubed (large) zucchini and 1
diced tomatoe. It was good...

SAMPZ

Rating: 4 stars

12/27/2008

zac thought it too spicy

LESIL

Rating: 5 stars

10/11/2000

It's so quick and easy. We especially enjoy it the second day!

mstrgardener

Rating: 5 stars

04/21/2008

Great for the kids!!!

Kelly

Rating: 4 stars

02/10/2014

If you want thinner soup follow the recipe. If you want very thick and hearty
soup: 1 jar (24oz) spaghetti sauce, about a cup shredded zucchini, 1 can corn,
three celery stalks (sliced), 2 carrots (sliced), 2 cups beef broth (I used
Better Than Bouillon Beef Flavor), 1 can of drained and rinsed cannelloni
beans, 1/2 tsp oregano, 1 tsp basil, 2 minced gloves of garlic, at least 25
small meatballs, 1 1/2 cups pasta, and 8 oz tomato sauce. I topped it with a
little cheese, DELICIOUS! Either way, it's a very easy recipe.

CNMHARRISON

Rating: 5 stars

02/22/2006

Very tasty. My 18 month old who is learning to talk kept saying "more, more".
I added extra italian seasoning, garlic, and beef boullion. My only comment is
that the soup base was a little thin for my taste, so I added some cornstarch
to thicken it up a little bit. Next time I might try tomato paste instead, but
I didn't have any on hand. All in all, a good recipe.

NEWCOOKRUB

Rating: 5 stars

03/15/2005

This was a great soup. The family loved it. Its really fulfilling.

KRAEZDAY

Rating: 5 stars

05/09/2014

Wonderful soup. Used extra beef base and a can of tomato soup (because it's
what I had), but I doubt these changes made much difference. Highly recommend
this soup!

cstrong

Rating: 5 stars

10/16/2012

I have made this soup 4 or 5 times now. It is so good in the fall and winter!
I usually add a little less water and only one bullion cube - to cut down on
sodium. I will also add what ever veggies I have on hand. This is also really
good with kale or spinach in it.

Christina Risinger

Rating: 4 stars

01/28/2014

I made very minor adjustments. Lol extra noodle, lol cornstarch to thicken the
base, added onion soup mix, made my own meatballs. Very good recipe. My 4 year
old didnt like it though.

tab

Rating: 5 stars

06/20/2014

I used 1 pint stewed tomato and 1 can tomato paste instead of tomato sauce.
Run it thru blender

Amy K.

Rating: 5 stars

11/17/2009

I've made this soup for quite some time now, but just getting around to rating
and submitting a picture. This is a winter staple around our house. Everyone
loves it. I add a bag of frozen mixed vegetables instead of just the carrots
and celery. Delicious with the italian spices.

WarrenandSue Jantz

Rating: 5 stars

11/02/2012

As some complained it was too brothy,I added crushed tomatoes ( 1 cup ) and
diced tomatoes in addition to the tomato sauce. I didn't have any beef broth
or beef buillon cubes so I added a package of brown gravy mix and two onion
broth packets to also add flavor again looking at others comments that it
needed more . I used Italian seasoning and upped the garlic. I cooked it in
the crock pot on low for 5-6 hours. It was delish!

Kadence Marie

Rating: 3 stars

11/14/2013

This recipe was a great starting point: I found I added some of my own stuff
to make it to my liking! But thank you for a great start! I found that I liked
using 1 can of diced tomatoes in addition to the tom sauce, and I added a can
of tomato soup. I used about 6 C of water and a lot more beef bouillon. My
favorite part about this soup was that it was almost like a minestrone, plus
the meatballs!

DREGINEK

Rating: 4 stars

01/23/2013

Very good recipe. I took the idea of the slow cooker: I put meatballs,
carrots, celery, onions and garlic in a pot with beef broth. Added the dry
onion seasoning per another reviewer. Started on high around 1030 am.....with
an hour or so left to go, I added the sauce AND a can of Italian seasoned
diced tomatoes. Kept at high and added the noodles with apprx 30 min left.
Cooked until noodles were done. It was on my dinner table at 615pm. Very good
and again....easy easy. Thank you!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

12/20/2000

I made my own meatballs for this recipe, it was great!!

Tracy

Rating: 3 stars

01/11/2004

only add a sm amt of noodles, I used lg noodles & they got too soft later

mkstevens09

Rating: 4 stars

02/21/2013

I made a few changes to this that made it turn out delicious, but by the time
I was done, the original recipe had become more of a guideline than anything
else. I started off by halving the amounts of liquid and added more things
after that. I used: 1 Qt Water 25 reduced fat turkey meatballs 1 8oz can
tomato sauce 1 6oz can tomato paste (to thicken and add flavor) 15oz can diced
tomatoes, drained 1 chicken bullion cube Full amount of spices called for 2
cloves garlic handful of diced baby carrots handful of frozen corn 1/2 cup
elbow noodles handful of fresh spinach added at the same time as noodles I
served this topped with shredded sharp cheddar and it was delicious.

Kirsten Finnigan

Rating: 5 stars

09/17/2006

Family hit! Doubled the meatballs and used more pasta (med. shells, 'cause
that's what I had). Everyone clapped for me at the table!

beth

Rating: 5 stars

07/17/2006

This was great! I added some onion on a whim, but it turned out too onion-y. I
can definitely tell, though, that it will be great next time around.

Deirdre

Rating: 4 stars

03/19/2007

This was a good recipe and my family loved the soup! I had to make quite a few
adjustments though. First, I used big meatballs because that's what I had on
hand. I added a lot more garlic and about 1/2 a cup of diced tomatoes. It
seemed to be a bit bland, so I added a few tablespoons of onion soup. Also, I
covered the soup before I put in the pasta. It turned out beautifully, but I
would recommend a few changes for a tastier soup. Thanks for the recipe!

Brynn1114

Rating: 4 stars

10/13/2012

ok, kids like it

sometimes low-carber

Rating: 5 stars

10/16/2012

Easy and tasty, great for a last-minute, pull-together meal. I always keep
frozen meatballs on hand and this comes together fast.

Becky Rusmisel Williamson

Rating: 4 stars

09/20/2012

This was really good but I changed it up a bit so I only gave it 4 stars. I
used diced tomatoes instead of tomato paste, used orzo pasta instead of
macaroni, added a can of white beans and cut the meatballs into quarters. Like
an easy minestrone.

CHOCO CHIP

Rating: 3 stars

01/26/2014

This had a great broth but it was kind of greasy. Maybe it was the meatballs I
used.

Sherry614

Rating: 5 stars

11/21/2013

Super good and easy! I used 4 cups veggie broth, 2 cups water and a package of
onion soup mix. Used an extra clove of garlic and some red chili flakes for a
touch of heat. Added Dreamfields low-carb rotini at the end and cooked it
directly in the broth. Warm and hearty soup that satisfies for a winter meal.
This one is a keeper. Next time, I'll make some cheesy garlic bread for the
side. YUMMO!

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Meatball Soup

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Meatball Soup

##  All Reviews for Meatball Soup

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Meatball Soup

Servings Per Recipe: 7  
Calories: 255.5  

% Daily Value *

protein:  16.7g  33 %

carbohydrates:  22.5g  7 %

dietary fiber:  2.6g  10 %

sugars:  4.3g

fat:  10.7g  17 %

saturated fat:  3.8g  19 %

cholesterol:  66.5mg  22 %

vitamin a iu:  3781.2IU  76 %

niacin equivalents:  5.6mg  43 %

vitamin b6:  0.2mg  15 %

vitamin c:  6.8mg  11 %

folate:  60.5mcg  15 %

calcium:  69.1mg  7 %

iron:  2.9mg  16 %

magnesium:  42.7mg  15 %

potassium:  573.6mg  16 %

sodium:  713.3mg  29 %

thiamin:  0.2mg  23 %

calories from fat:  96.6

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Meatball Soup

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 164

Meatball Soup

1 of 26 Meatball Soup

Virginia Easley Johnson

Meatball Soup

2 of 26 Meatball Soup

maya Brow

Meatball Soup

3 of 26 Meatball Soup

Sharon Kish

Meatball Soup

4 of 26 Meatball Soup

Veronica Daniels

Meatball Soup

5 of 26 Meatball Soup

JenB

Meatball Soup

6 of 26 Meatball Soup

luv2cookfor4

Meatball Soup

7 of 26 Meatball Soup

Steve Jones

Meatball Soup

8 of 26 Meatball Soup

theresa

Meatball Soup

9 of 26 Meatball Soup

Stephiejo

Meatball Soup

10 of 26 Meatball Soup

Karen

Meatball Soup

11 of 26 Meatball Soup

Roxann Keith

Meatball Soup

12 of 26 Meatball Soup

melissad

Meatball Soup

13 of 26 Meatball Soup

Cynthia

Meatball Soup

14 of 26 Meatball Soup

Alfreda Richardson

Meatball Soup

15 of 26 Meatball Soup

Marie. Edgington

Meatball Soup

16 of 26 Meatball Soup

Christine Koss

Meatball Soup

17 of 26 Meatball Soup

Monica Madison

Meatball Soup

18 of 26 Meatball Soup

mssea319

Meatball Soup

19 of 26 Meatball Soup

ladynquestion

Meatball Soup

20 of 26 Meatball Soup

ShariaNicole

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Meatball Soup to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Meatball Soup

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

