https://therecipecritic.com/meatball-soup/


Skip to content

  * About
Follow us on Social:

Blog Lovin'Blog Lovin Facebookfacebook Twittertwitter Instagraminstagram
Pinterestpinterest RSSRSS Feed

Search for Submit

The Recipe Critic

  * Favorite
  * Pin
  * Share

SearchToggle Menu

  * Recipe Box
    * All Categories
    * Meal Plans
    * Breakfast
    * Appetizers
    * Side Dishes
    * Dinner
    * Desserts
    * Beverages
    * Soup Recipes
    * Salads
    * Sauces
    * Keto
    * Holiday/Season
      * Easter
      * Spring
      * Summer
      * Fall
      * Thanksgiving
      * Winter
      * Christmas
      * Valentine's Day
  * Breakfast
  * Appetizers
  * Dinner
  * Desserts
    * Brownies
    * Cake
    * Cheesecake
    * Candy
    * Cookies
    * Donut
    * Frozen Treats
    * Fudge
    * Ice Cream
    * Pudding
  * By Ingredient
    * Chicken
    * Beef
    * Pork
    * Turkey
    * Vegetables
    * Fruits
    * Cheeses
    * Chocolate
    * Cinnamon
    * Seafood
    * Fish
    * Pasta
    * Nuts
    * Bacon
  * By Cooking Type
    * Instant Pot
    * Slow Cooker
    * Baked
    * 30-Minute
    * Smoked
    * Skillet
    * Grilling
  * More 

Search for Submit

Home » Soup Recipes » **Delicious Meatball Soup**

Soup Recipes

# Delicious Meatball Soup

by **Alyssa Rivers** January 9, 2022Jump to Recipe

  * Favorite
  * Pin
  * Share

 _This website may contain affiliate links and advertising so that we can
provide recipes to you. Read myprivacy policy._

This meatball soup is hearty and full of fantastic flavor. It only takes about
30 minutes to cook up and can be made with homemade or frozen meatballs! It's
a MUST TRY recipe for sure!

I love a good, hearty soup! Try out this delicious chili, yummy tomato basil
soup, and this loaded baked potato soup. They are all perfect for family meals
and everyone will love them.

## What is Meatball Soup?

I love meatball soup not only because it tastes so good but because it's so
filling and has everything in it! It has your protein, veggies, and pasta that
are all made in a tomato-based sauce. And do you know what it means when you
make everything together in one pot? That you don't have to cook extra sides!
You can be done with one recipe with it being cooked all together. I mean, I'm
sure that no one will object to a roll or some extra veggies if you decide to
make some extra anyway!

This soup has the best seasoning mixture. The meatballs really soak it in and
then you add in the orzo and vegetables and then when you eat them all
together well… Let's just say that you will only stop eating this because you
will be too full to eat any more! My kids even love this soup and when I can
get kids to eat a recipe then it's a winner in my book!

## Ingredients in Meatball Soup

Don't let the length of this ingredients list scare you! They are all common
ingredients. In fact, you probably already have most of these ingredients in
your kitchen! See the recipe card at the bottom of the post for exact
measurements.

  * **Olive oil:** This is used to cook the vegetables in. 
  * **Onion:** Mince up your onion into small pieces. 
  * **Carrots:** When slicing your carrots then make sure to cut them up into pieces that are similar in size. That way they will cook evenly. 
  * **Zucchini:** I didn't peel my zucchini for this recipe! I just cut it up into small pieces.
  *  **Garlic:** The minced garlic brings a great taste to this soup! 
  * **Diced Italian tomatoes  (undrained): **Diced tomatoes come in different flavored sauces so make sure to double check that when you are buying yours. 
  * **Beef broth:** This will be the base of the soup and bring in a lot of flavor. 
  * **Italian seasoning: **You can use what you have or make your own using this Italian seasoning recipe. 
  * **Onion powder:** Onion powder brings a subtle flavor to the soup.
  *  **Salt:** Use as much or little salt as you feel the meatball soup needs. 
  * **Meatballs:** You can use fully cooked frozen or homemade meatballs. 
  * **Dry orzo:** I like using orzo because of it's size and texture but you could use any dry small pasta.
  *  **Marinara sauce:** Use homemade or storebougth marinara sauce. If you don't have any then you can use canned tomato sauce instead.
  *  **Fresh parsley and fresh parmesan cheese:** You will use these to garnish the top of the soup.

## Let's Make Some Soup!

Because this meatball soup uses pre-cooked meatballs, it is super fast to
make! Within 30 minutes, you will have delicious meatball soup on your table
and ready to eat!

  1. **Heat oil:** In a large pot, add olive oil and heat over medium high heat.
  2.  **Add in vegetables:** Add onion, carrots, and zucchini. Then, cook for 5 minutes or until slightly soft. 
  3.  **Mix in garlic:** Add the minced garlic and cook for 1 minute.
  4.  **Stir:** Pour in the tomatoes, beef broth, Italian seasoning, onion powder, and salt. Then stir until combined.
  5.  **Add in meatballs:** Add in the meatballs, pasta, and marinara sauce. Simmer for 10 minutes until the meatballs are warmed through and the pasta is soft.
  6.  **Garnish and serve:** Serve with fresh parsley and parmesan cheese.

### Recipe Tips

This soup is perfect for a cold winter day and it's so amazing that the entire
family will enjoy it! Here are a few tips that will help this soup turn out
perfectly.

  * **Meatballs:** You can use fresh or frozen meatballs. Just make sure that they are pre-cooked! 
  * **Vegetables:** I like to use fresh vegetables in this but you can use frozen if that's all that you have on hand. 
  * **Pasta:** Orzo pasta is what I use most often but you can use penne, bowtie or any other pasta that you like!

### How to Store Leftovers

This meatball soup makes great leftovers! Store it in your fridge in an
airtight container. It will last 3-4 days. To reheat it you can just warm it
up in your microwave for 1-2 minutes or until it's heated through!

### More Meatball Recipes to Try

Meatballs are so versatile! They are used as entrees, appetizers, in
sandwiches and all sorts of other recipes! I have rounded up a few of my
favorite meatball recipes that you are sure to enjoy. These tried and true
favorites will soon be on your weekly meal rotation, you will love them that
much!

Dinner

### The Best Swedish Meatballs

Dinner

### Mozzarella Stuffed Meatballs

Dinner

### Slow Cooker Honey Buffalo Meatballs

Dinner

### Quick and Easy Air Fryer Meatballs

## Delicious Meatball Soup

No ratings yet

This meatball soup is hearty and full of amazing flavor. It only takes about
30 minutes to cook up and can be made with homemade or frozen meatballs! It's
a MUST TRY recipe for sure!

Prep Time 10 minutes

Cook Time 20 minutes

Total Time 30 minutes

Author Alyssa Rivers

Servings: 6 bowls

PrintReview

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * ▢ 1 Tablespoon olive oil
  * ▢ 1/2 onion, minced
  * ▢ 2 large carrots, sliced
  * ▢ 1 cup zucchini, chopped
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon garlic, minced
  * ▢ 1 (15 ounce can) diced Italian tomatoes (undrained)
  * ▢ 6 cups beef broth
  * ▢ 1 Tablespoon dried Italian seasoning
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon onion powder
  * ▢ 1  teaspoon salt to taste
  * ▢ 1 1/2 pounds meatballs, frozen or homemade (fully cooked)
  * ▢ 1 cup dry orzo, or dry small pasta of choice
  * ▢ 1 cup marinara sauce  or canned tomato sauce
  * ▢ 3 Tablespoons fresh parsley, chopped
  * ▢ 1/2 cup fresh parmesan cheese, grated

* * *

### Instructions



  * In a large pot, add olive oil and heat over medium-high heat.

  * Add onion, carrots, and zucchini. Cook for 5 minutes or until slightly soft. 

  * Add the minced garlic and cook for 1 minute.

  * Pour in the tomatoes, beef broth, Italian seasoning, onion powder, and salt. Stir until combined.

  * Add in the meatballs, pasta, and marinara sauce. Simmer for 10 minutes until the meatballs are warmed through, and the pasta is soft.

  * Serve with fresh parsley and parmesan cheese.

* * *

### Video

* * *

### Nutrition

Serves: 6

Calories460kcal (23%)Carbohydrates26g (9%)Protein26g (52%)Fat28g
(43%)Saturated Fat10g (50%)Polyunsaturated Fat3gMonounsaturated
Fat13gCholesterol82mg (27%)Sodium1580mg (66%)Potassium817mg (23%)Fiber3g
(12%)Sugar5g (6%)Vitamin A4420IU (88%)Vitamin C12mg (15%)Calcium73mg
(7%)Iron3mg (17%)

_All nutritional information is based on third party calculations and is only
an estimate. Each recipe and nutritional value will vary depending on the
brands you use, measuring methods and portion sizes per household._

Course Dinner, Soup

Cuisine Italian

Keyword meatball soup

Tried this recipe?Mention @alyssa_therecipecritic or tag #therecipecritic

### Share The Post!

Share on FacebookPin on PinterestShare via Email

16 Quick & Easy 30 Minute Recipes!

(plus weekly recipe updates)

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Your First Name *

Your Email Address *

Comment

Sign me up!

### Alyssa Rivers

I am Alyssa and the blogger behind The Recipe Critic. I started my blog in
June of 2012 as a place to share my passion for cooking. I love trying new
things and testing them out with my family.

Read More Posts by Alyssa

facebook twitter pinterest instagram

###### Categories

### Reader Favorites

Home » Soup Recipes » **Delicious Meatball Soup**

Breakfast

## Quick 45 Minute Cinnamon Rolls

Home » Soup Recipes » **Delicious Meatball Soup**

Desserts

## Homemade Reese's Eggs

Home » Soup Recipes » **Delicious Meatball Soup**

Desserts

## Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Bars

Home » Soup Recipes » **Delicious Meatball Soup**

Soup Recipes

## Best Ever Chili Recipe

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Δ

### Popular Articles

Home » Soup Recipes » **Delicious Meatball Soup**

Breakfast

## Quick 45 Minute Cinnamon Rolls

Home » Soup Recipes » **Delicious Meatball Soup**

Desserts

## Homemade Reese's Eggs

Home » Soup Recipes » **Delicious Meatball Soup**

Desserts

## Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Bars

The Recipe Critic

Search for Submit

  * Contact
  * Meet the Team
  * Meet Alyssa

#### Recipes

  * Appetizers
  * Desserts
  * Dinner
  * Salads
  * Sides
  * Soup Recipes
  * Dressings, Sauces, and Dips
  * Breakfast
  * Beverages

#### About

  * Contact
  * Meet the Team
  * Meet Alyssa

#### Social

Blog Lovin'Blog Lovin Facebookfacebook Twittertwitter Instagraminstagram
Pinterestpinterest RSSRSS Feed

The Recipe Critic (C) 2022 * All rights reserved .

An Elite CafeMedia Food Publisher

  * Recipe Box
    * All Categories
    * Meal Plans
    * Breakfast
    * Appetizers
    * Side Dishes
    * Dinner
    * Desserts
    * Beverages
    * Soup Recipes
    * Salads
    * Sauces
    * Keto
    * Holiday/Season
      * Easter
      * Spring
      * Summer
      * Fall
      * Thanksgiving
      * Winter
      * Christmas
      * Valentine's Day
  * Breakfast
  * Appetizers
  * Dinner
  * Desserts
    * Brownies
    * Cake
    * Cheesecake
    * Candy
    * Cookies
    * Donut
    * Frozen Treats
    * Fudge
    * Ice Cream
    * Pudding
  * By Ingredient
    * Chicken
    * Beef
    * Pork
    * Turkey
    * Vegetables
    * Fruits
    * Cheeses
    * Chocolate
    * Cinnamon
    * Seafood
    * Fish
    * Pasta
    * Nuts
    * Bacon
  * By Cooking Type
    * Instant Pot
    * Slow Cooker
    * Baked
    * 30-Minute
    * Smoked
    * Skillet
    * Grilling
  * More 

  * About
Follow us on Social:

Blog Lovin'Blog Lovin Facebookfacebook Twittertwitter Instagraminstagram
Pinterestpinterest RSSRSS Feed

Search for Submit



