https://www.dinneratthezoo.com/meatball-soup/


  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * Twitter

  * About
  * Contact Me
  *     * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * RSS
    * Twitter

Dinner at the Zoo

  * All Recipes
  * Dinner
  * Appetizers
  * Dessert
  * One Pot Meals
  * Slow Cooker
  * Asian Food

Home » Soup » Italian Meatball Soup

Published: January 17, 2019 Last Modified: March 4, 2019 By Sara 75 Comments

# Italian Meatball Soup

  * Pinterest
  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Email

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

 _This Italian meatball soup is tender beef meatballs, vegetables and pasta,
all simmered in a rich tomato broth. An easy dinner option that 's perfect for
a busy weeknight!_

My family happens to love meatballs, especially the kids. I make sure to put
meatballs on our dinner menu on a regular basis. I often do cheesy meatballs
or Greek meatballs with rice, but sometimes I like to mix things up a bit and
serve this hearty meatball soup.

Soup is always a great option when it's cold outside, and I find myself making
this meatball soup constantly during the winter months. It has similar flavors
to the classic spaghetti and meatballs, but in soup form. Best of all, my kids
adore it and happily eat the veggies in this soup!

## How do you make meatball soup?

The first step is to make your meatballs. We're going Italian style here, and
these meatballs contain seasoned breacrumbs, herbs and spices, parmesan
cheese, garlic and an egg to bind everything together. I broil my meatballs to
brown them, and this step ensures that the meatballs will hold their shape in
the soup.

While the meatballs are in the oven, I make the base of the soup which
includes carrots, onion, celery and plenty of tomato. After the meatballs come
out of the oven, they go into the soup to simmer away with the vegetables. The
final step is a handful of pasta, which cooks in the broth until tender.

## Tips for Meatball Soup

  * I use 90% lean ground beef. It has plenty of flavor but is not overly greasy.
  * You can use any short pasta you like for this soup. I use ditalini, but other great choices are macaroni, rotini or orzo pasta.
  * This soup makes great leftovers, but just be aware that the pasta will continue to soak up the broth as it sits in the fridge. You may need to add more broth when you go to reheat your soup.
  * Meatball soup is hearty enough to stand alone as a complete meal, or you can serve it with a side of garlic knots.
  * I like to make my meatballs on the smaller side (about 1/2 inch to 3/4 inch in size), it's easier to eat them in the soup that way.

## Meatball Soup Variations

There are so many different ways to customize meatball soup - you can use
different types of meat, add more vegetables or change up the seasonings.

  * Sausage & Mushroom: Use 50% Italian sausage, 50% ground beef in the meatballs, and add 8 ounces of sliced mushrooms when you stir in the pasta.
  * Turkey & Spinach: Use ground turkey instead of beef, and swap out the beef broth for chicken broth. Add 2 cups of baby spinach leaves to the soup during the last few minutes of the cook time.
  * Veggie Lovers: Add 1 cup of frozen mixed vegetables during the last 5 minutes of the cook time.

I serve this meatball soup with a sprinkling of parmesan cheese and fresh
parsley for the perfect finish. Your family is sure to enjoy this soup as much
as my family does!

### More great soup recipes

  * Mexican Chicken Soup
  * Stuffed Pepper Soup
  * Mexican Meatball Soup
  * Cabbage Roll Soup
  * Hamburger Soup

Print Pin

5 from 37 votes

## Italian Meatball Soup

This Italian meatball soup is tender beef meatballs, vegetables and pasta, all
simmered in a rich tomato broth. An easy dinner option that's perfect for a
busy weeknight!

Course Soup

Cuisine Italian

Prep Time 20 minutes

Cook Time 35 minutes

Total Time 55 minutes

Servings 6

Calories 279kcal

Author Sara Welch

### Ingredients

#### For the meatballs

  * ▢ 1 pound ground beef I use 90% lean
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon minced garlic
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon dried Italian seasoning
  * ▢ 1/2 teaspoon dried parsley
  * ▢ 1 egg
  * ▢ 1/3 cup parmesan cheese finely grated
  * ▢ 1/3 cup Italian breadcrumbs
  * ▢ 1/2 teaspoon salt
  * ▢ 1/4 teaspoon pepper
  * ▢ cooking spray

#### For the soup

  * ▢ 2 teaspoons olive oil
  * ▢ 1/2 cup onion finely diced
  * ▢ 2 stalks celery sliced
  * ▢ 2 carrots peeled and diced
  * ▢ 15 ounce can crushed tomatoes do not drain
  * ▢ 16 ounce can tomato sauce
  * ▢ 6 cups beef broth
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon dried Italian seasoning
  * ▢ salt and pepper to taste
  * ▢ 3/4 cup dry short pasta such as ditalini
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons fresh parsley chopped
  * ▢ parmesan cheese for serving optional

### Instructions

  * Preheat the broiler.

  * For the meatballs: place all of the meatball ingredients in a large bowl. Stir with a large spoon or use your hands to combine all the ingredients. You can add a few teaspoons of water if needed to make the process easier.

  * Shape the meat mixture into small balls (1/2 inch to 3/4 inch in size). Place on a sheet pan lined with cooking spray. Coat the tops of the meatballs with cooking spray.

  * Broil for 8-10 minutes until meatballs are lightly browned.

  * While the meatballs are cooking, heat the olive oil in a large pot over medium heat. Add the onion, celery and carrots.

  * Cook the vegetables for 4-5 minutes. Add the crushed tomatoes, tomato sauce, beef broth, Italian seasoning, salt and pepper.

  * Bring to a simmer. Add the meatballs and pasta to the soup. Simmer for 10 minutes, or until pasta and vegetables are tender.

  * Top with parsley. Serve with parmesan cheese if desired.

### Nutrition

Calories: 279kcal | Carbohydrates: 18g | Protein: 24g | Fat: 12g | Saturated
Fat: 4g | Cholesterol: 80mg | Sodium: 640mg | Potassium: 982mg | Fiber: 4g |
Sugar: 8g | Vitamin A: 4145IU | Vitamin C: 16.5mg | Calcium: 167mg | Iron:
4.7mg

Tried this Recipe? Tag me Today!Mention @DinnerAtTheZoo or tag
#dinneratthezoo!

  * Pinterest
  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Email

Filed Under: Dinner, Soup

## FREE TOOLKIT: 5 Secrets to Meal Planning

Learn my _5 Meal Planning Secrets_ & get my Meal Planning Toolkit...FREE!

Yes, Sign Me Up!

​  
​

**Still hungry? Follow Dinner at the Zoo onFacebook, Twitter, Instagram and
Pinterest for more great recipe ideas!**

« Cashew Chicken

Green Beans Almondine »

### Comments

  1. Sandy says

May 21, 2022 at 12:56 am

  
I was supposed to make a wedding soup, HOWEVER, the recipe called for chicken
broth, which I didn't have any, then I found this recipe, OMG! I CANNOT WAIT
to hear the comments tomorrow!  
I also used a beef base to go along with the beef broth then added fresh
spinach to use up the ingredients from the wrong soup!  
I'm thinking I'll have to make it for my honey too sometime soon!  
Thanks for this recipe!

Reply

  2. Karen says

March 8, 2022 at 9:03 pm

  
I had to make a few substitutions because of what I had in the house! Chicken
stock instead of beef. A pack of shake & bake instead of breadcrumb & Herbs de
Provence instead of Italian, Ragu instead of can tomato sauce & penne noodles.
This was 'next level' good! I made the garlic knots to go with it & my 9 yr
old is asking for thirds! Thanks so much for the inspiration!

Reply

  3. Debs Fellowes says

March 3, 2022 at 7:37 am

  
I love this soup as it is so easy to make and also easy to substitute things
if you don't have the exact ingredients in the recipe, as long as you have the
basics it works. If I make this during the week after a busy day at work I
will use sausage meat for the meatballs (squeezed out of the skins) and add
dried herbs and garlic for extra flavour, I always add garlic to the broth as
I just love the stuff! It's so versatile. After saving leftovers for the next
day and there being no juice left at lunchtime (I was at work so I could not
add extra broth) I decided after that to cook the pasta needed for the meal
separately, dish it into the bowls per portion and ladle the soup/meatballs on
top. Go with what you have in the fridge/freezer and trust your instincts, if
your family like chilli then add it, if they prefer a certain vegetable over
another then go with that, this is a great base for customizing to your own
personal taste.

Reply

  4. Brent Howlett says

February 27, 2022 at 2:37 pm

  
I had homemade meatballs in the freezer from a recipe that is similar to the
one here. I added a bit of garlic, but otherwise followed the directions here.
It was terrific. My wife and I both liked it a lot, plus I had all the
ingredients in my kitchen, Looking forward to the leftovers.

Reply

  5. Deborah says

February 23, 2022 at 8:34 pm

  
Delicious, just the perfect flavor i was looking forward too! Needed something
different and this hit the spot. Thank you!!!!

Reply

  6. Hls says

February 14, 2022 at 3:22 am

I am making this in the slow cooker function of my instant pot. Apparently my
3 quart instant pot is too small for this recipe so I used 4 cups of beef
broth instead of six and I only used the can of crushed tomatoes no tomato
sauce. I also used frozen meatballs and frozen vegetables but I use the fancy
expensive good frozen meatballs. To be honest with you it smells fantastic
even before I turn the heat on so I am excited. I think it’s gonna turn out
pretty good and it’s a very cheap recipe. If you already have herbs and spices
on hand and if you use a cheaper brand of meatballs the total cost of the
recipe will probably around $11 which is not bad for four or five servings .
Mind you it’s cheap because I’m using frozen vegetables instead of fresh

Reply

  7. Heather says

February 7, 2022 at 11:26 am

Can you use chicken or turkey meatballs with chicken broth instead of beef?

Reply

    * Sara says

February 7, 2022 at 1:37 pm

Yes that's totally fine!

Reply

  8. Sandy says

February 6, 2022 at 8:55 am

  
Delicious! I used canned grape tomatoes because it’s what I had in the pantry,
and added a bag of mixed frozen mushrooms that were in my freezer. A perfect
soup for a chilly Saturday afternoon!

Reply

  9. Michele says

January 16, 2022 at 1:02 pm

  
Can I substitute diced tomatoes for crushed.

Reply

    * Sara says

January 17, 2022 at 5:25 pm

yes that's fine!

Reply

  10. Robin Reid says

January 13, 2022 at 10:07 am

I haven't tried it yet, but wondering if I can freeze it or can it (preserving
Jars)?

Thanks  
Ronin

Reply

    * Sara says

January 13, 2022 at 2:09 pm

Freezing should be fine, unfortunately I am not experienced in canning so I
can't say if that would work!

Reply

  11. Craig M Thompson says

January 5, 2022 at 11:59 am

Sara,  
Just to let you know I'm making this delishous looking Italian meata ball
soup, tonight for our supper….👍  
I hope it tastes as yummy as it looks. BTW, I also added green pepper,
mushrooms, Brussels sprouts, and lastly zucchini. We will be having this
between 5-6:00.

Reply

    * Hhh says

February 13, 2022 at 2:21 pm

It’s called dinner not supper

Reply

      * LindaP says

March 1, 2022 at 12:23 am

Dinner/supper depends on what part of the country you live in!!

Reply

      * Angia says

March 12, 2022 at 5:25 pm

Supper every night, at home. Dinner is enjoyed in restaurants 😋 Bless your ❤️

Reply

  12. Mom 2 Picky Eaters says

January 4, 2022 at 8:44 am

  
I love soup and this recipe is a keeper! Perfect for a cold winter evening.
Only a couple small changes - I cooked the pasta separately and added a few
big handfuls of spinach 5 minutes before the soup was done. I also cheated and
used frozen meatballs from the grocery store. Thank you so much for this
recipe. I'm looking forward to making it again this winter!

Reply

    * Meg says

May 5, 2022 at 7:57 am

I’m hoping to use frozen meatballs too (I’m a big cheater!). How many did you
use? Did you just add them to the soup frozen or ?

Reply

  13. Gene says

December 19, 2021 at 3:16 pm

  
Those meatballs are off the chain! Very delicious, when combined with the
soup, oh man that is gooooood!  
Thanks for sharing.

Reply

« Older Comments

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

  
With 3 young kids, dinner can feel like feeding time at the zoo! I'm a mom on
a mission to create easy, healthy and family friendly recipes ...Read More

#### Grilling Recipes

## Steak Tacos Recipe

## Grilled Scallops with Lemon and Herbs

## Bruschetta Chicken

## The Best Pork Chop Marinade

## Grilled Flank Steak

## Grilled Mushrooms

More Posts from this Category

#### Featured Recipes

## Cajun Jambalaya Pasta

## Chicken Souvlaki

## Creamy Tuscan Chicken

## Slow Cooker Chicken Marsala

## FREE TOOLKIT: 5 Secrets to Meal Planning

Learn my _5 Meal Planning Secrets_ & get my Meal Planning Toolkit...FREE!

Yes, Sign Me Up!

​  
​

#### Categories

Categories Select Category Air Fryer Appetizers Asian Food Baking Breakfast
Brunch Cocktail Parties Comfort Food Cookies Crafts and Parties Cupcakes
Dessert Dinner Drinks Easter Easy Meal Plan Sunday Eat Your Veggies Everyday
Meals Featured Recipes Gluten Free Grilling Instant Pot Light & Healthy Lunch
One Pot Meals Pasta Quick & Easy Dinners Roundups Salads Sauces & Seasonings
Side Dishes Slow Cooker Smoker Snacks Soup Spring Recipes St. Patrick's Day
Uncategorized Vegetarian Dishes

PRIVACY POLICY  ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT  © Sara Welch and Dinner at the Zoo®
LLC, 2015-2022.

MENU & SEARCH

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * Twitter

  * About Me
  * Contact Me
  * All Recipes
  * Dinner
  * Appetizers
  * Dessert
  * One Pot Meals
  * Slow Cooker
  * Asian Food

