https://thecozyapron.com/meatball-soup/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Cozy Recipes
    * Appetizers
    * Soups
    * Salads
    * Entrees
      * Burgers & Sandwiches
    * Desserts
    * Breakfast
  * Videos
  * From the Heart
  * About
    * FAQ
    * Contact
  * Search

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Videos
  * From the Heart
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

×

Home / Soups / Meatball Soup

# Meatball Soup

January 29, 2021 by Ingrid Beer 11 Comments

 _My meatball soup is a wonderfully cozy recipe to prepare when a bit of extra
TLC is needed. Rich and brothy, filled with mildly spicy and tender beef
meatballs, white beans, plus an abundance of hearty veggies, this comforting
and healthy soup will warm your belly and sooth your soul!_

## The Coziness of a Meatball Soup

Soup is my friend, and it comforts, soothes and satisfies me to my little
core...

It's the type of meal I love to prepare when our bellies crave something
incredibly cozy and warming, something we can create a complete meal out of
when we pair it with crusty, homemade sourdough bread, or crisp croutons.

And because my hubby has always been a fan of albondigas (a spiced, Mexican
meatball soup) this gave me the inspiration to create my own unique version of
a meatball soup, a bit more brothy and Italian-inspired, as a tasty
alternative.

This delicious meatball soup is prepared with beef broth, and brimming with
fresh herbs, lots of vegetables such as carrots, celery, parsnips and fennel,
plus delicate white beans, all simmered up together with those tender and
lightly spicy meatballs. Vibrant kale is even added in at the end for an extra
dose of healthy greens!

For us, this savory meatball soup is the perfect meal to ladle into our bowls
and cozy up with while wrapped up in "blankies" on the couch, watching our
favorite evening shows.

It is the epitome of TLC in liquid elixir form, brimming with lots of
nourishment, both comforting _and_ healthy. And in my book, there's no better
combination.

### A Very Veggie-Full and Savory Meatball Soup Recipe

When it comes to preparing a meatball soup with lots of rich, earthy and deep
flavor, choosing some deliciously aromatic ingredients to add to both the
meatballs and the soup broth is the way to go.

For the juicy and savory beef meatballs, I use lean organic ground beef
seasoned with garlic, dried Italian herbs, a pinch of red pepper flakes, and
some parmesan cheese. Those ingredients, along with some salt, pepper,
breadcrumbs, eggs and milk, provide lots of flavor and create that tender
texture in the meatballs when gently simmered in the soup.

In the base of this delicious meatball soup I use an array of veggies
beginning with onion, carrot and celery, then adding diced fennel and parsnip
to round out the flavors.

White beans are added to the soup for a touch more texture, followed by kale,
fresh herbs, and a kiss of lemon for brightness.

 **Here's a peek at my meatball soup recipe:** (or just jump to the full
recipe...)

  1. I begin by preparing my meatball mixture, then roll into bite-size meatballs and set those aside.
  2. Next, the soup base is prepared, and once it begins to simmer, I carefully begin adding the meatballs into the soup, followed by my white beans, and allow things to gently simmer for about 45 minutes.
  3. After 45 minutes, I turn off the heat and add in my chopped herbs, kale, lemon juice and zest, and stir to incorporate. I ladle the meatball soup into bowls, and garnish with shaved parmesan and serve with fresh bread.

## Recipe

### Meatball Soup

 _by_ Ingrid Beer

Print Recipe

_This meatball soup is rich, hearty, and brothy, brimming with juicy beef
meatballs, tender white beans, plus an array of vegetables!_

 **Category:**Soup  
**Cuisine:** American

 **Yield:** Serves 8

 **Nutrition Info:** 362 calories per serving

 **Prep Time:** 35 minutes  
**Cook time:** 50 minutes  
**Total time:** 1 hour, 25 minutes

 **Meatball** Ingredients:

  * 1 pound lean ground beef
  * Salt
  * Black pepper
  * 1 clove garlic, minced
  * ½ teaspoon red pepper flakes
  * 2 teaspoons Italian seasoning
  * 2 tablespoons grated parmesan
  * 1 egg, beaten
  * ¼ cup milk
  * ½ cup panko (or regular) breadcrumbs

 **Soup** Ingredients:

  * 2 tablespoons butter
  * 2 tablespoons olive oil
  * 1 onion, finely chopped
  * 2 carrots, peeled and diced
  * 4 ribs celery, diced
  * 2 parsnips, peeled and diced
  * ½ fennel bulb, thinly sliced (about ¼ cup worth)
  * 1 tablespoon Italian Seasoning
  * Salt
  * Black pepper
  * 4 cloves garlic, pressed through garlic press
  * 8 cups beef (or chicken) stock (or broth)
  * 1 (14.5 ounce) can navy beans, drained and rinsed
  * 3 tablespoons basil, finely chopped
  * 3 tablespoons flat-leaf parsley, chopped
  * 2 cups kale, chopped to bite size
  * 1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice
  * 1 teaspoon lemon zest
  * ½ cup shaved parmesan cheese, for garnish
  * Crusty, rustic bread, to serve on the side

 **Preparation:**

  1. Begin by gathering and prepping all of the meatball ingredients according to the meatball ingredients list above to have organized and ready for use.
  2. To prepare the meatballs, combine the ground beef with a couple of good pinches of salt (about 2 teaspoons) and pepper, plus the remainder of the meatball ingredients in a large bowl. Using your hands, gently mix the ingredients together until well combined, and roll into bite-sized meatballs; set meatballs aside.
  3. Gather together and prep all of your soup ingredients according to the soup ingredients list above to have organized and ready for use.
  4. To prepare the soup, place a large soup pot set over medium heat, and add the butter and the oil; once melted together, add the onion, carrots, celery, parsnip and fennel. Stir gently and allow the veggies to sweat for about 3-4 minutes.
  5. Next, add the Italian seasoning, a couple of pinches of salt and black pepper, plus the garlic, and allow to become aromatic; once fragrant, add the beef stock/broth to the pot, and gently stir to blend all ingredients.
  6. Allow for soup to begin to simmer and gently bubble, and then carefully begin adding the meatballs into the hot soup; once all are added, give a gentle stir to move the meatballs around a bit. Now add the white beans, and allow the meatball soup to simmer on medium-low with the lid slightly askew for about 45 minutes, stirring occasionally.
  7. After 45 minutes, turn off the heat and add the basil, parsley, kale, lemon juice and zest, and give a gentle stir to incorporate. Allow soup to sit for 5-10 minutes.
  8. To serve, ladle the meatball soup into bowls and garnish with a generous sprinkling of the shaved parmesan cheese, and enjoy with a thick slice of the crusty bread.

### Tips & Tidbits for my Meatball Soup:

  *  **Lean organic beef for best flavor:** I opt for 85/15 lean to fat ratio when purchasing my ground beef, and also like to choose organic. The organic is slightly pricier, but the flavor and quality are much better. (You could also substitute pork, chicken or turkey for the meatballs, if you prefer.)
  *  **Beef or chicken stock:** While I prefer to use beef stock to reinforce the beer flavor in this meatball soup, you could absolutely substitute chicken stock here, or even veggie stock.
  *  **Kale or spinach, for added greens:** Hearty kale is my pick for hearty greens added in at the end here, but if you prefer to use spinach, feel free to add that. Either work well in this soup, and offer some extra nutrients.
  *  **Navy beans for delicate texture:** Navy beans are the tiny white beans that are almost pearl-like. I love these as their skins are more delicate, and they're a little prettier in the soup. However, feel free to use great northern beans or even cannellini beans, if those are what you have on hand.

Hungry for more cozy and comforting soups? Check out this Albondigas Soup,
this Beef Barley Soup, this Hearty Italian Chicken and Autumn Veggie Soup,
this Minestrone Soup with Meatballs, or this Philly Cheesesteak Stew!

 _Cook's Note: This recipe was originally published in 2012, and has been
updated with even more love!_

« Chicken Stew

Vegetable Pasta with Mozzarella »

#### About Ingrid Beer

Ingrid obtained her Culinary Arts degree in 2005 after graduating with honors
from the California School of Culinary Arts (Le Cordon Bleu program) in
Pasadena, CA.

She has had the pleasure and privilege of being the Executive Chef for two
substance abuse facilities in Malibu, Ca., as well as a personal chef for
private clients.

More about Ingrid →

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Dianna

March 10, 2012 at 12:04 am

Your soup looks and sounds delicious! Can't wait to try it!

Reply

  2. Shan

September 29, 2012 at 6:44 pm

The soup is amazing. Well done!

Reply

    * The Cozy Apron

September 29, 2012 at 8:17 pm

Thanks, Shan!

Reply

  3. Moon

January 09, 2013 at 4:36 pm

I made this a few months back and it was the best soup I've ever made... I'm
making it again tonight. Thanks for the wonderful recipe.

Reply

    * The Cozy Apron

January 09, 2013 at 5:20 pm

Hi Moon, it means a lot to me to have you come back and share what you thought
of the soup; thank you, and enjoy once again!

Reply

  4. Daniella Shaw

October 26, 2017 at 5:17 pm

Ahoj Ingrid, from one Slovak to another, this soup was so delicious! I'm so
glad I found your blog! This is the first recipe that I've tried and my
husband and I both loved it! I think the lemon at the end just brings all the
flavours together. Can't wait to try more of your recipes. All your soups look
amazing. I also love watching your videos. Love the music too. Making your
chicken stroganoff next

Reply

  5. Daniella Shaw

October 26, 2017 at 5:21 pm

Oh, I forgot to ask, does this freez well?

Reply

    * The Cozy Apron

October 26, 2017 at 6:19 pm

Hi Daniella, that is so awesome! "Ahoj" to you, too! What a small
world...We'll I'm thrilled you enjoyed the soup, and yes, I don't see why it
wouldn't freeze well. (I honestly have not tried it, but it should work fine.)
So glad you stumbled upon us here, and I hope you enjoy the stroganoff, as
well as other recipes! Happy cooking! ❤️

Reply

  6. David

December 30, 2019 at 12:50 pm

This recipe looks delightful and nutrient dense just the thing for my wife who
starting getting sick today. I will be making this today and sharing the
results.

Reply

  7. David

December 30, 2019 at 3:31 pm

This soup is tremendous! Thank you for sharing with us. I will definitely be
making this again.

Reply

    * The Cozy Apron

December 30, 2019 at 3:34 pm

Hi David, how sweet and nurturing of you to prepare this comforting soup for
your wife—I send my wishes for a speedy recovery and for healing her way!

Thanks so much for taking a moment to comment on your experience. I'm thrilled
you enjoyed the soup, and I hope you have a chance to peruse more of our
soup/stew recipes, as we have many that I'm certain you'd find equally
nourishing and comforting. 😉

Happy cooking to you!

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

 **Welcome to The Cozy Apron** — so glad to have you as a guest at my table!
Here's where I share my passion for food, people and life through my culinary
creations and my writing; and where my husband shares his love for food
photography and all things visual.

More about Ingrid →

### You might like these...

  * Potato Chip Chicken Strips

  * Lemon Chicken Salad

  * White Bean Salad

  * Banana Donuts

## In the Press

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * Ingrid Beer
  * Privacy Policy

### Newsletter

  * Sign up for emails and updates!

### Contact

  * Contact
  * FAQ

Copyright © 2022 **The Cozy Apron**

