https://sandhyahariharan.co.uk/tamarind-sauce/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * Instant Pot
  * Airfryer Recipes
  * Work with us
  * Search

29th June 2021

# Indian Tamarind Sauce Recipe

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin
  * Yummly

Jump to Recipe

**_Easy Indian Tamarind sauce_** to serve with Samosa, Onion Bhaji, and Pakora
- just like the one from your favorite Indian restaurants. This delicious
homemade tamarind dipping sauce is so easy to make, that you will never go
back to buying store-bought sauce again!

## TAMARIND CHUTNEY FROM SCRATCH

I have already shared recipes for Green Coriander Mint Chutney and Yogurt Mint
Sauce in my earlier posts. Have you tried them? Other than these, one other
dip, I absolutely love is this Tamarind Chutney. It's so so good that I always
have them stored in my refrigerator.

This is one of the most classic Tamarind Chutney, that is prepared from
scratch with ease. It has got Tamarind, Jaggery ( No refined sugar), water and
ground spice powders. Serve this Tamarind Dipping Sauce with your favorite
appetizers like Onion Bhaji or Vegetable Pakora or even Samosa's. It is also
delicious to serve with Chaat recipes ( Indian street food ).

Supermarkets like Tesco, Sainsbury's sell East End Tamarind Sauce or Maggi
Tamarina Sauce. Honestly, these sauces are good only for a quick fix, but no
way near to the restaurant-like version or the tasty Indian street vendor
version. Store-bought Tamarind Sauces also have preservatives and additives to
keep them fresh for long. Plus they are far too tart in taste.

When you make it at home, This sauce can be **prepped ahead,** stores well in
the fridge for up to 1 month, so it really works fo **r festive occasions or
even potluck parties** too! I **do not call this Sauce recipe quic** k,
because it does take about, 30 minutes of soaking time and 10 minutes of cook
time in total. **_But the recipe is certainly easy!_** Feel free to customize
the flavors to your liking.

Like the sauce, a bit sweeter, add about 3/4 - 1 cup Jaggery. For a spicer
Tamarind sauce, add a little more chilli powder. To make it healthier, add 1
cup of dates to the same recipe.

## Why make this Indian Tamarind sauce at home?

  * This **Tamarind Chutney sauce is so easy** to make that you will never ever buy it again from the store.
  *  **Make it in bulk** and store up to 6 months in the freezer or up to 1 month in the fridge.
  *  **Prep it ahead of time** and you have a supply of Tamarind Sauce all the time. 
  * **Budget-friendly** - So much **cheaper** and **healthier** than the store-bought sauce.
  * You know what goes into this Tamarind Dipping Sauce and you can add more opt-ins to make it healthier.
  * Use a dipping sauce or as a marinade for your recipes.
  *  **Vegan Dipping Sauce recipe** that uses no oil or butter!

## **INGREDIENTS YOU WILL NEED FOR MAKING TAMARIND SAUCE (IMLI CHUTNEY)**

You will need the following for making homemade imli sauce.

**Tamarind** - Tamarind Slab easily available in most Superstores. Look for
seedless tamarind if you get.

**Jaggery** can be bought from the Indian Grocery Store near you. Jaggery is
unrefined cane sugar made from cane juice. This adds authentic taste to the
Imli Sauce recipe. However, you can substitute with dark brown sugar if
jaggery is not available.

**Pitted Dates** can be used in the recipe for a healthier Sweet Tamarind
Chutney. **It is completely optional.** I do love to add dates, when I have
them in my pantry.

**Spice Powders** - This recipe uses Ground Cumin, Ground Fennel, Red Chilli
Powder, Chaat Masala, and Ground Ginger. Add Black Salt ( also known as Kala
Namak or Himalayan pink salt ) for added flavors - Optional

**Salt** - A little bit of salt will balance out the flavors well. ( I have
forgotten to include it in the ingredients image above… )

Water - To soak the tamarind and thin the pulp.

## **How to make Indian Tamarind Sauce step by step?**

  1. **Soak** - Add Tamarind to a bowl and then enough hot water from the kettle to cover it. Allow the tamarind to soak for about 30 minutes. To speed up the process, add the tamarind and hot water to a pan and boil for 15 minutes. 
  2. **Process** -Once the tamarind is cool to touch, squeeze the pulp by hand just enough to loosen it and then transfer the soaked tamarind to the blender jar and process. You may need to add about 1/2 - 3/4 cup of water for blending.
  3.  **Sieve Pass** - it through a mesh sieve to collect all the fiber on the top and the sauce at the bottom. Add a little more water if needed to push the tamarind paste through. 
  4. **Spice Powders** - Now add the spice powders, salt to the tamarind pulp, and stir to combine. 
  5. **Cook** - Place the pan on the heat, bring the sauce mixture to a rolling boil over medium-high heat and allow it to simmer for another 6-7 minutes. Continue to cook further if you like it thicker. 
  6. **Taste** - Taste and adjust the seasoning accordingly.
  7.  **Store** - Once the sauce has cooled down, transfer to a convenient glass jar or squirty bottle to serve. Store the remaining sauce in freezer-safe containers and freeze until needed.

## Tamarind Sauce recipe Variations

This Homemade Tamarind Dipping Sauce Chutney is versatile, so you can easily
customise the flavors. It's mildly Sweet, Tart and a bit spicy too!

For making Sweet **Tamarind Chutney** - Use 1 part of Tamarind, 1 part of
Pitted Dates, and 1 Part of Jaggery. Plus the spice powders mentioned in the
recipe card. This is also called Sonth CHutney and I have a detailed recipe
for Dates Tamarind Chutney .

For **Instant Tamarind Sauce recipe** - Use Tamarind Paste / Concentrate
instead of actual tamarind. It will cut down the cooking time by half.
Dissolve the tamarind concentrate in water and then add the spices mentioned
in the card.

## What to serve with this Indian version of Tamarind Sauce?

Serve appetizers like Samosa, Onion Bhaji, Pakora, or even Poppadom with this
Tamarind Dipping Sauce. Drizzle this Imli Chutney ( Tamarind Chutney ) on
Chaat recipes like Samosa Chole Chaat, Sev Puri, Dahi Puri, and even with Aloo
Tikki.

## Storing

Store this Tamarind Chutney in glass jars for up to 1 month in the fridge. And
up to 6 months + in the freezer section.

I like to store in Weck or Kilner or Ball mason jars as they keep the sauce
airtight.

## Can you Freeze it?

You can freeze this Imli Sauce (Tamarind Chutney ) in glass containers in the
freezer for 6 months +. Portion them into small containers and store them. To
Thaw the Chutney, transfer the sauce to the refrigerator and leave it
overnight and it will be ready to use the next day. Alternatively you can
defrost the sauce in the microwave.

Once Thawed, the chutney cannot be frozen again.

### HAVE YOU MADE THIS RECIPE?

Be sure to leave a  **comment**  and/or  ** _give this recipe a_  ★ rating!**

Post a photo of your creation on my  **Facebook** page, share it on
**Instagram**, or save it to  **Pinterest **with the tag
**#sandhyaskitchen**.  I would love to see your pictures!

**Subscribe to our weekly newsletters!**

## Easy Homemade Tamarind Sauce recipe below

## Tamarind Sauce recipe

5 from 6 votes

Print Pin Rate

Prep Time: 15 minutes

Cook Time: 10 minutes

Total Time: 25 minutes

Servings: 10

Author: Sandhya Hariharan

Try this Easy Make-Ahead Tamarind Dipping Sauce. It's sweet, tart with a hint
of spice - perfect with samosa, pakoras, and papadams. So much better than the
store bought stuff!

### Ingredients

  * 1 Cup Tamarind
  * 2½ -3 Cup Water
  * ¼-½ Cup Jaggery  grated
  * 1 Tsp Ground Cumin
  * 1 Tsp Red Chilli Powder
  * 1 Tsp Chaat Masala
  * ½ Tsp Ground Ginger
  * 1 Tsp Fennel Powder
  * 1/2 Tsp Black Salt or Kosher Salt Optional
  * Salt to taste

### Instructions

  * Add Tamarind to a bowl and then enough hot water to cover it. Allow the tamarind to soak for about 30 minutes.

  * Squeeze the pulp by hand a little and then transfer the soaked tamarind to the blender jar and process. You may need to add about 1/2 - 3/4 cup of water for blending.

  * Turn off the heat and transfer the ingredients to blender and process until it is smooth.

  * Pass it through a mesh sieve to collect all the fiber on the top and the sauce at the bottom. Add a little water if needed.

  * Add the spice powders to the tamarind pulp, and stir to combine.

  * Place the pan on heat, bring the sauce mixture to a rolling boil over medium high heat and allow it to simmer for another 6-7 minutes.

  * Continue to cook further if you like it thicker.

  * Add the salt, Taste and adjust the seasoning accordingly.

  * Once the sauce has cooled down, transfer to a convenient glass jar or squirty bottle to serve.

  * Store the remaining sauce in freezer safe containers and freeze until needed.

### Video

### Notes

For Sweet Tamarind sauce, add up to 1 Cup of Jaggery to the recipe. You can
either grate the jaggery or add the cubes.

For Sweet Tamarind Dates chutney, add 1 Cup of Pitted Dates, 1 Cup of Jaggery
to this recipe along with remaining spices.

Course: Appetizer, Dips, Snacks

Cuisine: Indian

Keyword: tamarind chutney, tamarind sauce

Tried this recipe?Mention @Sandhyaskitchen and Hashtag #sandhyaskitchen!

**LINKIES – I am linking this up to  Cook Blog Share Week 26**

Filed Under: Appetizers & Snacks, Condiments, Indian Street Food, Sauce

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Corina Blum says

29th June 2021 at 1:52 pm

  
I love tamarind sauce but I've never actually made it myself - I'll have to
investigate!

Reply

  2. Sanobar says

29th June 2021 at 10:39 pm

  
We love Tamarind Sauce that you get in the restaurants - However I never
managed to get the exact flavors .. Can't wait to try this easy recipe.

Reply

    * Sandhya's Kitchen says

30th June 2021 at 10:40 pm

How exciting!!! Do try this easy peasy Indian Tamarind Sauce. There are so
many ways to customize it to suit your palette. I have included them in the
recipe card for guidance.

Reply

  3. Choclette says

30th June 2021 at 5:38 pm

  
I use tamarind in cooking, but I don't think I've ever had it as a sauce. Have
got to try it now and I think I'll go with the date option. Just need to track
down some tamarind.

Reply

    * Sandhya's Kitchen says

30th June 2021 at 10:38 pm

Tamarind, Dates, and Jaggery make the most fabulous Sweet Tamarind Sauce… This
is simply yummilicious with samosa's and even poppadoms.

Reply

  4. Janice says

30th June 2021 at 7:39 pm

  
Wow, this sounds like such an intense flavour and so delicious!

Reply

  5. Cat | Curly's Cooking says

3rd July 2021 at 11:10 pm

  
This sounds so delicious! I'd love to dip some samosas into it!

Reply

  6. Eb Gargano | Easy Peasy Foodie says

6th July 2021 at 9:13 am

  
Yum! This looks so good! Eb 🙂

Reply

  7. Michael Schertz says

20th February 2022 at 1:26 pm

Hi, by red chiki powder do you mean cayenne powder?

Reply

    * Sandhya's Kitchen says

20th February 2022 at 10:20 pm

Red Chilli powder is an integral part of Indian cuisine and is different from
chili powder available in the US. In this recipe, you can substitute Cayenne
powder for Red Chilli Powder.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

## Primary Sidebar

HEY, NICE TO MEET YOU! Hi, I am Sandhya: - a former IT Engineer now Food
Blogger. We live in London and my favorite things are Chocolate, Camera and
long walks.

Welcome to Sandhya’s Kitchen!

Read More

### Never Miss A Recipe

Sign up to get new recipes via email.

Copyright(C) 2022 · SANDHYA'S KITCHEN  Privacy Policy

