https://greatcurryrecipes.net/2018/03/26/tamarind-sauce/


Skip to Content

Search Magnifying Glass

Search for: Close Search ×

  * Home
  * Indian Restaurant Recipes
    * Base Curry Sauce
    * Chicken Tikka Masala
    * Chicken Korma
    * Chicken Jalfrezi
    * Chicken Chilli Garlic
    * Chicken Chasni
    * Chicken Pathia
    * Chicken Dhansak
    * Lamb Bhuna
    * Lamb Dopiaza
    * Lamb Saag
    * Lamb Keema
    * Lamb Rogan Josh
    * Chicken Madras
    * Lamb Vindaloo
    * Lamb Phaal
  * Indian
    * Chicken
      * Chicken Curry Recipes
      * Other Chicken Recipes
    * Lamb
    * Seafood
    * Veggie
    * Sides
      * Top 10
        * Easy Poppadoms
        * Homemade Poppadoms
        * Perfect Basmati Rice
        * Stovetop Naans
        * Peshwari Naans
        * Meat Samosas
        * Vegetable Samosas
        * Samosa Chaat
        * Onion Bhajis
        * Tarka Dhal
        * Rice
        * Breads
        * Dhals
        * Chutneys
        * Pickles
        * Raitas
  * BBQ
  * Thai
  * Vietnamese
  * Chinese

Home » Tamarind Sauce

# Tamarind Sauce

By: Author Dan Toombs

Posted on Published: March 26, 2018

Jump to Recipe

## Freshly made tamarind sauce is so much better than anything you can
purchase.

There are many brands of **tamarind sauce** that you can purchase to make life
easy.

They are good but most are a lot sweeter than this version. I don't really
have a sweet tooth and prefer the very tart flavour of this _tamarind sauce_.

Quick and easy to make! This tamarind sauce is so better than shop bought!

You could of course add more sugar or jaggery to taste. One thing is certain,
when you make your own _tamarind sauce_ , your end dishes will taste better!

This is a sauce I always have on hand. It keeps forever in the fridge and is
delicious added to chaats, wraps, and curries.

## So what do I do with tamarind sauce when I've made it?

Let's break this recipe down.

To make the tamarind sauce, you first need to process a brick of tamarind.
Photos of this process are below.

Once you get all the seeds out of the tamarind and run it through a sieve, you
have tamarind concentrate.

So if you don't add any spices or other ingredients to this concentrate, you
still have a very useful ingredient. Tamarind concentrate is called for in
many recipes. It adds a delicious sour flavour to a curry so it is good to
have on hand.

## But what about the finished sauce?

Like the tamarind concentrate mentioned above, tamarind sauce is of course
available to purchase. But this recipe for tamarind sauce which is sweet, sour
and spicy is my personal favourite.

No shop bought tamarind sauce for me!

Both the concentrate and the sauce can be stored in the fridge for weeks.

## Here are some delicious recipes you can use your homemade tamarind sauce
in!

  * **Samosa Chaat**
  * Spinach Chaat
  * Dahi Papdi Chaat
  * Chaat Aloo
  * Pani Puris
  * Black pepper Rasam

Get your ingredients together before starting. It makes things that much
easier. I also added chilli powder to mine, not shown.

Break the tamarind into about six chunks and cover with water. Bring to a boil
and then simmer for 5 minutes.

As the tamarind simmers, press down and break it up with a wooden spoon or
potato masher.

Allow to cool for a couple of minutes.

Press the tamarind through a fine sieve with a spoon. This takes time!
Probably about 10 to 15 minutes.

You'll be left with a few seeds and stringy bits. Throw these away.

You now have tamarind concentrate. The same stuff you can purchase but much
tastier. It can be used in sauces and many other things to add a delicious
sour flavour. It keeps for months.

To make the sauce, pour the sieved concentrate back into the pan.

I added chilli powder to mine which is optional.

Stir in the sugar and other spices and simmer for a few minutes, stirring
often. Water can be added for a thinner sauce if preferred.

I made a thick sauce but as mentioned above, this can be thinned if preferred.



The thick or thin sauce can be stored in a jar or squeeze bottle.

Amazon.co.uk Widgets

**International & UK Orders**

This delicious sauce can be stirred into curries for a sour flavour. It is
also good on its own.

So good!

Continue to Content

Yield: 250ml

## Tamarind Sauce

Print

**Prep Time** 5 minutes

**Cook Time** 15 minutes

**Total Time** 20 minutes

### Ingredients

  * 200g block of tamarind pulp 
  * Water to cover 1 ½ cups plus more if preferred 
  * 1 teaspoon cumin powder 
  * 1 teaspoon chaat masala (optional) 
  * ½ teaspoon dried ginger powder 
  * ½ teaspoon red chilli powder or to taste 
  * 1 tablespoon sugar or jaggery - more or less to taste 
  * Salt to taste 

### Instructions

  1. Break up the block of tamarind into about six pieces in a small saucepan and cover with 375ml ( 1 ½ cups) water. Bring to a rolling simmer over medium-high heat, stirring often for about 5 minutes. Then remove from the heat and let it cool for another 5 minutes.
  2. Using a wooden spoon or potato masher, smash the tamarind in the water. The sauce will become thick like ketchup. Run this through a sieve into a bowl, pushing against the solids as you do. You should end up with a thick tamarind paste. If you have ever used shop bought tamarind concentrate, this is what you have though shop bought tamarind concentrate is much more concentrated. Discard any solids that remain in the sieve.
  3. Return the tamarind paste to the saucepan and add the cumin, chaat masala (if using), ginger, chilli powder and sugar. Bring to a simmer for about 3 minutes until the sugar is completely dissolved. You can add a drop more water if you prefer a runnier sauce or reduce it more if you prefer a thicker sauce. Taste the sauce and add more sugar, salt or other spices to taste. (You will need to dissolve any additional sugar over a medium heat if added.)
  4. I store this in a convenient squirt bottle in the fridge.

### Did you like this recipe?

Please join me on Facebook where I share all my latest recipes and videos.
Just click that Facebook icon on the left and let's get to know each other!

(C) Dan Toombs

**Cuisine:** Indian

I hope you enjoy making and using this tamarind sauce recipe in a variety of
recipes. If you do, please don't be a stranger! Leave a comment. I'd love to
hear from you.  


Posted on Published: March 26, 2018

Categories Chutney Recipes

Home » Tamarind Sauce

## Post navigation

Dahi Papdi Chaat

Yoghurt Sauce

Click here to cancel reply.

Δ

Valeria

Monday 31st of May 2021

Hi! If I use tamarind pasteinstead of pulp to make this sauce, I guess I
should use much less water. Do you naybe have ab indication for it? Thanks in
advance!

Dan Toombs

Tuesday 1st of June 2021

Tamarind paste can be quite strong so I would just add to taste until you
think it is right as it is hard to be precise. Thanks Dan

Yianni

Monday 22nd of February 2021

Hi, I have tamarind concentrate in a tub. How much of that, with your sauce
recipe do i use to make the sauce?

Thanks.

Dan Toombs

Wednesday 24th of February 2021

Add to taste, maybe add 1 teaspoon then another if you decide it needs more.
Thanks Dan

Donna

Saturday 23rd of January 2021

All I could find was tamarind puree. Can I substitute it, and if so how much
should I use?

Dan Toombs

Tuesday 26th of January 2021

Yes , I think you could use that. use about half the amount stated but add to
taste. Thanks Dan

Lorraine Goley

Sunday 10th of January 2021

Could you get the same results using this recipe with powdered tamarind

Dan Toombs

Monday 11th of January 2021

Yes, I think powdered tamarind would be a good compromise. Thanks Dan

Miss SELVERANI NAIDOO

Saturday 9th of January 2021

I'm surely gonna try cause its delicious as dip for samosas or chips. I love
tramrind I also use it in fish & dholl _mixed Veggies curries is awesome ❤️

Dan Toombs

Monday 11th of January 2021

Yes, I love it as a dip too. Thanks Dan

## ABOUT ME

Hello and welcome to The Curry Guy food blog. I have thousands of recipes for
you to try. Here is a bit about me.

### SEARCH

Search for:

Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy

Copyright (C) 2022 THE CURRY GUY | Wisteria on Trellis Framework by Mediavine

Skip to Recipe

