https://www.islandsmile.org/tamarind-red-chilli-barbecue-sauce/


Skip to Content

Search Magnifying Glass

Search for: Close Search ×

ISLAND SMILE

# Tamarind barbecue sauce with red chilli.

2 Comments

Barbecue sauce-Tamarind, red chillies, Garlic, makes this lip-smacking
Barbecue sauce.

It's hot, sweet with the right amount of sourness.

Try this recipe at your next Barbecue or picnic.

## A homemade Asian barbecue sauce.

This Tamarind Barbecue sauce might be THE sauce for your next party.

The sourness from the Tamarind, sweetness from brown sugar and red chillies
gives its"kick", making it a good substitute to your usual store brought ones.  

**Barbecue sauce recipe used to create a meal.**

Before moving onto the recipe, let me just tell you that this sauce is a part
of a fun meal plan I did for the kids.

You can see the meal above, a kid-friendly family meal for the whole family.

Instead of the usual lunch which takes the form of rice and curry, I surprised
them with a fast food-themed meal that included this Tamarind, Garlic, red
chilli sauce and a few other of their favorites.

**Save the recipe to your favourite Pinterest board!**

###  

This sauce also needs to be tested for seasoning and consistency.

Tamarind has a tangy, sour taste that makes it a good match for this Barbecue
sauce as the pulp would provide the base for this sauce.

Also keep in mind that you have total control over adjusting the sweetness and
sourness of the sauce by reducing or increasing the amount of Brown Sugar and
Tamarind. for my sauce, I preferred to add more sugar as my kids would prefer
it this way.  

## Tamarind red chilli barbecue sauce.

Makes 1 and 1/2 cup of sauce

Please make sure to read the recipe instructions carefully to avoid mistakes.

**Ingredients**

Ingredients mentioned below use standard measuring cups and spoons.

1/2 cup of Tamarind

1 tablespoon of chilli flecks

4-5 fresh red chilli as whole or sliced into two

1 tablespoon Cumin powder

3 Garlic cloves grated

2 tablespoons of tomato paste.

1/4 cup brown Sugar

1/2 cup of water

**Method**

In a bowl, add Tamarind and 1/4 cup water.

leave to soak for 5-10 minutes until the pulp of the Tamarind is soft, use
your fingers or spoon to mash the pulp.

Strain, press and remove as much of the tamarind juice as possible while you
are straining the pulp. Set the thick juice aside until further use.

Place a pan over low fire, include chilli flecks, fresh whole red chillies,
grated Garlic, Cumin and dry roast these ingredients for 1 minute. you have to
make sure these ingredients don't burn.

Once the ingredients are done roasting, add Sugar, Tomato paste, stir and cook
for 3-5 minutes until the sugar dissolves and makes a thick paste.

Add the Tamarind paste, stir, taste for Salt and season accordingly.

Leave the ingredients to cook for 10 minutes over medium heat, add water and
stir while it cooks.

Stir and cook over medium heat until the sauce thickens.

**Made this recipe?**

**Please don 't forget to rate the recipe on the recipe card so other readers
find it helpful and show me your recipe by tagging me #islandsmile178 on
Instagram.**

# Tamarind barbecue sauce with red chilli.

_Yield:_ 1 and 1/2cup

_Prep Time:_ 15 minutes

_Cook Time:_ 30 minutes

_Total Time:_ 45 minutes

BARBECUE SAUCE-TAMARIND, RED CHILLIES, GARLIC, MAKES THIS LIP-SMACKING
BARBECUE SAUCE.  
IT'S HOT, SWEET WITH THE RIGHT AMOUNT OF SOURNESS.  
TRY THIS RECIPE AT YOUR NEXT BARBECUE OR PICNIC.

Print

## Ingredients

  * Ingredients mentioned below use standard measuring cups and spoons. 
  * 1/2 cup of Tamarind 
  * 1 tablespoon of chilli flecks 
  * 4-5 fresh red chilli as whole or sliced into two 
  * 1 tablespoon Cumin powder 
  * 3 Garlic cloves grated 
  * 2 tablespoons of tomato paste. 
  * 1/4 cup brown Sugar 
  * 1/2 cup of water 

## Instructions

  1. In a bowl, add Tamarind and 1/4 cup water.
  2. leave to soak for 5-10 minutes until the pulp of the Tamarind is soft, use your fingers or spoon to mash the pulp.
  3. Strain, press and remove as much of the tamarind juice as possible while you are straining the pulp. Set the thick juice aside until further use.
  4. Place a pan over low fire, include chilli flecks, fresh whole red chillies, grated Garlic, Cumin and dry roast these ingredients for 1 minute. you have to make sure these ingredients don't burn.
  5. Once the ingredients are done roasting, add Sugar, Tomato paste, stir and cook for 3-5 minutes until the sugar dissolves and makes a thick paste.
  6. Add the Tamarind paste, stir, taste for Salt and season accordingly.
  7. Leave the ingredients to cook for 10 minutes over medium heat, add water and stir while it cooks.
  8. Stir and cook over medium heat until the sauce thickens.

## Recommended Products

As an Amazon Associate and member of other affiliate programs, I earn from
qualifying purchases.

  * Tamicon Tamarind Paste 200 Grams (7 Ounces) 

  * Spicy World Crushed Pepper Chilli Flakes, Red, 5 Pound 

## Did you make this recipe?

Please leave a comment on the blog or share a photo on Pinterest

(C) jehan yusoof

**Cuisine:** Sri Lankan  / **Category:** Recipes

**Each recipe on this blog has been written with great care and love to the
best of my ability with you in mind.  
It's free and on the blog, for you to try anytime.**

**All I ask is  that you do not save it on any apps, recipe boxes or online
groups which will affect me as a food blogger and the growth of this blog. I
would appreciate if you only share the link rather than the full recipe. **

****All images and text on this website are protected by copyright.****

By Author jehan

Categories Recipes

Tags asianbarbecuecookingeasygluten freelow carbsaucespicysrilankansweet and
spicytailgatingveganvegetarian

## Post navigation

Kankun(kang kong), soy, garlic Beef stir-fry.

Yoghurt marinated grilled chicken tacos with Pineapple cabbage slaw.

Click here to cancel reply.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

Vidyanjalee Telwatta

Tuesday 5th of May 2020

Can I keep this for 2 or 3 days

jehan

Tuesday 5th of May 2020

Yes. store in a dry glass container and refrigerate. use a dry spoon.

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

### Subscribe for Updates & Newsletter

Your Email:

Subscribe to our newsletter.

Leave this field empty if you're human:

This site has been monetized with affiliate links. What this means is that I
will receive a small percentage of any sales made through them. The income
will pay for hosting, props, gear and recipe testing. _Thank you for your
support!_

### Get Social

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

### Latest Posts

  * Sri Lankan kibula banis(sugar-coated buns).
  * Garlic butter oyster mushroom
  * Black pepper beef curry(Sri Lankan)
  * Easy Sweet and sour meatballs
  * chocolate bread pudding.

Copyright (C) 2022 ISLAND SMILE | Wisteria on Trellis Framework by Mediavine

Skip to Recipe

