https://yellowchilis.com/tamarind-sauce-recipe/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Recipes
  * Collections
  * Soft Drinks
  * About
  * Subscribe
  * Search

menu icon

  * Recipes
  * Collections
  * Soft Drinks
  * About Us
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Recipes
  * Collections
  * Soft Drinks
  * About Us
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

Ã—

Home Â» Recipes Â» Sauces Â» Tamarind Sauce

# Tamarind Sauce Recipe

Published: December 2, 2021 by Sangeetha Vel | Last Updated: June 13, 2022

21 shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe

**Tamarind Sauce** is a sweet, tangy and authentic **Indian dip or condiment**
loaded with fresh flavors of ginger and cumin. This **sauce** is usually made
with dried seedless tamarind, jaggery, and basic Indian spices. The recipe I
have shared here shows how to make Tamarind Sauce with easy step-by-step
instructions for you to try at home.

I have also shared a detailed video of this recipe to make the cooking process
simple and clear. This Tamarind Sauce is a perfect dip to enjoy most Indian
**street foods** like ****samosa**** or other similar **snacks**. And it can
be also a flavor-enhancing **condiment** in **veg curries** and **non-veg
curries** that calls for it.

_Tamarind Sauce_ Jump to:

  * What is Tamarind Sauce?
  * Ingredients
  * How to make Tamarind Sauce?
  * Tips
  * Storage Suggestions
  * Serving Suggestions
  * Related Recipes
  * Tamarind Sauce Recipe video
  * ðŸ“– Recipe
  * FAQ
  * ðŸ’¬ Comments

## What is Tamarind Sauce?

Tamarind Sauce is a sweet, tangy, and authentic Indian dip or condiment. It is
usually made with fresh or dried tamarind, jaggery, ginger powder, and cumin
seeds. The jaggery added in the recipe gives the sweetness, while the ginger
and cumin give the fresh flavor and taste.

This Sauce is widely used in Indian cuisine as a dip for street foods like
****samosa**** , ******Samosa Chaat****** , **Aloo chaat**, and there it is
called Tamarind Chutney. Not only as a dip but also as a condiment in veg
curries like **vatha kuzhambu** , sambar, and non veg curries like **fish
curry** , **lamb vindaloo** , **chicken ghee roast** , etc.

The best part is this Tamarind Sauce can be stored for months to enjoy a
delicious snack or to use in your recipes. So without further delay let's see
how to make it.

## Ingredients

The ingredients you will need to make this Tamarind Sauce are simple and it
should be easily available in most Indian groceries around.

_Tamarind Sauce Ingredients_

  * **Tamarind** \- I have used dried seedless tamarind here, you can also use seed in tamarind if thats handy for you
  *  **Jaggery** \- Jaggery Powder delivers the sweetness and stickiness to sauce
  *  **Ginger Powder** \- Gives heat to the sauce and good for easy digestion. I have also added chili flakes to increase the spice level which is an optional ingredient 
  * **Cumin Seeds** \- Delivers the fresh aroma to your sauce and also good for digestion
  *  **Oil** \- To temper the sauce and you could use cooking oil of your preference 

## How to make Tamarind Sauce?

The recipe I have shared here is the authentic Indian-style Tamarind Sauce. It
is widely used as a dip or condiment in most Indian street foods, snacks,
curries, and much more.

Following are the high-level instructions to make this recipe but for detailed
step-by-step instructions with photo and video, please check out the **recipe
card below**.

  * **Boil the Tamarind** \- In a pan with medium heat, add tamarind, and pour water. Give a good mix and allow it to boil until tamarind turns soft
  *  **Mash the Tamarind** \- Now using a food masher, mash the tamarind until it turns smooth and pulpy. And allow to cook for 2 minutes and remove from heat
  *  **Sieve the Tamarind Mixture** \- Now using a fine mesh strainer or seiver, filter the cooked tamarind water mixture into a bowl. Now the tamarind liquid is ready to make sauce. Do not discard the tamarind concentrate, you can store it in the refrigerator to use in most **Indian recipes** that calls for tamarind concentrate
  *  **Make the sauce** \- In a pan with medium heat, pour oil and sizzle cumin seeds. Pour in the Tamarind liquid and mix well. Add in the ginger powder, jaggery powder and give a good mix
  *  **Check the consistency** \- Allow the mixture to boil until it turns sticky and thick. You can also add chili flakes at this stage which is optional to use. I have added it here to give some mild spiciness to the sauce
  *  **Remove and Serve or Store** \- Now remove the Tamarind Sauce or chutney from the heat and it is ready for you to taste and enjoy. You can also store it in the refrigerator in an air tight container for future use

## Tips

  * **Tamarind Preference** \- I have used dried seedless tamarind here, but you can also use tamarind concentrate. If you are using tamarind concentrate dilute them with water and then season them with jaggery and other ingredients to make sticky and thick sauce
  *  **Sweetness** \- The authentic Indian Tamarind Sauce calls for jaggery powder, so I recommend the same to achieve great results
  *  **Heat Level** \- The sauce I have showed here is for multipurpose use which can be enjoyed as a dip and condiment. So I have not added chat masala, chili powder and amchur powder that is usually added for dipping sauce
  *  **Left Over Tamarind Concentrate** \- You can also store the left over tamarind concentrate or pulp in the refrigerator for making **rasam** , **sambar** , **tomato chutney** , and curries that calls for it

## Storage Suggestions

This sauce can be stored in the refrigerator in an airtight container for up
to 4 months. And enjoy a delicious dip for your snacks or use it in your
recipes that call for tamarind sauce.

## Serving Suggestions

This Tamarind Sauce can be used as a dip for snacks like ****samosa**** ,
**vadas** , and other Indian ****street foods****. Not only as a dip but also
as a condiment in recipes like ****sambar** , **rasam**** , and similar
others.

## Related Recipes

You could also find similar **Sauce Recipes** below and more at **Dips&
Condiments**

  * **Samosa Dipping Sauce**
  *  **Szechuan Sauce**
  *  **Kung Pao Sauce**
  *  **General Tso Sauce**
  *  **Garlic Butter Sauce**
  *  **Garlic Parmesan Sauce**
  *  **Pasta Sauce**
  *  **Garlic Butter**

Recipes with **Tamarind Sauce**

  * ****Aloo Chaat****
  *  ** **Samosa Chaat****
  *  ** **Sambar****
  *  ** **Rasam****

## Tamarind Sauce Recipe video

I have also shared a detailed video of this Tamarind Sauce Recipe below that I
hope will help you to make authentic sauce from scratch. And you could also
find this recipe in a **story** format.

_Tamarind Sauce Recipe Video_

## ðŸ“– Recipe

## Tamarind Sauce

Tamarind Sauce is a sweet, tangy and authentic Indian dip or condiment loaded
with fresh flavors of ginger and cumin. It is usually made with dried seedless
tamarind, jaggery, and basic spices. This Tamarind Sauce is a perfect dip to
enjoy with most Indian street foods like samosa or other similar snacks. And
it can be also a flavor-enhancing condiment in veg curries and non-veg curries
that calls for it.

5 from 1 vote

Author: Sangeetha Vel

Subscribe

Review

Course: Dips & Condiments

Cuisine: Indian

Diet: Vegan

Prep: 5 mins

Cook: 20 mins

Adjust 4 servings

### Ingredients



US CustomaryMetric



1x2x3x

  * â–¢ Â½ lb Tamarind, seedless
  * â–¢ 2 cups Water
  * â–¢ 2 tsp Oil
  * â–¢ Â½ cup Jaggery Powder
  * â–¢ Â½ tsp Cumin Seeds
  * â–¢ 1 tsp Ginger Powder
  * â–¢ Â½ tsp Chili Flakes, optional
  * â–¢ Salt, as needed

More on Measurements & Conversions Â»

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Instructions



#### To make Tamarind Sauce

  * In a pan with medium heat, add seedless tamarind, water and give a good mix

  * Allow the tamarind mixture to boil until it turns soft

  * Now using a food masher, mash the tamarind until it turns mushy and then cook for 2 more minutes

  * Remove the tamarind mixture from heat and filter it using a strainer into a bowl. And reserve the tamarind liquid for later use. Do not discard the leftover tamarind pulp, check out the recipe notes for recipe ideas

  * Now in a pan with medium heat, pour oil and sizzle cumin seeds

  * Pour in the reserved tamarind liquid, ginger powder, salt, jaggery powder, and give a good mix

  * Boil the tamarind jaggery mixture for 3 to 5 minutes. You can also add chili flakes at this stage which is optional

  * Simmer the heat and cook the Tamarind Sauce until it turns thick and sticky. Remove it from heat and now it is ready for you to taste and enjoy

#### To Serve

  * Serve this sweet and tangy Tamarind Sauce as a dip for Samosa, Aloo Chaat **,** or other similar Indian street foods. You can also use it as a condiment in sambar **,** **rasam**, and similar other Indian recipes

### Video

### Notes

  1. **Tamarind Preference** \- I have used dried seedless tamarind here, but you can also use tamarind concentrate. If you are using tamarind concentrate dilute them with water and then season them with jaggery and other ingredients to make a sticky and thick sauce
  2. **Sweetness** \- The authentic Indian Tamarind Sauce calls for jaggery powder, so I recommend the same to achieve great results
  3. **Heat Level** \- The sauce I have shown here is for multipurpose use which can be enjoyed as a dip and condiment. So I have not added chat masala, chili powder, and amchur powder that is usually added for dipping sauce
  4. **Left Over Tamarind Concentrate** \- You can also store the leftover tamarind concentrate or pulp in the refrigerator for making rasam, sambar, chutney, and curries that call for it

**Related Recipes**

  1. **Samosa Dipping Sauce**
  2. **Szechuan Sauce**
  3. **Garlic Butter Sauce**
  4. **Garlic Parmesan Sauce**
  5. **General Tso Sauce**

### Nutrition

Serving: 1serving | Calories: 157kcal | Carbohydrates: 36g | Protein: 2g |
Fat: 2g | Saturated Fat: 0.3g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 1g | Monounsaturated Fat:
1g | Trans Fat: 0.01g | Sodium: 26mg | Potassium: 372mg | Fiber: 3g | Sugar:
22g | Vitamin A: 94IU | Vitamin C: 2mg | Calcium: 49mg | Iron: 2mg

Tried this recipe?Mention @yellowchilis or tag #yellowchilis!

## FAQ

**What is Tamarind Sauce?**

Tamarind Sauce is a sweet, sour, and mildly spiced dip or condiment authentic
to Indian cuisine. It is usually made with fresh or dried tamarind, jaggery,
and other basic Indian spices. The sauce is usually served as a dip along with
samosa, chaats, and other Indian street foods. And also it is used as
condiments in sambar, curries, and chutneys.

**What does Tamarind Sauce taste like?**

It tastes sweet, tangy, and mild spiced with fresh flavors of ginger and cumin
seeds.

**How to use Tamarind Sauce in recipes?**

The Tamarind Sauce I have shared above is a multipurpose sauce that can be
used in recipes like sambar, rasam, chutneys, curries, and other Indian
Recipes that call for tamarind concentrate or sauce. And you can also use it
as a dipping sauce for snacks and street foods.

**What do you eat with Tamarind Sauce?**

You can savor the tamarind sauce with Samosa, Aloo Chaat, Papdi Chaat, and
other similar Indian Street foods. And you can also use it in curries,
gravies, and other side dishes to achieve a tangy flavor and taste.

I hope you enjoyed the recipe that I have shared here and I would love to hear
from you on how it turned out for you. Please let me know.

If you have any other questions, feel free to post them in the comment section
below and I will try to get back to you as soon as possible.  
  
Happy Cooking!

### Related Recipes:

Szechuan Sauce Recipe (Schezwan Sauce) Vindaloo Sauce and Paste Recipe
Bechamel Sauce Recipe (White Sauce) Pasta Sauce Recipe

Â« 73 Indian Recipes to Try at Home

Oven Roasted Cauliflower Recipe Â»

21 shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Alyssa Johnson

February 21, 2022 at 3:14 pm

Hello! I'm very excited to try this sauce recipe for my homemade samosas! I
cannot find the tamarind seeds where I live but Whole Foods has a 12 oz jar of
tamarind "puree". Is that the same thing as tamarind concentrate? If so, how
much of the 12 oz would I use for this recipe?

Thank you!

Reply

    * Sangeetha Vel

February 22, 2022 at 3:23 pm

Hi Alyssa,  
Thanks for checking. You can always find the tamarind in Indian grocery stores
if have anything nearby. Concentrate is thick and puree is usually little
diluted. So, per my understanding you can use 5 oz of puree with 3-4 oz water
to replace the tamarind here. But just to sure, I haven't personally used
puree to try this recipe but it is a good measurement to start with. If you go
with puree, you can start the process from step 5 mentioned in the recipe card
above. And I will be happy to hear how it turns out for you ðŸ™‚

Reply

      * Alyssa Johnson

February 23, 2022 at 3:31 pm

Great! Thank you for the help!

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Please help us with your Rating and feedback to help you! Please help us with
your Rating and feedback to help you!  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Current yeignore me@r*

Leave this field empty

## Primary Sidebar

### Hey, Nice to see you!

**Hi, I'm Sangeetha Vel!** the author, recipe researcher, creator, and cooking
hands behind Yellow Chili's. A realistic, friendly, empathetic, and
enthusiastic foodie who loves to share authentic, easy, quick, healthy,
instant, and kids-approved recipes.

More about me â†’

### Stay Connected

  *   
  
  

  *   
  
  

  *   
  
  

  *   
  
  

  *   
  
  

### Soft Drinks

Are you looking for various soft drinks recipes? Check out our website **Tea,
Coffee& Drinks** exclusively for those recipes from around the world.

### Featured Recipes

  * Thai Red Curry with Vegetables

  * Garlic butter Recipe

  * Garlic Butter Chicken Recipe

  * Best Grilled Salmon Recipe

  * Garlic Parmesan Wings Recipe

  * Samosa Recipe

  * Garlic Butter Baked Salmon Recipe

  * White Sauce Pasta Recipe with Penne Pasta

## Footer

â†‘ back to top

### About

  * About Us
  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms & Conditions

### Stay Connected

  * Contact Us
  * Sign Up for Recipes

### More Contents

  * Web-Stories
  * Soft Drinks Recipes

Copyright Â© 2022 **Yellow Chili's**

