https://immieats.com/seafood-ramen-recipes/


Skip to content

  * Shop Ramen
  * Our Story
  * Login

Search

  *   *   * 

# Our Top 8 Seafood Ramen Recipes

Published: October 17, 2021

|

Last Updated: October 27, 2021

Seafood is a very important part of Asian cuisine and if you ask us, it’s the
ideal protein to have with most dishes that require meat. As seafood lovers
ourselves, we believe seafood and ramen make the perfect mealtime combo.

To add a delicious flavor to your ramen meals, we’ve listed our top 8 seafood
ramen recipes that we believe will soon make the list of your favorites too,
if they don’t already!

## Sweet and Sour Shrimp Ramen

Starting off with a simple but flavorful recipe, we have sweet and sour stir-
fried shrimp with lightly flavored ramen.

The term ‘ _sweet and sour_ ’ may sound basic but there’s a world of flavor
that you can unlock with these two taste aspects (our Tom Yum flavored immi
ramen are proof of that!).

## Don't have time to make this? We've got you covered with our Tom Yum Shrimp
ramen.

### Tom Yum “Shrimp” Ramen

Fresh, bright, and zesty. A vibrant bowl to slurp under the cool shade on a
warm afternoon. Abundant with notes of lemongrass, citrus, and chili.

Slurp Now

In terms of ramen, the tangy and tart flavors suit noodles really well since
noodles absorb these flavors really well. The same goes for shrimp, which,
when cooked in strong-flavored sauces, carries them just like noodles.

### Recipe Ideas

There are several ingredients you can use to make your ramen taste both sweet
and sour in a way that suits ramen, which is generally a savory dish.

However, when you put seafood in the mix, you need flavors that won’t take
away from the taste of fresh shrimp.

For this, we’ve found rice wine vinegar and teriyaki sauce to be the ideal
combination, followed by sweet red chili sauce and lemon juice. You can also
try tangy tomato sauce and palm sugar to make the shrimp ramen sauce.

## Nanbanzuke

Nanbanzuke is a simple Japanese fried fish and vegetable dish that’s a unique
mix of rich yet tangy and savory.

The dish is typically made with yellowtail, whiting, or blue mackerel that’s
lightly fried and then marinated in a combination of vinegar, mirin, _sake_ ,
sugar, and soy sauce. The dish also uses several vegetables such as shallots,
carrots, and chilies.

The recipe is a natural fit for ramen since both the vegetables and fish are
marinated together which unifies the flavor. Ramen noodles absorb flavors
really well, especially tart flavors such as vinegar and mirin.

### Recipe Ideas

As a dish, Nanbanzuke is primed towards fish with firmer flesh, such as
yellowtail. However, you can also use flaky white fish such as cod, Alaska
pollock, and sea bass.

Flaky fish is more oily (which adds to the post-fry richness) and breaks down
more, which helps the marinade flavor more of the fish. It’ll even need less
time in the marinade, which is awesome because this delicious recipe can’t get
ready any quicker!

## Kaeng Khiao Wan Kung Ramen

_Kaeng Khiao Wan Kung_ is the famous Thai green curry with shrimp (kung). It’s
definitely one of our favorite curries, and KChan came up with the idea to add
ramen for an even more filling dish.

Because it’s a common dish and there are several versions of it in Thai
cuisine. All are good and luckily, you can incorporate ramen into all of them
for similarly great results.

We’d suggest going for a spicier green curry ramen since those usually pack
more flavor.

### Recipe Ideas

Because it’s a seafood-based curry, make sure there’s plenty of shrimp in the
dish.

For the ramen, add it in at around the same time you add the basil leaves in a
green curry recipe and let it simmer on the lowest heat to let it absorb as
much of the sauce as it can.

If you like spicier curries, add in some red chili flakes with the ramen to
add some heat. Don’t overdo this since we want to keep the classic green curry
flavor and not overpower it.

## Tako Su Ramen

Although _Tako Su_ is a Japanese octopus salad, we feel that it’s the perfect
base for a delicious and vibrant ramen dish.

Tako Su is made with boiled octopus that’s made to look like the typical
octopus sashimi. Although it looks raw, it’s really not. Plus, it’s really
juicy and once you add ramen broth to the equation, you have some uniquely
delicious seafood.

Remember to get some sashimi or sushi-grade octopus since that is the easiest
to eat and cook with.

### Recipe Ideas

For the perfect tako su ramen, boil the octopus until the skin is a dark
purple and the flesh is white. Then, toss it in a light vinaigrette and some
sesame oil before adding it to the ramen.

At this point, you can mix the octopus into the ramen dish but we would
suggest arranging it to the side of the dish just like you would with chashu
pork, or other traditional ramen toppings.

## Privy Sign Up form

**Craving more ramen recipes like this? Sign up for our e-mail list.**

You'll also get updates on immi, delicious recipes, exclusive offers, and
more. No spam ever.

## Garlic Clam Ramen

Clams are unique among seafood in that they are slightly more chewy than other
mollusc varieties but have a delicious sweet taste that’s perfect for a
buttery ramen dish.

Although they’re preferred with a bit of spice in a dish, we found that clams
work best with ramen when the dish has a much milder flavor. We mostly go for
richness whenever we add clams to ramen.

Make sure to use the standard-sized clams. Bigger ones have more meat in them
but less of that sweet flavor that we want.

### Recipe Ideas

Here’s a full recipe for garlic clam ramen with whipped leek butter made with
delicious immi ramen.

The dish is based off of a viral internet challenge that started with Kylie
Jenner telling what she puts in her ramen. We came up with the recipe after
deciding we wanted to upgrade it. Try it out, we guarantee it’ll become a
favorite.

## Kari Ikan Ramen

A Malaysian fish curry, _Kari Ikan_ has the ideal consistency for a ramen
dish. It tastes great too, especially with delicate and flaky white fish such
as snapper.

A fusion of several Indian and Malaysian curries, Kari Ikan is famous in and
around Malaysia and Singapore. You can even find the soup made with ramen as a
component, although it is rare.

Make sure you only use snapper for the dish since it is traditional and the
meat is the perfect texture for the dish. You can also use monkfish and
haddock but the result won’t be the same as with red snapper.

### Recipe Ideas

Follow a standard Kari Ikan recipe but reduce the number of vegetables in the
soup by a quarter to make room for the noodles.

Add the noodles in alongside the tomatoes and beans. Let it sit for 2-3
minutes and then stir the noodles around, taking care not to break up the fish
even more.

## Cha Ca Ramen

_Cha Ca_ is a Vietnamese fish recipe that’s made by frying fish that’s been
marinated in turmeric, ginger, garlic, and other aromatics.

It’s a seafood dish that uses fish as a topping rather than a cooking
component. This adds a layer of savory crunch at the first bite, after which
the chewy, savory ramen completes the flavor set.

A mild-flavor ramen such as chicken or mushroom ramen works great for this
recipe. It won’t overcome the light saltiness of the fish and will let it be
the star of the recipe!

### Recipe Ideas

Just like with a basic bowl of ramen, use the protein as a topping instead of
a component. Also, remember to have as few toppings as usual because you’ll
probably be adding large pieces of fish.

The traditional garnishing is with chopped green onion but you can also
garnish with chopped enoki mushroom, finely sliced nori, and chopped peanuts.

## Tom Yum Scallop Ramen

Tom Yum Kha is a well-known Thai soup that’s known around the world for its
signature sweet and sour flavor.

The flavor comes from lime juice, fish sauce, lemongrass and galangal. The
lime juice and fish sauce mixture is the basis for why it’s loved. This is
great for ramen and scallops because fish sauce sticks to starchy foods such
as wheat noodles, and scallops absorb a ton of flavorful fluid.

Another seafood dish that’s best with our Tom Yum immi ramen, this recipe
works great as both a base and topping for noodles.

### Recipe Ideas

You can cook scallops in a variety of ways. Shallow frying in garlic butter is
great for creating a crispy coating on a softer, sweeter inside. When it comes
to Tom Yum though, the best thing to do is cook it with the liquid
ingredients.

One interesting recipe tip is to chop the scallops roughly till each single
scallop is into 3-4 pieces. This will increase the volume of the dish and each
piece will be flavored. However, it’ll be harder to fork up pieces with each
bite. It really depends on your overall preference.

## What to read next

  * ### What is tofu? Proven Benefits, Soy Myths, History, and 6 Recipes To Try Out

Tofu is made pressing soybean curds into blocks. At least the most common
version is. Below, we've put together a guide to tofu, from...

  * ### The Top 10 Asian TikTok Food Trends We Want To Try ASAP

When it comes to Asian TikTok food trends, the internet can’t seem to get
enough of them. Some seem like perfect pairings of things...

  * ### The 8 Best Vegetarian Protein Sources If You're Trying To Eat Less Meat

When it comes to vegetarian protein sources, there's more to love than just
tofu and chickpeas (though they are top contenders). From seitan and...

  * ### An Easy Guide To 4 Ramen Types: Shio, Shoyu, Tonkotsu, Miso

First things first: When we talk about the different types of ramen, what
we’re really talking about (ahem, most of the time) is the...

Eager to slurp immi in Canada?  
We've partnered with Natura Market to offer immi to Canadian residents. Visit
Natura Market

@immieats

## Shop

  * Variety Pack
  * Beef
  * Chicken
  * Shrimp

## Learn

  * Our Story
  * Recipes
  * Blog
  * FAQ

## Immi

  * Account
  * Refer Friends
  * Ambassador Program
  * Wholesale
  * Store Locations
  * Contact Us

## Join our newsletter for access to  
special deals, recipes and exclusive benefits.

By submitting, you agree to our terms & conditions. Sign Up

## Thanks! Arriving in your inbox shortly

2022 immi. All rights reserved.

  *   *   * 

  * Accessibility
  * Terms
  * Privacy

