https://www.countrysidecravings.com/easy-shrimp-ramen-soup/


Skip to content

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

Menu

  * About
  * Contact

Menu

Menu

  * All Recipes
  * Breakfast
  * Easy Dinners
  * Desserts

Menu

  * All Recipes
  * Breakfast
  * Easy Dinners
  * Desserts

# Easy Shrimp Ramen Soup

Search

#### More Ways to Search: ******Recipe Index**

Home ¬ª Soups ¬ª Easy Shrimp Ramen Soup

April 22, 2022August 22, 2018 by Malinda Linnebur

  * Pin
  * Share
  * Tweet

Jump to Recipe

**_This Easy Shrimp Ramen Soup is so much better than that packet of noodles!!
Packed with vegetables, shrimp, and full of flavor!_**

I love quick and easy recipes! They are the backbone of Countryside Cravings!
This shrimp ramen soup is definitely one of those quick and easy meals and
it's a reader favorite!

My other favorite quick and easy meals are Cheese Ravioli in Creamy Mushroom
Sauce and Taco Pasta.

Ok, how many of you ate ramen back in the day???? I'm raising my hand high!!
It was a super fast and easy way to satisfy my craving for soup on a cold day.

But have you ever read the back of the package??? YIKES!!

So, let's ditch that seasoning packet since that's where most of the bad stuff
lives and beef it up with vegetables and shrimp!

Some more easy soup recipes to try: Easy Taco Soup, 30 Minute White Chicken
Chili, and Creamy Tomato Tortellini Soup.

My kids absolutely loved this soup and I love that they are NOT getting their
daily allowance of sodium in one bowl since we are making this semi-homemade!

And honestly, I think this tastes a whole lot better than that seasoning
packet and it's so much more satisfying!

It's loaded with shrimp, vegetables, and the broth is packed with flavor. It's
the perfect bowl of soup for a chilly day or for a quick lunch or dinner.

## Spicy Shrimp Ramen Noodle Soup

And for all of you that like to spice things up‚Ä¶‚Ä¶.no problem! Just add your
favorite hot sauce to your bowl of soup like Sriracha, Tabasco, or even red
pepper flakes or cayenne pepper will do the trick.

This soup doesn't make a lot of broth as seen in the pictures so if you want
more "soup" double the broth/stock you use, grated ginger, soy sauce, and
sesame oil.

You can also double the vegetables to add more bulk and flavor. There is
plenty of shrimp in the soup already that you can get away with not doubling
it.

And if you don't want to grate your own ginger I like to buy these tubes of
Stir-in Ginger Paste. So much easier!

## What to serve with Easy Shrimp Ramen Soup

  * A big side salad
  * Fresh fruit
  * Crusty bread to soak up broth
  * Soft boiled egg

**HUNGRY FOR MORE?** Subscribe to my newsletter and follow along on Pinterest,
Facebook, and Instagram for all my latest updates!

4.67 from 9 votes

Print

Easy Shrimp Ramen Soup

Prep Time

10 mins

Cook Time

10 mins

Total Time

20 mins



_**This Easy Shrimp Ramen Soup is so much better than that packet of noodles!!
Packed with vegetables, shrimp, and full of flavor!**_

Course: Main, Seafood, Soup

Cuisine: Chinese

Keyword: ramen, shrimp, soup

Servings: 4

Calories: 219 kcal

Author: Malinda Linnebur

Ingredients

  * 1-2 tablespoons  olive oil
  * 8 ounces (230g) sliced mushrooms (I like baby portobello)
  * 1 large carrot, grated
  * 4 cloves garlic, minced
  * 4 cups (946ml) low sodium broth/stock of choice
  * 1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger
  * 1 teaspoon low sodium soy sauce
  * 1  teaspoon sesame oil
  * 2 (3 ounce) (85g) packages ramen noodles (discard seasoning packet)
  * 1 pound (450g) medium/large raw shrimp (thawed, cleaned, and peeled)
  * Chopped green onions and cilantro for garnish, optional

Instructions

  1. In a large pot saute mushrooms and carrot in olive oil for 5 minutes or until they start to soften. Add garlic and cook stirring for 30 seconds. Add broth, ginger, soy sauce, and sesame oil. Cover and bring to a boil. 

  2. Once boiling add noodles and shrimp. Cover and boil for 3 minutes. Serve topped with chopped green onions and cilantro if desired. 

### Recipe Video

Recipe Notes

  1. How to make Spicy Shrimp Ramen Soup: 
    * Sriracha sauce
    * Tabasco Sauce
    * Red pepper flakes
    * Cayenne pepper
    * Jalapeno pepper
  2. To make this a more "brothy" soup make the following changes: 
    * 8 cups broth/stock
    * 2 tablespoons freshly grated ginger
    * 2 teaspoons soy sauce
    * 2 teaspoons sesame oil
    * feel free to add more garlic (I like garlic and it's great for cold season so I always add more üôÇ )
  3. **Nutrition facts:** Since different brands of ingredients have different nutritional information, the information shown is just an estimate. Nutrition info calculated using vegetable broth. 

**What to serve with Shrimp Ramen Soup:**

  * A big side salad
  * Fresh fruit
  * Crusty bread to soak up broth
  * Soft boiled egg

Nutrition Facts

Easy Shrimp Ramen Soup

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 219 Calories from Fat 72

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 8g **12%**

Saturated Fat 1g **6%**

 **Cholesterol** 286mg **95%**

 **Sodium** 319mg **14%**

 **Potassium** 561mg **16%**

 **Carbohydrates** 8g **3%**

Fiber 1g **4%**

Sugar 3g **3%**

 **Protein** 30g **60%**

**Vitamin A** 2548IU **51%**

 **Vitamin C** 6mg **7%**

 **Calcium** 184mg **18%**

 **Iron** 3mg **17%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet. Since different brands of ingredients have different nutritional information, the information shown is just an estimate.

### You might also like...

  * Creamy Potato Soup

  * Creamy Tomato Tortellini Soup

  * Creamy Sausage Tortellini Soup

  * Lasagna Soup

Categories Soups Tags 30 Minutes or Less, Dairy-Free, Easy Recipe, Healthy,
Kid-Friendly Recipe, Nut-Free, One Pot Meal, Reader Favorites, Seafood, Video
Post navigation

Upside Down Pizza Casserole + VIDEO

Snickers Apple Salad

### 35 thoughts on "Easy Shrimp Ramen Soup"

  1. Britt

February 23, 2022 at 2:12 pm

How much ginger paste did you use?

Reply

    * Malinda Linnebur

February 24, 2022 at 2:24 pm

1 Tablespoon

Reply

  2. mavee125

November 18, 2021 at 10:20 pm

  
This Shrimp Ramen Soup is so good! I used San-J Tamari Soy Sauce that I bought
from Karman Foods. It's absolutely flavorful! Best paired with either hot or
cold barley tea.

Reply

    * Malinda Linnebur

November 23, 2021 at 10:00 am

Thank you very much! So glad you liked it!

Reply

  3. Brian Anderson

October 29, 2021 at 5:18 pm

I just cooked this with your timings, (I added celery instead of mushrooms)
and I am extremely impressed. Mine lacked a bit of zip, so I added Sriracha
sauce‚Ä¶oh my! One of the best meals I have ever cooked! Thank you!

Reply

    * Malinda Linnebur

November 9, 2021 at 10:23 am

Thank you so much!! And so glad you adjusted to suit your tastes!! That's what
cooking is all about!

Reply

  4. Kathy

October 13, 2021 at 2:23 pm

Hi. What kind of stock did you: beeef,chicken,veggie. or seafood.

Reply

    * Malinda Linnebur

October 18, 2021 at 4:39 pm

I used a vegetable broth. However, use whatever you have on hand or like.

Reply

  5. Misty Juarez

September 19, 2021 at 11:58 am

Wouldnt this work with a seafood based broth?

Reply

    * Malinda Linnebur

September 22, 2021 at 2:55 pm

So sorry I didn't respond sooner!! Yes, seafood broth would work as well!

Reply

  6. Shelby Green

February 24, 2021 at 8:55 pm

  
I have made this for dinner a few times now and it is wonderful every time!
Tonight we opted for a veggie ramen, so I added in some onion, a mix of spicy
peppers, and some soft boiled eggs. We love it!

Reply

    * Malinda Linnebur

March 5, 2021 at 9:02 am

I love your veggie version!! And thank you so much!!

Reply

  7. rich piper

January 28, 2021 at 10:48 pm

I know you mention that the nutritional info is approximate, but standard
ramen noodles of any brand would quadruple your carb count‚Ä¶and even that is on
the low side. More like 50 grams of carbs. Otherwise all looks deelish.

Reply

    * Malinda Linnebur

January 29, 2021 at 8:53 am

Each nutrition generator gives different amounts and I wish they were more
consistent! Hopefully, someday things will be a better/closer estimate!

Reply

  8. Beth Guarienti

January 12, 2021 at 5:46 pm

  
This was delicious and easy to make! I added diced celery, sliced leeks, and a
diced orange pepper to the carrot/ mushroom mix. Tasted healthy! The shrimp I
added ended up being ‚Äútough‚Äù, so next time maybe I‚Äôll add uncooked shrimp?

Reply

    * Malinda Linnebur

January 13, 2021 at 2:02 pm

Yes, the shrimp is supposed to go into the soup raw. I changed that in the
recipe card to be more clear. Thank you! I am so glad you liked the soup!

Reply

  9. CONNIE

January 2, 2021 at 8:02 am

  
This is a beautiful recipe, but why is the sodium content so high? Over
1,000mg is too much for me.

Reply

    * Malinda Linnebur

January 2, 2021 at 11:21 am

It was calculated with full sodium broth and soy sauce. Updated the nutrition
using lower sodium broth and soy sauce. Hope that helps!

Reply

  10. Lauriane Paradis

December 17, 2020 at 9:23 am

How many servings does this recipe makes?

Reply

    * Malinda Linnebur

December 17, 2020 at 9:38 am

It makes about 4 servings.

Reply

  11. Beth

October 28, 2020 at 12:56 pm

This was delicious and way better than that other pseudo raman products!
Definitely hit the spot on this cool crisp day! Yum!

Reply

    * Malinda Linnebur

November 3, 2020 at 1:35 pm

So glad you liked it!! Thanks for sharing!

Reply

  12. Nick Gurr

October 9, 2020 at 8:59 am

  
Literally not a single person wants to read a autobiography when looking for a
recipe. Post the ingredients and method at the top

Reply

    * Malinda Linnebur

October 12, 2020 at 11:21 am

I am sorry for the inconvenience this has caused you. However, there is a jump
to recipe button located at the very top of each post that will take you
straight to the recipe.

Reply

    * G. Davis

January 3, 2021 at 8:47 pm

Is this the first online recipe you‚Äôve ever read? Geesh‚Ä¶passive aggressive
much? I bet you‚Äôre fun at parties‚Ä¶üôÑ

Reply

    * G. Smithfield

April 5, 2021 at 11:14 am

Move on buddy.. scroll down to recipe or use the convenient "jump to recipe
button!" Such an angry boy.

Reply

  13. Kasha

December 10, 2018 at 7:43 pm

  
A winter hit with my picky son

Reply

    * Malinda Linnebur

December 11, 2018 at 12:08 pm

I am so glad you enjoyed the soup!! And thank you for sharing!!

Reply

  14. Danielle Green

August 30, 2018 at 10:17 am

  
Ramen Noodles can be so versatile, and this looks like a delicious dish! Going
to have to try this!

Reply

    * Malinda

August 31, 2018 at 11:48 am

Thank you! It makes a really quick lunch!

Reply

  15. Julie Evink

August 27, 2018 at 7:55 am

  
Love that this gave me my Ramen fix but without all that sodium and crap!
Can't wait to eat this all fall and winter!

Reply

    * Malinda

August 31, 2018 at 11:59 am

YES! An easy way to make it a little healthier and still feel like you are
eating Ramen!

Reply

  16. papa

August 25, 2018 at 12:39 pm

Growing up in Rhode Island within walking distance of Rocky Point Park, we
always got take out chowder from the Shore Dinner Hall the one that hung out
over the river. That was a red broth chowder but definitely NOT Manhattan. It
was basically Rhode Island clear broth chowder with, I think, tomato puree and
paprika to color the broth red. I loved it because I didn"t like the looks of
regular clear broth chowder. I think that you can still get it at the Rocky
Point Chowder house that sets up in the Ann & Hope parking lot in Warwick. I
now live in New Hampshire so I don"t get to eat it much anymore, but that was
always my favorite chowder.

Reply

  17. Melissa Howell

August 24, 2018 at 9:15 am

  
This sounds so good! Ramen is an art form in Japan, and I think you might give
the masters a run for their money!

Reply

    * Malinda

August 24, 2018 at 9:43 am

Lol, I don't know about that!! üòâ Thank you!!

Reply

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name Email

Notify me via e-mail if anyone answers my comment.

Œî

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

#### **Welcome!**

Hi, my name is Malinda and welcome to Countryside Cravings! Here you will find
recipes to please the whole family. I hope you‚Äôll stay and have a look around.

About Work with us

#### **Sign up for** **a FREE** **recipe** **Ebook!!**

  

Weekly Recaps  
Daily Emails

#### Meal Type

  * APPETIZERS
  * BREADS
  * BREAKFAST
  * DESSERTS
  * SAUCES
  * MAIN DISHES
  * SALADS
  * SIDES
  * SOUPS

#### Cooking Method

  * 30 MINUTES OR LESS
  * BAKING
  * GRILLING
  * FREEZER FRIENDLY
  * ONE POT MEAL
  * SHEET PAN
  * SLOW-COOKER

#### Dietary

  * DAIRY-FREE
  * GLUTEN-FREE
  * HEALTHY
  * NUT-FREE
  * VEGETARIAN

#### Holiday

  * CHRISTMAS
  * CINCO DE MAYO
  * FATHER‚ÄôS DAY
  * FOURTH OF JULY
  * MOTHER‚ÄôS DAY
  * NEW YEAR‚ÄôS EVE
  * ST. PATRICK‚ÄôS DAY
  * THANKSGIVING
  * VALENTINE‚ÄôS DAY

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

Countryside Cravings (C) 2022\. All Rights Reserved. | About | Privacy Policy
| Recipes

Close

  * Home
  * About
  * All Recipes
  * Meal Type
    * Appetizers
    * Breads
    * Breakfast
    * Desserts
    * Sauces
    * Main Dishes
    * Salads
    * Sides
    * Soups
  * Cooking Method
    * 30 Minutes or Less
    * Baking
    * Grilling
    * Freezer Friendly
    * One Pot Meal
    * Sheet Pan
    * Slow-Cooker
  * Dietary
    * Dairy-Free
    * Gluten-Free
    * Healthy
    * Nut-Free
    * Vegetarian
  * Holiday
    * Christmas
    * Cinco de Mayo
    * Father's Day
    * Fourth of July
    * Mother's Day
    * New Year's Eve
    * St. Patrick's Day
    * Thanksgiving
    * Valentine's Day
  * Contact

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

