https://dinnerbydennis.com/seafood-ramen/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to footer

  * Home
  * About
  * Breakfast
  * Appetizers
  * Dinner
  * Dessert
  * Search

# Sapporo Miso Seafood Ramen (Squid and Scallops)

April 3, 2020 by Dennis Leave a Comment

Seafood ramen is a popular variety of the more traditional miso ramen, which
was invented in Sapporo! Sapporo happens to be the capital of Hokkaido, which
is the second largest island of Japan, as well as the northernmost province.

Hokkaido is basically a winter wonderland, and that's reflected in their miso
seafood ramen. What do you want during a harsh winter? Something hearty,
right? As much protein and fat as possible. And obviously, piping hot.

This really hits the ticket. I never thought butter would be a good ramen
topping, but it blew me away (see my ramen guide for more topping ideas). The
squid and scallops were tender. The broth was fantastic without spending 4
hours making a bone broth. Speaking of taking a long time, let's break down
the recipe below.

* * *

Jump to Recipe

* * *

## **Making The Miso Seafood Ramen**

There are a lot of ingredients to this recipe, luckily a lot of them can be
reused or re-purposed (drink your leftover sake). If you see something you
aren't a fan of (like squid), you can leave it out or make your own
substitutions.

### **The Miso Seafood Broth**

The broth is the most complex part of this seafood ramen. If you want to make
a bone broth to start, you can do that, but if you're feeling lazy like me,
start with premade chicken broth. The other essentials are miso, sesame oil,
garlic, bonito flakes, ginger, mirin, shiitake mushrooms, sake, and soy sauce.
I also used dried kelp, dried anchovies, and dried shrimp to give the broth
that concentrated Sea of Japan flavor (which might be unnecessary if you use
bonito flakes).

#### **Saute The Dry Ingredients**

I sauteed the dry ingredients in a skillet with a tablespoon of sesame oil.
This releases their flavors before adding them to the broth. This is crucial,
don't skip this step. It only takes about 5 minutes and will result in a much
more flavorful seafood ramen.

* * *

#### **Kelp and Miso**

If you are using dried kelp, you need to reconstitute it in a bowl of water
for about 10 minutes before adding it to the broth. Miso has a really long
shelf life, like a year! Not really advice, I just think that's really cool.

#### **Other Thoughts On Seafood Ramen Broth**

It is possible that the fish and the shrimps won't dissolve. You can still eat
them, personally I like it, but if that grosses you out you can strain them
out. Let the broth simmer for at least half an hour first, so it has the
chance to absorb most of the flavor. Also, if you use low sodium chicken broth
to start, you need to add more soy sauce than the seafood miso ramen recipe
calls for.

* * *

### **The Seafood**

I chose to use squid and scallops as the main stars. Both are used at local
establishments in Sapporo. Crab is too, but I don't have the budget for that
yet. This was honestly my first time cooking with squid. I was worried, but it
was really easy.

If you get just the tentacles all you have to do is drop them in the broth and
boil for about 4 minutes. If you get whole squid then you have to clean them,
and that gets messy. Also, no one will love you if you smell like squid. Ever.
Again.

### **The Seafood Ramen Noodles**

I'll try to make my own noodles in the future, but for now I'm using the
premade stuff. You should be able to find some quality ramen noodles at an
Asian market; cheap too! Don't buy the instant ones though. All you have to do
is boil the noodles in a separate pot of water and drain them. Then, add them
to your bowl with some broth, and serve your seafood miso ramen.

If you're interested in other Japanese recipes, try my akashiyaki (fried
octopus balls). Or, if you're feeling soups, how about wonton egg noodle soup?
I made the noodles by hand!

* * *

## Sapporo Miso Seafood Ramen

Dennis

A miso ramen from Sapporo, with squid, scallops, corn, and butter.

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 10 mins

Cook Time 1 hr 10 mins

Total Time 1 hr 20 mins

Course Main Course, Soup

Cuisine Japanese

Servings 3

Calories 524 kcal

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * 4 cups chicken broth
  * 2 cups water
  * 4 tbsp miso paste
  * 1 tbsp sesame oil
  * 3 garlic cloves minced
  * 1 tbsp ginger minced
  * ¼ cup dried sardines (niboshi)
  * ¼ cup dried shrimp
  * ⅓ lb shiitake mushrooms sliced
  * 3 eggs (softboiled, optional topping)
  * 1 green onion sliced
  * ½ cup corn
  * ½ lb squid  tentacles
  * ½ lb scallops
  * 1½ tbsp butter
  * 3 ramen noodles (bunches)
  * 1 tbsp soy sauce
  * 4 dried kelp
  * ¼ cup bonito flakes
  * 3 dried seaweed (the rectanglar ones, optional)

### Instructions



  * Combine chicken broth and water in a pot and bring to boil.

  * Add sesame oil to a skillet and heat up. Add garlic and ginger, fry for 2 minutes. Add sardines and dried shrimp, fry for 5 minutes. Add mushrooms, fry for 3 minutes. Add everything to the pot.

  * Add soy sauce, kelp, bonito flakes, miso paste. Simmer on medium low for at least 30 minutes. Taste, make any desired adjustments.

  * Melt some butter in the skillet. Saute the scallops for 2 minutes on each side. Turn heat off.

  * In a separate pot, boil water and add 3 servings of ramen noodles. Boil for 4 minutes, or until noodles are done. Drain water.

  * Add squid to the pot. Cook for 4 minutes, then turn heat to simmer. Add scallops. 

  * Add a serving of noodles to a bowl. Add the broth. Top with corn, 1/2 tbsp butter, green onion, softboiled egg, and dried seaweed if desired.

### Nutrition

Calories: 524kcalCarbohydrates: 24gProtein: 62gFat: 20gSaturated Fat:
7gCholesterol: 611mgSodium: 3551mgPotassium: 1105mgFiber: 3gSugar: 4gVitamin
A: 567IUVitamin C: 29mgCalcium: 174mgIron: 5mg

Keyword miso ramen, ramen, Sapporo, scallops, seafood, seafood ramen, squid

Tried this recipe?Let us know how it was!

Filed Under: Dinner Tagged With: Japanese, miso ramen, ramen, Sapporo,
scallops, seafood, seafood ramen, squid

#### About Dennis

When I'm not experimenting in the kitchen, I enjoy rock climbing and acting.
Meme expert. Anime connoisseur.

Previous Post: « The Complete Dumpling Recipe Guide: 45 Countries

Next Post: How To Make Blue and Green Milk From Star Wars Galaxy's Edge »

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

## Footer

### Archives

  * March 2022
  * June 2021
  * May 2021
  * April 2021
  * March 2021
  * February 2021
  * January 2021
  * December 2020
  * November 2020
  * October 2020
  * September 2020
  * August 2020
  * July 2020
  * June 2020
  * May 2020
  * April 2020
  * March 2020
  * February 2020
  * January 2020
  * December 2019
  * November 2019
  * October 2019
  * September 2019

Copyright (C) 2022 Dinner By Dennis on the Foodie Pro Theme  

0 SHARE

