https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/sichuan-braised-fish/qsrlvhp8


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Sichuan-braised fish

  * _50m_ prep
  * _25m_ cook
  * _6_ servings 

Rate Now

Save Recipe

51 people saved this

This spicy fish dish is sure to impress. Serve with steamed rice as part of an
Asian-inspired banquet.

Alison Adams

Food Editor

104 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain yeast, gluten, wheat, tree nut and groundnut.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 13 Ingredients 
  * 4 Method Steps 

#### 13 Ingredients

  * 1 (about 900g) whole snapper, cleaned, scaled 

  * 2 tbsp shaoxing wine 

  * 3 tsp Lee Kum Kee Premium Soy Sauce 

  * 2 tsp cornflour 

  * Peanut oil, to deep-fry 

  * 1 tbsp fresh ginger, finely shredded 

  * 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced 

  * 2 tbsp Lee Kum Kee Chilli Bean Sauce 

  * 250ml (1 cup) Massel chicken style liquid stock 

  * 1 tsp caster sugar 

  * 1 tsp chinkiang vinegar 

  * Green shallots, trimmed, sliced 

  * Steamed rice, to serve 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 4 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Use a sharp knife to score both sides of the fish  (1 (about 900g) whole
snapper, cleaned, scaled) in a diamond pattern, taking care not to cut through
to the backbone. Place the fish in a glass or ceramic dish and rub the inside
and outside with shaoxing wine  (2 tbsp shaoxing wine) and some salt. Place
the fish in the fridge for 30 minutes to marinate.

  * Step 2

Combine the soy sauce  (3 tsp Lee Kum Kee Premium Soy Sauce) and cornflour  (2
tsp cornflour) in a small bowl. Set aside.

  * Step 3

Pour enough oil  (Peanut oil, to deep-fry) into a large wok to come one-third
of the way up the side. Heat the wok over high heat until the oil is smoking.
Remove the fish from the marinade and pat dry with paper towel. Gently slide
fish into oil and cook for 2 minutes each side (be careful when turning).
Carefully transfer to a serving dish. Allow the oil to cool slightly, then
discard all but 2 tbs.

  * Step 4

Return the wok to high heat. Add the ginger  (1 tbsp fresh ginger, finely
shredded) and garlic  (2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced) and cook for 1 minute
or until aromatic. Add the chilli bean sauce  (2 tbsp Lee Kum Kee Chilli Bean
Sauce) and stir for 2 minutes. Add the stock  (250ml (1 cup) Massel chicken
style liquid stock). Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 5
minutes or until reduced slightly. Return the fish to the wok and simmer for 8
minutes or until cooked through. Carefully transfer the fish to a serving
dish. Add the soy sauce mixture to the wok and simmer for 3 minutes or until
thickened slightly. Add the sugar  (1 tsp caster sugar) and vinegar  (1 tsp
chinkiang vinegar). Pour hot sauce over fish and sprinkle with the shallot
(Green shallots, trimmed, sliced). Serve with rice  (Steamed rice, to serve).

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

0 people made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

51 people saved this

### Recipe Notes

Serves 6 as part of a banquet.

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by Jeremy Simons

##  Popular on Taste

  1. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

  2. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

  3. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

  4. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  5. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

  6. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  7. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

  8. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

