https://www.food.com/recipe/szechuan-fish-14940


  * Recipes
    * Breakfast & Brunch Recipes 
    * Lunch Recipes 
    * Appetizers & Snack Recipes 
    * Dinner Recipes 
    * Dessert Recipes 
    * Drink & Cocktail Recipes 
    * Side Dish Recipes 
    * Grilling & BBQ Recipes 
    * Microwave Recipes 
    * Quick & Easy Recipes 
    * Slow-Cooker Recipes 
    * Air Fryer Recipes 
    * Instant Pot Recipes 
    * Baking Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Popular
    * Trending Now 
    * Casserole Recipes 
    * Chili Recipes 
    * Soup Recipes 
    * Pasta Recipes 
    * Bread Recipes 
    * Cookie Recipes 
    * Salad Recipes 
    * Tofu Recipes 
    * Copycat Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Meat & Seafood
    * Chicken Recipes 
    * Salmon Recipes 
    * Pork Chop Recipes 
    * Ground Beef Recipes 
    * Shrimp Recipes 
  * Healthy & Diet
    * Keto Recipes 
    * Healthy Recipes 
    * Vegetarian Recipes 
    * Vegan Recipes 
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes 
    * Weight Watchers Recipes 
    * Low-Carb Recipes 
    * Gluten-Free Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Holidays
    * Dinner Party Recipes 
    * Game Day Recipes 
    * Valentine's Day Recipes 
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes 
    * Easter Recipes 
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes 
    * Mother's Day Recipes 
    * Memorial Day Recipes 
    * Juneteenth Recipes 
    * 4th of July Recipes 
    * Halloween Recipes 
    * Thanksgiving Recipes 
    * Hanukkah Recipes 
    * Christmas Recipes 
    * New Year's Recipes 
  * Cuisine
    * Mexican Recipes 
    * Italian Recipes 
    * Indian Recipes 
    * Thai Recipes 
    * Korean Recipes 
    * French Recipes 
    * Latin American Recipes 
    * Chinese Recipes 
    * Japanese Recipes 
    * Spanish Recipes 
  * Seasonal
    * Spring Recipes 
    * Summer Recipes 
    * Fall Recipes 
    * Winter Recipes 
    * See More 

icons / profile

icons / arrow / arrow-left

  1. Recipes 
  2. Vegetable 

# Szechuan Fish

9

Recipe by Bergy

9

People talking

Join In Now  Join the conversation!

  *   * 

Save Recipe

Very tasty easy dish. You can use other seafood in this same sauce just be
careful if you are doing prawn, that you don't over cook them. Marinate them
in the sauce, remove and cook in the wok for 3 minutes,remove from wok, cook
sauce and put the prawns in for about 1 more minute

Ready In:

    30mins

Serves:

     4 

Units:

     US 

icons / print PRINT RECIPE

  * icons / email
  * icons / social / pinterest
  * icons / social / facebook

9

People talking

Join In Now  Join the conversation!

## ingredients

Nutrition

  * 1  lb red snapper (or other firm white fish) or 1 lb cod, cut onto 1 1/2" pieces (or other firm white fish)
  * 2  green onions, chopped 
  * 3  cloves garlic, minced 
  * 1  cup fish stock (or use chicken stock)
  * 3  tablespoons soy sauce
  * 1  tablespoon rice vinegar
  * 1  tablespoon ginger, grated 
  * 1  tablespoon sherry wine
  * 1⁄2 teaspoon chili pepper, crushed 

## directions

  * In a wok brown the fish on all sides with the green onion& garlic.
  * Combine remaining ingredients and pour over the fish.
  * Cover& cook on low heat for 20 minutes.

Submit a Recipe Correction

#### MY PRIVATE NOTES

Add a Note

Advertisement

Advertisement

### RECIPE MADE WITH LOVE BY

Follow Me

@Bergy

Contributor

@Bergy

Contributor

"Very tasty easy dish. You can use other seafood in this same sauce just be
careful if you are doing prawn, that you don't over cook them. Marinate them
in the sauce, remove and cook in the wok for 3 minutes,remove from wok, cook
sauce and put the prawns in for about 1 more minute"

  * ###### recipes

1523

  * ###### tweaks

155

  * ###### photos

6826

icons / sparkles / sparkles

### JOIN THE CONVERSATION

icons / sparkles / sparkles

icons / camera

upload

icons / star / star-outline

review

icons / write-a-review

tweak

icons / question

ask

all

reviews

tweaks

q&a

sort by: most popularmost recent icons / navigate / navigate-down

  1. review by  mvandyke1 

5/27/2021

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

Made this with ling fillets. It was perfect on my first attempt. It's now in
my regular recipe list. Thankyou.

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  2. review by  GQ HQ 

9/5/2009

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

Tasty and simple to make. I was too chicken to brown the fish and simmer for
20 mins as I felt it would be over cooked, so I just simmered for as long as I
dared before adding some prawns for a final quick simmer. I did thicken
slightly with cornflour but don't feel it was entirely necessary. Quick and
YUM!

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  3. review by  Darkhunter 

7/29/2008

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

This was a great dish, Bergy! So simple to put together. Didn't need to change
a thing. Oops, did use a veggie stock as it was what I had on hand. Served
over white rice w/stir-fry veggies of course. Will have again. Thnx for
posting, Bergy,.

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  4. review by  Cilantro in Canada 

12/6/2007

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

I had some cooked shrimp that needed to be used up, so I used that in place of
the fish. This was very easy to had lots of flavour. Thanks for the recipe

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  5. review by  Jules127 

11/1/2007

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

I had some trouble with my fish sticking so my presentation suffered, but this
was still very good. I would have preferred to use fish stock, but didn't have
any on hand. I served this over rice with stir fried baby bok choy. I would
love to try with shrimp!

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

see 6 more icons / navigate / navigate-down

Advertisement

### YOU'LL ALSO LOVE

How to Make Meatball Sub Kolaches

28 Springtime Salads for Easter

42 Ideas for a Ham-Free Easter Dinn...

How to Cook Perfect Pork Tenderloin

View All Recipes

### RELATED PAGES

Zabaglione SauceChicken PepperoniClassic Lemon Drop MartiniLemon Pepper Mashed
PotatoesGrilled Beer CornChocolate Dream Cream DessertMacho's ChiliDrop
BrowniesRoast Carrots With a Twist

View Suggestions

BACK TO TOP

icons / social / facebook icons / social / pinterest icons / social / twitter
icons / social / youtube icons / email

  * All Categories 
  * Site Map 
  * About Us 
  * Help 

The Discovery Family of Networks

  * HGTV
  * DIY Network
  * Food Network
  * Cooking Channel
  * Travel Channel
  * HGTV Poland

© 2022 Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. or its subsidiaries and affiliates. All
rights reserved.

  * Advertise
  * AdChoices
  * Privacy Notice
  * Visitor Agreement

California Privacy Notice CA Do Not Sell My Info

