https://www.mirchitales.com/chilli-garlic-fried-rice-simple-garlic-fried-rice/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Eid Recipes
  * Pakistani Recipes
  * Pantry Guide
  * Recipe Index
  * About
  * search...

menu icon

  * Eid Recipes
  * Pakistani Recipes
  * Pantry Guide
  * Recipe Index
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

search icon

search...

  * Eid Recipes
  * Pakistani Recipes
  * Pantry Guide
  * Recipe Index
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

×

Mirchi Tales » Recipes » Chicken » **Chilli garlic fried rice | Simple garlic
fried rice**

# Chilli garlic fried rice | Simple garlic fried rice

Published: Sep 11, 2020 · Modified: Sep 10, 2020 by Kiran

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

This chilli garlic fried rice recipe is an Indo Chinese style recipe - an
Indian twist to Chinese fried rice by adding lots of garlic and spices. Ready
in less than 30 minutes, it’s an excellent option for a weeknight dinner. It’s
also a one pot meal - everything is cooked together in one pot, so minimal
washing up. Lastly, it’s super adaptable - uses minimal ingredients and is a
great way to use up leftovers in the fridge and pantry, especially boiled
rice.

## **Why do I love this chilli garlic fried rice so much?**

**It’s super versatile:** This recipe is so adaptable and can be made using
whatever meat and vegetables are available at home. One carrot or two carrots,
fresh vegetables or frozen vegetables, raw chicken or leftover chicken pieces
from a salan, beef and chicken both, or no meat at all. It always tastes
delicious.

**It’s a great way to use up leftovers:** Anytime I have leftover rice and I
need to use it up, I will look through the fridge for whatever meat and
vegetables I have, then cook this recipe up.

**It’s a one pot meal:** Regular fried rice usually requires an additional
gravy on the side, but the assortment of ingredients along with the spices
makes this a complete meal. It’s also made in one pot, so minimal washing up
is needed.

**It can be switched up with sauces and spices:** The two spices that should
be kept constant in this recipe are red chilli flakes and garlic, but other
than that there are so many options to play around in this recipe. Drizzle a
few drops of sesame oil in the end for a more traditional Chinese flavour, add
hoisin sauce or oyster sauce for a richer and smokier taste, use Thai curry
paste to make Thai style chilli fried rice, add more chilli or sriracha sauce
for an even stronger kick. This Desi twist to fried rice is bound to be a
favourite in your home as well.

## **Tips for making fried rice:**

**Use cold, day old rice** : Freshly cooked rice is too soft and wet, and will
not give the right fried rice texture. The best rice for fried rice is cold,
day old rice because the rice grains have dried out. I actually love fried
rice because it’s a great way to use up leftover rice. In case you don’t have
old rice, you can make the rice fresh, just take it out in a baking tray and
let it cool down before using in the fried rice recipe.

**Season with salt carefully:** This recipe uses soy sauce and chicken cube,
both of which can be quite salty depending from brand to brand . Plus the
leftover rice will also be seasoned beforehand. So always taste the fried rice
in the end, and then add additional salt if needed.

**Vegetables:** Pretty much any vegetable can be used in this stir fry, just
make sure to dice and chop them all the same size so that they cook evenly. My
preferred vegetables are onions, peas, carrots, corn, and capsicum. I also
like to add spring onions at the end as garnish, and since I rarely have fresh
spring onion with me, I will chop spring onion up and keep it in the freezer
so I can use it as needed.

**Use the right pan:** Fried rice is traditionally made in a wok, which is
ideal as the rice can be tossed without flying around everywhere. If you don’t
have a wok, you can use a skillet or a pot just make sure it is large with
enough surface area for the rice to fry properly.

Looking for other Asian style recipes - check out the following:

  1. ### Lemon Garlic Chicken

  2. ### Healthy Chicken Manchurian

  3. ### Sesame Chilli Chicken

  4. ### Sweet and Sour Chicken

  5. ### Chicken and Vegetable Spring Rolls

  6. ### Fish and Vegetable Stir Fry

**_Would love it if you could try out and rate the recipe, and let me know how
it was in the comments below!_**

**_To keep updated with recipes, stories and more follow me on Facebook_
_here_ and _Instagram_ _here_**

Print Recipe

5 from 1 vote

## Chilli Garlic Fried Rice

This chilli garlic fried rice recipe is an Indo Chinese style recipe - an
Indian twist to Chinese fried rice by adding lots of garlic and spices. Ready
in less than 30 minutes, it’s an excellent option for a weeknight dinner.

Prep Time5 mins

Cook Time25 mins

Total Time30 mins

Course: Dinner, Lunch

Cuisine: Chinese, Indian, IndoChinese, Pakistani

Servings: 3 people

Calories: 150kcal

Author: Kiran

### Ingredients

#### For the eggs:

  * ▢ 1 teaspoon oil
  * ▢ 2 eggs
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon salt
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon red chilli powder

#### For the chilli garlic fried rice:

  * ▢ 2 teaspoons oil
  * ▢ 2 cloves garlic sliced
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon garlic paste
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon red chili flakes
  * ▢ 200 gm  boneless chicken sliced
  * ▢ 2 cups assorted vegetables sliced
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon vinegar
  * ▢ 1 chicken cube
  * ▢ 3 cups boiled rice at least a day old (I have used Basmati rice, but you can use brown rice or whatever rice is available)
  * ▢ Spring onions for garnish (optional)

### Instructions

#### For the eggs:

  * Crack the eggs in a bowl and season with salt and red chili powder. Whisk well.

  * Heat 1 teaspoon oil in a large non stick wok or non stick frying pan and add the eggs.

  * Cook the eggs till they are slightly set from the side, then scramble with a spatula so they resemble scrambled eggs.

  * Once the eggs are completely cooked, remove and set aside.

#### For the chilli garlic fried rice:

  * In the same pan, add the remaining oil along with the sliced garlic. Saute the garlic till light golden and then add the garlic paste and red chilli flakes.

  * Saute for about 30 seconds - 45 seconds till the red chilli flakes release their aroma and then add the boneless chicken.

  * Cook the chicken for about 2 minutes till it changes colour from pink to white and then add the assorted vegetables.

  * Saute for a few minutes, and then add soy sauce, vinegar and chicken cube.

  * Add boiled rice (should be cold) and toss through. Taste and add salt if needed.  
  

  * Once rice is warmed, add the scrambled egg and toss again. Top with spring onions (if available)   

  * Serve hot. 

### Notes

 **Rice:** The best rice for fried rice is cold, day old rice because the rice
grains have dried out. In case you don’t have old rice, you can make the rice
fresh, just take it out in a baking tray and let it cool down before using in
the chilli garlic fried rice recipe.

**Salt:** Add salt right at the end after tasting the rice. This recipe uses
soy sauce and chicken cube, both of which can be quite salty. So taste the
fried rice in the end, and then add additional salt if needed.

**Vegetables:** I usually use a mix of fresh and frozen vegetables for this
recipe - onions, carrots, peas, corn, and capiscum. You can pretty much any
vegetable in this stir fry, just dice them all the same size so that they cook
evenly.

### Nutrition

Calories: 150kcal

Tried this Recipe? Tag me Today!Mention @MirchiTales or tag #mirchitales!

« Lemon Blueberry Muffins - Quick and Easy Recipe

Creamy mushroom sauce | A mushroom sauce that goes with everything! »

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Hera says

November 08, 2021 at 6:36 pm

  
The best way to use leftover rice. Loved the use of chili flakes in this
recipe.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi, I'm Kiran!**

Welcome to my kitchen. Here you will find Pakistani and Indian recipes along
with delicious tea time desserts. I am all about putting a modern twist to
traditional South Asian recipes for the contemporary kitchen.

More about me →

### Eid Recipes

  * Chapli Kabab Sliders | Pakistani Chapli Kabab Mini Burgers

  * Pakistani Qeema recipe | Breakfast qeema with onions | Pakistani ground mince 

  * Yakhni Pulao | Mutton Yakhni Pulao | Goat meat pilaf 

  * How to make a Cheese Board for South Asians (Add a Pakistani Indian twist to your Cheese Board)

  * Bhuna Gosht | Beef Bhuna | Pakistani Beef Curry

  * Shami Kebab Recipe (Stovetop and Pressure Cooker Method)

### Popular Recipes

  * Kaali daal or khari masoor ki daal | Black gram lentils

  * Pakistani aloo keema | Ground mince with potato curry

  * Aloo ki Tahari or Aloo Chawal | Spiced Potato Rice

  * Air fryer paratha | How to make frozen paratha in an air fryer

  * Vegetarian Zucchini Slice

  * 25+ Pakistani Vegetarian Recipes you HAVE to make!

## Footer

↑ back to top

Privacy Policy

Copyright © 2021 **Mirchi Tales**

