https://www.ruchikrandhap.com/chilli-garlic-rice/


﻿ ↑

  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipes
  * Recipes A-Z
  * Travel
  * Copyright
  * Media
  * Privacy Policy
  * Shop
  * Contact Me
  * Somethin’ Fishy
  * Search this website

Ruchik Randhap

Food & Memories of Mangalore

You are here: Home / All Posts / Chilli Garlic Rice

February 1, 2017

# Chilli Garlic Rice

134

SHARES

TwitterFacebook134PinterestPocketTelegramWhatsAppYummly

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

Pin

A one pot meal is usually my meal of choice and even more so as a mother of
two. I have to think of meal ideas on a daily basis and sometimes this daily
rigmarole can really get to me! If I have some leftover rice I usually like to
make a quick egg fried rice or ‘puliogre’ (tamarind rice) using the MTR ready
spice mix (of course!). My kids lap it up without a fuss as rice and yogurt is
their preferred meal too but since I like to spruce it up a bit and make it
more colourful and nutritious I like to add a few things to plain rice.

Ever since we moved to a new place last month I hadn’t tried out anything new.
The unpacking and settling in took centre stage and I heavily depended on
scheduled posts to run the blog but now I am back with renewed vigour to
sparkle the blog and dazzle you all with some great recipes. When the word
‘pulao’ comes to mind I have always played safe by trying out simple recipes
and so when I came across this one I was wondering if the outcome would be as
great as it sounded. Since the recipe was not accompanied by any pictures I
used my mind’s eye to conjure up an image of how the end result would look
like and I think the result was spot on!

Pin

Pin

The best thing that I liked about this rice is that it not only tastes good if
you are looking for a simple and nutritious way of reusing leftover rice but
it also doubles up as an Indo-Chinese dish if you use Chinese condiments such
as sesame oil and soy sauce to flavour it. You can use some store bought or
homemade schezuan sauce for that added pizzaz! Throw in a few bean sprouts and
spring onion greens or perhaps scramble an egg or two and shredded cooked
chicken to make it a complete veg or non-veg dish to go with your oriental
accompaniments. It is really very easy to impress people with this dish, trust
me!

You can also make it for your weekday meal if you have some pre-cooked rice
handy. However, please note that fully cooked rice will turn mushy when you
start mixing it all together. This is why for fried rice and such, we cook the
rice al-dente (90% done). A day old, refrigerated rice works best, especially
if you have cooked a variety of rice that retains its texture without turning
mushy (like surti kolam, sona masoori or sela basmati rice). So try it and let
me know how it turned out!

You may like these other simple and flavourful rice varieties from my archives

Tomato Rice

Corn Rice

Zaffrani Pulao

Peas Pulao

Sweet Pulao

Mixed Veg Pulao

Goan Chorizo (Pork Sausage) Pulao

Chicken Fried Rice

Keema Rice

Yang Zhou Fried Rice

Pin

Pin

## Chilli Garlic Rice

A simple and nutritious way of reusing leftover rice that can also double up
as an Indo-Chinese dish if you use Chinese condiments such as sesame oil and
soy sauce to flavour it. Perfect midweek treat!

No ratings yet

Print Pin Rate

Course: Rice

Cuisine: Indo Chinese

Keyword: Brown Rice, Chilli Garlic, Fried Rice

Prep Time: 15 minutes

Cook Time: 15 minutes

Total Time: 30 minutes

Author: Shireen Sequeira

1x2x3xServings

### Ingredients

  * 1 cup basmati rice
  * 1 cup finely shredded cabbage
  * 1/2 a bell pepper (capsicum), deseeded and cubed
  * 1/4 cup carrots, grated or finely chopped
  * 1/4 cup snow peas or french beans, cut into 1/2" pieces
  * 1 large onion, finely chopped
  * oil for frying
  * salt to taste

#### To be ground (see note#3 for alternatives)

  * 3-4 long dry red chillies, adjust to taste, remove seeds to tone down spice
  * 5-6 fat cloves of garlic flakes

### Instructions

  * Wash the rice till the water runs clear. Soak for 15 minutes in plenty of water.

  * Bring a large pot of water to a rolling boil. Add the washed and soaked rice and cook it al dente (90% cooked). Strain and spread out on a large plate. Let it cool

  * Using water sparingly (about 1-2 tablespoons) grind the ingredients mentioned under 'To be ground' to a fine paste. Mix this paste into the cooked rice and keep aside

  * Heat the oil in a large wok and fry the onions till pale (translucent). Add the rest of the vegetables in this order, giving half a minute between additions - carrots, beans, capsicum, bean sprouts and cabbage. Fry everything on a high heat, tossing them about using a spatula to avoid scorching. Sprinkle a little salt.

  * When the vegetables are tender but not mushy (they should have some crunch left in them so don't over cook or burn them!) add the rice and mix everything on a high heat. Adjust salt to taste

  * Garnish with spring onion greens if using and serve hot!

### Notes

1\. Add a cup of boneless chicken which has been washed, drained, marinated
with salt & pepper and shallow fried in 2 tablespoons of oil. Shred it when
warm enough to handle and add it to the pan and stir fry for a minute before
adding the rice (step#5)  
2\. To make an Indo-Chinese version (like a fried rice), use sesame oil (not
til oil but the oriental variety) and soy sauce to flavour it. Also, add
vegetables such as bean sprouts and spring onions to finish .  
3\. If you wish you can use readymade or Homemade schezuan sauce. Just use 1
tablespoon or to taste (increase it later, according to taste). Skip the
garlic and chillies mentioned under 'To be ground' in that case  
4\. To make a non vegetarian version just scramble 2 eggs separately and add
it once the rice has been properly mixed. You can also add pre cooked chicken
(marinated in salt & pepper and boiled or shallow fried and then shredded)

### Disclaimer

The nutritional values are only indicative.

Tried this recipe?Please leave a comment & rate the recipe below or share a
photo on Instagram and tag me @ruchikrandhap

Recipe adapted from 100 Rice Delights by Mallika Badrinath

134

SHARES

TwitterFacebook134PinterestPocketTelegramWhatsAppYummly

Filed Under: All Posts, Rice, Pasta and One Pot Meals, Vegan Tagged With:
Garlic

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

### Comments

  1. Shobha says

February 1, 2017 at 9:54 am

My favourite one pot meal..

Reply

## Primary Sidebar

### Looking for Something?

Search this website

### Stay Connected

I am Shireen Sequeira a Mangalorean living in Dubai. I love trying out new
recipes and giving them a twist of my own. However, I do try my best to
preserve the authenticity of traditional Mangalorean recipes. Know More...

### Trending This Week

  * Butter Cake | How To Make Soft & Moist Butter Cake
  * Traditional Irish Christmas Cake
  * Rogan Josh
  * Special Surmai (Kingfish) Curry (With Or Without Coconut)
  * Egg Butter Masala
  * Dried Shrimp Chutney (Galmbyachi Chetni) +Video!
  * Barley Pulao ~ Diabetic Friendly Recipe

### Subscribe To Receive Recipes Directly In Your Mailbox!

Leave this field empty if you're human:

### Categories

  * Airfryer Recipes
  * All Posts
    * Recipe Compilations
  * Baby & Toddler
  * Bakes
    * Breads
    * Cakes, Cupcakes & Brownies
    * Cookies, Tarts & Bars
    * Healthy Bakes
    * Pies & Puffs
  * Basic Recipes
  * Beverages
  * Breakfast
  * Chicken
    * Indo Chinese
  * Chutneys Dips & Sauces
  * Coconut Milk Based Recipes
  * Eggs
  * Festive Cooking
    * Christmas
    * Monthi Feast
  * Global Cuisine and Fusion Food
  * Home Remedies
  * Mangalorean Recipes
  * Meal Ideas
  * Mince
  * Mutton Beef and Pork
  * Poli & Seasonal Specialities
  * Preserves
    * Pickles & Jams
    * Spice Blends & Curry Pastes
  * Pressure Cooker Recipes
  * Recipes With Video
  * Restaurant Reviews
  * Rice, Pasta and One Pot Meals
  * Seafood
    * Fish
  * Soups & Salads
  * Starters, Snacks & Savouries
    * Appetizers & Starters
    * Snacks & Savouries
  * Sweets & Desserts
    * Indian Sweets
    * Western Desserts
  * Thanksgiving Recipes
  * The Boshi Series
  * Travel
  * Uncategorized
  * Vegetarian
    * Curries, Dals and Sambhars
    * Paneer
    * Sides
    * Vegan
  * When The Hubby Cooks!

Copyright © 2022 · Ruchik Randhap by Shireen Sequeira · Hosted & Managed by
Host My Blog

