https://yellowchilis.com/thai-red-curry-recipe/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Recipes
  * Collections
  * Soft Drinks
  * About
  * Subscribe
  * Search

menu icon

  * Recipes
  * Collections
  * Soft Drinks
  * About Us
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Recipes
  * Collections
  * Soft Drinks
  * About Us
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

Ã—

Home Â» Recipes Â» Thai Â» Thai Red Curry

# Thai Red Curry with Vegetables

Published: August 31, 2021 by Sangeetha Vel | Last Updated: August 2, 2022

70 shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe

**Thai Red Curry** with vegetables is a rich, creamy, and mildly spiced **side
dish** popular across the world. This authentic curry is usually made with
fresh vegetables, **Thai red curry paste** , coconut milk, and basil leaves
which makes this dish rich and unique and served for **lunch and dinner**. The
recipe I have shared here shows you how to make **Thai** Red Curry with easy
step-by-step instructions to prepare this at home. I have also attached a
detailed video tutorial for you to make the cooking process easy and simple.
This Thai Red Curry is a perfect **vegan-**friendly dish and tastes great over
white rice and similar dishes.

_Thai Red Curry with Vegetables_ Jump to:

  * What is Thai Red Curry?
  * Ingredients
  * How to make Thai Red Curry?
  * Variations
  * Tips
  * Calories in Thai Red Curry
  * Storage Suggestions
  * Serving Suggestions
  * Thai Red Curry Recipe video
  * ðŸ“– Recipe
  * FAQ

## What is Thai Red Curry?

Thai Red Curry is a popular side dish known for its bold flavor, and taste.
The authentic recipe is typically made with vegetables, tofu, chicken, fish,
shrimp, or lentils. The veggies or proteins are simmered in a mildly spiced
red curry sauce. Not to mention the rich and creamy texture and flavor from
the coconut milk makes the dish heavenly.

This Red Curry is not only super delicious but it is also easy to make **under
30 minutes** and customizable too. The recipe I have shared here is Thai Red
Curry with vegetables and it is an absolutely vegan-friendly wholesome dish.
And it is medium to mildly spiced when compared to green curries.

Similar to authentic red curry recipes, this vegetarian version is also made
with fresh red curry paste and simmered in rich coconut milk. Even though I
have used veggies here, you can add lentils, fish, **chicken** , **shrimp** ,
tofu, and other proteins to suit your taste buds. So let see what you will
need to make this curry.

## Ingredients

Here are the ingredients you will need for this recipe.

_Thai Red Curry Ingredients_

  * **Vegetables** \- I have used Bell Peppers, zucchini and carrots, but you can also use pumpkin, brocoli and squash for more options
  *  **Red Curry Paste** \- It delivers the authentic flavor and taste to your curry and you can also use store-bought paste and I have also shared tips to elevate its flavor and taste
  *  **Coconut Milk** \- It is one of the main ingredient that gives the authentic flavor and taste to the dish
  *  **Basil Leaves** \- Gives a fresh aroma and taste to this Red Curry Sauce
  *  **Soy Sauce and Palm Sugar** \- The soy sauce I have used here is a vegan friendly one and feel free to use your favorite that is handy to you. Authentic Red Curry also use shrimp paste or fish oil to enhance the taste which I skipped here

## How to make Thai Red Curry?

Thai Red Curry shared here is made with vegetables and uses freshly made **red
curry paste**. Following are the high-level instructions to make this dish.
But for simple and easy instructions with step-by-step photos, check out the
**recipe card below**.

_Thai Red Curry Vegan_

  1. **Cook the Coconut Milk** \- In a wok or pan with medium heat, pour the coconut milk and cook until it thickens and leaves its oil from its sides
  2.  **Add the Red Curry Paste** \- Now add the rec curry paste and saute until it turns aromatic
  3.  **Stir in the Veggies** \- Add all the veggies and mix well with the curry paste
  4.  **Pour in the Coconut Milk** \- Now add the coconut milk and water and mix well
  5.  **Add Soy Sauce and Palm Sugar** \- Mix in the soy sauce and palm or brown sugar and give a good mix
  6.  **Cook the Veggies** \- Boil the veggies in coconut milk mixture for about 7 to 10 minutes
  7.  **Simmer and Cook** \- Simmer the heat and cook the curry for another 3 to 5 minutes
  8.  **Garnish** \- Finally add Thai basil leaves and give a good mix. You can also add Kaffir Lime leaves to achieve a zesty taste and flavor. Since red curry paste already has kaffir lime as one of the ingredient I have skipped it
  9.  **Serve** \- Yay! now our Thai Red Curry is ready to taste and enjoy. Serve this delicious curry with white rice, brown rice, Thai coconut rice or fried rice

## Variations

  * **Red Curry with Chicken** \- You can also make this recipe with chicken, to do that add in the chicken pieces after sauting the curry paste. And rest of the process remains the same
  *  **Shrimp Red Curry** \- Shrimp or prawn also gives best taste and flavor to this red curry sauce. And you can also use fish to make red curry as well
  *  **Lentils** \- You can make this red curry with lentils to make a wholesome curry
  *  **Pumpkin** \- Adding pumpkin to chicken or vegetable red curry gives a nice flavor and taste

## Tips

  * **For Best flavor** \- Using homemade Thai red curry paste and sauteing them in the coconut milk gives the authentic flavor and taste to the curry
  *  **Veggie Options** \- I have added bell peppers and zucchini for this recipe and you can also use other veggies like squash, broccoli, pumpkin, and also lentils to have a healthy wholesome curry
  *  **For Store-Bought Curry Paste** \- Usually, store-bought red curry paste is mild in flavor, so you can saute the onions, ginger, and garlic in oil to elevate its flavor
  *  **Spice Level** \- This Thai Red Curry is mildly spiced and you can also add sriracha sauce and some sliced red chilies before serving to spruce up the heat
  *  **Vegan Friendly** \- This recipe shared here is a vegan-friendly Thai Red Curry and feel free to add chicken, shrimp, or other protein to make a non-vegan version
  *  **Best Combo -** This Thai Red Curry tastes great with white rice, Thai coconut rice, and fried rice

## Calories in Thai Red Curry

The recipe I have shared here contains 48 calories per serving. Here I haven't
added oil or meat proteins and it is all from the veggies and coconut milk I
have used here. The calorie count may change if the chicken and other proteins
are added. And note that this number is just an estimation only and you could
find the detailed nutrition value in the recipe card below.

## Storage Suggestions

This Thai Curry tastes great when served warm and tastes even more delicious
the next day. But make sure to store the curry in the refrigerator in an air-
tight container to retains its fresh flavor and taste.

## Serving Suggestions

This curry makes a great combo with white rice, brown rice, Thai fried rice,
or coconut rice. And you can also add your other side dishes to make the
perfect meal platter to suit this mildly spiced curry.

You could also find similar **Thai** **recipes** below and more at **Vegan
Recipes** and **Veg Curry** Recipes.

  * **Yellow Curry**
  *  **Panang Curry**
  *  **Thai Green Curry**
  *  **Pad Thai**
  *  **Thai Fish Cake**

## Thai Red Curry Recipe video

I have also shared a detailed video of this Thai Red Curry that I hope will
help you to make a perfect dish at home. For a quick reference, you could also
find this recipe in story format.

_Thai Red Curry Video_

## ðŸ“– Recipe

## Thai Red Curry with Vegetables

Thai Red Curry with vegetables is a rich, mildly spicy, and flavorful side
dish. It is prepared with vegetables that are simmered in an authentic red
curry paste sauce along with coconut milk. This Thai Red Curry is a vegan-
friendly dish and tastes great with rice, Thai fried rice, and can be served
for lunch or dinner.

5 from 1 vote

Author: Sangeetha Vel

Subscribe

Review

Course: Side Dish

Cuisine: Thai

Diet: Vegan

Prep: 10 mins

Cook: 20 mins

Adjust 4 servings

### Ingredients



US CustomaryMetric



1x2x3x

  * â–¢ 1 Â½ cup Coconut Milk, unsweetened
  * â–¢ 3 tbsp Red Curry Paste
  * â–¢ Â¼ cup Red Bell Pepper
  * â–¢ Â¼ cup Green Bell Pepper
  * â–¢ Â¼ cup Yellow Bell Pepper
  * â–¢ Â¼ cup Carrot
  * â–¢ Â¼ cup Zucchini
  * â–¢ 1 tbsp Soy Sauce
  * â–¢ 1 tsp Brown, or palm sugar
  * â–¢ Â¼ cup Thai Basil Leaves
  * â–¢ Salt, as needed
  * â–¢ 1 cup Water

More on Measurements & Conversions Â»

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Instructions



#### To prepare Thai Red Curry

  * In a wok, pour Â½ cup of coconut milk and stir and cook until it leaves oil from its sides

  * Add the red curry paste and saute well for 2 to 3 minutes or it turns fragrant

  * Now add red, green, and yellow bell peppers, carrots, zucchini, salt and mix well

  * Add the 1 cup of coconut milk and 1 cup of water and give a good mix

  * Now add soy sauce, palm or brown sugar and give a nice mix

  * Allow the veggies to cook for about 7 to 10 minutes in the coconut milk

  * Simmer the heat and cook the curry for 3 to 5 minutes. Finally, add the Thai Basil leaves and give a nice mix

  * Now the delicious Thai Red Curry with vegetables is ready to taste and enjoy

#### To Serve

  * Serve this delicious Thai Red Curry with white rice or rice of your choice 

### Video

### Notes

  * **For Best flavor** \- Using homemade Thai red curry paste and sauteing them in the coconut milk gives the authentic flavor and taste to the curry
  * **Veggie Options** \- I have added bell peppers, carrots, and zucchini for this recipe and you can also use other veggies like squash, broccoli, pumpkin, and also lentils to have a healthy wholesome curry
  * **For Store-Bought Curry Paste** \- Usually, store-bought curry red paste is mild in flavor, so you can saute the onions, ginger, and garlic in oil to elevate its flavor
  * **Spice Level** \- This Thai Red Curry is mildly spiced and you can also add sriracha sauce and some sliced red chilies before serving to spruce up the heat
  * **Vegan Friendly** \- This recipe shared here is a vegan-friendly Thai Red Curry feel free to add chicken, shrimp, or other protein to make a non-vegan version
  * **Best Combo -** This Thai Red Curry tastes great with white rice, Thai coconut rice, and fried rice

### Nutrition

Serving: 1serving | Calories: 198kcal | Carbohydrates: 7g | Protein: 3g | Fat:
19g | Saturated Fat: 16g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 0.4g | Monounsaturated Fat: 1g
| Sodium: 273mg | Potassium: 301mg | Fiber: 1g | Sugar: 2g | Vitamin A: 3469IU
| Vitamin C: 40mg | Calcium: 41mg | Iron: 3mg

Tried this recipe?Mention @yellowchilis or tag #yellowchilis!

## FAQ

**What is Thai Red Curry?**

Thai Red Curry is an authentic and popular side dish from Thai Cuisine. It is
traditionally made with fresh red curry paste, coconut milk, veggies, chicken,
fish, shrimp, or tofu. This curry has exotic flavors, is rich in its texture,
and mildly spiced when compared to Thai green curry, and served as a side dish
for rice.

**What is the difference between Thai Red and Green Curry?**

The main difference is the curry paste used in the recipe and traditionally
red curry paste is made with red chilies while green curry uses fresh green
chilies to make the paste. And both the curries have different flavors and
tastes.

**How does Thai Red Curry taste like?**

Thai Red Curry tastes mildly spiced, sweet, and with bold flavors of ginger,
lime, and fresh basil leaves.

**How many calories are there in Thai Red Curry?**

The recipe I have shared here contains 48 calories per serving. Here I haven't
added oil or meat proteins and it is all from the veggies and coconut milk I
have used here. The calorie count may change if the chicken and other proteins
are added. And note that this number is just an estimation only and you could
find the detailed nutrition value in the recipe card above.

I really hope you enjoyed the recipe that I have shared here and I would love
to hear from you on how it turned out for you. Please let me know.

If you have any other questions, feel free to post them in the comment section
below and I will try to get back to you as soon as possible.

Happy Cooking!

### Related Recipes:

Thai Yellow Chicken Curry Recipe Thai Green Curry Recipe Fried Tofu Recipe
With Vegetables Meal Maker Curry (Soya Chunks Curry)

Â« Popcorn Chicken KFC Style Recipe (Chicken Pop)

Chicken Lollipop Recipe Â»

70 shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Please help us with your Rating and feedback to help you! Please help us with
your Rating and feedback to help you!  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Current yeignore me@r*

Leave this field empty

## Primary Sidebar

### Hey, Nice to see you!

**Hi, I'm Sangeetha Vel!** the author, recipe researcher, creator, and cooking
hands behind Yellow Chili's. A realistic, friendly, empathetic, and
enthusiastic foodie who loves to share authentic, easy, quick, healthy,
instant, and kids-approved recipes.

More about me â†’

### Stay Connected

  *   
  
  

  *   
  
  

  *   
  
  

  *   
  
  

  *   
  
  

### Soft Drinks

Are you looking for various soft drinks recipes? Check out our website **Tea,
Coffee& Drinks** exclusively for those recipes from around the world.

### Featured Recipes

  * Thai Red Curry with Vegetables

  * Garlic butter Recipe

  * Garlic Butter Chicken Recipe

  * Best Grilled Salmon Recipe

  * Garlic Parmesan Wings Recipe

  * Samosa Recipe

  * Garlic Butter Baked Salmon Recipe

  * White Sauce Pasta Recipe with Penne Pasta

## Footer

â†‘ back to top

### About

  * About Us
  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms & Conditions

### Stay Connected

  * Contact Us
  * Sign Up for Recipes

### More Contents

  * Web-Stories
  * Soft Drinks Recipes

Copyright Â© 2022 **Yellow Chili's**

