https://www.alphafoodie.com/easy-thai-red-curry/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * Recipes
    * DIYs
    * Breakfast
    * Drinks
    * Appetizers
    * Snacks
    * Sides
    * Mains
    * Desserts
    * Vegan
    * Gluten Free
  * Recipe Filters
  * DIYs

  * Lifestyle
  * Cookbook
  * Shop
  * About
  * Search

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Recipe Filters
  * DIYS
  * Lifestyle
  * Cookbook
  * Shop
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

×

Recipes » Mains » Easy Thai Red Curry (Vegetarian/Vegan Options)

# Easy Thai Red Curry (Vegetarian/Vegan Options)

Published: Sep 10, 2020 · Modified: Sep 10, 2020 by Samira @ Alphafoodie ·
This post may contain affiliate links

3850 shares

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin

Jump to Recipe Jump to Video Print Recipe

_Make this Thai red curry from scratch at home for a simple and delicious mid-
week meal **ready in just 25 minutes**! Packed with flavor and yet super
customizable - this version is a **nutrient-dense** Thai vegetable curry.
Plus, with a red curry paste made from scratch, you'll never want to buy pre-
made sauce again!_

When I want a meal that is warm, comforting, and yet quick (under 30 minutes
with 'cheats' to make it even quicker!) and fairly low-effort, then a Thai
curry is where it's at. I always keep homemade curry pastes in my freezer,
ready to use whenever I want. Combine that with coconut milk and your favorite
vegetables or protein of choice and serve alongside **fluffy jasmine rice,**
and you have a recipe worth returning to time and time again.

In fact, depending on whether I want a meal that is light yet satisfying or
more rich and filling, I'll swap out the extras I add into the curry. However,
no matter what, I love this recipe for being veggie-packed and nutrient-dense!

Plus, if you don't have the **Thai red curry paste** already sitting in your
fridge/freezer, then don't worry because it takes just 5 minutes to blend up
the paste from scratch, and it's ready to use immediately. Plus, this recipe
is naturally gluten-free, and I've included the option below to make this
recipe vegan - by simply substituting fish sauce for soy sauce - for a
delicious vegan Thai curry.

As I mentioned in the paste recipe post, one of the best things about making
this curry 100% from scratch is how customizable it is to you and your
family's taste buds, too. Practically every ingredient within this curry can
be adjusted/substituted in ways that work for you: reduce chilies for less
heat, add extra lime or herbs or spices or sweetness, etc.

However, once you've got your perfect blend, then you'll never go back to
grocery store-bought, and I've suggested my favorite blend of ingredients and
amounts for those making it for the first time. After all, Thai food is jam-
packed with flavor!

## Red Curry Vs. Green Curry

As I mentioned above, I've already posted a recipe for Thai green curry
previously on the blog. However, if you're new to Thai curries and wondering
what the difference is between the two, here's a bit of information.

The main difference is in color - with the green curry producing a wonderful
rich green color through green chilies, kaffir lime, and various green herbs -
whereas the red is rich and red (sometimes more orange in tone) using red
chilies.

But what are the differences in heat and flavor? You may be surprised to find
out that, typically, Thai green curry is actually hotter than Thai red curry.
Traditionally, in fact, green, red, and yellow curries were all made with the
exact same ingredients except the different colored chilies - however, over
time, that has changed.

For my recipes, many of the ingredients are similar - for example, the kaffir,
galangal, lemongrass, etc. Luckily though, when making curry paste at home,
you're 100% in control of heat levels, so this red curry can be made as mild
or spicy as you like (though the color will be affected by reducing chilies).
Thus, the individual taste differences come down to the 'extra' ingredients
added to each curry - such as herbs, spices, etc.

## The Step By Step Instructions

First, prepare the curry paste. If you have some in the fridge, then this is
ready to use immediately. If it's in the freezer, however, then take it out to
thaw for a bit first. Alternatively, if making it from scratch, this can be
done in just 5 minutes following the instructions on this post.

If you're serving this curry alongside fluffy jasmine rice (all steps on that
post), then you'll want to start cooking this immediately too so it can
cook/steam alongside the rest of the recipe.

Next, prepare your vegetables. Slice the peppers and Thai aubergines to begin.
You can cut them into pieces as thin/thick as you prefer - though remember
that this will affect their cooking time.

  
In a large pan, heat up the coconut oil and red curry paste for a minute,
mixing them lightly. Then add the vegetables.  
  
Stir fry the veggies for 3-4 minutes to begin to soften them. Then add the
coconut milk and water (or stock).  
  
Add the remainder of the ingredients and cook for a few more minutes until all
the veg has softened.

Taste the curry and adjust any ingredients if needed - add a little extra
curry paste if preferred, lime juice for extra tang, coconut sugar for
sweetness, etc.

Once ready, remove from heat and serve alongside the jasmine rice - enjoy!

## How To Store

Any leftovers can be stored in an airtight container in the fridge for between
3-5 days.

I haven't tried to freeze leftover - though I imagine it would work depending
on what vegetables you use. You may need to add a touch more curry paste or
stock/coconut milk when thawing for consistency.

## Recipe Notes

  * **For a lighter meal** , feel free to add some vegetable stock in place of some of the coconut milk.
  * Feel free to **use a can of coconut milk orhomemade coconut milk** for this recipe.
  *  **To bring down the cooking time of this recipe** , you can use a variety of quick-cook veggies (or frozen veggies). You could also use microwave grains/rice for a meal that's ready in practically 10 minutes.
  *  **For added protein** , feel free to add chickpeas, homemade tofu, or your favorite protein of choice.
  *  **The vegetables** : I've suggested a few vegetables that work well for this red curry, Thai flavor included. However, there are tons of different veggies that you can use within this curry. Some options include: sweet potato, butternut squash, eggplant, zucchini, baby corn, mange tout, cauliflower, green beans, etc.
  *  **To easily adjust this recipe for different spice levels** - you can add red pepper flakes, thinly sliced chili, or a glug of chili oil to the plates of those who like extra heat.

## Related Thai Recipes

  *   *   * 

  * Creamy Vegan Thai Green Curry
  * Healthy Thai Noodle Salad (In A Jar)
  * Thai Inspired Vegan Green Pea Soup
  * Easy Thai Green Curry Paste
  * Thai Coconut Sweet Sticky Rice

**If you try this Thai red curry recipe, then let me know your thoughts and
any questions in the comments below. Also, feel free to tag me in your
recreations on Instagram@AlphaFoodie.**

## Vegetable Thai Red Curry

_Make this Thai red curry from scratch at home for a simple and delicious mid-
week meal_ _ **ready in just 25 minutes**_ _! Packed with flavor and yet super
customizable - this version is a __**nutrient-dense**_ _Thai vegetable curry.
Plus, with a red curry paste made from scratch, you 'll never want to buy pre-
made sauce again!_

5 from 10 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Main

Cuisine: Thai

Diet: Gluten Free, Vegan, Vegetarian

Freezer friendly: 1 Month

Shelf life: 5 Days

Prep Time: 5 minutes

Cook Time: 20 minutes

Total Time: 25 minutes

Servings: 3

Calories: 308kcal

Author: Samira

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 1 red pepper
  * ▢ 1 yellow pepper
  * ▢ 1 Bok choy
  * ▢ baby corn
  * ▢ Thai green eggplant
  * ▢ sugar snap peas
  * ▢ 1 lime
  * ▢ 1¾ cup coconut milk homemade or canned
  * ▢ Thai basil
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon Thai red curry paste  (see blogpost for ingredients)
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon coconut oil
  * ▢ 1 Tbsp  fish sauce or soy sauce for a Vegan option
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon coconut sugar or brown sugar or maple syrup
  * ▢ ½ cup water optional

US Customary - Metric

### Instructions

  * First, prepare the curry paste. If you have some in the fridge, then this is ready to use immediately. If it's in the freezer, however, then take it out to thaw for a bit first. Alternatively, If making it from scratch, this can be done in just 5 minutes following the instructions on this post.

If you're serving this curry alongside fluffy jasmine rice (all steps on that
post), then you'll want to start cooking this immediately too so it can
cook/steam alongside the rest of the recipe.

  * Next, prepare your vegetables. Slice the peppers and Thai aubergines to begin. You can cut them into pieces as thin/thick as you prefer - though remember that this will affect their cooking time.

  * In a large pan, heat up the coconut oil and red curry paste for a minute, mixing them lightly. Then add the vegetables. Stir fry the veggies for 3-4 minutes to begin to soften them. Then add the coconut milk and water (or stock).Add the remainder of the ingredients and cook for a few more minutes until all the veg has softened.

  * Taste the curry and adjust any ingredients if needed - add a little extra curry paste if preferred, lime juice for extra tang, coconut sugar for sweetness, etc.

  * Once ready, remove from heat and serve alongside the jasmine rice - enjoy!

#### How To Store

  * Any leftovers can be stored in an airtight container in the fridge for between 3-5 days.

I haven't tried to freeze leftover - though I imagine it would work depending
on what vegetables you use. You may need to add a touch more curry paste or
stock/coconut milk when thawing for consistency.

### Video

### Notes

  * **For a lighter meal** , feel free to add some vegetable stock in place of some of the coconut milk.
  * Feel free to **use a can of coconut milk orhomemade coconut milk** for this recipe.
  * **To bring down the cooking time of this recipe** , you can use a variety of quick-cook veggies (or frozen veggies). You could also use microwave grains/rice for a meal that's ready in practically 10 minutes.
  * **For added protein** , feel free to add chickpeas, homemade tofu, or your favorite protein of choice.
  * **The vegetables** : I've suggested a few vegetables that work well for this red curry, Thai flavor included. However, there are tons of different veggies that you can use within this curry. Some options include; sweet potato, butternut squash, eggplant, zucchini, baby corn, mange tout, cauliflower, green beans, etc.
  * **To easily adjust this recipe for different spice levels** - you can add red pepper flakes, thinly sliced chili, or a glug of chili oil to the plates of those who like extra heat.

### Nutrition

Serving: 1Portion | Calories: 308kcal | Carbohydrates: 17g | Protein: 7g |
Fat: 27g | Saturated Fat: 23g | Sodium: 669mg | Potassium: 1079mg | Fiber: 5g
| Sugar: 7g | Vitamin A: 15407IU | Vitamin C: 258mg | Calcium: 333mg | Iron:
5mg

Tried this Recipe? Tag me Today!Mention @Alphafoodie or tag #alphafoodie!

« Easy Thai Red Curry Paste (5-Minute)

Simple Ginger Marmalade (Ginger Jam) »

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. mavee125

October 29, 2021 at 9:58 am

  
This Vegetable Thai Red Curry recipe is so good. I used Mae Ploy Red Curry
Paste and Red Boat Fish Sauce that I bought from Karman Foods; it's perfect!

Reply

    * Support @ Alphafoodie

February 17, 2022 at 7:38 pm

Thank you for your comment. Glad you've enjoyed the recipe 🙂

Reply

  2. Salma

October 19, 2020 at 12:38 am

  
Delicious!

Reply

    * Support @ Alphafoodie

October 21, 2020 at 4:52 pm

Thank you so much for your comment, Salma. 🙂

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

Hello! I’m Samira, I make DIYs and I cook rainbow recipes. about me | contact
| subscribe

Search

### NEW RECIPES

## The Best Authentic Shakshuka Recipe

## How to Microwave Corn on the Cob

## How to Make Bulletproof Coffee

## The Perfect Sauteed Asparagus

## Stuffed Zucchini Boats

## The Perfect Homemade Pancake Mix

### STAY IN TOUCH!

### WHAT'S IN SEASON

## How to Microwave Corn on the Cob

## Stuffed Zucchini Boats

## How to Make and Cook Zoodles

## How to Make Tanghulu (Candied Fruit)

## Easy Fruit Punch

## Best Texas Caviar Ever (Cowboy Caviar)

### Categories

Categories Select Category Appetizers Breakfast Desserts DIY DIYs Drinks
Gluten Free Lifestyle Mains Rainbow Food Recipes Sides Snacks Uncategorised
Vegan

## Footer

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

  * Recipes
  * DIYs
  * Shop
  * About

COPYRIGHT © 2020 ALPHAFOODIE Privacy Policy

3850 shares

  *   *   * 

## Sharing is Caring

Help spread the word. You're awesome for doing it!

How to beat the summer heat?

FREE EMAIL BONUS

My favorite tips & recipes for staying refreshed!

YES, I WANT THIS!

