https://www.indianveggiedelight.com/instant-pot-thai-red-curry/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Kids Lunch Box
    * Instant Pot
    * Air Fryer
    * Rice & Grains
    * Lentil & Beans
    * Millet
    * Vegan
    * Keto/Low Carb Recipes
  * Instant Pot
  * Kids Lunch Box
  * Subscribe
  * About
    * About Me
  * ## Nav Social Menu

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * Twitter
    * YouTube

  * search...

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

search...

  * Recipes
  * Instant Pot
  * Kids Lunch Box
  * About

×

Home » Recipes » Curry

# Instant Pot Thai Red Curry with Vegetables

Published: Sep 27, 2020 · Modified: Aug 1, 2022 by Bhavana Patil ·This post
may contain affiliate links. As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying
purchases.

2.4K shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe Jump to Video

Thai Red Curry recipe is a popular Thai dish made from red curry paste cooked
in coconut milk with vegetables and a vegetarian protein source such as tofu
in Instant Pot Pressure Cooker and is Vegetarian, Vegan, Gluten-free & Keto
Friendly. It can be prepared in under 30 minutes and is great for weekday
meals.

I love Thai curry. When I am craving Thai food, I usually check out a local
restaurant. However, with the lockdown due to Covid, I started making easy
Thai red curry recipes at home in the Instant Pot. My husband, who was not a
big fan of Thai curry, also gave me great reviews.

I would place th **e Veg Thai red curry** recipe in my top ten list of
favorite foods easily. In addition to this, My Other favorite Instant Pot Thai
recipes are **Thai Basil Fried Rice**, **Panang Curry,** and **Thai Peanut
Noodles**.

Today I am sharing how to make an Authentic Thai red curry recipe made in
**Instant Pot DUO60 6 QT** Pressure Cooker. Thai curry is easy to make in this
instant pot and takes less than 20 minutes.

Jump to:

  * What is Thai Red Curry Paste? 
  * Ingredients - Notes & Substitutions
  * How to Make Vegetarian Thai Red Curry in Instant Pot
  * Stovetop Pot Method
  * Serving Suggestions
  * Tips to make the Best Thai Red Curry
  * Variations
  * Common Questions
  * Thai Red Curry with Vegetables - Instant Pot & Stovetop

## What is Thai Red Curry Paste?

Traditional **red curry paste** is made of red chili peppers, shallot, garlic,
lemongrass, galangal, palm sugar, and spices. While you can prepare red curry
paste from scratch, store-bought curry paste works very well too.

Many **Thai red curry paste** brands available in the market contain fish and
oyster sauce. So if you are a vegetarian or vegan, I highly recommend using
**Thai Kitchen Red Curry** or **Maesri Thai Red Curry Paste** brands.

## Ingredients - Notes & Substitutions

These are the main ingredients needed for this vegetarian Thai red curry
recipe.

  * **Vegetables** : You can use a mix of vegetables like colored bell peppers, eggplants, carrots, broccoli, mushrooms, pumpkin, or butternut squash for this red curry. I highly recommend adding slow-cooking veggies like eggplants, carrots, green beans, pumpkin before pressure cooking, and fast-cooking veggies like bell peppers, zucchini after pressure cooking, which retains the crunch in the vegetables.
  *  **Coconut Milk** : I like **Chaokoh Coconut Milk** brand. Full fat works best as it contains the creamiest flavors, but low-fat coconut milk works, too.
  *  **Thai Red Curry Paste** : I have used store-bought **Thai Kitchen Red Curry Paste** (vegan) and it can be found in most grocery stores.
  *  **Protein** : I have used plant-based protein organic extra firm tofu in this recipe.
  *  **Herbs** : Stir in roughly torn Thai basil and cilantro just before serving. In case you can't find Thai basil, regular basil works well, too.
  *  **Kaffir lime leaves** : are hard to find outside of Asian markets, but if you are unable to find them, then add the zest of ½ lime.
  *  **Lime juice:** Squeeze juice of half lime into the curry for added flavor.
  *  **Low sodium soy sauce** : Or **tamari** for gluten-free. Because it adds the extra zing to the dish.
  *  **Sugar** : Use Palm Sugar or Brown Sugar. Otherwise, you can skip it.

## How to Make Vegetarian Thai Red Curry in Instant Pot

Firstly, Press  **Saute**. Add oil and once it's hot, add minced garlic,
ginger, onions. Saute for about 2 minutes till onions turn soft.

Next, add Thai red curry paste and saute for a minute because it enhances the
flavors of the final dish.

Stir in 1 can of full-fat coconut milk and ¼ cup of water.

Close the lid. Set the pot to  **MANUAL/PRESSURE COOK (Low Pressure)**  and
set the timer to  **1 minute**.

If you do not have the low-pressure option, you can set the time to zero
minutes.

When the instant pot beeps, allow 5 minutes of natural pressure release and
then release the remaining pressure manually.

Stir in soy sauce, brown sugar (optional), fast-cooking veggies like zucchini,
colored peppers, canned baby corn, tofu, kaffir lime leaves (or lime zest),
salt, and mix well.

Boil the curry on the sauté setting for 3-4 minutes. Do not overcook the
veggies.

Press Cancel, add fresh lime juice and basil leaves (roughly torn). Give a
quick stir.

Adjust with more soy sauce, brown sugar, or lime juice. The curry thickens as
it cools down.

Serve **Vegetarian** **Thai** **red curry** Instant pot hot with **steamed
jasmine rice**.

## Stovetop Pot Method

  * Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a pan on medium-high heat. Add minced garlic, ginger, and onions, Saute for about 2 minutes till onions turn soft.
  * Then add Thai red curry paste and saute for a minute to enhance the flavors of the final dish.
  * Stir in 1 can of full-fat coconut milk and ¼ cup of water. Bring it to a boil for 4-5 minutes on medium-low heat.
  * Next stir in soy sauce, brown sugar (optional), fast cooking veggies like zucchini, colored peppers, canned baby corn, tofu, kaffir lime leaves (or lime zest), salt and mix well.
  * Furthermore, Cover the pot and let the curry cook on medium heat for 4-5 minutes. Do not overcook the veggies. They should be fork-tender. Adjust the consistency of the curry at this point. You can add water to thin it out if you desire.
  * Lastly, turn off the gas and add lime juice and basil leaves (roughly torn). Give a quick stir. Adjust with more soy sauce, brown sugar, or lime juice.
  * Garnish with coriander leaves and serve hot with **steamed jasmine rice**.

## Serving Suggestions

**Thai Red curry with vegetables** recipe is generally eaten with **jasmine
rice** , or served as a soup. You may also serve with long grain **basmati
rice** , **coconut rice**.

## Tips to make the Best Thai Red Curry

  * Choose full-fat coconut milk for a creamy and rich curry.
  * Most Important, add the fast cooking veggies in the end and simmer for few minutes to keep them tender and crunchy.
  * Some store brought curry pastes can be hot, so try adding a tablespoon first and increase as you need.
  * You can also pan-fry tofu and add it to the Thai red curry to make it restaurant-style.
  * Add Kafir lime leaves because it gives a unique Thai flavor.

## Variations

  * Feel free to get creative with the vegetables you use here. You could also try baby spinach, broccoli, mushrooms, snow peas, diced butternut, potato, or sweet potato and for protein canned chickpeas, tempeh, edamame.

## Common Questions

**Is Thai Red Curry Keto Friendly?**

Thai Red Curry **** can be keto as it's low in net carbs. However, pair it
with low-carb cauliflower rice for a keto-friendly diet meal. Also, make sure
to add only low-carb/keto-friendly vegetables like broccoli, mushrooms, bell
pepper, or zucchini.

****Is the lime necessary**?**

YES! Limes are the keystone in Thai cooking. Lime juice gives a much richer
flavor to the dish.

**Is this Thai Red Curry Vegan?**

Yup!

**MoreInstant Pot Asian Recipes**

  * **Thai Salad with Peanut Dressing**
  *  **Thai Pumpkin Soup**
  *  **Vegetable Fried Rice**
  *  **Garlic Noodles**
  *  **Thai Peanut Zucchini Noodles**
  *  **Thai Peanut Sauce**

Tried this recipe?Don’t forget to give a ★ rating below

## Thai Red Curry with Vegetables - Instant Pot & Stovetop

Bhavana Patil

Vegetarian Thai Red curry is a popular Thai dish made from red curry paste
cooked in coconut milk with vegetables and tofu in Instant Pot Pressure
Cooker.

4.60 from 27 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Servings: 4

Calories : 230

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Asian, Thai

Diet: Gluten-Free, Keto, Low Carb, Vegan

Method: Instant Pot/Pressure Cooker, Stovetop

Prep Time : 10 minutes

Cook Time : 10 minutes

Total Time : 20 minutes

### Equipment

  * Instant Pot/Pressure Cooker

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

####  **Measuring cup used** **1 cup = 250ml**

  * 1 tablespoon oil
  * 3 cloves garlic minced
  * ½ inch ginger minced
  * 1 small yellow onion finely chopped
  * 2-3 tablespoons thai red curry paste i used thai kitchen
  * 1 can 14 oz full fat coconut milk  (about 400 ml)
  * ¼ cup water (Or vegetable broth)
  * 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce (Or tamari for gluten free)
  * 1 teaspoon brown sugar optional
  * 1 medium zucchini diced
  * 1 medium colored bell peppers thinly sliced
  * 1 medium green bell pepper thinly sliced
  * ½ cup canned baby corn
  * ½ cup extra firm tofu cubed
  * 3-4 kaffir lime leaves (Or zest of ½ lime)
  * 1 tablespoon lime juice
  * ½ cup thai basil
  * salt adjust to taste

### Instructions



#### Instant Pot Method:

  * Firstly, Press **Saute**. Add oil and once it's hot, add minced garlic, ginger, onions. Saute for about 2 minutes till onions turn soft.

  * Next, add Thai red curry paste and saute for a minute because it enhances the flavors of the final dish.

  * Stir in 1 can of full-fat coconut milk and ¼ cup of water.

  * Close the lid. Set the pot to **MANUAL/PRESSURE COOK (Low Pressure)** and set the timer to **1 minute**.

If you do not have the low-pressure option, you can set the time to zero
minutes.

  * When the instant pot beeps, allow 5 minutes of natural pressure release and then release the remaining pressure manually.

  * Stir in soy sauce, brown sugar (optional), fast-cooking veggies like zucchini, colored peppers, canned baby corn, tofu, kaffir lime leaves (or lime zest), salt, and mix well.

  * Boil the curry on the sauté setting for 3-4 minutes. Do not overcook the veggies.

  * Press Cancel, add fresh lime juice and basil leaves (roughly torn). Give a quick stir.

Adjust with more soy sauce, brown sugar, or lime juice. The curry thickens as
it cools down.

  * Serve **Vegetarian** **Thai** **red curry** Instant pot hot with **steamed jasmine rice**.

#### Stovetop Pot Method:

  * Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a pan on medium-high heat. Add minced garlic, ginger, and onions, Saute for about 2 minutes till onions turn soft.

  * Then add Thai red curry paste and saute for a minute to enhance the flavors of the final dish.

  * Stir in 1 can of full-fat coconut milk and ¼ cup of water. Bring it to a boil for 4-5 minutes on medium-low heat.

  * Next stir in soy sauce, brown sugar (optional), fast cooking veggies like zucchini, colored peppers, canned baby corn, tofu, kaffir lime leaves (or lime zest), salt and mix well.

  * Furthermore, Cover the pot and let the curry cook on medium heat for 4-5 minutes. Do not overcook the veggies. They should be fork-tender. 

Adjust the consistency of the curry at this point. You can add water to thin
it out if you desire.

  * Lastly, turn off the gas and add lime juice and basil leaves (roughly torn). Give a quick stir. Adjust with more soy sauce, brown sugar, or lime juice.

  * Serve hot with steamed jasmine rice.

### Video

### Notes

I have prepared this dish in my electric pressure cooker, Instant Pot DUO60 6
QT.

### Tips:

  * Choose full-fat coconut milk for a creamy and rich curry
  * Add the fast cooking veggies in the end and simmer for few minutes to keep them tender and crunchy.
  * Some store brought curry pastes can be hot, so try adding a tablespoon first and increase as you need.
  * You can also pan-fry tofu and add it to the Thai red curry to make it restaurant-style.
  * Add Kafir lime leaves for a unique Thai flavor.

### Variations :

  * Feel free to get creative with the vegetables you use here. You could try baby spinach, broccoli, mushrooms, snow peas, diced butternut, potato, or sweet potato and for protein canned chickpeas, tempeh, edamame.

_Note:_ _Nutrition values are my best estimates. If you rely on them for your
diet, use your preferred nutrition calculator._

### Nutrition

Calories: 230kcalCarbohydrates: 20gProtein: 7gFat: 25gSaturated Fat: 10gTrans
Fat: 1gSodium: 295mgPotassium: 481mgFiber: 2gSugar: 10gVitamin A:
4370IUVitamin C: 40.4mgCalcium: 65mgIron: 2.4mg

Keyword curry, instant pot thai red curry, red curry with vegetables

Tried this recipe?Share your photo and tag @indianveggiedelight or
#indianveggiedelight

« Carrot Kheer (Pudding) - Instant Pot/Pressure Cooker

Potato Sagu Recipe (Bombay Sagu for Poori) »

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Anonymous says

December 14, 2020 at 9:46 pm

  
Turned out perfect in IP!

Reply

  2. Jenny says

February 10, 2021 at 12:02 am

  
This was so easy and absolutely delicious! Thank you!

Reply

    * Bhavana Patil says

February 10, 2021 at 5:36 pm

Yayyyy !!!! Thank you Jenny 🙂 Looking forward to hear your feedback on other
recipes as well , Happy eating 🙂

Reply

  3. Meenakshi Bachoo says

February 13, 2021 at 10:46 am

Hello Bhavana!

I just came across your website while looking for keto indian veg dishes.
Can't wait to try the dishes here. Glad to know you're from Harihar which
happens to be my father in law's native place , loved the temples there! I
moved to US 2 yrs back and now I'm looking forward to your culinary blogs!
Thank you for compiling such a huge variety! All the best!

Reply

    * Bhavana Patil says

February 16, 2021 at 11:24 am

Hello Meenakshi 🙂 Yayyy! I had a huge smile after reading your comment, I love
Harihar & having spent close to 22 years there - there are so many Fond
memories associated with the place 🙂 I can never forget those beautiful
temples on the bank of Tungabhadra river 🙂 I am happy you found my Blog, I
genuinely hope you can Connect with the recipes & like them, do let me know
when you try them & thank you 🙂

Reply

  4. Jordan Schumacher says

March 20, 2021 at 3:56 pm

  
So good !!!!! I’m saving!!! I also added some Peanut butter 👍

Reply

    * Bhavana Patil says

March 21, 2021 at 7:28 am

Thank you so much Jordan 🙂 I am super glad you loved it, Peanut butter
addition sounds interesting. Have a great day 🙂

Reply

  5. Anonymous says

April 12, 2021 at 12:10 am

  
I loved this, will definitely try.

Reply

    * Bhavana Patil says

April 12, 2021 at 4:04 pm

Thank you 🙂 Do let me know, how it turns out. Have a great day 🙂

Reply

  6. Jaya R says

April 20, 2021 at 1:22 pm

Hi Bhavani, I have been visiting your site for recipes and they are all so
awesome! In the recipe above, you mention fast cooking veggies and other
veggies that can be added to the dish. Do you cook the squash for example
separately then add to the curry? Alternately, I think we can half cook or
partially cook them, then add with the fast cooking veggies for better
blending of the seasonings. Thoughts?

Reply

    * Anonymous says

April 20, 2021 at 1:23 pm

Sorry, auto correct changed your name. Apologies!

Reply

    * Bhavana Patil says

April 20, 2021 at 4:57 pm

Hi Jaya, Butternut squash takes 3-4 minutes to cook in instant pot, so I would
partially cook and add it. Fast cooking veggies like zucchini,bell peppers,
broccoli can only be added after pressure cooking to get a good crunch. Hope
this helps.

Reply

  7. Hetal says

June 15, 2021 at 4:55 pm

If I use canned bamboo shoots, baby corn and water chestnuts do I also add
them with the rest of the veggies?

Reply

    * Bhavana Patil says

June 16, 2021 at 6:56 am

Yes, you can cook them after pressure cooking with other veggies. Hope this
helps.

Reply

  8. Ruth says

August 10, 2021 at 6:38 pm

Hi Bhavana,

If I double this recipe in my Instant Pot, do I just double the pressure time?  
Thanks,  
Ruth

Reply

    * Bhavana Patil says

August 10, 2021 at 10:18 pm

Hi Ruth, No need to double the pressure-time if you are doubling the quantity,
that's the beauty of Instant Pot Hope this helps.

Reply

  9. erika says

January 08, 2022 at 4:02 pm

  
This was really good! It ended up a little runny and spicy since I didn't
taste the store bought thai red curry first (as you recommended). I had an
extra can of coconut cream (not milk) so I put in 1/2 the can at the end. It
was perfect!

Thanks!

Reply

    * Bhavana Patil says

January 08, 2022 at 8:38 pm

Hi Erika, I am so glad to know recipe came out well. Thanks for sharing your
feedback 🙂

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published.

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name

Email

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

Hi There! Welcome to my blog! I’m Bhavana. Here you’ll find easy recipes for
your Instant Pot, Kids Lunch Box ideas, Keto/LowCarb, Air-fryer recipes plus
more wholesome, easy Vegetarian/Vegan Indian recipes that your family will
love. More about me →

### Popular Posts

  * Instant Pot Bisibelebath

  * The Best Avocado Pasta

  * Barbeque Nation Style Cajun Potatoes

  * Healthy Kids Lunch Box Recipes

  * Dominos Style Stuffed Cheesy Garlic Bread (Stuffed Garlic Bread Recipe)

  * Lauki Ki Sabji (Bottle Gourd Curry)

### Don’t miss a new recipe

  * About Me
  * PRIVACY POLICY

Copyright (C) 2022 Indian Veggie Delight on the Seasoned Pro Theme  

