https://www.chilipeppermadness.com/recipes/thai-sweet-chili-sauce/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  *     * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * Twitter
    * YouTube

  * About
  * Cookbooks
  * Shop
  * Search

  * Recipe Index
  * RECIPES BY TYPE
    * BBQ/Grilled
    * Burgers
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chili
    * Curry
    * Dehydrator
    * Game Day
    * Hot Sauces
    * Jalapeno Poppers
    * Marinades
    * Pickling
    * Preserving
    * Quick and Easy
    * Salsas
    * Sauces
    * Seasonings
    * Stuffed Peppers
    * Tacos
  * COOKING TIPS
  * Pepper Info
    * Chili Pepper Types
    * The Scoville Scale
    * Hottest Peppers in the World
    * Growing Chili Peppers
    * Preserving
    * Health Benefits
    * Frequently Asked Questions
    * Buy Plants & Seeds

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * Recipe Index
  * All Recipes
  * Pepper Info
  * Chili Pepper Types
  * The Scoville Scale
  * Growing Chili Peppers
  * Preserving
  * Chili Pepper Health Benefits
  * Frequently Asked Questions
  * Cooking Tips
  * Cookbooks
  * Shop
  * About Us

×

Home » Thai Sweet Chili Sauce Recipe

# Thai Sweet Chili Sauce Recipe

by Mike Hultquist · Apr 11, 2022 · 10 Comments

Jump to Recipe

  *   *   *   *   * 

_This Thai sweet chili sauce recipe is the perfect mix of savory, sweet and
spicy, great with shrimp, noodle dishes, egg rolls, or as a dipping sauce.
Easy to make!_

This is the recipe for **Thai Sweet Chili Sauce** you've been looking for, my
friends. This version is the ideal mix of sweet and spicy, perfectly balanced
to please your spicy food loving palates.

**Thai sweet chili sauce is a sweet, sour and spicy chili sauce used to add
punch and flavor to many dishes.  **In Thailand, it is called "nam jim gai"
(sometimes spelled "nam chim kai").

While it originated in Thailand, it has spread around the world and has become
hugely popular in the U.S. and western cooking. It's a mix of chili peppers
with vinegar and other ingredients, then sweetened and often thickened.

You'll usually find it in bottles at the supermarket, or in restaurants paired
with fried chicken or spring rolls, as the combination of sweet and sour
perfectly compliments the salty qualities of fried foods.

However, you can use it in so many other ways.

Of course you can find sweet chili sauce in grocery stores, but homemade sweet
chili sauce is so much better, especially when you can make it your own way.

Most recipes focus on the sweet and sour elements, though I like to up the
overall spice factor just a bit, in order to achieve a better balance for
those like me who enjoy spicy foods.

**Let's talk about how to make Thai Sweet Chili Sauce, shall we?**

## Thai Sweet Chili Sauce Ingredients

  * **Water.**
  * **Rice Vinegar.** White vinegar is a good substitute.
  * **Sugar.** You can use honey as a substitute.
  * **Hot Chili Flakes.** Use dried/crushed red chilies for this recipe. Options include bird's eye chilies, spur chilies, Thai chilies, japones, chile de arbol, or others - or use fresh minced red chili peppers.
  * **Rice Wine.**
  * **Sriracha.** Or use sambal oelek as a substitute.
  * **Fish Sauce.**
  * **Ginger.**
  * **Garlic.**
  * **Corn Starch.** For thickening.

## How to Make Thai Sweet Chili Sauce - the Recipe Method

**Add to a Small Pot.** Add all of the ingredients to a small pot.

**Boil, then Simmer.** Heat to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer for 5
minutes, stirring, until it thickens. If you prefer a thicker sweet chili
sauce, add in more of the corn starch slurry and simmer until it thickens up
to your preference.

**Cool and Refrigerate.** Cool the sauce and enjoy as desired. Keep
refrigerated.

**Boom! Done!** Your Thai sweet chili sauce is ready to go. How are you
serving yours? Dipping sauce? Slathered over shrimp? I'd love to hear it! So
easy to make, isn't it?

## Serving Thai Sweet Chili Sauce

  * **Fried Chicken Dipping Sauce.** This sauce is most popular as a dipping sauce for chicken, particularly fried chicken or chicken wings. It's also great with other fried foods, like fried shrimp.
  * **Seafood Dipping Sauce.** Thai chili sauce is perfect as a dipping sauce for shrimp and seafood.
  * **Dipping Sauce for Rolls.** Sweet chili sauce is essential for fried egg rolls, but also try it on fresh spring rolls. So good!
  * **Noodles.** Swirl Thai sweet chili sauce into a bowl of noodles, or use to enhance your stir fries.

## Recipe Tips & Notes

  * **Other Ingredients/Add Ins.** Soy sauce is a popular addition to Thai sweet chili sauce, though I omit it in my own recipe. Give it a go, as it does compliment nicely. When serving, try adding crushed roasted peanuts or fresh chopped cucumber.
  * **Heat Factor.** Mild-Medium. My version isn't an overly spicy version, with only a touch of heat. You can easily add in hotter chili flakes to achieve your perfect balance. Use bell peppers for a no-heat version.

**That's it, my friends.** I hope you enjoy my Thai Sweet Chili Sauce recipe.
Let me know if you make it. I'd love to hear how it turned out for you. Keep
it spicy!

## Cookbook Recommendations

If you enjoy Thai recipes, I recommend the following cookbooks, which I used
to adapt this recipe. Great cookbooks!

  * Hot Thai Kitchen Cookbook, by Pailin Chongchitnant (affiliate link, my friends!) - "Demystifying Thai Cuisine with Authentic Recipes to Make at Home". It is filled with great recipes and I have learned quite a bit about Thai ingredients and the structure of building Thai curries.
  * 101 Thai Dishes You Need to Cook Before You Die: The Essential Recipes, Techniques and Ingredients of Thailand, by Jet Tila and Tad Weyland Fukomoto (affiliate link, my friends!)

## Try Some of My Other Popular Recipes

  * Easy Thai Peanut Sauce
  * Thai Chili Paste (Nam Prik Pao)
  * Thai Red Curry Paste
  * See all of my Thai Recipes.

## Try My Other Popular Sauce Recipes

  * General Tso Sauce
  * XO Sauce
  * Easy Hoisin Sauce
  * Spicy Stir Fry Sauce
  * Sweet and Sour Sauce

**Got any questions? Ask away!** I'm happy to help. If you enjoy this recipe,
I hope you'll leave a comment with some STARS. Also, please share it on social
media. Don't forget to tag us at #ChiliPepperMadness. I'll be sure to share!
Thanks! -- Mike H.

Print

## Thai Sweet Chili Sauce Recipe

This Thai sweet chili sauce recipe is the perfect mix of savory, sweet and
spicy, great with shrimp, noodle dishes, egg rolls, or as a dipping sauce.
Easy to make!

Course: sauce

Cuisine: Thai

Keyword: dried peppers, fish sauce, sriracha

Prep Time: 5 minutes

Cook Time: 5 minutes

Calories: 14kcal

Author: Mike Hultquist

Servings: 24 tablespoons

**Tap or hover to scale**

5 from 2 votes

Leave a Review

### Ingredients

  * 1/2 cup water
  * 1/2 cup rice vinegar
  * 1/4 cup sugar use 2 tablespoons for less sweet
  * 3 tablespoons hot chili flakes use dried/crushed - bird's eye chilies, Thai chilies, japones, chile de arbol, or others - or use fresh minced
  * 1 tablespoon rice wine
  * 1 tablespoon sriracha or sambal oelek
  * 1 tablespoon fish sauce
  * 1 teaspoon fresh minced ginger
  * 1 teaspoon fresh minced garlic
  * 1 tablespoon cornstarch mixed with 2 tablespoons water to make a slurry - double this for thicker sweet chili sauce

### Instructions

  * Add all of the ingredients to a small pot.

  * Heat to a boil, then reduce heat and simmer for 5 minutes, stirring, until it thickens.

  * Cool and enjoy. Keep refrigerated.

### Nutrition Information

Calories: 14kcal   Carbohydrates: 3g   Protein: 1g   Fat: 1g   Saturated Fat:
1g   Polyunsaturated Fat: 1g   Monounsaturated Fat: 1g   Sodium: 90mg
Potassium: 24mg   Fiber: 1g   Sugar: 2g   Vitamin A: 297IU   Vitamin C: 1mg
Calcium: 4mg   Iron: 1mg

Did You Enjoy This Recipe?I love hearing how you like it and how you made it
your own. Leave a comment below and tag @ChiliPepperMadness on social media.

  *   *   *   *   * 

Categories: Recipes Tags: Chili Pepper Madness, chili pepper recipe

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

  1. Fabiola says

April 28, 2022 at 12:53 pm

I am do glad I came across your recipes!  
This sauce is simply amazing!  
Would it be possible to show us how to make Sloppy Joes your delicious version
and Pad Thai as well please?

Reply

    * Mike Hultquist says

April 29, 2022 at 6:57 am

Thanks, Fabiola. I have both of those! See my Sloppy Joes Recipe here:
https://www.chilipeppermadness.com/chili-pepper-recipes/sandwiches/homemade-
sloppy-joes-madness-style/

I have my Pad Thai Recipe here:
https://www.chilipeppermadness.com/recipes/pad-thai/. Enjoy!

Reply

  2. Soner Ali says

April 12, 2022 at 1:27 pm

  
Hi Mike  
Sealed glass jar refrigerated, how long do you think the sauce would last.  
Thanks.

Reply

    * Mike Hultquist says

April 12, 2022 at 1:48 pm

Soner, this should last several weeks easily, or longer. You can use powdered
or dried garlic and ginger if you have concerns. There is quite a bit of
vinegar in the recipe, which is a preservative. Enjoy!

Reply

  3. jimAND ROSE nashwinter says

April 11, 2022 at 11:42 am

  
very nice sauce;will be making and trying;jim

Reply

    * Mike Hultquist says

April 11, 2022 at 11:51 am

Thanks! Enjoy!!!

Reply

  4. Rick says

April 11, 2022 at 11:27 am

Please get rid of the ingredient check boxes you just added!

Reply

    * Mike Hultquist says

April 11, 2022 at 11:32 am

Thanks for the heads up. They are removed. Still making updates to the new
template. Your patience and understanding is appreciated.

Reply

  5. Connie says

April 11, 2022 at 11:22 am

What can be substituted for fish sauce in the Thai chili sauce

Reply

    * Mike Hultquist says

April 11, 2022 at 11:27 am

Connie, use either oyster sauce, or use more soy sauce. Let me know how it
goes for you.

Reply

## Primary Sidebar

**ALL. SPICY. RECIPES.** Hi, I’m Mike and I LOVE Spicy Food! Say goodbye to
bland and boring food with my easy-to-follow recipes. Let’s get cooking!

More about me →

Mexican

Cajun

Sauces

Seasonings

### 5 ESSENTIALS FOR SPICY COOKING

Subscribe and receive my FREE email series with tips for spicy cooking and new
Recipes

**AMAZON / BARNES & NOBLE / ** **INDIEBOUND  ** **/  BOOKS A MILLION**

**AMAZON / BARNES & NOBLE / INDIEBOUND**

### Most Popular Recipes

  * Bang Bang Chicken

  * Creamy Fish Taco Sauce

  * Mexican Birria Recipe

  * Homemade Blackening Seasoning

  * Michelada Recipe - Spicy Mexican Beer and Tomato Juice Cocktail

  * Pollo Guisado Recipe (Chicken Stew)

## Footer

## NEVER MISS A RECIPE

Receive my "5 Essentials for Spicy Cooking" email series & new recipes

Search

  *   *   *   *   * 

↑ back to top

About | Contact | Travel-Food | Stories | Privacy | Disclaimer | © 2022 Chili
Pepper Madness

EXCLUSIVE MEMBER OF MEDIAVINE FOOD

