https://www.cookingwithnart.com/thai-sweet-chili-sauce/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * HOME
  * ABOUT
  * ALL RECIPES
    * RECIPES BY CATEGORY
    * RECIPES BY DIET
    * RECIPES BY INGREDIENT
  * PANTRY
  * CONTACT
  * SUBSCRIBE
  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * HOME
  * ABOUT
  * ALL RECIPES
    * RECIPES BY CATEGORY
    * RECIPES BY DIET
    * RECIPES BY INGREDIENT
  * PANTRY
  * CONTACT
  * SUBSCRIBE

×

Recipes by Category » Condiments » **Thai Sweet Chili Sauce | Nam Jim Gai**

Published: Nov 22, 2021 · Modified: Nov 22, 2021 by Nart · This post may
contain affiliate links.

# Thai Sweet Chili Sauce | Nam Jim Gai

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

Known in Thailand as nam jim gai (sometimes spelled nam chim kai), the Thai
sweet chili sauce is perfect for fried and grilled foods such as chicken
wings, Thai pork toast, Thai spring rolls, and deep-fried meatballs or crispy
pork wontons. It calls for very simple ingredients, is super easy to make and
ready under 20 minutes!

## Why This Recipe Works

Thai sweet red chili sauce is a versatile condiment that takes just minutes to
put together. Also, the ingredients required are very simple that chances are
you already have them in your pantry! And the bonus is, if you like this sauce
hotter than the store-bought version, this is how you can make it happen.

This is one of the best fried food dipping sauces out there. You can enjoy
many appetizers, party foods and finger foods such as Thai pork toast with it.
Also, it's great with grilled and roast meat so, be sure to try it with this
grilled pork neck or any leftover Thanksgiving or Christmas turkey!

## Ingredients You Need

Here is a visual overview of the ingredients in the recipe. Scroll down to the
recipe at the bottom for quantities.

### Ingredient Notes

  * **Red Thai chili:** Although the green Thai chili tastes the same, never use it to make this dipping sauce because it's just going to look wrong!
  *  **Vinegar**: You can use a cheap Asian white vinegar here. This is going to help keep the cost low while still making the taste authentic. Plus it won't affect the color of the sauce. 

## Step-by-step Instructions

**Quick Tip: For efficiency preparing this recipe,** rinse the chilis under
running water and remove the stems. Then, peel the garlic and measure the rest
of the ingredients and set aside.

Once everything is ready to go, the rest of the process should take just about
15-20 minutes!

**Step 1:** Chop the red Thai chilis and garlic into small pieces so that it
is easier to pound.

**Step 2:** Place the chopped garlic in the mortar and roughly pound (see
texture in image above). If you don't have a set of mortar and pestle or you
prefer, you can use a food processor for steps 2-3.

**Step 3:** Add the chopped chili and pound until you get the same texture as
the garlic.

**Step 4:** Pour the water into the saucepan and put it over medium heat.

**Step 5:** Add the salt.

**Step 6:** Add the chili and garlic.

**Step 7:** Add the sugar.

**Step 8:** Add the vinegar.

**Step 9:** Stir to combine all the ingredients and bring to a boil.

**Step 10:** Reduce the heat to low and continue to boil until reduced by
half, about 5 minutes.

**Step 11:** Turn off the heat and transfer to a bowl or sterile glass bottle
or jar.

## FAQs

**  
How Long Does Thai Sweet Chili Sauce Last?**

A homemade version of Thai sweet chili sauce will keep in the refrigerator for
up to about 1 month.

**Does Thai Sweet Chili Sauce Need To Be Refrigerated?**

If you make a large amount for or you'll be using it after a few days of
making, then the sauce should be refrigerated to keep it fresh.

**How hot is Thai Sweet Chili Sauce?**

As hot as you want! Traditionally, this sauce is supposed to be just mildly
hot. But since you're making this yourself, you can up the amount of chili or
even garlic to suit your preference.

**Can You Have Thai Sweet Chili Sauce With Western Food?**

Of course! We do enjoy grilled chicken, pork and beef with this sauce. So you
could have your Thanksgiving or Christmas turkey with this sauce. If you feel
that it's too untraditional, then have with the leftovers!

## Related Posts

  * Prik Nam Pla | Thai Fish Sauce with Chilies Condiment

  * How To Make Salted Eggs

  * Thai Green Curry Paste | Prik Gaeng Keow Wan

  * Thai Red Curry Paste

## Thai Sweet Chili Sauce

Known in Thailand as nam jim gai (น้ำจิ้มไก่), the Thai sweet chili sauce is
perfect for fried and grilled foods such as chicken wings, Thai spring rolls,
and deep-fried meatballs or wontons. It calls for very simple ingredients, is
super easy to make and ready under 20 minutes! And if you like this sauce
hotter than the store-bought version, this is your chance to make it happen.

5 from 49 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Condiments

Cuisine: Thai

Diet: Gluten Free

Prep Time: 10 minutes

Cook Time: 10 minutes

Total Time: 20 minutes

Servings: 1 serving

Calories: 338kcal

Author: Nart

### Equipment

  * ▢

Sauce pan

  * ▢

Mortar and pestle or food processor

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 5 red Thai chilis rinsed and stems removed
  * ▢ 1 head garlic peeled
  * ▢ 4 tablespoons water
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon salt
  * ▢ 6 tablespoons granulated sugar
  * ▢ 4 tablespoons vinegar

US Customary - Metric

### Instructions

  * Chop the red Thai chilis and garlic into small pieces so that it is easier to pound.

  * Place the chopped garlic in the mortar and roughly pound. If you don’t have a set of mortar and pestle or you prefer, you can use a food processor for steps 2-3.

  * Add the chopped chili and pound until you get the same texture as the garlic.

  * Pour the water into the saucepan and put it over medium heat.

  * Add the salt.

  * Add the chili and garlic.

  * Add the sugar.

  * Add the vinegar.

  * Stir to combine all the ingredients and bring to a boil.

  * Reduce the heat to low and continue to boil until reduced by half, about 5 minutes.

  * Turn off the heat and transfer to a bowl or sterile glass bottle or jar.

### Video

### Notes

  1. Although the green Thai chili tastes the same, if you want to make the sauce look authentic, use the red Thai chili only.
  2. You don't need to use a fancy vinegar to make this sauce. A cheap Asian white vinegar will do. This is what we use to make this sauce and also the white vinegar won't affect the color of the sauce.
  3. This Thai sweet chili sauce will keep in the refrigerator for up to 1 month.
  4. If you're going to make a large amount of the sauce and store it for many uses, it's recommended to keep the sauce in a sterilized glass bottle or jar before refrigerating.

### Nutrition

Calories: 338kcalCarbohydrates: 83gProtein: 2gFat: 1gSaturated Fat:
1gPolyunsaturated Fat: 1gSodium: 2336mgPotassium: 166mgFiber: 1gSugar:
73gVitamin A: 179IUVitamin C: 45mgCalcium: 61mgIron: 1mg

Tried this recipe?Mention @cookingwithnart or tag #cookingwithnart!

« How To Make Salted Eggs

Easy Hummus Toast Ideas »

Sharing is caring!

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin

### Newsletter

#### Never Miss a Recipe!

Sign up and receive the latest recipes via email

Leave this field empty if you're human:

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Kayla DiMaggio says

November 29, 2021 at 7:40 pm

  
Loving how easy this was to make! Way better than store bought!

Reply

  2. Cindy Mom the Lunch Lady says

November 28, 2021 at 10:00 pm

  
This sauce was so simple to make and was absolutely delicious. The perfect
balance of sweet and spicy!

Reply

  3. Stacy says

November 28, 2021 at 7:30 pm

  
Easy to make and delicious. We made this sauce for wing night and it was
amazing! Love that I can add more heat for those who like it hot and less for
those who don't.

Reply

  4. Gwynn says

November 27, 2021 at 4:32 am

  
This recipe is so delicious on vegetables, chicken and more! So versatile!

Reply

  5. Liz says

November 26, 2021 at 7:52 pm

  
This sauce sounds delicious! I love how versatile it can be too! A great sauce
to use for various foods!

Reply

  6. nancy says

November 23, 2021 at 7:34 am

  
the thai chili sauce goes with everything!

Reply

  7. Dawn Conklin says

November 23, 2021 at 4:30 am

  
Love how easy this is to make and it will be perfect on our chicken tonight!
It isn't too spicy for the family either.

Reply

  8. Kalin Williams says

November 22, 2021 at 10:51 pm

  
I can think of so many great ways for my family to use this!

Reply

  9. Natalie says

November 22, 2021 at 8:01 pm

  
I always buy sweet chili sauce in the store. But your sauce sounds so much
better. I'm going to make this for sure. Thanks!

Reply

  10. Tavo says

November 22, 2021 at 3:38 pm

  
I didn't know it was so easy to make. I tried spring rolls, and it was
delicious!

Reply

  11. Michelle says

November 22, 2021 at 3:25 pm

  
This turned out perfect! So tasty and just the right amount of heat for us.
Thank you for the recipe.

Reply

  12. Maria San Juan says

November 22, 2021 at 11:00 am

  
Something was added to my fried food adventures! Thank you very much for
sharing this! Will definitely try!

Reply

  13. Heather Johnson says

November 22, 2021 at 10:47 am

  
love this - it's my favorite sauce and i really wanted to know how to make it
from scratch rather than buy it - thanks!

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name *

Email *

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

## Hi, I'm Nart!

I'm Thai born and bred and I love cooking for my family, friends and myself.
I'm here to share with you my Thai and other Asian recipes with a bit of
baking and Western recipes thrown in here and there. More about me →

### CONNECT WITH ME!

  *   *   *   * 

### SEASONAL RECIPES

  * Steamed Pumpkin Cake (Thai Dessert) | Khanom Fak Thong

  * Sweet Potato Balls

  * Thai Iced Tea (Cha Yen)

### POPULAR RECIPES

  * Thai Mango Sticky Rice

  * Butterfly Pea Tea Lemonade

  * Thai Chili Dipping Sauce - Nam Jim Jaew

  * Thai Grilled Pork Neck (Kor Moo Yang)

  * Nom Yen (Thai Pink Milk)

  * Tom Yum Goong | Thai Lemongrass Soup | ต้มยำกุ้ง

  * Thai Omelette (Kai Jeow)

  * Raspberry Lime Vodka Cocktail

  * Thai Cashew Chicken | Gai Pad Med Mamuang

  * Butterfly Pea Milk

##### Amazon Disclosure

As an Amazon Associate, I earn from qualifying purchases.

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * Disclosure and Privacy Policy
  * Accessibility Statement
  * Contact

### Follow

  *   *   *   * 

### BROWSE

  * Recipes
  * Pantry
  * How-to Guides

COPYRIGHT © 2021 COOKINGWITHNART.COM ALL RIGHTS RESERVED

