https://theforkedspoon.com/sweet-and-spicy-thai-chili-sauce/


  *   * Search
  * Saved Recipes
  * About
  * Browse Recipes
  * Recipe Index
  *   *   *   * 

#### Social Navigation

  *   *   *   * 

#### Main Navigation

  * Recipe Index
  * About
  * Saved Recipes

Subscribe  by email

The Forked Spoon

Eat Healthy • Adventure Often

  * Browse Recipes
  * Breakfast
  * Salads
  * Soups
  * Sides
  * Dinners
  * Desserts
  * By Diet

Home » Sauce + Dip » Thai Chili Sauce

# Thai Chili Sauce

Jessica Randhawa  
May 1, 2016

4.75 from 16 votes

  

  
Last Updated June 13, 2020 | 0 Comments

  

This post may contain affiliate links. Read my disclosure policy.

568 shares

  *   *   * 

jump to recipe

Learn how to make traditional Thai Chili Sauce with this recipe that is both
sweet and spicy.

Sweet and spicy Thai chili sauce, a must have condiment for just about any
Asian dish. It doesn't matter what it is, really; rice, noodles, chicken,
SHRIMP, this sauce makes even the best, already perfect, most delicious
dishes, even better.

I don't know how it does it, it just does.

Then, one day, while gathering everything for dinner I realized we were out of
sweet chili sauce. Not almost out, completely OUT! Dinner was cooking so I had
no time to run out to the store for more. When it comes to food and what I
eat, I can be stubborn. If I have a specific craving or vision in mind
(hormones) of what I am going to cook and eat, then I make sure that's what I
get.

So, on that day, I wanted my spicy noodle bowl with sweet and spicy chili
sauce (crazy hormones). So, to get what I really wanted I knew I would have to
make my own. As it turns out, this sweet ruby red, slightly (or very) spicy
sticky sauce is SUPER easy to make. Seriously, you guys, all you need are a
handful of pretty basic ingredients and 15 minutes. That's it. So much easier
and so much faster than running out to the market, too! You can even adjust
the amount of cayenne powder and fish sauce to suit your own personal
preference.

## Thai Chili Sauce

4.75 from 16 votes

Chef: Jessica Randhawa

Learn how to make traditional Thai Chili Sauce with this recipe that is both
sweet and spicy.

Print Recipe Pin Recipe Rate Recipe Save Recipe Saved!

Prep Time 5 mins

Cook Time 10 mins

Total Time 15 mins

Course Sauce

Cuisine American

Servings 24 servings

Calories 26 kcal

### Ingredients



US CustomaryMetric



1x2x3x

  * ▢ ⅔ cup sugar
  * ▢ ½ cup rice vinegar
  * ▢ ¼ cup water
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon minced garlic
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon red pepper flakes
  * ▢ 1.5 teaspoon Sriracha
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon Cayenne pepper - optional
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon cornstarch mixed with 1 tablespoon cold water
  * ▢ ½ tablespoon fish sauce

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Instructions



  * Add sugar, rice vinegar and water to a small sauce pan, stir and turn on heat to medium-high. Continue to gently stir sugar mixture until it comes to a low boil and all the sugar has completely dissolved.

  * Turn heat to low and gently mix in the minced garlic, red pepper flakes, Sriracha and cayenne pepper (optional. Leave out if you are sensitive to spicy food). Allow the sauce to simmer for 2-3 minutes, stirring occasionally.

  * In the meantime, dissolve 1 tablespoon cornstarch in 1 tablespoon cold water. Mix until there are no longer any lumps and all cornstarch is completely dissolved.

  * Turn up heat to medium high and pour in the cornstarch, making sure to mix well immediately. Return heat to low, add fish sauce and salt (to taste). Allow sauce to thicken (this should happen quite fast) and remove from heat. Your sauce will continue to thicken once removed from heat.

  * Keep leftovers stored in an airtight jar or container in the refrigerator.

### Nutritional Information

Calories: 26kcal | Carbohydrates: 6g | Protein: 1g | Fat: 1g | Saturated Fat:
1g | Sodium: 42mg | Potassium: 8mg | Fiber: 1g | Sugar: 6g | Vitamin A: 134IU
| Vitamin C: 1mg | Calcium: 2mg | Iron: 1mg

(Nutrition information provided is an estimate and will vary based on cooking
methods and specific brands of ingredients used.)

Keyword thai chili sauce

Did You Make This Recipe? Tag it Today!Mention @theforkedspoon or tag
#theforkedspoon and please leave your star rating in the comment section
below.

About Jessica

Jessica Randhawa is the head chef, photographer, and recipe developer of The
Forked Spoon. Jessica fell in love with cooking while traveling through Asia
and Europe, where she discovered her passion for good food and new adventures.
Her recipes have been featured on Yahoo, MSN, USA Today, FeedFeed, and many
more. She holds a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of
California.

_

568 shares

  *   *   * 

#### About Jessica Randhawa

Jessica Randhawa is the head chef, photographer, and recipe developer of The
Forked Spoon. Jessica fell in love with cooking while traveling through Asia
and Europe, where she discovered her passion for good food and new adventures.
Her recipes have been featured on Yahoo, MSN, USA Today, FeedFeed, and many
more. She holds a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of
California.

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

I’m Jessica! Aka mom, wife, chef, and travel-obsessed photographer. Welcome to
The Forked Spoon. Here you can browse hundreds of incredible family-friendly
recipes covering dozens of diets, courses, and cuisines. Learn more about me.

#### Reader Favorites

  * Acai Bowl Recipe - How to Make Your Own Acai Bowl
  * How to Cook Beets (3 Methods)
  * Chimichurri Recipe (How to Make Chimichurri Sauce)
  * 10 Minute Garlic Bok Choy Recipe
  * Bone Broth Recipe (How to Make Bone Broth)
  * The Best Greek Chicken Marinade

  * About
  * Browse Recipes
  * Contact
  * Accessibility Statement

  *   *   *   * 

Copyright (C) 2022 · The Forked Spoon LLC • Disclosure

