https://www.myrecipes.com/recipe/singapore-mai-fun


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

MyRecipes MyRecipes

  * Course
  * Baking
  * Global
  * Healthy
  * Favorite Ingredients
  * Holidays and Occasions
  * Quick and Easy
  * Convenience Recipes
  * BBQ and Grilling
  * How To
  * Extra Crispy
  * News

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Account

  * Register
  * Newsletters
  * Email Preferences
  * Logout

Login

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore MyRecipes

MyRecipes MyRecipes

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * 55+ Easy Dinner Recipes for Busy Weeknights

####  55+ Easy Dinner Recipes for Busy Weeknights

Everybody understands the stuggle of getting dinner on the table after a long
day. If you're looking for a simple recipe to simplify your weeknight, you've
come to the right place--easy dinners are our specialty. For an easy supper
that you can depend on, we picked out some of our tried-and-true favorites
that have gotten us through even the busiest of days. Whether you're cooking
for yourself or for a family, these easy dinners are sure to leave everyone
satisfied and stress-free.  Read More

    * The Brilliant Secret to Making Better Mashed Potatoes

####  The Brilliant Secret to Making Better Mashed Potatoes

Trust me, it's so worth it.  Read More

    * 65 Super Easy Finger Foods to Make for Any Party

####  65 Super Easy Finger Foods to Make for Any Party

From chips and dip to one-bite apps, finger foods are the perfect way to kick
off a party. No forks or spoons required, just easy-to-pick-up party foods, so
you can clean up in no time.  Read More

  * Course

### Course

See All Course

    * Best Appetizer Recipes...Ever
    * Best Drink Recipes for Any Occasion
    * Salad Recipes
    * The Ultimate Guide to Sensational Sides
    * Soup and Stew Recipes
    * Easy Entertaining for Everyone
    * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes
    * Main Dishes and Entrees
    * Dinner Recipes
    * Dessert Recipes

  * Baking

### Baking

See All Baking

    * Bread Recipes
    * Our Most-Loved Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Pie Recipes

  * Global

### Global

See All Global

    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes
    * Middle Eastern Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Malaysian Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * Chinese Recipes
    * African Recipes
    * American Recipes
    * Cajun and Creole Recipes
    * Caribbean Recipes
    * South American Recipes
    * Southern Recipes
    * German Recipes

  * Healthy

### Healthy

See All Healthy

    * Easy, Healthy Recipes
    * Healthy Breakfasts
    * Healthy Dinners
    * Healthy Desserts
    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Diet and Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Low Carbohydrate Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Favorite Ingredients

### Favorite Ingredients

See All Favorite Ingredients

    * The Ultimate Guide to Chicken
    * Vegetable Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Cheese Recipes
    * Chocolate Recipes
    * Pasta Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Holidays and Occasions

### Holidays and Occasions

See All Holidays and Occasions

    * A Foodie's Guide to Halloween Recipes
    * The Ultimate Thanksgiving Guide
    * Hanukkah Recipes
    * Your Ultimate Christmas Recipe Guide
    * Our Most Festive New Year's Recipes
    * Best-Ever Super Bowl Sunday Recipes
    * Best Valentine's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * The Ultimate Guide to Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Labor Day Recipes
    * The Ultimate Fourth of July Guide
    * Memorial Day Recipes
    * Touchdown-Worthy Tailgate Recipes
    * Wedding and Shower Recipes

  * Quick and Easy

### Quick and Easy

See All Quick and Easy

    * 15-Minute Recipes for Busy Home Cooks
    * 5 Ingredients or Less
    * Dinner Tonight
    * No-Cook Recipes
    * 45-Minute Recipes

  * Convenience Recipes

### Convenience Recipes

See All Convenience Recipes

    * Budget-Friendly Recipes
    * Our Top Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Our Favorite Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes

  * BBQ and Grilling

### BBQ and Grilling

See All BBQ and Grilling

    * Grilled Beef Recipes
    * Grilled Fish Recipes
    * Grilled Shrimp Recipes
    * Grilled Chicken Recipes
    * Grilled Pork Recipes
    * Grilled Vegetable Recipes

  * How To

### How To

See All How To

    * 7 Ways With...
    * Videos
    * Ingredients and Tools
    * Kitchen Cleaning

  * Extra Crispy
  * News

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Account

  * Register
  * Newsletters
  * Email Preferences
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Singapore Mai Fun

# Singapore Mai Fun

Rating: 4 stars

13 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 6 
  * 4 star values: 3 
  * 3 star values: 4 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 13 Ratings 
  * 11 Reviews 

Long popular in take-out menus, this curried noodle dish is a sure hit and
ready in a snap--provided you have the ingredients prepped before you start.
The leftovers are good cold, as well. You'll find skinny rice noodles in the
supermarket's ethnic food section.

By Bruce Weinstein and Mark Scarbrough

Recipe by Cooking Light November 2004

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Singapore Mai Fun

Credit: Randy Mayor; Cindy Barr

## Recipe Summary

Yield:

6 servings (serving size: 1 cup)

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1 (6-ounce) package skinny rice noodles (py mai fun) 
  * ½ cup fat-free, less-sodium chicken broth 
  * 3 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce 
  * 1 teaspoon sugar 
  * ½ teaspoon salt 
  * Cooking spray 
  * 1 tablespoon peanut oil, divided 
  * 1 large egg, lightly beaten 
  * ½ cup red bell pepper strips 
  * 1 tablespoon grated peeled fresh ginger 
  * ¼ teaspoon crushed red pepper 
  * 3 garlic cloves, minced 
  * 8 ounces skinless, boneless chicken breast, thinly sliced 
  * 1 tablespoon curry powder 
  * 8 ounces medium shrimp, peeled and deveined 
  * 1 cup (1-inch) slices green onions 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Cook rice noodles according to package directions, omitting salt and fat.
Drain.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Combine broth, soy sauce, sugar, and salt; stir until sugar dissolves.

  * Step 3

Heat a large nonstick skillet over medium-high heat; coat pan with cooking
spray. Add 1 teaspoon oil. Add egg; stir-fry 30 seconds or until soft-
scrambled, stirring constantly. Remove from pan. Wipe pan clean with a paper
towel. Heat the remaining 2 teaspoons oil in pan over medium-high heat. Add
bell pepper strips, ginger, crushed red pepper, and garlic; stir-fry 15
seconds. Add chicken, and stir-fry 2 minutes. Add curry and shrimp; stir-fry 2
minutes. Stir in noodles, broth mixture, and egg; cook 1 minute or until
thoroughly heated. Sprinkle with green onions.

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

237 calories; calories from fat 17%; fat 4.6g; saturated fat 1g; mono fat
1.7g; poly fat 1.3g; protein 19.7g; carbohydrates 27.8g; fiber 1.3g;
cholesterol 115mg; iron 2.2mg; sodium 646mg; calcium 53mg.

Advertisement

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews (11)

Add Rating & Review

Sort by:  Newest

Newest Oldest

EllenDeller

Rating: 4 stars

11/23/2013

Used 2 TB soy and 1 TB fish sauce, otherwise followed the recipe. This is very
tasty, but the serving size as given is silly unless you're feeding children
or people with tiny appetites. We had this as a one-dish meal and my husband
and I ate all of it.

veryslowcook

Rating: 4 stars

04/22/2013

Really enjoyed this dish, but made a few modifications... added a little
mushroom (a good move), added extra red pepper because we like spicy food, and
used surimi instead of the chicken & shrimp (but I bet shrimp would be pretty
awesome in this dish). It was pretty easy to make, esp with the surimi.

JenniferM

Rating: 5 stars

01/22/2013

I made this last night and it was excellent....definitely will add it to the
rotation. I did not use shrimp, instead used 2 chicken breasts. Otherwise made
according to directions. Picky kids ate it up, husband polished off any
potential leftovers.

mandofan

Rating: 3 stars

01/18/2012

This is really good; really makes a more satisfying 3 servings. Quick.
Substituted whole-wheat spaghetti.

SuzetteR

Rating: 3 stars

08/16/2011

This turned out well. However, not something I will have to make again.

MarkSz

Rating: 3 stars

06/17/2011

Another good one. My wife and daughter who do not care for spicy food had
seconds. I used ground red pepper instead of flakes and I also added some
broccoli and cremini mushrooms that I had in the frig. Great addition. My
daughter wont eat chicken so I doubled the shrimp and used vegetable stock. I
roughly chopped up the noodles before mixing them in because they tend to
become a big mat that you cannot mix in easily with the veggies otherwise.
Will make this again.

MyRecipes Member

Rating: 3 stars

06/14/2011

This dish was good, but it certainly did now WOW me. All the flavor came from
the bell peppers and green onions, so I think more veggies would help, or some
extra seasonings or spice. I should mention that I did not add shrimp, maybe
that was the problem????

SueBee888

Rating: 5 stars

05/26/2011

This is such a yummy recipe! I love the flavors in this dish, but this version
has much less oil and fat than the one served in restaurants. I have made it
many times exactly as described and it always comes out fantastic! A real
keeper!

Tamarlubulu

Rating: 5 stars

01/26/2011

I tried this recipe last night. It was wonderful. I shared it with friends and
co-workers who thought I had ordered from the chinese take out. Exceptional.

steponme

Rating: 5 stars

11/01/2010

This is spicy and delicious. We went back for 3rd's! I even forgot to add the
salt and we didn't miss it. I did use green bell pepper instead of red, b/c
that's what I had on hand.

NutsinNormal

Rating: 5 stars

09/09/2009

At first I thought, "if I can get carry-out Singapore noodles, why bother
learning to make it?". The answers: a) its fun, and b) its healthier. Didn't
turn out exactly like carry-out, but tasted lighter and fresher. My husband
added Penzey's Singapore seasoning to his-- mine made me very happy as-is.

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Singapore Mai Fun

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Singapore Mai Fun

##  All Reviews for Singapore Mai Fun

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

MyRecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithMyRecipes.com is part of the Allrecipes Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporation. MyRecipes is a registered trademark of Meredith
Corporation All Rights Reserved. MyRecipes may receive compensation for some
links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to
change without notice.  Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of
Servicethis link opens in a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab
California Do Not Sellthis link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis
link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 MyRecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.myrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Singapore Mai Fun

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

