https://talkingmeals.com/shrimp-mei-fun-recipe/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Cookbook
  * About
  * Contact Me
    * Fully-Prepped Dinners Delivered in Hoboken, NJ
    * Work with Me
  * Shop
  * Privacy Policy
  * Search

Talking Meals

menu icon

  * Recipes
  * Cookbook
  * About
  * Contact Me
  * Shop

*   *   *   * 

search icon

Search

  * Recipes
  * Cookbook
  * About
  * Contact Me
  * Shop

*   *   *   * 

√ó

Home ¬ª Easy Seafood Dinners

April 3, 2022 35 Minutes or Less Dinners

# Shrimp Mei Fun Recipe {Singapore Rice Noodles}

__Tweet

 __Share

 __Pin 66

 __Share

66 Shares

Jump to Recipe

This Shrimp Mei Fun Recipe is an easy stir fry to make at home and tastes so
much better than take out! With carrots, cabbage, curry powder, sesame oil,
and more it's is a 30 minute weeknight dinner.

This Shrimp Mei Fun Recipe, or Singapore Rice Noodles, will have you tossing
your take-out menus in the trash (does anyone have paper menus these days?)!
That's because this traditional Chinese Thin Rice Noodle dish is incredibly
easy to make and absolutely delicious to eat! Mei Fun, sometimes called
Singapore Mei Fun, refers to both the thin rice noodles, as well as dishes
made with them. That's why you will see quite a variety of recipes out there.
My version uses simple ingredients that you likely have on hand.

The proteins are mainly Shrimp, which cooks in literally a few minutes, but
also eggs. It would also be great with Char Siu, which is Easy Chinese BBQ
Pork. The veggies are cabbage, carrots, and scallions. For flavor, I used
curry powder, soy sauce, sesame oil, garlic, and ginger. You've got to try
this one, the whole family will love it!

Want more tips for making busy family dinners easier?  Click here for my Free
Printable 5 Simple Steps to Easy Family Dinners!

## Homemade Take-Out Saves Time and Money!

If you have ever ordered take-out from Chinese restaurants (and I'm guessing
you have) then you have likely come across Mei Fun!  The beauty of making it
at home is that you can make enough Chinese food for the entire family for
about the price of one serving of take-out.  And you save time by not having
to pick it up or save money by not paying a delivery fee or tip.

To further save cost and complexity, this recipe uses simple ingredients,
rather some of the more costly ingredients that you may not use often, such as
oyster sauce, fish sauce, hoisin sauce. Of course, if you have these
ingredients on hand, by all means, use them! They do add depth of flavor.

There are so many quick and easy Chinese take-out stir fry dishes that you can
make at home, such as Peanut Teriyaki Chicken and Broccoli with Rice Noodles!

Or go a bit unconventional with Asian Meatballs!  My Teriyaki Meatball Stir
Fry with Veggies and Noodles takes a yummy meatball and transforms it with
Asian ingredients and flavors.

If you want to go meatless, try Tofu!  My Easy Thai Vegetable Stir Fry with
Tofu and Peanut Sauce is a winner!

_Quick note!   This post contains affiliate links, which means I earn a
commission (at no extra cost to you) if you purchase from them.  This
commission is what helps me keep this blog afloat :).  I also share these
links because I have used the products, genuinely love them, and want you to
know exactly what I used. _

## Simple Ingredients and Swaps for these Mei Fun Noodles

### Fridge and Fresh Ingredients

  * Shrimp - You can buy frozen or fresh. To save time, buy deveined and no shells. If you use frozen shrimp, you want to thaw them in the fridge overnight or under running (not standing) cold water.
  * Scallions (green onions) ‚Äì I love scallions for the green color and mild onion-flavor. You can swap with finely minced yellow or red onion or even shallots.
  * Cabbage - I used basic white cabbage and you can buy it already shredded in the coleslaw mix bag to save time! You can also you Napa cabbage.
  * Carrots - I peeled my carrot, but you can clean and leave the peel on. You can also slice baby carrots if you have those. Slice enough to get about ¬æ cup.
  * Eggs, large - Any size egg will work in this recipe. 
  * Fresh Garlic, minced ‚Äì Fresh is best when it comes to garlic, but you can buy pre-minced garlic to save time or mince it in bulk and freeze it for use when you need it!
  * Ginger - I love to buy the fresh root and then mince it in bulk in the food processor, so that I can freeze and always have it on. 

### Pantry Ingredients

  * Curry Powder - This is a variation that I love from a local Chinese restaurant. You can use your favorite curry powder from the Spice Section or International Section at your grocery store.
  * Soy Sauce - I used regular Soy Sauce, but you can also use light soy sauce, low sodium, or Gluten Free. If you don't have Soy sauce, you can add beef, chicken, vegetable, or fish stock or broth.
  * Sesame Oil - Sesame Oil is really for flavor and a little goes a long way. If you don't have it, just eliminate it altogether.
  * Honey - Honey brings natural sweetness. You can substitute the same quantity of white granulated sugar or even brown sugar.
  * Rice Vermicelli Noodles, uncooked - Rice noodles come in a few different thicknesses. For this recipe, you want to use thin.
  * Olive Oil - You can also use vegetable oil

### Optional Ingredients for heat/spice

  * Red chili peppers - leave seeds in for more heat or de-seed for less. Slice fine.
  * Red pepper flakes

## No Special Equipment Needed

Aside from a medium pot for boiling water for the noodles, the only other
think you need is a large skillet/frying pan.Of course, if you have a large
wok, you can use that, but it is NOT necessary. I use my absolute favorite 12‚Ä≥
Ceramic Pan, which is great because food really does slide right off with
minimal oil and I don‚Äôt have to worry about food sticking and burning.

Oh, and mincing garlic is made super easy with a Garlic Press.

## Time Saving Prep-Ahead Steps for this Recipe

_We are all extremely busy and making dinner during the week can be
overwhelming. Here are steps you can prepare ahead to save time on busy
nights!_ _(See the full recipe below)_ _ _

The prep work for this recipe is quick and easy. It includes peeling and
mincing or grating the garlic and ginger. Finely Slice the scallions, finely
slice or shred the cabbage, and cut the carrots into thin matchstick size
pieces.

Clean the shrimp if not already done so. Remove the outer shell and devein the
backs. I left the tails on, but you can remove if desired. Toss with 2
tablespoons soy sauce.

## Cooking Steps for this Shrimp Mei Fun Recipe

The rice noodles take only minutes to soften, but I like to get them going so
they are ready first when I need to add them to the skillet. Bring a large pot
of water up to a boil, turn off the heat and add the rice noodles to the hot
water. Stir the noodles as they soften for 2-3 minutes. Drain and rinse under
warm water. Place back in the pot and stir with 2 tablespoons of soy sauce.
Set aside until ready to add to the pan.

Preheat a large skillet or large pan on high heat. Add the olive oil and then
the shrimp in a single layer. Cook for 1 minute and then flip the shrimp over
and cook for 1-2 more minutes until they curl up. Then immediately transfer
the shrimp to a place.

To the same large skillet on medium-high heat add another tablespoon of olive
oil and the cabbage, Carrots, and scallions (save some scallions for garnish).
Add the garlic, ginger, curry powder, 2 tablespoons of soy sauce, honey, and
sesame oil. Stir to combine and then cook for 2-3 minutes until the carrots
start to get tender.

Next, in a small bowl, whisk the eggs and then add them to the cabbage
mixture. Cook, stirring frequently for about 5 minutes until the eggs are
cooked.

Gently stir in the noodles to combine and warm through. Finally add back the
shrimp.

Garnish with scallions and ENJOY!  üòç Carrie

## Recipe FAQS

**Is this Mei Fun Recipe gluten free?**

recipe is gluten free with the ingredients listed. Check all packaging
ingredient labels to ensure that it does not contain gluten.

**What other vegetables can I add to these Mei Fun Noodles?**

You can add in thinly sliced red bell pepper, bean sprouts, snow peas,
broccoli, peas, or zucchini. Really, any veggie that you like will work!

**Can I make this Mei Fun with Chicken, Pork, Beef, or Tofu instead?**

This very same recipe can be turned into Chicken Mei Fun, or pork, beef, or
tofu Mei Fun! Simply cut the raw meat into thin strips and add the soy sauce
as the recipe says. The cooking time will be longer for meat vs. shrimp. Make
sure that you cook chicken, pork, or beef for about 5-8 minutes to be sure it
is cooked through. You can also use leftover roast chicken or roast pork!

**Have you tried this recipe? If so, please leave a ‚≠êÔ∏è‚≠êÔ∏è‚≠êÔ∏è‚≠êÔ∏è‚≠êÔ∏è star rating in
the recipe below! I love to hear your feedback and your rating helps others to
find this recipe. Thanks so much!**

5 from 1 vote

Print

## Shrimp Mei Fun Recipe {Singapore Noodles}

This Shrimp Mei Fun Recipe is an easy stir fry to make at home and tastes so
much better than take out! With carrots, cabbage, curry powder, sesame oil,
and more it's is a 30 minute weeknight dinner. The proteins are mainly Shrimp,
which cooks in literally a few minutes, but also eggs. The veggies are
cabbage, carrots, and scallions. For flavor, I used curry powder, soy sauce,
sesame oil, garlic, and ginger. You've got to try this one!

Course Main Course

Cuisine Chinese

Keyword chinese food, easy stir fry, gluten free, mei fun, rice noodles,
shrimp

Prep Time 15 minutes

Cook Time 15 minutes

Servings 4 servings

Calories 364 kcal

Author Carrie Tyler

### Ingredients

  * 10 ounces Dry rice vermicelli noodles
  * 1 pound Raw Cleaned Shrimp, 26-30/lb (tails on or off is fine)
  * 3 cups Cabbage
  * 1 Medium-Large Carrots
  * 4 Scallions green onions
  * 1 Tablespoon Olive Oil
  * 2 cloves garlic minced
  * 2 Eggs
  * 1 Tablespoon Sesame Seed Oil
  * 6 Tablespoons Soy sauce (divided: 2 for Shrimp, 2 for sauce, 2 for noodles)
  * 1 Tablespoon curry powder
  * 1 teaspoon salt
  * 1 Tablespoon Honey

#### Optional

  * 1 teaspoon Red chili pepper flakes

### Instructions

#### Prep-Ahead Instructions

  1. Peel and mince the garlic cloves. Peel and mince or grate the ginger. Finely Slice the scallions. 

  2. Finely slice or shred the cabbage. Cut the carrots into thin matchstick size pieces. 

  3. Clean the shrimp if not already done so. Remove the outer shell and devein the backs. I left the tails on, but you can remove if desired. Toss with 2 tablespoons soy sauce.

#### Cooking Steps

  1. Make the rice noodles by bring a large pot of water up to a boil. Add the rice noodles to the boiling water and push them down to submerge. Stir the noodles as they soften for 2-3 minutes. Drain and rinse under warm water. Place back in the pot and stir with 2 tablespoons of soy sauce. Set aside until ready to add to the pan.

  2. Preheat a large skillet or large pan on high heat. Add the olive oil and then the shrimp in a single layer. Cook for 1 minute and then flip the shrimp over and cook for 1-2 more minutes until they curl up. Then immediately transfer the shrimp to a place. 

  3. To the same large skillet on high add another tablespoon of olive oil and the cabbage, Carrots, and scallions (save some scallions for garnish). Add the garlic, ginger, curry powder, 2 tablespoons of soy sauce, honey, and sesame oil. Stir to combine and then cook for 2-3 minutes until the carrots start to get tender.

  4. Next, in a small bowl, whisk the eggs and then add them to the cabbage mixture. Cook, stirring frequently for about 5 minutes until the eggs are cooked.

  5. Gently stir in the noodles to combine and warm through. Finally add back the shrimp.

  6. Garnish with scallions, serve, and enjoy!

### Recipe Notes

  1. Is this Mei Fun Recipe gluten free? recipe is gluten free with the ingredients listed. Check all packaging ingredient labels to ensure that it does not contain gluten.
  2. What other vegetables can I add to these Mei Fun Noodles? You can add in thinly sliced red bell pepper, bean sprouts, snow peas, broccoli, peas, or zucchini. Really, any veggie that you like will work!
  3. Can I make this Mei Fun with Chicken, Pork, Beef, or Tofu instead? This very same recipe can be turned into Chicken Mei Fun, or pork, beef, or tofu Mei Fun! Simply cut the raw meat into thin strips and add the soy sauce as the recipe says. The cooking time will be longer for meat vs. shrimp. Make sure that you cook chicken, pork, or beef for about 5-8 minutes to be sure it is cooked through. You can also use leftover roast chicken or roast pork!

### Share this:

  * Twitter
  * Facebook
  * Pinterest
  * Yummly
  * 

¬´ Mexican Marinated Chicken and Rice Skillet

Creamy Chinese Coconut Shrimp Recipe - 30 Minute Dinner! ¬ª

  * Facebook
  * Pinterest
  * RSS

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Chef Mimi says

April 08, 2022 at 9:35 am

This is wonderful! I‚Äôve made Singapore noodles the more involved way and
they‚Äôre good, but this recipe looks fantastic as well!

Reply

  2. Kristy Murray, Linger says

April 13, 2022 at 1:09 pm

  
I am loving your ethnic recipes lately and this one sounds amazing. Between
the seasonings, the textures and the flavors of this dish, I want to gobble it
up immediately. Such a great post. Thanks so much for always sharing such
tasty recipes.

Reply

    * Carrie Tyler says

April 13, 2022 at 1:30 pm

Thanks, Kristy! Yes, I've been inspired lately by Chinese and other ethnic
cuisines!

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

Notify me of new posts by email.

Œî

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

**Hey there! I‚Äôm Carrie** ‚Äì a cookbook author, recipe developer, former
caterer, & busy working mom.

More about me ‚Üí

### Recent recipes

  * Buffalo Chicken Dip with Greek Yogurt

  * Ricotta Filling Recipe and Ways to Use it

  * Chinese Chicken on a Stick Recipe {Garlic Sesame Sauce}

  * Easiest No Bake Lasagna {Cook on the Stovetop}

### Follow me

  *   *   * 

### Sign up now to get Easy Dinner Recipes emailed to you!

* indicates required

Email Address *

First Name

Last Name

## Footer

‚Üë back to top

COPYRIGHT ¬© 2022 **TALKING MEALS**

##

# It's Dinnertime again??!

### I got you! Get Easy Family Dinner Recipes emailed each week!

#### PLUS a freebie: 10 Freezer Hacks to make dinners easier!



Email Address *  



First Name *  











No, thanks!  


  

