https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/chicken-manchurian-recipe/ipko7x7n


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Chicken Manchurian

  * _15m_ prep
  * _20m_ cook
  * _4_ servings 

6

Save Recipe

217 people saved this

28 people made this

This is not strictly speaking a Chinese recipe. It's actually a Chinese style
dish that's very popular in India. But where it's from isn't as important as
what it is - crispy pieces of fried chicken breast smothered in a sweet and
sour sauce.

Tracy Rutherford

Food Writer

268 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain egg and soybean.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 14 Ingredients 
  * 5 Method Steps 

#### 14 Ingredients

  * 35g (1/4 cup) cornflour 

  * 1 egg 

  * 2 tsp soy sauce 

  * 500g chicken breast fillet, cut into 3cm pieces 

  * Vegetable oil, to shallow-fry 

  * ### SAUCE

  * 2 green shallots, finely sliced, green and white parts kept separately 

  * 3 garlic cloves, crushed 

  * 1 tbsp finely grated fresh ginger 

  * 125ml (1/2 cup) chicken stock 

  * 80ml (1/3 cup) tomato ketchup 

  * 60ml (1/4 cup) soy sauce 

  * 1 tbsp chilli sauce (such as Sriracha), or to taste 

  * 1 tsp caster sugar 

  * 2 tsp cornflour 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 5 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Whisk the cornflour  (35g (1/4 cup) cornflour), egg  (1 egg) and soy sauce  (2
tsp soy sauce) in a large bowl until smooth. Add the chicken  (500g chicken
breast fillet, cut into 3cm pieces) and turn to coat.

  * Step 2

Pour enough oil  (Vegetable oil, to shallow-fry) to come 1.5cm up the side of
a wok or deep frying pan. Heat over medium heat. Cook the chicken, in 3
batches, for 4 minutes each batch or until golden. Use a slotted spoon to
transfer the chicken to a plate lined with paper towel. Cool oil slightly then
carefully pour into a heatproof bowl (discard when cold), leaving about 2 tbs
of oil in the pan.

  * Step 3

For the sauce, reheat the oil in the pan over medium-low heat. Add the white
part of the shallot  (2 green shallots, finely sliced, green and white parts
kept separately), garlic  (3 garlic cloves, crushed) and ginger  (1 tbsp
finely grated fresh ginger). Cook, stirring, for 2 minutes or until aromatic.
Remove from heat. Stir in the stock  (125ml (1/2 cup) chicken stock), ketchup
(80ml (1/3 cup) tomato ketchup), soy sauce  (60ml (1/4 cup) soy sauce), chilli
sauce  (1 tbsp chilli sauce (such as Sriracha), or to taste) and sugar  (1 tsp
caster sugar).

  * Step 4

Combine the cornflour  (2 tsp cornflour) with 2 tbs water in a small bowl and
stir to dissolve. Return the wok to medium heat and bring the mixture just to
a simmer. Stir in the cornflour mixture and cook, stirring, until the sauce
boils and thickens. Add the chicken to the sauce and toss to coat.

  * Step 5

Serve the chicken sprinkled with green parts of the shallot.

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

28 people made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

217 people saved this

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

##  Popular on Taste

  1. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

  2. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

  3. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  4. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  5. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

  6. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  7. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

  8. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

