https://www.indianhealthyrecipes.com/chicken-manchurian-recipe/


Skip to content

Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About

Search

Toggle Menu

Search

# Chicken manchurian recipe

Home >> Recipes >> Chicken Recipes

Byswasthi

133 Comments

__WhatsApp

 __Share 335

 __Pin 2K

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

3K Shares

**Chicken Manchurian recipe** - Delicious fried chicken in slightly sweet, hot
& sour Manchurian sauce. Chicken Manchurian is an **Indo chinese food** that
is much popular in the Indian subcontinent. The vegetarian versions like
**Gobi manchurian**, **Veg manchurian** & **Paneer manchurian** are also
popular & are loved by many.

* * *

Chicken Manchurian is not an authentic Chinese dish. But is a fusion food from
the Indian Chinese cuisine which is developed with the adaptation of Chinese
seasoning & cooking methods to suit Indian taste buds.

**Chilli chicken** and chicken manchurian are 2 dishes that are made similarly
but they taste very different. I had chicken Manchurian in a couple of fine
dining Indochinese restaurants and had absolutely loved it.

In the regular restaurants it is usually made with cubed chicken in a much
similar way like the chilli chicken. Just the flavor of soya sauce is much
more intense in Manchurian.

However the ones I had tasted was made with minced chicken balls which were
crisp fried & then tossed in Manchurian sauce. It just tasted awesome & very
unique.

After several experiments I got hold on the recipe and loved the way it turned
out similar to the restaurant chicken Manchurian except for the color.

**Usually manchurian dishes look darker in color due to the liberal use of
soya sauce**. Since I prefer to minimize it mine turned out pretty bright in
color.

If you do not prefer to make the chicken balls, you can just make the recipe
with diced or cubed chicken. The recipe will remain the same & will still
taste awesome & delicious.

Chicken manchurian is best served as a starter or as a side with **Hakka
noodles** or **Fried rice**.

For more **Chicken recipes** visit  
 **Chicken kebab  
Chicken burger  
Shawarma recipe  
Chicken lollipop**

Advertisement

## Preparation for chicken manchurian

1\. Make sure there is no excess moisture in the chicken before you use it.
You can either use cubed chicken or chicken mince (keema).

I prefer to chop finely and then use. Add soya sauce, ginger garlic, salt ,
red chili powder (optional) and pepper to a mixing bowl. Mix well. For Chinese
recipes, generally no chili powder is used. But i prefer to use to get a a
good color which otherwise is got by food colors in restaurants.

2\. Add egg white, rice flour and corn flour. 1 egg white works good for half
a kg chicken. I used only half of 1 egg white since i used only 250 grams
chicken. Do not add more egg otherwise the mixture will turn soggy.

3\. Mix everything well and set aside for at least 1 hour. You can also skip
this.

## Frying chicken

4\. Heat oil in a pan for deep frying. Check if the oil is hot enough by
sliding in a small portion of batter. It must rise without browning. If using
cubed chicken then slide the batter coated pieces to the hot oil. Fry on a
medium heat until the chicken is golden and crisp. When the chicken is cooked
fully bubbles will reduce.

If using minced chicken. Take small portions of the mixture and make balls.
Fry them in hot oil. You may not get round balls, that is just fine. In case
you want to make perfect round balls, then you need to reduce egg or add more
flour. But that alters the texture of the ball.

Egg is used to lock the meat juices and prevents the meat balls from turning
dry. A reduction of egg may turn the balls dry and hard.

5\. We need to stir often while frying to cook the meat evenly.

Advertisement

6\. Transfer all the balls to a kitchen towel. Switch off the stove.

7\. Add 2 tsp corn flour to a bowl and mix with ¼ cup water. Stir and set
aside.

8\. Add vinegar, soya sauce, sugar and red chili sauce to a bowl. You can also
add little tomato sauce if you prefer. Set this aside as well.

Advertisement

## How to make chicken manchurian

9\. We can use the same pan further. Transfer the hot oil to a cup, keep only
½ tbsp oil. Fry chopped garlic ginger till you begin to smell good.

10\. Add onions and spring onion whites and saute till they turn transparent.

11\. Add bell peppers, these are optional. If you do not have skip them. Fry
for 2 to 3 minutes.

12\. Pour the sauces. Stir and mix.

13\. When the sauces begin to bubble, Stir the corn flour mixture and then
pour it to the pan.

Advertisement

14\. Pour 1 ¼ cup water and begin to cook. Taste the sauce and adjust salt &
spice. This has to be slightly sweet, sour and hot.

15\. When the sauce begins to bubble, add the fried chicken and spring onions.
Toss well to coat them in sauce. If you have made the chicken balls then
simmer for 2 minutes, this helps the balls to absorb the flavors. If the sauce
becomes very thick, you can add one to 2 tbsp water and stir.

This recipe yields a semi dry chicken manchurian. If you like to have more
gravy, just add 1 tsp more of cornflour and ½ cup more water.

Serve right away as a appetizer or as a side to **fried rice** or hakka
**noodles** or simple **veg noodles**.

Advertisement

## Tips to make chicken Manchurian

  1. Most often I marinate the chicken before frying as it helps to tenderize the chicken. You can also skip this step but for best flavor & texture setting aside for at least 45 mins is recommended. It helps in tenderizing & enhancing the flavor.
  2. Usually chicken stock is used to make the chicken Manchurian sauce but I have used water as I did not have it in hand. However you can just replace the water & use chicken stock.
  3. I have deep fried the chicken. However you can also grill it and then add it to the Manchurian sauce.
  4. You can also whip up an entire meal in the same pan. Just set aside the chicken manchurian and retain some sauce in the pan. Add cooked noodles or rice and stir fry for a minute. You meal is ready in minutes.

 **Related Recipes**

### Chicken kebab rec...

### Chicken Burger Re...

### Chicken Shawarma ...

### Chicken Lollipop ...

### Veg Fried Rice, H...

### Hakka Noodles Rec...

Advertisement

## Chicken manchurian

Fried chicken in manchurian sauce, a popular Indian Chinese appetizer also
served as a side with fried rice or noodles.

Pin Recipe Print Recipe

1x2x3x

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

For best results follow the step-by-step photos above the recipe card

Prep Time1 hour

Cook Time20 minutes

Total Time1 hour 20 minutes

Servings3 people

AuthorSwasthi

### Ingredients (US cup = 240ml )

#### To fry

  * ▢ 250 grams chicken breast boneless, (cubed or minced) 
  * ▢ ½ egg white (1 egg white for ½ kg chicken)
  * ▢ 1/8 tsp pepper coarsely crushed 
  * ▢ 1 tsp soya sauce (Prefer naturally brewed)
  * ▢ 2 pinches chili powder (optional, for color)
  * ▢ 2 tbsp corn starch (white corn flour)
  * ▢ 1 ½ tbsp all-purpose flour or maida (or rice flour)
  * ▢ 1 tsp ginger garlic paste or minced
  * ▢ salt little
  * ▢ oil as needed for frying

#### for manchurian sauce

  * ▢ 1 tbsp garlic chopped finely
  * ▢ ½ tbsp ginger chopped finely
  * ▢ 1 medium onion chopped finely or 2 tbsps spring onion whites
  * ▢ 1 tbsp soya sauce (use more for intense flavor)
  * ▢ 2 tbsp red chili sauce
  * ▢ 2 tbsp tomato sauce optional
  * ▢ 1 tsp vinegar (add more if needed)
  * ▢ 1 cup water or chicken stock
  * ▢ 2 tsp corn starch (white corn flour) (3 tsps for gravy)
  * ▢ 3 tbsp water to mix with flour
  * ▢ salt little 
  * ▢ ½ to 1 tsp sugar
  * ▢ ¾ cup capsicum or bell peppers cubed
  * ▢ 2 tbsps scallions or spring onions greens

Advertisement

### Instructions

#### Preparation for chicken manchurian

  * ▢

Mix chicken with soya sauce, salt, ginger garlic paste, red chili powder
(optional) and pepper powder.

  * ▢

Add egg white and flour. Mix well. Set aside for at least 1 hour.

  * ▢

If you have used chicken cubes then skip this step. If you have used the mince
divide the mixture to 12 portions. Make balls. If you don't get round balls,
that's just fine.

  * ▢

Heat oil until hot enough to fry. Test by sliding a small portion of the
batter to the hot oil. It has to rise without browning. This is the right
temperature.

  * ▢

Deep fry chicken on a medium flame until golden & crisp.  When the chicken is
done cooking bubbles will begin to reduce. Remove the fried chicken to a
kitchen towel. Please make sure the chicken is cooked completely inside before
you add it to the sauce.

#### Making manchurian sauce

  * ▢

Stir in the corn flour with 3 tbsp water in a small bowl. To another small
bowl, add vinegar,soya sauce, tomato sauce (optional) and red chilli sauce.
Mix all of these and set aside.

  * ▢

Transfer the oil to a bowl and retain only half a tbsp. Fry ginger garlic
until aromatic. Fry onions or scallion whites until transparent.

  * ▢

Add bell peppers and fry for 2 minutes. Pour the sauces.

  * ▢

When they begin to bubble, Stir the corn flour mixture & pour it along with 1
cup water or stock.

  * ▢

The sauce begins to bubble and thickens. Taste the sauce and add in more salt
or any sauces you desire. Turn off the heat. Then add fried chicken & spring
onions.

  * ▢

Stir and coat the chicken with the sauces. If you have made to chicken balls
then cook for 2 mins.

  * ▢

Garnish with spring onions and serve chicken manchurian as a appetizer.

Advertisement

Alternative quantities provided in the recipe card are for 1x only, original
recipe.

For best results follow my detailed step-by-step photo instructions and tips
above the recipe card.

### NUTRITION INFO (estimation only)

Nutrition Facts

Chicken manchurian

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 302 Calories from Fat 117

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 13g **20%**

Saturated Fat 3g **19%**

 **Cholesterol** 64mg **21%**

 **Sodium** 609mg **26%**

 **Potassium** 445mg **13%**

 **Carbohydrates** 22g **7%**

Fiber 2g **8%**

Sugar 6g **7%**

 **Protein** 20g **40%**

**Vitamin A** 1630IU **33%**

 **Vitamin C** 55.5mg **67%**

 **Calcium** 28mg **3%**

 **Iron** 1.5mg **8%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Tried this recipe?Mention @SwasthisRecipes or tag #swasthisrecipes!

(C) Swasthi's Recipes

__WhatsApp

 __Share 335

 __Pin 2K

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

3K Shares

**FOR MORE RECIPES**

Please leave this field empty

Enter & Confirm eMail ID for Swasthi's Recipes Newsletter *

Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.

  

## Post navigation

Previous Previous

methi khichdi recipe for babies & toddlers | baby food recipes

NextContinue

Chicken Lollipop Recipe

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

133 Comments

__Inline Feedbacks

View all comments

Laxman

  
Really nice, I have made it, thank you 🙏

Reply

Advertisement

Sal

  
This turned out really good, and was perfect with some veg noodles! Thank you
for the recipe 🙂

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Sal

Glad to know Sal  
🙂

Reply

max

  
A classic Delhi bar dish. Capsicum ads a nice crunch and freshness, hallmark
of Chinese cooking vs Indian. Rice/noodles, I prefer rumali roti, if I can get
it, that to me is the Indo Chinese twist.  
Your recipe is excellent, simple ingredients !!!  
I prefer chicken thigh, it's a little more forgiving. So to the guy who had
problem getting "hard" chicken. He is lucky, it is a sign of good quality
chicken. Industrial chickens are softer. But overcooking still results in dry
and hard. Buttermilk/yogurt classic Indian marinating technique. Check the
Chinese "velveting" techniques, baking SODA, just 20 minutes. It transforms
all tougher meat into very soft when stir frying. Signature Chinese, makes
cheap cuts, tenderloin soft. It is useful when preparing large volume,
restaurant secret.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   max

Hello Max,  
Thanks for sharing that!

Reply

vibhanshul bisht

  
Mam still can you tell difference between manchurian and chilli chicken???? If
we made both dishes with one type of chicken then what will be the difference
between those two??? I not understand the concept of soya sauce as you said in
this page.. Can you tell in details?????? If you can understand hindi then
explain in hindi

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   vibhanshul bisht

Hi,  
Usually chicken manchurian has more soya sauce than chilli chicken. Or
sometimes dark soya is used in manchurian. Ingredients like red chilli or red
chilli sauce are not used in manchurian. This is my version of making sauce so
here making manchurian balls is the key difference.

Reply

Edward

Sister Swasthi,  
Your recipe is not printer friendly. we cannot keep the laptop open and follow
cooking. It would be nice, if you could think of keeping it as printer
friendly.  
Thanks  
ed

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Edward

Hi Edward  
Please check the recipe card, after step-by-step photos. There is a print
button in the recipe card. Hope this helps

Reply

JJ

  
I used to go to a restaurant in Stanmore, called Raw Lasan. It was Indo-
Chinese fusion.

They had some amazing dishes, Chicken Crunchy, Chicken Lollipop, Chicken
Manchurian, Their Fish Kolapuri was amazing. They also had the best naan
breads ever.

Does anyone know the place of which I speak? Or whatever happened to them or
their chef, I'd love to keep eating their food.

Which is why I came to this recipe, going to make it tomorrow. What really
pleases me is that I am a middle-aged white working class bloke, and I have
23/24 of the components in my house ready to cook this. The only one missing
is optional, and that's bell peppers.

Anyway, just want to say that the content and formatting of this website are
absolutely first rate.  
I will certainly be back looking for more.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   JJ

Hi JJ,  
Thanks for being here. You can skip the bell peppers in this recipe. You may
want to check these chicken lollipop and chicken kolhapuri. Hope you enjoy the
food.

Reply

Isha Gulati

  
Hello. Can we oven bake the chicken balls instead of deep frying? Thanks!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Isha Gulati

Hi,  
Yes you can bake the balls at 200 C or 400 F. Will take about 22 to 26 mins.
Adjust the timings depending on the size.

Reply

Advertisement

Neeti Mitra

  
Thank you! My son asked me to make Chicken Manchurian and I followed your
recipe. It was so tasty, my son was very happy. Thanks once again. I request
you to send some chicken recipes as evening snacks.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Neeti Mitra

Welcome Neeti  
Glad it turned out good. Please use the menu bar to find all the chicken
recipes on the blog. Thank you!

Reply

Cynella

Came out very well, I doubled everything as I had 500 grams chicken but I used
Sriracha instead of regular chilly sauce so it was spicy but we enjoy spicy so
it worked well.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Cynella

Thank you! Glad to know

Reply

Rashi

  
Mam I tried your recipe and it turned out so well. But I couldn't make the
chicken pieces soft enough. Can you please give me some tips to make the
chicken soft and juicy ?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Rashi

Hi Rashi,  
Try keeping the chicken in some buttermilk overnight in the fridge. Drain it
and use.

Reply

Arjun

  
Great Recipe of chicken manchurian sauce to, i recomended to others to

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Arjun

Thank you!

Reply

Vee

Everything looks perfect but I believe corn starch needs to be used instead of
corn flour since corn starch is a thickening agent.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Vee

Corn starch and corn flour are same here. It is white corn flour and not
yellow one. I have updated the details.

Reply

Alamelu rangachaari

Very tasty my family loved it so much thanks for teaching me such a delicious
recipe

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Alamelu rangachaari

Hi Alamelu  
You are welcome! Glad you all liked it!

Reply

Advertisement

Nafisa

  
Thanks for sharing this wonderful recipe…my family loved it.. I found it a
little tangier then what I normally prefer… perhaps I will use less vinegar
next time…but still 5 stars for this yumm recipe

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Nafisa

Welcome Nafisa!  
Thank you so much for the comment!

Reply

Shayal

  
Hi Swasthi,  
I am Shayal, your recipes are very good. I have tried your recipe and
everything turned out very good. Thank you very much for the wonderful recipe.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Shayal

Hi Shayal,  
You are welcome. Glad your food turned out good. Thank you so much for the
comment.

Reply

Catherine

  
Hi Swasthi,  
I am ardent fan of your recipes. I intend to make chicken manchurian for a
lunch party. Can I make this with chicken breasts. How can I make this ahead
and reheat? Appreciate any inputs.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Catherine

Hi Catherine,  
Thank you so much! Yes you can make the chicken manchurian with diced chicken
breasts. I wouldn't suggest you make the entire dish and reheat. Since this is
a fried appetizer it is good to fry it just before serving and add it to the
sauce. Otherwise the chicken will turn soggy. You can make the sauce ahead and
set aside. But then it may turn thick as it cools down. So you may need to
sprinkle some water and bring it to consistency first. Then fry the chicken &
add to the manchurian sauce. Hope this helps.

Reply

Bhandavi

  
Nice recipes

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Bhandavi

Thank you

Reply

Keerthi

  
Your recepies are too good and I'd love the taste. I have tried almost all of
your recepies and everything turned out very good.  
Thanks Swasthi

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Keerthi

Welcome Keerthi  
So happy to know the recipes have turned out good. Thanks a lot

Reply

Samatha

  
Hi  
Thanks for your recipes.whenever I try it turns out really delicious.but now I
want to make with 5kgs chicken for harvest festival in my church.can u pls
suggest the measurements especially eggs.  
Thank you

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Samatha

Welcome Samatha,  
Thank you so much for trying. I am so sorry I have never made in such a large
quantity and scared to guide you.

Reply

Advertisement

Cheflanky

  
Perfect recipe  
I tried mine and was perfect  
I appreciate

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Cheflanky

Thanks for trying

Reply

Ayessha Kalpana

  
Thanks for the recipe..it taste great.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Ayessha Kalpana

Welcome Ayesha  
Thanks for trying

Reply

Load Rest of Comments

Advertisement

Advertisement

(C) 2022 Swasthi's Recipes

Insert

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Popular RecipesExpand child menuExpand

    * Matar Paneer
    * Butter Chicken
    * Chana Masala
    * Dal Makhani
    * Gobi Manchurian
    * Chicken Tikka Masala
  * SocialExpand child menuExpand

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Twitter
    * Pinterest
    * Youtube

Toggle Menu Close

Search for:

Search

