https://ikneadtoeat.com/easy-indo-chinese-chicken-manchurian/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

I Knead to Eat

A food blog with recipes from around the world

  * Recipe Index
  * Pakistani / Indian Recipes
  * Cooking/Baking
  * About Me
  * Privacy Policy
  * Search

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * Recipe Index
  * Pakistani / Indian Recipes
  * Cooking/Baking
  * About Me
  * Privacy Policy

Ã—

Home Â» All Recipes Â» Chicken Manchurian Recipe

# Chicken Manchurian Recipe

Published: Aug 18, 2021 Â· Modified: Jun 5, 2022 by Wajeeha Nadeem Â· This post
may contain affiliate links.

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

_Chicken Manchurian is a delicious and popular Indo-Chinese recipe that is
made with crispy fried chicken and a spicy, sweet and sticky sauce. Read on to
learn how to make my easy Chicken Manchurian recipe at home.  _

This dish has risen to popularity for good reason. If you have ever tried
Chicken Manchurian, you know how absolutely addictive it can be! Golden brown
nuggets of boneless chicken are tossed in a divinely tangy sauce and served
over rice.

It is pure comfort food at its finest, and I'm pleased to show you how to make
it at home. Love crispy food? Try these Crispy Breaded Chicken Cutlets with
Creamy Garlic Pasta.

## What is Chicken Manchurian?

Chicken Manchurian consists of crispy coated boneless chicken pieces served in
a spicy, tangy brown or red sauce. Despite the name, Chicken Manchurian is an
Indo-Chinese recipe popular in Indian & Pakistani restaurants, and bears
little resemblance to Manchu or Chinese cuisine.

The addictive **Manchurian sauce** is made up from sweet ketchup, umami soy
sauce and, sometimes, chili garlic sauce. Itâ€™s always garnished with green
onions. And itâ€™s always super delicious ðŸ™‚

Some recipes call for capsicum (a.k.a. green bell pepper), but you should omit
it for a truly authentic chicken Manchurian. The resulting sauce is piquant
and syrupy, with a perfect balance of flavors.

When you get Chicken Manchurian at a restaurant, its typically served as a
bright red sauce that is often tinted with red food colouring. One bonus of
making your own Chicken Manchurian at home is that you can omit the food
coloring and stick to pure flavor. As you can see from the photos, it is still
a bright and beautiful dish!

## How To Make It

This recipe basically has two components: crispy battered chicken and sweet
Manchurian sauce.

### To Make **Crispy Battered Fried Chicken:  **

First you start by making a batter for the chicken - mix corn flour, flour,
salt, pepper and one egg to make the batter. We also add soy sauce and ginger
garlic paste for added flavor.

  *   *   * 

Whisk the ingredients together vigorously with a fork. There should be no
clumps whatsoever. Now pour the batter over your chicken and toss until all
pieces are well covered.

  *   *   * 

Heat your oil in a heavy bottomed sautÃ© pan. You can test to see if the oil is
hot enough to proceed by dripping a small bit of batter into the pan. It
should start to sizzle and cook immediately.

When the oil is hot enough, spread out your coated chicken pieces in a single
layer. It is important to not crowd the pan, so work in batches if you must.
Fry the chicken 2-3 minutes, until golden brown and lightly crispy. Flip and
repeat on the other side.

Who needs gold when you can have this _perfect_ golden chicken??? Lol ðŸ˜€

  *   * 

When the chicken is cooked to perfection, use a slotted spoon to remove it
from the pan. Place it on a plate lined with paper towels to drain any excess
oil. Now it's time to make your yummy sauce.

### To Make **Manchurian Sauce:  **

The sauce for Manchurian Chicken is primarily made from ketchup, chili garlic
sauce (optional), soy sauce, and chopped green onions. You may also add cubed
onions and green capsicum (bell pepper), but I usually donâ€™t add either.

Heat the oil in a wok over medium heat. SautÃ© the garlic and ginger until
fragrant, about 30 seconds. Add in the green onions and cook another 30ish
seconds, until the onions begin to wilt.

  *   *   * 

Add in all remaining sauce ingredients **except** the cornstarch and water.
Stir everything together and cook for a minute or two, until the sauce becomes
thicker and begins to bubble.

  *   *   * 

While your sauce is cooking, combine the cornstarch and water in a small bowl.
Whisk thoroughly to combine into a slurry.

  *   * 

Once your sauce has begun to bubble and thicken a bit in the pan, drizzle in
your cornstarch slurry. Stir the sauce vigorously with a wooden spoon to
incorporate everything, and cook for another minute or so. The sauce is ready
when it is thick enough to coat the back of your spoon.

  *   * 

### How to Assemble Chicken Manchurian

You've made it to the home stretch! All that is left to do is combine your
crispy, golden chicken nuggets and your delicious sweet, spicy, and sour
Manchurian sauce.

Add the chicken to the wok with the sauce. Fold to incorporate, being careful
not to knock off all of your prize-worthy coating. Serve immediately!

## Frequently Asked Questions:

**How should I serve Chicken Manchurian?**

In our family, we love to eat this sticky-spicy-sweet delicious chicken over
garlic rice or egg fried rice. I also highly encourage you to sprinkle it with
some fresh sliced green onions for a bit of bite, and, if you like spicy
foods, some fresh sliced chilis. Feel free to add a drizzle of sriracha or
chili crunch to the final product if fresh chilis aren't on hand.  
That said, feel free to serve this yummy chicken dish however you like! If
you're opting to live a lower carb lifestyle, serve it over cauliflower rice
instead. I also won't judge you one bit if you decide to eat it straight from
the pan.

**I'm not much of a chicken person... any suggestions?**

Although the most popular version of this dish is **Chicken Manchurian** ,
there are other variations of this famous Indo-Chinese recipe.  
If you are vegetarian, try making either **Gobi Manchurian** (using
cauliflower florets instead of chicken) or **Paneer Manchurian** (subbing in
the iconic Indian cottage cheese in place of chicken).  
You can also opt to make this delicious recipe using fish, prawns or even
mutton. I do hope you try this super delicious and easy recipe, regardless of
what you use as the base!

**Can I make this dish ahead of time?**

Due to the nature of the batter, Chicken Manchurian is best served
immediately. While you _can_ refrigerate leftovers for up to three days, the
chicken is likely to become soggy.  
If you must save leftovers, I recommend keeping the sauce and the chicken
bites separate. You can reheat the fried chicken in a toaster oven or air
fryer, then microwave the sauce and toss to coat. Enjoy! ðŸ™‚

## Looking for more dinner inspiration? Try these delicious recipes:

  * Indian Chicken Korma Recipe
  * Chana Chaat
  * Daal: Indian Yellow Lentils

###

## Chicken Manchurian Recipe

Chicken Manchurian Recipe is a delicious popular Indo-Chinese recipes that is
made with crispy coated chicken and a spicy sweet sauce that is to die for.

5 from 51 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Main Meal

Cuisine: Indo-Chinese

Prep Time: 15 minutes

Cook Time: 20 minutes

Total Time: 30 minutes

Servings: 4

Calories: 1043kcal

Author: Wajeeha Nadeem

### Ingredients

#### For the Chicken

  * â–¢ 1 egg
  * â–¢ 1 tablespoon soy sauce
  * â–¢ 4 tablespoons cornstarch
  * â–¢ 2 tablespoons all purpose flour
  * â–¢ Salt
  * â–¢ Pepper
  * â–¢ 2 large chicken breasts - chopped into 1 inch cubes skinless & boneless
  * â–¢ 1/2 - 1 cup oil

#### For the Manchurian Sauce

  * â–¢ 2 tablespoons oil
  * â–¢ 1 tablespoon crushed garlic
  * â–¢ 1 tablespoon crushed ginger
  * â–¢ 1/4 cup finely chopped green onion
  * â–¢ 1/4 cup ketchup
  * â–¢ 1 tablespoon soy sauce
  * â–¢ 2 tablespoons red chilli sauce
  * â–¢ 1/2 teaspoon sugar
  * â–¢ 1 teaspoon cornstarch
  * â–¢ 2 tablespoons water

### Instructions

#### For the Chicken:

  * Heat oil in a frying pan.

  * Combine all the batter ingredients and mix well. Add the chicken boneless pieces and coat well.

  * Fry the chicken boneless pieces until golden brown and cooked through. Transfer to kitchen paper to drain excess oil. Set aside.

#### For the Manchurian Sauce:

  * Heat oil in a wok, and add the garlic and ginger and fry for about 30 seconds.

  * Then add the green onions and fry for another 30 seconds.

  * Add all sauce ingredients except the cornstarch and water.

  * Cook for a minute or two until the sauce starts to thicken and bubble.

  * Dissolve the cornstarch in the water and add it to the sauce and keep stirring until it becomes thick.

  * Toss in the fried chicken and mix so that the sauce coats the chicken well.

  * Serve with garlic butter (pictured) or egg fried rice.

### Notes

  * Partially freezing the chicken will make it easier to cut into cubes.
  * Due to the nature of the coating, this dish is best served immediately. Leftovers can be kept for up to 3 days, however, the coating will not retain its crispiness.

### Nutrition

Calories: 1043kcal | Carbohydrates: 21g | Protein: 27g | Fat: 95g | Saturated
Fat: 8g | Cholesterol: 113mg | Sodium: 873mg | Potassium: 517mg | Fiber: 1g |
Sugar: 8g | Vitamin A: 233IU | Vitamin C: 4mg | Calcium: 20mg | Iron: 1mg

Tried this Recipe? Tag me Today!Mention @ikneadtoeat or tag #ikneadtoeat!

Â« Instant Pot Red Lentil Soup - Only 5 Ingredients!

Pizza Fries Â»

Sharing is caring!

1.2K shares

  * Share
  * Pin1.2K
  * Twitter

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Ridwana

March 28, 2022 at 6:44 pm

  
Thanks so much for this easy and satisfying delicious recipe.  
It has become a staple every week nearly!

It was even made for my 18 year old,s birthday meal .

Keep going !

Ridwana

Reply

    * Wajeeha Nadeem

March 29, 2022 at 2:21 am

Thanks Ridwana! It's a favorite in my family too. ðŸ™‚

Reply

  2. Ana F.

August 20, 2021 at 4:29 pm

  
This recipe for Chicken Manchurian came out delicious with the brown sauce!
The family loved it and it'll be on rotation for sure. Thanks for the recipe!

Reply

  3. Jess

August 20, 2021 at 4:26 pm

  
That sweet and sticky sauce is EVERYTHING!

Reply

Â« Older Comments

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Current ye@r *

Leave this field empty

## Primary Sidebar

### Hi! I'm Wajeeha!

Welcome to I Knead to Eat where I share SUPER easy and delicious recipes from
my kitchen to yours!  
Read Moreâ€¦

### Search

Search

### Trending Now

## Poori Recipe | Puri | Halwa Puri

## AUTHENTIC Homemade Pakistani Beef Biryani Recipe (Step-by-Step Photos)

## Karak Chai

## Chana Chaat Recipe

### As Featured In

### 30 Minute Meals

## Lebanese Rice with Vermicelli

## Shish Tawook Recipe (Lebanese Chicken Skewers)

## Egg Halwa (Anday ka Halwa)

## Quick and Easy Seviyan Kheer Recipe (With Photos)

### Categories

Categories Select Category 30 Minute Meals All Recipes Appetizers Blogging
Resources Breakfast Burgers Cakes Chicken Recipes Chinese Chocolate Recipes
Confectionery Desserts Drinks Halloween Recipes Hot Chocolate Indo-Chinese
Instant Pot Japanese Main Meals Middle Eastern Recipes Milkshake Muffins
Pakistani / Indian Recipes Pakistani and Indian Cooking Basics Pizza Popular
Recipes Raita & Chutney Rice Salads Side Dish Snacks Soup Trending Now
Uncategorized

### Signup for Email Updates

## Footer

**^ back to top**

### About

**About Me**

**Privacy Policy**

###

### Contact

**Contact**

Copyright (C) 2022 * Foodie Pro & The Genesis Framework

1.2K shares

  *   *   * 1.2K

