https://www.bawarchi.com/recipe/mandarin-fish-qmbng4jhbgjge.html


Toggle navigation Toggle navigation

  *   *   *     *     *     *     * 

  * home
  * recipes
  * articles
  * chefs
  * galleries
  * veg recipes
  * non-veg recipes
  * glossary
  * videos
  *   * sify.com

Recipe Chef Cuisines Category Course

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Mandarin Fish 

### Mandarin Fish

Recipe by

###  Rehana Khambaty

Total Time:  
40 minutes

Serves: 2

Nutrition facts:

240 calories,  9 grams fat

Category: Non-Vegetarian Recipe

Course: Curries Recipe

Cuisine: Chinese Recipe

Technique: Boil Recipe

Difficulty: Easy

#### Mandarin Fish, as the name suggests, is a fish recipe from China. The
popular recipe is cooked in Chinese style with local ingredients to give you
the best of Asian flavors.  
Since fish is high in protein content, this recipe is largely popular across
China and other South East Asian countries. This non-vegetarian recipe is
loved by fish lovers. You can also learn how to make it at home using our
recipe guide.  
Mostly the fish used is pomfret or salmon.The fish is coated with corn flour
and is deep fried in a pan. Now the vegetables such as French beans, cabbage,
green peas, spring onions and tomatoes are also sautéed.  
The chicken stock is added along with some seasoning, salt and pepper.Corn
flour is also added to thicken the gravy. Some soya sauce is also added to
make the gravy thick. Pour the vegetable mixture over fish and it is ready to
serve.

#### Take a look at more **Curries Recipes**. You may also want to try Lazeez
Jhingey, Valache Birde(Sprouted Beans in Coconut Gravy) , Red Pepper and
Coconut Curry , Chettinad Meen Kozhambu(Fish Curry)

Rate This Recipe

  *     *     *     *   *   * 

### Ingredients

  * 1 pomfret or salmon (small)
  * 50 gms- carrots
  * 50 gms- French beans
  * 30 ml- chicken stock
  * 2 tsp- soya sauce
  * 100 gms- cornflour
  * 20 ml- oil
  * Oil for deep frying
  * 100 gms-green peas
  * 2 bunches spring onions
  * 50 gms- cabbage
  * 50 gms- tomatoes
  * Salt and pepper to taste
  * 3 pinches ajinomotto
  * 100 gms- onions

# How to Make Mandarin Fish

  * Clean fish and coat with seasoned cornflour
  * Deep fry and set aside
  * Cut all vegetables into thin long strips
  * Heat 20 ml oil in a pan and sauté all the vegetables
  * Add chicken stock
  * Add seasoning, salt, pepper, soya sauce and ajinomotto
  * When ingredients are cooked, thicken with a little cornflour blended in cold water
  * When ready, remove from fire
  * Pour over fried fish and serve hot

## Bawarchi of the Week

#### Sushmita!

An IT professional, Sushmita loves spending time developing new recipes. Her
hometown in Jharkhand is has always been an inspiration, and influences her
cooking.

read more

  
  

Menu

  * home
  * recipes
  * articles
  * chefs
  * gallery
  * veg recipes
  * non-veg recipes
  * glossary
  * videos
  * sify.com

### EXPLORE CATEGORIES

#### Biryani Recipes

#### Diet Recipes

#### Chicken Recipes

#### Paneer Recipes

#### Vegan Recipes

#### Sandwich Recipes

#### Low Calorie Recipes

#### Eggless Cakes

#### Butter Chicken Recipes

#### Pav Bhaji Recipes

#### Kid-Friendly Recipes

#### High Protein Recipes

#### Breakfast Recipes

#### Pizza Recipes

#### Pasta Recipes

#### Egg Recipes

### About Sify Bawarchi

Presenting to you the most popular Indian food website that has a huge
collection of Vegetarian and Non-vegetarian recipes from India and around the
world. We provide you with easy and delicious recipes with simple, step-by-
step instructions for a hassle-free cooking experience. Happy Cooking with
Bawarchi!

Recipe Counter

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Articles
  * Chefs
  * Galleries

  * Veg Recipes 
  * Non-Veg Recipes 
  * Glossary
  * Videos
  * Sify.com

### Create your own Cookbook

#### Download Sify Bawarchi App

Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | careers@sify.com  | About Us | Feedback |
Advertise | Sitemap

Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 2021. All Right Reserved.

