https://www.eastwestbank.com/ReachFurther/News/Article/Recipes-of-China-Squirrel-shaped-Mandarin-Fish-from-Jiangsu


Skip to main content

English

  * English
  * 

  * __Facebook
  * __Twitter
  * __Linkedin
  * 

__ Search

__

Toggle navigation

  * Reach Further Home
  * US-China Business
  * Entrepreneur Insight
  * Bull Session
  * Dominic's Take
  * Lifestyle
  * Podcast

  * Share This Page:
  * __Facebook
  * __Twitter
  * __Linkedin

  * US-China Business
  * Entrepreneur Insight
  * Bull Session
  * Dominic's Take
  * Lifestyle
  * Podcast
  * Subscribe
  * English

    * English
    *   * __Search

__

East West Lifestyle

East West Lifestyle

* * *

# Recipes of China: Jiangsu’s Squirrel-shaped Mandarin Fish

### By Clarissa Wei

Jun. 23, 2016

#### Food Blogger Clarissa Wei makes a classic sweet and sour fish recipe from
a lake district.

I first visited Jiangsu in 2011 as a wide-eyed college student and a newly
minted freelance writer. My first adventure into that region was a trip to
Suzhou – a quaint little water town not far from Shanghai known for its canals
and gardens. On assignment to write about the food there, I spent the day
wandering into the grand restaurants by myself, ordering whatever my research
had told me was unique.

One of those dishes was a deep-fried sweet and sour fish known as squirrel-
shaped mandarin fish. It’s a grand plate – a fish is sliced in two and
arranged so that the fried fish meat looks like porcupine quills. It’s
blanketed in an orange hue – a sweet and sour sauce that derives its distinct
color from a combination of vinegar and ketchup.

In many ways, it’s representative of the grandiosity and affluence of Jiangsu
province. Anchored by the Yangtze River and the East China Sea, it was once
known for having some of the best freshwater fish and seafood in China. Today,
Jiangsu is still prosperous, but in a whole different way; it’s the
electronics hub of China. Fish are still just as abundant, but with the
pressures of development, admittedly, they are not as fresh as before.

Squirrel-shaped mandarin fish is found most often in the banquet halls of the
area, served with a dollop of peas, carrots and bamboo shoots. It’s cloyingly
sweet – a signature flavor profile of Jiangsu.

In 2011, I had spent my time in Suzhou alone and this time around, I do the
same. I book an Airbnb on the outskirts of town and make a point of retracing
my steps, as best as I could remember them. I route myself through Pijiang
Road, a narrow street near the canals now chock full of stationery stores and
coffee shops. I wander through the city’s famous gardens, which have inspired
generations of poets and writers. I take a walk on Guanqian Street. My memory
painted the former as a quaint alleyway with traditional Chinese architecture.

Near Guanqian Street, I had found the famous Song He Lou restaurant, a noted
establishment with more than 200 years of history. Five years ago, I had
walked in and timidly asked for a table for one. Once seated at my table in
the corner, I had ordered a plate of squirrel-shaped mandarin fish. The
waitresses thought I was terribly weird but I, weary from a day of walking
around, didn’t care. It was lush and grand and a bit terrifying, really – the
way the fish had curled up after being deep-fried.

Today, Guanqian Street feels like a tourist trap. It always was, but my
20-year-old self was much more easily amused. I walk past Song He Lou; I’m
tempted to go in again and reorder the fish, but I stop myself.

I remember: I never was able to finish that dish.

I culled this recipe from a cooking class in Shanghai
(chinesecookingworkshop.com), where Chef Mike demonstrated how to slice the
fish. Fish is an indispensable feature of a Jiangsu dinner spread, so it’s of
utmost importance to do the cuts correctly.

There’s a saying that is frequently uttered during meals, especially during
Chinese holidays. It’s “Nian nian you yu” – “May there be plenty of fish year
after year.” The word “yu,” which means “fish,” is also a homophone for the
word “plenty.” Therefore: “May there be plenty of surplus year after year.”
Fish is a symbol of luck and fortune. And a fish, like this squirrel mandarin
variety, carved with such complicated shapes, is perfect symbol of
auspiciousness.

**Squirrel-shaped mandarin fish**

Time: 1 hour

Servings: 2

_Ingredients:_

  * 1 river bass, about 1 pound
  * Pinch of salt
  * 15 tsp sugar
  * Dash of white pepper 
  * Two egg yolks 
  * 2 tbsp cornstarch
  * 5 cups of cooking oil (or enough to submerge fish)
  * 3 tbsp ketchup 
  * 4 tbsp water
  * 5 tsp salt
  * 1 tsp white pepper
  * 1 tbsp bamboo shoots, cut finely
  * ¼ cup deveined and peeled shrimp 
  * 2 tbsp green peas 
  * 2 tbsp of cornstarch mixed with a bit of water
  * 1 tsp white vinegar 

_Directions:_

  1. Clean the mandarin fish and cut off the head. Do not discard the head. Slice on both sides. Remove the bone. Do not cut off the tail. Reverse the fish so that the flesh is facing outside and make cuts with 1 cm spaces in between to create a diamond-shaped pattern. Do not cut through the skin. This will create a quill-like pattern. 
  2. Season the fish with salt, 5 teaspoons sugar, white pepper and egg yolk. Set aside for about 20 minutes. Bat with cornstarch. 
  3. Heat the wok, add oil until there is enough to submerge the fish, and deep-fry the fish when the oil is at a high enough temperature. Take the fish out when it’s half cooked. Wait until the temperature goes higher and then put the fish back into the wok. Check the fish; it should be golden and crispy. Set aside. 
  4. For the sauce: Leave some of the oil in the wok. Add ketchup, water, salt, 10 teaspoons sugar and white pepper. Then add the bamboo shoots, shrimp, green peas and egg yolk. Add two tablespoons of the water and cornstarch mixture and the white vinegar. Mix briefly. 
  5. Pour the sauce on the fish. 
  6. Deep-fry the head separately; arrange it with the rest of the fish for presentation. 

_**Hungry for more? Follow Clarissa’s journey through China as she uncovers
authentic dishes and cultural insight.**_

  * Share
  *   *   *   * __

your browser does not support JavaScript

__

Taste of Success: Ming Tsai’s Relationship with Culture and Food

__

Education Technology to Equip Future Digital Leaders

We’ll restart strong. We’ll restart together.

 __

## Latest _Video_

## More from _Reach Further_

###  Entrepreneur Insight

** Streamlining Digital Commerce with QR Codes **

###  US-China Business

** China's Global EV Revolution **

###  Entrepreneur Insight

** How Investors Can Prepare for Inflation **

###  East West Lifestyle

** LACMA’s “Legacies of Exchange”: An Eastern Perspective of the West **

###  Entrepreneur Insight

** How WeChat Pay and Alipay Can Strategically Grow Your Business **

## Related _Content_

###  East West Lifestyle

####  Hauser & Wirth: Showcasing Global Beauty Is Serious Business

How “a family business with a global outlook” partnered with East West to
deliver for the world’s art customers.

  
Jul. 13, 2022

###  East West Lifestyle

####  Putting LA’s Historic Filipinotown in the Spotlight

The Historic Filipinotown Eastern Gateway, designed by Eliseo Art Silva, puts
the spotlight on the Filipino American community in LA.

By Angela Bao  
Jun. 30, 2022

###  East West Lifestyle

####  Hang & Eat: 5 Places to Eat for AAPI Heritage Month

Food is the cornerstone for many Asian cultures, so what better way to
celebrate the end of AAPI Heritage Month?

By Kristie Hang  
May 31, 2022

###  East West Lifestyle

####  Guo Pei: Crafting Fantasies through Haute Couture

“Guo Pei: Couture Fantasy” is on exhibit at the Fine Arts Museums of San
Francisco until September 5.

By Angela Bao  
May 18, 2022

Swipe left or right for next/previous article.

______

Got it!

×

×

## About  
_Reach.Further_

  
Reach Further by East West Bank is our digital business news magazine
connecting you to emerging opportunities, helping you to gain the edge to
succeed in the United States and internationally.  
  
Discover stories from the frontlines of entrepreneurial life, financial tips
for small and midsize businesses, and in-depth insights on business, trade,
finance, tech, lifestyle and more.

2018 Best Digital Publication

Finalist in the prestigious

Content Marketing Awards.

### Stay _Connected!_

We’ll keep you in the know about the latest US-China business news and trends.  
  
Read East West Bank’s Annual Report

#### Follow _us:_

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

#### __Questions? _Email us:_

reachfurther@eastwestbank.com

#### Get our _newsletter:_

Subscribe Now

### Meet Our _Staff_

  * **Angela Bao**

  * **Mindy Duong**

### Explore _Topics_

  * Entrepreneur Insight240

  * US-China Business227

  * Tech and Innovation181

  * East West Lifestyle162

  * Entertainment96

  * Business Continuity Toolkit73

  * SBA Loans72

  * US-China Market Watch52

  * Bull Session42

  * Recipes of China38

  * Community35

  * Dominic's Take24

×

×

### You are now leaving the East West Bank website.

You have selected an external link that we have provided to you as a resource.
Although we provide these links for your benefit to learn more about specific
information, we recommend that you review the privacy and security policy of
other websites, as their policies may differ from our policies. We are not
responsible for, nor do we endorse, guarantee, or monitor the content on other
websites.

You can click "Continue" and be taken to the external website page you
requested.

Cancel Continue

  * Privacy & Security
  * Terms & Conditions
  * Anti-Money Laundering

Investments and Insurance products:

Are Not FDIC Insured | Are Not Bank Guaranteed | May Lose Value  
---|---|---  
Are Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency | Are Not Deposits  
  
East West Bank, compass logo, and East West Bank with compass logo are
separately registered trademarks of East West Bank in the United States and
other countries.

©2006 - 2022, East West Bank. All Rights Reserved. NMLSR ID 469761

