https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chinese_fried_rice


# Chinese fried rice

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

Jump to navigation Jump to search

Chinese fried rice  
---  
Type| Fried rice  
Place of origin| China  
Region or state| Greater China  
Main ingredients| Cooked rice  
Variations| Hokkien fried rice, Yangzhou fried rice, yin yang fried rice  
  
  * Media: Chinese fried rice

  
  
**Chinese fried rice** (simplified Chinese: 炒饭; traditional Chinese: 炒飯;
pinyin: _chǎofàn_ ; Jyutping: _caau 2 faan6_; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: _chhá-pn̄g_ ) is a
family of fried rice dishes popular in Greater China and around the world. It
is sometimes served as the penultimate dish in Chinese banquets,[1][2] just
before dessert.

## Contents

  * 1 History
  * 2 Ingredients and preparation
  * 3 Variants
  * 4 Outside China
  * 5 In the medical world
  * 6 Gallery
  * 7 See also
  * 8 References

## History[edit]

The earliest record of fried rice is found in the Sui dynasty (589–618 CE).[3]
Though the stir-frying technique used for fried rice was recorded in a much
earlier period, it was only in the late Ming dynasty (1368–1644 CE) that the
technique became widely popular.[4]

Fried rice is believed to have started as a way to accommodate leftovers.
Traditionally, Southern Chinese prefer their rice polished and plain, as a
base staple to eat with meat and vegetables.[5] The vegetables, meat and rice
leftovers from the day before—which have passed their prime but are still good
to consume, and too good to be fed to animals—are seasoned with soy sauce,
lard and garlic, and stir-fried, making a hot meal.[6]

The basic elements of Chinese fried rice include rice, meat and vegetables,
soy sauce and garlic. A number of fried rice recipes have been developed in
China, such as Yangzhou and Sichuan fried rice. Leftover cooked rice among the
Cantonese is commonly made into fried rice, prepared with chopped vegetables
and meat.[5] It is believed[ _by whom?_ ] that the basic stir-fried technique
to cook fried rice, which required Chinese wok, spread from Southern China to
other rice farming cultures in East and Southeast Asia.

## Ingredients and preparation[edit]

Cooking Chinese fried rice video for a Western audience

The basic elements of Chinese fried rice are cooked rice, meat, and vegetables
mixed with egg, soy sauce and garlic for flavour and seasoning, also cooking
oil for greasing; either using lard, vegetable oil or sesame oil. The oil and
soy sauce grease and coat the rice grains, thus preventing them from burning
and sticking to the cooking vessel. Sometimes chopped scallion, ginger, chili
pepper and mushroom, also diced processed pork are added into the mixture. All
ingredients are stir-fried on a strong fire using a Chinese wok cooking
vessel, and the rice is turned, stirred and agitated using a spatula to evenly
cook the rice and distribute the seasoning.[7] Leftover rice is commonly used,
and the dish can incorporate other leftover ingredients as well.[8][9]

## Variants[edit]

Spicy fried rice is also found in Indian cuisine.

The main ingredients of basic Chinese fried rice are cooked rice, stir-fried
with chopped vegetables and meat, seasoned with soy sauce and garlic. Started
as a humble and simple way to cook leftovers, initially there is no single
exact recipe of fried rice in Chinese cuisine tradition, since any different
leftovers and additional ingredients could lead to another different recipe of
fried rice.[6] Each household might have its own way in cooking fried rice,
which might led to myriad variants. Varieties differs in its contents,
seasonings, spices, also vegetables and meat being used. This versatility and
its economic value to save food has led to the popularity of stir-fried rice
in China.

Today, many recipes of Chinese fried rice exist. This includes regional
varieties such as Yangzhou fried rice (扬州炒饭; _Yángzhōu chǎofàn_ ) from
Yangzhou,[10] Hokkien fried rice (Chinese: 福建炒飯; _Fuk 1gin3 caau2faan6_) from
Fujian, and spicy Sichuan fried rice from Sichuan. Sichuan fried rice is
notable for its tangy, hot and spicy flavour owed to _doubanjiang_ chili sauce
mixed with garlic, green and red onion.[11]

Chinese fried rice dishes also spread to other parts of the world. The stir-
fried technique that requires the use of Chinese wok, also the use of soy
sauce as a seasoning in fried rice, clearly demonstrate Chinese cuisine
influence. These cooking elements has spread to neighboring East Asian
countries, the Southeast Asian region, and subsequently, the rest of the
world. For example, Japanese _chāhan_ (チャーハン; 炒飯) originated from the fried
rice made by Chinese immigrants in the 19th century.[12] Despite having
distinctly stronger flavour, Indonesian _nasi goreng_ is also believed
initially was influenced by Chinese fried rice.[13]

Latin American countries also have their versions of Chinese fried rice since
long ago,[14] such as _arroz chaufa_ (Peruvian-Chinese fried rice) and _arroz
frito_ (Cuban-Chinese fried rice).[15] Indian _pulao_ is also influenced by
Chinese fried rice.[16]

## Outside China[edit]

_Chop suey_ served on top of fried rice, served in a Chinese restaurant in the
United States.

Chinese fried rice is often a common staple in American Chinese cuisine,
especially in the form sold as fast food. The most common form of American
Chinese fried rice consists of some mixture of eggs, scallions, and
vegetables, with chopped meat added at the customer's discretion, and usually
flavored with soy sauce instead of table salt (more typical for Chinese-style
fried rice). Sometimes chop suey-fried rice combo is offered in Chinese
restaurant in the United States.

One of the most popular variations of fried rice in America is in Peru where
it is prepared under the name "Arroz Chaufa" and is one of the best-known
dishes in Chifa restaurants.

The dish is also a staple of Chinese restaurants in the United Kingdom (both
"sit-in" and "takeaway"), and is very popular in the West African nations of
Nigeria, Ghana and Togo, both as restaurant and as street food.

In Korea, the Korean Chinese-style fried rice is a separate genre of fried
rice that differs from Korean-style fried rice dishes.

McDonald's serves McChao, a Chinese fried rice dish named after _chǎofàn_ ,
which means "fried rice" in Chinese.[17]

## In the medical world[edit]

_Bacillus cereus_ poisoning is called "Chinese fried rice syndrome" due to its
historical tie with the fried rice dishes.[18]

## Gallery[edit]

  * Yin yang fried rice (鴛鴦炒飯) in Canada 

  * Yangzhou fried rice (扬州炒饭) in the United States 

  * Hokkien fried rice (福建炒飯) is a dish from Hong Kong 

## See also[edit]

  * China portal
  * Food portal

  * List of fried rice dishes

## References[edit]

  1. **^** Landing Page[ _permanent dead link_ ]
  2. **^** The Cultural Heritage of China :: Food & Drink :: Cuisine :: Introduction
  3. **^** "Chinese Fried Rice". _iFood.tv_.
  4. **^** Grace Young (2010). _Stir-Frying to the Sky's Edge: The Ultimate Guide to Mastery, with Authentic Recipes and Stories_. Simon and Schuster. p. 49\. ISBN 9781416580577.
  5. ^ _**a**_ _**b**_ Frederick J. Simoons (1990). _Food in China: A Cultural and Historical Inquiry_. CRC Press. ISBN 9780849388040.
  6. ^ _**a**_ _**b**_ "Great Leftovers, The Humble Origin of Fried Rice". _Cultural China_. Archived from the original on 2016-08-27. Retrieved 2017-03-21.
  7. **^** "Chinese Fried Rice". _Food.com_.
  8. **^** "18 Fried Rice Recipes to Stir Up Your Leftovers Routine"date=May 11, 2020". _marthastewart.com_.
  9. **^** "Veg Friwd Rice Recipe - How to make Fried Rice". _indianhealthyrecipes.com_. January 24, 2021.
  10. **^** Stone, Martha (2014). _Traditions of Chinese Cooking: Learning the Basic Techniques and Recipes of the Traditional Chinese Cuisine_. PJ Group Publishing. "Yang Chow is one of the most popular variations of Chinese fried rice recipes.",
  11. **^** "Szechuan Fried Rice". _China Sichuan Food_. 16 November 2014.
  12. **^** Ono, Tadashi; Salat, Harris (2013). _Japanese Soul Cooking: Ramen, Tonkatsu, Tempura, and More from the Streets and Kitchens of Tokyo and Beyond_. Berkeley, CA: Ten Speed Press. pp. 397–398. ISBN 978-1-60774-353-8.
  13. **^** Mutia Silviani Aflakhah (9 February 2017). "Akulturasi Budaya di Balik Makanan Nusantara". _Good News from Indonesia_ (in Indonesian).
  14. **^** Janer, Zilkia (2008). Albala, Ken (ed.). _Latino Food Culture_. Westport, CT: Greenwood Press. p. 30\. ISBN 9780313340277.
  15. **^** Gold, Jonathan (8 June 2016). "Jonathan Gold returns to Pico Boulevard and finds a great hangover cure". _Los Angeles Times_. Retrieved 4 March 2017.
  16. **^** Nandy, Ashis (2004). "The Changing Popular Culture of Indian Food: Preliminary Notes". _South Asia Research_. **24** (1): 9–19. doi:10.1177/0262728004042760. ISSN 0262-7280. S2CID 143223986. "Indian _pulao_ is not the same as Persian _pilaf_ and, though in recent years it has been influenced by Chinese fried rice, it is not fried rice either."
  17. **^** Delaney, Carol; Kaspin, Deborah (2017). _Investigating Culture: An Experiential Introduction to Anthropology_ (third ed.). Hoboken, NJ: John Wiley & Sons. p. 268\. ISBN 9781405154246.
  18. **^** Cahill, John D.; Durgin, Scott (2003). "Food Poisoning". In Cahill, John D. (ed.). _Updates in Emergency Medicine_. New York: Springer Science+Business Media. p. 94\. doi:10.1007/978-1-4615-0155-8. ISBN 9780306474705. S2CID 28180027. "Bacillus cereus poisoning has historically been associated with fried rice, being referred to as the "Chinese fried rice syndrome"."

  * v
  * t
  * e

Rice dishes  
  
---  
  
  * **List of rice dishes**
  * **List of fried rice dishes**

  
  
North America|

  * Arroz poblano
  * Arroz a la cubana
  * Arroz a la tumbada
  * Arroz con gandules
  * Arroz con pollo
  * Charleston red rice
  * Diri ak djon djon
  * Dirty rice
  * Gallo pinto
  * Glorified rice
  * Gumbo
  * Hawaiian haystack
  * Hoppin' John
  * Jambalaya
  * Loco moco
  * Locrio
  * Mexican rice
  * Moros y Cristianos
  * Red beans and rice
  * Rice Krispies Treats
  * Rice and gravy
  * Rice cereal
  * Shrimp creole

  
  
South America|

  * Arroz à grega
  * Arroz a la valenciana
  * Arroz chaufa
  * Arroz tapado
  * Bandeja paisa
  * Pabellón criollo
  * Rice and beans

  
  
Europe|

  * Arancini
  * Arròs negre
  * Arròs a banda
  * Kedgeree
  * Nasischijf
  * Paella
  * Rijsttafel
  * Risalamande
  * Risotto
  * Supplì

  
  
Africa|

  * Banga rice
  * Jollof rice
  * Thieboudienne

  
  
West Asia|

  * Kabsa
  * Kateh
  * Kushari
  * Lâpa
  * Mandi
  * Mansaf
  * Maqluba
  * Mujaddara
  * Orez Shu'it
  * Pilaf
  * Sabzi polo
  * Saleeg
  * Sütlaç
  * Tahdig
  * Tahri
  * Zerde

  
  
Central Asia|

  * Plov
  * Osh

  
  
South Asia|

  * Baji
  * Biryani
  * Bisi Bele Bath
  * Bora saul
  * Chaaler Payesh
  * Chitranna
  * Chirha
  * Chungapura Pitha
  * Coconut rice
  * Curd rice
  * Congee
  * Dosa
  * Daal Bhaat
  * Diyabath
  * Idiyappam
  * Idli
  * Jaa
  * Jeera rice
  * Jhalmuri
  * Kabuli palaw
  * Khichdi
  * Kori rotti
  * Payesh/Payasam
  * Murhi
  * Kiribath
  * Lamprais
  * Kaha bath
  * Nasi goreng
  * Neer dosa
  * Paniyaram
  * Pakistani rice dishes
  * Panta bhat
  * Pulao
  * Pittu
  * Poha
  * Pongal
  * Pulihora
  * Puliyogare
  * Rice and curry
  * Sevai
  * Soft Khichuri
  * Zafran Bhaat

  
  
East Asia|

| China|

  * Boluo fan
  * Claypot chicken rice
  * Erkuai
  * Fried rice
  * Gaifan
  * Guoba
  * Migan
  * Mixian
  * Minced pork rice
  * Rice noodle roll
  * Siu mei rice
  * Sticky rice
  * Yangzhou fried rice
  * Zongzi

  
  
---|---  
Japan|

  * Agemochi
  * Botamochi
  * Chahan
  * Chazuke
  * Chūkadon
  * Donburi
  * Gyūdon
  * Hayashi rice
  * Ikameshi
  * Kamameshi
  * Karukan
  * Katemeshi
  * Katsudon
  * Keihan rice
  * Kiritanpo
  * Mochi
  * Moffle
  * Okayu
  * Omurice
  * Onigiri
  * Oyakodon
  * Rice burger
  * Senbei
  * Sushi
  * Taco rice
  * Takikomi gohan
  * Tamago kake gohan
  * Tekkadon
  * Uirō
  * Unadon
  * Yakimochi
  * Zosui

  
  
Korea|

  * Bap
  * Bibimbap
  * Bokkeum-bap
  * Garae-tteok
  * Gimbap
  * Gyeongdan
  * Heotjesatbap
  * Hobak-juk
  * Hoe-deopbap
  * Injeolmi
  * Jatjuk
  * Jeonbok-juk
  * Kimchi bokkeumbap
  * Kongbap
  * Nurungji
  * Ogok-bap
  * Sundae
  * Tarak-juk
  * Tteok
  * Yaksik

  
  
Taiwan|

  * Bamboo rice pudding [zh]
  * Bí-hún
  * Bí-pang
  * Bí-tâi-ba̍k
  * Donfan
  * Fried rice
  * Glutinous rice
  * Îⁿ-á
  * Khòng-bah-pn̄g [zh]
  * Koé
  * Ló͘-bah-pn̄g
  * Milkfish maw porridge [zh]
  * Mixian
  * Môa-chî
  * Pn̄g-thng [zh]
  * Tainan Yufan [zh][ _clarification needed_ ]
  * Taiwanese sweet sticky rice
  * Tea'ban [zh][ _citation needed_ ]
  * Ti-hoe̍h-koé
  * Turkey rice bowls [zh]
  * Óaⁿ-kóe [zh]
  * Chàng

  
  
Southeast Asia|

| Indonesia|

  * Arem-arem
  * Bakcang
  * Bubur ayam
  * Bugis
  * Burasa
  * Burgo
  * Dodol
  * Duck rice
  * Ketupat
  * Klepon
  * Ku
  * Laklak
  * Lemang
  * Lemper
  * Lepet
  * Lontong
  * Lontong balap
  * Lontong cap go meh
  * Lontong dekem
  * Lontong sayur
  * Lupis
  * Madumongso
  * Moci
  * Nasi ambeng
  * Nasi bakar
  * Nasi beriani
  * Nasi bogana
  * Nasi campur
  * Nasi goreng
    * Nasi goreng jawa
    * Nasi goreng pattaya
  * Nasi gurih
  * Nasi jamblang
  * Nasi jinggo
  * Nasi kapau
  * Nasi kari
  * Nasi kebuli
  * Nasi kucing
  * Nasi kuning
  * Nasi lemak
  * Nasi lengko
  * Nasi liwet
  * Nasi mandi
  * Nasi megono
  * Nasi minyak
  * Nasi padang
  * Nasi pecel
  * Nasi tempong
  * Nasi tim
  * Nasi timbel
  * Nasi tutug oncom
  * Nasi uduk
  * Nasi ulam
  * Nagasari
  * Onde-onde
  * Pinyaram
  * Pulot tartal
  * Putu
  * Putu mangkok
  * Putu mayang
  * Rijsttafel
  * Serabi
  * Tapai
  * Tinutuan
  * Tumpeng
  * Wajik

  
  
---|---  
Philippines|

  * Aligue fried rice
  * Ampaw
  * Arroz a la cubana
  * Arroz a la valenciana
  * Arroz caldo
  * Bagoong fried rice
  * Balao-balao
  * Baye baye
  * Bibingka
  * Biko
  * Binakle
  * Binalot
  * Binignit
  * Bringhe
  * Buro (Tapay)
  * Burong isda
  * Champorado
  * Dodol
  * Espasol
  * Ginataang mais
  * Ginataang munggo
  * Goto
  * Junay
  * Kalamay
  * Kiampong
  * Kiping
  * Kuning
  * Kutsinta
  * Lugaw
  * Mache
  * Masi
  * Moche
  * Moron
  * Nasing biringyi
  * Okoy
  * Paelya
  * Palitaw
  * Pancit bihon
  * Pancit choca
  * Pancit Malabon
  * Pancit palabok
  * Panyalam
  * Pastil
  * Pichi-pichi
  * Pilipit
  * Pinipig
  * Pusô
  * Putli mandi
  * Puto
  * Puto bumbong
  * Puto seco
  * Salukara
  * Sapin-sapin
  * Sayongsong
  * Shakoy
  * Silog
  * Sinangág (Garlic fried rice)
  * Sinigapuna
  * Suman
  * Tinapayan
  * Tupig

  
  
Singapore/  
Malaysia|

  * Chwee kueh
  * Hainanese chicken rice
  * Kelupis
  * Lamban
  * Nasi dagang
  * Nasi goreng pattaya
  * Nasi kandar
  * Nasi kerabu
  * Nasi lemak
  * Nasi paprik
  * Nasi tumpang

  
  
Myanmar  
(Burma)|

  * Burmese fried rice
  * Buttered rice
  * Coconut rice
  * Htamanè
  * Hsi htamin
  * No htamin
  * Thingyan rice

  
  
Thailand|

  * American fried rice
  * Khao chae
  * Khao kha mu
  * Khao mu daeng
  * Khao lam
  * Thai fried rice

  
  
Vietnam|

  * Bun cha
  * Bún riêu
  * Bún bò Huế
  * Bún thịt nướng
  * Cơm tấm
  * Cơm nắm
  * Cơm rượu
  * Gỏi cuốn
  * Pho
  * Rice noodles
  * Xôi

  
  
Other|

  * Brown rice
  * Coconut rice
  * Congee
  * Instant rice
  * Parboiled rice
  * Puffed rice cakes
  * Puffed rice
  * Rice pudding
  * Rice vermicelli
  * White rice

  
  
  * Category
  * WikiProject Food and drink

  
  
Retrieved from
"https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Chinese_fried_rice&oldid=1068675081"

Categories:

  * Chinese rice dishes
  * Fried rice
  * National dishes

Hidden categories:

  * Articles containing Chinese-language text
  * All articles with dead external links
  * Articles with dead external links from July 2021
  * Articles with permanently dead external links
  * CS1 Indonesian-language sources (id)
  * Articles containing simplified Chinese-language text
  * Articles containing traditional Chinese-language text
  * Pages using template Zh with sup tags
  * Articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from December 2018
  * Articles containing Japanese-language text
  * Wikipedia articles needing clarification from April 2020
  * All articles with unsourced statements
  * Articles with unsourced statements from April 2020

## Navigation menu

###  Personal tools

  * Not logged in
  * Talk
  * Contributions
  * Create account
  * Log in

###  Namespaces

  * Article
  * Talk

English

###  Views

  * Read
  * Edit
  * View history

More

###  Search

###  Navigation

  * Main page
  * Contents
  * Current events
  * Random article
  * About Wikipedia
  * Contact us
  * Donate

###  Contribute

  * Help
  * Learn to edit
  * Community portal
  * Recent changes
  * Upload file

###  Tools

  * What links here
  * Related changes
  * Upload file
  * Special pages
  * Permanent link
  * Page information
  * Cite this page
  * Wikidata item

###  Print/export

  * Download as PDF
  * Printable version

###  In other projects

  * Wikimedia Commons

###  Languages

  * 한국어
  * Bahasa Indonesia
  * Italiano
  * עברית
  * Jawa
  * اردو

Edit links

  * This page was last edited on 29 January 2022, at 19:03 (UTC).
  * Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License 3.0; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.

  * Privacy policy
  * About Wikipedia
  * Disclaimers
  * Contact Wikipedia
  * Mobile view
  * Developers
  * Statistics
  * Cookie statement

  *   * 

  *[v]: View this template
  *[t]: Discuss this template
  *[e]: Edit this template

