https://www.indianhealthyrecipes.com/singapore-vegetable-fried-rice-recipe/


Skip to content

Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About

Search

Toggle Menu

Search

# Singapore Fried Rice

Home >> Recipes >> Rice Recipes

Byswasthi

16 Comments

__WhatsApp

 __Share

 __Pin

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

Singapore Fried Rice is a Fusion Chinese rice dish popular in the Chinese
takeaways and fast food places in many Countries. It is flavor-packed,
delicious and is great to make when you are simply bored with your regular
Classic **Fried Rice**. This Singapore fried rice can be made to a vegetarian,
vegan or meat-based meal depending on your choice. In this post I share the
vegetarian version with stepwise pictures. I also include tips and notes to
make the eggetarian (Lacto-ovo-vegetarian), meat based and seafood versions.

* * *

I am sure a lot of you may be excited to know more about this dish.

## Singapore Fried Rice

Singapore Fried Rice is a Chinese fried rice variation made with rice,
vegetables, soya sauce, curry powder, spices like ginger, garlic and chilli.
The vegetarian version is sometimes made with tofu and the non-vegetarian with
shrimp, eggs or chicken. Curry powder is the main ingredient that imparts a
distinct curry like flavor to the Singapore fried rice.

The origin of this Singapore fried rice is not known and as the name says it
is not even something that evolved or is made in Singapore. After living in
Singapore for almost 16 years, I am still unable to trace this anywhere in the
country.

Singapore is said to be a Asian food paradise and the local cuisine hails from
everywhere across the world. The Local Singapore food is a mix & fusion of all
cuisines that emerge into more interesting and delicious dishes. You will most
commonly find Indian, Chinese and Malay foods all over the country.

The country being a popular tourist and business destination may have inspired
some genius to invent this Singapore fried rice which is a fusion of the
Chinese, Malay and Indian cuisines.

While I researched about the dish for years, I understand that this is made
with different kinds of curry powders ranging from Madras curry powder,
British curry powder to Malay Curry powder.

### This Recipe

This recipe will help you make healthy, nutritious and filling meal that is
also fragrant. To add some protein, you may also use paneer/tofu or eggs. If
you are a meat eater, you can also add some chicken or shrimps.

This dish is also served as a street food in India. Since no curry powder is
made or used there, chefs often use garam masala and coriander powder as a
replacement to it. But I can say a good fragrant curry powder is the key here
that can transform your dish from average to flavorful.

I have tried this dish with various kinds of spice powders including the **Pav
bhaji masala** but that tasted something similar to **Tawa pulao**. The Malay
meat curry powder (with star anise, but no meat in it), Indian **Sambar
Powder** and **Misal Masala** worked well for me.

Advertisement

## How to Make Singapore Fried Rice (Stepwise photos)

### Cook Rice

1.Add 1 cup basmati or jasmine rice to a large pot and rinse well a few times.
Drain the water completely. Pour 2 cups of water and add a few drops of oil
(optional). Bring the water to a rolling boil and reduce the heat to low.
Cover and cook on a low heat until al dente (cooked fully but not mushy).
Drain any excess water to a colander and add back the rice to the same pot.

Rice is a little moist at the bottom. Using a spoon, turn the rice from the
bottom to the top. Cover the hot rice and place aside for 5 to 6 mins. Later
fluff with a fork.

### Preparation

2\. While the rice cooks, Prepare the veggies. You will need:

  * ⅓ cup carrots (1 medium carrot, chopped finely)
  * 3 sprigs spring onions (separate the greens and whites)
  * ⅓ cup green beans (or French beans, 8 to 10 chopped finely)
  * ⅓ cup Bell peppers (chopped, any color)
  * 1 tablespoon garlic (5 to 6 medium cloves, fine chopped)
  * ¾ to 1 tablespoon ginger (1 inch, peeled fine chopped)
  * 1 green chilli chopped (optional)

3\. You won't have time to look around for the ingredients. So you need to set
aside everything before you begin to stir fry the dish. To a small plate add:

  * 1 star anise (optional for flavor, skip if using Malay curry powder)
  * ¼ to ½ teaspoon red chilli powder (Kashmiri or paprika)
  * 1 ½ teaspoon curry powder (or sambar powder or ¾ to 1 teaspoon garam masala)
  * ¾ to 1 teaspoon coriander powder
  * ¼ to ½ teaspoon crushed black pepper
  * ¼ teaspoon turmeric
  * 1 to 1 ½ teaspoon salt (adjust to your taste)
  * 1 to 2 dried red chillies

4\. Pour 1 tablespoon soya sauce, ¾ to 1 tablespoon red chilli sauce, 1 to 1½
tablespoon ketchup, ½ teaspoon rice vinegar (or apple cider vinegar) and ½
teaspoon sugar to a small bowl. Set this aside.

5\. Dice your paneer or extra firm pressed tofu and set aside. To use eggs,
chicken or shrimp, refer notes section in the recipe card.

Advertisement

### Fry Paneer or Tofu

6\. To a wok, add 1 tablespoon oil and heat it. When the oil is hot enough,
add the paneer/ tofu.

7\. Let fry until golden and crisp on a medium high heat, then turn them to
the other side and fry again until crisp. Remove to a plate.

8\. Pour another tablespoon oil to the hot wok. Add the star anise, dried red
chilies, spring onion whites and green chilies.

Advertisement

9\. Let them fry until you begin to smell the ginger garlic.

10\. Add all the chopped veggies and half of the salt. Begin to stir fry on a
high heat until tender.

11\. Reduce the flame to lowest and stir in turmeric, red chilli powder,
coriander powder, curry powder and the rest of the salt.

12\. Stir fry for a minute.

13\. Pour all the sauce and 3 tablespoons water. Increase the flame and cook.

Advertisement

14\. After 2 mins your sauces will cook and become fragrant.

15\. Add the cooled rice.

16\. Mix and stir fry for 1 to 2 mins until the Singapore fried rice is hot.
Taste test and adjust salt and more soya sauce if required. Turn off.

Advertisement

17\. Add the fried paneer/ tofu and spring onion greens.

Give a stir and serve Singapore Fried rice hot or warm.

**Related Recipes**

### Veg Fried Rice, H...

### Chicken fried ric...

### Schezwan Fried Ri...

### Egg fried rice

### Mushroom Fried Ri...

### Chicken Tikka Mas...

## Recipe Card

Advertisement

## Singapore Fried Rice Recipe

Singapore Fried Rice is a Fusion Chinese rice dish that is a variation of the
regular fried rice. This is flavored with curry powder and more spices for a
flavor-packed dish.

Pin Recipe Print Recipe

1x2x3x

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

For best results follow the step-by-step photos above the recipe card

Prep Time10 minutes

Cook Time25 minutes

Total Time35 minutes

Servings2

AuthorSwasthi

### Ingredients (US cup = 240ml )

  * ▢ 1 cup rice  (uncooked basmati/ jasmine or 3 cups cooked)
  * ▢ ⅓ cup carrots  (chopped fine, 1 medium carrot)
  * ▢ ⅓ cup green beans  (or French beans chopped fine, 8 to 10)
  * ▢ ⅓ cup Bell peppers  (chopped, any color)
  * ▢ 3 sprigs  spring onions
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon garlic  fine chopped (5 to 6 medium cloves)
  * ▢ ¾ to 1 tablespoon ginger  fine chopped (1 inch, peeled)
  * ▢ 1 green chilli chopped optional
  * ▢ 1 dried red chilli broken optional
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons oil  (peanut or any cooking oil of choice)
  * ▢ 1 star anise (optional for flavor)
  * ▢ ¼ to ½ teaspoon red chilli powder (low heat like Kashmiri or paprika)
  * ▢ 1 ½ teaspoon curry powder  (or sambar powder or ¾ to 1 teaspoon garam masala)
  * ▢ ¾ to 1 teaspoon coriander powder
  * ▢ ¼ to ½ teaspoon black pepper crushed
  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon turmeric
  * ▢ 1 to 1 ½ teaspoon salt (adjust to taste)

#### For the Sauce

  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Soya Sauce (organic or at least naturally brewed)
  * ▢ ¾ to 1 tablespoon red chilli sauce  (sweet and sour or any hot sauce)
  * ▢ 1 to 1 ½ tablespoon tomato ketchup  (optional)
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon rice vinegar  (or apple vinegar)
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon sugar (optional)

#### Optional (refer notes)

  * ▢ 1 tablespoon oil
  * ▢ 125 grams paneer / extra firm pressed tofu  (or 6 ounces shrimps or boneless chicken, refer notes)
  * ▢ 1 to 2 eggs  (refer notes)

Advertisement

### Instructions

  * ▢

Add rice to a bowl and rinse well a couple of times. Drain the water
completely.

  * ▢

Pour 2 cups water and a few drops of oil (optional). Bring it to a rolling
boil on a high heat. Once the water begin to boil, lower the flame completely.
Cover and cook until the rice is cooked to al dente (perfectly cooked but not
mushy). Turn off the heat.

  * ▢

Drain the excess water from the rice, if any to a colander. Add the rice back
to the pot. Cover and rest for 5 to 7 mins. Later fluff up with a fork. Cool
the rice aside.

  * ▢

Optional - To add paneer/tofu, Chicken/shrimp, refer notes and cook them
first.

  * ▢

While the rice cooks, prepare the veggies. Separate the green and whites of
the spring onions.

  * ▢

Set aside all the spice powders and pour the required soya, red chilli sauce,
ketchup, sugar and vinegar to a small bowl. Keep all these aside.

#### How to Make Singapore Fried Rice

  * ▢

Heat oil in the wok on a medium high heat and add star anise (optional), green
chilies, red chilies, spring onion whites, ginger and garlic. Fry until
aromatic without burning.

  * ▢

Add all the veggies and salt. Cook until the veggies are tender.

  * ▢

Reduce the heat. Stir in all the spice powders - red chili powder, turmeric,
coriander powder, curry powder (or garam masala) and black pepper.

  * ▢

Increase the heat to high. Pour all of the sauces and 3 tablespoons water. Mix
well. The sauces and spices cook together and become thick under 2 mins.

  * ▢

Add the rice and mix well. Taste test and adjust salt and soya if required.
Fry for a minute or 2 until the rice becomes hot. Add spring onions greens and
the toppings you made if any (paneer/tofu/shrimp or chicken).

  * ▢

Serve Singapore fried rice hot or warm. You won't need any sides for this.

Advertisement

### Notes

  * Adjust the amount of curry powder, sauces and spices to your taste. Every brand is different in flavor and heat levels.
  * To use paneer or tofu, add them to 1 tablespoon hot oil in a wok and fry until golden and crisp. Remove to a plate.

  * To use shrimp or chicken, mix together shrimp or chopped chicken ( ½ inch), ¼ teaspoon salt, ½ teaspoon red chilli powder, 1 teaspoon soya sauce, 1 teaspoon ketchup. Add 1 egg and mix well. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a wok. Add the shrimp or chicken to the hot oil, retain the leftover egg in the bowl. Cook until the chicken or shrimp is almost cooked. Pour the remaining egg all over the meat and cook until fully cooked but not overcooked. Remove to a plate and continue making the Singapore fried rice.

Alternative quantities provided in the recipe card are for 1x only, original
recipe.

For best results follow my detailed step-by-step photo instructions and tips
above the recipe card.

### NUTRITION INFO (estimation only)

Nutrition Facts

Singapore Fried Rice Recipe

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 553 Calories from Fat 135

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 15g **23%**

Saturated Fat 1g **6%**

Trans Fat 1g

Polyunsaturated Fat 4g

Monounsaturated Fat 9g

 **Sodium** 2554mg **111%**

 **Potassium** 436mg **12%**

 **Carbohydrates** 94g **31%**

Fiber 5g **21%**

Sugar 11g **12%**

 **Protein** 10g **20%**

**Vitamin A** 4881IU **98%**

 **Vitamin C** 44mg **53%**

 **Calcium** 81mg **8%**

 **Iron** 3mg **17%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Tried this recipe?Mention @SwasthisRecipes or tag #swasthisrecipes!

(C) Swasthi's Recipes

__WhatsApp

 __Share

 __Pin

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

**FOR MORE RECIPES**

Please leave this field empty

Enter & Confirm eMail ID for Swasthi's Recipes Newsletter *

Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.

  

Singapore Fried Rice first published in January 2013. Updated and republished
in June 2022.

## Post navigation

Previous Previous

Lemon Rasam

NextContinue

Paneer 65 Fry

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

16 Comments

__Inline Feedbacks

View all comments

Biney

  
Fan freakin tastic

Reply

Advertisement

Vinay

Very nice

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Vinay

Thank you

Reply

Archana Potdar

temptingly delicious.

Reply

Sebeena Loyd

tempting swasthi

Reply

Amelia

Hi Swasthi, love your colourful fried rice. Look really delicious. I don&#39;t
mind to have 2 plates, please.:)<br /><br />Have a nice weekend, regards.

Reply

Archana Potdar

Looks great. My girls will love it.

Reply

♥LOVE2COOK MALAYSIA♥

Wow, is is truly appetizing!

Reply

Advertisement

PT

swasthi, pls check your mail and let me know your feedback..

Reply

Amrita Vishal

you have the most amazing list of rice recipes..want them all!!

Reply

Phong Hong

Very colorful and flavorful fried rice!

Reply

Priya

WIsh i get a plate of this fried rice rite now even after having my
dinner.Droolworthy dish.

Reply

divya

wow….it looks so scrumptious!<br />

Reply

Shailaja Reddy

Yummy n colourful rice.

Reply

Advertisement

DivyaGCP

Quick and simple dish.. Perfect for lunch.. Very colorful too..

Reply

Suja Manoj

Yummy colorful rice,tempting

Reply

Advertisement

Advertisement

(C) 2022 Swasthi's Recipes

Insert

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Popular RecipesExpand child menuExpand

    * Matar Paneer
    * Butter Chicken
    * Chana Masala
    * Dal Makhani
    * Gobi Manchurian
    * Chicken Tikka Masala
  * SocialExpand child menuExpand

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Twitter
    * Pinterest
    * Youtube

Toggle Menu Close

Search for:

Search

