https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fried_rice


# Fried rice

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

Jump to navigation Jump to search

Cooked rice stir-fried with egg and other ingredients

Fried rice

Thai-style seafood fried rice  
  
---  
Alternative names|

List

  * _arroz mamposteao_ – Puerto Rican Spanish 
  * _arroz frito_ – Philippine Spanish 
  * _bai cha_ (បាយឆា) – Khmer 
  * _bokkeum-bap_ (볶음밥) – Korean 
  * _bhuteko bhat_ (भुटेको भात) – Nepalese 
  * _yakimeshi_ (焼飯) – Japanese 
  * _chǎofàn_ (炒饭(s); 炒飯(t)) – Chinese 
  * _chaufa_ – Peruvian Spanish 
  * _cơm chiên_ , _cơm rang_ – Vietnamese 
  * _htamin gyaw_ (ထမင်းကြော်) – Burmese 
  * _khao pad_ (ข้าวผัด) – Thai 
  * _nasi goreng_ – Indonesian/Malay 
  * _sinangág_ – Tagalog 
  * _sinanlag_ – Cebuano 
  * _singlé násî_ \- Kapampángan 

  
  
Type| Rice dish  
Course| Main course  
Place of origin| China  
Region or state| Worldwide  
Main ingredients| Cooked rice, cooking oil  
Variations|  _Bokkeum-bap_  
 _Chāhan_  
 _Chǎo fàn_  
 _Khao phat_  
 _Nasi goreng_  
  
  * Media: Fried rice

  
  
_Arroz chaufa_ , Peruvian-Chinese fried rice

Korean _kimchi-bokkeum-bap_

**Fried rice** is a dish of cooked rice that has been stir-fried in a wok or a
frying pan and is usually mixed with other ingredients such as eggs,
vegetables, seafood, or meat. It is often eaten by itself or as an
accompaniment to another dish. Fried rice is a popular component of East
Asian, Southeast Asian and certain South Asian cuisines, as well as a staple
national dish of Indonesia. As a homemade dish, fried rice is typically made
with ingredients left over from other dishes, leading to countless variations.
Fried rice first developed during the Sui Dynasty in China and as such all
fried rice dishes can trace their origins to Chinese fried rice.[1]

Many varieties of fried rice have their own specific list of ingredients. In
Greater China, common varieties include Yangzhou fried rice and Hokkien fried
rice. Japanese chāhan is considered a Japanese Chinese dish, having derived
from Chinese fried rice dishes. Korean bokkeum-bap in general is not of Korean
Chinese origin, although there is a Korean Chinese variety of _bokkeum-bap_.
In Southeast Asia, similarly constructed Indonesian, Malaysian, and
Singaporean _nasi goreng_ and Thai _khao phat_ are popular dishes. In the
West, most restaurants catering to vegetarians have invented their own
varieties of fried rice, including egg fried rice. Fried rice is also seen on
the menus of American restaurants offering cuisines with no native tradition
of the dish. Additionally, the cuisine of some Latin American countries
includes variations on fried rice, including Ecuadorian chaulafan, Peruvian
arroz chaufa, Cuban arroz frito, and Puerto Rican arroz mamposteao.

Fried rice is a common street food in Asia. In some Asian countries, small
restaurants, street vendors and traveling hawkers specialize in serving fried
rice. In Indonesian cities it is common to find fried rice street hawkers
moving through the streets with their food cart and stationing it in busy
streets or residential areas. Many Southeast Asian street food stands offer
fried rice with a selection of optional garnishes and side dishes.

## Contents

  * 1 Preparation
  * 2 History
  * 3 Varieties
    * 3.1 East Asia
      * 3.1.1 China
      * 3.1.2 Japan
      * 3.1.3 Korea
    * 3.2 Southeast Asia
      * 3.2.1 Cambodia
      * 3.2.2 Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore
      * 3.2.3 Myanmar
      * 3.2.4 Philippines
      * 3.2.5 Thailand
      * 3.2.6 Vietnam
    * 3.3 South Asia
      * 3.3.1 India
      * 3.3.2 Nepal
      * 3.3.3 Sri Lanka
    * 3.4 Pacific
      * 3.4.1 Hawaii
    * 3.5 Americas
      * 3.5.1 Ecuador
      * 3.5.2 Cuba
      * 3.5.3 Dominican Republic
      * 3.5.4 Peru
      * 3.5.5 Puerto Rico
    * 3.6 Europe
      * 3.6.1 Portugal
    * 3.7 Africa
      * 3.7.1 Nigeria
  * 4 Gallery
  * 5 See also
  * 6 References

## Preparation[edit]

Cooking Chinese fried rice video

Cooked rice is the primary ingredient, with myriad additional ingredients,
such as vegetables, eggs, meat (chicken, beef, pork, lamb, mutton), preserved
meat (bacon, ham, sausage), seafood (fish, shrimp, crab), mushrooms, among
others. Aromatics such as onions, shallots, scallions, leeks, and garlic are
often added for extra flavor. Various cooking oils, such as vegetable oil,
sesame oil, clarified butter, or lard can be used to grease the wok or frying
pan to prevent sticking, as well as for flavor. Fried rice dishes can be
seasoned with salt, different types of soy sauce, oyster sauce and many other
sauces and spices. Popular garnishes include chopped scallions, sliced chili,
fried shallots, sprigs of parsley or coriander leaves, toasted sesame seeds,
seaweed flakes (gim or nori), sliced cucumber, tomato, lime, or pickled
vegetables.

## History[edit]

Main article: Chinese fried rice § History

The earliest record of fried rice is in the Sui dynasty (589–618 AD) in
China.[2]

## Varieties[edit]

### East Asia[edit]

#### China[edit]

_Yángzhōu chǎofàn_ in Hong Kong, the most popular Chinese fried rice

Main article: Chinese fried rice

  * Hokkien (or Fujian) fried rice (福建炒飯), a variation of Chinese fried rice, is from the Fujian region of China; it has a thick sauce poured and mixed over it which can include mushrooms, meat, vegetables, etc.
  * Szechwan fried rice （四川炒飯）is a spicy stir-fried rice from Sichuan which uses doubanjiang chili sauce with garlic, green onions, and red onion.[3]
  * Yin-yang fried rice (駌鴦炒飯)is topped with two different types of sauce, typically a savory white sauce on one half and a red tomato-based sauce on the other half. Elaborate versions use the sauces to create a yin-yang symbol.
  * Yeung chow (or Yangzhou) fried rice (揚州炒飯) consists of generous portions of shrimp and scrambled egg, along with barbecued pork. This is the most popular fried rice served in Chinese restaurants, commonly referred to simply as "special fried rice" or "house fried rice".

#### Japan[edit]

_Chāhan_ , Japanese-Chinese fried rice

  * _Chāhan_ (チャーハン) or _yakimeshi_ (焼飯) is a Chinese-derived fried rice suited to Japanese tastes by the addition of _katsuobushi_ for flavor, prepared with a variety of ingredients.
  * _Omurice_ is fried rice wrapped inside an egg omelette. The fried rice is generally mixed with a variety of vegetables and meat. Often a variant called "chicken rice" (チキンライス chikinraisu) is used. Ketchup or some other tomato sauce is added to make this.

#### Korea[edit]

  * _Bokkeum-bap_ (볶음밥; lit. "fried rice") is made by stir-frying bap (cooked rice) with other ingredients in oil.[4] A wide range of fried rice dishes are common in Korean cuisine, often made with whichever ingredients are handy. In Korean restaurants, fried rice is a popular end-of-meal add-on.[5] After eating the main dishes cooked on a tabletop stove, cooked rice along with _gimgaru_ (seaweed flakes) and sesame oil is often added directly into the remains of the main dishes, stir-fried, and browned. 
    * _Kimchi-bokkeum-bap_ (김치볶음밥; lit. "kimchi fried rice") is a popular variety of _bokkeum-bap_ , prepared with kimchi and a variable list of other ingredients.

### Southeast Asia[edit]

#### Cambodia[edit]

Cambodian seafood fried rice

  * _Bai cha_ (បាយឆា) is the Cambodian variation of fried rice and usually includes pork, sausages, eggs, garlic, soy sauce, and herbs.[6] There are numerous variations of the dish in Cambodia, including _bai cha kapi_ (បាយឆាកាពិ) made with shrimps and shrimp paste ( _kapi_ ).[7]

#### Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore[edit]

Indonesian _nasi goreng_ with chicken, fried egg, prawn cracker and vegetables

  * _Nasi goreng_ means fried rice in both the Indonesian and Malaysian Malay languages. It is distinguished from other Asian fried rice recipes through the widespread use of sweet soy sauce ( _kecap/kicap manis manis_ ) and ground shrimp paste. It is often accompanied by additional items such as a fried egg, fried chicken, _satay_ , and condiments such as _sambal_ , _acar_ , and _krupuk/keropok_. It is endemic to Brunei, Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore, and is also popular in the Netherlands.
  * _Nasi goreng jawa_ , which means "Javanese fried rice", commonly includes sambal ulek as a seasoning and has a spicy flavor.[8][9]
  * _Nasi goreng pattaya_ is Malaysian-style _nasi goreng_ wrapped inside an egg omelette. The fried rice is generally mixed with a variety of vegetables and meat and garnished with tomato sauce. In Indonesia, the dish is called _nasi goreng amplop_.
  * _Nasi goreng ikan asin_ , is fried rice with salted fish.[10]
  * _Sambal fried rice_ found in Singapore is a variation of fried rice made with sambal, a condiment based on chilis and belachan, derived from Indonesian and Malaysian influences.
  * There is also a famous fried rice from Indonesian called "Nasi goreng kambing". It is made with several spices, such as bay leaves, cloves, cardamom, and cumin. It is accompanied with lamb, _acar_ , and _krupuk_. It is derived from Arabs influences.[11]

#### Myanmar[edit]

Main article: Burmese fried rice

  * Burmese fried rice (ထမင်း‌ကြော်, _htamin gyaw_ ) normally uses Burmese fragrant short grain rice (rounder and shorter than other varieties). A popular plain version consists of rice, boiled peas, onions, garlic, and dark soy sauce. An accompanying condiment could be _ngapi kyaw_ (fried fish paste with shredded flakes) and fresh cucumber strips mixed with chopped onions, green chili, and vinegar.

#### Philippines[edit]

Filipino _sinangag_ , also commonly known as "garlic fried rice"

  * Aligue rice, also known as "crab fat fried rice" or "aligue fried rice", is similar to _sinangág_ , but with the notable addition of _aligue_ (crab fat paste), which turns the dish a vivid orange-yellow. It can be combined with seafood like shrimp and squid and eaten as is, or eaten paired with meat dishes.[12]
  * Bagoong fried rice is a type of Filipino fried rice using _bagoong alamang_ (shrimp paste) as its main flavoring agent. Meat, scallions, as well as green mangoes are optionally additions.
  * _Sinangág_ , also called "garlic fried rice", is a Filipino fried rice cooked by stir-frying pre-cooked rice with garlic. The rice used is preferably stale, usually leftover cooked rice from the previous day, as it results in rice that is slightly fermented and firmer. It is garnished with toasted garlic, salt, and black pepper. The rice grains are ideally loose and not stick together.[13]

    _Sinangág_ is rarely eaten on its own, but is usually paired with a "dry" meat dish like tocino, longganisa, tapa, or spam. Unlike other types of fried rice, it does not normally use ingredients other than garlic, so it does not overwhelm the flavour of the main dish. When they do use other ingredients, the most common additions are scrambled eggs, chopped scallions, and cubed carrots. Cashews might also be added. _Sinangág_ is a common part of a traditional Filipino breakfast, and it usually prepared with leftover rice from the dinner before. It is one of the components of the _tapsilog_ breakfast and its derivatives.[13]

  * Lastly, Morisqueta Tostada is an old Chinese Filipino fried rice recipe that is usually served by old Chinese restaurants in Manila. The name of the dish comes from Spanish, _morisqueta_ referring to the rice, which comes from the Mexican dish Morisqueta which consists of white rice. And _tostada_ meaning "toasted"; in other words toasted rice, implying the method in which the rice is stir fried.

#### Thailand[edit]

Main article: Thai fried rice

_Khao phat thale_ , seafood fried rice

Fried rice (Thai: ข้าวผัด, RTGS: _khao phat_ , pronounced [kʰâ(ː)w pʰàt]) in
Thailand is typical of central Thai cuisine. In Thai, _khao_ means "rice" and
_phat_ means "of or relating to being stir-fried". This dish differs from
Chinese fried rice in that it is prepared with Thai jasmine rice instead of
regular long-grain rice. It normally contains meat (chicken, shrimp, pork, and
crab are all common), egg, onions, garlic and sometimes tomatoes. The
seasonings, which may include soy sauce, sugar, salt, possibly some chili
sauce, and the ubiquitous _nam pla_ (fish sauce), are stir-fried together with
the other ingredients. The dish is then plated and served with accompaniments
like cucumber slices, tomato slices, lime, sprigs of green onion and
coriander, and _prik nam pla_ , a spicy sauce made of Thai chili, fish sauce,
and chopped garlic.

#### Vietnam[edit]

  * _Cơm chiên_ or _Cơm rang_ is a Vietnamese variation of the Chinese fried rice that includes diced sausage, stirred eggs, soy sauce, and onions.

### South Asia[edit]

#### India[edit]

  * Fried rice is one of the most popular dishes of Indian Chinese cuisine in eastern and northern India.
  * Curry fried rice is standard fried rice mixed with curry powder for a spicier flavor.
  * The Tava Pulav or Tawa Pulao is a fried rice dish from Mumbai.[14][15]

#### Nepal[edit]

  * _Bhuteko bhat_ (भुटेको भात) is a Nepalese version of fried rice generally eaten with Achar; However, curry and dhal may also be served alongside it.[16]

#### Sri Lanka[edit]

Sri Lankan _nasi goreng_ served with a fried egg

  * Sri Lankan fried rice (Sinhala: ෆ්රයිඩ් රයිස්) is a Sri Lankan variation of the original Chinese version. However, basmati rice is used and Sri Lankan spices are also added to it.[17][18]
  * Nasi goreng (Sinhala: නාසි ගොරේන්) is a popular fried rice dish widely eaten throughout the country. It entered Sri Lankan cuisine through cultural influences from the Malay and Indonesian cuisines.[19]

### Pacific[edit]

#### Hawaii[edit]

  * Hawaiian fried rice this common style of fried rice in Hawaii usually contains egg, green onions, peas, cubed carrots, and either Portuguese sausage or Spam, or both, and is sometimes available with kimchi added. It is normally cooked in sesame oil.

### Americas[edit]

_Arroz frito_ is a denomination used in the Spanish speaking world, meaning
"fried rice", with adjectives describing the Chinese-inspired varieties, e.g.
_arroz chino, arroz cantonés_ , or local specialties _arroz
chaufa/chaulafán/chaufán/chofán, arroz frito tres delicias_.

  * Bacon and egg fried rice[20]

#### Ecuador[edit]

  * _Chaulafan_ is the name for Chinese fried rice in Ecuador. In Ecuador and Peru, dark soy sauce is preferred in fried rice. Meats typically used are pork, beef, chicken or fish/seafood (e.g. shrimp).

#### Cuba[edit]

_Arroz frito_ , Cuban-Chinese fried rice

  * _Arroz frito_ (Cuban fried rice) is very similar to "special fried rice". It can be found alongside typical _criollo_ dishes in many Cuban restaurants. This dish features ham, grilled pork, shrimp, chicken, and eggs, along with a variety of vegetables. Some restaurants add _lechón_ (Cuban-style suckling pig), lobster tails, or crab. Chinese Cubans are responsible for the dish's introduction.

#### Dominican Republic[edit]

An estimated 30,000 people of Chinese origin live in the Dominican Republic.
Migration from China began in the second half of the 19th. Fried rice
alongside fried chicken _(chicarrón de pollo)_ has been the biggest influence.
Dominican fried rice is known as _chofán_. The dish is made with left over
white rice, celery, peppers, onions, carrots, peas, soy sauce and ham,
chicken, eggs or shrimp sautéed in vegetable oil.

#### Peru[edit]

  * _Arroz chaufa_ is a popular name for Chinese fried rice in Peru, belonging to the _chifa_ kitchen. In Chile, it is called _arroz chaufán_. The most common varieties are made using the same ingredients used in China. Some exotic versions may use dried meat, beef tongue, alligator, or lizard in place of more traditional meats. In some regions, the rice is replaced with quinoa or pearled wheat, while in others the rice is mixed with noodles. _Aeropuerto_ is a big Peruvian arroz chaufa dish containing fried noodles and many other additions.

#### Puerto Rico[edit]

  * _Arroz mamposteao_ is a kind of fried rice in Puerto Rico. It was brought to the island by Chinese immigrants and is usually made with leftover rice and typically Asian ingredients such as bean sprouts, ginger, garlic, soy sauce, combined with popular Puerto Rican ingredients such as red beans, sweet plantains, squash, bacon, longaniza, and variety of vegetables. Puerto Rican fried rice is usually garnished with sesame seeds, avocado, cilantro, cheese or aioli. Left over stew beans can also be added. The beans are typically stewed in sofrito, tomato sauce, spices, pork, potatoes and other ingredients.

### Europe[edit]

  * _Fried Rice with Oyster Sauce_ – is fried rice incorporating oyster sauce.

#### Portugal[edit]

  * _Arroz chau-chau_ – is fried rice in Portuguese, and in Portugal it is often served as an accompaniment to other food.

### Africa[edit]

#### Nigeria[edit]

Nigerian fried rice is made with long-grain rice, protein (such as beef liver,
chicken, pork, or shrimp), vegetables (such as carrots, peas, green beans,
onions, and chillies), herbs and spices (such as thyme, pepper, and curry
powder), and so on.

## Gallery[edit]

  * Fried rice dishes
  * Beef fried rice topped with a sunny side up egg 

  * Szechwan fried rice is an Indo-Chinese dish[21]

  * _Cheolpan-bokkeum-bap_ on iron griddle 

  * _Kimchi-bokkeum-bap_ , the most popular Korean fried rice

  * _Fuk gin caau faan_ , Hokkien fried rice 

  * _Jyun joeng caau faan_ , Hong Kong-style "mandarin ducks" fried rice 

  * _Khao phat_ , Thai fried rice 

  * _Khao phat kaeng khiao wan_ , green curry fried rice 

  * _Khao phat kaphrao_ , Thai fried rice with holy basil

  * _Khao phat pu_ , Thai fried rice with crab meat 

  * Korean-Chinese fried rice with _jajang_ sauce

  * _Nasi goreng_ with salted fish and egg 

  * _Nasi goreng istimewa_ , special fried rice 

  * Javanese-Surinamese _nasi goreng_ in The Netherlands 

  * _Nasi goreng pattaya_ , Malaysian omelette rice 

  * Nigerian fried rice with fish, salad and steamed bean pudding

  * Omurice (Japanese omelette rice) with fried rice inside 

  * Taiwanese fried rice 

  * Filipino _sinangág with cashews_

  * Filipino _tosilog_ breakfast with _tocino_ and _longganisa_

## See also[edit]

  * Food portal
  * Lists portal

  * _Arroz a la valenciana_
  * _Arroz con pollo_
  * _Arròs negre_
  * _Biryani_
  * Fried noodles
  * Jambalaya
  * _Nam khao_ – a salad from Laos made with deep-fried rice balls and other ingredients
  * _Paella_
  * Pilaf
  * Risotto
  * _Yam naem_ – a Thai salad prepared using fried curry rice and other ingredients

## References[edit]

  1. **^** Bruce Kraig; Colleen Taylor Sen (2013). _Street Food Around the World: An Encyclopedia of Food and Culture_. ABC-CLIO. p. 183\. ISBN 9781598849554.
  2. **^** "Chinese Fried Rice". _iFood.tv_.
  3. **^** "Szechuan Fried Rice". _China Sichuan Food_. 16 November 2014.
  4. **^** (in Korean) "볶음-밥". _Standard Korean Language Dictionary_. National Institute of Korean Language. Retrieved 4 March 2017.
  5. **^** Kim, Keith (2012-03-29). "10 of Seoul's Most Famous and Popular Galbi Restaurants". _Seoulistic_. Retrieved 4 March 2017.
  6. **^** Carter, Terence. "Cambodian Fried Rice Recipe – How to Make the Best Bai Cha". _Grantourismo Travels_. Retrieved 25 October 2019.
  7. **^** Dunston, Lara (14 September 2020). "Shrimp Fried Rice With Shrimp Paste Recipe for Cambodia's Bai Cha Kapi". _Grantourismo Travels_. Retrieved 7 January 2021.
  8. **^** "Resep Cara Membuat Nasi Goreng Jawa Pedas Lezat". _fimela.com_. September 9, 2017.
  9. **^** "Javanese Fried Rice - Kitchenesia". _kitchenesia.grid.id_.
  10. **^** "Nasi Goreng Ikan Asin (Salted Fish Fried Rice)". _Fooooods_. Retrieved 9 April 2022.
  11. **^** "Nasi Goreng Kambing Ala Kebon Sirih".
  12. **^** "Crab Fat or Aligue Fried Rice". _Kusina ni Teds_. 3 July 2016. Retrieved 10 April 2020.
  13. ^ _**a**_ _**b**_ Vanjo Merano. "Sinangag Recipe". _Panlasang Pinoy_. Retrieved 8 December 2014.
  14. **^** Goyal Siraj, Ashima (2015-06-15). "Express Recipes: How to make Mumbai style Tawa Pulao". _The Indian Express_. Retrieved 2019-08-18.
  15. **^** Gomes, Michael (2019-01-03). "How about some street food for brunch?". _Khaleej Times_. Retrieved 2019-08-18.
  16. **^** "Bhuteko Bhat – We All Nepali". _weallnepali.com_. Retrieved 29 August 2015.
  17. **^** "Fried rice". _wordpress.com_. Retrieved 29 August 2015.
  18. **^** "Sri Lankan Food: 40 of the Island's Best Dishes". _Migrationology.com/_. Retrieved 4 January 2016.
  19. **^** Cassim, Aysha Maryam (17 August 2016). "ශ්‍රී ලාංකික ආහාර සංස්කෘතිය වර්ණවත් කළ පෙර අපර දෙදිග රජබොජුන්". _roar.media_ (in Sinhala). Roar. Retrieved 16 June 2018.
  20. **^** "Bacon and Egg Fried Rice". _Washington Post_. Retrieved 2021-02-15.
  21. **^** "Schezwan fried rice recipe - How to make schezwan fried rice". 4 August 2015.

  * v
  * t
  * e

Rice dishes  
  
---  
  
  * **List of rice dishes**
  * **List of fried rice dishes**

  
  
North America|

  * Arroz poblano
  * Arroz a la cubana
  * Arroz a la tumbada
  * Arroz con gandules
  * Arroz con pollo
  * Charleston red rice
  * Diri ak djon djon
  * Dirty rice
  * Gallo pinto
  * Glorified rice
  * Gumbo
  * Hawaiian haystack
  * Hoppin' John
  * Jambalaya
  * Loco moco
  * Locrio
  * Mexican rice
  * Moros y Cristianos
  * Red beans and rice
  * Rice Krispies Treats
  * Rice and gravy
  * Rice cereal
  * Shrimp creole

  
  
South America|

  * Arroz à grega
  * Arroz a la valenciana
  * Arroz chaufa
  * Arroz tapado
  * Bandeja paisa
  * Pabellón criollo
  * Rice and beans

  
  
Europe|

  * Arancini
  * Arròs negre
  * Arròs a banda
  * Kedgeree
  * Nasischijf
  * Paella
  * Rijsttafel
  * Risalamande
  * Risotto
  * Supplì

  
  
Africa|

  * Banga rice
  * Jollof rice
  * Thieboudienne

  
  
West Asia|

  * Kabsa
  * Kateh
  * Kushari
  * Lâpa
  * Mandi
  * Mansaf
  * Maqluba
  * Mujaddara
  * Orez Shu'it
  * Pilaf
  * Sabzi polo
  * Saleeg
  * Sütlaç
  * Tahdig
  * Tahri
  * Zerde

  
  
Central Asia|

  * Plov
  * Osh

  
  
South Asia|

  * Baji
  * Biryani
  * Bisi Bele Bath
  * Bora saul
  * Chaaler Payesh
  * Chitranna
  * Chirha
  * Chungapura Pitha
  * Coconut rice
  * Curd rice
  * Congee
  * Dosa
  * Daal Bhaat
  * Diyabath
  * Idiyappam
  * Idli
  * Jaa
  * Jeera rice
  * Jhalmuri
  * Kabuli palaw
  * Khichdi
  * Kori rotti
  * Payesh/Payasam
  * Murhi
  * Kiribath
  * Lamprais
  * Kaha bath
  * Nasi goreng
  * Neer dosa
  * Paniyaram
  * Pakistani rice dishes
  * Panta bhat
  * Pulao
  * Pittu
  * Poha
  * Pongal
  * Pulihora
  * Puliyogare
  * Rice and curry
  * Sevai
  * Soft Khichuri
  * Zafran Bhaat

  
  
East Asia|

| China|

  * Boluo fan
  * Claypot chicken rice
  * Erkuai
  * Fried rice
  * Gaifan
  * Guoba
  * Migan
  * Mixian
  * Minced pork rice
  * Rice noodle roll
  * Siu mei rice
  * Sticky rice
  * Yangzhou fried rice
  * Zongzi

  
  
---|---  
Japan|

  * Agemochi
  * Botamochi
  * Chahan
  * Chazuke
  * Chūkadon
  * Donburi
  * Gyūdon
  * Hayashi rice
  * Ikameshi
  * Kamameshi
  * Karukan
  * Katemeshi
  * Katsudon
  * Keihan rice
  * Kiritanpo
  * Mochi
  * Moffle
  * Okayu
  * Omurice
  * Onigiri
  * Oyakodon
  * Rice burger
  * Senbei
  * Sushi
  * Taco rice
  * Takikomi gohan
  * Tamago kake gohan
  * Tekkadon
  * Uirō
  * Unadon
  * Yakimochi
  * Zosui

  
  
Korea|

  * Bap
  * Bibimbap
  * Bokkeum-bap
  * Garae-tteok
  * Gimbap
  * Gyeongdan
  * Heotjesatbap
  * Hobak-juk
  * Hoe-deopbap
  * Injeolmi
  * Jatjuk
  * Jeonbok-juk
  * Kimchi bokkeumbap
  * Kongbap
  * Nurungji
  * Ogok-bap
  * Sundae
  * Tarak-juk
  * Tteok
  * Yaksik

  
  
Taiwan|

  * Bamboo rice pudding [zh]
  * Bí-hún
  * Bí-pang
  * Bí-tâi-ba̍k
  * Donfan
  * Fried rice
  * Glutinous rice
  * Îⁿ-á
  * Khòng-bah-pn̄g [zh]
  * Koé
  * Ló͘-bah-pn̄g
  * Milkfish maw porridge [zh]
  * Mixian
  * Môa-chî
  * Pn̄g-thng [zh]
  * Tainan Yufan [zh][ _clarification needed_ ]
  * Taiwanese sweet sticky rice
  * Tea'ban [zh][ _citation needed_ ]
  * Ti-hoe̍h-koé
  * Turkey rice bowls [zh]
  * Óaⁿ-kóe [zh]
  * Chàng

  
  
Southeast Asia|

| Indonesia|

  * Arem-arem
  * Bakcang
  * Bubur ayam
  * Bugis
  * Burasa
  * Burgo
  * Dodol
  * Duck rice
  * Ketupat
  * Klepon
  * Ku
  * Laklak
  * Lemang
  * Lemper
  * Lepet
  * Lontong
  * Lontong balap
  * Lontong cap go meh
  * Lontong dekem
  * Lontong sayur
  * Lupis
  * Madumongso
  * Moci
  * Nasi ambeng
  * Nasi bakar
  * Nasi beriani
  * Nasi bogana
  * Nasi campur
  * Nasi goreng
    * Nasi goreng jawa
    * Nasi goreng pattaya
  * Nasi gurih
  * Nasi jamblang
  * Nasi jinggo
  * Nasi kapau
  * Nasi kari
  * Nasi kebuli
  * Nasi kucing
  * Nasi kuning
  * Nasi lemak
  * Nasi lengko
  * Nasi liwet
  * Nasi mandi
  * Nasi megono
  * Nasi minyak
  * Nasi padang
  * Nasi pecel
  * Nasi tempong
  * Nasi tim
  * Nasi timbel
  * Nasi tutug oncom
  * Nasi uduk
  * Nasi ulam
  * Nagasari
  * Onde-onde
  * Pinyaram
  * Pulot tartal
  * Putu
  * Putu mangkok
  * Putu mayang
  * Rijsttafel
  * Serabi
  * Tapai
  * Tinutuan
  * Tumpeng
  * Wajik

  
  
---|---  
Philippines|

  * Aligue fried rice
  * Ampaw
  * Arroz a la cubana
  * Arroz a la valenciana
  * Arroz caldo
  * Bagoong fried rice
  * Balao-balao
  * Baye baye
  * Bibingka
  * Biko
  * Binakle
  * Binalot
  * Binignit
  * Bringhe
  * Buro (Tapay)
  * Burong isda
  * Champorado
  * Dodol
  * Espasol
  * Ginataang mais
  * Ginataang munggo
  * Goto
  * Junay
  * Kalamay
  * Kiampong
  * Kiping
  * Kuning
  * Kutsinta
  * Lugaw
  * Mache
  * Masi
  * Moche
  * Moron
  * Nasing biringyi
  * Okoy
  * Paelya
  * Palitaw
  * Pancit bihon
  * Pancit choca
  * Pancit Malabon
  * Pancit palabok
  * Panyalam
  * Pastil
  * Pichi-pichi
  * Pilipit
  * Pinipig
  * Pusô
  * Putli mandi
  * Puto
  * Puto bumbong
  * Puto seco
  * Salukara
  * Sapin-sapin
  * Sayongsong
  * Shakoy
  * Silog
  * Sinangág (Garlic fried rice)
  * Sinigapuna
  * Suman
  * Tinapayan
  * Tupig

  
  
Singapore/  
Malaysia|

  * Chwee kueh
  * Hainanese chicken rice
  * Kelupis
  * Lamban
  * Nasi dagang
  * Nasi goreng pattaya
  * Nasi kandar
  * Nasi kerabu
  * Nasi lemak
  * Nasi paprik
  * Nasi tumpang

  
  
Myanmar  
(Burma)|

  * Burmese fried rice
  * Buttered rice
  * Coconut rice
  * Htamanè
  * Hsi htamin
  * No htamin
  * Thingyan rice

  
  
Thailand|

  * American fried rice
  * Khao chae
  * Khao kha mu
  * Khao mu daeng
  * Khao lam
  * Thai fried rice

  
  
Vietnam|

  * Bun cha
  * Bún riêu
  * Bún bò Huế
  * Bún thịt nướng
  * Cơm tấm
  * Cơm nắm
  * Cơm rượu
  * Gỏi cuốn
  * Pho
  * Rice noodles
  * Xôi

  
  
Other|

  * Brown rice
  * Coconut rice
  * Congee
  * Instant rice
  * Parboiled rice
  * Puffed rice cakes
  * Puffed rice
  * Rice pudding
  * Rice vermicelli
  * White rice

  
  
  * Category
  * WikiProject Food and drink

  
  
  * v
  * t
  * e

Lists of prepared foods  
  
---  
Dishes  
by origin|

| Africa|

  * Angolan
  * Central African Republic
  * Chadian
  * Ethiopian and Eritrean
  * Gabonese
  * Libyan
  * Moroccan
  * Nigerian
  * Nigerien
  * Togolese
  * Tunisian
  * Western Saharan
  * São Tomé and Príncipe
  * Seychelles

  
  
---|---  
North America|

  * Mexican
  * United States
    * Italian-American
    * Jewish-American
    * New Orleans
    * Regional dishes
    * Regional beverages
    * Southern United States

  
  
South America|

  * Argentine
  * Brazilian
  * Colombian
  * Ecuadorian
  * Paraguayan
  * Peruvian
  * Venezuelan

  
  
Asia|

  * Arab
  * Bangladeshi
  * Burmese
  * Chinese
    * Beijing
    * Sichuan
  * Filipino
  * Indian
  * Iranian (and Persian)
  * Indonesian
  * Israeli
  * Japanese
  * Jordan
  * Korean
    * North Korean
  * Malaysian
  * Nepalese
  * Pakistani
  * Palestinian
  * Singaporean
  * Thai
  * Tibetan
  * Turkish
  * Uzbek
  * Vietnamese
  * Peranakan
  * Russian

  
  
Europe|

  * Caucasus
  * English
  * French
  * German
  * Greek
  * Hungarian
    * Typical Hungarian dishes
  * Irish
  * Italian
    * Sicilian
  * Liechtensteiner
  * Maltese
  * Polish
  * Portuguese
  * Romanian
  * Sami
  * Scottish
  * Spanish
  * Ukrainian

  
  
Oceania|

  * Hawaiian

  
  
Caribbean|

  * Anguillian
  * Cuban
  * Jamaican

  
  
Misc./Other|

  * Azerbaijan
  * Crimean Tatar
  * Jewish
  * National dishes

  
  
By type  
and origin|

| Breads|

  * American
  * British
  * Indian
  * Pakistani

  
  
---|---  
Cheeses|

  * American
  * British
    * Cornish
  * Dutch
  * English
  * French
  * German
  * Greek
  * Irish
  * Italian
  * Polish
  * Spanish
  * Swiss

  
  
Condiments|

  * Filipino
  * French fry accompaniments
  * Indian
  * Indonesian
  * Japanese
  * Pakistani

  
  
Desserts  
and sweets|

  * American
  * Argentine
  * Bangladeshi
  * Brazilian
  * British
  * Chinese
  * Filipino
  * French
  * German
  * Indian
  * Indonesian
  * Italian
  * Japanese
  * Korean
    * Tteok
  * Pakistani
  * Polish
  * Romanian
  * Russian
  * Spanish
  * Sri Lankan
  * Thai
  * Turkish

  
  
Soups and stews|

  * Chinese
  * Filipino
  * French
  * German
  * Indonesian
  * Italian
  * Japanese
  * Pakistani
  * Spanish

  
  
Snack foods|

  * Snack foods by country
    * Indian
    * Indonesian
    * Japanese
    * Pakistani

  
  
Misc.|

  * American sandwiches
  * Foods with religious symbolism
  * Indonesian noodles
  * Vietnamese noodles
  * Puddings (savoury)
  * Vietnamese specialities

  
  
By type|

| By cooking style|

  * Baked goods
    * Twice-baked
  * Casseroles
  * Deep fried
  * Smoked
  * Steamed

  
  
---|---  
By preparation  
style|

  * Dips
  * Dried
  * Fermented
    * Soy products
  * Food pastes
  * Garnishes
  * Gravies
  * Instant
  * Pickled
    * Pickled fruits
  * Rolled
  * Sauces
    * Dessert sauces
    * Fish sauces
    * Hot sauces
    * Instant sauces
  * Spreads
  * Stuffed dishes

  
  
Breads, grains  
and seeds|

  * Almond
  * Breads
    * bread dishes
    * Buns
    * Flatbreads
    * Quick breads
    * Rolls
    * Sourdough breads
    * Sweet breads
  * Buckwheat
  * Crackers
  * Dumplings
  * Fried dough
  * Legume
    * Chickpea
    * Peanut
  * Maize
  * Noodles
    * Noodle dishes
    * Fried noodle dishes
    * Ramen
  * Pancakes
  * Pasta
    * Pasta dishes
  * Rice
    * Fried rice
    * Rice cakes
    * Rice pudding
  * Rice and beans
  * Sesame seed
  * Toast

  
  
Dairy-based|

  * Butter dishes
  * Cheese dishes
  * Cheeses
    * Brined
  * Yogurt-based

  
  
Fruits and  
vegetables|

  * Apple
  * Avocado
  * Banana
  * Cabbage
  * Carrot
  * Cassava
  * Cherry
  * Eggplant
  * Garlic
  * Grape
  * Lemon
  * Melon
  * Onion
  * Plum
  * Potato
    * French fry
  * Salads
    * Arab
    * Thai
  * Soy-based
  * Squash and pumpkin
  * Strawberry
  * Sweet potato
  * Tofu
  * Tomato

  
  
Fish and  
seafood|

  * Clam
  * Cod
  * Crab
  * Fish head
  * Fish stews
  * Fried fish
  * Herring
  * Raw fish
  * Salmon
  * Shrimp
  * Sushi and sashimi
  * Tuna

  
  
Meat-based|

  * Barbecue
  * Beef
    * Shredded beef
    * Steak
    * Veal
  * Chicken
  * Duck
  * Egg
    * Eggs Benedict
    * Scrambled eggs
  * Goat
  * Hamburgers
  * Hot dogs
  * Kebabs
  * Lamb
  * Meatball
  * Mixed grill
  * Pork
    * Bacon
    * Ham dishes
    * Hams
  * Sausages
    * Sausage dishes
  * Skewered foods

  
  
Soups and Stews|

  * Bean
  * Blood
  * Cheese
  * Cream
  * Fish and seafood
  * Vegetable

  
  
Sweets|

  * Cakes
  * Candies
  * Chocolate bars
  * Chocolate-covered
  * Cookies
    * Cookie sandwiches
    * Shortbread
  * Desserts
    * Custard
  * Doughnuts
  * Pastries
    * Choux pastry
    * Poppy seed
  * Pies, tarts and flans
  * Puddings

  
  
Misc.|

  * Ancient
  * Bacon substitutes
  * Baozi
  * Brand name snacks
  * Breakfast
    * Beverages
    * Cereals
  * Brunch
  * Chifa
  * Christmas
  * Chutneys
  * Coconut
  * Coconut milk
  * Coffee
  * Comfort
  * Delicacies
  * Hangover foods
  * Hors d'oeuvre
    * Tapas
  * Made from maple
  * Military
  * Mushroom
  * Pastries
  * Pies, tarts and flans
  * Porridges
  * Relishes
  * Sandwiches
  * Soul
  * Spit-roasted
  * Street
  * Syrups
  * Tortilla-based
  * Traditional

  
  
  * Food portal
  * Category: Lists of foods

  
  
  * v
  * t
  * e

Guangdong topics  
  
---  
  
Guangzhou (capital)  
  
General|

  * History
  * Politics
  * Economy

  
  
Geography|

  * Cities
  * Metropolitan areas 
    * Chaoshan
    * Pearl River Delta
  * Sanyi (Sam Yup)
  * Sze Yup (Siyi)
  * Leizhou Peninsula
  * Regions 
    * Pearl River Delta
    * Yuexi
    * Yuebei
    * Yuedong
  * Pearl River (China)
  * East River
  * West River
  * Nanling Mountains
  * _Pratas Island and the Vereker Banks_ _(claimed)_
  * Shamian Island

  
  
Education|

  * Guangzhou Education
  * Shenzhen Education

  
  
Culture|

  * Lingnan culture
  * Cantonese people
  * Varieties of Chinese
    * Yue Chinese
    * Hailufeng
    * Teochew
    * Hakka
  * Lingnan architecture
  * Tong lau
  * Lingnan garden
  * Cantonese embroidery
  * Teochew woodcarving
  * Lingnan penjing
  * Canton porcelain
  * Lingnan School
  * Music
  * Cantonese opera
  * Naamyam
  * Guangdong music
  * Gou Wu
  * Cantonese poetry
  * Cantonese nationalism
  * Hung Ga
  * Wing Chun
  * Lingnan Confucianism
  * Flowermarket
  * Cantonese lion dance
  * Wong Tai Sin
  * Hung Shing
  * Cantonese merchants
  * Red cotton flower
  * Cantonese folktales
  * The Legend of Five Goats
  * Villain hitting
  * Hakka people
  * Teochew people
  * Zhuang people

  
  
Cuisine|

  * Cantonese cuisine
  * Beef chow fun
  * Chow mein
  * Char siu
  * Roasted suckling pig
  * Bird's nest soup
  * Seafood birdsnest
  * Shumai
  * Cantonese fried rice
  * Dim sum
    * Yum cha
  * Leung cha
  * Tong sui
  * Hakka cuisine
  * Teochew cuisine

  
  
  * **Category**
  * **Commons**

  
  
Authority control: National libraries |

  * United States

  
  
---|---  
  
Retrieved from
"https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Fried_rice&oldid=1099119262"

Categories:

  * Fried rice
  * Asian cuisine
  * Mauritian cuisine
  * Dishes based on leftover ingredients
  * Chinese inventions

Hidden categories:

  * Articles with Korean-language sources (ko)
  * CS1 Sinhala-language sources (si)
  * Articles with short description
  * Short description is different from Wikidata
  * Articles containing Khmer-language text
  * Articles containing Korean-language text
  * Articles containing Nepali (macrolanguage)-language text
  * Articles containing Japanese-language text
  * Articles containing Chinese-language text
  * Articles containing Burmese-language text
  * Articles containing Thai-language text
  * Articles containing Sinhala-language text
  * Wikipedia articles needing clarification from April 2020
  * All articles with unsourced statements
  * Articles with unsourced statements from April 2020
  * Articles with LCCN identifiers
  * Articles containing video clips

## Navigation menu

###  Personal tools

  * Not logged in
  * Talk
  * Contributions
  * Create account
  * Log in

###  Namespaces

  * Article
  * Talk

English

###  Views

  * Read
  * Edit
  * View history

More

###  Search

###  Navigation

  * Main page
  * Contents
  * Current events
  * Random article
  * About Wikipedia
  * Contact us
  * Donate

###  Contribute

  * Help
  * Learn to edit
  * Community portal
  * Recent changes
  * Upload file

###  Tools

  * What links here
  * Related changes
  * Upload file
  * Special pages
  * Permanent link
  * Page information
  * Cite this page
  * Wikidata item

###  Print/export

  * Download as PDF
  * Printable version

###  In other projects

  * Wikimedia Commons

###  Languages

  * العربية
  * Asturianu
  * বাংলা
  * Bikol Central
  * Català
  * Cebuano
  * Čeština
  * Deutsch
  * Español
  * Euskara
  * فارسی
  * Français
  * Galego
  * 한국어
  * Հայերեն
  * Bahasa Indonesia
  * Italiano
  * Jawa
  * ಕನ್ನಡ
  * മലയാളം
  * မြန်မာဘာသာ
  * Nederlands
  * Русский
  * Simple English
  * Soomaaliga
  * Tagalog
  * తెలుగు
  * ไทย
  * Українська
  * اردو
  * Tiếng Việt
  * 粵語
  * 中文

Edit links

  * This page was last edited on 19 July 2022, at 03:04 (UTC).
  * Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License 3.0; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.

  * Privacy policy
  * About Wikipedia
  * Disclaimers
  * Contact Wikipedia
  * Mobile view
  * Developers
  * Statistics
  * Cookie statement

  *   * 

  *[lit.]: literal translation
  *[v]: View this template
  *[t]: Discuss this template
  *[e]: Edit this template

