https://www.indianhealthyrecipes.com/clear-soup/


Skip to content

Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About

Search

Toggle Menu

Search

# Clear Soup Recipe

Home >> Recipes >> Vegetable recipes

Byswasthi

12 Comments

__WhatsApp

 __Share 262

 __Pin 831

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

1K Shares

Clear soup recipe with video & step by step photos - A detailed post on how to
make healthy & delicious vegetable clear soup at home. Clear soup is a soup
that is made by simmering veggies, & or meat in a liquid until all the flavors
are released. These soups are clear and are great for those on a liquid diet.
Clear soups are made without the addition of any spices, starch or any other
flavoring ingredients. But there are so many versions made across the world
and some are made even without the addition of any oil or fats.

* * *

## Clear Soup

Clear soup is made differently in various cuisines. I have shared the method I
follow at home. It is a 2 step process where firstly all the veggies are
simmered to make a vegetable stock. Next some more veggies are sauteed with
ginger & garlic. Then simmered in the prepared stock.

This 2 step process makes the clear soup extremely flavorful & delicious
similar to the one you get in Asian Restaurants.

In this post I have shown making vegetarian clear soup but have also added the
details of how I make the chicken clear soup. It is just one step process that
is different from the veggie version so thought of sharing it here in the same
post.

Some times I am left with lots of veggies at the end of the week and don't
know what to do. Then I resort to this awesome way of using up all of them at
one time.

Wow! the clear soup tastes awesome when served piping hot with some
**noodles** or **fried rice** on the side. My kids usually love dumping their
noodles in the soup and add some pepper and dried herbs.

You can flavor up with whatever you like but the basic clear soup is made and
served as is plain without any spices.

## What vegetables to put in clear soup?

Clear soup is usually made with veggies like carrots, french beans, mushrooms,
cabbage, bok choy, cauliflower, broccoli, yellow onion, celery stalks & sweet
corn.

### How is clear soup made?

  * Simmer all the veggies in water and strain the vegetable stock.
  * Saute garlic, ginger and some more veggies in oil. Then pour the vegetable stock and simmer for a while.
  * Season with salt and serve.

More Soup recipes,  
 **Vegetable soup  
Manchow soup  
Tomato soup  
Sweet corn soup**  
 **Chicken soup**

Advertisement

## How to Make Clear Soup (Stepwise Photos)

### Prepare Veggie Stock

You can use any amount of vegetables to make this clear soup but a well
balanced quantities will yield you a delicious soup. Avoid using too much of
cabbage in this as it will leave an off flavor to the soup.

1\. Add 1 large yellow cubed onion. Avoid using red onions as the flavor will
be different.

2\. Add 1 cup celery stalks.

3\. Add 10 French beans and 2 medium sized carrots.

4\. Next add half medium cabbage and 1 to 2 celery stalks with leaves or
coriander leaves.

5\. Pour water just enough to cover the veggies. I used 2.5 cups water.

Advertisement

6\. Cover and simmer until the veggies turn soft.

7\. The veggies must turn mushy and flavorless.

8\. Strain them to a large bowl

Advertisement

9\. If you don't intend to eat the veggies then mash them well. I get about
half a cup of stock from this.

10\. This was the veggie stock I got.

### Make Clear Soup

11\. Add 1 tbsp oil and saute 1 teaspoon each of chopped ginger & garlic for a
minute. If you prefer to make it without oil then just skip the oil. Pour the
stock, ginger & garlic and the veggies. Simmer until they are slightly tender.

12\. Then add mushrooms and saute well until a nice aroma comes out. You can
also skip mushrooms here and **just add some carrots, beans, sweet corn and
peas.**

13\. Pour the veggie stock.

Advertisement

14\. Simmer and boil until the mushrooms are done to your liking. Then add the
spring onion greens. Add some salt if you prefer. Some restaurants serve it
with soya sauce.

Serve clear soup hot with some fried noodles or fried rice. You can also
simply add some boiled noodles to the soup and have.

## Pro Tips

  * You can skip using oil in the recipe. Add garlic, ginger and mushrooms to the soup after straining and boil until the mushrooms are done.
  * I discard the strained veggies as they become tasteless. However you can also season and eat them on the side as they are fiber rich. 
  * Use the organic veggies to make the clear soup and not the vegetable stock as the veggies are discarded. I always prefer to use the organic vegetables at the final step. This time I had only organic mushrooms so I sauteed and left them in the soup.
  * You can replace mushrooms with mixed veggies.

 **Related Recipes**

### Manchow Soup Reci...

### Vegetable Soup Re...

### Tomato soup recip...

### Sweet Corn Soup

### Chicken Soup

### Pasta soup recipe...

## Recipe Card

Advertisement

## Clear Soup Recipe With Vegetables

Clear soup is a soup made by simmering veggies or meat in a liquid until it
turns flavorful. This vegetable clear soup is comforting, easy to make and
tastes delicious.

Pin Recipe Print Recipe

1x2x3x

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

For best results follow the step-by-step photos above the recipe card

Prep Time10 minutes

Cook Time50 minutes

Servings3

AuthorSwasthi

### Ingredients (US cup = 240ml )

  * ▢ 1 large yellow onion (avoid red onion)
  * ▢ 1 cup celery stalks ( you can also add more) chopped
  * ▢ 2 carrots diced or cubed (can add more)
  * ▢ 10 french beans (lesser if also fine) 
  * ▢ ½ cabbage diced 
  * ▢ 1 to 2 stalks celery leaves or coriander leaves
  * ▢ 1½ cup mushrooms sliced (or ½ cup mixed veggies or broccoli )
  * ▢ 8 florets cauliflower (optional)

#### Optional

  * ▢ 1 tsp garlic chopped
  * ▢ 1 tsp ginger chopped
  * ▢ 1 tbsp oil
  * ▢ 1 stalk spring onion greens or scallions
  * ▢ ½ tsp crushed pepper or ground pepper

Advertisement

### Instructions

#### Preparation (make vegetable stock)

  * ▢

Add all the veggies except mushrooms & spring onions to a large pot.

  * ▢

Pour water just enough to immerse them. I used 2½ cups of water.

  * ▢

Cover and simmer on a low flame until the veggies wilt off completely and turn
flavorless.

  * ▢

Place a strainer over a large pot and strain the veggies.

  * ▢

**If you intend to eat the veggies then skip this step.** Mash the veggies
well & leave in the strainer for 20 mins. You will get about half cup soup.

#### How to Make Clear Soup

  * ▢

Heat the same pan with oil.

  * ▢

Saute ginger and garlic for a minute.

  * ▢

Then add the mushrooms and saute well until they begin to smell good.

  * ▢

Pour the strained clear soup to this and simmer until the mushrooms are done
to your liking.

  * ▢

If desired add some salt to taste. You can also serve the veggies on the side
if you desire.

#### To make Chicken Clear Soup

  * ▢

Add 250 grams bone-in chicken along with veggies & 3 cups water to the pot.

  * ▢

Cook until the chicken falls off the bone.

  * ▢

Remove the chicken aside and then strain the clear soup.

  * ▢

Shred the chicken and set aside.

  * ▢

Heat oil and saute ginger garlic until aromatic.

  * ▢

Saute the shredded chicken and pour the clear soup. You can also saute
mushrooms first and then add chicken.

  * ▢

Let the soup come to a boil to bring out the flavors of ginger and garlic.

  * ▢

Add spring onion greens and season with salt.

Advertisement

### Notes

Usually clear soup does not have any spices or seasoning. But we usually add
chilli flakes or pepper and fresh lemon juice.

Alternative quantities provided in the recipe card are for 1x only, original
recipe.

For best results follow my detailed step-by-step photo instructions and tips
above the recipe card.

### Video

### NUTRITION INFO (estimation only)

Nutrition Facts

Clear Soup Recipe With Vegetables

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 141 Calories from Fat 45

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 5g **8%**

Saturated Fat 1g **6%**

 **Sodium** 89mg **4%**

 **Potassium** 739mg **21%**

 **Carbohydrates** 22g **7%**

Fiber 7g **29%**

Sugar 11g **12%**

 **Protein** 5g **10%**

**Vitamin A** 7260IU **145%**

 **Vitamin C** 68.1mg **83%**

 **Calcium** 106mg **11%**

 **Iron** 1.4mg **8%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Tried this recipe?Mention @SwasthisRecipes or tag #swasthisrecipes!

(C) Swasthi's Recipes

__WhatsApp

 __Share 262

 __Pin 831

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

1K Shares

**FOR MORE RECIPES**

Please leave this field empty

Enter & Confirm eMail ID for Swasthi's Recipes Newsletter *

Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.

  

Advertisement

## Post navigation

Previous Previous

Chicken kebab recipe | Chicken kabab recipe

NextContinue

Methi chutney

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

12 Comments

__Inline Feedbacks

View all comments

Suhasini

  
Turned out really well. Thankyou for the superb recipe.

Reply

Advertisement

Mera Naosp

  
hi me no englash me no like theois so byae i sae no mater two replaye ok

Reply

Pete R.

  
Love it. This was a savior for me on my clear liquid diet for a procedure.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Pete R.

Glad to know!  
Thank you!

Reply

Stephanie Fincher

Wonderful recipe but I wish there was a way to print it.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Stephanie Fincher

Thank you!  
Please use the print option from the browser menu.

Reply

Rizwana

Hello sawasthi  
What is the substitute for celery stalks..french beans and yellow onion? I
stay where i dnt get these vegies

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Rizwana

Hello Rizwana  
You can use any veggies you have. Celery is used here for flavor. You can just
skip it or use chinese cabbage (napa cabbage). I have used yellow onion as it
lends sweeter tones. You can use shallots in place of onions. You can
customize the recipe with any veggies you have but the flavors and taste will
depend on what you use.

Reply

Devi

  
Thank you so much for the clear soup recipe. Now I know what to do with the
left over vegetables on the weekend. Will surely try this recipe

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Devi

Thank you so much Devi

Reply

Shamanth

  
It will useful this rainy season, I will definitely try it

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Shamanth

Yes do try it. Thanks for rating the recipe.

Reply

Advertisement

Advertisement

(C) 2022 Swasthi's Recipes

Insert

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Popular RecipesExpand child menuExpand

    * Matar Paneer
    * Butter Chicken
    * Chana Masala
    * Dal Makhani
    * Gobi Manchurian
    * Chicken Tikka Masala
  * SocialExpand child menuExpand

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Twitter
    * Pinterest
    * Youtube

Toggle Menu Close

Search for:

Search

