https://www.whiskaffair.com/clear-chicken-soup/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * Indian Recipes
  * Meal Type
    * Salads
    * Soups
    * Appetizers
    * Main Course
    * Desserts
  * My Cookbook
  * Subscribe
  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * Indian Recipes
  * My Cookbook

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

×

Whisk Affair » Recipes » Meal Type » Soups » Chicken Clear Soup

Published: Dec 3, 2020 | Last Updated On: Dec 3, 2020 by Neha Mathur

# Chicken Clear Soup

1595 shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe

Light, hearty and delicious, Chicken Clear Soup is super easy to make at home.
It is made using simple ingredients and comes together in **_under 30
minutes_**. This soul-soothing soup is gluten-free and low carb too.

Want some delicious Soup Recipes for your dinner meals, then you have to try
these – Tom Kha Soup, Cream of Mushroom Soup, Chinese Hot and Sour Soup,
Tomato Basil Soup, Egg Drop Soup, Instant Pot Taco Soup, and Healthy Carrot
Ginger Soup.

Jump to:

  * About This Recipe
  * Ingredients
  * How to make Clear Chicken Soup?
  * Frequently Asked Questions
  * Pro Tips By Neha
  * Serving Suggestions
  * Storage Suggestions
  * You might also like
  * Recipe Card

## About This Recipe

Soup is something that comforts me instantly, when I am feeling sick or not in
my best form. That’s when a simple meal of soup such as this Chicken Clear
Soup **_recharges_** me and helps me in walking extra miles.

Made using simple ingredients and in under 30 minutes, this clear soup is
**_light, healthy, delicious, and soul-soothing_**. It’s gluten-free and low
carb too.

Clear Soup is basically a **_rich flavored clear broth_** made using any meat,
veggies, spices, herbs, and other flavorings. The ingredients are simmered for
a long time resulting in deep rich flavors. It is great to serve if you have a
cold or fever.

This Chinese style Clear Soup right here is just perfect, as it is neither too
heavy on the stomach nor it is too light. It is both **_filling and
wholesome_**. You just need some simple ingredients such as Chicken, Onion,
Garlic, Bay Leaf, some Whole Spices, Salt, Pepper, ** __** and you are sorted.

**_This Clear Soup is,_**

  * Comforting
  * Protein-rich
  * Gluten-free
  * Delicious
  * Easy to make
  * Perfect for Winters

## Ingredients

**_Chicken_** – Get fresh chicken from the market to make this soup. Opt for
chicken with bones as the bones release juice which makes this clear soup even
more delicious.

**_Carrot_** – Love the flavor carrots give to the clear soup. You can also
add some chopped celery.

**_Onion & Garlic _**– These two are the main ingredients of this soup,
especially garlic. These two ingredients add up so much flavor, that no other
ingredient can do. Also, go for freshly peeled garlic for the best flavor.

**_Others_** – Now, to season it a little bit we will add in bay leaf, thyme,
salt, and pepper. Let’s keep it simple.

Also, I like to add freshly cracked black pepper as it tastes far better than
the black pepper powder.

## How to make Clear Chicken Soup?

Wash 300 g of bone-in chicken well with water. It’s good to use chicken with
bones to make clear soup as the bones add a lot of flavors. In case bone-in
chicken is not available, use 200 g of boneless chicken instead. Add the
washed chicken to a pressure cooker along with ¼ cup chopped onion, 3-4 cloves
of garlic (smashed), ¼ cup of chopped carrot, 2 bay leaves, 2-3 sprigs of
thyme, and 4 cups of water.

Add salt to taste and ¼ teaspoon of freshly cracked black pepper and pressure
cook for one whistle on high heat.

Simmer the heat to low and cook for 10-12 minutes on low heat.

Remove the pressure cooker from heat. Let the pressure release naturally and
then open the lid of the cooker.

Strain the soup using a soup strainer.

Take out the chicken pieces and shred them into small pieces discarding the
bones.

Add few shredded pieces in each serving bowl and pour the clear soup on top.

Garnish with spring onion greens. Serve hot.

## Frequently Asked Questions

**How to make it with Vegetables?**

Making Vegetable Clear Soup is an easy process. Heat a heavy-bottomed pan, add
a teaspoon of cooking oil. Add garlic, ginger and saute for a minute. Now add
in the chopped veggies and saute them for 1 to 2 minutes.  
  
Add water, salt, and black pepper powder and let it simmer till the vegetables
are cooked and teh stock is flavorful. You can even use vegetable stock
instead of water for more flavor. Strain the vegetables and your clear
vegetable soup is ready to serve.  
  
You can use vegetables such as carrots, celery, green onions, mushrooms,
capsicum, corn, cabbage, etc.

**How to make Mexican version?**

If you want to make a Mexican version of the same, you can add in tomatoes
once the chicken is almost cooked and simmer for 5 minutes more.  
  
Also, season it with taco seasoning along with salt and pepper. Once the soup
is done, top it up with cheddar cheese and tortilla chips.

**How to make Thai Version?**

To make the Thai version, add chicken, water, and salt in a pan and let it
come to a boil. Now, add in garlic, ginger, green onions, cilantro,
lemongrass, and lime zest. Let it simmer for about 3o minutes.  
  
Once the chicken is cooked, take it out and shred it. Simmer the mixture for
15 minutes more. Now strain the soup and add shredded chicken and let it cook
for 5 minutes more. Now add in some fish sauce, fresh red chilies, lime juice,
and serve hot.

**Can we add Egg in this?**

Yes, you can just break the egg and drop in the soup while cooking the
chicken. Mix so that it forms egg scrambles in the soup properly.

**What to do with leftover shredded chicken?**

If you end up with some shredded chicken after serving the clear chicken soup,
you can use it to make sandwiches, wraps or burritos. Just use like like your
would use boiled shredded chicken in any of your recipes.

## Pro Tips By Neha

If you don’t have a pressure cooker, you can **_make the soup in a pan_**. Add
1 cup of extra water. Cover the pan with a tight-fitting lid and cook for
20-25 minutes until the chicken is tender. Follow the rest of the recipe as
mentioned.

If making in an **_instant pot_** , reduce the quantity of water to 3 and ½
cups. Pressure cook on high for 10 minutes followed by a quick pressure
release. Follow rest of the recipe as mentioned.

You can add more **_vegetables_** like beans, potatoes, celery, etc along with
Chicken to make it even more nutritious and wholesome.

Want to make it more filling for your meals? Then add in some **_boiled
noodles, chicken/veg dim sum_** in the clear soup.

You can also experiment with the **_seasonings._** You can add herbs like
fresh parsley or rosemary too.

Make sure you **_do not overcook_** the chicken, otherwise it won’t shred
well.

You can also add **_finely chopped chicken pieces_** instead of shredded
chicken in the soup.

## Serving Suggestions

You can serve Clear Chicken Soup on its own for a **_light dinner_** or maybe
along with some hot steamed momos, fried rice, Hakka noodles, or dim sums. I
like to add some boiled noodles or rice to it for a filling meal.

Serve it as starter for your Indo Asian meals or even for your house parties.

Top the soup with sliced scallions before serving.

## Storage Suggestions

Clear Chicken Soup stays good for **_3 to 4 days_**. In fact, its flavor
improves after a few days of making. Just store it in an airtight container in
the refrigerator.

To further extend the shelf life of the soup, you can freeze it too. Cool it
completely and store properly in freezer-safe containers or heavy-duty freezer
bags and it can stay good for **_1-2 months_**. Thaw before using, heat well,
and serve.

## You might also like

  * Thai Pumpkin Curry Soup

  * Healthy Carrot Ginger Soup

  * Instant Pot Tomato Soup

  * Tomato Basil Soup

## Recipe Card

Loved this recipe?Click here to leave a review and give us a five star rating
★★★★★

## Chicken Clear Soup Recipe

Light, hearty and delicious, Chicken Clear Soup is super easy to make at home.
It is made using simple ingredients and comes together in _**under 30
minutes**_. This soul-soothing soup is gluten-free and low carb too.

4.2 from 40 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Soup

Cuisine: Continental

Prep Time: 5 minutes

Cook Time: 20 minutes

Total Time: 25 minutes

Servings: 4 people

Calories: 172kcal

Author: Neha Mathur

### Ingredients

1x2x3x

  * ▢ 300 grams chicken with bones
  * ▢ ¼ cup chopped onion 
  * ▢ 3-4 whole garlic cloves (smashed)
  * ▢ ¼ cup chopped carrot
  * ▢ 2 bay leaves
  * ▢ 2-3 sprigs thyme
  * ▢ 4 cups water 
  * ▢ salt to taste
  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon freshly cracked black pepper

US Customary or Metric

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Instructions

  * Wash 300 g of bone-in chicken well with water. It’s good to use chicken with bones to make the soup as the bones add a lot of flavors. In case bone-in chicken is not available, use 200 g of boneless chicken instead. Add the washed chicken to a pressure cooker along with ¼ cup chopped onion, 3-4 cloves of garlic (smashed), ¼ cup of chopped carrot, 2 bay leaves, 2-3 sprigs of thyme, and 4 cups of water.

  * Add salt to taste and ¼ teaspoon of freshly cracked black pepper and pressure cook for one whistle on high heat.

  * Simmer the heat to low and cook for 10-12 minutes on low heat.

  * Remove the pressure cooker from heat. Let the pressure release naturally and then open the lid of the cooker.

  * Strain the soup using a soup strainer.

  * Take out the chicken pieces and shred them into small pieces discarding the bones.

  * Add few shredded pieces in each serving bowl and pour the clear soup on top.

  * Garnish with spring onion greens. Serve hot.

### Notes

If you don’t have a pressure cooker, you can **_make the soup in a pan_**. Add
1 cup of extra water. Cover the pan with a tight-fitting lid and cook for
20-25 minutes until the chicken is tender. Follow the rest of the recipe as
mentioned.

If making in an **_instant pot_** , reduce the quantity of water to 3 and ½
cups. Pressure cook on high for 10 minutes followed by a quick pressure
release. Follow rest of the recipe as mentioned.

You can add more **_vegetables_** like beans, potatoes, celery, etc along with
Chicken to make it even more nutritious and wholesome.

Want to make it more filling for your meals? Then add in some **_boiled
noodles, chicken/veg dim sum_** in the soup.

You can also experiment with the **_seasonings._** You can add herbs like
fresh parsley or rosemary too.

Make sure you **_do not overcook_** the chicken, otherwise it won’t shred
well.

You can also add **_finely chopped chicken pieces_** instead of shredded
chicken in the soup.

### Nutrition

Calories: 172kcal | Carbohydrates: 2g | Protein: 14g | Fat: 11g | Saturated
Fat: 3g | Cholesterol: 56mg | Sodium: 71mg | Potassium: 190mg | Vitamin A:
1465IU | Vitamin C: 3.9mg | Calcium: 22mg | Iron: 0.8mg

Pin this recipe for later use!I LOVE to see your creations so pin and mention
@WhiskAffair!

Sign up for regular updates?I would love to have you as part of my journey.
Click to sign up!

« Instant Pot Steamed Broccoli

Mexican Horchata »

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. ankita suman

August 26, 2016 at 9:44 am

  
Thanks for the recipe…we do not get thyme here….can you please tell me the
substitute of it?  
Thank you.

Reply

    * msnehamathur

August 27, 2016 at 1:53 am

You can use dried Thyme or skip it totally and use some other herbs that you
get locally. It will be perfectly fine.

Reply

  2. Rebekah

October 22, 2018 at 3:57 pm

What can you do if you do not have a pressure cooker?

Reply

    * Neha Mathur

October 31, 2018 at 1:29 pm

You can make it in a pan on slow heat. Add more liquid than mentioned.

Reply

    * Jenifer King

March 08, 2020 at 7:51 am

I have a slow cooker , would this be successful in it ?

Reply

      * Neha Mathur

March 08, 2020 at 3:16 pm

Yes, ofcourse.

Reply

  3. Leanne

November 13, 2018 at 2:12 am

Do you leave the skin on the chicken before cooking it?

Reply

    * Neha Mathur

November 13, 2018 at 3:05 pm

I generally use skinless chicken.

Reply

  4. Kim kukreti

March 10, 2019 at 2:52 am

Here in Dehradun, Thyme and oragano are even not available in big Malls.  
Could Tulsi or Ajwayen leaves be used

Reply

    * Neha Mathur

March 13, 2019 at 4:47 am

You can use coriander instead. i would love to experiment with tulsi and
ajwain flavour also.

Reply

  5. Sonia

July 29, 2019 at 2:21 pm

  
Very tasty and easy to make .

Reply

    * Neha Mathur

July 29, 2019 at 5:36 pm

Thanks

Reply

  6. Ronda

December 09, 2019 at 6:37 am

  
OMG this is so yummy. I had been searching for a good recipe. this is just
like my grandmothers . thank you for putting up

Reply

    * Neha Mathur

December 10, 2019 at 5:04 am

I am glad you liked it.

Reply

  7. Ranvir kumar thakur

January 05, 2020 at 2:46 pm

Tried it. Tasted great. Pls share recipe for authentic Dal Kolhapuri. Thanks

Reply

    * Neha Mathur

January 06, 2020 at 9:12 am

Thanks. Will share soon.

Reply

  8. Michael

April 14, 2020 at 5:00 am

  
It’s easy to cook chicken soup according to your recipe. But very delicious.
Thanks you for your share

Reply

    * Neha Mathur

April 14, 2020 at 7:48 am

Happy that you liked it 🙂

Reply

  9. Roses

May 08, 2020 at 4:31 am

  
This is my second time cooking this dish according to your recipe. I want to
say that it was awesome. Thank you very much!

Reply

    * Neha Mathur

May 09, 2020 at 3:49 am

Happy to hear 🙂

Reply

  10. Natalie

June 26, 2020 at 8:16 pm

Hi!  
I have two ponds of bone in chicken breasts – so I thought o could double the
recipe. And could I add shrimp to the recipe?  
Thanks!

Reply

    * Neha Mathur

June 28, 2020 at 3:50 am

Yes sure, You can double the recipe and add shrimp too.

Reply

      * Vee

July 29, 2020 at 8:22 pm

  
I tried it out. It was yummy and so easy to make.

Reply

        * Neha Mathur

July 31, 2020 at 4:08 am

Thanks

Reply

      * Suvadip Jana

August 11, 2020 at 2:38 am

  
So good

Reply

        * Neha Mathur

August 14, 2020 at 7:45 am

Thanks

Reply

  11. Peshali

June 30, 2022 at 8:56 am

  
Thank you for this recipe.  
I added a potato, a leek and noodles and I used curry leaves instead of bay
leaves and thyme.  
I also added a dash of Worcestershire sauce and chilli oil at the end.  
I’m usually quite bad at making soups but this one came out really well 😅  
Thank you!

Reply

### Did you make this recipe? Let me know! Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Sign me up for the newsletter!

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

### Hey! Nice to meet you

Hi! I'm Neha, Blogger & Recipe Expert behind Whisk Affair. I've nurtured Whisk
Affair since 2012 by trying & testing every recipe published. Be sure that it
will turn out good each time! Read More about me…

### Stay Connected

  *   *   *   *   * 

### My Cookbook

**Buy Now on Amazon**

### Most Popular Recipes

  * Hibachi Fried Rice

  * Lemon Garlic Baked Tilapia

  * Creamy Garlic Parmesan Sauce

  * Lemon Tea

  * Chicken Clear Soup

  * Scrambled Egg Whites

## Footer

* * *

^ back to top

**About**

About Neha

My Cookbook

**Stay Connected**

Sign up! for emails and updates

Contact Me

**Policies**

Privacy Policy

Terms & Conditions

Accessibility Policy

Copyright © 2022 **WhiskAffair Food LLP**

