https://thegastronomicbong.com/chicken-clear-soup-recipe/


__

__

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Vegetarian
    * Meat and Poultry
    * Fish and Seafood
    * Egg
    * Rice Dishes
    * Sweet and Savoury
    * Salads
    * Desserts
    * Bakes
      * Cakes and Cupcakes
      * Cookies
      * Breads and Buns
  * Mentions
  * About Me
  * Contact

Sign up with your email address to be the first to know about new recipes

Leave this field empty if you're human:

__

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Vegetarian
    * Meat and Poultry
    * Fish and Seafood
    * Egg
    * Rice Dishes
    * Sweet and Savoury
    * Salads
    * Desserts
    * Bakes
      * Cakes and Cupcakes
      * Cookies
      * Breads and Buns
  * Mentions
  * About Me
  * Contact
  * Subscribe
  *  __

__

__

# Chicken Clear Soup Recipe

By _Arpita@Gastronomic Bong_ Posted on June 23, 2019 __2

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

**Chicken Clear Soup** is one of the healthiest and simplest recipe ever. This
**_Chicken clear soup_** is made with chicken, lots of vegetables and few
Chinese sauces. It is a baby/kid friendly soup too.

Hello my lovely friends!!

Last few days I was down with cold and flu and was not in my best form. If it
was me before a baby, I would sit or sleep on my bed or couch with my tissues
on one hand and tv remote on the other. Order some spicy takeaway n relax.

But now with a curious little baby and hubby away on work tours, I don't have
the luxury to relax. I needed something that will cure me super soon and keep
me sane. This Chicken Clear soup came to my rescue. Chicken clear soup recipe
really helped me cure super soon. It relaxed my throat, my body and gave me
strength. A bowl full of warmth and comfort.

#### Kid friendly soup

I give this soup to my little one too. Totally kid friendly soup. Healthy and
delicious. Chicken clear soup keeps them hydrated and warm when they are sick
and refuse to eat anything given.

And the fun part is this chicken clear soup can be prepare well under 30
minutes. And is completely hassle free. It can be made with both boneless
chicken or chicken with bones. And vegetables like onions, carrots, beans and
spring onions. You can totally add vegetables of your choice.

Another Healthy Stew or broth recipe that I make quite often for my family is
this

Lamb Bone Broth

I have a vegetarian stew recipe as well which you can try

Paneer and Vegetables Stew

Print Recipe

## Chicken Clear Soup Indo Chinese Style

**Chicken Clear Soup** is one of the healthiest and simplest recipe ever. This
**_chicken clear soup_** is made with chicken, lots of vegetables and few
Chinese sauces.

Prep Time10 mins

Cook Time15 mins

Total Time25 mins

Course: Appetizer, soups

Cuisine: Chinese, Indian, Indo Chinese

Keyword: Chinese chicken clear soup recipe, Chinese chicken soup recipe,
healthy chicken soup recipe

### Equipment

  * large pot /pressure cooker

### Ingredients

  * 200 grams Chicken (with bones or boneless cut into small pieces)
  * 1 small  Onion chopped
  * 1 small  Carrot chopped
  * 10-15 Green beans chopped
  * 2-3 Garlic cloves chopped
  * 1/2 inch Ginger chopped
  * 2-3 Spring onions chopped
  * 1  tbsp Soya sauce (optional)
  * 1 tsp Vinegar (optional)
  * Salt as per taste
  * 1/4 tsp Black peppercorn  freshly cracked
  * 1 tsp Veg oil/Sunflower oil
  * 3-4  cups  Water

### Instructions

  * Heat oil in a large pot or pressure cooker on medium flame, then add chopped ginger and garlic and sauté for 10 seconds.

  * Add the chopped onions and sauté for a minute or until translucent.

  * Toss in the chicken and fry for a minute or until it is no longer pink.

  * Add carrots and beans, salt, pepper along with soya sauce or vinegar if using. mix every thing well.

  * Now add water and bring it to a boil. Then reduce the heat and simmer for 10-15 minutes. (If using pressure cooker cook on medium-low for 10 to 15 minutes).

  * If using chicken with bones then simply take out the chicken from the soup and shred it. Discard the bones and add the shredded chicken back into the soup.

  * Garnish with some spring onion greens and serve it hot.

### Notes

 **If you have tried this recipe, simply click a picture and tag me
@gastronomicbong or #gastronomicbong on Instagram.**

I hope you enjoy this delicious  **Chicken Clear Soup**  as much as we do!

You know what guys I would love to see your wonderful creations. If you have
tried this recipe, simply click a picture and tag me  **@gastronomicbong  **or
**  #gastronomicbong **on  **Instagram**.

**Bon Appetit!!!**

### Sharing is caring:

  * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
  * Click to print (Opens in new window)
  * Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
  * More
  * 

  * Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
  * 

### Like this:

Like Loading...

### _Related_

Share this article

2

  * previously

##### Chicken Hakka Noodles

 __

  * up next

##### Egg Tadka Dal Dhaba Style

 __

## Post navigation

Previous Post __Previous Chicken Hakka Noodles

Next PostNext __ Egg Tadka Dal Dhaba Style

##### You Might Also Like

######  Chocolate Ginger Chia Pudding Popsicle

Posted on August 10, 2020

######  Aloo Bhujia Sev Haldiram Style

Posted on October 22, 2019October 30, 2019

######  Tendli Bhaat Maharashtrian Style

Posted on September 3, 2020

######  Dum Aloo Bengali Style (Alur Dum)

Posted on April 23, 2020April 29, 2020

######  Salmon Macher Tel Jhal (Bengali Salmon Fish Curry)

Posted on July 12, 2019August 23, 2021

######  Aloo Matar Paneer

Posted on May 27, 2014June 18, 2019

### What do you think? Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Sign me up for the newsletter!

Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

Notify me of new posts by email.

Δ

#####  2 Comments

  * ###### Chicken Clear Soup Recipe - Clear Chicken Soup Recipe - Whiskaffair

January 19, 2021

[…] 7. Chicken Clear Soup Recipe: How to make clear soup … […]

  * ###### Chicken Clear Soup Recipe - CookCrews.com

July 16, 2022

[…] Chicken Clear Soup Indo Chinese Style […]

### Hello Everyone!!

Welcome to Gastronomic Bong, my humble abode: A food blog with many simple and
delicious Indian & international recipes. I am Arpita, the recipe developer
and food photographer of this food blog.

Know more about me

#### Search the site

__

#### Recent News Slideshow

#### Phulkopir Singara Recipe

Posted on November 22, 2021

#### Moong Dal Halwa

Posted on November 2, 2021November 11, 2021

#### Narkel Naru Recipe (Coconut Ladoo)

Posted on October 26, 2021November 11, 2021

#### Bandhakopir Tarkari (Bengali dry Cabbage Curry)

Posted on October 22, 2021

#### Tutti Frutti Cake Rusk

Posted on October 19, 2021

#### FOLLOW ME ON

#### Recipes By Categories

Recipes By Categories Select Category About Me Bakes    Breads and Buns
Cakes and Cupcakes    Cookies Breakfast Deserts Dinner Home Lunch Recipes
Chicken Recipes    Condiments    Drinks    Egg Recipes    Fish and Seafood
Ice Cream/ Frozen Desserts    Meat and Poultry    Rice DIshes    Salads
Sweet and Savoury    Vegetarian Recipes Small Bites Soups Uncategorized

#### Archives

Archives Select Month November 2021  October 2021  August 2021  July 2021
June 2021  May 2021  April 2021  March 2021  February 2021  January 2021
December 2020  November 2020  October 2020  September 2020  August 2020  July
2020  June 2020  May 2020  April 2020  March 2020  February 2020  January 2020
December 2019  November 2019  October 2019  September 2019  August 2019  July
2019  June 2019  May 2019  April 2019  March 2019  February 2019  January 2019
December 2018  November 2018  October 2018  September 2018  September 2015
August 2015  July 2015  June 2015  February 2015  December 2014  November 2014
October 2014  September 2014  August 2014  July 2014  June 2014  May 2014

#### Follow me on Bloglovin

Follow

#### Follow me on

#### Popular posts

  * Popular Recipes

Copyrights (C) 2021 Gastronomic Bong. All Rights Reserved.

__

This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok
with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPT

Privacy & Cookies Policy

Close

#### Privacy Overview

This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate
through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as
necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of
basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that
help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be
stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to
opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an
effect on your browsing experience.

Necessary

Necessary

Always Enabled

Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function
properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic
functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not
store any personal information.

Non-necessary

Non-necessary

Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function
and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads,
other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory
to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.

SAVE & ACCEPT

Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel

Post was not sent - check your email addresses!

Email check failed, please try again

Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.



##

##

Loading Comments...



Write a Comment...

Email (Required) Name (Required) Website

###

%d bloggers like this:

