https://www.spicypunch.com/chicken-clear-soup/


Skip to content

Menu

Menu

  * Home
  * About Us
  * Contact

# Healthy and delicious chicken clear soup recipe

June 14, 2022July 30, 2021 by Moumita Paul

Healthy and delicious chicken clear soup recipe with step by step pics.
Chicken clear soup is easy to make, gluten-free, no-carb added soup comforting
for chilled winter days or a weight loss diet.

This chicken clear soup is made of chicken and vegetables cooked in their own
broth flavoured with ginger, garlic and onion. Though this soup can be made
with or without vegetables so veggies are not mandatory for this recipe.
However, vegetables are not only healthy but also make them flavourful too.

The chicken clear soup is one of the best soup recipes for 6 reasons. 1.
chicken, a good source of protein 2. vegetables, packed with lots of vitamins
3. no oil is used not even a single drop 4. except pepper and green chilli,
neither any spices nor any sauce used in this recipe 5. even starch is not
used so it is totally gluten-free too. 6. healthy yet mouth-watering. Even its
clear texture makes it completely different from other soups.

Generally, when I lose my appetite or don't feel well, I love to choose soup
at dinner to get my appetite back. Even I make it to energy myself after a
day-long work, to soothe the throat while having a cold and cough or just want
to have a low carb diet.

This chicken soup is best accompanied by bread toast or momos. However, you
may have it by adding boiled noodles to make it a healthy one-pot meal. Even
when my kid was so young I often prepare this clear soup to feed him by mixing
it up with mashed rice.

So if you are searching for a simply delicious, easy to make, healthy chicken
soup recipe then you are in the right place. This chicken clear soup is
perfect to relish on a chilling winter night or after a day-long heavy rain.

Even you may try my other soups recipes too, like **Creamy Basil Chicken
Soup** and **Healthy Sweet Corn Soup**.

## Healthy and delicious chicken clear soup recipe

Chicken clear soup is a healthy yet simply delicious recipe made with chicken
and assorted vegetables cooked in their own flavourful broth.

### Ingredients

  * 250 gms chicken breast/boneless pieces
  * 1 onion
  * 2 spring onion bulbs(optional)
  * 4 garlic cloves
  * 1/2 inch ginger
  * 1 green chilli
  * A small carrot
  * 6-8 beans
  * 3/4 tsp pepper
  * 3 1/2 cups of water
  * a handful of chopped spring onion
  * salt(as per taste)

Prep time: 5 mins

Cooking time: 35 mins

Total time: 40 mins

Served for: 3-4 people

Cuisine: Indian

Course: Main course

Author: Moumita Paul

## How to make chicken clear soup with step by step pictures

### Instruction

  * Take 250 gms chicken breast or boneless chicken pieces, clean it up and wash it thoroughly. 

  * Peel out ginger, garlic, onion and spring onion bulbs. Cut the onion in halves, ginger in slices, little crush the garlic and onion bulbs. Finely slice a green chilli.

  * Take a pressure cooker, add chicken, onion, ginger, garlic, spring onion bulbs and green chilli in it with 2 and 1/4 cups of water. Add 1/2 a tsp salt to it.
  * Keep the pressure cooker in high flame and allow it to make 3-4 whistles. Turn off the heat but don’t remove the pressure until it releases automatically.

  * In the meantime, grate the carrot and finely chopped the beans and keep it aside.

  * When the cooker releases its pressure, strain out the chicken and separate its broth. Cut the chicken into small pieces and keep it aside.

  * Take the broth in a pan and add 1 cup of water. Then add grated carrot and beans in it and heat up the pan on medium flame by covering it with a lid. Once the veggies started boiling, a huge froth will appear on its top, remove it gently.

  * Once the veggies are cooked then add the chicken pieces to it. Add half a teaspoon of salt, 3/4 tsp of pepper(as per taste) and 1/4 cup of water. Let it boil for 4-5 mins more.

  * Chicken clear soup is ready, serve it hot with a sprinkle of spring onion.

### Tips

  * Use salt and pepper as per your taste. I used white pepper for perfection but you may use black pepper too. 
  * You may add a little more water as per your requirement.
  * You may increase the quantity of all ingredients proportionately for making its more portions.
  * Though you may store it in the refrigerator for 2-3 days, however, I prefer to serve it fresh.

## Frequently asked question

 **How can I boil the vegetables with chicken in the pressure cooker?**  

For boiling it together in the pressure cooker, you need to cut the vegetables
into big pieces instead of chopping. Otherwise, after boiling, it would be
difficult to separate the veggies.

 **How to make this recipe in a pan?**

First, boil the chicken in a pan with ginger, garlic, onion and 2 and 1/4 cups
of water same as I did in this recipe. Cover the pan with a tight lid. When
the chicken is cooked then separate the broth and cook the vegetables in it as
just I describe in the last part of this recipe.

 **How can I use mushrooms in this recipe?**

You also can add mushrooms to this recipe. However, then you need to sauté the
mushrooms in a little oil until their raw smell goes off. Otherwise, its raw
flavour may overpower the soup and spoil the taste.

 **Can I use coriander leaves instead of spring onion?  **

Yes, you can do it if you love the flavour of coriander, but do not use it too
much as that may also spoil the original flavour and taste of this dish.

 **Can I use corn in this soup?  **

Yes, you can, just use boiled sweet corn kernels or boiled baby corn.

 **Can I use chicken with bone?**

Yes, you may use chicken with bone pieces too. Then you need to separate the
bones after boiling. Though chicken breast or boneless chicken pieces are
mostly used in soups. However, soups pieces actually mean those leftover meat
adjacents to bones after separating the boneless meat.

Summary

Recipe Name

chicken clear soup recipe

Author Name

Moumita Paul

Published On

2021-07-30

Preparation Time

5M

Cook Time

35M

Total Time

40M

### Related posts:

  1. Easy cream of chicken soup recipe | Cream of basil chicken soup recipe 
  2. Healthy chicken stew recipe - how to make chicken stew 
  3. Easy samosa recipe with aloo detailed step by step pics 
  4. Crispy chicken lollipop recipe | how to make chicken lollipop at home step by step 

Categories Recipes, Snacks & Appetizers, Soup recipes Tags chicken soup
recipes, healthy soup recipes Post navigation

How to make chicken steamed momos recipe step by step

Bengali ghugni recipe | how to make bengali motor korai ghugni

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Comment

Name Email Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

## Moumita Paul

Hi, I'm Moumita, a Food Blogger & Recipe Creator behind SpicyPunch. Started my
blogging journey from the end of 2017 with publishing delicious recipes
created in my kitchen. More than professional I'm passionate about cooking. My
mom is my inspiration & my teacher in cooking, learnt a lot from her. Love to
create wonderful recipes to make my closed ones happy.

## Search

Search for:

## Recipe By Category

  * Bengal Specialities (78)
  * Beverages / Drinks (7)
  * Breakfast recipes (6)
  * Cakes/Cupcakes (4)
  * Chicken recipes (9)
  * Chutney recipes (4)
  * Condiments (6)
  * Dal recipes (3)
  * Desserts/Sweets (32)
  * Fish recipes (15)
  * Ice cream/Kulfi (3)
  * Main course (67)
  * Mutton recipes (11)
  * Prawn recipes (5)
  * Recipes (169)
  * Rice recipes (10)
  * Sauce recipes (2)
  * Snacks & Appetizers (35)
  * Soup recipes (4)
  * Veg recipes (12)
  * World cuisine (23)

Hyderabadi biryani recipe with chicken in one pot -step by step

Hyderabadi chicken biryani most delicious Indian biryani with long grain
basmati rice, soft juicy murgh, a mixed punch of saffron-ghee, & Hyderabadi
biryani masala with easy step-by-step pictures

By Moumita Paul

On Aug 5, 2022

Easy Mango Ice Cream Recipe - step by step

A very delicious & creamy mango ice cream recipe prepared just in 30 mins with
milk, whipping cream & mango pulp, easy to make at home with simple step-by-
step detailed pictures.

By Moumita Paul

On May 20, 2022

দুর্দান্ত স্বাদের পমফ্রেট মাছের রেসিপি(Pomfret macher recipe in bengali)

পমফ্রেট মাছের রেসিপি(Pomfret macher recipe in bengali) দুর্দান্ত স্বাদের ঝাল
ঝাল এই পমফ্রেট মাছের রেসিপি, অতি সাধারণ উপকরণ দিয়ে সহজেই বাড়িতে বানিয়ে ফেলুন.

By Moumita Paul

On May 16, 2022

কলকাতা চিকেন বিরিয়ানি রেসিপি - Kolkata chicken biryani recipe in bengali

কলকাতা চিকেন বিরিয়ানি - Kolkata chicken biryani recipe in bengali- কলকাতা'র
আরসালান রেস্টুরেন্ট স্টাইল দুর্দান্ত স্বাদের এই চিকেন বিরিয়ানি, এই রেসিপিটি
ফলো করে বাড়িতে খুব সহজেই বানিয়ে খেতে পারেন.

By Moumita Paul

On May 12, 2022

স্ট্রিট স্টাইল ভেজ মোমো রেসিপি - Veg momo recipe in bengali

ভেজ মোমো - Veg momo recipe in Bengali নরম তুলতুলে অত্যন্ত সুস্বাদু ভেজ মোমো'র
রেসিপি(কলকাতা স্ট্রিট সাইড মোমো ষ্টল স্টাইল) তাও বাংলায়, বাড়িতে সহজেই বানিয়ে
ফেলুন আর ঝাল মোমো চাটনি'র সাথে পরিবেশন করুন.

By Moumita Paul

On May 9, 2022

Mango Lassi recipe - street style Mango yogurt drink

A very delicious & creamy mango lassi recipe with street style lassi shop's
taste prepared just in 10 mins, easy to make at home with simple step-by-step
detail with pictures.

By Moumita Paul

On May 5, 2022

চিকেন স্টু রেসিপি(in bengali) - মাত্র ৩০ মিনিটে

চিকেন স্টু রেসিপি((Chicken stew recipe in bengali) মাত্র ৩০ মিনিটে প্রেসার
কুকার এ দোকানের মতন অতন্ত্য সুস্বাদু এবং খুবই স্বাস্থ্যকর চিকেন স্টু সহজেই
বাড়িতে বানিয়ে ফেলুন.

By Moumita Paul

On May 2, 2022

স্ট্রিট স্টাইল চিকেন মোমো রেসিপি(chicken momo recipe in bengali)

চিকেন মোমো রেসিপি(chicken momo recipe in bengali) তেল ছাড়া সামান্য মসলাযুক্ত
নরম, তুলতুলে, রসালো স্ট্রিট স্টাইল অপূর্ব স্বাদের চিকেন মোমো রেসিপি, বাড়িতে
বানিয়ে ঝাল মোমো চাটনি দিয়ে পরিবেশন করুন.

By Moumita Paul

On Apr 30, 2022

View all stories

(C) 2022  • Built with GeneratePress

Hyderabadi biryani recipe with chicken in one pot -step by step Easy Mango Ice
Cream Recipe - step by step দুর্দান্ত স্বাদের পমফ্রেট মাছের রেসিপি(Pomfret
macher recipe in bengali) কলকাতা চিকেন বিরিয়ানি রেসিপি - Kolkata chicken
biryani recipe in bengali স্ট্রিট স্টাইল ভেজ মোমো রেসিপি - Veg momo recipe in
bengali Mango Lassi recipe - street style Mango yogurt drink চিকেন স্টু
রেসিপি(in bengali) - মাত্র ৩০ মিনিটে স্ট্রিট স্টাইল চিকেন মোমো রেসিপি(chicken
momo recipe in bengali)

