https://jyokitchen.com/2018/11/29/pan-fried-momo-with-schezwan-sauce-sizzler-momo/


  * Twitter
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Zomato

Skip to content

FOODFRENZY-JYOKITCHEN

ANYBODY CAN COOK

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Breakfast
    * Salads
    * Non-Vegetarian Dishes
    * Biryani And Pulao
    * Indo Chinese
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Pizza
    * Parathas
    * Raita
    * Chutneys
    * Desserts And Sweets
    * Snacks
    * Drinks
  * Travelogue
  * About
  * Contact

November 29, 2018 Snacks

# Pan Fried Momo With Schezwan Sauce |Sizzler Momo

Posted by  Jyoti Rao

Tell me you love momo and we are already friends. 😉 In a country where people
are fond of Samosa-Kachori-Chaat for the evening snack, momo has earned and
secured a good place in people's heart.

There is literally nothing which can replace a plate of steaming hot momo with
spicy chutney. N-O-T-H-I-N-G! Nowadays momo is so popular that people invent
their own momo recipe with various kind of fillings. You name it, and it is
there already. It is THAT POPULAR.

**Other related recipes-** Whole Wheat Chicken Momo, Veg Momo, Pan Fried Momo,
Momo Chutney

A delicious twist on the regular style of serving momo. These momos are first
steamed and then sauteed in schezwan sauce, frying momos in schezwan make
these momos mouth-watering and fiery hot n spicy evening snack. As schezwan
Chutney is hot so this pan-fried momo will be hot too. 😉 I suggest you adjust
the heat that suits your palates.

Cold weather and a plate of steaming hot momo in your hand, what else you do
want? 😉

Winter is here and it's time to take out the sizzler plate from the cabinet.
The sound of sizzler can make anyone drool and tempt them to turn their face
and also that will have your taste buds sizzling. There is no single way of
preparing sizzler. Anything served on a sizzler plate looks fancy and
impressive. Preparing sizzler is an easy task sometimes. All you need to
prepare is a dish and then serve it on a hot sizzler plate.

For this recipe, make schezwan chutney or momo chutney at home as that way you
can control the level of heat by increasing or decreasing the number of red
chilies. Just in case you did not get the time to prepare at home then grab
one from the store. Schezwan Chutney from Ching's brand is my favorite. The
perfect texture with awesome taste.

_Serves 2_

**Ingredients:**

  * 10-12 Chicken Momo or Veg Momo
  * ¼ Cup spring onions, chopped
  * 2 Tsp garlic, finely chopped
  * ¼ Cup schezwan sauce/chutney or as desired
  * ¼-½ Tsp red chili powder (optional)
  * 1 Tbsp cooking oil
  * Salt as required
  * 2 Tbsp chopped spring onion for garnishing

Learn Step By Step Recipe With Pictures For **Pan Fried Chicken Momo With
Schezwan Sauce**

**Recipe:**

**Step 1-** Heat oil in a pan, sizzle chopped garlic until aromatic and then
saute the chopped spring onions for a minute on medium flame

**Step 2-** Add the schezwan chutney, red chili powder, and required salt to
the pan. Mix well and cook for a minute

**Step 3-** Add the cooked momos and gently mix and coat well with the sauce.
Garnish with more spring onions

**Step 4-** Heat a sizzler plate on the gas stove until it's really hot.
Grease with oil and place the pan fried momo. Garnish with more schezwan
chutney and serve sizzling hot with noodles

### Share this:

  * WhatsApp
  *   * Tweet
  *   *   * Email
  * Print
  * More
  * 

  *   * Share on Tumblr
  *   * 

### Like this:

Like Loading...

### _Related_

chicken momoMomoPan Fried MomoSchezwan Chutney Momoveg momo

## Post navigation

Previous Post

### Banjara Mutton Curry | Rajasthani Banjara Gosht

Next Post

### Mini Aloo Kulcha With Whole Wheat Flour | Mini Aloo Kulcha

##  8 comments

  1. **Kurian** says:

November 29, 2018 at 3:04 am

Thank you Jyoti

LikeLike

Reply

  2. **mistimaan** says:

November 29, 2018 at 6:01 am

So tasty

LikeLike

Reply

    1. **Jyoti Rao** says:

November 29, 2018 at 7:38 pm

Thanks Dear. 🙂

LikeLike

Reply

  3. **sebby holmes** says:

November 29, 2018 at 7:46 am

It looks amazing. I must try the recipe. Thank you

LikeLike

Reply

    1. **Jyoti Rao** says:

November 29, 2018 at 7:38 pm

Thank you so much for stopping by.  
Do try it out, you will love it. 🙂

LikeLike

Reply

  4. **ipsitaskitchen** says:

November 29, 2018 at 10:31 pm

Drooling

LikeLike

Reply

    1. **Jyoti Rao** says:

December 1, 2018 at 2:19 am

❤

LikeLike

Reply

  5. **Allie Ellenbecker** says:

May 12, 2021 at 11:02 pm

Way cool! Some extremely valid points! I appreciate you writing this write-up
and the rest of the site is very good.

LikeLike

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Enter your comment here...

Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:

  *   *   *   * 

Email (required) (Address never made public)

Name (required)

Website

****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out /  Change )

****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out /  Change )

****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out /  Change )

Cancel

Connecting to %s

Notify me of new comments via email.

Notify me of new posts via email.

Δ

Search for: Search

### Follow Blog via Email

Email Address:

Follow

Join 470 other followers

> ### Follow Us

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Instagram
  * 

### Authors

  * **Jyoti Rao**
    * Soy-Chicken Fried-Rice
    * Pan Grilled Veg-Sandwich
    * Achari Paneer Sub Sandwich
    * Samosa - Bihari Style
    * 5th Blog Anniversary

### Tags

achari paneer Aloo Chop appetizer Avocado avocado salad Awadhi Biryani Awadhi
cuisine Banana Bread Basil basil pesto Beary Biryani berries Bihari Cuisine
Bihari Food Bihari Snack biryani blueberry bread Breakfast Chicken Biryani
chole coconut milk condensed milk cookie cookies Cottage Cheese drink Dum
Biryani egg fried rice Healthy Healthy Breakfast healthy snack Indian
Breakfast Indian Cottage Cheese Indian Cuisine Indian food Indian Snack
Instant Pot Recipe IP mango mutton Mutton Curry Non vegetarian North Indian
cuisine North Indian Food Omelette Paneer Paneer recipes Paneer Tikka Paratha
Pesto Pizza Pizza Pomfret Raita Rice sandwich snack Snacks spicy strawberry
Street Food sweet Sweets tangy tea-time snack Thai Curry Thai Food Tofu
vegetables Vegetarian whole wheat whole wheat pizza wings

  * Twitter
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Zomato

Create a website or blog at WordPress.com

  * Follow Following

    * FOODFRENZY-JYOKITCHEN 

Join 470 other followers

Sign me up

    * Already have a WordPress.com account? Log in now.

  *     * FOODFRENZY-JYOKITCHEN 
    * Customize
    * Follow Following
    * Sign up
    * Log in
    * Copy shortlink
    * Report this content
    * View post in Reader 
    * Manage subscriptions
    * Collapse this bar



##

##

Loading Comments...



Write a Comment...

Email (Required) Name (Required) Website

###

%d bloggers like this:

