https://iwashyoudry.com/easy-shrimp-fried-rice/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to after header navigation
  * Skip to site footer

ABOUT ME & CONTACT • PRIVACY POLICY & DISCLOSURE

  * Facebook
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * Instagram

I Wash You Dry

Header SearchSearch siteSubmit search

Menu

Search

Search

  * Home
    * Join Newsletter
  * Recipes
    * Our Recipes
    * Ingredients Index
    * Visual Search
  * Breakfast
  * Dinner
  * Dessert
  * One Skillet
  * Instant Pot +
    * Air Fryer
    * Slow Cooker
  * My Cookbook

5

Mar

2020

# Easy Shrimp Fried Rice

__Carrots, Eggs, Oyster Sauce, Peas, Rice, Sesame Oil, Shrimp, Soy Sauce

Home » Recipe Index » Main Ingredient » Seafood » Easy Shrimp Fried Rice

  *   *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

 _This super easy Shrimp Fried Rice is filled with tender rice, plump shrimp
and veggies then tossed in a perfectly balanced sauce._

One of my favorite things to make is my Quick and Easy Brown Fried Rice. I
can't even begin to count the amount of times I've made it for my family.

When I want to make the simple side dish into a complete meal I will fill it
with plump shrimp or shredded chicken. This shrimp fried rice usually takes
the win because I always keep a few bags of shrimp in my freezer.

## How To Make Shrimp Fried Rice From Scratch

  * You're going to start by cooking up your shrimp in a large skillet or wok along with some sesame oil. Cook the shrimp just until opaque and the tails start to curl in on themselves.
  * In the same skillet you'll scramble two eggs, then set those aside.
  * Again to the skillet you'll cook up some diced onion until tender and then set those aside.
  * Finally, you'll add sesame oil, ginger and garlic to the skillet and then toss in your frozen veggies (I like to use carrots and peas).
  * Toss in your cooked (and cool) white or brown rice and stir fry in the skillet until lightly browned. Add in the shrimp, onion and egg, then pour in the sauce and toss to combine and heat through.

While I show this meal made with the shrimp tails still attached, you'll most
likely want to remove them when you make the dish. It's a pretty presentation
with the tails on, but eating it this way just isn't realistic.

## Fried Rice Sauce

To get the perfect flavor of fried rice, it comes down to the sauce. It's not
just soy sauce that you're looking for, but **a combination of soy sauce and
oyster sauce**.

**WHAT IS OYSTER SAUCE?**

  * Oyster sauce is a dark, thickened sauce that's a little sweet and nutty. It's made with oyster extracts, sugar, salt and thickened with cornstarch.
  * You can find oyster sauce in the Asian aisle of your local grocery store or on Amazon.
  * When in a pinch, you can use hoisin sauce in place of oyster sauce, or extra soy sauce and a touch of sugar.

## Best Pan For Fried Rice

My favorite way to make this Shrimp Fried Rice is in a large wok.

The sides of the wok are thin, allowing a lot of heat to hit the pan and give
the rice a good fry in the sesame oil. It's also plenty deep to hold lots of
rice and veggies, plus it easily wipes clean when finished.

If you don't have a wok, you can also use a large skillet with deep sides.

## What To Serve with Fried Rice

You really can't go wrong with any of my Asian recipes, but here are some of
my go-to recipes that I love to pair with fried rice.

  * Egg Drop Soup
  * Crispy Chicken Egg Rolls
  * Easy Mongolian Beef
  * Copycat Orange Chicken

I'm confident you'll love this super quick fried rice recipe better than
takeout and you'll be making it over and over again!

### HELPFUL PRODUCTS TO MAKE THIS RECIPE:

Amazon.com

Measuring Cups and Spoons Set

$41.71

out of stock

BUY NOW

\- 15%

Amazon.com

Nonstick Wok Stir Fry Pan

$42.01 ~~$49.99~~  

BUY NOW

Amazon.com

Wooden Spoon Set

$14.99

BUY NOW

Last updated on August 7, 2022 2:32 pm __

**Make sure you don’t miss a thing! Follow I Wash You Dry here:  
**FACEBOOK | PINTEREST | GOOGLE+ | TWITTER | INSTAGRAM | BLOGLOVIN

Print Recipe Pin Recipe Rate this Recipe

5 from 8 votes

## Easy Shrimp Fried Rice

This quick and easy Shrimp Fried Rice is filled with plump shrimp, loads of
veggies and rice and tossed in a perfectly balanced sauce.

Prep Time10 mins

Cook Time10 mins

Total Time20 mins

Course: Dinner

Cuisine: Asian

Servings: 6

Calories: 226 kcal

Author: Shawn

### Ingredients

  * 2 tsp sesame oil, divided
  * 1 lb. medium to large raw shrimp, tails and shells removed
  * 2 eggs
  * 1 small onion, diced
  * 2 garlic cloves, minced
  * 1 tsp minced ginger
  * 1 cup frozen peas and carrots
  * 3 cups cooked, white or brown rice
  * 3 tbsp soy sauce
  * 3 tbsp oyster sauce
  * 3 tbsp chopped green onions

US Customary \- Metric

### Instructions

  * Heat 1 tsp sesame oil in a large wok or deep sided skillet over medium heat. Cook shrimp in skillet until pink and no longer translucent. Remove from skillet and set aside in a warm place.

  * Coat the wok with non-stick spray, scramble the two eggs over medium heat then remove from pan to a plate to keep warm.

  * Add the onion to the wok and stir, cooking until the onions have softened, about 3-5 minutes. Remove from wok and set aside.

  * Add 1 tsp of sesame oil to the wok and stir fry the garlic and ginger for 30 seconds. Add the frozen peas and carrots and stir fry for an additional 2 minutes. Add the rice and stir to combine. Add the oyster sauce and soy sauce. Stir to heat through.

  * Add the onions, eggs and shrimp back in the wok and stir in the green onions. Heat through, serve immediately. Enjoy!

##### Notes

You can use cooked brown rice in place of the white rice if desired.

#### Nutrition

Serving: 1cup | Calories: 226kcal | Carbohydrates: 7g | Protein: 30g | Fat: 8g
| Saturated Fat: 2g | Cholesterol: 286mg | Sodium: 2029mg | Potassium: 339mg |
Fiber: 1g | Sugar: 1g | Vitamin A: 2325IU | Vitamin C: 21mg | Calcium: 140mg |
Iron: 3mg

Keywords: Easy, fried rice, shrimp

DID YOU MAKE THIS RECIPE?don't forget to share a picture and mention
@iwashyoudry on Instagram or tag #iwashyoudry!

Now Available!

### The Everyday Cookbook

Top Favorite Recipes from I Wash You Dry now available in a hard-cover,
spiral-bound book that’s gorgeous and perfect for everyday use.

BUY IT NOW

PIN THIS IMAGE TO SAVE THE RECIPE:

### Related Posts

  * Sweet Fire Shrimp Bowl

This Sweet Fire Shrimp Bowl boasts loads of tender crisp…

  * Quick and Easy Brown Fried Rice

Since the beginning of the year I've been attempting to…

  * Curried Coconut Fried Shrimp

These Curried Coconut Fried Shrimp are bursting with nutty flavor…

  *   *   *   *   * 

#### About Shawn

Shawn is the Owner and Creator of I Wash You Dry. She loves to create and
share simple, family-friendly recipes. Mom to 5 adorable children and dwells
in the desert of Southern Utah.

Previous Post: « Classic Lasagna Recipe

Next Post: Lemon Caper Egg Salad Recipe  »

## Sidebar

### Recipe Key

  *  Kid Friendly
  * One Skillet
  * Pressure Cooker
  * Slow Cooker
  * 9x13 Recipes
  * 15 Minutes
  * 30 Minutes
  * Freezer Friendly

### Find a Recipe

Visual Search Ingredient Search

Search this websiteSubmit search

### I Wash You Dry Newsletter

I'm a busy mom of five pretending to live on a budget. I love to cook &
explore new recipes, but they have to be quick & easy with as few dishes as
possible.  

#### 5 Secrets To Make Dinner Fast!

Join 100,000 others and receive my TOP 5 SECRETS via email

LET ME IN!

#### Thank you!

You have successfully joined our subscriber list.

Copyright (C) 2022 Shawn Syphus (I Wash You Dry). All Rights Reserved *
Privacy Policy & Disclosure.

  * 10356Pinterest
  * 68Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Yummly

