https://www.aheadofthyme.com/10-minute-seafood-fried-rice/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * About
    * About Me
    * Work With Us
    * Press
  * Recipes
  * Shop
  * Resources
    * How to Start a Food Blog
    * How to Grow Your Food Blog
  * ## Nav Social Menu

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * YouTube

  * search...

menu icon

search icon

search...

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Shop
  * Resources

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

Ã—

Home Â» Rice Â» Seafood Fried Rice

# Seafood Fried Rice

4 Comments

Jump to Recipe*Print Recipe

523 Shares

 __Pin 517

 __Yum 6

 __Share

 __Tweet

 __More

A few weeks ago, I shared my super simple and delicious Chinese-style
10-minute vegetarian fried rice. Now, it's time to switch up the flavours and
add in some protein. 10-minute seafood fried rice is on the menu tonight. It's
a one-pan, quick and easy, better than takeout meal that can be made at home
tastier and with healthier ingredients. It's the _easiest_ weeknight meal.

Seafood is one of my favourite ingredients to add to fried rice. We have added
tiger prawns and a sprinkle of fish roe on top (optional), and paired it with
satay sauce for optimal flavouring. Satay sauce has a very unique sour and
slightly spicy taste. This combination of flavours is a very common in seafood
fried rice all over Malaysia, Thailand and other parts of Asia as well.

## Ingredients in Seafood Fried Rice

To make this seafood fried rice with shrimp, you will need the following
ingredients:

  * **vegetable oil** \- necessary for stir-frying.
  *  **tiger prawns** \- I love fresh tiger prawns in this dish, but this can be substituted easily with any kind of shrimp.
  *  **eggs** \- fried rice staple.
  *  **white rice**  \- freshly cooked is best, but you can use leftover rice. You will just need to add some water to soften the rice.
  *  **vegetables** \- fresh or frozen carrots, green peas, and sweet corn. You can get creative and add in whatever vegetables you have on hand. Green beans would go really well in this.
  *  **seasonings** \- sesame oil, maggi sauce, salt. Maggi sauce can be substituted with soy sauce.
  *  **satay sauce** \- has a unique sour and slightly spicy taste.
  *  **green onions**  \- can be substituted with cilantro (but if using cilantro, it must be added at the end as a topping, as it will wilt under the heat).
  *  **roasted**   **white sesame seeds** (optional) - for topping.
  *  **masago caviar**  (optional) - similar to sushi roe.

## How to Cook Fried Rice with Prawns or Shrimp

Making seafood fried rice is so easy. It takes about 10 minutes of prep (you
do need to peel and devein the shrimp), and 10 minutes to cook.

First, **cook the prawns** over medium-high heat with ginger. Then, make some
space and **add in the eggs** with a pinch of green onions, and scramble.
**Stir in carrots, sweet corn and peas** (and any other vegetables if using).
Then, **stir in rice**. Continuously stir to cook evenly and distribute. **Add
in seasoning** (satay sauce, sesame oil and salt) and continuously stir. Add
maggi sauce and green onions and stir to combine. **Top with a sprinkle of
sesame seeds and masago caviar** (roe) on top, and serve.

## Tips for Making the Best Fried Rice

  1.  **Continuously stir**. You will need to continuously stir throughout the cooking process to ensure even distribution of heat across the dish, and even cooking. Fried rice is about uniformity. The rice is supposed to be evenly cooked and all the pieces should have the exact same flavour and texture. I often use 2 spatulas for cooking this dish.
  2.  **Cook eggs until tender**. Cook the eggs on medium high heat until cooked through, yet tender. You don't want the eggs to get to a very dry stage early on. You want them to be springy and bright in colour.
  3.  **Cook fried rice over high heat**. Cook fried rice over high heat to achieve the best mix of texture and flavours. Asian fried rice is supposed to be cooked quickly, so cooking over high heat speeds up the cooking process.

## More Stir Fry Recipes

  * 10-Minute Vegetarian Fried Rice
  * Stir-Fried Rice Cakes with Shrimp
  * 10-Minute Chicken Pad Thai
  * Shanghai Style Fried Noodles
  * Spicy Cumin Lamb Noodles

**Did you make this recipe?  **I would greatly appreciate a comment and rating
below, letting me know what you thought of the recipe. You can also snap a
picture and tag me on Instagram @aheadofthyme or share it on the Pinterest pin
so that I can follow along.

**Don't forget to sign up for my  email newsletter so that you don't miss any
recipes. You can also follow along on Instagram, Pinterest, and Facebook for
more recipe updates.**

Print

clock clock iconcutlery cutlery iconflag flag iconfolder folder iconinstagram
instagram iconpinterest pinterest iconfacebook facebook iconprint print
iconsquares squares iconheart heart iconheart solid heart solid icon

## Seafood Fried Rice

* * *

â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…

5 from 2 reviews

  * Author: Sam | Ahead of Thyme
  * Total Time: 20 minutes
  * Yield: 3-4 servings
  * Diet: Gluten Free

Print Recipe

Pin Recipe

### Description

Quick and easy, one-pan, 10-minute seafood fried rice with tiger prawns is so
much healthier, tastier and better than takeout. It's the easiest weeknight
dinner.

* * *

### Ingredients

Copy to clipboard Copy to clipboard

  * Â½ tablespoon **vegetable oil**
  * 1 lb. **tiger prawns** , peeled and deveined (approximately 10 pieces)
  * 2 **eggs** , beaten
  * Â½ cup **carrots** , diced
  * Â½ cup frozen **green peas**
  * Â½ cup frozen **sweet corn**
  * 3 cups freshly cooked **white rice** (can use leftover rice)
  * 2 teaspoons **satay sauce** (or satay paste)
  * Â½ tablespoon **sesame oil**
  * 1 teaspoon **salt**
  * 2 teaspoons **maggi sauce**
  * Â½ tablespoon **green onions** (approximately 1 full stem), chopped
  * 1 teaspoon **roasted** **white sesame seeds** (optional)
  * 2 teaspoons **masago caviar** (optional)

* * *

### Instructions

  1. Heat oil in a large wok or skillet over medium high heat for one minute. Add prawns, continuously stir and flip the over until both sides turn orange and are cooked through, about 3 minutes.
  2. Push the prawns to one side to make space for cooking the eggs. Add beaten eggs with a pinch of the sliced green onions into empty side of the pan, and stir until scrambled and cooked through, yet still tender.
  3. Add carrots, sweet corn, and peas to the pan. Continuously stir for a minute to cook and evenly mix. 
  4. Add the rice and turn the heat up to high. It's very important to cook fried rice over high heat to achieve the best texture. If you are using leftover rice, add up to Â¼ cup of water to soften the rice. Continuously stir for a minute to cook and evenly mix and distribute the ingredients. 
  5. Add satay sauce, sesame oil, and salt, and keep stirring, for about 1 minute. Add maggi sauce and green onions at the end and stir to combine.
  6. Top with a sprinkle of sesame seeds and masago caviar (roe) on top, and serve.

### Notes

Continuously stir. You will need to continuously stir throughout the cooking
process to ensure even distribution of heat across the dish, and even cooking.
Fried rice is about uniformity. The rice is supposed to be evenly cooked and
all the pieces should have the exact same flavour and texture. I often use 2
spatulas for cooking this dish.

Cook eggs until tender. Cook the eggs on medium high heat until cooked
through, yet tender. You don't want the eggs to get to a very dry stage early
on. You want them to be springy and bright in colour.

Cook fried rice over high heat. Cook fried rice over high heat to achieve the
best mix of texture and flavours. Asian fried rice is supposed to be cooked
quickly, so cooking over high heat speeds up the cooking process.

  * Prep Time: 10 minutes
  * Cook Time: 10 minutes
  * Category: Rice
  * Method: Stir Fry
  * Cuisine: Chinese

Keywords: fried rice, seafood fried rice, shrimp fried rice, fried rice with
shrimp, weeknight dinner

### Did you make this recipe?

I'd love to see! Tag me @aheadofthyme on Instagram.

523 Shares

 __Pin 517

 __Yum 6

 __Share

 __Tweet

 __More

Â« Creamy Mexican Corn Soup

Easy Rosemary Garlic Focaccia Bread Â»

## Stay Updated

Subscribe now to receive all the latest recipes, tips and news directly to
your inbox.

* indicates required

Email Address *

**How often would you like to receive recipe updates**

  * as soon as they are posted
  * weekly recipe updates

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Linda says

May 03, 2020 at 6:52 am

Love quick and easy recipes like this. I'm such a huge fan of fried rice but
I'd never tried it with satay sauce. It was a great change up and super
delicious. I'm going to give this a try with chicken next.

â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…

Reply

    * Sam | Ahead of Thyme says

May 05, 2020 at 12:36 am

Thank you Linda! So happy you gave it a try and liked it! Let me know how you
like it with chicken ðŸ™‚

Reply

  2. Kay says

May 03, 2020 at 5:32 am

Needed something quick and easy to use my leftover rice up from yesterday!
This was perfect!

â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…

Reply

    * Sam | Ahead of Thyme says

May 05, 2020 at 12:36 am

Thank you for the review! So glad you enjoyed the recipe! ðŸ™‚

Reply

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe rating _â˜…_ _â˜†_ _â˜…_ _â˜†_ _â˜…_ _â˜†_ _â˜…_ _â˜†_ _â˜…_ _â˜†_

Comment

Name *

Email *

Î”

## Primary Sidebar

### Welcome!

Hi, we're Sam and Dan! We like to **help busy people eat real food that tastes
good.** Here, you can find hundreds of delicious, **quick and easy recipes** ,
using quality and wholesome ingredients. Read more about us

search...

## Stay Updated

Subscribe now to receive all the latest recipes, tips and news directly to
your inbox.

* indicates required

Email Address *

Name

**How often would you like to receive recipe updates**

  * as soon as they are posted
  * weekly recipe updates

## Footer

â†‘ back to top

### About Ahead of Thyme

Hello and welcome! I'm Sam -- the founder of Ahead of Thyme, where  **we help
busy people eat real food that tastes good.**  Here, you will find hundreds of
delicious,  **quick and easy recipes** , using quality and wholesome
ingredients. So stay a while, browse around, and make something tasty for
dinner tonight.

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

### Learn More

  * About Us
  * Work with Us
  * Shop
  * Privacy Policy
  * Contact
  * Newsletter

### Browse

  * 60+ Easy Dinners
  * 60+ Chicken Recipes
  * 25+ Ground Beef Recipes
  * 40+ Pasta Recipes
  * 50+ Bread Recipes
  * 25+ Air Fryer Recipes
  * Dessert

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases, at no additional cost
to you.

**Copyright Â© 2021 Ahead of Thyme Incorporated**

