https://www.greatbritishchefs.com/recipes/seafood-fried-rice-recipe


|

  * Recipes 
    *       *         * Meat and Poultry
        * Beef
        * Chicken
        * Duck
        * Lamb
        * Pork
        * See more
        *         * Cakes and Baking
        * Easy cake
        * Loaf cake
        * Layer cake
        * Tarts
        * Pâtisserie
        * See more
      *         * Fish and Seafood
        * Cod
        * Prawn
        * Sea bass
        * Hake
        * Salmon
        * See more
        *         * Occasions
        * Dinner party
        * Breakfast
        * Party
        * Sunday roast
        * All-day brunch
      *         * Courses
        * Canapés
        * Starters
        * Mains
        * Sides
        * Desserts
        * Petits fours
        *         * Cuisine
        * Mexican
        * Italian
        * Indian
        * Thai
        * Chinese
        * French
      *         * Dish type
        * Curry
        * Soup
        * Pasta
        * Salad
        * One-pot
        * Stew
        *         * Everyday and easy
        * Midweek meal
        * Easy pie
        * Easy chicken
        * Easy vegan
        * Easy curry
        * See all easy recipes
      *         * Diets
        * Vegetarian
        * Vegan
        * Pescatarian
        * Gluten-free
        * Dairy-free
        * Low carb
        *         * Seasonal
        * Celeriac
        * Cauliflower
        * Kale
        * Rhubarb
        * Blood orange
        * Asparagus
    * ### After something else? Take a look at what's new and get inspired.

Latest Recipes

    *   * Chefs
  * How to Cook 
    *       *         * Meat and poultry
        * Chicken
        * Beef
        * Lamb
        * Pork
        * Duck
        * See all
        *         * Cakes and baking
        * Line a tart tin
        * Blind bake
        * Make macarons
        * Bake cakes
        * Make sweet pastry
        * Make biscuits
      *         * Fish and seafood
        * Monkfish
        * Haddock
        * Sea bass
        * Mackerel
        * Red mullet
        * See all
        *         * Sous vide
        * Sous vide meat
        * Sous vide fish
        * Sous vide vegetables
        * Sous vide fruit
        * Tips and tricks
        * See all
      *         * Vegetables
        * Beetroot
        * Butternut squash
        * Red cabbage
        * Sweet potato
        * Tomato
        * See all
        *         * Pickling
        * Pickle asparagus
        * Pickle mackerel
        * Pickle gooseberries
        * Pickle cucumber
        * Pickle red cabbage
        * See all
      *         * Knife skills
        * Butchery
        * Fish preparation
        * Vegetable preparation
        * Chiffonade
        * Sharpen a knife
        * See all
        *         * Chef tricks
        * Brining
        * Fish stock
        * Rib-eye steak
        * Chorizo crisps
        * Pomme purée
        * Crispy chicken skin
    * ### Can't see what you're looking for? Browse our collection of cooking guides.

View All

    *   * Features
  * Competitions

  * 

  * Recipes
  * Chefs
  * How to Cook
  * Features
  * Competitions
  * 

Recipes

  * Meat and Poultry
  * Fish and Seafood
  * Courses
  * Dish type
  * Diets
  * Cakes and Baking
  * Occasions
  * Cuisine
  * Everyday and easy
  * Seasonal

Meat and Poultry

  * Beef
  * Chicken
  * Duck
  * Lamb
  * Pork
  * See more

Fish and Seafood

  * Cod
  * Prawn
  * Sea bass
  * Hake
  * Salmon
  * See more

Courses

  * Canapes
  * Starters
  * Mains
  * Sides
  * Desserts
  * Petits fours

Dish type

  * Curry
  * Soup
  * Pasta
  * Salad
  * One-pot
  * Stew

Diets

  * Vegetarian
  * Vegan
  * Pescatarian
  * Gluten-free
  * Dairy-free
  * Low carb

Cakes and Baking

  * Easy cake
  * Loaf cake
  * Layer cake
  * Tarts
  * Patisserie
  * See more

Occasions

  * Dinner party
  * Breakfast
  * Party
  * Sunday roast
  * All-day brunch

Cuisine

  * Mexican
  * Italian
  * Indian
  * Thai
  * Chinese
  * French

Everyday and easy

  * Midweek meal
  * Easy pie
  * Easy chicken
  * Easy vegan
  * Easy curry
  * See all easy recipes

Seasonal

  * Celeriac
  * Cauliflower
  * Kale
  * Rhubarb
  * Blood orange
  * Asparagus

How to Cook

  * Meat and poultry
  * Fish and seafood
  * Vegetables
  * Knife skills
  * Cakes and baking
  * Sous vide
  * Pickling
  * Chef tricks

Meat and poultry

  * Chicken
  * Beef
  * Lamb
  * Pork
  * Duck
  * See all

Fish and seafood

  * Monkfish
  * Haddock
  * Sea bass
  * Mackerel
  * Red mullet
  * See all

Vegetables

  * Beetroot
  * Butternut squash
  * Red cabbage
  * Sweet potato
  * Tomato
  * See all

Knife skills

  * Butchery
  * Fish preparation
  * Vegetable preparation
  * Chiffonade
  * Sharpen a knife
  * See all

Cakes and baking

  * Line a tart tin
  * Blind bake
  * Make macarons
  * Bake cakes
  * Make sweet pastry
  * Make biscuits

Sous vide

  * Sous vide meat
  * Sous vide fish
  * Sous vide vegetables
  * Sous vide fruit
  * Tips and tricks
  * See all

Pickling

  * Pickle asparagus
  * Pickle mackerel
  * Pickle gooseberries
  * Pickle cucumber
  * Pickle red cabbage
  * See all

Chef tricks

  * Brining
  * Fish stock
  * Rib-eye steak
  * Chorizo crisps
  * Pomme puree
  * Crispy chicken skin

#  Stir-fried rice with seafood and pak choi

by

Rosana McPhee

  * Main
  * easy
  * 2 
  * 20 minutes

PT20M

This stir-fried rice with seafood recipe – packed with flavour from plump
mussels, squid, prawns, and a healthy dose of XO sauce – makes a quick and
easy dinner dish that doesn't compromise on flavour.

First published in 2016

Discover more:

  * Prawn Recipes
  * Mussel Recipes
  * Basmati rice Recipes
  * Squid Recipes
  * Ginger Recipes
  * show more
  * hide more

Share recipe

###  Related recipes

###  Related recipes

Charred mackerel with tomato ceviche

by Robert Thompson

South Indian-style stir fry of leftover turkey with curried yoghurt

by Vivek Singh

Apple muffins

by Shaun Rankin

Roast tomato and spring onion risotto with seared tuna

by Adam Gray

Avocado and citrus salad

by Bruno Loubet

Riesling is one the finest, most aromatic grapes around. It has a floral and
fruity aroma of yellow stone fruits like nectarine and apricot, with a hint of
pear and a light aroma of honeycomb. Alongside these sweeter notes, Riesling
is very high in acidity, and has a pleasing tartness. Characterised by
freshness and elegance, Riesling wines make an ideal partner for refined
dishes. Riesling from Alsace possesses unique and distinctive flavour, and
noted for being a fantastic gastronomic wine.

As well as pairing beautifully with white meat, goat's cheese and citrus
desserts, it also stands up well to bolder flavours of charcuterie and the
iodine-rich flavours of seafood, particularly when involving a little spice in
your dish. In this recipe, I've paired an Alsace Riesling with a fragrant and
bold Asian seafood stir-fry that makes either a great starter for four guests,
or a comforting main dish for two.

##  Ingredients

print recipe

shopping List

### Metric

### Imperial

#### Stir-fried rice with seafood and pak choi

  * 200g of  basmati rice, cooked, preferably brown
  * 2 tbsp of canola oil, or other flavourless oil
  * 1 red onion, diced
  * 3  spring onions, sliced
  * 2 tbsp of  fresh ginger, minced
  * 2 tbsp of  garlic, minced
  * 250g of  mussels, peeled and deveined prawns and squid, or seafood selection of your choice
  * 100g of  baby pak choi, chopped
  * 1 tbsp of XO sauce
  * 1 tsp oyster sauce, plus more to taste
  * freshly ground black pepper
  * 1 handful of  coriander, chopped
  * toasted sesame oil
  * chilli, chopped, to garnish

print recipe

shopping List

##  Method

print recipe

1

Heat a large wok over medium-high heat until a bead of water vaporises within
1–2 seconds of contact

2

Add the canola oil, swirl the wok to coat, then add the red onion, spring
onions, ginger and garlic. Stir-fry with a wooden wok spatula until fragrant
and lightly golden for 40–60 seconds

3

Add the seafood to the wok and stir-fry until almost cooked through. Push the
vegetables and seafood mix to 1 side of the work

4

Add the chopped pak choi and stir-fry until lightly softened, for
approximately 2 minutes. Stir in the XO sauce and stir-fry until all of the
ingredients are coated

5

Using a fork, gently break up any clumps in the rice until the grains are
separate. Add the rice to the hot wok and gently stir-fry, stopping
occasionally so the rice has a chance to take on a light golden colour – this
should take about 3 minutes. You should hear sizzling during the last minute

6

Drizzle in the oyster sauce and sprinkle a pinch of pepper over the fried
rice. Taste and adjust the flavour as necessary with more oyster sauce and
pepper

7

Add the fresh coriander and chilli and drizzle with toasted sesame oil. Serve
immediately

First published in 2016

Discover more:

  * Prawn Recipes
  * Mussel Recipes
  * Basmati rice Recipes
  * Squid Recipes
  * Ginger Recipes
  * show more
  * hide more

Share recipe

}

Rosana McPhee

Brazilian food and travel blogger, living in London.

### You may also like

Rosana McPhee

Contributor Profile

Rice

Recipe Collection

How to make egg-fried rice

Roast tomato and spring onion risotto with seared tuna

by Adam Gray

Avocado and citrus salad

by Bruno Loubet

South Indian-style stir fry of leftover turkey with curried yoghurt

by Vivek Singh

Apple muffins

by Shaun Rankin

Charred mackerel with tomato ceviche

by Robert Thompson

Shepherd's pie

by Dominic Chapman

Angel Zapata Martin

Barrafina Coal Drops Yard

### NAVIGATE

  * Home 
  * Recipes 
  * Michelin star results 2022 
  * Chefs 
  * Restaurant map 
  * Ingredients 
  * Recipe collections 
  * Features 
  * How to cook 
  * Competitions 

### NEWSLETTER

### Sign up to our newsletter now

### FOLLOW

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

### SITES

### INFORMATION

  * Contact 
  * Work with us 
  * Insights and consultancy 
  * Great British Chefs shop 
  * Great British Chefs x TheFoodMarket.com 
  * Join our Great British Chefs Cookbook Club 
  * FAQs 
  * About us 
  * Jobs 
  * Contributors 
  * Photography 
  * Policies 
  * T's and C's 

### FOLLOW

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

(C) Great British Chefs 2022

CREATE AN ACCOUNT

Get Notifications

Manage Cookies

