https://www.averiecooks.com/easy-better-takeout-shrimp-fried-rice/


__

____

  * Home
  * Browse Recipes
    * Breakfast, Breads, Rolls, & Muffins
    * Appetizers
      * Appetizers
      * Dips & Condiments
    * 30-Minute Meals
    * Dinner/Entrees
      * 30-Minute Meals
      * Beef
      * Chicken
      * Fish
      * Pasta
      * Seafood
      * All Dinner
    * Soups
    * Sides, Salads & Vegetables
    * Slow Cooker
    * Desserts
      * Bars & Blondies
      * Brownies
      * Cakes & Cupcakes
      * Cookies
      * Ice Cream
      * No-Bake Balls & Truffles
      * Peanut Butter
      * Pies & Cheesecake
      * All Desserts
    * Snacky Things
    * Drinks & Smoothies
    * All Recipes
    * Recipe Index
  * About
    * About Me
    * Contact
    * Work with Me
  * FAQs

__

__________

  * Home
  * Browse Recipes
    * Breakfast, Breads, Rolls, & Muffins
    * Appetizers
      * Appetizers
      * Dips & Condiments
    * 30-Minute Meals
    * Dinner/Entrees
      * 30-Minute Meals
      * Beef
      * Chicken
      * Fish
      * Pasta
      * Seafood
      * All Dinner
    * Soups
    * Sides, Salads & Vegetables
    * Slow Cooker
    * Desserts
      * Bars & Blondies
      * Brownies
      * Cakes & Cupcakes
      * Cookies
      * Ice Cream
      * No-Bake Balls & Truffles
      * Peanut Butter
      * Pies & Cheesecake
      * All Desserts
    * Snacky Things
    * Drinks & Smoothies
    * All Recipes
    * Recipe Index
  * About
    * About Me
    * Contact
    * Work with Me
  * FAQs

Home » All Recipes » Easy Better-Than-Takeout Shrimp Fried Rice

April 10, 2017

# Easy Better-Than-Takeout Shrimp Fried Rice

_by_ Averie Sunshine // __278 _Comments_

This post may contain affiliate links.

**Easy Better-Than-Takeout Shrimp Fried Rice** — One-skillet, ready in 20
minutes, and you'll never get takeout again!! Homemade tastes WAY BETTER!!
Tons more flavor, not greasy, and loaded with tender shrimp!!

## Best Ever Shrimp Fried Rice Recipe

One of the most popular posts on my site for the past few years has been my
Easy Better-Than-Takeout Chicken Fried Rice recipe.

There's even a video in that post to show you exactly how to make it and
you're basically recreating that recipe but with shrimp.

**This is an easy, one-skillet recipe that’s ready in 20 minutes and tastes
better than takeout.**

It's healthier, not greasy, and you're going to love it.

There's garlic, ginger, green onions, sesame oil, and soy sauce for layers of
flavor while peas, carrots, corn, and bits of egg add texture. It's a perfect
weeknight meal when you're in a rush want a break from the usual chicken
dinner.

## Shrimp Fried Rice Ingredients

For this easy homemade shrimp fried rice recipe, you'll need:

  * Sesame oil
  * Vegetable oil
  * Fresh shrimp
  * Frozen peas and carrots
  * Frozen corn
  * Garlic
  * Ground ginger
  * Eggs
  * Cooked rice
  * Green onions 
  * Low-sodium soy sauce
  * Salt and pepper 

## How to Make Shrimp Fried Rice

Making fried rice with shrimp is quick and easy. Here are the basic steps:

  1. To a large non-stick skillet, add the oils, shrimp, and cook over medium-high heat for about 3 minutes, flipping halfway through.
  2. Remove the shrimp with a slotted spoon and place on a plate; set aside.
  3. Add the peas, carrots, corn, and cook for about 2 minutes, or until vegetables begin to soften, stir intermittently.
  4. Add the garlic, ginger, and cook until fragrant.
  5. Push the vegetables to one side of the skillet, add the eggs to the other side, and cook to scramble.
  6. Add the shrimp, rice, and green onions to the pan. Evenly drizzle with soy sauce and stir to combine.
  7. Cook just until the shrimp are reheated.

## Tips for the Best Shrimp Fried Rice

To save time if you don’t have leftover rice on hand or don’t want to cook a
batch, use two pouches of ready-to-serve rice. Works like a charm! I don’t
even bother thawing the frozen peas, carrots, and corn that’s mixed into the
rice.

Feel free to add edamame, bean sprouts, mushrooms or whatever floats your
fried rice boat.

I use fresh shrimp from the butcher because I think it has the best flavor,
but if you're in an ultimate hurry you can use frozen shrimp that's already
been cooked and all you have to do is thaw it.

## Easy Better-Than-Takeout Shrimp Fried Rice

**Yield:** about 5 cups, serves 4

**Total Time:** about 20 minutes

**Prep Time:** 5 minutes

**Cook Time:** about 15 minutes

One-skillet, ready in 20 minutes, and you'll never get takeout again!!
Homemade tastes WAY BETTER!! Tons more flavor, not greasy, and loaded with
tender shrimp!!

Print Recipe

5

5 / 5 (106 Reviews)

_Did you make this recipe?_ Leave a review »

### Ingredients:

  * 2 tablespoons sesame oil
  * 2 tablespoons canola or vegetable oil
  * 1 pound medium-large fresh shrimp, cleaned (approximately 15-20 count shrimp)
  * 1 cup frozen peas and diced carrots blend (I don’t thaw and use straight from the freezer)
  * 1/2 cup corn (I use frozen straight from the freezer)
  * 2 to 3 garlic cloves, finely minced or pressed
  * 1/2 teaspoon ground ginger
  * 3 large eggs, lightly beaten
  * 4 cups cooked rice (I use white, long-grain or brown may be substituted. To save time use two 8.8-ounce pouches cooked and ready-to-serve rice)
  * 2 to 3 green onions, trimmed and sliced into thin rounds
  * 3 to 4 tablespoons low-sodium soy sauce
  * 1/2 teaspoon salt, or to taste
  * 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, or to taste

### Directions:

  1. To a large non-stick skillet or wok, add the oils, shrimp, and cook over medium-high heat for about 3 minutes, flipping halfway through. Cooking time will vary based on size of shrimp, don’t overcook. Remove shrimp with a slotted spoon (allow oils and cooking juices to remain in skillet) and place shrimp on a plate; set aside.
  2. Add the peas, carrots, corn, and cook for about 2 minutes, or until vegetables begin to soften, stir intermittently.
  3. Add the garlic, ginger, and cook for 1 minute, stir intermittently.
  4. Push vegetables to one side of the skillet, add the eggs to the other side, and cook to scramble, stirring as necessary.
  5. Add the shrimp, rice, green onions, evenly drizzle with soy sauce, evenly season with salt and pepper, and stir to combine. Cook for about 2 minutes, or until shrimp is reheated through. Recipe is best warm and fresh but will keep airtight in the fridge for up to 5 days or in the freezer for up to 4 months. Reheat gently as desired.

Adapted from Easy Better-Than-Takeout Chicken Fried Rice

Recipe from Averie Cooks. All images and content are copyright protected.
Please do not use my images without prior permission. If you want to republish
this recipe, please re-write the recipe in your own words, or simply link back
to this post for the recipe. Thank you.

## More Easy Fried Rice Recipes:

Easy Better-Than-Takeout Chicken Fried Rice — One-skillet, ready in 20
minutes, and you'll never want takeout again after tasting how good homemade
is! Way more flavor, not greasy, and loads of juicy chicken!

15-Minute Sheet Pan Fried Rice (with Chicken) — Easy HEALTHIER “fried rice”
that’s actually baked and not fried!! Full of authentic flavor and ready
faster than you can call for takeout!! Perfect for busy weeknights and a
family FAVORITE!!

Skinny Chicken Fried Cauliflower Rice – Even people who don’t like cauliflower
will be amazed at how authentic and DELICIOUS this SKINNY version of chicken
fried rice tastes!! Easy, ready in 15 minutes, and so much HEALTHIER than
calling for takeout!!

Hawaiian Pineapple Shrimp Fried Rice — A Hawaiian-inspired shrimp fried rice
recipe that’s EASY, ready in minutes, and has so much authentic flavor!! A
family favorite that’s better than takeout!!

We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an
affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn
advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.

_originally published_ April 10, 2017 -- _last updated_ March 11, 2022 //
__278 _Comments_

_Posted in:_ 30-Minute Meals, All Recipes, Asian, Entrees, Gluten-Free,
Popular, Seafood, Shrimp, Sides, Salads & Vegetables

_« Previous Post_Glazed Cinnamon Roll Cake

_Next Post »_ _Banana Chocolate Chip Streusel Muffins

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Please note: I have only made the recipe as written, and cannot give advice or
predict what will happen if you change something. If you have a question
regarding changing, altering, or making substitutions to the recipe, please
check out the FAQ page for more info.

Comment *

Did you make this recipe? Rate it:

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

Check this box to be notified by email with a reply

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

###  278 Comments on "Easy Better-Than-Takeout Shrimp Fried Rice"

  1. **Tiffany** -- August 1, 2022 @ 6:10 pm  Reply

Quick, easy and delicious. Now I have the ingredients on hand, so the next
time I make it I’ll just need to get the shrimp and whatever vegetables I want
to add. Going to try with broccoli and mushrooms next.

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- August 2, 2022 @ 7:49 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad you will make it again and try it with
broccoli and mushrooms.

  2. **Robert James** -- August 1, 2022 @ 2:53 pm  Reply

Made the shimp fried rice. Delicious!How can you double the recipe?

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- August 2, 2022 @ 7:50 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad it was delicious! Just double every
single thing in the recipe. It will take a bit longer to cook through, but not
double the time, if you're doubling the ingredients. Use a bigger skillet if
possible, too.

  3. **Gabrielle** -- June 27, 2022 @ 3:45 pm  Reply

This was outstanding and very easy to make. I may never buy store made fried
rice again. I added water chestnuts and baby corn because I had some leftover
and it was perfect.

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- June 27, 2022 @ 4:49 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad you may never need to buy fried rice
again! Great idea on the water chestnuts and baby corn you had on hand, too!

  4. **Ari** -- June 17, 2022 @ 3:19 pm  Reply

Absolutely delicious! Thank you for sharing this, it definitely came in clutch
when we're struggling to find a quick, simple alternative to takeout

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- June 17, 2022 @ 3:29 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and I am glad it was clutch for a quick takeout
alternative!

  5. **Concerned Citizen** -- June 6, 2022 @ 6:43 am  Reply

wait, you're telling me a shrimp fried this rice!?!?!

Rating:  5

  6. **Erika** -- May 30, 2022 @ 8:28 pm  Reply

My family loved this! Saving for my meal rotation.

Rating:  5

  7. **Brenda** -- May 17, 2022 @ 7:44 pm  Reply

I love this recipe! So easy and very delicious. My kids beg for me to make
this every week. Thank you!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- May 18, 2022 @ 8:41 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and that's great your kids beg for this weekly!

  8. **Sonia Vazquez** -- May 10, 2022 @ 3:37 pm  Reply

Best recipe I found for shrimp fried rice. It’s my go to meal and 100%
recommend making.

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- May 10, 2022 @ 5:49 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and I am glad this is the best recipe you've
found for shrimp fried rice!

  9. **Kelly** -- May 1, 2022 @ 5:53 pm  Reply

Hi I’m making this tonight. How much uncooked rice do you use to get 4 cups of
cooked rice? Thanks!

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- May 1, 2022 @ 9:23 pm  Reply

About 2 cups uncooked. Rice normally doubles in volume once you cook it.

  10. **Raven** -- April 26, 2022 @ 4:26 am  Reply

I tried this recipe for the first time and it was very delicious. I had to use
more soy sauce to cost the rice and to add more flavor. Topped with a little
more sesame oil and added yum yum sauce and oooh very delicious.

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- April 26, 2022 @ 10:22 am  Reply

I am glad it turned out delicious for you!

  11. **Tina S** -- March 23, 2022 @ 11:22 pm  Reply

Delicious and easy! My kids loved it!!!!! Question, is the 1/2 tsp “ground
ginger” fresh minced ginger or ginger powder? Thanks for this crowd pleaser
dinner!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- March 24, 2022 @ 8:35 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad it was great and the kids loved it!

I use dried ginger because I don't tend to keep fresh on hand but you could
use either. Use more like 1 tsp rather than 1/2 tsp if you're using fresh as
opposed to dried.

      * **Tina S** -- March 24, 2022 @ 10:58 pm 

Thank you! I made it for a second night in a row!!! All 3 of my boys begged me
to make it again. Hubby too! Thanks again :)

Rating:  5

      * **Averie Sunshine** -- March 26, 2022 @ 9:19 pm 

Glad that this is such a hit with your boys that you made it two nights in a
row, that's fantastic!

  12. **Marti** -- March 9, 2022 @ 5:35 pm  Reply

Super easy and tasty. I love that the recipe gave me permission to go wild
with the veggies-I added red cabbage, edamame, carrots, peas, and corn and it
was delicious.

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- March 10, 2022 @ 11:18 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad that you went wild with the veggies -
you are mind kind of cook and I would have done the same!

  13. **Kym L.** -- March 7, 2022 @ 10:37 am  Reply

Wanted to try a different Shrimp dish, and this 5-star recipe was on top!!With
all ingredients on hand, I prepared this Shrimp Fried Rice today (early & easy
preparation)…Used frozen peas & carrots, stirred in canned corn.. Everything
came together with a fragrance that was delightful… when the garlic & ginger
was added..Overall, this is a dish I'll make again & again!!Taking some over
to my Mom's 😁BTW.. I used 1/2 of the 4 cups of rice.. That was a lot.. TFS
your Recipe, Averie!!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- March 7, 2022 @ 2:24 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad this was a hit for you and that you are
sharing with you mom, too. How nice!

  14. **Cassandra Hodo** -- February 10, 2022 @ 3:00 pm  Reply

Made the shrimp fried rice. It was really good. I’ll do chicken next time.

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- February 10, 2022 @ 7:40 pm  Reply

Excellent! Glad to hear it!

  15. **G-MoneyGma** -- January 24, 2022 @ 9:25 am  Reply

So glad I found this. My grandson's birthday is today and he wanted to go to a
Hibachi restaurant. There will be about 8 of us eating so I hope doubling the
recipe will work. I will probably add chicken breast as well. Maybe one
skillet with Shrimp and one with chicken. I will probably leave out the corn
too.

  16. **Charlene** -- January 17, 2022 @ 2:21 pm  Reply

Made this tonight and it truly is better than take out. I do not like carrots
so just used the peas and corn! Will definitely make this again and will try
the other recipes too! Thank you for posting!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- January 17, 2022 @ 5:10 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad this was a dinner winner for you tonight
and you'll check out my other recipes too!

  17. **Heather** -- January 7, 2022 @ 11:05 am  Reply

OMG! This is 20x’s better than any takeout I’ve ever had. Super easy and
quick. I will definitely be making again

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- January 10, 2022 @ 5:25 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad it's way better than takeout for you and
you'll make it again!

  18. **Victoria** -- December 13, 2021 @ 11:43 am  Reply

Dish lives up to its name! This was easy and super delicious. I used frozen
shrimp and California Blend veggies I had on hand along with fresh mushroom
and onion, canned baby corn and canned water chestnuts (HIGHLY recommended for
a great crunch!), but otherwise followed the recipe exactly (maaaybe I was
more heavy handed with my seasonings though). Absolutely delicious! Well
deserving of its 5 stars.A side note, I agree with another reviewer that the
ads that run your site are suuuper annoying and made me lose my place several
times - very frustrating. I know it's the business, but I had to put the
mobile page on simple mode just to get a clear read out of the steps.Anyways!
Excellent recipe and will save for future use!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- December 13, 2021 @ 5:07 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad that the recipe was great for you!

  19. **Gay Rude** -- December 9, 2021 @ 2:42 pm  Reply

So good! I used fresh veggies, so i microwaved them 1st (2 min each ) in
separate bowls & then put in wok with crisp onions. Then i did my shrimp in
center of that. Then moved everything up sides & did my eggs, then rice. So
good!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- December 10, 2021 @ 5:53 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review glad that this turned out great for you!

I like your screen name :) and thanks for not being rude here. Omg I get some
comments you would not even believe, so thank you!

  20. **Alex** -- October 26, 2021 @ 4:40 pm  Reply

I hope you take this as constructive criticism because the actual recipe is
great but…I realize you might need to cover site costs with ads but this is so
overboard. The page is literally unusable on a mobile screen and barely usable
on a laptop.

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- October 27, 2021 @ 7:54 am  Reply

I use my own site all day long from a laptop and mobile, works just fine for
me. Glad you love the recipe!

    * **Kassandra** -- December 17, 2021 @ 11:10 am  Reply

I agree with you Alex.

Rating:  5

  21. **Chris** -- October 7, 2021 @ 12:21 pm  Reply

I found this recipe about 6 months ago, now I make it almost every week! It's
easy to prepare and the flavors complement each other nicely. We love it!
Thanks Averie!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- October 7, 2021 @ 2:37 pm  Reply

Thanks for the five star review and glad this has been a winner for you for
the last 6 months almost weekly. Wonderful to hear that!

  22. **Veronica** -- September 20, 2021 @ 6:47 pm  Reply

I made this tonight for dinner and it was a hit! My kids don't really like
fried rice from restaurants but they loved this! Thank you so much for this
great recipe! It will be a welcome addition to my recipe rotation.

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- September 21, 2021 @ 8:19 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad this was a hit and will become a welcome
addition to your rotation!

  23. **Cj** -- September 8, 2021 @ 5:42 pm  Reply

I had been waiting to use my new WOK !I wanted to cook something different for
dinner. This recipe was a GREAT start Thx so much

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- September 9, 2021 @ 5:35 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad you were able to put your new wok to
good use!

  24. **Candace Keefer** -- August 26, 2021 @ 4:06 pm  Reply

Absolutely amazing, my family loves this recipe ,,,

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- August 26, 2021 @ 6:49 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad this is a family favorite!

  25. **jrene'** -- September 17, 2020 @ 5:18 pm  Reply

Awesome!!! Simple to follow and my family love it!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- September 17, 2020 @ 5:42 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad it was simple and your family loved it!

  26. **Arlisa** -- September 5, 2020 @ 12:54 pm  Reply

I made this recipe for my 13 and 9 year old sons for lunch. It was as easy as
the article says and super tasty. I used one egg and 1/4 cup egg whites (the
equivalent of 2 eggs). My kids don’t like peas so I substituted shelled
edamame. Other than that I followed the instructions. The yield with the rice,
veggies and shrimp is about six cups. My kids finished it all before I could
get a plate. Thankfully I tasted it before serving them. It really is better
than takeout!!!!!

Rating:  5

  27. **Arlisa** -- September 5, 2020 @ 12:51 pm  Reply

I made this recipe for my 13 and 9 year old sons for lunch. It was as easy as
the article says and super tasty. I used one egg and 1/4 cup egg whites (the
equivalent of 2 eggs). My kids don’t like peas so I substituted shelled
edamame. Other than that I followed the instructions. The yield with the rider
and veggies and shrimp is about six cups. My kids finished it all before I
could get a plate. Thankfully I tasted it before serving them. It really is
better than takeout!!!!!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- September 6, 2020 @ 6:52 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad this really is better than takeout for
you and that your sons devoured it!

  28. **Blair** -- September 1, 2020 @ 3:58 pm  Reply

Made this tonight. It was SO delicious!! I've never made fried rice at home
before so I was skeptical but it was super easy and yummy. Whole family loved
it. Will definitely make it again soon! Thank you! ☺️

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- September 1, 2020 @ 7:17 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad it delicious and you’ll definitely make
it again!

  29. **Taylor** -- August 26, 2020 @ 5:03 pm  Reply

So easy and so good!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- August 27, 2020 @ 7:28 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad it was so easy and so good!

  30. **Vinnie K.** -- August 7, 2020 @ 9:11 am  Reply

I tried the recipe for shrimp fried rice and loved it. My husband who doesn't
usually like Asian food loved it and had two helpings of it. Thank you. Will
be looking into your other recipes. Thank you.'  
Vinnie K.

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- August 7, 2020 @ 5:31 pm  Reply

Glad this was a winner for you and your husband!

  31. **MSO** -- June 23, 2020 @ 10:38 pm  Reply

I don't actually cook but I made this and it was easy to make. I cooked it for
my family twice and they raved about it both times!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- June 24, 2020 @ 7:24 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad this was easy for you and your family
raved about it!

  32. **Adam Fink** -- June 23, 2020 @ 7:46 pm  Reply

I made this recipe tonight, it was great and definitely better than takeout, I
added extra garlic and frozen green beans, super convenient with minimal
cleaning afterwards. I had my own leftover jasmine rice from last night and it
worked out perfectly.

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- June 24, 2020 @ 7:25 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad the leftover jasmine rice you had on
hand worked great!

  33. **Bernice** -- June 22, 2020 @ 12:21 pm  Reply

My husband says this is the best fried rice he has ever had. Quick, easy, we
love it!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- June 22, 2020 @ 6:49 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad it's the best fried rice he's ever had
and quick and easy!

  34. **Jasmine** -- June 17, 2020 @ 9:11 pm  Reply

This is sooooo good! My family loves it! Thank you!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- June 17, 2020 @ 10:21 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad your family loves it!

  35. **Kristal** -- June 16, 2020 @ 11:41 am  Reply

Comes out out perfect everytime ! Definitely a family favorite :)

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- June 16, 2020 @ 4:52 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad this comes out perfect every time and is
a family favorite!

  36. **Tracyhutley** -- June 13, 2020 @ 12:26 pm  Reply

The shrimp fried rice recipe , it came out very very good thanks ,

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- June 13, 2020 @ 5:21 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad it came out very well!

  37. **Patti in Texas** -- June 12, 2020 @ 5:52 pm  Reply

My Daughter-In-Law shared this recipe with me, saying their family loved it!
Whoa! It was simple to make, healthy and very tasty! I followed the recipe
exactly and it turned out great! This will become a weekly dinner for us!
Thank you for sharing this wonderful recipe!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- June 13, 2020 @ 8:05 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad it turned out great for you and it will
become a weekly dinner! Thanks to your DIL as well for sharing the recipe and
my site with you!

  38. **Nancy** -- June 8, 2020 @ 4:47 pm  Reply

THanks so much for the recipe…..came out very delicious n easy to make, love
this!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- June 9, 2020 @ 8:59 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad it was easy and delicious!

  39. **billy jordan** -- May 21, 2020 @ 6:35 pm  Reply

cooked it for the family the all loved it, used large shrimp made a great dish
even better

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- May 22, 2020 @ 7:09 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad the family loved it!

  40. **G.B** -- May 16, 2020 @ 8:48 am  Reply

Great recipe and it was better than takeout. Cooked it without corn since my
takeout usually has no corn.

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- May 16, 2020 @ 8:50 am  Reply

Glad to hear it was better than takeout for you!

  41. **Kim** -- May 16, 2020 @ 8:43 am  Reply

Oh my, I just made this recipe as given and it's quite easy and yummy. I had
all my ingredients out so it would flow seamlessly. Thank you for sharing.

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- May 16, 2020 @ 8:51 am  Reply

Glad it turned out wonderfully for you!

  42. **Diana** -- May 15, 2020 @ 6:25 pm  Reply

Absolutely delicious. My favorite shrimp fried rice recipe by far!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- May 15, 2020 @ 6:30 pm  Reply

Thanks for the five star review and glad you loved it and it's your favorite
by far!

  43. **Connie** -- May 8, 2020 @ 2:31 pm  Reply

I made this last week, and making it again for dinner tonight. I have all of
the ingredients, though nearly out of sesame oil, and I am thawing frozen raw
shrimp right now. I don't have green onion either, but chopped sweet onion
will do. This is so easy to make and definitely rivals my favorite Chinese
takeout. Any ideas for egg rolls?

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- May 9, 2020 @ 7:06 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad you love this recipe and are making due
with what you have on hand.

Egg rolls…make this filling https://www.averiecooks.com/chicken-egg-roll-
bowls/ it is amazing and if you love the fried rice, that will be right up
your alley too. You can of course then wrap in egg roll wrappers and fry them
but I don't. I almost never fry things in my house because I can smell it for
days. The filling is good enough on it's on you don't need to wrappers :)

  44. **Amanda Clites-Cartagena** -- May 7, 2020 @ 2:27 pm  Reply

This was the best fried rice I ever made. Thank you for the recipe.Just a
little alterations for me:I used half the sesame oil (it gets to be too much
for me)added 1/4 cup chopped yellow onion and sauteed before I added the
veggies.The veggies were canned because unfortunately I didn't have frozen.It
was fabulous and even my picky toddler loved it.

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- May 8, 2020 @ 6:10 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad this was the best fried rice you've ever
made!

  45. **Angela** -- April 29, 2020 @ 5:50 am  Reply

If I use fresh peas and carrots. Should I precook them? Or will they cook just
fine if I put them in raw?

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- April 29, 2020 @ 7:16 am  Reply

Carrots, I would cook since they will be pretty hard and firm otherwise. Peas,
I don't think it's necessary.

  46. **Gail Taylor** -- April 28, 2020 @ 7:53 pm  Reply

The recipe was perfect. I made everything as stated and my husband loved it.
He actually said thumbs up baby! Since the virus I have been cooking a lot
more and experimenting with different recipes. I did not grow up cooking in my
moms kitchen. I wanted no parts of it. I was going to have a maid when I grew
up. Well I am grown and no maid. But my culinary skills are showing signs of
promise. We have been very focused on eating healthy and our fridge is loaded
with fruits and veggies. I don't eat meat but I eat seafood and my husband
doesn't eat pork, so we are always searching for good tasty recipes. This was
so easy to follow, so well laid out, the video was spot on and the pictures
truly drew me in. I had some cooked rice in the fridge and used fresh shrimp.
The frozen vegetables actually tasted good too. Thank you for helping me shine
in the kitchen during a time when being at home and staying safe inside is
paramount. A great meal puts smiles on everyone's face.

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- April 29, 2020 @ 7:13 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad this recipe helped you shine and that it
was a winner!

  47. **Tami Davis** -- April 22, 2020 @ 5:10 pm  Reply

Been using this recipe for a couple years now. Everyone has liked it. Only
thing I do different is add some regular onion and leave out the corn.

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- April 22, 2020 @ 6:23 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad you've been a fan of this for years now!

  48. **Jacquie Hooker** -- April 21, 2020 @ 8:15 am  Reply

WoW, this recipe is GREAT! We have 3 girls (1 is 15 and 2 are 21) and one of
them asked for shrimp fried rice. I don’t enjoy cooking and am very easily
intimidated. I found this recipe and decided to go for it. I am so glad I did.
All 3 of the girls and my husband loved it (one said she would prefer it
without the corn, due to the sweetness, but the others all liked the corn).
Your recipe was very easy to follow and fast. I was surprised at how quickly
we had dinner on the table. Since this recipe moves so quickly, I would
recommend to everyone to make sure you have everything ready to go, there is
not any downtime (which I love!).This was the first time we have tried one of
your recipes (I found you on Google), but now I am trolling your website and
there are quite a few things I have found to try. Thank you for breaking this
recipe down and keeping it simple! You have fans at our house!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- April 21, 2020 @ 9:20 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad this turned out great!

I try to keep all my recipes easy, fast, simple to follow - glad it was noted
and appreciated by you.

  49. **Renée Maryland** -- April 17, 2020 @ 2:30 pm  Reply

The shrimp fried rice is excellent although I made it with shrimp AND
chicken!!! Very very tasty

  50. **Maxine king** -- April 17, 2020 @ 9:43 am  Reply

Hi I really enjoyed the Menu for Shrimp fried rice it was my first time it was
good but I will do better Next time thank you so much very helpful

    * **Guinny M** -- August 2, 2020 @ 7:46 am  Reply

I made the shrimp fried rice and it was delicious. The only change I would
make is adding white or yellow onions for a spicier flavor.

Rating:  5

      * **Averie Sunshine** -- August 3, 2020 @ 7:20 am 

Thanks for the 5 star review and I am glad it was delicious and yes feel free
to add some onions next time or a few shakes of red chili flakes does the
trick too when I want it to have a little kick.

  51. **Semone Esdaile** -- April 17, 2020 @ 1:56 am  Reply

I didn't prepare the meal exactly the way it was mentioned but I did however
used your instructions as a guide. My children absolutely loved it. Thanks.

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- April 17, 2020 @ 6:48 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad my recipe gave you a great guide for
your meal and that your children loved it!

  52. **Laura Grow** -- March 25, 2020 @ 7:42 am  Reply

This was so easy and very delicious! I changed it up a bit, as my family
doesn't like frozen veggies. I used small diced carrots, celery, cabbage and
sweet onion. I increased the eggs to 4, b/c we like it a bit eggier. Thanks
for the inspiration!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- March 25, 2020 @ 9:35 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad you were able to use fresh veggies and
increased the eggs to your family's liking!

    * **Jessica Martin** -- April 16, 2020 @ 9:04 pm  Reply

Absolutely loved it

      * **Averie Sunshine** -- April 17, 2020 @ 6:49 am 

Glad you loved it!

  53. **Billy** -- March 22, 2020 @ 3:54 pm  Reply

There are so many graphics and ads it took minutes to get down to the recipe.
I will do my best to avoid this site in spite of the fact that I like it.

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- March 22, 2020 @ 8:45 pm  Reply

Feel free to go buy cookbooks or check other online sources for recipes. Ads
pay the bills so I can keep creating free content for you and others.

    * **Shennae** -- April 27, 2020 @ 2:34 pm  Reply

Now I'm no genius or anything… but…Why not just do like everyone else does &
keep scrolling until you get to the recipe?

      * **Averie Sunshine** -- April 27, 2020 @ 4:01 pm 

Thank you. Agreed!

  54. **Priscilla** -- March 22, 2020 @ 12:22 pm  Reply

This was wonderful! It is my family’s new favorite fried rice recipe. Thank
you for making it available

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- March 22, 2020 @ 8:45 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad this is your family's new favorite fried
rice recipe!

  55. **Anne** -- March 20, 2020 @ 4:27 am  Reply

I enjoyed this as-is, but even more the second time around when I upped the
veggies, sesame/canola oil ratio, and ginger(used 'real' from a tube instead
of powdered). At the end (at a friend's suggestion) I mixed in a drizzle of
maple syrup, which added a depth of flavor and a little bit of stickiness,
like you get in the restaurant. Fab!!

Rating:  4

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- March 20, 2020 @ 9:46 am  Reply

I've never had maple syrup with shrimp fried rice. Glad you enjoyed it!

  56. **Lauren** -- March 7, 2020 @ 6:14 am  Reply

Delicious!! Discovered this recipe looking for easy and budget friendly dinner
ideas and this one was a hit! Looking forward to trying more "better than
take-out" recipes

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- March 7, 2020 @ 6:45 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad it turned out deliciously for you!

  57. **Shure Lifton** -- March 3, 2020 @ 7:30 pm  Reply

Wonderful and you're right … better than takeout. I've made the dish twice
within the past six days (for different guests, of course). A hit both
times!Thank you much,

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- March 4, 2020 @ 6:46 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad this was wonderful (twice in 6 days) and
better than takeout!

  58. **Nan Frost** -- February 28, 2020 @ 3:06 pm  Reply

This was easy and delicious! I made it with things I had on hand and added
fresh celery and shallots (I didn't have green onions) and my husband and I
loved it.

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- February 28, 2020 @ 4:43 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad it was easy and delicious and good job
making it with what you had on hand!

  59. **Cheri Cassady** -- February 22, 2020 @ 6:21 am  Reply

I already have shrimp that's cooked, deveined and peeled…no tails in the
freezer. I am guessing I can thaw and just add in at the end. Tips
appreciated, I am thinking the first step adds some great flavor. Thanks

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- February 22, 2020 @ 7:38 am  Reply

Yes that's what I would do, thaw it at room temp, and then at the very last
minute add it to the dish just to get it warmed through and flavored.

  60. **MARIAN** -- February 18, 2020 @ 3:08 pm  Reply

This was easy and the tastiest shrimp fry rice I've tried yet!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- February 18, 2020 @ 4:37 pm  Reply

Glad it was easy and tastiest shrimp fried rice you've tried!

  61. **Beth Ann Pellerin** -- February 10, 2020 @ 6:02 pm  Reply

Made this for my family tonight and it was a slam dunk! Awesome recipe.
Thanks!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- February 11, 2020 @ 6:27 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and I am glad it was a slam dunk for your family!

  62. **Marina** -- February 5, 2020 @ 11:48 pm  Reply

I made this tonight to use up some rice I've had in the fridge for a few days
(which is perfect for fried rice!) along with mushrooms and green onion that
needed to be used asap. I only had frozen corn, which along with mushrooms,
egg, and shrimp was plenty filling. Absolutely delicious, hubby loved it as
well!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- February 6, 2020 @ 7:28 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad you were able to make this and use up
your various odds and ends!

  63. **Julie** -- January 31, 2020 @ 9:19 pm  Reply

I made this tonight for my family I doubled the recipe, added 1 chopped onion
and it turned out great! Family really enjoyed it. Will make this again for
sure.JC

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- February 1, 2020 @ 7:08 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad it turned out great and that you will
make it again for sure!

  64. **Anne Harrigan** -- January 26, 2020 @ 9:27 am  Reply

Loved this recipe!! So easy and YUMMY!! I will make again and again!! I took
some to work for lunch and my coworkers wanted to know what Chinese Restaurant
I got it!! 😊

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- January 26, 2020 @ 2:48 pm  Reply

Thanks for the five star review and I’m glad you’ll make this again and again,
and then on top of that you fooled your coworkers into thinking you got this
from a Chinese restaurant!

  65. **Johnny B** -- January 7, 2020 @ 2:36 pm  Reply

Typical guy rooting around the kitchen looking for something for dinner I
can't believe I found Ginger in the cabinet but no soy sauce but I did find a
little packages from the Chinese restaurant so I used a couple of those this
came out terrific I can't believe it I feel like Emeril

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- January 7, 2020 @ 5:33 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and great ingenuity to use your leftover Chinese
restaurant packets of soy sauce! Glad this turned out terrific and you feel
like Emeril!

  66. **June Holloway** -- December 30, 2019 @ 6:40 pm  Reply

Omigosh, this was perfect! I under cooked the shrimp a tad allowing for
further cooking in the reheating phase. I went light on the soy sauce so had
to add a little to the finished product. All in all, a ten plus. Totally
awesome!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- January 1, 2020 @ 7:14 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad this was perfect! Great thinking ahead
too on the shrimp for future reheating!

  67. **Andrea** -- December 9, 2019 @ 10:35 am  Reply

Absolutely amazing! Super easy to make and extremely flavorful. This will
definitely be on rotation at my house. Thank you for the great recipe!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- December 9, 2019 @ 3:44 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad this was super easy, extremely
flavorful, and will be on rotation for you!

  68. **Pat** -- November 7, 2019 @ 7:22 pm  Reply

Best shrimp fried rice I’ve ever made or ate. My daughter agrees

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- November 7, 2019 @ 11:53 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and I am glad that it’s the best shrimp fried
rice you or your daughter have ever eaten or made!

  69. **Yoshi** -- November 7, 2019 @ 6:42 pm  Reply

DELICIOUS! Usually, I have to tweak the recipe a little but this one is
perfect as is.

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- November 7, 2019 @ 6:43 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and I am glad that it's delicious as is and you
didn't need to tweak it!

  70. **Joy** -- October 2, 2019 @ 6:48 pm  Reply

This is a great recipe & very easy to make. It was delicious! I added baby bok
choy & mushroomsDefinitely more flavorful with fresh shrimp vs previously
cooked

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- October 3, 2019 @ 9:08 am  Reply

Thanks for the five star review and I’m glad it was tasty and easy for you! I
agree about your shrimp comment totally!

  71. **Jenny R** -- August 7, 2019 @ 7:40 pm  Reply

This is awesome. I did use Knorr rice pilaf for nthe rice. So good and we get
tired of too asiany or too lemony so this was perfect! a weekly keeper. Thank
you!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- August 8, 2019 @ 5:59 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad this is a weekly keeper for you!

  72. **Amelia** -- July 31, 2019 @ 4:34 pm  Reply

I don't normally leave comments anywhere but I have to thank you for this
recipe. I made it today and my husband was very happy. I'm always struggling
to find what to make for dinner and this was a success. This will be a regular
for us.

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- July 31, 2019 @ 6:07 pm  Reply

Glad it will be a regular for you and thanks for leaving a comment!

  73. **Jaevee** -- July 16, 2019 @ 5:40 pm  Reply

Super easy taste great this is my fourth time making it I’m in love and refuse
to ever buy fried rice again when I can make it at home this good..

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- July 16, 2019 @ 5:59 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad you will never buy it out again! I
agree, when it's this good and easy at home, why bother with a restaurant!

  74. **Alisha N** -- June 22, 2019 @ 2:28 am  Reply

Had to alter a few things here and there bc I didn’t have em but I’ve
literally never made fried rice this good. Simple and feels like I’ve
discovered the secrets of all the restaurants where I’ve eaten this dish!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- June 22, 2019 @ 5:42 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad that you feel like you've discovered all
the restaurant secrets and that it's the best fried rice you've made!

  75. **Michele villa** -- June 11, 2019 @ 10:16 am  Reply

I have made this recipe 4 times 😋 Twice with shrimp that needed to be cooked
and twice with precooked shrimp. Both were good but I really prefer the
additional flavor when using uncooked shrimp. Just recently I started using
fresh grated ginger and Wow did it bring this up a notch!  
My family is all smiles when I make this for dinner 😉

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- June 11, 2019 @ 8:18 pm  Reply

Yes the uncooked shrimp will deliver more overall flavor for sure. And yes to
the fresh ginger as well!

Glad your family loves this!

  76. **Sevdalina** -- June 9, 2019 @ 7:33 pm  Reply

Amazing recipe, thank you!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- June 10, 2019 @ 9:21 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad you loved it!

  77. **Melissa** -- April 30, 2019 @ 5:55 pm  Reply

Omg I just made it and my whole family loved it! Next time I’ll add a bit of
cayenne pepper or something because my husband is African and has gotten me so
use to spicy food lol! But thanks so much 💕

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- April 30, 2019 @ 7:38 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad the whole family loved it. I loooove
spicy food too and can relate!

  78. **Lynne C Stanley** -- April 16, 2019 @ 5:48 am  Reply

Excellent dish! Just the right amount of all the ingredients for an easy and
flavorful dish. This one is a keeper!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- April 16, 2019 @ 9:56 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and I’m glad this is a keeper!

  79. **Chantell** -- April 15, 2019 @ 5:30 am  Reply

I wanted to try something different with shrimp and did a Google search for
shrimp fried rice and this one came up. I can honestly say that it was easy.
The supermarket was out of scalluons ( go figure) but I used a chopped white
onion instead. My husband and I loved it. I did use one package of brown whole
grain rice and one package of white Jasmine Basmati rice (both instant). It
was delicious. I did season my shrimp for more flavoring. Will try this with
chicken next time. Will try more receipes as well. Quick, easy and tastt.

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- April 15, 2019 @ 6:40 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and I’m glad it turned out well and that you'll
give other recipes a try, too.

  80. **Bee** -- April 9, 2019 @ 3:55 am  Reply

My entire family loves this recipe. Shrimp fried rice is SO GOOD!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- April 9, 2019 @ 5:59 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad your whole family loves it!

  81. **Theresa** -- April 5, 2019 @ 4:59 pm  Reply

I made this recipe for dinner, we enjoyed it. Will be making again. Thanks

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- April 7, 2019 @ 7:36 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and I'm glad you will make it again!

  82. **Mary** -- March 15, 2019 @ 3:38 pm  Reply

Made this tonight for dinner. It was seriously yummy. Thanks for the recipe.

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- March 16, 2019 @ 6:39 am  Reply

Thanks for the five star review and I’m glad it was seriously yummy!

  83. **Charlie** -- March 12, 2019 @ 5:48 pm  Reply

I've tried many fried rice recipes and have tried my own hand at it, after
watching cooks at a Japanese restaurant but this is by far the BEST fried rice
recipe I have ever tried. Super easy to make and tasted fantastic! The fam and
I LOVED it. I'll be keeping this and searching your other recipes too! Great
job and thank you!

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- March 12, 2019 @ 6:59 pm  Reply

Glad this is by far the best fried rice recipe you've ever tried and that your
family loved it too!

  84. **Krista** -- March 10, 2019 @ 4:51 pm  Reply

Thank you so much Averie! My kids loved this rice! Look forward to trying more
of your great recipes. :)

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- March 10, 2019 @ 4:56 pm  Reply

Thanks for the five star review and I’m glad it was a hit with the kids!

    * **YY** -- December 17, 2019 @ 5:11 pm  Reply

Simple, easy and now a favorite! I didn't even realize I had all these simple
ingredients already in my cabinets and fridge! Everyone loved it, even the
picky 2yo!

Rating:  5

      * **Averie Sunshine** -- December 17, 2019 @ 6:04 pm 

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad that everyone including the 2 year old
loved it!

  85. **tammy Hofius** -- February 25, 2019 @ 2:05 pm  Reply

I've made this numerous times. There were times that I added the shrimp and
chicken. My fiancé only likes fried rice from fried rice from one restaurant
that is 1 1/2 hours away from us, but when I made this he wants me to make it
at least 2-3 times a month. Thanks

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- February 26, 2019 @ 3:42 pm  Reply

Thanks for the five star review and I’m glad this is on rotation for you!

  86. **Elaine Parker** -- February 20, 2019 @ 4:38 pm  Reply

This was fantastic, definitely a keeper, thank you so much!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- February 20, 2019 @ 6:37 pm  Reply

Thanks for the five star review and I’m glad this is a keeper for you!

  87. **Leslie** -- February 17, 2019 @ 7:05 pm  Reply

I'd never made fried rice, discovered this after a search and it worked out
beautifully!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- February 18, 2019 @ 8:52 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad this worked out beautifully for you!

  88. **Lori Harber** -- February 6, 2019 @ 4:22 pm  Reply

Super Easy Shrimp Fried Rice! My first recipe with you! Absolutely delicious
and everyone loved it!

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- February 7, 2019 @ 4:27 am  Reply

Glad it was a hit with everyone!

  89. **Magdalena** -- February 5, 2019 @ 11:13 am  Reply

I loved it. It was simple to make, healthy and very tasty. Definitely making
it again. Thank you for the recipe.

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- February 5, 2019 @ 7:31 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and I’m glad you will make it again!

    * **Sophia Edgecombe** -- March 16, 2019 @ 5:11 pm  Reply

I just made this for supper and omg amazing d delicious!this was hit a d a
keeper. Thanks for Sharing

      * **Averie Sunshine** -- March 17, 2019 @ 11:22 am 

I'm glad it's a keeper for you!

  90. **Oveda** -- January 30, 2019 @ 7:23 pm  Reply

I just made this recipe tonight for my boyfriend and he loved it! I wasnt
taught how to cook, growing up, but I followed your instructions and it came
out PERFECT! I got two thumbs up and a high five. He even requested that I
make it again.

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- January 31, 2019 @ 6:39 am  Reply

Thanks for the five star review and I’m glad your boyfriend requested that you
make this again!

  91. **Oveda** -- January 30, 2019 @ 7:21 pm  Reply

I just made this recipe tonight for my boyfriend and he loved it! I wasnt
taught how to cook, growing up, byt I followed your instructions and kt came
out PERFECT! I got two thumbs up and a high five. He even requested that I
make it again.

Rating:  5

  92. **Kaitie** -- January 17, 2019 @ 4:38 pm  Reply

This was a very good and simple recipe that was quick to make and is quite
delicious!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- January 17, 2019 @ 5:38 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad it was simply, quick, and delicious for
you!

  93. **Frank** -- January 12, 2019 @ 2:18 pm  Reply

Averie I made this exactly as printed and it was excellent. This is a simpler
recipe than the one I’ve been using. I had day old cold rice to use but I’m
happy to learn packaged rice works well also. Same goes for using the veggies
right out of the freezer. Medium large shrimp are the perfect size for this
dish, although I can see medium but it’s a stretch. Btw, another way to do the
eggs is to add them just after you add the rice but before the soy sauce. They
cook up while the rice is warming and are well-distributed. This is an
excellent recipe. I’m going to try your chicken fried rice this week using
packagaed rice just because!!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- January 13, 2019 @ 5:16 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad you will try the chicken version this
week as well!

  94. **Paul** -- January 11, 2019 @ 11:41 pm  Reply

I was out at the grocery store and needed to check a fried rice recipe to use
up leftover rice from last nights dinner and found yours.I have always
considered fried rice a way to use up leftover rice and other things.Large
shrimp should be reserved for main dishes where they will get the most bang
for your buck. I make fried rice with 60 to 71 shrimp count easy peel for less
than $4 a #.Bite sized and cook much quicker than big ones.I use most of your
ingredients but I put in some Ground bean sauce(Koon Chun),cloud
ears,bambo,water chestnut,too As I've already stated its a leftover dish at
home and one I would never order at a restaurant because the price cost as
much or more than dishes with no rice which you get for free .I cook
everything in batches because home woks and stoves are too small. To get
everything in and then add raw eggs as you instructed would turn the dish into
a glob ready for the garbage can.My wife is Taiwanese and after 45 years of
marriage she has trained me to be a pretty good cook.lol Tomorrow is Cantonese
roast pork belly.xie xie

Rating:  4

  95. **Ed Goss** -- January 7, 2019 @ 2:43 pm  Reply

This was excellent. What a great way to use up your left over shrimp. I am not
a ginger person and next time will probably omit the ginger (I used very
little). I cannot wait to make a double dish for an upcoming party. Thank you!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- January 7, 2019 @ 5:43 pm  Reply

Thanks for the five star review and I’m glad that you will double it and make
it again for an upcoming party!

  96. **Rosemary OBryan** -- January 2, 2019 @ 11:30 am  Reply

My husband wanted Shrimp Fried Rice on New Year's Eve.. I made this recipe and
it was DELICIOUS. Easy to make, full of flavor and my husband loved it..

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- January 2, 2019 @ 5:35 pm  Reply

Thanks for the five star review and I’m glad this was delish for you and your
hubby loved it!

  97. **Kelly** -- January 1, 2019 @ 10:55 am  Reply

Modified slightly to use leftover cooked shrimp and leftover rice pilaf. The
result was delicious!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- January 1, 2019 @ 4:12 pm  Reply

Thanks for the five star review and I’m glad this worked well for you using
your extra rice pilaf!

  98. **Mith E** -- November 25, 2018 @ 9:19 pm  Reply

I made a variety of substitutions and accidentally put a substantial squeeze
of ginger paste, but found the recipe versatile enough to stand up to the
changes. Thank you for the inspiration to go beyond bottled stir-fry sauce!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- November 26, 2018 @ 4:43 am  Reply

You're welcome and thanks for the 5 star review!

  99. **Cindy Ferguson** -- November 15, 2018 @ 2:31 am  Reply

Loved it! Turned out great!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- November 15, 2018 @ 5:28 am  Reply

Thanks for the five star review and I’m glad it came out great for you!

  100. **KayL** -- November 14, 2018 @ 9:02 am  Reply

This recipe is, in a few words, SIMPLE and DELICIOUS! I didn't have the time
to cook the rice a day in advance, so I cooked it on the day I made the
recipe, froze it for about twenty minutes, then proceeded with the rest of the
recipe. It was an instant hit for us! To make things even better, it uses
staple ingredients that we have on hand. Averie, thank you for sharing such an
easy, delectable, recipe with us!!!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- November 15, 2018 @ 5:26 am  Reply

Thanks for the five star review and I’m glad you loved this and that it uses
staple ingredients you have on hand!

  101. **Elise** -- November 4, 2018 @ 4:06 pm  Reply

This was so easy and delicious. I just used peas and corn as that is what I
had. The only thing I did differently is that I used fresh ginger. Fresh
ginger is a little more intense but I like the taste of ginger in my Chinese
food

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- November 4, 2018 @ 6:41 pm  Reply

Thanks for the five star review in fresh ginger is always lovely!

  102. **Rhonda Maire** -- August 23, 2018 @ 3:28 pm  Reply

Easy peasy & delish!!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- August 23, 2018 @ 6:27 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad this was easy and delish!

  103. **Dawna** -- August 18, 2018 @ 7:43 pm  Reply

Very delicious! First time I have made Chinese food and it came out perfectly.
Thanks for posting.

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- August 19, 2018 @ 4:58 am  Reply

Thanks for the five star review and glad this came out perfectly for you!

  104. **Ed** -- August 15, 2018 @ 4:31 pm  Reply

What is the calories and sodium and protein on this dish

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- August 15, 2018 @ 4:55 pm  Reply

Check the stats that are provided by clicking the orange box within the
recipe.

  105. **Ed** -- August 15, 2018 @ 3:58 pm  Reply

Can u use instant white rice or does it have to be regular white rice. And I
have made this before! It was gooood. We like food like this. I just couldn’t
remember which rice would b better.

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- August 15, 2018 @ 4:56 pm  Reply

I use precooked rice in pouches to save time. The rice of your liking must be
cooked before proceeding with the recipe.

  106. **Andrea Nickell** -- August 8, 2018 @ 4:55 pm  Reply

Seriously amazing and so easy!!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- August 8, 2018 @ 5:14 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad you loved it!

  107. **Laura J** -- July 11, 2018 @ 3:31 pm  Reply

I have made the Shrimp Fried rice nearly to the exact recipe several times. It
is exquisite. I use ginger paste instead of fresh ginger. Last time I ran out
of white Jasmati rice and used 1/2 cup of that and 1/2 cup Royal blend whole
grain (split the cooking time between the two- turned out great). Tonight I’m
using leftover pork chops, diced, and the whole grain rice but will still
follow the base recipe. My household Loves this dish and it’s so easy. Also, I
made this for a Paleo family and used refined coconut oil instead of veg.
Please note- coconut oil cooks hotter and seemed to absorb more so I had to
add extra at the end. This recipe Rocks and I never have leftovers in this
house!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- July 11, 2018 @ 3:58 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad you love the recipe!

  108. **Kelly B.** -- July 8, 2018 @ 6:56 pm  Reply

Great, easy recipe! I didn't have any frozen corn or carrots on hand so I just
used the peas and diced up some zucchini and mushrooms I had in the fridge. I
willdefinitely be making this again and am sending recipe to both of my
daughters!Any suggestions on changes if I use chicken instead or will it work
fine?

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- July 9, 2018 @ 6:05 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad you loved it!

Chicken version https://www.averiecooks.com/easy-better-takeout-chicken-fried-
rice/

  109. **Gerri R.** -- June 26, 2018 @ 1:15 am  Reply

This was a good recipe, Easy and adaptable. It uses ingredients I already have
in my pantry , and you can use any type of meat you have available.

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- June 26, 2018 @ 8:00 am  Reply

Thanks for trying the recipe and I'm glad you enjoyed it!

      * **Johanna** -- February 7, 2019 @ 9:59 pm 

Hi Averie, what can I use in place of sesame oil.

      * **Averie Sunshine** -- February 8, 2019 @ 5:26 am 

For an authentic taste, not really anything. But I would use vegetable,
canola, or olive oil if you're not using sesame.

  110. **Kris** -- June 24, 2018 @ 7:17 pm  Reply

This was so good! First time making fried rice and it got rave reviews. I had
leftover corn on cob so just cut it off the cob and used that with the frozen
peas and carrots. It's a new favorite for our family. I'll try the chicken
version next. Thanks for the clear directions and great recipe.

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- June 24, 2018 @ 7:25 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad this got rave reviews! Funny I just made
my own recipe for chicken fried rice today :) The corn on the cob sounds
great!

      * **Tessa** -- January 11, 2019 @ 3:26 pm 

Can I use tomatoes instead of peas and carrots? I’m also not a fan of onions
and garlic

      * **Averie Sunshine** -- January 12, 2019 @ 7:03 am 

Probably; although it's not a very traditional item to put in fried rice.

  111. **Michelle** -- June 23, 2018 @ 6:06 pm  Reply

Delicious! This was mine and my husband's first attempt at fried rice. We're
so glad we found this recipe! Juicy, filling and full of flavor. We just
finished eating and I'm already looking forward to leftovers tomorrow.

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- June 24, 2018 @ 10:16 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad you loved this recipe!

  112. **leslie** -- June 9, 2018 @ 6:41 pm  Reply

this was the best take out fried rice ever. …my husband loved it i added
scallops along with shrimp and it was a rave never again will i order fried
rice unless its day after christmas thanks again for the recipe!!!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- June 10, 2018 @ 6:13 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad you loved this fried rice and will never
need to order it again!

  113. **Wendy Molloy** -- June 6, 2018 @ 2:34 pm  Reply

I made this last night for my husband (who says he doesn’t like shrimp…HA!)
and son to take to work with them in the morning. Feedback…an emphatic
DELICIOUS! I saved a little bit for myself…gotta agree with them! (wish I’d
saved more) . I’ll definitely be making this again.

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- June 6, 2018 @ 3:51 pm  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad you all loved this dish!

  114. **Amanda D.** -- May 14, 2018 @ 9:54 am  Reply

Tired this recipe over the weekend…my three lil boys loved it (even the picky
eater)! I used a combination of quinoa and rice instead of just rice, but it
was otherwise just as the recipe says. Way less greasy, better tasting, and
healthier than restaurant shrimp fried rice :)

Rating:  5

  115. **Ann Boushie** -- May 3, 2018 @ 7:23 pm  Reply

I tried another fried rice the other week and was a bit disappointed. Found
yours today and it was perfect! I omitted the corn, but other than that
followed the recipe. We made homemade YumYum sauce and my daughters were
thrilled! Thank you! Delicious, quick, and easy!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- May 4, 2018 @ 5:02 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad my recipe did not disappoint!

  116. **CG** -- May 2, 2018 @ 6:24 am  Reply

Could you use the already cooked and deveined frozen shrimp?

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- May 2, 2018 @ 8:18 am  Reply

Yes but I feel like they lack a bit of flavor. And I would add them very close
to the end so they do not become rubbery.

  117. **Lydia miller** -- April 28, 2018 @ 6:17 pm  Reply

Great recipe! I have to cook at least once a week now since my family fell in
love with it!

Rating:  5

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- April 29, 2018 @ 6:42 am  Reply

Thanks for the 5 star review and glad this is a weekly hit for your family!

  118. **Elizabeth** -- March 10, 2018 @ 3:26 pm  Reply

how many calories per serving?

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- March 11, 2018 @ 7:37 am  Reply

Click on the Nutrition Information box underneath the recipe for an
APPROXIMATE estimate of the stats.

  119. **Pam** -- January 21, 2018 @ 4:09 pm  Reply

Tried this dish for dinner tonight; it was amazing. The only change I made was
to first season my shrimp with some Old Bay for a little flavor kick. Thank
you for a winning recipe.

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- January 21, 2018 @ 6:24 pm  Reply

Thanks for trying the recipe and I'm glad it was amazing for you!

  120. **Nancy Q** -- January 20, 2018 @ 3:49 pm  Reply

This recipe is heaven sent! Everyone swore it tasted like hibachi fried rice.
Definitely a family favorite! :-)

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- January 20, 2018 @ 7:13 pm  Reply

I'm so glad you love it and that it's a family fave!

  121. **Shauntel** -- January 6, 2018 @ 7:35 am  Reply

Did u really use 4 cups of rice??? That’s a whole lot of rice….and judging
from the amount of the other ingredients, seems like it would be a whole lot
of rice with only bits of the other stuff in between

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- January 6, 2018 @ 6:28 pm  Reply

Yes and that's what fried rice is for us…mostly rice with some other bits and
pieces mixed in. You can always tinker with the ratios to suit your needs
although this is a very popular recipe with readers as written and people
write saying they love it as is.

  122. **Allison** -- December 12, 2017 @ 6:33 pm  Reply

I just tried the shrimp fried rice and it was so easy and yummy! And it took
almost no prep time which I LOVE. Thank you!

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- December 13, 2017 @ 7:25 am  Reply

Glad it was delish, fast, and almost no prep for you - I love that part too :)

  123. **Mara** -- October 9, 2017 @ 5:35 pm  Reply

If I use the precooked rice packets would I cook them right before adding to
the skillet or better to cook ahead of time so it’s more like “leftover?”  
Thanks!

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- October 9, 2017 @ 6:01 pm  Reply

I just do it literally right when I need them, but you can experiment with
further in advance if you like. Personally that sounds like too much planning
for me :)

  124. **Anna** -- October 2, 2017 @ 4:01 pm  Reply

How do I share this recipe with a friend via email?

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- October 2, 2017 @ 5:21 pm  Reply

I would send her the link to my website.

  125. **Elizabeth** -- August 29, 2017 @ 5:12 pm  Reply

Omg this was awesome and seriously easy! Thank you for helping us get out of
our normal dinner funk!

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- August 29, 2017 @ 5:33 pm  Reply

Thanks for trying the recipe and I’m glad it came out great for you and got
you out of the dinner funk!

  126. **Agnes Miller** -- August 26, 2017 @ 6:55 am  Reply

Tried the shrimp fried rice. Did some improv but it was really good. No left
overs

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- August 26, 2017 @ 11:35 am  Reply

Thanks for trying the recipe and I’m glad it came out great for you!

  127. **Anna** -- August 2, 2017 @ 4:33 pm  Reply

Another great recipe! I really enjoy how healthy you make these. I used brown
rice and added more veggies.

Thank you!

  128. **Paige** -- June 29, 2017 @ 2:19 pm  Reply

Could I use canned peas/corn/carrots? It's all I have but I really want this!

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- June 29, 2017 @ 3:34 pm  Reply

I'm sure they will be fine.

  129. **10 Mehndi** -- April 18, 2017 @ 3:31 am  Reply

Yum! Looks so delicious!!!!

  130. **Paula** -- April 14, 2017 @ 4:14 pm  Reply

I've been anxious to try this because we loved your chicken fried rice and a
friend just gave me some ramps yesterday. I've never had them but was excited
to use them tonight. The shrimp version is just as delicious and since we love
them both, a combination of the two might be fun in the near future!

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- April 14, 2017 @ 5:44 pm  Reply

Glad you tried the shrimp version and loved it! And yes a chicken/shrimp combo
would be great!

  131. **Dorothy @ Crazy for Crust** -- April 12, 2017 @ 6:51 am  Reply

Jordan loves shrimp, I bet this would get her to eat rice, lol!

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- April 12, 2017 @ 7:40 am  Reply

Lol that's right…she won't eat rice! I forgot what you're dealing with!

  132. **Bernice** -- April 12, 2017 @ 12:01 am  Reply

Nomnomnom! This recipe looks amazing. I want to try it!

  133. **donna c** -- April 11, 2017 @ 4:07 pm  Reply

Sort of made this tonight. I had chicken, leftover roasted cauliflower,
leftover roasted mushroom caps…added corn and matchstick carrots (from a bag).
The sauce and the aromatics were the same tho'. It was awesome even with my
random ingredients!! Thanks much saved my night!

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- April 11, 2017 @ 5:20 pm  Reply

Thanks for trying the recipe and glad it came out great for you! The random
ingredients sometimes are the BEST! I love roasted cauli and mushrooms, I bet
it was excellent!

  134. **Shawnna Griffin** -- April 11, 2017 @ 11:11 am  Reply

hey girl- this looks amazing! yummy!

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- April 11, 2017 @ 11:33 am  Reply

Thank you!

  135. **Deborah@ The Harvest Kitchen** -- April 10, 2017 @ 6:27 am  Reply

Looks pretty amazing!!!

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- April 10, 2017 @ 6:29 am  Reply

Thanks!

  136. **Tori//Gringalicious.com** -- April 10, 2017 @ 5:23 am  Reply

MMMMmmmmmmmm! Okay, yes I want some!

  137. **Paula** -- April 10, 2017 @ 4:03 am  Reply

I know we'll love this as much as the chicken version and I'm anxious to try
it!

    * **Averie Sunshine** -- April 10, 2017 @ 6:30 am  Reply

Awesome! Keep me posted and let me know what you think!

### _Welcome_ Hi! I’m Averie!

I'm so glad you've found my site! You'll find fast and easy recipes from
dinners to desserts that taste amazing and are geared for real life. Nothing
fussy or complicated, just awesome tasting dishes everyone loves!

More about me »

__________

#### Buy My Cookbook:

### Peanut Butter Comfort

#### Buy My Cookbook:

### Cooking with Pumpkin

### Find a Recipe:

__

### Categories

Categories Select Category 30-Minute Meals Air Fryer All Recipes Appetizers
Beverages    Alcohol    Coffee    Juice    Kombucha    Milkshakes    Smoothies
Bread, Rolls, Muffins & Breakfast    Eggs    French Toast    Muffins
Oatmeal    Pancakes    Pastries    Quickbread    Waffles    Yeast Bread Chips,
Crackers, Snack Mixes & Nuts    Chips    Crackers    Nuts    Party Mixes
Popcorn    Snack Mixes Christmas Christmas baking Christmas bark Christmas
blondies Christmas candy Christmas Cookies Christmas Crack Christmas desserts
Christmas parties Christmas punch Christmas sides Dessert    Bark    Bars &
Blondies    Brownies    Cakes & Cupcakes    Candy & Treats    Cheesecake
Chocolate    Cookies    Crisps    Crumbles    Cupcakes    Donuts    Frosting
Fudge    Granola Bars & Granola    Ice Cream & Frozen Treats    No-Bake Balls,
Cookie Dough & Truffles    Pies & Cheesecake    Pudding & Mousse    Puff
Pastry    Slow Cooker Dips & Condiments Dressings Drinks Entrees    Asian
Bacon    Beans & Lentils    Beef    Casserole    Chicken    Eggs    Fish
French    Greek    Ham    Indian    Italian    Macaroni & Cheese    Mexican
Pasta    Pizza    Pork    Rice    Rolls    Salad    Sandwiches    Sausage
Seafood    Shrimp    Sides, Salads & Vegetables    Slow Cooker    Spanish
Steak    Stir Fry    Thai    Tofu & Tempeh    Turkey    Wraps Extras Giveaways
Gluten-Free Greek yogurt Grill Instant Pot Monthly Recipe Recaps No-Bake
Peanut Butter Popular potatoes Raw Recipe Roundups roasted sweet potatoes
Sides Soup sweet potatoes Thanksgiving Thanksgiving leftovers Thanksgiving
sides Thanksgiving Things Things Posts Travel Vegan Vegetarian

### _free bonus ebook!_ Discover the secrets behind your favorite restaurant
recipes

Subscribe now to learn the **secret copycat recipes** the restaurants don't
want you to know about!

GO

### About

  * Home
  * About
  * FAQs

### Browse

  * All Recipes
  * Recipe Index
  * Extras
  * Travel

### Follow

  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Facebook
  * Twitter

### _buy my cookbooks!_

peanut butter comfort  
&  
Cooking with pumpkin

Buy Now

__

  * Home
  * Privacy Policy
  * Accessibility Statement
  * Contact
  * Work with Me

(C)2022 Averie Cooks. _Design byPurr._

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

