https://www.panlasangpinoymeatrecipes.com/seafood-fried-rice.htm


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Recipe
  * About This Site
  * eCook Book
  * Privacy Policy
  * Search

You are here: Home / Noodles and Rice / Seafood Fried Rice

# Seafood Fried Rice

July 11, 2020 by Manny 2 Comments

TweetPinShareYummly

Thinking of cooking fried rice but you are out of ideas what kind of fried
rice you want to cook? Try this seafood fried rice consisting of shrimps or
prawns, fish fillet and squid rings. Then tossed with veggies like green peas,
diced carrots, shredded lettuce and garnished with spring onions. This is a
healthy dish too because it does not contain chicken, beef or pork. This is
also a complete meal because the viand and the rice are already mixed
together.

To cook fried rice with seafoods; Heat oil in pan and saute garlic. Add
shrimps, fish cubes and squid rings. Stir- fry until cooked. Add rice, green
peas and diced carrots. Season with soy sauce, salt and pepper. Add beaten
egg. Allow to slightly set before stirring, Continue cooking until rice is
dry. Transfer to a serving platter, top with shredded lettuce and sprinkle
with chopped spring onion.



Print Recipe

5 from 2 votes

## How to Cook Seafood Fried Rice

Thinking of cooking fried rice but you are out of ideas what kind of fried
rice you want to cook? Try this seafood fried rice.

Prep Time10 mins

Cook Time15 mins

Total Time25 mins

Course: Rice recipe

Cuisine: Filipino

Keyword: seafood fried rice

Servings: 2 servings

Calories: 234kcal

Author: Manny

### Ingredients

  * 4 Tbsp. cooking oil
  * 2 cloves garlic chopped
  * 100 grams shrimps or prawns peeled and chopped
  * 100 grams fish fillets chopped into cubes
  * 100 grams squid rings
  * 2 bowls cooked rice cold
  * 50 grams green peas and diced carrots
  * 2 Tbsp. soy sauce
  * Salt and pepper
  * 1 egg beaten
  * shredded lettuce
  * chopped spring onion

### Instructions

#### How to cook Fried Rice with Seafoods:

  * Heat oil in pan and saute garlic.

  * Add shrimps, fish cubes and squid rings. Stir- fry until cooked.

  * Add rice, green peas and diced carrots. Season with soy sauce, salt and pepper.

  * Add beaten egg. Allow to slightly set before stirring, Continue cooking while stirring until rice is dry.

  * Transfer to a serving platter, top with shredded lettuce and sprinkle with chopped spring onion.



### Try Other Delicious Recipes:

  * Green Peas with Quail Eggs Another delicious vegetable dish consisting of green peas, pork, shrimps,‚Ä¶
  * Fresh Papaya Lumpia This fresh lumpia or lumpiang sariwa recipe is one of‚Ä¶
  * Chicken Paella Looking for a paella recipe that is easy on the‚Ä¶

Filed Under: Noodles and Rice Tagged With: fish fillets, prawns, seafoods
fried rice, squid rings

### Author Bio

Manny Montala is a webmaster and admin of this blog and one of his interest is
on the area of Filipino dishes and recipes. Please visit this blog often and
bookmark. Please read my about page for details. Thanks for visiting.

Previous Post: ¬´ Sambal Roasted Chicken

Next Post: Garlic Parmesan Chicken Wings ¬ª

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Mark Espinosa

January 13, 2022 at 10:37 am

  
Thanks for sharing this seafood fried rice recipe! I've been craving for this
fried rice for days!

Reply

    * Manny

January 17, 2022 at 10:27 am

  
Thanks for sharing your thoughts! üòÅ

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Anti-Spam Quiz: Which is spicy, chili or lemon?

## Primary Sidebar

### Search this Blog!

Search

  
  
  

### More Categories!

More Categories!Select CategoryAppetizersBeef RecipesChicken
RecipesCondimentsCooking TipsDimsumDuck RecipesFish RecipesGeneralGoat
RecipesHoliday Food IdeasMeat Pastries & DelicaciesNoodles and
RicePastriesPigeon recipesPork RecipesSalad RecipesSandwichesSauces and
GravyShellfish RecipesStreet FoodsTurkeyVegetables

Copyright (C) 2022 Panlasang Pinoy Meaty Recipes

