https://www.thetakeiteasychef.com/the-take-it-easy-fried-rice-recipe


### Follow us

  * facebook
  * twitter
  * instagram
  * pinterest
  * google

  * Indian Cuisine
    * Karnataka
    * Kerala
    * Goan
    * Indian
    * South Indian
  * Asian Cuisine
    * Asian
    * Burmese
    * Chinese
    * Korean
  * International Cuisine
    * American
    * British
    * Continental
    * English
    * Global
    * Italian
    * Morroccan

The take it easy chef

  * Home
  * About Me
  * Starters
  * Main Course
  * Desserts
  * More
    * Kitchen Tips & Tricks
    * Wraps
    * Pickles
    * Salads
    * Breakfast
  * Recipe Index

  * Home
  * About Me
  * Starters
  * Main Course
  * Desserts
  * More
    * Kitchen Tips & Tricks
    * Wraps
    * Pickles
    * Salads
    * Breakfast
  * Recipe Index

  * Home
  * About Me
  * Starters
  * Main Course
  * Desserts
  * More
    * Kitchen Tips & Tricks
    * Wraps
    * Pickles
    * Salads
    * Breakfast
  * Recipe Index

Home ¬ª 'The Take-It-Easy' Fried Rice

# 'The Take-It-Easy' Fried Rice

in dairy free, Main Course, medium, non vegetarian, seafood

Jump to Recipe \- Print Recipe

This easy fried rice recipe is a great dinner idea for your busy weekdays.
Except for the fish, chicken, _paneer_ , or any other main ingredient that you
want to use, all the other required ingredients almost always available in
your fridge and kitchen.

> Here is a fried rice that can beat your favourite takeaway!

Every time we have a get-together, my cousin makes this signature dish of his.
And each time we cannot get enough of it. To celebrate the Easter long
weekend, I thought of making this amazing dish myself. It turned out really
well.

Here we go with "The Take-It-Easy" version of fish fried rice. Replace the
fish, with small pieces of chicken, and you have a delicious chicken fried
rice. Alternatively, you can make this fried rice with your choice of
vegetables (cauliflower works great). _Paneer_ ( _Indian_ cottage cheese) is
another great alternative.



Easy Fried Rice



Print Recipe

5 from 1 vote

## 'The Take-It-Easy' Fish Fried Rice

Try this easy fried rice recipe, and cook a delicious dinner tastier and
healthier than your favourite takeaway fried rice.

Prep Time30 mins

Cook Time30 mins

Total Time1 hr 10 mins

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Chinese

Servings: 4 portion

### Ingredients

  * 500 grams fish (you can use any fish of your choice. I used Milkfish, a popular fish used in Asian cuisines)
  * 1 1/2 tablespoons cornflour
  * 1 tablespoon black pepper powder
  * 1 cup rice
  * 4 - 5 beans
  * 1 medium carrot
  * 2 medium onions
  * 2 green chillies
  * 1 tablespoon spring onions (chopped)
  * 8 - 10 cloves garlic
  * 2 eggs
  * 1 1/2 tablespoons chili sauce
  * 1 tablespoon dark soy sauce
  * oil
  * to taste Salt

### Instructions

  * Debone the fish*, remove the skin, and dice it into square inch pieces. You can use any fish of your choice. I used Milkfish (Poomeen/Awa/Bangxfas), a very popular fish in the Asian cuisines. It's got a nice flavour without being too 'fishy'!

  * In a bowl, mix 1 1/2 tablespoons of corn flour, 1/2 tablespoon pepper powder, and salt with 1/4 cup of water.

  * Pour this batter over the fish pieces and mix well to get a nice, uniform coating. Keep this fish aside.

  * Wash the rice (I used Basmati rice, but you can use any white rice. In fact, you can use the left over rice from the previous day to make this dish), and soak it in water for 30 min. Boil some water, cook the rice and keep it aside. Tip: Add a teaspoon of oil while cooking the rice so that it doesn't get mushy.

  * Prep your veggies - Cut the chilies lengthwise and deseed them. We don't want to make the fried rice too hot. Finely chop the chilies, onions, beans, carrots and garlic.

  * Heat oil in a deep-bottomed pan, and fry the fish pieces. Slow fry them, while turning them over frequently so that they get fried evenly. Fry till you get a nice, crispy texture.

  * Place the fried fish on a kitchen towel to soak all the extra oil.

  * Transfer half of the oil in the pan to a bowl. We wouldn't need so much oil for the rest of our dish. Fry garlic until they start turning brown.

  * Add onions, beans, carrots and green chilies and fry them till they are cooked.

  * We are looking for a stir fry texture. Once they are fried, add the soy and chili sauces, salt and given them a good stir. Lower the flame.

  * In a separate pan, scramble two eggs with salt and pepper seasoning.

  * Add this scrambled eggs, and the fried fish to the stir fried veg, and add the cooked rice while stirring the mix. Mix slowly so that rice doesn't break.

  * Garnish with spring onions. Serve hot. This is a meal in itself.

  * 

### Notes

* _If you are not a big fan of fish, replace with small pieces of chicken, and you'll get a delicious chicken fried rice. Use cauliflower instead, and serve a great tasting vegetarian version of this fried rice. Tastes great with paneer as well._

### Related Posts:

  * Chilli Paneer (Indian Cottage Cheese)
  * Paneer Butter Masala
  * Chilli Paneer Dry

### Share this!

  * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
  * Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
  * Click to print (Opens in new window)
  * 

###  _Related_

### 3 Comments

  1. The take it easy chef

October, 2016 at 8:49 am  *  Reply

Thank you! I am sure you'll like it. Let me know how it goes.

  2. food lover

October, 2016 at 1:35 pm  *  Reply

Great presentation! I am going to cook this soon.

  3. Divya Ravindranath

April, 2016 at 6:14 am  *  Reply

Delicious

### Leave a Comment Cancel

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Message

Name *

Email Address *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

Notify me of new posts by email.

Œî

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

### Instagram

##### Arun Velekkat

@thetakeiteasychef

Biriyani Lover, Food Blogger, Food Writer in that order. I write about simple,
honest food using local, organic produce.

  *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   * 

View on Instagram

@thetakeiteasychef

‚Ä¢

Follow

Place one or two parottas on a plate. Pour a generous helping of chicken salna
on the side. Let the curry slowly trickle into the crispy, flaky parotta. When
they meet, there is magic! Tear a piece of parotta soaked in the salna and put
it in your mouth. Gently chew and feel all the textures - The crispiness of
the outer layers. The slightly soggy bit with the salna. This is street food
at its best. This is an improved version of the chicken salna I had posted
before. I thought this would be a good one to resume here. . This chicken
salna recipe, like many other popular recipes on this blog, is from a mom's
kitchen. I got this recipe from my cousin. He sourced it from a friend who got
it from his mom. This chicken salna recipe will help you cook your favourite
street food in the comfort of your kitchen. . Check out the recipe from the
link in the bio. . . . #TheTakeItEasyChef #parotta #malabarparotta
#chennaistreetfood #madurai #parottasalna #salna #tamilnadufood #chickensalna
#tamilfood #chennai #southindianfood #indianchicken #homecooking
#foodphotography #indianfood #vscofood #yahoofood #foodtalkindia #sonyimages
#sonyalpha #sonyalphasclub #sonyphotogallery #foodblogfeed #bengalurudiaries
#recipeoftheday #easyrecipe #foodoftheday #homemade

3 weeks ago

View on Instagram |

1/9

@thetakeiteasychef

‚Ä¢

Follow

Feels great to be back! As we used to do before, let's cook some delicious
food! . . . #thetakeiteasychef #indianfood #localfood #foodphotography
#foodporn #foodstagram #foodblogger #instafood #foodlover #yummy #delicious
#foodgasm #homemade #foodpics #instagood #foodies #foodiesofinstagram
#healthyfood #tasty #dinner #indianfood #love #cooking #lunch #bhfyp
#foodstyling #dessert #foodblog #foodpic #breakfast #foodlovers

3 weeks ago

View on Instagram |

2/9

@thetakeiteasychef

‚Ä¢

Follow

Are you one of those gentle souls who love their potato snacks but has been
trying to stay away as they are almost always deep-fried? If yes, this baked
potato wedges is your redemption. . These baked potato wedges are crispy on
the outside, succulent on the inside, and packed with a load of flavours! You
got to try it only once to believe how good they are! . If you are looking for
a delicious, yet healthy and easy-to-make snack, you don‚Äôt have to look beyond
these oven-baked potato wedges! . Check out the easy recipe with step-by-step
recipes from the link in the bio. . . . . . #thetakeiteasychef #potatowedges
#potatowedgesüçü #frenchfries #whatveganeats #bestofvegan #bakedpotatoes
#comfortfood #whatvegetarianseat #bakedchips #crisps #homebaking #potatochips
#foodphotography #feedfeed #vscofood #yahoofood #foodtalkindia #recipeoftheday
#easyrecipe #foodoftheday #eathealthy #healthyeating #homecooking #food52
#potatocrisps #bakedpotato #bakedpotatoes #homefries #chilifries

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

3/9

@thetakeiteasychef

‚Ä¢

Follow

This whole wheat jaggery cake is a healthier take on the classic pound cake.
This delightful cake is moist, light, and airy and a perfect companion for
your hot cup of tea! . We are not using regular flour or sugar. Instead, we
have healthier calories from whole wheat flour and jaggery. Instead of butter,
the main ingredient is oil. The only butter in this recipe is for greasing the
cake pan. By the way, did I tell you that this is an eggless cake as well? .
Check out the recipe from the link in the bio. . .This recipe is from the
uber-talented Shreya of @sugar.dust.bangalore . . . #thetakeiteasychef #cake
#cakes#eggless #wholewheat#wholewheatcake #egglesscake#vegetarian #sweet
#dessert#foodgram #baking #realsimple#foodstyling #foodandrustic#thebakefeed
#jaggery #homebaking . . . #whatveganeats #whatvegetarianseat
#eatingfortheinsta #buzzfeast #feedyoursoull #heresmyfood #foodphotography
#feedfeed #vscofood #yahoofood #foodtalkindia #recipeoftheday

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

4/9

@thetakeiteasychef

‚Ä¢

Follow

Think of potato podimas as a flavourful Indian version of mashed potatoes
cooked with a seasoning of mustard seeds, urad dal, and curry leaves. .
Imagine the fragrance when mustard seeds, urad dal, and fresh curry leaves are
tempered in oil. Now add mashed potatoes to the pan. The smooth, creamy mashed
potatoes will absorb all the great flavours. That, my friends, is the story of
any good potato podimas! . There is nothing pretentious about potato podimas!
It is a simple preparation with some basic ingredients. For an Indian recipe,
it requires very few spices. Potato podimas is probably a South Indian
rendition of the classic mashed potatoes. But it is quintessentially Indian
and a delicious dish that you can put together without any effort. . Check out
the easy recipe with step-by-step pictures from the link in the bio. . . . . .
. #thetakeiteasychef #homemade #indiancuisine #podimas #potato #potatoes
#potatocurry #potatopodimas #indianvegetarian #indianvegetarianfood #poriyal
#healthyrecipes #plantbaseddiet #healthycooking #vegetarian
#whatvegetarianseat #whatveganeats #homecooking #food52 #foodphotography
#feedfeed #indianfood #vscofood #yahoofood #foodtalkindia #cooking
#recipeoftheday #easyrecipe #foodoftheday #buzzfeedfood

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

5/9

@thetakeiteasychef

‚Ä¢

Follow

Burmese Khow Suey - Khow Suey is probably the first thing that comes to mind
when you think about Burmese cuisine. . If something can be called a bowl of
happiness, this could well be it. Burmese Khow Suey is a delicious noodle dish
made with egg noodles, curried chicken and coconut milk. Served with a variety
of condiments, each spoon full of soup you eat will be bursting with flavours!
. There are many variants of Khow Suey recipes. Chefs across the world have
tailored it to suit their local preferences and ingredients that are easily
available in their kitchens. In some recipes, you‚Äôll see fish sauce and
peanuts, while in some others chicken stock, paprika and cayenne peppers. .
This is ‚ÄòThe Take It Easy‚Äô version of Khow Suey. I have used only those
ingredients that I could source fresh in India. Try it this weekend. Have a
big, hearty bowl of happiness! . Check out the easy recipe with step-by-step
pictures from the link in the bio. . . . . . . #TheTakeItEasyChef #khowsuey
#burma #khowsueyüç≤ #khowsueyrecipe #burmese #burmesefood #burmesekhowsuey
#burmesekhaosuey #khaosuey #noodlesoup #eggnoodles #eggnoodlesoup
#foodblogfeed #easyrecipes #simplefood #bangalorefoodies #recipesfromscratch
#homecooking #foodphotography #vscofood #yahoofood #foodtalkindia #sonyalpha
#foodblogfeed #bengalurudiaries #recipeoftheday #easyrecipe #foodoftheday
#homemade

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

6/9

@thetakeiteasychef

‚Ä¢

Follow

Chilli Fried Prawns üç§ This chilli fried prawns is the prawn fry of good times!
Just five ingredients, minimum cooking time, and maximum deliciousness ‚Äì that
summarises this recipe! . Are you worried how you can add a little oomph to
your late night dinner preps after a busy day at work? This chilli fried
prawns recipe is for you! Planning to unwind with a chilled drink and a book
after a long, tiring day? This prawn fry will be your perfect accompaniment.
It‚Äôll be ready in no time, and you get the rest of the evening to yourself. .
Chilli powder, salt and vinegar is combined to form the marinade. Coat the
prawns with this paste, and leave for a few minutes to soak up the flavours.
Fry them on a pan with just enough oil. You get a lovely plate of fried
prawns. . Recipe from the link in the bio. . . . #thetakeiteasychef #shrimp
#jhinga #friedprawns #masalaprawns #SaveOurOcean #eatinseason #FoodTalkIndia
#prawns #keralafood #GodsOwnCountry #thaninaadan #saltandpeppershrimp
#foodblogfeed #easyrecipes #simplefood #bangalorefoodies #recipesfromscratch
#homecooking #foodphotography #indianfood #vscofood #yahoofood #sonyalpha
#foodblogfeed #bengalurudiaries #recipeoftheday #easyrecipe #foodoftheday
#homemade

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

7/9

@thetakeiteasychef

‚Ä¢

Follow

Easy Butter Chicken . Now you can create a restaurant-style butter chicken
without spending hours in the kitchen. This easy butter chicken is so easy
that you can add it to your weekday cooking plans. . Succulent pieces of
chicken marinated in a yoghurt base and cooked in an onion-tomato paste with
select whole spices and butter. This butter chicken recipe is a crowd-pleaser.
. I have dialled back the richness quotient so that you don‚Äôt have to feel
guilty savouring this delicious chicken curry. I have kept cream as an
optional ingredient. I found that one can still make a good butter chicken
without adding any cream. . Check out the step-by-step recipe and pictures
from the link in my bio. . . . #thetakeiteasychef #homemade
#butterchickencurry #indiancuisine #indiancurry #chickencurry #butterchicken
#myfab5 #f52grams #dailyfoodfeed #lovefood #eatingfortheinsta #buzzfeast
#feedyoursoull #heresmyfood #eater #eattheworld #homecooking #food52
#foodphotography #feedfeed #indianfood #vscofood #yahoofood #foodtalkindia
#cooking #recipeoftheday #easyrecipe #foodoftheday #buzzfeedfood

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

8/9

@thetakeiteasychef

‚Ä¢

Follow

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

9/9

### Follow me

  * facebook
  * twitter
  * instagram
  * pinterest
  * stumbleupon
  * google

### About the chef

### Sweet Tooth

### A healthy pick

Copyright ¬© 2019 Arun velekkat & The Take It Easy Chef -- Designed by WPZOOM

