https://www.skinnytaste.com/spicy-shrimp-fried-rice/


SavedList

  * Home
  * All Recipes
    * Recipes by Course »
      * Appetizers
      * Breakfast & Brunch
      * Dessert
      * Drinks
      * Lunch
      * Dinner Recipes
      * Sides
      * Salad
      * Healthy Snacks
      * Soup
      * Spiralizer
    * Recipes by Ingredient »
      * Beef
      * Chicken Recipes
      * Fish
      * Grains and Legumes
      * Lamb
      * Pasta
      * Pork
      * Seafood
      * Turkey
    * Recipes by Season »
      * Spring
      * Summer
      * Fall
      * Winter
      * Holiday Recipes
    * Browse All Recipes
    * Recipe Index
  * Breakfast
  * Lunch
  * Dinner
  * Special Diets
    * Whole 30 Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Paleo
    * Gluten Free
    * Vegetarian Meals
    * Low Carb
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Freezer Meals
    * Kid Friendly
    * Under 30 Minutes
  * Travel
  * Meal Plans
  * Cookbooks
    * Cookbooks
    * Cookbook Index

**Get new post updates:** _via_ rss  _via_ email

  * About
  * Contact
  * Privacy

Skinnytaste

SavedList

  * Home
  * All Recipes
    * Recipes by Course »
      * Appetizers
      * Breakfast & Brunch
      * Dessert
      * Drinks
      * Lunch
      * Dinner Recipes
      * Sides
      * Salad
      * Healthy Snacks
      * Soup
      * Spiralizer
    * Recipes by Ingredient »
      * Beef
      * Chicken Recipes
      * Fish
      * Grains and Legumes
      * Lamb
      * Pasta
      * Pork
      * Seafood
      * Turkey
    * Recipes by Season »
      * Spring
      * Summer
      * Fall
      * Winter
      * Holiday Recipes
    * Browse All Recipes
    * Recipe Index
  * Breakfast
  * Lunch
  * Dinner
  * Special Diets
    * Whole 30 Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Paleo
    * Gluten Free
    * Vegetarian Meals
    * Low Carb
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Freezer Meals
    * Kid Friendly
    * Under 30 Minutes
  * Travel
  * Meal Plans
  * Cookbooks
    * Cookbooks
    * Cookbook Index

Skinnytaste > Asian Inspired Recipes > Spicy Shrimp Fried Rice

# Spicy Shrimp Fried Rice

307 Cals 23 Protein 37.5 Carbs 7 Fats **141**

4.74 from 52 votes

20517 shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe

Save ItSaved!

This post may contain affiliate links. Read my disclosure policy.

Spicy **Shrimp Fried Rice** made healthier using leftover cooked brown rice, a
delicious whole grain that's high in fiber, so it fills you up.

##  
Spicy Shrimp Fried Rice

Fried rice is definitely on my favorite foods list, I absolutely love it!
Sure, sometimes I go low-carb with Cauliflower Fried Rice, which is fine but
when I go all out, I much prefer making it with leftover brown rice (see How
To Cook Perfect Brown Rice).

Fried rice is the ultimate leftover food because it requires using leftover
rice. Otherwise it won't be dry enough to fry and come out a but mushy.
Therefore, this weeknight dish comes together really fast. Almost any protein
and veggie can be tossed into this. Swap out shrimp for chicken or tofu and
feel free to toss in whatever veggies are in your fridge like shredded
carrots, mushrooms, corn, edamame, all work great.

This healthy shrimp fried rice def has some kick to it, and if you really like
it hot feel free to add hot sauce to serve later!

## Tips on How to Make Shrimp Fried Rice:

  1. As mentioned, start with leftover rice. I prefer brown but white works just fine. The drier the rice, the better it is for frying. You can even use riced cauliflower.
  2. Cook on high heat. It's important to make sure the pan is hot when frying the veggies, protein and rice. Works best with a wok but a large pan will work as well.
  3. For extra crunchiness, once cooked, you can let stand in pan for an extra 30 seconds or so until desired cook.

## More Shrimp Recipes You Might Enjoy:

  * Buffalo Shrimp Lettuce Wraps
  * Lime Shrimp and Avocado Salad
  * Mexican Shrimp Diablo
  * Honey Garlic Shrimp
  * Shrimp Scampi 

Print WW Personal Points

4.74 from 52 votes

_Did you make this recipe?_ Leave a review »

## Spicy Shrimp Fried Rice

307 Cals 23 Protein 37.5 Carbs 7 Fats

Prep Time: 5 mins

Cook Time: 15 mins

Total Time: 20 mins

Yield: 4 servings

COURSE: Dinner

CUISINE: Chinese, Japanese

Spicy Shrimp Fried Rice made healthier using leftover cooked brown rice, a
delicious whole grain that's high in fiber, so it fills you up.

### Ingredients

  * 3 cups leftover brown rice cooked
  * 1 lb large shrimp, peeled and deveined 
  * 1/2 tsp each of chili powder, paprika and garlic powder
  * 1/8 tsp cayenne pepper, or more to taste
  * 1/4 tsp kosher salt
  * fresh black pepper, to taste
  * 2 large egg whites, beaten
  * 1 large whole egg, beaten
  * 1/2 medium onion, chopped
  * 2 cloves garlic, diced
  * 5 medium scallions, chopped, whites and greens separated
  * oil spray
  * 1 tbsp sesame oil
  * 1 tsp crushed red pepper flakes, or more to taste
  * 4 tsp soy sauce, or more to taste
  * 1 tsp Asian fish sauce, (or more soy sauce)

Save

### Instructions

  * In a bowl, season shrimp with cayenne pepper, chili powder, paprika, salt, pepper and garlic powder.

  * In a hot wok, over medium high heat, spray a little oil and cook the eggs, when cooked, remove from pan and set aside, 1 to 2 minutes.

  * Increase the heat to high, when hot add the sesame oil and saute onions, scallion whites, garlic and hot pepper flakes for about 1-2 minutes.

  * Add shrimp and saute until no longer translucent, 2 to 3 minutes.

  * Add rice and leave in the skillet to let the bottom brown, 2 to 3 minutes, stir and add the egg, soy sauce and fish sauce, mixing well for about 2 minutes.

  * Add greens of the scallions and serve.

### Nutrition

Serving: 11/2 cups , Calories: 307kcal, Carbohydrates: 37.5g, Protein: 23g,
Fat: 7g, Saturated Fat: 1.5g, Cholesterol: 191mg, Sodium: 500mg, Fiber: 3.5g,
Sugar: 0.5g

WW Points Plus: 8

Keywords: fried rice recipe, how to make shrimp fried rice, Shrimp Fried Rice,
spicy fried rice

1 SP 6 SP 7 SP 8 PP Asian Inspired Recipes Dinner Recipes Grains and Legume
Recipes Lenten Friendly Recipes Recipes Seafood Recipes

posted **February 12, 2020** by **Gina**

**141** Comments / Leave a Comment »

### Don't Miss a Recipe!

Get new free recipes and exclusive content delivered right to your inbox:

### You May Also Like:

  * Pineapple Shrimp Fried Rice

  * Dirty Brown Rice with Shrimp

  * Shrimp, Peas and Rice

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Rate this Recipe: Rate this Recipe:  
  
  
  
  

Name *

Email *

Δ

###  141 comments

  1. **Lynn** -- July 28, 2022 @ 11:31 am  Reply

Can I double and freeze some of this?

    * **Linda Johnson** -- July 29, 2022 @ 9:02 pm  Reply

Easy and so good

  2. **Christina** -- February 1, 2022 @ 7:12 pm  Reply

This was so good and easy!!

  3. **Haylee** -- January 17, 2022 @ 8:47 pm  Reply

Seriously SO delicious!! I did 1 cup of brown rice and a bag of cauliflower
rice, literally could not tell the difference between the two when it’s all
mixed together. So flavorful and perfect for meal prepping!!

  4. **Garnet** -- September 20, 2021 @ 6:00 pm  Reply

Yum! Made this with brown rice and mixed vegies. Also had no fish sauce or
sesame oil, so spiced it up with some sweet red chili sauce. Had to follow the
directions the first time, but could make it again without the step by step!

  5. **Kerry** -- August 30, 2021 @ 7:57 pm  Reply

Whoo, this is SPICY! Delicious, though. I love that it's only 1 point on
Purple. I added some edamame while sauteeing the shrimp. I also didn't have
leftover rice, so I cooked the rice first then everything else, and it came
out fine.

  6. **James Rogers** -- August 4, 2021 @ 9:48 am  Reply

I found this a little on the bland side.

Would add a little hoisin sauce and diced pineapple.  
The wife loved it, though.

  7. **Suzanne** -- May 9, 2021 @ 12:06 pm  Reply

This lived up to it's name but oh so tasty! This came together fast. I added
soaked raisins for a little sweetness and break up the spicy. I made this as a
main meal and it was filling.

  8. **Maria** -- January 30, 2021 @ 7:11 pm  Reply

The perfect use for leftover rice, and quite delicious!

  9. **ColleenG** -- January 21, 2021 @ 9:45 pm  Reply

So good! I use day old brown rice. My batch tonight was extra spicy with a
heavy hand on the cayenne! But I love making it for my family about once a
month. Good and healthy.

  10. **Ashley** -- January 17, 2021 @ 6:17 pm  Reply

This was so delicious. I used 2 cups of rice and a little more red pepper
flakes than the recipe calls for and it was perfect. I will definitely be
making this again.

  11. **Andrea Moede** -- January 3, 2021 @ 10:28 am  Reply

My favorite recipe from this site! Make this twice per month and it’s my
husbands new favorite meal!

    * **Gina** -- January 3, 2021 @ 2:15 pm  Reply

Glad you both enjoy it! 🙂

  12. **Kim** -- December 11, 2020 @ 9:54 pm  Reply

Another hit in our house from Skinny Taste! Delicious! Tossed in some frozen
peas and carrots with the onions, otherwise followed recipe. Quick, yummy, and
filling!

  13. **Elsa** -- December 4, 2020 @ 7:15 pm  Reply

Wow that was spicier than expected and love it! Thanks for this recipe.
Enjoyed it tonight as part of the meal plan.

  14. **Melissa** -- December 3, 2020 @ 8:46 pm  Reply

I'm thinking of making this recipe with some scallops that I have - can you
think of any adjustments that I might want to make?

  15. **Catherine Trulock** -- November 30, 2020 @ 8:58 pm  Reply

I loved this!  
Used 1/2 brown rice, 1/2 cauliflower rice  
Simple to make and so good  
Thanks Gina

  16. **Noelle** -- November 16, 2020 @ 8:47 pm  Reply

How do you freeze this rhen serve?

  17. **Jenni** -- September 22, 2020 @ 4:12 pm  Reply

In case anyone was wondering - because I know I was. It is ok to go ahead and
use "fresh" brown rice instead of leftover. I didn't have leftover rice and
went ahead and made the boil in the bag brown rice a little ahead of time. It
was still completely delish. I will try with leftover rice next time but
didn't have any issues making rice at the same time. So yummy!

  18. **Linda Trudeaux** -- September 6, 2020 @ 10:15 am  Reply

Love this recipe! It’s super easy, however, I always omit the eggs when having
this dish, so I did leave them out, otherwise great

  19. **Kathlene** -- August 30, 2020 @ 6:26 pm  Reply

I doubled the recipe because I knew it was going to be a big hit! So glad I
did! This will be a regular in the rotation for sure. Thank you Gina for
sharing your amazing recipes. Tomorrow is CILANTRO LIME FISH TACOS, another
fan favorite.

  20. **Arlene | From Pennies to Plenty** -- August 23, 2020 @ 12:26 am  Reply

This made for a really nice dinner. I made adjustments like using a lot of
cauliflower since I didn't have enough leftover rice and had run out of frozen
peas and corn. The nice thing about this dish is that lots of different
vegetables work perfectly well in it. My husband liked that it's healthy. I'll
be making it regularly now.

  21. **Hira** -- July 27, 2020 @ 11:53 am  Reply

how come the points dont match up in the weight watchers app? I'm on purple
points and its showing In the app this is 8 points but you have 1 (when I
enter it in).

    * **Gina** -- August 17, 2020 @ 1:37 pm  Reply

Are you using the recipe builder? The only accurate way to determine any
recipe's SmartPoints® value is to plug the ingredients into the recipe builder
on the Weight Watchers website (Click on "My Foods," select "Recipe," and
click "Create a recipe.") which does not count fruits and vegetables in
recipes in the calculations as they are now 0 points.

The SmartPoints® calculator isn't meant for recipes and will often give you
the wrong points (usually higher) because it's counting the fruits and
vegetables. So if you see a recipe with a SmartPoints® value that's different
from what the calculator tells you, now you know why.

  22. **Linda Collazos** -- July 8, 2020 @ 5:51 pm  Reply

Spicy Shrimp Fried Rice is delicious!

  23. **Lauren Delgado** -- June 22, 2020 @ 9:34 pm  Reply

This is easy to make, and great if you have left over rice. However, I felt
like it was really lacking in flavor. It may be because I used white rice,
rather than brown (my husband refuses to eat brown rice) but it seemed like
the flavor disappeared. We had it as leftovers tonight, and I added additional
soy sauce & fish sauce, and refried it in sesame oil which helped the flavor
out. I also topped it with gochujang stir fried veggies, which greatly amped
the flavor.

  24. **Sarah** -- June 22, 2020 @ 11:47 am  Reply

If using frozen shrimp, should I defrost fully before cooking or just put the
shrimp in frozen?

    * **Lauren** -- June 22, 2020 @ 9:35 pm  Reply

I would defrost first and pat dry. Frozen shrimp tend to let out a lot of
moisture as they thaw.

    * **Linda Collazos** -- July 8, 2020 @ 5:53 pm  Reply

I started with 1 lb, 9oz. Frozen shrimp. After they thawed and I removed the
shells, I had exactly 1 lb. of shrimp. The ice frozen shrimp are encased in
weighs a lot.

  25. **Skilletanne** -- June 12, 2020 @ 12:55 pm  Reply

Wow this was absolutely amazing. Better than takeout. Even more flavor the
next day! Very spicy so make adjustments if you’re not into that.

  26. **Kimberly** -- May 27, 2020 @ 6:28 pm  Reply

Made this tonight with riced cauliflower and it was amazing!! Just enough kick
where it wasn’t too spicy!

  27. **Jen Mills** -- May 24, 2020 @ 9:34 am  Reply

Made this for the second time last night at the demand of my teenage son. This
is one of his favorites. Because I use a heavy-bottomed stainless steel
skillet (I don't have a wok and I gave up non-stick coatings), I made two
small adjustments. First, I made sure the pan had a very thin coating of Olive
oil before adding eggs (I use a silicon brush). Once I poured the eggs in, I
swirled them to coat the pan and then did not touch/move them until set. This
gave me a thin omelette that slid nicely out of the pan. I also added a bag of
frozen Mixed veggies to the sauteed onion mkxture, before I added the shrimp.
This cooked the veggies and seasoned them well after adding the shrimp. It is
a great clean out the fridge/freezer meal. Thanks Gina!

  28. **Allison Alexis** -- May 18, 2020 @ 4:38 pm  Reply

What did I do wrong? The bottom of my pan got crispy but my rice didn’t.
Should I have put more oil in between cooking the veggies and the shrimp? I
used a stainless steel heavy bottom large sauté pan instead of a wok.

    * **Rudi** -- May 21, 2020 @ 3:34 pm  Reply

Hi Allison,  
It sounds like a couple of issues got in the way:  
1\. that heavy bottomed saute pan may have prevented the heat from crisping
things up. Woks are thinner and can flash heat things better  
2\. Could be the rice was not as dry as you thought?

🙂

  29. **elena montaniel** -- April 24, 2020 @ 4:55 pm  Reply

I made this this past week and I absolutely love it!!! Even my 2 yr old
daughter ate it. Making it again this weekend!!!! I didmt have sesame oil and
I only used 1 egg, still came out good!!

  30. **ColleenG** -- April 20, 2020 @ 9:49 am  Reply

This was a nice twist on Fried Rice. I have been stashing extra rice in the
freezer so I had a mix of brown and white rice. I also had a mix of shrimp and
scallops and a single chicken tender. I used the seasoning mix on all. I added
two cups of frozen mixed vegetables, and doubled the recipe. It was great to
make a meal with items on hand during this pandemic. Thank you Gina!

    * **Gina** -- April 20, 2020 @ 11:58 am  Reply

Sounds great!

  31. **Mary Anne** -- April 14, 2020 @ 10:00 am  Reply

This was delicious. A little spicy and a huge hit with the family. Even my
picky eater had seconds. I've never made anything like this and it was easy.

    * **Gina** -- April 14, 2020 @ 6:08 pm  Reply

Great!

  32. **Leah** -- April 2, 2020 @ 8:20 am  Reply

Delicious and easy to make!

  33. **Emily** -- March 30, 2020 @ 7:31 am  Reply

This is listed under the freezer meal section but I didn’t see and info in how
to prep this to freeze and reheat.

  34. **MatthewK** -- March 22, 2020 @ 10:27 pm  Reply

Thanks!  
My wife says I have to do all the fried rice recipes after I made this
tonight!😏  
I added mixed veggies and threw in leftover diced skirt steak to the recipe.
Outstanding balance of flavor. A family hit.  
Thank you💚

  35. **cathyC** -- March 20, 2020 @ 8:50 am  Reply

Loved this! Such a hit even though it really stuck to my pan! Thank you so
much for these smart and WW friendly recipes. Making a lot of different things
go keep us healthy and entertained during this terrible crisis. BEST OF HEALTH
TO YOU AND ALL YOUR READERS!

  36. **Nikita** -- March 13, 2020 @ 2:22 pm  Reply

I am absolutely obsessed with with recipe! I was slightly nervous to start
with since the amount of soy sauce/fish sauce didn't seem to be a lot for the
amount of rice, and thought it may be bland - consider me an idiot! I've tried
making my own healthier fried rices in the past and I've always been
disappointed, but I've already made this recipe 3 times! The fact that I can
throw this together in 15 mins if I already have the rice cooked is a miracle
for busy weeknights!

I saw the instructions called for garlic powder, but it wasn't in the
ingredient list to I added 1/2tsp to the chili powder and paprika and it was
perfect!

  37. **Jess W.** -- March 10, 2020 @ 10:02 am  Reply

Stopped my Chinese food delivery cravings in their tracks! This is spicy and
GOOD. I will definitely make again.

    * **Gina** -- March 10, 2020 @ 11:11 am  Reply

Great!

  38. **Melissa Wooten** -- March 4, 2020 @ 6:44 am  Reply

I think I may have doubled up on the spices by accident or something.. it is
really spicy! This lived up to its name, though!  
I will make it again but will probably cut back on the spice.

  39. **Helen** -- March 3, 2020 @ 10:33 am  Reply

OMG! Made this last night and this may very well be my favorite Skinnytaste
recipe yet. Delicious!

    * **Gina** -- March 3, 2020 @ 4:29 pm  Reply

Thanks Helen!

  40. **Patty Crook** -- March 2, 2020 @ 7:43 pm  Reply

This is very tasty and satisfying!

  41. **Taylor** -- March 2, 2020 @ 3:46 pm  Reply

How much garlic powder do you use? It's not in the ingredients list but is
mentioned in Step 1.

  42. **Lyndsey** -- March 1, 2020 @ 7:46 pm  Reply

Delicious and filling. Perfect Weight Wathers friendly recipe.

  43. **Kari** -- March 1, 2020 @ 8:45 am  Reply

Awesome. I added edamame and green beans. Great flavors and so easy

  44. **Karen** -- February 29, 2020 @ 6:33 pm  Reply

Oh man! This was awesome! I added a half cup of frozen peas and a bag of bean
sprouts! My husband even liked it and I haven’t told him yet that it was brown
rice, which he calls paper rice! Thanks Gina this is a keeper!

    * **Gina** -- March 2, 2020 @ 12:12 pm  Reply

You don't have to tell….lol

  45. **Tricia** -- February 27, 2020 @ 2:16 pm  Reply

Made this last night. Super easy to put together. My husband and I enjoyed it
but it was a bit dry and it lacked that fried rice taste. Maybe next time I’ll
add some chicken broth and more fish sauce, sesame oil ? I also added veggies.  
Overall a good recipe.

  46. **Rhonda** -- February 26, 2020 @ 6:54 pm  Reply

Tasty but too hot for my son & I! Would try again without the red pepper
flakes. Love how easy it was to prepare!

  47. **Beverly** -- February 22, 2020 @ 9:38 pm  Reply

I just prepared the spicy shrimp fried rice for my husband and I and it was
FANTASTIC!!! That recipe will be repeated over and over! I added peas to it
which gave it a bit of sweetness. Also, I used left over jasmine rice.  
Thank You

  48. **Jenny** -- February 18, 2020 @ 8:08 pm  Reply

This was amazingly excellent! I loved the taste of the shrimp and using the
"old" rice really did give it that fried rice touch. It did take longer than 5
minutes to prep, honestly more like 20, but the payoff was worth it.

  49. **Julie** -- February 18, 2020 @ 6:10 pm  Reply

This ! I added a bunch more veggies to it to try to stretch it out but it
still only served 3 at my house. Still, it was only 1 point since I didn't use
any additional oil. This is definitely a keeper!

  50. **Sarah** -- February 16, 2020 @ 10:00 pm  Reply

Made this for dinner tonight. My boyfriend loved it!! It was so good! Thank
you!!

  51. **Beautydiaries101** -- February 14, 2020 @ 5:00 pm  Reply

Fried rice

https://beautydiariesblogg.blogspot.com

  52. **Kathe** -- February 13, 2020 @ 5:17 pm  Reply

How much garlic powder, salt & pepper to add to the shrimp before cooking
[step#1]?

  53. **Diamond Jackson** -- February 2, 2020 @ 9:31 am  Reply

Love this Recipe!

  54. **Adrienne** -- September 18, 2019 @ 12:51 pm  Reply

Delish! I served it with roasted green beans. Will make it a gain. Thanks
Gina!

    * **Megan** -- February 27, 2020 @ 6:33 pm  Reply

In wondering if I did something wrong because it came out tasting like dry
rice with shrimp. Only thing I did did was no fish oil. I added a little sweet
chili sauce to it and that brought all of the flavors together and was
delicious. On its own though I thought it needed something else.

  55. **Kim** -- August 26, 2019 @ 10:18 am  Reply

I don't have any fish sauce and was hoping to make this tonight. If I leave
out the "1 tsp Asian fish sauce", will it still be good or will it be missing
something? Is there anything that I can use as a substitute that I might have
on hand?

    * **Gina** -- August 26, 2019 @ 3:15 pm  Reply

Add soy sauce

  56. **LISA** -- July 30, 2019 @ 10:26 pm  Reply

I think the recipe is written incorrectly. Step 1 says to add the spices, but
they are not listed on the ingredient list. Cayenne is likely a separate
spice, not sesame oil with cayenne. I added what I thought was the correct
amounts and it was delicious!

  57. **Gwen Frazier** -- July 22, 2019 @ 6:20 pm  Reply

Excellent recipe! I did not have sesame oil with cayenne, so I used plain. I
added 2 cups frozen mixed veggies that I zapped in microwave. I got 1 1/2 cups
for 6 points! Yum!

  58. **Tanya** -- June 5, 2019 @ 3:58 pm  Reply

This recipe is AMAZING! It tastes like you ordered take out. It is just so
tasty. I love it with shrimp, but when I feel lazy and need dinner quick, I
cut up chicken breast and substitute that. Both ways, this dish is a WINNER!!
Thank you for these amazing recipes!!

  59. **Lorrie Medley** -- May 7, 2019 @ 6:41 pm  Reply

Thank you for this recipe. I wish I could leave a picture of how this turned
out. I added a few more veggies to the mix but all in all I used your recipe.
I was told that is tastes better than the Chinese restaurant!!!! I like the
addition of the fish sauce. I think I'm gonna like this site!

    * **Gina** -- May 8, 2019 @ 9:16 am  Reply

So glad!

  60. **Tanya** -- April 5, 2019 @ 8:20 pm  Reply

This was absolutely delicious!! My entire family loved this and I have some
picky eaters!! My daughter said it tastes exactly like it would from a
restaurant!! Gina you did it again! I am in awe of you . I don't think there
has ever been a recipe that I have tried from you where I was disappointed!
Keep doing what you do, because you make my life so much easier!!

  61. **Erin** -- January 21, 2019 @ 8:17 pm  Reply

Just made this recipe tonight and it was amazing! Just the right amount of
heat to it. I believe my husband's exact words were "This is ridiculously
good!" I used Uncle Ben's steam in a bag chicken flavored brown rice which
added a nice twist to the taste. Served alongside steamed brocolli. This is a
great new option for a shrimp dinner. Will definitely try adding some more
veggies to the rice next time.

  62. **Cindy** -- November 18, 2018 @ 4:35 pm  Reply

Tried this winging it. Added zucchini, carrots, hoisin sauce. Added Chicken
instead of shrimp. On step #1 just added a teaspoon of everything. Was
wonderful. Please Gina-redue this with exact amounts of all ingredients-I'm so
sure it will taste better with your flare.

  63. **Karen Nielson** -- July 16, 2017 @ 7:52 pm  Reply

This is yummy. I added mushrooms, carrots and snow peas for some extra veggies
and subbed garlic for the ginger. So good!!!!!  
PS I have lost 15 lbs primarily using your recipes for dinners and I  
haven't felt deprived at all. Well fed and happy, thank you Gina!

    * **Gina** -- July 17, 2017 @ 9:41 pm  Reply

That's great Karen! Thank you!

    * **Denise** -- February 16, 2020 @ 9:16 am  Reply

What type mushrooms did you use?

  64. **Lynne** -- November 6, 2016 @ 3:24 pm  Reply

I am an experienced cook but I was somewhat confused with this recipe. I
looked at the ingredients and went shopping. When I got to the directions it
stated Chili powder, Paprika, Garlic Powder (not mentioned in the ingredients)
but did not say the amount needed. The rice turned out great but a beginner
cook would be VERY confused.

    * **Gina** -- November 10, 2016 @ 1:29 pm  Reply

I will look into this, this is an older recipe, I think I will remake it!

      * **cindy** -- November 16, 2018 @ 6:01 pm 

Gina-I'm this beginner cooker Lynne is referring to. I totally lean on your
exact measurement of ingredients and steps to follow. People tell me how good
I cook and I tell them "its not me, its my new best friend and all her books-
Gina".

      * **Gina** -- November 17, 2018 @ 8:57 am 

🙂

    * **Laurie** -- April 20, 2020 @ 6:09 pm  Reply

I agree with this! One of the reasons I love Gina's recipes is the exact
measurements. I'd love to know the amount of garlic powder, salt and pepper
:).

      * **Gina** -- April 23, 2020 @ 9:42 am 

Sorry guys! It is updated now! 🙂

  65. **Jane** -- September 7, 2016 @ 5:25 pm  Reply

The recipe calls for 3 cups of rice cooked. Does that mean to cook the amount
of rice to get 3 cups or cook 3 cups of rice?

    * **Gwen** -- July 22, 2019 @ 6:23 pm  Reply

3 cups of cooked rice. To get three cups rice, cook one cup raw rice

  66. **bparm** -- January 19, 2016 @ 3:30 am  Reply

I made this recipe tonight. It was absolutely delicious!! The only change I
made was substituting hoisin sauce for soya sauce (realized too late I was out
of soya sauce). Hoisin gave it more of a sweetness which worked beautifully
with the heat of the pepper. Will add to our menu planner for sure!

  67. **Melissa** -- January 19, 2016 @ 12:03 am  Reply

Almaden this tonight and it was fabulous! followed the recipe exactly except I
added some peas and carrots. Thanks for a wonderful dish that Mt whole family
loved

  68. **Anonymous** -- December 4, 2015 @ 3:37 am  Reply

I just made this and it was so good. I made a few adjustments since it was
just me and it was difficult to measure the spices accurately. I love a little
ginger in my asian food too. I skipped the rice and made it with cauliflower
rice and kicked in some peas and carrots to kick the veg up more. This is
definitely a new favorite and I can't wait to make it again.

  69. **Anonymous** -- November 3, 2015 @ 5:40 pm  Reply

Made this last night and my family loved it! Even my super picky husband.
Thank you! Great recipe.

  70. **Anonymous** -- October 7, 2015 @ 2:44 pm  Reply

This was WONDERFUL! I could only find plain sesame oil, and could not find
fish sauce, but otherwise made according recipe. My very picky teenage soon
said, "that was really good". High praise! Thank you 🙂

  71. **Confessions of an Italian sushi eating woman** -- September 15, 2015 @ 3:21 am  Reply

I opted for no cayenne and spicy sesame.My son loved it so much he asked for
it tomorrow at school,my daughter didn't like the shrimp so she mixed edamame
in it.AMAZING

  72. **Letty Martinez** -- December 30, 2014 @ 9:39 pm  Reply

Absolutely in love! Made this several times & it is perfect everytime! I have
tried several recipes & they are no good but this is the BOMB!! Thumbs up
Gina!

  73. **Anonymous** -- November 5, 2014 @ 6:57 pm  Reply

What would be the point value if I use white rice

  74. **Jennifer Moeller** -- August 4, 2014 @ 2:31 am  Reply

Oh. My. God. SO good! My family loves spicy and this hit the spot! The hubs
and most of the kids had seconds. 🙂

  75. **dmoney** -- February 7, 2014 @ 12:44 am  Reply

I made this tonight and it was delicious!! I love spicy foods and this is prob
medium to extra spicy food lovers! I've made several skinny taste recipes and
this is in the top 2 so far! Thanks for posting!! LOVE this site!

  76. **cyndi** -- August 14, 2013 @ 2:37 am  Reply

Hey, I want to try this tomorrow… but we are not big on spicy.. any rec's for
making it less spicy? any substitutions?

thanks!

  77. **Jessica Wisdom** -- June 6, 2013 @ 12:57 am  Reply

Made this for my fiance and I the other night. We love takeout but are trying
to live a healthier lifestyle. We both loved it, but found it incredibly
spicy! I knew it would be spicy, but not this hot! I really liked the recipe
though and am considering making it again, though next time sans the red
pepper flakes and the hot sesame oil. Perhaps using regular sesame oil and a
little ginger may make a difference.

  78. **make7upurs** -- March 21, 2013 @ 2:35 pm  Reply

So tasty! I added broccoli and mushrooms for extra (low calorie) nutrients 🙂

  79. **Michelle** -- January 11, 2013 @ 12:51 am  Reply

Made this for the second time tonight, my boyfriend and I love it! I do add
some shredded carrots and frozen peas, but other than that follow the recipe
exactly. So much lighter than take out rice, and honestly I think Iike the
taste more! Thanks Gina!

  80. **Anonymous** -- November 11, 2012 @ 11:06 pm  Reply

used sesame oil without cayenne pepper and it was spicy enough for us. added
peas and carrots. awesome!

  81. **Anonymous** -- September 22, 2012 @ 5:05 pm  Reply

I made this recipe subbing quinoa for the rice (you can saute it for a few
minutes after cooking to give it a bit more "bite") to make it even healthier
and it still tasted absolutely delicious. Thanks!

The fish sauce, IMHO, really does make a nice different. If you can get some,
do use it.

  82. **Anonymous** -- August 31, 2012 @ 11:40 am  Reply

I made this for lunch yesterday and it was a hit, everyone loved it and wanted
more. Great recipe! I did not have shrimp so I just left it out and it still
tasted great. Thank you for the recipe 🙂

  83. **April** -- August 6, 2012 @ 4:00 am  Reply

Made this tonight and it was amazing! I love fried rice and whenever I get a
chance to use my wok, I'm a happy camper. Next time, I'm going to add peas and
waterchestnuts. I don't like a lot of egg in my rice so I only used 1 egg
white and 1 whole egg. I was nervous about this because of the chopped onions
and the scallions. I do not like onions but to my surprise, it was great with
the onions 🙂

  84. **Anonymous** -- June 7, 2012 @ 10:56 pm  Reply

This was amazing! Some of the best Fried Rice I've ever had!

  85. **Anonymous** -- June 4, 2012 @ 6:43 pm  Reply

Hi Gina, can this be frozen? I want to prepare some dinners for my husband
while I am gone and wondered if I could freeze this with okay results?

Thanks

  86. **Sam and Holly** -- April 12, 2012 @ 5:44 pm  Reply

Where can you find fish sauce at the grocery store? I have looked everywhere
and cannot find it anywhere.

  87. **Jenn-Bee** -- April 6, 2012 @ 3:02 am  Reply

This is fantastic!!! Used about six cloves of garlic and substituted ponzu for
soy sauce. Will be making this again and incorporating peas.

  88. **Anonymous** -- March 27, 2012 @ 6:35 pm  Reply

I love this recipe and make it every couple of weeks. So tasty, spicy and
filling. I also add in peas for a nice extra touch…..

  89. **Susan D** -- February 22, 2012 @ 12:40 am  Reply

Wow Gina! You've outdone yourself this time. Let me preface this review by
saying I HATE fried rice. I made this mostly for my kids (ages 5 and 7) who
like it from our local grocery store. I decided to surprise them and make this
with roasted sugar snap peas. I was fully expecting my husband and I to hate
it. It was PHENOMENAL! I did use 3 full Eggland's best eggs rather than the
egg whites. I also increased the garlic a great deal and added a can of water
chestnuts. I punched up the seasoning a made my brown rice in my rice cooker
and then chilled it on a baking sheet to get it ready in time for dinner.
HEAVEN! I ate WAY too much, which probably defeats the purpose of healthy.
Will definitely be making this one again and again. My 7 year old son actually
asked me to make this for our "special Christmas dinner"!!! That speaks
volumes to me. Thank you for another winner!

    * **Faith** -- February 29, 2012 @ 1:05 am  Reply

Is the serving size 1 cup & a 1/2 cup? Or just a 1/2 cup? It's very confusing

    * **Anonymous** -- March 12, 2012 @ 10:02 pm  Reply

1 1/2 cups is the serving.

  90. **Jana** -- January 10, 2012 @ 1:50 am  Reply

If you are a wimp with spice, how would you alter it to make it less spicy?
Just leave out the pepper altogether, or half it, or ??? I love the idea of
this dish but do not do well with spice!

  91. **Anonymous** -- December 28, 2011 @ 12:37 am  Reply

I've made this twice now & LOVE it! Of course I leave out the red pepper
flakes and add my own spicy sauce in my own bowl. KEEPER!!

  92. **Anonymous** -- December 8, 2011 @ 5:03 pm  Reply

I made this last night for dinner and it was SOOO good! I added some sugar
snap peas for crunch and veggie-action, but the spiciness was great! My
boyfriend and I gobbled it up.

  93. **alana** -- September 10, 2011 @ 3:54 am  Reply

made this over the weekend! Great dish!! SUPER SUPER spicy! Boyfriend really
loved it! thanks!

  94. **Kristie** -- August 29, 2011 @ 1:12 am  Reply

Loved this recipe. I didn't have fish sauce, so it was fine to leave out. I
did add ginger, sugar snap peas, and mushrooms. Very good. My husband liked it
too. Good size portion. I couldn't finish it.

  95. **Lilly** -- August 19, 2011 @ 7:04 am  Reply

Gina, thanks for all the wonderful recipes. I made this one tonight for dinner
and it was absolutely scrumptious. I have made about 8 of your recipes and
they have all been fabulous. You are simply the BEST. Thanks again for sharing
your talents in the kitchen. I can't wait to try more of your recipes, I have
to tell you, my husband is enjoying the great food just as much as me. 🙂

  96. **Abby** -- May 19, 2011 @ 7:53 pm  Reply

This is such a great recipe!!!! I've made it several times and it never fails
to impress me. We love spice in my house and this definitely has a good kick
to it, but not so much that it's overpowering. I also love that the serving
size is so big!!!

Last night I made this with chicken (about 7 oz uncooked) instead of shrimp
and it was equally awesome. I also added 1/2 c frozen peas and 1/2 cup frozen
corn since I didn't have any scallions and feel like fried rice needs some
green in it.

  97. ***C*** -- May 9, 2011 @ 4:04 pm  Reply

This was FANTASTIC!! I made this Friday night and my husband raved about it
(and enjoyed it the next day and the next day!). It was extremely filling and
I love the spices. Thanks again 🙂

  98. **Gina @ Skinnytaste** -- April 8, 2011 @ 1:58 pm  Reply

Oh thanks for noticing, just shake it on. I don't measure when I add spices to
meat, I just add what feels right.

  99. **LesleyfromWI** -- April 8, 2011 @ 3:12 am  Reply

Hi Gina,  
I don't see chili powder, paprika and garlic powder in the ingredient list.
How much should I use? This looks delicious

  100. **allik** -- February 9, 2011 @ 1:42 am  Reply

So good! Added carrots and peas since I had them in my freezer. Husband loved
it.

  101. **Heather** -- January 23, 2011 @ 1:16 am  Reply

This is absolutely delicious - we added zucchini to ours. It doesn't taste
"healthy" at all! The only problem… it's hard to stop eating it! 🙂

  102. **LizE31** -- January 16, 2011 @ 1:17 am  Reply

This was so good…we love chinese so it definitely hit the spot! My husband
couldnt believe it was actually healthy! Thanks so much!

  103. **Heidi** -- January 9, 2011 @ 3:23 am  Reply

Oh my this was SO good! My husband and I both gobbled it up. I added a little
extra soy and fish sauce, but other than that followed the recipe. I will add
a handful of frozen peas next time just because I think it would be a great
addition! Thank you Gina 🙂

  104. **Gina @ Skinnytaste** -- August 19, 2010 @ 6:42 pm  Reply

Yes, a large deep nonstick pan works.

  105. **Anonymous** -- August 19, 2010 @ 4:11 pm  Reply

I don't have a wok can i use a non stick pan to make this fried shrimp dish.
thank

  106. **Anonymous** -- July 31, 2010 @ 12:21 am  Reply

This was soooo good even my step daughter 12 year old loved it

  107. **Gina** -- April 20, 2010 @ 1:15 am  Reply

@Lindsey- This recipe calls for the rice being measure cooked. 3 cups of
uncooked rice would be too much for sure.

  108. **Lindsey** -- April 19, 2010 @ 11:01 pm  Reply

dumb question here: the rice, do you measure before or after cooking? I made
the thai fried rice and it seemed like a lot for 4 servings!

  109. **Gina** -- April 14, 2010 @ 2:13 pm  Reply

You're welcome!

  110. **Anonymous** -- April 13, 2010 @ 8:07 pm  Reply

This dish was awesome if you like to pitch a little heat! A family favorite!
Quick & Easy! Thanks so much for posting!

  111. **Gina** -- January 7, 2010 @ 1:28 pm  Reply

That's great Sarah. My daughter and husband are very suspicious as well if
they think I am making something healthy so they never really know!!

  112. **Sarah** -- January 6, 2010 @ 9:25 pm  Reply

Made this last night and it was great. I didn't tell my husband where I got
the recipe because I knew he wold never try it. Well he loved it as well and
was surprised it was WW friendly. I can't wait to try more

  113. **Gina** -- November 19, 2009 @ 10:48 pm  Reply

@Whitney- I think this is a perfect size portion to satisfy!

@bugs mom- your daughter sounds like a good eater!!!!

  114. **bugs mom** -- November 18, 2009 @ 3:40 pm  Reply

This is SO good! I have made it twice and my family was shocked that it was WW
friendly! My 6 year old daughter just loves it!

  115. **Whitney** -- August 6, 2009 @ 2:36 pm  Reply

Tried this recipe and loved it. Great that its such a large portion size. Next
time I make it I plan on adding some more veges to it.

    * **Linda Johnson** -- December 5, 2021 @ 10:14 pm  Reply

Made this tonight. Left out the cayenne and 1/2 chili powder and it was still
spicy but perfect.. I remember from last time I couldn't eat it , way to hot

  116. **Tiffiny Felix** -- July 3, 2009 @ 9:30 pm  Reply

Yum! We love fried rice, and I love that shrimp are so low in points. Thanks
so much!

## Post navigation

Previous post:

### Crock Pot Chicken Taco Chili Recipe

Next post:

### 7-Day Weight-Loss Meal Plan (February 17-23)

SavedList

### Recipe Key:

  * Vegetarian Meals
  * Gluten Free
  * Under 30 Minutes
  * Freezer Meals
  * Paleo
  * Slow Cooker Recipes
  * Low Carb
  * Kid Friendly
  * Dairy Free
  * Pressure Cooker Recipes
  * Whole 30 Recipes
  * Keto Recipes
  * Air Fryer Recipes
  * Meal Prep Recipes

### Welcome!

Hi, I’m Gina Homolka, a busy mom of two girls, author and recipe developer
here at Skinnytaste.com. My food philosophy is to eat seasonal, whole foods
and maintain good portion control (everything in moderation!).

More About Me »

### New Books!

Skinnytaste Air Fryer Dinners

**Order Now:** Amazon | Barnes & Noble | Indiebound | Books-a-Million

Skinnytaste Ultimate Meal Planner

**Order Now:** Barnes & Noble | Amazon | IndieBound  
View Meal Plans »

### Get Your Copies Today!

Skinnytaste Meal Prep

**Order Now On:** Amazon | Barnes & Noble | Indiebound | Target | Indigo

Skinnytaste Air Fryer Cookbook

**Order Now On:** Amazon | Barnes & Noble | Indiebound | Target

Skinnytaste One & Done

**Order Now On:** Amazon | Barnes & Noble | Indiebound | Target

Skinnytaste Fast and Slow

**Order Now On:** Amazon | Barnes & Noble | Indiebound | Target

The Skinnytaste Cookbook

**Order Now On:** Amazon | Barnes & Noble | Indiebound | iBooks

### Don't Miss a Recipe!

Get recipes & exclusive content via email:



Yes! Send me new recipes & content via email.

  

You can unsubscribe anytime by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom
of emails you receive.

  * Back to Top
  * Home
  * All Recipes
  * Cookbooks
  * About
  * Contact
  * Privacy
  * Free Weight Loss Class

(C)2008-2022 Skinnytaste. Design by Purr. - Enhanced by SHM

  *   *   *   * 

