https://www.swiggy.com/restaurants/chowman-serampore-kolkata-380473


Set locationClick to Choose Location

  * 0Cart

  * Sign In

  * Help

HomeKolkataSeramporeChowman

# Chowman

4.2Closed₹ 700 for two

Opens next at 12 noon, todayChinese, Asian

Serampore, Serampore

  

4.2

500+ ratings

Closed

For Delivery

₹ 700

Cost for two

Offer

50% off up to ₹100 + Flat ₹30 cashback with Paytm | Use code WELCOME50

40% off up to ₹80 | Use code TRYNEW

Favourite

Veg Only

Special Combos

Meal For One

Soup

Veg Soup

Non-veg Soup

All New Menu

Bao

Khao Suey

Ramen

Bangkok Street Noodle Bowl

Starters

Veg Starters

Non-veg Starters

Main Course

Veg Main Course

Chicken Main Course

Fish Main Course

Prawn Main Course

Pork Main Course

Lamb Main Course

Crab Main Course

Squid

Rice

Veg Rice

Non-veg Rice

Noodles

Veg Noodles

Non-veg Noodles

Chop Suey

Meifoon

Veg Meifoon

Non-veg Meifoon

Thai

Dessert & Beverages

Dessert

Beverages

Flavourful Sauces

## Special Combos

### Meal For One

2 items

Veg Item. Special Super Veg Combo. Costs: 249 rupees, Description: Choice of
Veg Noodles OR Choice of Veg Rice with Choice of Veg side dish items, along
with 2 pcs of Veg Momo Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Special Super Veg Combo

249

Choice of Veg Noodles OR Choice of Veg Rice with Choice of Veg side dish
items, along with 2 pcs of Veg Momo

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Special Super Non-veg Combo. Costs: 269 rupees, Description:
Choice of Noodles(Veg/Chicken/Shrimp/Mixed) OR Choice of
Rice(Veg/Chicken/Shrimp/Mixed) with Choice of Chicken(4 pcs) OR Fish(4 pcs)
items, along with 2 pcs of Chicken Momo Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Special Super Non-veg Combo

269

Choice of Noodles(Veg/Chicken/Shrimp/Mixed) OR Choice of
Rice(Veg/Chicken/Shrimp/Mixed) with Choice of Chicken(4 pcs) OR Fish(4 pcs)
items, along with 2 pcs of Chicken Momo

Unavailable

## Soup

### Veg Soup

7 items

Veg Item. Lemon Pepper Soup Veg. Costs: 170 rupees, Description: A less-spicy,
light soup with chinese cabbage,carrot, pak choi, sliced broccolli and button
mushroom flavoured with lemon and pepper. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Lemon Pepper Soup Veg

170

A less-spicy, light soup with chinese cabbage,carrot, pak choi, sliced
broccolli and button mushroom flavoured with lemon and pepper.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Clear Soup. Costs: 155 rupees, Description: Clear soup which
include Chinese cabbage, mushroom, carrots, broccoli with the final sprinkle
of pepper on top. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Clear Soup

155

Clear soup which include Chinese cabbage, mushroom, carrots, broccoli with the
final sprinkle of pepper on top.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Noodle Soup Veg. Costs: 165 rupees, Description: The perfect
concoction of a non-spicy recipe comprising clear soup and noodles that serves
to be a light yet filling portion with cabbage, carrot and mustard plant Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Noodle Soup Veg

165

The perfect concoction of a non-spicy recipe comprising clear soup and noodles
that serves to be a light yet filling portion with cabbage, carrot and mustard
plant

Unavailable

Veg Item. Hot And Sour Soup Veg. Costs: 170 rupees, Description: This soup
come in a spicy, soya based and brown colour with cabbage, carrot, tofu and
shiitake mushroom. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Hot And Sour Soup Veg

170

This soup come in a spicy, soya based and brown colour with cabbage, carrot,
tofu and shiitake mushroom.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Manchow Soup Veg. Costs: 170 rupees, Description: Hot & Spicy soup
made with a healthy combo of beans, carrots, cabbage, Shiitake muushrooms
served alongside crispy noodles. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Manchow Soup Veg

170

Hot & Spicy soup made with a healthy combo of beans, carrots, cabbage,
Shiitake muushrooms served alongside crispy noodles.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Sweet Corn Soup Veg. Costs: 165 rupees, Description: A light start
to your meal, this soup is light, filled with the juicy nutrients of tender
corn mush including cabbage, carrots and beans and comes with a streak of
sweet bend to the flavour Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Sweet Corn Soup Veg

165

A light start to your meal, this soup is light, filled with the juicy
nutrients of tender corn mush including cabbage, carrots and beans and comes
with a streak of sweet bend to the flavour

Unavailable

Veg Item. Lemon Coriander Thick Soup Veg. Costs: 170 rupees, Description: A
thick preparation with cabbage, carrots and beans for heavy outburst of
flavourful coriander and lemon for that ultimate tang and spice summed up in
one amazing soup. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Lemon Coriander Thick Soup Veg

170

A thick preparation with cabbage, carrots and beans for heavy outburst of
flavourful coriander and lemon for that ultimate tang and spice summed up in
one amazing soup.

Unavailable

### Non-veg Soup

20 items

Non-veg item. Fish Ball Soup. Costs: 215 rupees, Description: A clear soup
filled with drops of tender fish balls and additional benefits of cabbage,
carrots, topped with a handful of spring onions. Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Fish Ball Soup

215

A clear soup filled with drops of tender fish balls and additional benefits of
cabbage, carrots, topped with a handful of spring onions.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Hot And Sour Soup. Costs: 180 rupees, Description: This soup
come in a spicy, soya based and brown colour with cabbage, carrot, tofu and
shiitake mushroom along with choice of chicken/prawn or both Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Hot And Sour Soup

180

This soup come in a spicy, soya based and brown colour with cabbage, carrot,
tofu and shiitake mushroom along with choice of chicken/prawn or both

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Lemon Coriander Thick Soup. Costs: 185 rupees, Description: A
thick preparation with a heavy outburst of flavourful coriander and lemon
along with egg drop for that ultimate tang and spice Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Lemon Coriander Thick Soup

185

A thick preparation with a heavy outburst of flavourful coriander and lemon
along with egg drop for that ultimate tang and spice

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Lemon Pepper Soup. Costs: 180 rupees, Description: A less-spicy,
light soup with chinese cabbage, carrot, pak choi, broccoli and button
mushroom flavoured with lemon and pepper; along with chicken/prawn or both
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Lemon Pepper Soup

180

A less-spicy, light soup with chinese cabbage, carrot, pak choi, broccoli and
button mushroom flavoured with lemon and pepper; along with chicken/prawn or
both

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Tom Kha Soup. Costs: 230 rupees, Description: Traditional Thai
Coconut flavored thick soup flavoured with lemon leaf, lemongrass and galagar;
along with chicken or prawn Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Tom Kha Soup

230

Traditional Thai Coconut flavored thick soup flavoured with lemon leaf,
lemongrass and galagar; along with chicken or prawn

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Tom Yum Soup. Costs: 225 rupees, Description: A spicy,
traditional Thai chili soup which variants of chicken or prawn flavoured with
galangal and kaffir lime that gives an amazing twist to the Indian taste bud.
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Tom Yum Soup

225

A spicy, traditional Thai chili soup which variants of chicken or prawn
flavoured with galangal and kaffir lime that gives an amazing twist to the
Indian taste bud.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Clear Soup. Costs: 175 rupees, Description: Clear soup
which include shredded chicken with the final sprinkle of pepper and spring
onion on top. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Clear Soup

175

Clear soup which include shredded chicken with the final sprinkle of pepper
and spring onion on top.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Crab Meat Soup With Egg Drop And Chillies. Costs: 230 rupees,
Description: A heavy, non-spicy soup with crab meat and egg drop, garnished
with fresh chillies which comes in a filling portion and can serve as a truly
satiating appetizer. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Crab Meat Soup With Egg Drop And Chillies

230

A heavy, non-spicy soup with crab meat and egg drop, garnished with fresh
chillies which comes in a filling portion and can serve as a truly satiating
appetizer.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Crab Meat Soup Withwine. Costs: 230 rupees, Description: As the
name suggests, this soup too comes in its luxury ingredients of garlic tossed
crabmeat in thick white broth flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) and fresh
coriander leaf with a sprinkle of chilli flakes. Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Crab Meat Soup Withwine

230

As the name suggests, this soup too comes in its luxury ingredients of garlic
tossed crabmeat in thick white broth flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) and
fresh coriander leaf with a sprinkle of chilli flakes.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Shanshai Crab Meat Soup. Costs: 230 rupees, Description:
Fragrant soup with crab meat, coriander leaves, finished off with wine (non-
alcoholic) Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Shanshai Crab Meat Soup

230

Unavailable

Fragrant soup with crab meat, coriander leaves, finished off with wine (non-
alcoholic)

Non-veg item. Chowman's Favourite Soup. Costs: 245 rupees, Description: From
the house of Chowman, our very own specialty soup is a pure bliss that comes
with an amalgamation of two different soups in perfect proportion, adding up
luxury ingredients such as prawn, Pak Choi, egg drops, mushrooms, boneless
chicken and many more Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chowman's Favourite Soup

245

From the house of Chowman, our very own specialty soup is a pure bliss that
comes with an amalgamation of two different soups in perfect proportion,
adding up luxury ingredients such as prawn, Pak Choi, egg drops, mushrooms,
boneless chicken and many more

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Lung Fung Soup. Costs: 185 rupees, Description: A perfect heavy
fill to your tummy with cabbage, carrot, beans and shiitake mushrooms along
with chicken/ prawn flavoured with wine. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Lung Fung Soup

185

A perfect heavy fill to your tummy with cabbage, carrot, beans and shiitake
mushrooms along with chicken/ prawn flavoured with wine.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Manchow Soup. Costs: 180 rupees, Description: Hot & Spicy soup
made with a healthy combo of beans, carrots, cabbage, Shiitake mushrooms egg
drop, chicken/prawn served alongside crispy noodles. Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Manchow Soup

180

Hot & Spicy soup made with a healthy combo of beans, carrots, cabbage,
Shiitake mushrooms egg drop, chicken/prawn served alongside crispy noodles.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Meat Ball Soup. Costs: 195 rupees, Description: A clear soup
filled with drops of tender meat balls and additional benefits of cabbage,
carrots, topped with a handful of spring onions Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Meat Ball Soup

195

A clear soup filled with drops of tender meat balls and additional benefits of
cabbage, carrots, topped with a handful of spring onions

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Noodle Soup. Costs: 175 rupees, Description: The perfect
concoction of a non-spicy recipe comprising clear soup and noodles that serves
to be a light yet filling portion with cabbage, carrot and mustard plant along
with choice of chicken/prawn or both Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Noodle Soup

175

The perfect concoction of a non-spicy recipe comprising clear soup and noodles
that serves to be a light yet filling portion with cabbage, carrot and mustard
plant along with choice of chicken/prawn or both

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Wonton Soup. Costs: 205 rupees, Description: In its variants of
Chicken or Prawn, this clear soup comes with cute little wontons dumplings in
its filled with tender fillings Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Wonton Soup

205

In its variants of Chicken or Prawn, this clear soup comes with cute little
wontons dumplings in its filled with tender fillings

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Sweet Corn Soup Chicken. Costs: 185 rupees, Description: A light
start to your meal, this soup is light, filled with the juicy nutrients of
tender corn mush including shredded chicken and comes with a streak of sweet
bend to the flavour Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Sweet Corn Soup Chicken

185

A light start to your meal, this soup is light, filled with the juicy
nutrients of tender corn mush including shredded chicken and comes with a
streak of sweet bend to the flavour

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Shredded Lamb Soup With Celery And Mushroom. Costs: 230 rupees,
Description: This non-spicy clear soup comes with shredded lamb, mushroom and
celery, and is flavoured with garlic and peppercorns Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Shredded Lamb Soup With Celery And Mushroom

230

This non-spicy clear soup comes with shredded lamb, mushroom and celery, and
is flavoured with garlic and peppercorns

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Thai Soup. Costs: 225 rupees, Description: This soup is true to
its name with its spicy preparation of the very essence of Thai flavours
coming in a plethora of ingredients including Tom Yum, Cabbage, Ginger,
Garlic, lemon alongside Shiitake mushroom alongside chicken and prawn Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Thai Soup

225

This soup is true to its name with its spicy preparation of the very essence
of Thai flavours coming in a plethora of ingredients including Tom Yum,
Cabbage, Ginger, Garlic, lemon alongside Shiitake mushroom alongside chicken
and prawn

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Seafood Soup. Costs: 245 rupees, Description: A luxury, non-
spicy thick soup meeting the perfect combo of crabmeat, squid and prawn
flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) and sprinkles of coriander leaf. Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Seafood Soup

245

A luxury, non-spicy thick soup meeting the perfect combo of crabmeat, squid
and prawn flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) and sprinkles of coriander leaf.

Unavailable

## All New Menu

### Bao

5 items

Veg Item. Veg Bao (3 Pcs). Costs: 215 rupees, Description: Steamed, fluffy
buns stuffed with a mouthful of crispy potato patty topped with mayonnaise &
Sesame Seeds Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Bao (3 Pcs)

215

Steamed, fluffy buns stuffed with a mouthful of crispy potato patty topped
with mayonnaise & Sesame Seeds

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Bao (3 Pcs). Costs: 245 rupees, Description: Steamed,
fluffy buns stuffed with a mouthful of chicken slices topped with mayonnaise &
Sesame Seeds. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Bao (3 Pcs)

245

Steamed, fluffy buns stuffed with a mouthful of chicken slices topped with
mayonnaise & Sesame Seeds.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Char Sui Pork Bao (3 Pcs). Costs: 295 rupees, Description:
Steamed, fluffy buns stuffed with a mouthful of sliced pork belly topped with
peanuts and micro greens Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Char Sui Pork Bao (3 Pcs)

295

Steamed, fluffy buns stuffed with a mouthful of sliced pork belly topped with
peanuts and micro greens

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Fish Bao (3 Pcs). Costs: 265 rupees, Description: Steamed,
fluffy buns stuffed with a mouthful of finger cutting fish topped with
mayonnaise & Sesame Seeds. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Fish Bao (3 Pcs)

265

Steamed, fluffy buns stuffed with a mouthful of finger cutting fish topped
with mayonnaise & Sesame Seeds.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Slow Cooked Pork Bao (3 Pcs). Costs: 275 rupees, Description:
Steamed, fluffy buns stuffed with a mouthful of diced pork topped with micro
greens Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Slow Cooked Pork Bao (3 Pcs)

275

Steamed, fluffy buns stuffed with a mouthful of diced pork topped with micro
greens

Unavailable

### Khao Suey

4 items

Non-veg item. Chicken Khao Suey. Costs: 420 rupees, Description: Burmese
noodle dish, served with a blend of spicy and sweet coconut sauce, with eight
different condiments for a robust flavours melting into the mouth. Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Khao Suey

420

Unavailable

Burmese noodle dish, served with a blend of spicy and sweet coconut sauce,
with eight different condiments for a robust flavours melting into the mouth.

Veg Item. Veg Khao Suey. Costs: 350 rupees, Description: Burmese noodle dish,
served with a blend of spicy and sweet coconut sauce, with eight different
condiments for a robust flavours melting into the mouth. Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Veg Khao Suey

350

Unavailable

Burmese noodle dish, served with a blend of spicy and sweet coconut sauce,
with eight different condiments for a robust flavours melting into the mouth.

Non-veg item. Mixed Khao Suey. Costs: 480 rupees, Description: Burmese noodle
dish, served with a blend of spicy and sweet coconut sauce comprising of
chicken, shrimp and boiled egg, with eight different condiments for a robust
flavours melting into the mouth. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Mixed Khao Suey

480

Burmese noodle dish, served with a blend of spicy and sweet coconut sauce
comprising of chicken, shrimp and boiled egg, with eight different condiments
for a robust flavours melting into the mouth.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Shrimp Khao Suey. Costs: 440 rupees, Description: Burmese noodle
dish, served with a blend of spicy and sweet coconut sauce, with eight
different condiments for a robust flavours melting into the mouth. Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Shrimp Khao Suey

440

Unavailable

Burmese noodle dish, served with a blend of spicy and sweet coconut sauce,
with eight different condiments for a robust flavours melting into the mouth.

### Ramen

3 items

Non-veg item. Seafood Ramen. Costs: 370 rupees, Description: Japanese style
noodle soup with ingredients like button mushroom, baby corn, broccoli, pak
choi, carrot, chinese cabbage, fresh red chillies and nori sheet; along with
seafoods like squid, shrimp, beckti and boiled egg is one nutrient enriched
main course that reach directly to the heart's way. Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Seafood Ramen

370

Japanese style noodle soup with ingredients like button mushroom, baby corn,
broccoli, pak choi, carrot, chinese cabbage, fresh red chillies and nori
sheet; along with seafoods like squid, shrimp, beckti and boiled egg is one
nutrient enriched main course that reach directly to the heart's way.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Ramen. Costs: 190 rupees, Description: Japanese style noodle
soup with ingredients like button mushroom, baby corn, broccoli, pak choi,
carrot, chinese cabbage, fresh red chillies and nori sheet is one nutrient
enriched main course that reach directly to the heart's way. Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Ramen

190

Unavailable

Japanese style noodle soup with ingredients like button mushroom, baby corn,
broccoli, pak choi, carrot, chinese cabbage, fresh red chillies and nori sheet
is one nutrient enriched main course that reach directly to the heart's way.

Non-veg item. Chicken Ramen. Costs: 280 rupees, Description: Japanese style
noodle soup with ingredients like button mushroom, baby corn, broccoli, pak
choi, carrot, chinese cabbage, fresh red chillies and nori sheet; along with
chicken pieces and boiled egg is one nutrient enriched main course that reach
directly to the heart's way. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Ramen

280

Unavailable

Japanese style noodle soup with ingredients like button mushroom, baby corn,
broccoli, pak choi, carrot, chinese cabbage, fresh red chillies and nori
sheet; along with chicken pieces and boiled egg is one nutrient enriched main
course that reach directly to the heart's way.

### Bangkok Street Noodle Bowl

4 items

Non-veg item. Bangkok Street Noodle Bowl (mixed). Costs: 410 rupees,
Description: Flat noodles in a bowlful of coconut-ey flavored red curry soup
with a subtle tinge of lemongrass along with ingredients like beans, carrot,
button mushroom, baby corn, bamboo shoots, green peas, bell peppers, chicken
and shrimp topped with a poaced egg Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Bangkok Street Noodle Bowl (mixed)

410

Flat noodles in a bowlful of coconut-ey flavored red curry soup with a subtle
tinge of lemongrass along with ingredients like beans, carrot, button
mushroom, baby corn, bamboo shoots, green peas, bell peppers, chicken and
shrimp topped with a poaced egg

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Bangkok Street Noodle Bowl (shrimp). Costs: 380 rupees,
Description: Flat noodles in a bowlful of coconut-ey flavored red curry soup
with a subtle tinge of lemongrass along with ingredients like beans, carrot,
button mushroom, baby corn, bamboo shoots, green peas, bell peppers and shrimp
topped with a poaced egg Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Bangkok Street Noodle Bowl (shrimp)

380

Unavailable

Flat noodles in a bowlful of coconut-ey flavored red curry soup with a subtle
tinge of lemongrass along with ingredients like beans, carrot, button
mushroom, baby corn, bamboo shoots, green peas, bell peppers and shrimp topped
with a poaced egg

Non-veg item. Bangkok Street Noodle Bowl (chicken). Costs: 360 rupees,
Description: Flat noodles in a bowlful of coconut-ey flavored red curry soup
with a subtle tinge of lemongrass along with ingredients like beans, carrot,
button mushroom, baby corn, bamboo shoots, green peas, bell peppers and sliced
chicken topped with a poaced egg Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Bangkok Street Noodle Bowl (chicken)

360

Unavailable

Flat noodles in a bowlful of coconut-ey flavored red curry soup with a subtle
tinge of lemongrass along with ingredients like beans, carrot, button
mushroom, baby corn, bamboo shoots, green peas, bell peppers and sliced
chicken topped with a poaced egg

Veg Item. Bangkok Street Noodle Bowl (veg). Costs: 320 rupees, Description:
Flat noodles in a bowlful of coconut-ey flavored red curry soup with a subtle
tinge of lemongrass along with ingredients like beans, carrot, button
mushroom, baby corn, bamboo shoots, green peas, bell peppers Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Bangkok Street Noodle Bowl (veg)

320

Unavailable

Flat noodles in a bowlful of coconut-ey flavored red curry soup with a subtle
tinge of lemongrass along with ingredients like beans, carrot, button
mushroom, baby corn, bamboo shoots, green peas, bell peppers

## Starters

### Veg Starters

27 items

Veg Item. American Corn Pepper Salt. Costs: 245 rupees, Description: Deceptive
by its name, this preparation is specifically Chinese in nature using American
corn tossed in a mixture of house sauces, ketchup, and soy alongside onion,
chilli flakes, and garlic Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### American Corn Pepper Salt

245

Deceptive by its name, this preparation is specifically Chinese in nature
using American corn tossed in a mixture of house sauces, ketchup, and soy
alongside onion, chilli flakes, and garlic

Unavailable

Veg Item. Stir Fried Pak Choi In Chilli Garlic Sauce. Costs: 230 rupees,
Description: Exotic pak choi stir fried in chilli garlic sauce flavour blended
perfectly for that crunchy, juicy biteful of a delicious starter. Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Stir Fried Pak Choi In Chilli Garlic Sauce

230

Exotic pak choi stir fried in chilli garlic sauce flavour blended perfectly
for that crunchy, juicy biteful of a delicious starter.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Pan Fried Chilli Mushroom. Costs: 250 rupees, Description: Button
mushroom fried to golden crisp, then tossed in soya and chilli paste,
garnished with Spring onion. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Pan Fried Chilli Mushroom

250

Button mushroom fried to golden crisp, then tossed in soya and chilli paste,
garnished with Spring onion.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Stir Fried Pak Choi In Oyster Sauce. Costs: 230 rupees,
Description: Exotic pak choi stir fried in Oyster sauce , blended perfectly
for that crunchy, juicy biteful of a delicious starter. Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Stir Fried Pak Choi In Oyster Sauce

230

Exotic pak choi stir fried in Oyster sauce , blended perfectly for that
crunchy, juicy biteful of a delicious starter.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Crispy Honey Paneer. Costs: 210 rupees, Description: Tender paneer
cubes coated & fried to golden perfection, then tossed into a perfect mix of
soya, lemon & honey for a lip smacking appetizer Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Crispy Honey Paneer

210

Tender paneer cubes coated & fried to golden perfection, then tossed into a
perfect mix of soya, lemon & honey for a lip smacking appetizer

Unavailable

Veg Item. Crackling Spinach. Costs: 230 rupees, Description: Indulge into the
robust flavours of Fresh Spinach chopped and fried to golden perfection, in a
lip-smacking concoction of spicy and sweet with a tinge of tang, garnished
with sliced, roasted almond and sesame seeds Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Crackling Spinach

230

Unavailable

Indulge into the robust flavours of Fresh Spinach chopped and fried to golden
perfection, in a lip-smacking concoction of spicy and sweet with a tinge of
tang, garnished with sliced, roasted almond and sesame seeds

Veg Item. Veg Spring Roll. Costs: 210 rupees, Description: Crispy deep-fried
hand-made wraps filled with a delicious stuffing of lightly spiced and crunchy
vegetables Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Spring Roll

210

Crispy deep-fried hand-made wraps filled with a delicious stuffing of lightly
spiced and crunchy vegetables

Unavailable

Veg Item. Crispy Tofu In Hong Kong Style. Costs: 240 rupees, Description:
Chinese favourite tender tofu diced and deep-fried, sauteed with onion,
celery, and ginger alongside whole a star anise Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Crispy Tofu In Hong Kong Style

240

Chinese favourite tender tofu diced and deep-fried, sauteed with onion,
celery, and ginger alongside whole a star anise

Unavailable

Veg Item. Honey Chilli Lotus Stem. Costs: 270 rupees, Description: Shallow
fried crispy Lotus stem flavoured with light soy, honey and a hint of chilli
sauce. It is a very unique and healthy dish as the Lotus stem is very rich in
vitamins and other nutrients Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Honey Chilli Lotus Stem

270

Shallow fried crispy Lotus stem flavoured with light soy, honey and a hint of
chilli sauce. It is a very unique and healthy dish as the Lotus stem is very
rich in vitamins and other nutrients

Unavailable

Veg Item. Exotic Mushrooms In Chilli Soya Sauce. Costs: 260 rupees,
Description: Stir fried assorted exotic mushrooms tossed in chilli soya sauce
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Exotic Mushrooms In Chilli Soya Sauce

260

Stir fried assorted exotic mushrooms tossed in chilli soya sauce

Unavailable

Veg Item. Pan Fried Chilli Tofu. Costs: 235 rupees, Description: For the lover
of spice, this dish comes with a spicy streak to it, made with traditional
Chinese tofu; sauteed with capsicums, onions and carrots and tossed in spicy
sauces Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Pan Fried Chilli Tofu

235

For the lover of spice, this dish comes with a spicy streak to it, made with
traditional Chinese tofu; sauteed with capsicums, onions and carrots and
tossed in spicy sauces

Unavailable

Veg Item. Paneer Pepper Salt. Costs: 235 rupees, Description: Tender paneer
tossed in soya and other sauces alongside garlic, ginger and onions with the
final sprinkle of pepper and spring onions on top. Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Paneer Pepper Salt

235

Tender paneer tossed in soya and other sauces alongside garlic, ginger and
onions with the final sprinkle of pepper and spring onions on top.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Konjee Crispy Three Treasure Mushroom. Costs: 265 rupees,
Description: A satiating and lip-smacking starter comprising diced button
mushroom, fungus mushroom and shiitake mushroom fried into proper crisp and
tossed with ginger, garlic, hoisin sauce and chilli paste Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Konjee Crispy Three Treasure Mushroom

265

A satiating and lip-smacking starter comprising diced button mushroom, fungus
mushroom and shiitake mushroom fried into proper crisp and tossed with ginger,
garlic, hoisin sauce and chilli paste

Unavailable

Veg Item. Kung Pao Veg (dry). Costs: 245 rupees, Description: Stir fried
vegetables, mushroom, baby corn, roasted cashew nuts in hoisin sauce and
chilli paste flavored with wine (non-alcoholic) Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Kung Pao Veg (dry)

245

Unavailable

Stir fried vegetables, mushroom, baby corn, roasted cashew nuts in hoisin
sauce and chilli paste flavored with wine (non-alcoholic)

Veg Item. Cheese And Spinach Roll. Costs: 260 rupees, Description: Spinach and
cheese stuffed rolls which are fried Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Cheese And Spinach Roll

260

Spinach and cheese stuffed rolls which are fried

Unavailable

Veg Item. Momo Veg (6 Pcs). Costs: 165 rupees, Description: Steamed dumplings
with fresh shredded vegetables are the perfect fill for an evening snack Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Momo Veg (6 Pcs)

165

Steamed dumplings with fresh shredded vegetables are the perfect fill for an
evening snack

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Wonton (8 Pcs). Costs: 200 rupees, Description: Round, tender
Chinese dumplings, stuffed with carrots, cabbage, chopped coriander and
seasonings, served either steamed or fried into golden perfection Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Wonton (8 Pcs)

200

Round, tender Chinese dumplings, stuffed with carrots, cabbage, chopped
coriander and seasonings, served either steamed or fried into golden
perfection

Unavailable

Veg Item. Crispy Chilli Baby Corn. Costs: 230 rupees, Description: A starter
dish to blindly surrender to with soft baby corn tossed in house sauce
alongside onions, garlic, green chillies for that spicy streak combined with
the sweeter side of the babycorn. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Crispy Chilli Baby Corn

230

A starter dish to blindly surrender to with soft baby corn tossed in house
sauce alongside onions, garlic, green chillies for that spicy streak combined
with the sweeter side of the babycorn.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Chilli Teriyaki Potato. Costs: 210 rupees, Description: Red in
colour, Cube fried potatoes tossed in teriyaki sauce and house chilli sauce is
moderately spicy and sweet blowing a kiss with a fist to your hunger pang
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Teriyaki Potato

210

Red in colour, Cube fried potatoes tossed in teriyaki sauce and house chilli
sauce is moderately spicy and sweet blowing a kiss with a fist to your hunger
pang

Unavailable

Veg Item. Crispy Honey Fried Wonton Veg (8 Pcs). Costs: 215 rupees,
Description: Crispy fried southern Chinese soft dumpling stuffed with fresh
vegetables tossed in honey Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Crispy Honey Fried Wonton Veg (8 Pcs)

215

Crispy fried southern Chinese soft dumpling stuffed with fresh vegetables
tossed in honey

Unavailable

Veg Item. Sauteed Assorted Vegetables. Costs: 230 rupees, Description: Diced
exotic vegetables like pak choi, cabbage, carrot, bell peppers, onion, baby
corn, broccoli, cauliflower and button mushroom sauteed with garlic,seasoned
with wine (non-alcoholic) and butter is surely about to set up your mood for a
hearty start to your meal Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Sauteed Assorted Vegetables

230

Diced exotic vegetables like pak choi, cabbage, carrot, bell peppers, onion,
baby corn, broccoli, cauliflower and button mushroom sauteed with
garlic,seasoned with wine (non-alcoholic) and butter is surely about to set up
your mood for a hearty start to your meal

Unavailable

Veg Item. Chilli Paneer. Costs: 235 rupees, Description: A favourite of the
veg lovers; this spicy vegetarian dish meets the flavours of China with tender
paneer tossed in soya and other home-made chilli sauce alongside garlic,
onions and green chillies with the final sprinkle of spring onion on top.
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Paneer

235

A favourite of the veg lovers; this spicy vegetarian dish meets the flavours
of China with tender paneer tossed in soya and other home-made chilli sauce
alongside garlic, onions and green chillies with the final sprinkle of spring
onion on top.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Pan Fried Chilli Paneer. Costs: 235 rupees, Description: For the
lover of spice, this dish comes with a spicy streak to it, made with India's
favourite tender paneer;sauteed with capsicums, onions and carrots and tossed
in spicy sauces Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Pan Fried Chilli Paneer

235

For the lover of spice, this dish comes with a spicy streak to it, made with
India's favourite tender paneer;sauteed with capsicums, onions and carrots and
tossed in spicy sauces

Unavailable

Veg Item. Crispy Baby Corn With Honey. Costs: 230 rupees, Description: A
common favourite as a starter, this dish comes with tender baby corns,fried,
and tossed in honey and sesame seed to satiate your sweet bud Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Crispy Baby Corn With Honey

230

A common favourite as a starter, this dish comes with tender baby corns,fried,
and tossed in honey and sesame seed to satiate your sweet bud

Unavailable

Veg Item. Crispy Chilli Mushroom. Costs: 235 rupees, Description: Crispy fried
button mushroom with garlic, onions, green chillies tossed in house sauces and
chilli paste Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Crispy Chilli Mushroom

235

Crispy fried button mushroom with garlic, onions, green chillies tossed in
house sauces and chilli paste

Unavailable

Veg Item. Mushroom Pepper Salt. Costs: 240 rupees, Description: A scrumptious
starter dish comprising Crispy fried button mushroom with sauteed onion,
celery, flavoured with pepper and garlic Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Mushroom Pepper Salt

240

A scrumptious starter dish comprising Crispy fried button mushroom with
sauteed onion, celery, flavoured with pepper and garlic

Unavailable

Veg Item. Crispy Chilli American Corn. Costs: 245 rupees, Description: Crispy
fried american corn with garlic, onions, green chillies tossed in house sauces
and chilli paste Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Crispy Chilli American Corn

245

Crispy fried american corn with garlic, onions, green chillies tossed in house
sauces and chilli paste

Unavailable

### Non-veg Starters

65 items

Non-veg item. Chicken Momo (6 Pcs). Costs: 185 rupees, Description: The
favourite of the favourites, our momo comes in tender Chicken stuffed inside
steamed dumplings, presented with Chefâ??s special sauce Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Momo (6 Pcs)

185

The favourite of the favourites, our momo comes in tender Chicken stuffed
inside steamed dumplings, presented with Chefâ??s special sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Spicy Pork Salad. Costs: 290 rupees, Description: Tender, chewy
pork slices roasted and blanched in Oyster & dark Soya, with a hot & tangy
blend of kaffir lime & red chillies Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Spicy Pork Salad

290

Tender, chewy pork slices roasted and blanched in Oyster & dark Soya, with a
hot & tangy blend of kaffir lime & red chillies

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Kolkata Style Chilli Fish (10 Pcs). Costs: 330 rupees,
Description: Bite sized pieces of fish tossed in chillies and Chowman's secret
sweet and spicy sauce Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Kolkata Style Chilli Fish (10 Pcs)

330

Bite sized pieces of fish tossed in chillies and Chowman's secret sweet and
spicy sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chowman's Signature Prawn Balls (8 Pcs). Costs: 310 rupees,
Description: Crispy, delectable Prawn balls with the aroma of ginger, fried to
golden perfection and served with sweet chilli sauce Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Chowman's Signature Prawn Balls (8 Pcs)

310

Crispy, delectable Prawn balls with the aroma of ginger, fried to golden
perfection and served with sweet chilli sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Crumb Fried Fish (beckti) (10 Pcs). Costs: 520 rupees,
Description: Crispy Fried Fish served with Sweet Chilli Sauce is the perfect
bite of soulfulness coming in a plate altogether Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Crumb Fried Fish (beckti) (10 Pcs)

520

Crispy Fried Fish served with Sweet Chilli Sauce is the perfect bite of
soulfulness coming in a plate altogether

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Kolkata Style Chilli Chicken (boneless) (12 Pcs). Costs: 300
rupees, Description: Bite sized pieces of chicken tossed in chillies and
Chowman's secret sweet and spicy sauce Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Kolkata Style Chilli Chicken (boneless) (12 Pcs)

300

Bite sized pieces of chicken tossed in chillies and Chowman's secret sweet and
spicy sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Korean Chicken Wings (4 Pcs). Costs: 290 rupees, Description:
Fiery hot tender chicken wings & legs coated, then smothered in a sticky,
spicy &sweet mix of sauces as an enticing finger food Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Korean Chicken Wings (4 Pcs)

290

Fiery hot tender chicken wings & legs coated, then smothered in a sticky,
spicy &sweet mix of sauces as an enticing finger food

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Steamed Chicken With Exotic Veg. Costs: 310 rupees, Description:
Marinated sliced chicken with assorted vegetables, button mushroom, baby corn
stir fried and tossed in chef's special sauces Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Steamed Chicken With Exotic Veg

310

Marinated sliced chicken with assorted vegetables, button mushroom, baby corn
stir fried and tossed in chef's special sauces

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Sliced Fish In Chilli Soya (beckti) (10 Pcs). Costs: 520 rupees,
Description: Marinated fish tossed in Dark Soya, and red chilli paste,
garnished with spring onion Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Sliced Fish In Chilli Soya (beckti) (10 Pcs)

520

Marinated fish tossed in Dark Soya, and red chilli paste, garnished with
spring onion

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Steamed Fish With Chinese Greens (beckti) (10 Pcs). Costs: 530
rupees, Description: A true soul-lifter, we got the Steamed beckti stir fried
with zucchini and exotic green veggies, flavoured with lemongrass Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Steamed Fish With Chinese Greens (beckti) (10 Pcs)

530

A true soul-lifter, we got the Steamed beckti stir fried with zucchini and
exotic green veggies, flavoured with lemongrass

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Crispy Chilli Fish (10 Pcs). Costs: 330 rupees, Description:
Almost a heart winner at snacks or accompaniments, we got the finger fish
double fried to crisp tossed in soy sauce, tomato sauce and chilli sauce Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Crispy Chilli Fish (10 Pcs)

330

Almost a heart winner at snacks or accompaniments, we got the finger fish
double fried to crisp tossed in soy sauce, tomato sauce and chilli sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Golden Fried Fish(beckti) (10 Pcs). Costs: 520 rupees,
Description: The luxury of Beckti fried to perfect golden crisp & moulded in
Japanese tempura batter Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Golden Fried Fish(beckti) (10 Pcs)

520

The luxury of Beckti fried to perfect golden crisp & moulded in Japanese
tempura batter

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Pork Momo (steamed)(6 Pcs). Costs: 195 rupees, Description:
Steamed dumplings stuffed with minced pork and served with Chef's Special
sauce. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Pork Momo (steamed)(6 Pcs)

195

Steamed dumplings stuffed with minced pork and served with Chef's Special
sauce.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Prawn Wonton (8 Pcs). Costs: 245 rupees, Description: Cute
little dumplings filled with minced prawn, either steamed or deep fried,
leaving a mouthful of love behind Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Prawn Wonton (8 Pcs)

245

Cute little dumplings filled with minced prawn, either steamed or deep fried,
leaving a mouthful of love behind

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Clay Pot Braised Chicken With Mushroom. Costs: 300 rupees,
Description: Tender and juicy sliced chicken slightly blanched and tossed in
soya sauce, oyster sauce, with mushroom and served in a clay pot Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Clay Pot Braised Chicken With Mushroom

300

Tender and juicy sliced chicken slightly blanched and tossed in soya sauce,
oyster sauce, with mushroom and served in a clay pot

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Pepper Garlic Chicken (12 Pcs). Costs: 280 rupees, Description:
Diced chicken, bell pepper and onion, tossed in butter, oyster sauce, dark
soya; and flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Pepper Garlic Chicken (12 Pcs)

280

Diced chicken, bell pepper and onion, tossed in butter, oyster sauce, dark
soya; and flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic)

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Konjee Crispy Chicken. Costs: 280 rupees, Description: Shredded
tender chicken marinated, then fried to crisp with vegetables tossed in
multiple secret sauces Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Konjee Crispy Chicken

280

Shredded tender chicken marinated, then fried to crisp with vegetables tossed
in multiple secret sauces

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Kolkata Style Chilli Pork (dry). Costs: 315 rupees, Description:
Tender boneless pork slices marinated, then tossed in dark Soya, green chili,
and onion with a final sprinkle of white peppers and spring onions on top.
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Kolkata Style Chilli Pork (dry)

315

Tender boneless pork slices marinated, then tossed in dark Soya, green chili,
and onion with a final sprinkle of white peppers and spring onions on top.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Lat Mai Kai. Costs: 295 rupees, Description: Marinated pan fried
chicken and vegetables tossed in chef's special house sauces Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Lat Mai Kai

295

Marinated pan fried chicken and vegetables tossed in chef's special house
sauces

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Pan Fried Chilli Chicken (12 Pcs). Costs: 290 rupees,
Description: Pan fried chicken with garlic, onions and green chillies tossed
in soy sauce, tomato sauce and house chilli sauce Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Pan Fried Chilli Chicken (12 Pcs)

290

Pan fried chicken with garlic, onions and green chillies tossed in soy sauce,
tomato sauce and house chilli sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Crispy Fried Crab Wonton (10 Pcs). Costs: 320 rupees,
Description: Round tender dumpling stuffed with crab meat, mushrooms and
seasoning, deep fried to crispy golden brown perfection, served with sweet
chilli sauce Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Crispy Fried Crab Wonton (10 Pcs)

320

Round tender dumpling stuffed with crab meat, mushrooms and seasoning, deep
fried to crispy golden brown perfection, served with sweet chilli sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Roasted Pork In Chilli Plum Sauce. Costs: 320 rupees,
Description: The lip-smacking flavours of Roasted Sliced Pork tossed in a
sweet Chinese plum sauce and spicy chilly sauce Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Roasted Pork In Chilli Plum Sauce

320

The lip-smacking flavours of Roasted Sliced Pork tossed in a sweet Chinese
plum sauce and spicy chilly sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce. Costs: 325 rupees, Description:
Traditional Southeast Asian styled skewered grilled meat, served with peanut
sauce Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

325

Traditional Southeast Asian styled skewered grilled meat, served with peanut
sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Fried Squid In Sweet Chilli Sauce. Costs: 385 rupees,
Description: Luxury seafood-Squid deep fried, then tossed in sweet chilli
sauce is a plateful of pleasure at one go Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Fried Squid In Sweet Chilli Sauce

385

Luxury seafood-Squid deep fried, then tossed in sweet chilli sauce is a
plateful of pleasure at one go

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Honey Glazed Chilli Squid. Costs: 410 rupees, Description: For
those with a sweeter streak to them, we got the Pan fried squid with honey-soy
reduction, garnished with sesame seeds. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Honey Glazed Chilli Squid

410

For those with a sweeter streak to them, we got the Pan fried squid with
honey-soy reduction, garnished with sesame seeds.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Mountain Chilli Squid. Costs: 390 rupees, Description: Spicier
than your love for spice, our Mountain Chilli Squid features the luxury
seafood fried to crisp then tossed in the spicy Mountain Chilli sauce Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Mountain Chilli Squid

390

Spicier than your love for spice, our Mountain Chilli Squid features the
luxury seafood fried to crisp then tossed in the spicy Mountain Chilli sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Prawn In Chilli Mountain Sauce (8 Pcs). Costs: 390 rupees,
Description: A favourite of the sea-food lovers this dish features stir fried
prawns in spicy sauces, chilli flakes that serve the perfect spicy start to
your Chinese meal. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Prawn In Chilli Mountain Sauce (8 Pcs)

390

A favourite of the sea-food lovers this dish features stir fried prawns in
spicy sauces, chilli flakes that serve the perfect spicy start to your Chinese
meal.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Prawn Har Gau (8 Pcs). Costs: 450 rupees, Description:
Traditional Cantonese steamed dumplings made from a variety of starch sources,
wrapped around a filling of delicious prawn Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Prawn Har Gau (8 Pcs)

450

Traditional Cantonese steamed dumplings made from a variety of starch sources,
wrapped around a filling of delicious prawn

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Sauteed Prawn With Chinese Greens (8 Pcs). Costs: 350 rupees,
Description: Fried prawns sauteed with exotic Chinese greens, tossed in wine
(non-alcoholic) and butter Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Sauteed Prawn With Chinese Greens (8 Pcs)

350

Unavailable

Fried prawns sauteed with exotic Chinese greens, tossed in wine (non-
alcoholic) and butter

Non-veg item. Lamb Rolls In Soya Sauce. Costs: 465 rupees, Description:
Shredded Lamb meat tossed in house sauces, wrapped in rolls and steamed,
served with a flavoursome soya sauce Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Lamb Rolls In Soya Sauce

465

Shredded Lamb meat tossed in house sauces, wrapped in rolls and steamed,
served with a flavoursome soya sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Bbq Smoked Fish (10 Pcs). Costs: 550 rupees, Description:
Shallow fried beckti tossed in the seasoning of five spice, hoisin, dark soy
sauce and red chilli paste Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Bbq Smoked Fish (10 Pcs)

550

Shallow fried beckti tossed in the seasoning of five spice, hoisin, dark soy
sauce and red chilli paste

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Crispy Honey Fried Wontons (8 Pcs). Costs: 235 rupees,
Description: Southern Chinese soft dumplings stuffed with chicken or prawn,
fried to a mild-sweet crisp and tossed in honey Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Crispy Honey Fried Wontons (8 Pcs)

235

Southern Chinese soft dumplings stuffed with chicken or prawn, fried to a
mild-sweet crisp and tossed in honey

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Fish Pepper Salt (10 Pcs). Costs: 310 rupees, Description:
Marinated Sliced fish fried, and tossed in chilli oil, oyster sauce, light
soya and wine for that extravagance in flavours for a spiced-up beginning to
your meal. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Fish Pepper Salt (10 Pcs)

310

Marinated Sliced fish fried, and tossed in chilli oil, oyster sauce, light
soya and wine for that extravagance in flavours for a spiced-up beginning to
your meal.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Pan Fried Chilli Fish (10 Pcs). Costs: 310 rupees, Description:
Marinated fish pan-seared with garlic, onions, green chillies; tossed in soy
sauce, ketchup and chilli paste brings bliss in every single bite Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Pan Fried Chilli Fish (10 Pcs)

310

Marinated fish pan-seared with garlic, onions, green chillies; tossed in soy
sauce, ketchup and chilli paste brings bliss in every single bite

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Pepper Garlic Fish (10 Pcs). Costs: 310 rupees, Description:
Marinated and fried fish sautÃ©ed with bell peppers, onions and celery, tossed
in tomato sauce butter comes with that perfect aroma of garlic to it. Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Pepper Garlic Fish (10 Pcs)

310

Marinated and fried fish sautÃ©ed with bell peppers, onions and celery, tossed
in tomato sauce butter comes with that perfect aroma of garlic to it.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Sui Mai (8 Pcs). Costs: 265 rupees, Description: Soft steamed
dumplings stuffed with preferred variant of Chicken/Prawn is the perfect light
starter or can serve as a filling bite for your evening snacks. Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Sui Mai (8 Pcs)

265

Soft steamed dumplings stuffed with preferred variant of Chicken/Prawn is the
perfect light starter or can serve as a filling bite for your evening snacks.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Spring Roll (6 Pcs). Costs: 230 rupees, Description:
Crispy deep-fried hand-made wraps filled with a delicious stuffing of lightly
spiced and tender chicken fillings Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Spring Roll (6 Pcs)

230

Crispy deep-fried hand-made wraps filled with a delicious stuffing of lightly
spiced and tender chicken fillings

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Wonton (8 Pcs). Costs: 230 rupees, Description: Cute
little dumplings filled with miced chicken, either steamed or deep fried,
leaving a mouthful of love behind Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Wonton (8 Pcs)

230

Cute little dumplings filled with miced chicken, either steamed or deep fried,
leaving a mouthful of love behind

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Honey Chilli Crispy Lamb. Costs: 340 rupees, Description: Crispy
lamb tossed in light soya with a squeeze of lime is like heaven on plate that
is surely going to leave you craving for more Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Honey Chilli Crispy Lamb

340

Crispy lamb tossed in light soya with a squeeze of lime is like heaven on
plate that is surely going to leave you craving for more

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Drums Of Heaven (thai Style) (8 Pcs). Costs: 275 rupees,
Description: Chicken lollipops sauteed in special sauces and other specific
sauces for a Thai bend to the flavour. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Drums Of Heaven (thai Style) (8 Pcs)

275

Chicken lollipops sauteed in special sauces and other specific sauces for a
Thai bend to the flavour.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Lollipop (8 Pcs). Costs: 270 rupees, Description: Mouth
lingering starter and everyone?? favourite, featuring marinated and fried
Chicken drumsticks served with hot garlic sauce Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Chicken Lollipop (8 Pcs)

270

Mouth lingering starter and everyone?? favourite, featuring marinated and
fried Chicken drumsticks served with hot garlic sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Fried Chicken Wings (4 Pcs). Costs: 270 rupees, Description: The
crunchiest, mouth lingering tender Chicken wings fried to perfection and
flavoured with squeeze of lemons and chilly oil. Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Fried Chicken Wings (4 Pcs)

270

The crunchiest, mouth lingering tender Chicken wings fried to perfection and
flavoured with squeeze of lemons and chilly oil.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Kolkata Style Chilli Chicken (with Bone) (12 Pcs). Costs: 280
rupees, Description: Bite sized pieces of chicken with tender bones tossed in
chillies and Chowman's secret sweet and spicy sauce Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Kolkata Style Chilli Chicken (with Bone) (12 Pcs)

280

Bite sized pieces of chicken with tender bones tossed in chillies and
Chowman's secret sweet and spicy sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Sliced Chicken In Schezwan Style. Costs: 270 rupees,
Description: Mouth watering, spicy, sliced marinated chicken with diced onion,
bell pepper and dry chillies, tossed in Chinese Schezwan sauce will surely set
your buds on fire Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Sliced Chicken In Schezwan Style

270

Mouth watering, spicy, sliced marinated chicken with diced onion, bell pepper
and dry chillies, tossed in Chinese Schezwan sauce will surely set your buds
on fire

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Drums Of Heaven (hong Kong Style) (8 Pcs). Costs: 275 rupees,
Description: Chicken lollipops in Indo-Chinese style of cooking sauteed with
different Chinese sauces with a flavour of Star anise Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Drums Of Heaven (hong Kong Style) (8 Pcs)

275

Chicken lollipops in Indo-Chinese style of cooking sauteed with different
Chinese sauces with a flavour of Star anise

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Green And Red Pepper Chicken. Costs: 275 rupees, Description:
Sliced chicken with green and red bell pepper tossed in very low amount of
oyster sauce, dark soya and spring onion flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic)
and topped with chilli flakes Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Green And Red Pepper Chicken

275

Sliced chicken with green and red bell pepper tossed in very low amount of
oyster sauce, dark soya and spring onion flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic)
and topped with chilli flakes

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Barbeque Chicken (12 Pcs). Costs: 280 rupees, Description:
Marinated diced chicken tossed in tomato sauce and dark soya garnished with
shredded carrot Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Barbeque Chicken (12 Pcs)

280

Marinated diced chicken tossed in tomato sauce and dark soya garnished with
shredded carrot

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Tai Pai. Costs: 300 rupees, Description: Shredded
chicken fried and sauteed with celery and garlic, tossed in chilli oil and
sauces, flavoured with julian onion and lemon juice Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Chicken Tai Pai

300

Shredded chicken fried and sauteed with celery and garlic, tossed in chilli
oil and sauces, flavoured with julian onion and lemon juice

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Sweet And Spicy Crispy Chicken. Costs: 290 rupees, Description:
The perfect blend of sweet and spicy in this dish of chicken pieces fried to
perfect crisp and glazed with a sticky sweet and spicy sauce Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Sweet And Spicy Crispy Chicken

290

The perfect blend of sweet and spicy in this dish of chicken pieces fried to
perfect crisp and glazed with a sticky sweet and spicy sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Honey Glazed Pan Fried Chicken With Lemon (12 Pcs). Costs: 300
rupees, Description: With a tinge of sweeter streak to it, this dish features
the Pan fried chicken tossed in honey and garnished with sesame seed setting
up as the perfect starter to complement your evening mood. Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Honey Glazed Pan Fried Chicken With Lemon (12 Pcs)

300

With a tinge of sweeter streak to it, this dish features the Pan fried chicken
tossed in honey and garnished with sesame seed setting up as the perfect
starter to complement your evening mood.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Roasted Chilli Pork (dry). Costs: 300 rupees, Description: For
the lover of spice, Roasted Chilli pork comes with tender pork slices tossed
with onion, capsicum, soy sauce and chilli sauce Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Roasted Chilli Pork (dry)

300

For the lover of spice, Roasted Chilli pork comes with tender pork slices
tossed with onion, capsicum, soy sauce and chilli sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chilli Shrimps. Costs: 315 rupees, Description: A Spicy retreat
with our mastery over shrimps marinated and tossed in soy sauce, tomato and
house chilli sauce. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Shrimps

315

A Spicy retreat with our mastery over shrimps marinated and tossed in soy
sauce, tomato and house chilli sauce.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Double Fried Pork. Costs: 315 rupees, Description: Marinated
pork double fried and tossed in hoisin sauce, tomato sauce, chilli sauce and
black bean sauce with a squeeze of lime on top Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Double Fried Pork

315

Marinated pork double fried and tossed in hoisin sauce, tomato sauce, chilli
sauce and black bean sauce with a squeeze of lime on top

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Fire Roasted Mandarin Chicken. Costs: 310 rupees, Description:
As the name goes, this dish comes with its fiery flavors of tender, shredded
chicken roasted and served in semi gravy along with mushrooms ; then flavoured
with house sauces, coriander and sesame oil Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Fire Roasted Mandarin Chicken

310

As the name goes, this dish comes with its fiery flavors of tender, shredded
chicken roasted and served in semi gravy along with mushrooms ; then flavoured
with house sauces, coriander and sesame oil

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Char Sui Lamb. Costs: 330 rupees, Description: With a special
retreat to traditional Chinese, the dish brings in tender lamb racks coated
and roasted in devil sauce, hoisin sauce; and is flavoured with wine (non-
alcoholic) and five star powders along with pak choi, button mushrooms and
bell peppers Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Char Sui Lamb

330

With a special retreat to traditional Chinese, the dish brings in tender lamb
racks coated and roasted in devil sauce, hoisin sauce; and is flavoured with
wine (non-alcoholic) and five star powders along with pak choi, button
mushrooms and bell peppers

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Double Fried Lamb. Costs: 330 rupees, Description: Marinated
lamb double fried and tossed in hoisin sauce, tomato sauce, chilli sauce and
black bean sauce with a squeeze of lime on top Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Double Fried Lamb

330

Marinated lamb double fried and tossed in hoisin sauce, tomato sauce, chilli
sauce and black bean sauce with a squeeze of lime on top

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Konjee Crispy Lamb. Costs: 325 rupees, Description: Marinated
shredded lamb fried to crisp with vegetables tossed in sauces Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Konjee Crispy Lamb

325

Marinated shredded lamb fried to crisp with vegetables tossed in sauces

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Deep Fried Barbeque Spare Ribs. Costs: 345 rupees, Description:
A drool-worthy starter dish comprising pork fat and meat with bones is a
soulful beginning to a hearty meal Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Deep Fried Barbeque Spare Ribs

345

A drool-worthy starter dish comprising pork fat and meat with bones is a
soulful beginning to a hearty meal

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Golden Fried Prawn (8 Pcs). Costs: 390 rupees, Description:
Tender, delicious prawn, marinated, then fried golden in Japanese tempura
batter Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Golden Fried Prawn (8 Pcs)

390

Tender, delicious prawn, marinated, then fried golden in Japanese tempura
batter

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Honey Glazed Spare Ribs. Costs: 355 rupees, Description: Roasted
spare pork ribs tossed in honey and finished with butter Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Honey Glazed Spare Ribs

355

Roasted spare pork ribs tossed in honey and finished with butter

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Schezwan Pepper Squid. Costs: 400 rupees, Description: A proper
satiation to our spice bud, this dish features the Fried squid tossed in
oyster sauce and light soya, flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) and crushed
schezwan pepper Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Schezwan Pepper Squid

400

A proper satiation to our spice bud, this dish features the Fried squid tossed
in oyster sauce and light soya, flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) and
crushed schezwan pepper

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chilli Squid. Costs: 385 rupees, Description: Hot & Spicy
preparation starring seafood-squid fried, and tossed in dark soya, tomato
sauce and chilli paste Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Squid

385

Hot & Spicy preparation starring seafood-squid fried, and tossed in dark soya,
tomato sauce and chilli paste

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Prawn Pepper Salt (8 Pcs). Costs: 390 rupees, Description:
Marinated prawns tossed in chilli oil, oyster sauce, soya and flavoured with
wine (non-alcoholic) and pepper Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Prawn Pepper Salt (8 Pcs)

390

Marinated prawns tossed in chilli oil, oyster sauce, soya and flavoured with
wine (non-alcoholic) and pepper

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Prawn Ka Seong (8 Pcs). Costs: 400 rupees, Description: King
prawns sauteed with shredded vegetables, button mushrooms and chillies;
finally flavoured with dark soya Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Prawn Ka Seong (8 Pcs)

400

King prawns sauteed with shredded vegetables, button mushrooms and chillies;
finally flavoured with dark soya

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Pepper Garlic Prawn (8 Pcs). Costs: 400 rupees, Description:
Marinated prawns, bellpepper and onion tossed in butter, oyster sauce, dark
soya and flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) and pepper Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Pepper Garlic Prawn (8 Pcs)

400

Marinated prawns, bellpepper and onion tossed in butter, oyster sauce, dark
soya and flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) and pepper

Unavailable

## Main Course

### Veg Main Course

21 items

Veg Item. Sweet And Sour Vegetable. Costs: 230 rupees, Description: Fresh
vegetables like cabbage, carrot, bell peppers, pak choi, baby corn,
cauliflower, pine apple, tomato and cucumber tossed in sweet and sour sauce
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Sweet And Sour Vegetable

230

Fresh vegetables like cabbage, carrot, bell peppers, pak choi, baby corn,
cauliflower, pine apple, tomato and cucumber tossed in sweet and sour sauce

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Coin In Sauce Of Your Choice. Costs: 245 rupees, Description:
Amalgamation of stir fried cabbage and corns, sauteed in Chilli paste made
into a coin, served in sauce variants of Hot Garlic/ Chilli Soya/Sweet chilli.
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Coin In Sauce Of Your Choice

245

Amalgamation of stir fried cabbage and corns, sauteed in Chilli paste made
into a coin, served in sauce variants of Hot Garlic/ Chilli Soya/Sweet chilli.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Exotic Veg In Mountain Chilli Sauce. Costs: 245 rupees, Description:
Sauteed exotic vegetables such as carrot, mushroom, baby corn, cauliflwoer,
broccoli, pak choi, cabbage, bell peppers tossed in a spicy sauce and mountain
chilli to give that hot spicy bend to the dish Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Exotic Veg In Mountain Chilli Sauce

245

Sauteed exotic vegetables such as carrot, mushroom, baby corn, cauliflwoer,
broccoli, pak choi, cabbage, bell peppers tossed in a spicy sauce and mountain
chilli to give that hot spicy bend to the dish

Unavailable

Veg Item. Exotic Veg In Pepper Garlic Sauce. Costs: 245 rupees, Description: A
delicious veg starter, featuring the Chinese Cabbage, Pak Choi, Butter
Mushroom, Baby corn, Broccoli, carrot, bell peppers and cauliflower tossed in
Pepper Garlic sauce, with a final sprinkles of black pepper on top. Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Exotic Veg In Pepper Garlic Sauce

245

A delicious veg starter, featuring the Chinese Cabbage, Pak Choi, Butter
Mushroom, Baby corn, Broccoli, carrot, bell peppers and cauliflower tossed in
Pepper Garlic sauce, with a final sprinkles of black pepper on top.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Exotic Veg In Coriander Sauce. Costs: 245 rupees, Description: Diced
green capsicum, carrot, cabbage, pak choi, cauliflower, broccoli, baby corn
and mushroom tossed in coriander paste with a squeeze of lime Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Exotic Veg In Coriander Sauce

245

Diced green capsicum, carrot, cabbage, pak choi, cauliflower, broccoli, baby
corn and mushroom tossed in coriander paste with a squeeze of lime

Unavailable

Veg Item. Chilli Garlic Baby Corn And Button Mushroom. Costs: 245 rupees,
Description: Sauteed chopped garlic, baby corn and button mushroom in tomato
and house chilli sauce, flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Garlic Baby Corn And Button Mushroom

245

Sauteed chopped garlic, baby corn and button mushroom in tomato and house
chilli sauce, flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic)

Unavailable

Veg Item. Four Treasure Vegetables In Spicy Hunan Sauce. Costs: 255 rupees,
Description: Pak Choi, Chinese Cabbage, Babycorn, Broccoli and bell peppers
tossed in soya flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Four Treasure Vegetables In Spicy Hunan Sauce

255

Pak Choi, Chinese Cabbage, Babycorn, Broccoli and bell peppers tossed in soya
flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic)

Unavailable

Veg Item. Hunan Paneer. Costs: 245 rupees, Description: Fried paneer, cooked
with bell peppers, chopped garlic and flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic)
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Hunan Paneer

245

Fried paneer, cooked with bell peppers, chopped garlic and flavoured with wine
(non-alcoholic)

Unavailable

Veg Item. Chilli Tofu. Costs: 255 rupees, Description: Cubes of crispy tofu
sauteed with garlic, onions and green chillies tossed in soya sauce and chilli
paste Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Tofu

255

Cubes of crispy tofu sauteed with garlic, onions and green chillies tossed in
soya sauce and chilli paste

Unavailable

Veg Item. Tofu In Black Bean Sauce. Costs: 255 rupees, Description: Fried tofu
tossed in black bean sauce flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Tofu In Black Bean Sauce

255

Fried tofu tossed in black bean sauce flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic)

Unavailable

Veg Item. Tofu In Hot Garlic Sauce. Costs: 255 rupees, Description: Fried tofu
tossed in garlic, chilli sauce and spicy devil's sauce Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Tofu In Hot Garlic Sauce

255

Fried tofu tossed in garlic, chilli sauce and spicy devil's sauce

Unavailable

Veg Item. Paneer Manchurian. Costs: 245 rupees, Description: India's favourite
delicate Paneer balls tossed in dark soya, chilli sauce & oystter sauce. Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Paneer Manchurian

245

India's favourite delicate Paneer balls tossed in dark soya, chilli sauce &
oystter sauce.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Chilli Potato. Costs: 220 rupees, Description: Fried potato cubes
tossed in soy sauce, tomato sauce and chilli paste Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Chilli Potato

220

Fried potato cubes tossed in soy sauce, tomato sauce and chilli paste

Unavailable

Veg Item. Exotic Vegetables In Chilli Basil Sauce. Costs: 235 rupees,
Description: Exotic vegetables such as baby corn, mushrooms, pak choi, chinese
cabbage, bell peppers, carrot, cauliflower, broccoli and zuchhini tossed in
oystter sauce and dark soya with basil leaf Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Exotic Vegetables In Chilli Basil Sauce

235

Exotic vegetables such as baby corn, mushrooms, pak choi, chinese cabbage,
bell peppers, carrot, cauliflower, broccoli and zuchhini tossed in oystter
sauce and dark soya with basil leaf

Unavailable

Veg Item. Mixed Vegetables In White Sauce. Costs: 230 rupees, Description:
Fresh vegetables such as baby corn, pak choi, mushrooms, broccoli,
cauliflower, chinese cabbage, carrot, bell peppers and zuchhini in thick sauce
flavoured with butter, garlic and pepper Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Mixed Vegetables In White Sauce

230

Fresh vegetables such as baby corn, pak choi, mushrooms, broccoli,
cauliflower, chinese cabbage, carrot, bell peppers and zuchhini in thick sauce
flavoured with butter, garlic and pepper

Unavailable

Veg Item. American Corn And Potatoes In Hot Garlic Sauce. Costs: 245 rupees,
Description: Sauteed American Corn and potato in garlic, chilli sauce and
chilli paste Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### American Corn And Potatoes In Hot Garlic Sauce

245

Sauteed American Corn and potato in garlic, chilli sauce and chilli paste

Unavailable

Veg Item. Schezwan Mixed Vegetable With Baby Corn And Button Mushroom. Costs:
235 rupees, Description: Diced assorted vegetables such as baby corn, pak
choi, cabbage, capsicum, broccoli, cauliflower and button mushroom flavoured
with schezwan spices Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Schezwan Mixed Vegetable With Baby Corn And Button Mushroom

235

Diced assorted vegetables such as baby corn, pak choi, cabbage, capsicum,
broccoli, cauliflower and button mushroom flavoured with schezwan spices

Unavailable

Veg Item. Devil's Choice Vegetables. Costs: 255 rupees, Description: Exotic
vegetables such as pak choi, broccoli, chinese cabbage, zucchini, mushrooms,
baby corn, cauliflower and potato tossed in super spicy devil's sauce Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Devil's Choice Vegetables

255

Exotic vegetables such as pak choi, broccoli, chinese cabbage, zucchini,
mushrooms, baby corn, cauliflower and potato tossed in super spicy devil's
sauce

Unavailable

Veg Item. Mixed Veg In Kung Pao Style (gravy). Costs: 250 rupees, Description:
Stir fried exotic vegetables, mushroom, baby corn, carrot, cauliflower, bell
peppers, zucchini and cashew nuts in hoisin sauce and chilli sauce flavoured
with wine (non-alcoholic) Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Mixed Veg In Kung Pao Style (gravy)

250

Stir fried exotic vegetables, mushroom, baby corn, carrot, cauliflower, bell
peppers, zucchini and cashew nuts in hoisin sauce and chilli sauce flavoured
with wine (non-alcoholic)

Unavailable

Veg Item. Paneer Garlic. Costs: 245 rupees, Description: Fried paneer, cooked
and flavoured with garlic, butter and wine (non-alcoholic) and garnished with
spring onions Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Paneer Garlic

245

Fried paneer, cooked and flavoured with garlic, butter and wine (non-
alcoholic) and garnished with spring onions

Unavailable

Veg Item. Broccoli, Baby Corn, Mushroom In Chilli Corn Sauce. Costs: 265
rupees, Description: Broccoli, Babycorn and Mushroom finely cooked in gravy
made from chilli, corn and garlic Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Broccoli, Baby Corn, Mushroom In Chilli Corn Sauce

265

Broccoli, Babycorn and Mushroom finely cooked in gravy made from chilli, corn
and garlic

Unavailable

### Chicken Main Course

28 items

Non-veg item. Chicken With Cashew Nut And Dry Chilli (12 Pcs). Costs: 310
rupees, Description: Marinated chicken with cashew nut tossed in dark soya and
chilli paste, flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) and dried chillies Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken With Cashew Nut And Dry Chilli (12 Pcs)

310

Marinated chicken with cashew nut tossed in dark soya and chilli paste,
flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) and dried chillies

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken In Hot Garlic Sauce (12 Pcs). Costs: 290 rupees,
Description: Marinated chicken tossed in sauteed garlic, tomato sauce and
house chilli sauce Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken In Hot Garlic Sauce (12 Pcs)

290

Marinated chicken tossed in sauteed garlic, tomato sauce and house chilli
sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chilli Chicken (12 Pcs). Costs: 290 rupees, Description:
Marinated fried chicken tossed in garlic, onion, chillies, soy sauce, tomato
and chilli sauce Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Chicken (12 Pcs)

290

Marinated fried chicken tossed in garlic, onion, chillies, soy sauce, tomato
and chilli sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Garlic Chicken (12 Pcs). Costs: 290 rupees, Description:
Marinated chicken with sauteed garlic tossed in butter and sweet ketchup Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Garlic Chicken (12 Pcs)

290

Marinated chicken with sauteed garlic tossed in butter and sweet ketchup

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Ginger Chicken (12 Pcs). Costs: 290 rupees, Description:
Marinated chicken tossed in dark soya and oyster sauce, flavoured with wine
(non-alcoholic) and ginger Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Ginger Chicken (12 Pcs)

290

Marinated chicken tossed in dark soya and oyster sauce, flavoured with wine
(non-alcoholic) and ginger

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Manchurian Chicken (12 Pcs). Costs: 290 rupees, Description:
Marinated chicken tossed in dark soya, spicy chilli sauce, oyster and tomato
sauce Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Manchurian Chicken (12 Pcs)

290

Marinated chicken tossed in dark soya, spicy chilli sauce, oyster and tomato
sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken In Plum Sauce (12 Pcs). Costs: 310 rupees, Description:
Marinated chicken tossed in a sweet Chinese plum sauce Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Chicken In Plum Sauce (12 Pcs)

310

Marinated chicken tossed in a sweet Chinese plum sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Hunan Chicken. Costs: 300 rupees, Description: Marinated chicken
cooked with bell peppers, flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) and butter Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Hunan Chicken

300

Marinated chicken cooked with bell peppers, flavoured with wine (non-
alcoholic) and butter

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Schezwan Chicken (12 Pcs). Costs: 300 rupees, Description: Diced
marinated chicken tossed in oyster sauce, light soya, flavoured with wine
(non-alcoholic) and schezwan pepper Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Schezwan Chicken (12 Pcs)

300

Diced marinated chicken tossed in oyster sauce, light soya, flavoured with
wine (non-alcoholic) and schezwan pepper

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken In Black Bean Sauce. Costs: 300 rupees, Description:
Marinated chicken tossed in black bean sauce and dark soya flavoured with wine
(non-alcoholic) Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken In Black Bean Sauce

300

Marinated chicken tossed in black bean sauce and dark soya flavoured with wine
(non-alcoholic)

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Sweet And Spicy Pineapple Chicken (12 Pcs). Costs: 310 rupees,
Description: Marinated chicken tossed in pineapple and orange juice, garnished
with pineapple & cherry Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Sweet And Spicy Pineapple Chicken (12 Pcs)

310

Marinated chicken tossed in pineapple and orange juice, garnished with
pineapple & cherry

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Hot Pot Hunan Chicken With Shiitake Mushroom. Costs: 320 rupees,
Description: Marinated chicken, shiitake mushroom and bell pepper tossed in
chilli bean sauce, chilli sauce and flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Hot Pot Hunan Chicken With Shiitake Mushroom

320

Marinated chicken, shiitake mushroom and bell pepper tossed in chilli bean
sauce, chilli sauce and flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic)

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Tsing Hoi Chicken. Costs: 305 rupees, Description: Marinated
chicken, capsicum and fried cashew nuts braised in traditional tsing hoi and
chilli sauce Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Tsing Hoi Chicken

305

Marinated chicken, capsicum and fried cashew nuts braised in traditional tsing
hoi and chilli sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Lemon Chicken (12 Pcs). Costs: 290 rupees, Description:
Marinated chicken tossed in lemon juice, butter and chopped garlic, served
with sliced lemon Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Lemon Chicken (12 Pcs)

290

Marinated chicken tossed in lemon juice, butter and chopped garlic, served
with sliced lemon

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Teriyaki Chicken. Costs: 300 rupees, Description: Marinated
chicken cooked in traditional Japanese teriyaki sauce and flavoured with wine
(non-alcoholic), butter and sesame oil Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Teriyaki Chicken

300

Marinated chicken cooked in traditional Japanese teriyaki sauce and flavoured
with wine (non-alcoholic), butter and sesame oil

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken In Chilliwine. Costs: 300 rupees, Description: Marinated
chicken tossed in chilli paste and tomato sauce, flavoured with wine (non-
alcoholic) Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken In Chilliwine

300

Marinated chicken tossed in chilli paste and tomato sauce, flavoured with wine
(non-alcoholic)

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chilli Garlic Chicken In Red Bell Pepper (12 Pcs). Costs: 305
rupees, Description: Marinated diced chicken and vegetables cooked in
flavourful oyster sauce and finished with wine (non-alcoholic) Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Garlic Chicken In Red Bell Pepper (12 Pcs)

305

Marinated diced chicken and vegetables cooked in flavourful oyster sauce and
finished with wine (non-alcoholic)

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Honey Chicken (12 Pcs). Costs: 270 rupees, Description:
Marinated chicken with chopped ginger, cucumber, carrot, pineapple, green
capsicum tossed in honey Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Honey Chicken (12 Pcs)

270

Marinated chicken with chopped ginger, cucumber, carrot, pineapple, green
capsicum tossed in honey

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Hong Kong Chicken (12 Pcs). Costs: 300 rupees, Description:
Marinated diced chicken tossed in hoisin sauce, dark soya and flavoured with
wine (non-alcoholic) Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Hong Kong Chicken (12 Pcs)

300

Marinated diced chicken tossed in hoisin sauce, dark soya and flavoured with
wine (non-alcoholic)

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Spicy Orange Chicken (12 Pcs). Costs: 310 rupees, Description:
Marinated chicken sauteed with fresh vegetables tossed in orange juice and
house sauces Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Spicy Orange Chicken (12 Pcs)

310

Marinated chicken sauteed with fresh vegetables tossed in orange juice and
house sauces

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Devil's Chicken. Costs: 300 rupees, Description: Marinated
Sliced chicken tossed in spicy devil's sauce, tomato sauce and chilli sauce
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Devil's Chicken

300

Marinated Sliced chicken tossed in spicy devil's sauce, tomato sauce and
chilli sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. General Tso's Chicken (12 Pcs). Costs: 305 rupees, Description:
Diced chicken tossed in different sweet and spicy sauces, flavoured with wine
(non-alcoholic) Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### General Tso's Chicken (12 Pcs)

305

Diced chicken tossed in different sweet and spicy sauces, flavoured with wine
(non-alcoholic)

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Oyster Chicken With Vegetable. Costs: 305 rupees, Description:
Chicken tossed in oyster sauce, dark soya and house chilli sauce along with
vegetables and mushrooms Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Oyster Chicken With Vegetable

305

Chicken tossed in oyster sauce, dark soya and house chilli sauce along with
vegetables and mushrooms

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Shredded Chicken With Chilli Garlic Sauce. Costs: 310 rupees,
Description: Shredded chicken and chopped garlic tossed in oyster sauce
flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Shredded Chicken With Chilli Garlic Sauce

310

Shredded chicken and chopped garlic tossed in oyster sauce flavoured with wine
(non-alcoholic)

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Sweet And Sour Chicken (12 Pcs). Costs: 310 rupees, Description:
Marinated chicken tossed in tomato, cucumber, carrot, pineapple, capsicum,
onion and butter mixed with sauteed ginger Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Sweet And Sour Chicken (12 Pcs)

310

Marinated chicken tossed in tomato, cucumber, carrot, pineapple, capsicum,
onion and butter mixed with sauteed ginger

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Drunken Chicken. Costs: 320 rupees, Description: Marinated
chicken with bell peppers and button mushroom cooked light soya and vinegar,
flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Drunken Chicken

320

Marinated chicken with bell peppers and button mushroom cooked light soya and
vinegar, flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic)

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chowman Special Chicken. Costs: 320 rupees, Description:
Marinated sliced chicken with assorted vegetables, button mushroom, shiitaki
mushroom, baby corn tossed in chef's special sauces Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Chowman Special Chicken

320

Marinated sliced chicken with assorted vegetables, button mushroom, shiitaki
mushroom, baby corn tossed in chef's special sauces

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Kung Pao Chicken (12 Pcs). Costs: 315 rupees, Description:
Classic Sichuan chicken dish with diced bell pepper, cashew nuts, dry roasted
chillies tossed in hoisin sauce, soy sauce, chilli sauce, flavoured with
sesame oil and wine (non-alcoholic) Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Kung Pao Chicken (12 Pcs)

315

Classic Sichuan chicken dish with diced bell pepper, cashew nuts, dry roasted
chillies tossed in hoisin sauce, soy sauce, chilli sauce, flavoured with
sesame oil and wine (non-alcoholic)

Unavailable

### Fish Main Course

23 items

Non-veg item. Fish In Chilli Plum Sauce (10 Pcs). Costs: 335 rupees,
Description: Marinated fish tossed in a sweet Chinese plum sauce and house
chilli sauce Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Fish In Chilli Plum Sauce (10 Pcs)

335

Marinated fish tossed in a sweet Chinese plum sauce and house chilli sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Fish In Black Bean Sauce (10 Pcs). Costs: 325 rupees,
Description: Marinated fish in black bean sauce, tomato sauce, chilli sauce
and wine Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Fish In Black Bean Sauce (10 Pcs)

325

Marinated fish in black bean sauce, tomato sauce, chilli sauce and wine

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Fish In Chilli Mustard Sauce (10 Pcs). Costs: 335 rupees,
Description: Marinated fish tossed in mustard, oyster sauce and chilli paste
finished with sesame oil Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Fish In Chilli Mustard Sauce (10 Pcs)

335

Marinated fish tossed in mustard, oyster sauce and chilli paste finished with
sesame oil

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Fish In Ginger Coriander Sauce (10 Pcs). Costs: 325 rupees,
Description: Marinated sliced fish tossed in coriander paste flavoured with a
squeeze of lemon Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Fish In Ginger Coriander Sauce (10 Pcs)

325

Marinated sliced fish tossed in coriander paste flavoured with a squeeze of
lemon

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Garlic Fish (10 Pcs). Costs: 315 rupees, Description: Marinated
fish with sauteed garlic tossed in tomato sauce, butter and vinegar Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Garlic Fish (10 Pcs)

315

Marinated fish with sauteed garlic tossed in tomato sauce, butter and vinegar

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Ginger Fish (10 Pcs). Costs: 315 rupees, Description: Marinated
fish, shredded ginger, chopped tomato in oyster sauce and dark soya flavoured
with wine Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Ginger Fish (10 Pcs)

315

Marinated fish, shredded ginger, chopped tomato in oyster sauce and dark soya
flavoured with wine

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Hong Kong Style Fish (10 Pcs). Costs: 335 rupees, Description:
Marinated fish tossed in hoisin sauce and dark soya flavoured with wine and
star anise Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Hong Kong Style Fish (10 Pcs)

335

Marinated fish tossed in hoisin sauce and dark soya flavoured with wine and
star anise

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Hunan Fish (10 Pcs). Costs: 325 rupees, Description: Marinated
sliced fish, cooked with bell peppers and flavoured with wine Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Hunan Fish (10 Pcs)

325

Marinated sliced fish, cooked with bell peppers and flavoured with wine

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Lemon Fish (10 Pcs). Costs: 325 rupees, Description: Marinated
sliced fish tossed in lemon juice and butter, garnished with coriander leaf
and sliced lemon Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Lemon Fish (10 Pcs)

325

Marinated sliced fish tossed in lemon juice and butter, garnished with
coriander leaf and sliced lemon

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Butter Garlic Fish (10 Pcs). Costs: 345 rupees, Description:
Marinated sliced fish with chopped garlic sauteed in butter and flavoured with
wine Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Butter Garlic Fish (10 Pcs)

345

Marinated sliced fish with chopped garlic sauteed in butter and flavoured with
wine

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chilli Basil Fish (10 Pcs). Costs: 325 rupees, Description:
Marinated sliced fish tossed in house chilli sauce, oyster sauce, dark soya,
lemon juice and garnished with basil leaf Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Basil Fish (10 Pcs)

325

Marinated sliced fish tossed in house chilli sauce, oyster sauce, dark soya,
lemon juice and garnished with basil leaf

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chilli Fish (10 Pcs). Costs: 315 rupees, Description: Marinated
sliced fish doused in spicy-tangy dark soya, tomato and chilli sauce flavoured
with chillies, ginger and garlic Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Fish (10 Pcs)

315

Marinated sliced fish doused in spicy-tangy dark soya, tomato and chilli sauce
flavoured with chillies, ginger and garlic

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chilliwine Fish (10 Pcs). Costs: 335 rupees, Description:
Marinated fish with diced bell pepper and red chillies flavoured with house
sauces and wine (non-alcoholic) Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilliwine Fish (10 Pcs)

335

Marinated fish with diced bell pepper and red chillies flavoured with house
sauces and wine (non-alcoholic)

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Fish In Devil's Sauce (10 Pcs). Costs: 335 rupees, Description:
Marinated sliced fish tossed in spicy devil's sauce, ketchup and chilli paste
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Fish In Devil's Sauce (10 Pcs)

335

Marinated sliced fish tossed in spicy devil's sauce, ketchup and chilli paste

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Fish In Oyster Sauce (10 Pcs). Costs: 335 rupees, Description:
Marinated fish tossed in sweet and tangy oyster sauce, msuhrooms; flavoured
with wine Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Fish In Oyster Sauce (10 Pcs)

335

Marinated fish tossed in sweet and tangy oyster sauce, msuhrooms; flavoured
with wine

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Fish In Sweet Chilli Sauce (10 Pcs). Costs: 340 rupees,
Description: Marinated fish tossed in home-made sweet & spicy chilli sauce
with a squeeze of lime Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Fish In Sweet Chilli Sauce (10 Pcs)

340

Marinated fish tossed in home-made sweet & spicy chilli sauce with a squeeze
of lime

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Fish Pak Choi (10 Pcs). Costs: 345 rupees, Description:
Marinated fish with diced vegetables, pakchoi flavoured with celery and garlic
finished with sesame oil and spring onion Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Fish Pak Choi (10 Pcs)

345

Marinated fish with diced vegetables, pakchoi flavoured with celery and garlic
finished with sesame oil and spring onion

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Hot Garlic Fish (10 Pcs). Costs: 325 rupees, Description:
Marinated fish sauteed with garlic tossed in chilli paste and tomato sauce
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Hot Garlic Fish (10 Pcs)

325

Marinated fish sauteed with garlic tossed in chilli paste and tomato sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Lemon Honey Fish (10 Pcs). Costs: 335 rupees, Description:
Marinated sliced fish tossed in lemon juice, butter and honey Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Lemon Honey Fish (10 Pcs)

335

Marinated sliced fish tossed in lemon juice, butter and honey

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Manchurian Fish (10 Pcs). Costs: 315 rupees, Description:
Marinated fish tossed in dark soya, chilli sauce and oyster sauce Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Manchurian Fish (10 Pcs)

315

Marinated fish tossed in dark soya, chilli sauce and oyster sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Mandarin Fish (10 Pcs). Costs: 340 rupees, Description:
Marinated fish fried to crisp tossed with shredded vegetables and flavoured
with sesame oil; topped with shredded chicken Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Mandarin Fish (10 Pcs)

340

Marinated fish fried to crisp tossed with shredded vegetables and flavoured
with sesame oil; topped with shredded chicken

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Schezwan Fish (10 Pcs). Costs: 325 rupees, Description:
Marinated fish tossed in oyster sauce and light soya,flavoured with wine and
schezwan pepper Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Schezwan Fish (10 Pcs)

325

Marinated fish tossed in oyster sauce and light soya,flavoured with wine and
schezwan pepper

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Sweet And Sour Fish (10 Pcs). Costs: 335 rupees, Description:
Marinated fish sauteed with diced bell pepper, tossed in vinegar, tomato sauce
and butter Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Sweet And Sour Fish (10 Pcs)

335

Marinated fish sauteed with diced bell pepper, tossed in vinegar, tomato sauce
and butter

Unavailable

### Prawn Main Course

20 items

Non-veg item. Sweet And Sour Prawn (8 Pcs). Costs: 395 rupees, Description:
Marinated prawn with sauteed ginger tossed in vinegar and butter gives that
perfect blend of sweet and sour to your taste Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Sweet And Sour Prawn (8 Pcs)

395

Marinated prawn with sauteed ginger tossed in vinegar and butter gives that
perfect blend of sweet and sour to your taste

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Wok Tossed Prawn In Chilli Garlic Sauce (8 Pcs). Costs: 395
rupees, Description: Sauteed prawn, wok tossed in dark soya and oyster sauce
flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) and butter Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Wok Tossed Prawn In Chilli Garlic Sauce (8 Pcs)

395

Sauteed prawn, wok tossed in dark soya and oyster sauce flavoured with wine
(non-alcoholic) and butter

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Ginger Prawn (8 Pcs). Costs: 390 rupees, Description: Marinated
prawn and vegetables tossed in butter, oyster sauce and dark soya flavoured
with wine (non-alcoholic) Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Ginger Prawn (8 Pcs)

390

Marinated prawn and vegetables tossed in butter, oyster sauce and dark soya
flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic)

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Hunan Prawn (8 Pcs). Costs: 385 rupees, Description: Marinated
prawn cooked with bell peppers and flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) and
butter Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Hunan Prawn (8 Pcs)

385

Marinated prawn cooked with bell peppers and flavoured with wine (non-
alcoholic) and butter

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Manchurian Prawn (8 Pcs). Costs: 385 rupees, Description:
Marinated delicate prawn tossed in dark soya, chilli sauce and oyster sauce.
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Manchurian Prawn (8 Pcs)

385

Marinated delicate prawn tossed in dark soya, chilli sauce and oyster sauce.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Prawn In Black Bean Sauce (8 Pcs). Costs: 395 rupees,
Description: Marinated prawn tossed in black bean sauce and dark soya,
flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) for that luxury turn Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Prawn In Black Bean Sauce (8 Pcs)

395

Marinated prawn tossed in black bean sauce and dark soya, flavoured with wine
(non-alcoholic) for that luxury turn

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Prawn In Oyster Sauce (8 Pcs). Costs: 400 rupees, Description:
Sauteed prawn tossed in light and dark soya, oyster sauce and flavoured with
wine (non-alcoholic) along with mushrooms Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Prawn In Oyster Sauce (8 Pcs)

400

Sauteed prawn tossed in light and dark soya, oyster sauce and flavoured with
wine (non-alcoholic) along with mushrooms

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Schezwan Prawn (8 Pcs). Costs: 390 rupees, Description: Spicy,
tongue biting marinated prawn tossed in oyster sauce and light soya, flavoured
with wine (non-alcoholic) and schezwan pepper. Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Schezwan Prawn (8 Pcs)

390

Spicy, tongue biting marinated prawn tossed in oyster sauce and light soya,
flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) and schezwan pepper.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Butter Garlic Prawn (8 Pcs). Costs: 405 rupees, Description:
Marinated prawn and sauteed chopped garlic tossed in wine (non-alcoholic) and
butter Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Butter Garlic Prawn (8 Pcs)

405

Marinated prawn and sauteed chopped garlic tossed in wine (non-alcoholic) and
butter

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chilli Basil Prawn (8 Pcs). Costs: 400 rupees, Description:
Marinated prawn sauteed with vegetables, wok tossed in dark soya, tomato and
house chilli sauce, flavoured with basil Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Basil Prawn (8 Pcs)

400

Marinated prawn sauteed with vegetables, wok tossed in dark soya, tomato and
house chilli sauce, flavoured with basil

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chilli Coriander Prawn (8 Pcs). Costs: 400 rupees, Description:
Marinated prawn tossed in chopped chillies and coriander paste, flavoured with
lemon juice Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Coriander Prawn (8 Pcs)

400

Marinated prawn tossed in chopped chillies and coriander paste, flavoured with
lemon juice

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Sauteed Prawn In Chilli (8 Pcs) Plum Sauce. Costs: 400 rupees,
Description: Sauteed Prawn in a sweet Chinese plum sauce and house chilli
sauce Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Sauteed Prawn In Chilli (8 Pcs) Plum Sauce

400

Sauteed Prawn in a sweet Chinese plum sauce and house chilli sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chilli Honey Prawn (8 Pcs). Costs: 395 rupees, Description: The
right food mix of spicy with sweet, we have marinated prawn tossed in house
chilli sauce and flavoured with honey Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Honey Prawn (8 Pcs)

395

The right food mix of spicy with sweet, we have marinated prawn tossed in
house chilli sauce and flavoured with honey

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chilli Prawn (8 Pcs). Costs: 390 rupees, Description: A dish,
dominated by spice, comprising the marinated prawn tossed in soy sauce, tomato
and house chilli sauce Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Prawn (8 Pcs)

390

A dish, dominated by spice, comprising the marinated prawn tossed in soy
sauce, tomato and house chilli sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Garlic Prawn (8 Pcs). Costs: 390 rupees, Description: Marinated
prawns sauteed with garlic, then tossed in tomato sauce and butter for that
perfect blend of strong flavours coming together in one great dish. Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Garlic Prawn (8 Pcs)

390

Marinated prawns sauteed with garlic, then tossed in tomato sauce and butter
for that perfect blend of strong flavours coming together in one great dish.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Kung Pao Prawn (8 Pcs). Costs: 400 rupees, Description: Classic
Sichuan prawn dish with diced bell pepper, cashew nuts, dry roasted chillies
tossed in house sauces, flavoured with sesame oil and wine (non-alcoholic).
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Kung Pao Prawn (8 Pcs)

400

Classic Sichuan prawn dish with diced bell pepper, cashew nuts, dry roasted
chillies tossed in house sauces, flavoured with sesame oil and wine (non-
alcoholic).

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Prawn In Chilli Lemon Sauce (8 Pcs). Costs: 385 rupees,
Description: The perfect blend of spicy with tang, we got the marinated prawn
tossed in chilli paste and butter, served with a squeeze of lemon. Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Prawn In Chilli Lemon Sauce (8 Pcs)

385

The perfect blend of spicy with tang, we got the marinated prawn tossed in
chilli paste and butter, served with a squeeze of lemon.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Prawn In Red Pepper Sauce (8 Pcs). Costs: 400 rupees,
Description: Fried prawn sauteed with bell peppers, garlic, celery and onion,
then tossed in spicy red pepper Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Prawn In Red Pepper Sauce (8 Pcs)

400

Fried prawn sauteed with bell peppers, garlic, celery and onion, then tossed
in spicy red pepper

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Devil's Prawn (8 Pcs). Costs: 415 rupees, Description: Marinated
prawn in spicy devil's sauce Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Devil's Prawn (8 Pcs)

415

Marinated prawn in spicy devil's sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Prawn In Mustard Chilli Sauce (8 Pcs). Costs: 400 rupees,
Description: Sauteed prawn tossed in mustard sauce, oyster sauce and chilli
paste Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Prawn In Mustard Chilli Sauce (8 Pcs)

400

Sauteed prawn tossed in mustard sauce, oyster sauce and chilli paste

Unavailable

### Pork Main Course

10 items

Non-veg item. Roasted Lemon Pork. Costs: 295 rupees, Description: Roasted
sliced tender pork tossed in butter with a sprinkle of lemon for a tangy
streak, finally garnished with lemon slices Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Roasted Lemon Pork

295

Roasted sliced tender pork tossed in butter with a sprinkle of lemon for a
tangy streak, finally garnished with lemon slices

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Roasted Pork In Sauce Of Your Choice. Costs: 305 rupees,
Description: Delicious bite of tender boneless pork roasted and cooked in
chilli paste and light soya, in preferred variants of Schezwan Spicy
sauce/Spicy Hot garlic sauce/ Non-spicy Garlic sauce/ Non-spicy Oyster Choice.
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Roasted Pork In Sauce Of Your Choice

305

Delicious bite of tender boneless pork roasted and cooked in chilli paste and
light soya, in preferred variants of Schezwan Spicy sauce/Spicy Hot garlic
sauce/ Non-spicy Garlic sauce/ Non-spicy Oyster Choice.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Sliced Pork In Sweet Chilli Sauce. Costs: 325 rupees,
Description: Non-spicy with a sweeter streak of marinated sliced pork tossed
in chilli paste, sweet chilli sauce and flavoured with lemon juice Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Sliced Pork In Sweet Chilli Sauce

325

Non-spicy with a sweeter streak of marinated sliced pork tossed in chilli
paste, sweet chilli sauce and flavoured with lemon juice

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Sliced Pork With Cashewnut, Bell Pepper And Spicy Chilli. Costs:
325 rupees, Description: A total bursting of flavours with roasted sliced pork
with cashew nuts tossed in dark soya, tomato sauce, chilli paste and flavoured
with wine (non-alcoholic) Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Sliced Pork With Cashewnut, Bell Pepper And Spicy Chilli

325

A total bursting of flavours with roasted sliced pork with cashew nuts tossed
in dark soya, tomato sauce, chilli paste and flavoured with wine (non-
alcoholic)

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chilli Pork (gravy). Costs: 295 rupees, Description: For the
lovers of spicy streak, chilli pork features roasted pork tossed with diced
onion, soy sauce and chilli sauce. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Pork (gravy)

295

For the lovers of spicy streak, chilli pork features roasted pork tossed with
diced onion, soy sauce and chilli sauce.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Devil's Pork. Costs: 305 rupees, Description: Talk of the devil
and we bring you the spiciest, hottest devil on your plate with our marinated
pork wok tossed in spicy devil's sauce. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Devil's Pork

305

Talk of the devil and we bring you the spiciest, hottest devil on your plate
with our marinated pork wok tossed in spicy devil's sauce.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Sweet And Sour Pork. Costs: 305 rupees, Description: A common
favourite of the pork lovers, we have got marinated pork sauteed with ginger,
tossed in vinegar and butter Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Sweet And Sour Pork

305

A common favourite of the pork lovers, we have got marinated pork sauteed with
ginger, tossed in vinegar and butter

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Honey Chilli Pork. Costs: 310 rupees, Description: The perfect
blend of sweet and spicy, this dish is all about marinated pork tossed in
tomato sauce, spicy chilli sauce, light soya, flavoured with honey and a
squeeze of lime on top Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Honey Chilli Pork

310

The perfect blend of sweet and spicy, this dish is all about marinated pork
tossed in tomato sauce, spicy chilli sauce, light soya, flavoured with honey
and a squeeze of lime on top

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Schezwan Orange Roasted Pork. Costs: 310 rupees, Description: A
speciality dish with a sweeter streak from the house of Chowman, we bring you
marinated pork tossed in tomato sauce and chilli sauce, flavoured with orange
juice and sprinkles of schezwan pepper on top Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Schezwan Orange Roasted Pork

310

A speciality dish with a sweeter streak from the house of Chowman, we bring
you marinated pork tossed in tomato sauce and chilli sauce, flavoured with
orange juice and sprinkles of schezwan pepper on top

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Roasted Pork Belly In Ginger Winesauce. Costs: 315 rupees,
Description: A speciality amongst the main course we have roasted pork belly
cooked in oyster sauce, chilli paste and dark soya, flavoured with wine (non-
alcoholic) and ginger Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Roasted Pork Belly In Ginger Winesauce

315

A speciality amongst the main course we have roasted pork belly cooked in
oyster sauce, chilli paste and dark soya, flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic)
and ginger

Unavailable

### Lamb Main Course

10 items

Non-veg item. Lamb In Chilli Plum Sauce. Costs: 345 rupees, Description:
Marinated lamb tossed in a sweet Chinese plum sauce is the perfect dish to
accompany your rice main course Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Lamb In Chilli Plum Sauce

345

Marinated lamb tossed in a sweet Chinese plum sauce is the perfect dish to
accompany your rice main course

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Lamb In Hunan Sauce. Costs: 345 rupees, Description: Well known
for flavours, fresh aroma, we got this dish dominating the Hunan province,
prepared with lamb, finely cooked in a chef's special Hunan sauce, and
flavoured with garlic and ginger Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Lamb In Hunan Sauce

345

Well known for flavours, fresh aroma, we got this dish dominating the Hunan
province, prepared with lamb, finely cooked in a chef's special Hunan sauce,
and flavoured with garlic and ginger

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Stir Fried Lamb With Diced Chilli And Cashewnuts. Costs: 340
rupees, Description: Sauteed lamb and cashew nuts tossed in dark soya, tomato
and house chilli sauce, flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Stir Fried Lamb With Diced Chilli And Cashewnuts

340

Sauteed lamb and cashew nuts tossed in dark soya, tomato and house chilli
sauce, flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic)

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Sliced Lamb In Honey And Black Pepper. Costs: 365 rupees,
Description: Shredded lamb with sauteed with chopped garlic tossed in tomato
and house chilli sauce. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Sliced Lamb In Honey And Black Pepper

365

Shredded lamb with sauteed with chopped garlic tossed in tomato and house
chilli sauce.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Devil's Lamb. Costs: 345 rupees, Description: The perfect bite
on a tender lamb meat with an after taste of a tongue-biting spice, we got
marinated lamb tossed in devil's super spicy sauce. Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Devil's Lamb

345

The perfect bite on a tender lamb meat with an after taste of a tongue-biting
spice, we got marinated lamb tossed in devil's super spicy sauce.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Hot Garlic Lamb. Costs: 345 rupees, Description: This spicy lamb
dish prepared with sauteed chopped garlic, and tossed in tomato and house
chilli sauce leaves a sharp sting to both your tongue and brain Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Hot Garlic Lamb

345

This spicy lamb dish prepared with sauteed chopped garlic, and tossed in
tomato and house chilli sauce leaves a sharp sting to both your tongue and
brain

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Shredded Lamb In Chilli Garlic Sauce. Costs: 360 rupees,
Description: Tender lamb first shredded, fried and tossed in house chilli
sauce and oyster sauce brings the perfect combo of flavours dominated by the
perfect sauce mix. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Shredded Lamb In Chilli Garlic Sauce

360

Tender lamb first shredded, fried and tossed in house chilli sauce and oyster
sauce brings the perfect combo of flavours dominated by the perfect sauce mix.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Lamb In Oyster Sauce. Costs: 345 rupees, Description: Tender
lamb meat and fat marinated, and then tossed in dark and light soya and oyster
sauce, finally flavoured with the luxury aroma of wine (non-alcoholic) along
with mushrooms Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Lamb In Oyster Sauce

345

Tender lamb meat and fat marinated, and then tossed in dark and light soya and
oyster sauce, finally flavoured with the luxury aroma of wine (non-alcoholic)
along with mushrooms

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Schezwan Orange Roasted Lamb. Costs: 360 rupees, Description: A
speciality sweet dish of Chowman comprising a unique blend of Roasted lamb,
bell peppers and shitake mushroom tossed in tomato sauce and chilli sauce
flavoured with orange juice and schezwan pepper Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Schezwan Orange Roasted Lamb

360

A speciality sweet dish of Chowman comprising a unique blend of Roasted lamb,
bell peppers and shitake mushroom tossed in tomato sauce and chilli sauce
flavoured with orange juice and schezwan pepper

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Stir Fried Lamb Slices With Assorted Veg. Costs: 360 rupees,
Description: Sliced lamb stir fried with assorted seasonal vegetables that
bring a plateful of protein enriched and nutritious contents on the plate.
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Stir Fried Lamb Slices With Assorted Veg

360

Sliced lamb stir fried with assorted seasonal vegetables that bring a plateful
of protein enriched and nutritious contents on the plate.

Unavailable

### Crab Main Course

7 items

Non-veg item. Chilli Crab Claws. Costs: 360 rupees, Description: Marinated
crab claws tossed in soy sauce with garlic, onions and fresh chillies Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Crab Claws

360

Marinated crab claws tossed in soy sauce with garlic, onions and fresh
chillies

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Schezwan Crab Claws. Costs: 370 rupees, Description: Marinated
crab tossed in oyster sauce and light soya, flavoured with wine (non-
alcoholic) and schezwan pepper Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Schezwan Crab Claws

370

Marinated crab tossed in oyster sauce and light soya, flavoured with wine
(non-alcoholic) and schezwan pepper

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Crab Meat In Black Bean Sauce. Costs: 415 rupees, Description:
Marinated crab meat tossed in black bean sauce, dark soya and flavoured with
wine (non-alcoholic) Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Crab Meat In Black Bean Sauce

415

Marinated crab meat tossed in black bean sauce, dark soya and flavoured with
wine (non-alcoholic)

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Mountain Chilli Crab Claws. Costs: 365 rupees, Description:
Marinated crab claws in spicy devil's sauce Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Mountain Chilli Crab Claws

365

Marinated crab claws in spicy devil's sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Pepper Garlic Crab Claws. Costs: 370 rupees, Description:
Marinated crab claws tossed in butter, oyster sauce, dark soya and flavoured
with wine (non-alcoholic), garlic and pepper Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Pepper Garlic Crab Claws

370

Marinated crab claws tossed in butter, oyster sauce, dark soya and flavoured
with wine (non-alcoholic), garlic and pepper

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Crab Meat In Chilli Basil. Costs: 415 rupees, Description: Crab
meat tossed in Chilli paste, ketchup, oyster sauce, dark soya, lemon juice and
basil leaf Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Crab Meat In Chilli Basil

415

Crab meat tossed in Chilli paste, ketchup, oyster sauce, dark soya, lemon
juice and basil leaf

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Steamed Crab Meat In Ginger Winesauce. Costs: 415 rupees,
Description: Steamed crab meat served with thick gravy flavoured with ginger,
celery and wine (non-alcoholic) Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Steamed Crab Meat In Ginger Winesauce

415

Steamed crab meat served with thick gravy flavoured with ginger, celery and
wine (non-alcoholic)

Unavailable

### Squid

2 items

Non-veg item. Chilli Plum Squid. Costs: 415 rupees, Description: Marinated
squid tossed in a sweet Chinese plum sauce and house chilli sauce Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Plum Squid

415

Marinated squid tossed in a sweet Chinese plum sauce and house chilli sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Wok Fried Squid In Chilli Black Bean Sauce. Costs: 400 rupees,
Description: Marinated fried squid tossed in black bean sauce, dark soya and
chilli sauce. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Wok Fried Squid In Chilli Black Bean Sauce

400

Marinated fried squid tossed in black bean sauce, dark soya and chilli sauce.

Unavailable

## Rice

### Veg Rice

11 items

Veg Item. Steamed Rice. Costs: 130 rupees, Description: Good old fashioned
steamed rice with a hint of lemon leaf Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Steamed Rice

130

Good old fashioned steamed rice with a hint of lemon leaf

Unavailable

Veg Item. Lemongrass Fried Rice Veg. Costs: 185 rupees, Description: Rice
tossed with carrots, beans and american corn, flavoured with lemon grass and
leaves Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Lemongrass Fried Rice Veg

185

Rice tossed with carrots, beans and american corn, flavoured with lemon grass
and leaves

Unavailable

Veg Item. Shanghai Fried Rice Veg. Costs: 200 rupees, Description: Rice with
bell peppers, broccolli, baby corn, carrots & button mushrooms tossed in spicy
chilli sauce Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Shanghai Fried Rice Veg

200

Rice with bell peppers, broccolli, baby corn, carrots & button mushrooms
tossed in spicy chilli sauce

Unavailable

Veg Item. Basil Fried Rice Veg. Costs: 185 rupees, Description: Rice with
carrot, beans, american corn flavoured and garnished with basil leaf Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Basil Fried Rice Veg

185

Rice with carrot, beans, american corn flavoured and garnished with basil leaf

Unavailable

Veg Item. Coriander Burnt Garlic Veg Rice. Costs: 175 rupees, Description:
Coriander flavoured rice with carrots, beans and american corn flavoured and
garnished with burnt garlic and coriander leaf Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Coriander Burnt Garlic Veg Rice

175

Coriander flavoured rice with carrots, beans and american corn flavoured and
garnished with burnt garlic and coriander leaf

Unavailable

Veg Item. Chilli Garlic Rice Veg. Costs: 185 rupees, Description: Rice with
carrot, american corn & beans tossed in chilli paste, tomato ketchup flavoured
with chopped garlic Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Garlic Rice Veg

185

Rice with carrot, american corn & beans tossed in chilli paste, tomato ketchup
flavoured with chopped garlic

Unavailable

Veg Item. Moon Fan Fried Rice Veg. Costs: 185 rupees, Description: Rice with
cabbage, carrot, shiitaki mushroom and flavoured with 5 star spice powder and
wine (non-alcoholic) Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Moon Fan Fried Rice Veg

185

Rice with cabbage, carrot, shiitaki mushroom and flavoured with 5 star spice
powder and wine (non-alcoholic)

Unavailable

Veg Item. Schezwan Fried Rice Veg. Costs: 185 rupees, Description: Rice with
carrot, beans, american corn & dry chilli tossed in spicy schezwan pepper,
chilli sauce and tomato sauce Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Schezwan Fried Rice Veg

185

Rice with carrot, beans, american corn & dry chilli tossed in spicy schezwan
pepper, chilli sauce and tomato sauce

Unavailable

Veg Item. Ginger Capsicum Flavoured Rice. Costs: 195 rupees, Description: Rice
sauteed with shredded bell pepper, ginger and mushroom Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Ginger Capsicum Flavoured Rice

195

Rice sauteed with shredded bell pepper, ginger and mushroom

Unavailable

Veg Item. Thai Styled Fried Rice Veg. Costs: 200 rupees, Description:
Traditional Thai styled fried rice with baby corn, broccolli, button mushroom,
basil leaf & lemon leaf tossed in soy sauce, oystter sauce and chilli paste
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Thai Styled Fried Rice Veg

200

Traditional Thai styled fried rice with baby corn, broccolli, button mushroom,
basil leaf & lemon leaf tossed in soy sauce, oystter sauce and chilli paste

Unavailable

Veg Item. Rice With Asian Greens. Costs: 210 rupees, Description: Rice sauteed
with fresh broccoli, pak choi, carrot, beans, american corn and button
mushroom Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Rice With Asian Greens

210

Rice sauteed with fresh broccoli, pak choi, carrot, beans, american corn and
button mushroom

Unavailable

### Non-veg Rice

15 items

Non-veg item. Coriander Burnt Garlic Egg Rice. Costs: 185 rupees, Description:
Coriander flavoured rice with egg flavoured and garnished with burnt garlic
and coriander leaf Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Coriander Burnt Garlic Egg Rice

185

Coriander flavoured rice with egg flavoured and garnished with burnt garlic
and coriander leaf

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Egg White Fried Rice. Costs: 210 rupees, Description: Fried rice
tossed in salt, pepper and egg white garnished with spring onion Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Egg White Fried Rice

210

Fried rice tossed in salt, pepper and egg white garnished with spring onion

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Basil Fried Rice. Costs: 210 rupees, Description: Rice sauteed
with chicken/shrimp and egg, flavoured and garnished with basil leaf Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Basil Fried Rice

210

Rice sauteed with chicken/shrimp and egg, flavoured and garnished with basil
leaf

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Moon Fan Fried Rice. Costs: 215 rupees, Description: Rice with
cabbage, carrot, shiitaki mushroom, egg, chicken/shrimp and flavoured with 5
star spice powder, star anise and wine (non-alcoholic) Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Moon Fan Fried Rice

215

Rice with cabbage, carrot, shiitaki mushroom, egg, chicken/shrimp and
flavoured with 5 star spice powder, star anise and wine (non-alcoholic)

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chilli Garlic Rice. Costs: 210 rupees, Description: Rice with
egg and chicken/shrimp tossed in chilli paste, tomato ketchup flavoured with
chopped garlic Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Garlic Rice

210

Rice with egg and chicken/shrimp tossed in chilli paste, tomato ketchup
flavoured with chopped garlic

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Fried Rice Non-veg. Costs: 215 rupees, Description: A filling
main course rice meal comprising the basic fried ingredients like egg,
chicken/shrimps garnished with spring onions Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Fried Rice Non-veg

215

A filling main course rice meal comprising the basic fried ingredients like
egg, chicken/shrimps garnished with spring onions

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Lemongrass Fried Rice. Costs: 215 rupees, Description: Rice with
chicken/shrimp or both, flavoured with fragrant lemongrass Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Lemongrass Fried Rice

215

Rice with chicken/shrimp or both, flavoured with fragrant lemongrass

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Schezwan Fried Rice. Costs: 210 rupees, Description: Rice with
egg, chicken /shrimps tossed in spicy schezwan pepper, chilli sauce and tomato
sauce Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Schezwan Fried Rice

210

Rice with egg, chicken /shrimps tossed in spicy schezwan pepper, chilli sauce
and tomato sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Shanghai Fried Rice. Costs: 225 rupees, Description: Rice with
bell peppers, broccolli, baby corn, carrots & button mushrooms tossed in spicy
chilli sauce; mixed with chicken/shirmp and egg Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Shanghai Fried Rice

225

Rice with bell peppers, broccolli, baby corn, carrots & button mushrooms
tossed in spicy chilli sauce; mixed with chicken/shirmp and egg

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Thai Styled Fried Rice. Costs: 225 rupees, Description:
Traditional Thai styled fried rice with baby corn, broccolli, button mushroom,
basil leaf & lemon leaf tossed in fish sauce, oyster sauce and chilli paste
along with chicken/shrimp Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Thai Styled Fried Rice

225

Traditional Thai styled fried rice with baby corn, broccolli, button mushroom,
basil leaf & lemon leaf tossed in fish sauce, oyster sauce and chilli paste
along with chicken/shrimp

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Roasted Pork Rice. Costs: 225 rupees, Description: Stir fried
Pork mixed with rice egg served with a sprinkle of spring onion Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Roasted Pork Rice

225

Stir fried Pork mixed with rice egg served with a sprinkle of spring onion

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Roasted Lamb Rice. Costs: 230 rupees, Description: Stir fried
lamb mixed with rice and egg served with a sprinkle of spring onion Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Roasted Lamb Rice

230

Stir fried lamb mixed with rice and egg served with a sprinkle of spring onion

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Seafood Fried Rice. Costs: 265 rupees, Description: A luxury
bowl of garlic tossed rice, fried with eggs, shrimps, squids and crabmeat and
garnished by coriander leaves Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Seafood Fried Rice

265

A luxury bowl of garlic tossed rice, fried with eggs, shrimps, squids and
crabmeat and garnished by coriander leaves

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chowman's Special Rice. Costs: 280 rupees, Description:
Specially curated fried rice in spicy chilli sauce mixed bell peppers, baby
corn, broccolli, button mushroom, carrot with boneless chickens, shrimps and
wrapped in egg Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chowman's Special Rice

280

Specially curated fried rice in spicy chilli sauce mixed bell peppers, baby
corn, broccolli, button mushroom, carrot with boneless chickens, shrimps and
wrapped in egg

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Crab Meat Rice. Costs: 265 rupees, Description: Rice tossed with
minced crab meat and egg; flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic), garnished with
coriander leaf Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Crab Meat Rice

265

Rice tossed with minced crab meat and egg; flavoured with wine (non-
alcoholic), garnished with coriander leaf

Unavailable

## Noodles

### Veg Noodles

9 items

Veg Item. Schezwan Hakka Noodles Veg. Costs: 180 rupees, Description: Noodles
with carrot, cabbage, mustard plant, capsicum & dry red chilli tossed in spicy
schezwan pepper and spicy house chilli sauce Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Schezwan Hakka Noodles Veg

180

Noodles with carrot, cabbage, mustard plant, capsicum & dry red chilli tossed
in spicy schezwan pepper and spicy house chilli sauce

Unavailable

Veg Item. Cantonese Noodles Veg. Costs: 185 rupees, Description: A light,
nutrient enriched, boiled noodles in thick white gravy with cabbage, carrot,
beans, capsicums, cauliflower, cabbage & mustard plant Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Cantonese Noodles Veg

185

A light, nutrient enriched, boiled noodles in thick white gravy with cabbage,
carrot, beans, capsicums, cauliflower, cabbage & mustard plant

Unavailable

Veg Item. Braised Noodles With Bell Pepper,black Mushroom And Spring Onion.
Costs: 290 rupees, Description: Flat noodles stir-fried with shredded bell
peppers and shiitake mushroom tossed in sesame oil Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Braised Noodles With Bell Pepper,black Mushroom And Spring Onion

290

Flat noodles stir-fried with shredded bell peppers and shiitake mushroom
tossed in sesame oil

Unavailable

Veg Item. Wok Tossed Hakka Noodles Veg. Costs: 180 rupees, Description: Wok
tossed noodles with vegetables such as cabbage, carrot, capsicum and mustard
plant in light and black soya Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Wok Tossed Hakka Noodles Veg

180

Wok tossed noodles with vegetables such as cabbage, carrot, capsicum and
mustard plant in light and black soya

Unavailable

Veg Item. Chilli Garlic Noodles Veg. Costs: 180 rupees, Description: Noodles
with carrot, cabbage, mustard plant & bell peppers tossed in chilli paste,
tomato ketchup flavoured with chopped garlic Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Garlic Noodles Veg

180

Noodles with carrot, cabbage, mustard plant & bell peppers tossed in chilli
paste, tomato ketchup flavoured with chopped garlic

Unavailable

Veg Item. Singapore Noodles Veg. Costs: 180 rupees, Description: Noodles
tossed in traditional Singapore oil with cabbage, carrot, green capsicum,
mustard plant and tomato Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Singapore Noodles Veg

180

Noodles tossed in traditional Singapore oil with cabbage, carrot, green
capsicum, mustard plant and tomato

Unavailable

Veg Item. Shanghai Noodles Veg. Costs: 180 rupees, Description: A Shanghai
styled noodles prep, also known as the Udon where the noodle is stir fried in
Chilli paste alongside bell peppers, broccolli, baby corn, carrots & button
mushrooms. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Shanghai Noodles Veg

180

A Shanghai styled noodles prep, also known as the Udon where the noodle is
stir fried in Chilli paste alongside bell peppers, broccolli, baby corn,
carrots & button mushrooms.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Thai Styled Noodles Veg. Costs: 190 rupees, Description: Traditional
Thai styled noodles with baby corn, broccolli, button mushroom, basil leaf &
lemon leaf tossed in soy sauce, oystter sauce and chilli paste Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Thai Styled Noodles Veg

190

Traditional Thai styled noodles with baby corn, broccolli, button mushroom,
basil leaf & lemon leaf tossed in soy sauce, oystter sauce and chilli paste

Unavailable

Veg Item. Pan Fried Noodles Veg. Costs: 200 rupees, Description: Noodles, pan
fried and served with thick gravy of diced vegetables, tossed in oystter
sauce, dark soya and flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) with a strong aroma
of shiitake mushroom and bamboo shoots Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Pan Fried Noodles Veg

200

Noodles, pan fried and served with thick gravy of diced vegetables, tossed in
oystter sauce, dark soya and flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) with a strong
aroma of shiitake mushroom and bamboo shoots

Unavailable

### Non-veg Noodles

10 items

Non-veg item. Pan Fried Noodles. Costs: 220 rupees, Description: Noodles, pan
fried aand served with thick gravy of diced vegetbles including chinese
cabbage, pak choi, carrot, beans, broccoli, cauliflower, tossed in oyster
sauce, dark soya and flavoured with wine with a strong aroma of shiitake
mushroom, bamboo shoots; along with chicken/shrimp Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Pan Fried Noodles

220

Noodles, pan fried aand served with thick gravy of diced vegetbles including
chinese cabbage, pak choi, carrot, beans, broccoli, cauliflower, tossed in
oyster sauce, dark soya and flavoured with wine with a strong aroma of
shiitake mushroom, bamboo shoots; along with chicken/shrimp

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Cantonese Noodles. Costs: 210 rupees, Description: A light,
nutrient enriched, boiled noodles in thick white gravy with cabbage, carrot,
beans, bell peppers, cauliflower & mustard plant along with chicken/shrimp
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Cantonese Noodles

210

A light, nutrient enriched, boiled noodles in thick white gravy with cabbage,
carrot, beans, bell peppers, cauliflower & mustard plant along with
chicken/shrimp

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chilli Garlic Noodles. Costs: 200 rupees, Description: Noodles
with egg, chicken or shrimp tossed in chilli paste, tomato ketchup flavoured
with chopped garlic Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Garlic Noodles

200

Noodles with egg, chicken or shrimp tossed in chilli paste, tomato ketchup
flavoured with chopped garlic

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Schezwan Hakka Noodles. Costs: 205 rupees, Description: Noodles
with carrot, cabbage, mustard plant, bell peppers & dry red chilli alongside
egg, chicken / shrimp tossed in spicy schezwan pepper and spicy house chilli
sauce Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Schezwan Hakka Noodles

205

Noodles with carrot, cabbage, mustard plant, bell peppers & dry red chilli
alongside egg, chicken / shrimp tossed in spicy schezwan pepper and spicy
house chilli sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Shanghai Noodles. Costs: 210 rupees, Description: A Shanghai
styled noodles prep, also known as the Udon where the noodle is stir fried in
Chilli paste alongside bell peppers, broccolli, baby corn, carrots & button
mushroom; mixed with chickens/shrimps and egg. Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Shanghai Noodles

210

A Shanghai styled noodles prep, also known as the Udon where the noodle is
stir fried in Chilli paste alongside bell peppers, broccolli, baby corn,
carrots & button mushroom; mixed with chickens/shrimps and egg.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Singapore Noodles. Costs: 205 rupees, Description: Noodles with
egg and chicken/shrimp in chopped ginger, cabbage, green capsicum and mustard
plant tossed in traditional Singapore oil, tomato and red chilli Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Singapore Noodles

205

Noodles with egg and chicken/shrimp in chopped ginger, cabbage, green capsicum
and mustard plant tossed in traditional Singapore oil, tomato and red chilli

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Thai Styled Noodles. Costs: 210 rupees, Description: Traditional
Thai styled noodles with baby corn, broccolli, button mushroom, basil leaf &
lemon leaf tossed in soy sauce, oyster sauce and chilli paste along with
chicken/prawn Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Thai Styled Noodles

210

Traditional Thai styled noodles with baby corn, broccolli, button mushroom,
basil leaf & lemon leaf tossed in soy sauce, oyster sauce and chilli paste
along with chicken/prawn

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Wok Tossed Hakka Noodles. Costs: 195 rupees, Description: Wok
tossed noodles with egg, shrimp/chicken and cabbage, carrot, capsicum in light
and black soya Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Wok Tossed Hakka Noodles

195

Wok tossed noodles with egg, shrimp/chicken and cabbage, carrot, capsicum in
light and black soya

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chowman Special Noodles. Costs: 265 rupees, Description:
Specially curated stir fried noodles in spicy chilli sauce mixed bell peppers,
baby corn, broccolli, button mushroom, carrot with boneless chickens, prawn
and wrapped in egg Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chowman Special Noodles

265

Specially curated stir fried noodles in spicy chilli sauce mixed bell peppers,
baby corn, broccolli, button mushroom, carrot with boneless chickens, prawn
and wrapped in egg

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Stir Fried Seafood Noodles. Costs: 260 rupees, Description: Stir
fried noodles tossed with corainder leaf and egg with exotic seafoods like
squid and prawn along with egg Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Stir Fried Seafood Noodles

260

Stir fried noodles tossed with corainder leaf and egg with exotic seafoods
like squid and prawn along with egg

Unavailable

### Chop Suey

5 items

Veg Item. American Chop Suey Veg. Costs: 215 rupees, Description: Noodles
fried to crisp and served with thick gravy of vegetables including cabbage,
carrot, capsicum, tomato and mustard plant tossed in sweet flavourful tomato
based sauces Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### American Chop Suey Veg

215

Noodles fried to crisp and served with thick gravy of vegetables including
cabbage, carrot, capsicum, tomato and mustard plant tossed in sweet flavourful
tomato based sauces

Unavailable

Veg Item. Chinese Chop Suey Veg. Costs: 225 rupees, Description: A nutrients
enriched dish comprising noodles fried to crisp and served with vegetables
such as cabbage, carrot, capsicum, broccoli, beans, pak choi and cauliflower
cooked in non spicy white gravy Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chinese Chop Suey Veg

225

A nutrients enriched dish comprising noodles fried to crisp and served with
vegetables such as cabbage, carrot, capsicum, broccoli, beans, pak choi and
cauliflower cooked in non spicy white gravy

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Seafood Chop Suey Chinese. Costs: 290 rupees, Description: A
plethora of luxury seafood ingredients comprising Prawn, squid with the basic
base of Chinese Chopsuey in super-filling portions Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Seafood Chop Suey Chinese

290

A plethora of luxury seafood ingredients comprising Prawn, squid with the
basic base of Chinese Chopsuey in super-filling portions

Unavailable

Non-veg item. American Chop Suey Non Veg. Costs: 245 rupees, Description:
Noodles fried to crisp and served with thick gravy of vegetables including
cabbage, carrot, capsicum, tomato and mustard plant tossed in sweet flavourful
tomato based sauces along with chicken and prawn topped with egg poach Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### American Chop Suey Non Veg

245

Noodles fried to crisp and served with thick gravy of vegetables including
cabbage, carrot, capsicum, tomato and mustard plant tossed in sweet flavourful
tomato based sauces along with chicken and prawn topped with egg poach

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chinese Chop Suey Non Veg. Costs: 255 rupees, Description:
Noodles fried to crisp and served with vegetables such as cabbage, carrot,
capsicum, broccoli, beans, pak choi and cauliflower along with chicken and
prawn cooked in non spicy white gravy Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chinese Chop Suey Non Veg

255

Noodles fried to crisp and served with vegetables such as cabbage, carrot,
capsicum, broccoli, beans, pak choi and cauliflower along with chicken and
prawn cooked in non spicy white gravy

Unavailable

## Meifoon

### Veg Meifoon

5 items

Veg Item. Schezwan Style Meifoon Veg. Costs: 215 rupees, Description: Rice
Noodles with carrot, cabbage, mustard plant, bell peppers & dry red chilli
tossed in spicy schezwan pepper and spicy house chilli sauce Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Schezwan Style Meifoon Veg

215

Rice Noodles with carrot, cabbage, mustard plant, bell peppers & dry red
chilli tossed in spicy schezwan pepper and spicy house chilli sauce

Unavailable

Veg Item. Singapore Style Meifoon Veg. Costs: 215 rupees, Description: Coming
in its gorgeous colour and texture, we have Singapore styled Meifoon
comprising rice noodles with vegetables like carrot, cabbage, capsicum tossed
in chopped ginger and chilli, sauteed in Singapore oil Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Singapore Style Meifoon Veg

215

Coming in its gorgeous colour and texture, we have Singapore styled Meifoon
comprising rice noodles with vegetables like carrot, cabbage, capsicum tossed
in chopped ginger and chilli, sauteed in Singapore oil

Unavailable

Veg Item. Shanghai Style Meifoon Veg. Costs: 220 rupees, Description: Rice
Noodles with bell peppers, broccolli, baby corn, carrots & button mushrooms
tossed in spicy chilli sauce Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Shanghai Style Meifoon Veg

220

Rice Noodles with bell peppers, broccolli, baby corn, carrots & button
mushrooms tossed in spicy chilli sauce

Unavailable

Veg Item. Thai Styled Meifoon Veg. Costs: 225 rupees, Description: Traditional
Thai styled rice noodles with baby corn, broccolli, button mushroom, basil
leaf & lemon leaf tossed in soy sauce, oystter sauce and chilli paste Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Thai Styled Meifoon Veg

225

Traditional Thai styled rice noodles with baby corn, broccolli, button
mushroom, basil leaf & lemon leaf tossed in soy sauce, oystter sauce and
chilli paste

Unavailable

Veg Item. Meifoon Veg. Costs: 210 rupees, Description: A super-filling thin
strands of rice noodles tossed with carrot,onions, capsicum; garnished with
spring onions Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Meifoon Veg

210

A super-filling thin strands of rice noodles tossed with carrot,onions,
capsicum; garnished with spring onions

Unavailable

### Non-veg Meifoon

6 items

Non-veg item. Shanghai Style Meifoon. Costs: 240 rupees, Description: Rice
Noodles with bell peppers, broccolli, baby corn, carrots & button mushrooms
tossed in spicy chilli sauce; mixed with chicken/shirmp/egg Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Shanghai Style Meifoon

240

Rice Noodles with bell peppers, broccolli, baby corn, carrots & button
mushrooms tossed in spicy chilli sauce; mixed with chicken/shirmp/egg

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Thai Styled Meifoon. Costs: 245 rupees, Description: Traditional
Thai styled rice noodles with baby corn, broccolli, button mushroom, basil
leaf & lemon leaf tossed in soy sauce, oyster sauce and chilli paste along
with chicken/prawn Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Thai Styled Meifoon

245

Traditional Thai styled rice noodles with baby corn, broccolli, button
mushroom, basil leaf & lemon leaf tossed in soy sauce, oyster sauce and chilli
paste along with chicken/prawn

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Seafood Meifoon. Costs: 295 rupees, Description: Rice noodles
with exotic seafood like prawn, squid tossed with garlic and egg flavoured
with wine (non-alcoholic) and garnished with coriander leaf Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Seafood Meifoon

295

Rice noodles with exotic seafood like prawn, squid tossed with garlic and egg
flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) and garnished with coriander leaf

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Meifoon. Costs: 230 rupees, Description: A super-filling thin
strands of rice noodles tossed with carrot,onions, capsicum; garnished with
spring onions; along with egg, chicken/shrimp or both Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Meifoon

230

A super-filling thin strands of rice noodles tossed with carrot,onions,
capsicum; garnished with spring onions; along with egg, chicken/shrimp or both

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Schezwan Style Meifoon. Costs: 235 rupees, Description: Rice
Noodles with carrot, cabbage, mustard plant, bell peppers & dry red chilli
alongside egg, chicken / shrimp tossed in spicy schezwan pepper and spicy
house chilli sauce Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Schezwan Style Meifoon

235

Rice Noodles with carrot, cabbage, mustard plant, bell peppers & dry red
chilli alongside egg, chicken / shrimp tossed in spicy schezwan pepper and
spicy house chilli sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Singapore Style Meifoon. Costs: 235 rupees, Description: Rice
Noodles with cabbage, carrot, green capsicum, mustard plant, tomato, egg,
chicken / shrimp tossed in chopped ginger and chilli, sauteed in Singapore oil
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Singapore Style Meifoon

235

Rice Noodles with cabbage, carrot, green capsicum, mustard plant, tomato, egg,
chicken / shrimp tossed in chopped ginger and chilli, sauteed in Singapore oil

Unavailable

## Thai

10 items

Veg Item. Vegetables In Green Curry. Costs: 265 rupees, Description:
Vegetables sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in chilli- coriander
paste and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Vegetables In Green Curry

265

Unavailable

Vegetables sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in chilli- coriander
paste and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon

Veg Item. Vegetables In Red Curry. Costs: 265 rupees, Description: Vegetables
sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in red chilli paste and coconut
milk finished with a squeeze of lemon Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Vegetables In Red Curry

265

Unavailable

Vegetables sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in red chilli paste
and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon

Non-veg item. Fish In Green Curry. Costs: 360 rupees, Description: Sliced fish
and baby corn sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in chilli-
coriander paste and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Fish In Green Curry

360

Sliced fish and baby corn sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in
chilli- coriander paste and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Fish In Red Curry. Costs: 360 rupees, Description: Sliced fish
and baby corn sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in red chilli
paste and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Fish In Red Curry

360

Sliced fish and baby corn sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in red
chilli paste and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken In Green Curry. Costs: 320 rupees, Description: Sliced
chicken and baby corn sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in chilli-
coriander paste and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken In Green Curry

320

Sliced chicken and baby corn sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in
chilli- coriander paste and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken In Red Curry. Costs: 320 rupees, Description: Sliced
chicken and baby corn sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in red
chilli paste and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken In Red Curry

320

Sliced chicken and baby corn sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in
red chilli paste and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Prawn In Green Curry. Costs: 400 rupees, Description: Prawn and
baby corn sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in chilli- coriander
paste and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Prawn In Green Curry

400

Prawn and baby corn sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in chilli-
coriander paste and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Prawn In Red Curry. Costs: 400 rupees, Description: Prawn and
baby corn sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in red chilli paste
and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Prawn In Red Curry

400

Prawn and baby corn sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in red
chilli paste and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Pork In Green Curry. Costs: 335 rupees, Description: Sliced pork
and baby corn sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in chilli-
coriander paste and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon. Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Pork In Green Curry

335

Sliced pork and baby corn sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in
chilli- coriander paste and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Pork In Red Curry. Costs: 335 rupees, Description: Sliced pork
and baby corn sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in red chilli
paste and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon. Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Pork In Red Curry

335

Sliced pork and baby corn sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in red
chilli paste and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon.

Unavailable

## Dessert & Beverages

### Dessert

1 item

Veg Item. Darshan. Costs: 120 rupees, Description: A hearty desert made with
the fried Wonton noodles, dripping honey and sprinkles of sesame seeds Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Darshan

120

A hearty desert made with the fried Wonton noodles, dripping honey and
sprinkles of sesame seeds

Unavailable

### Beverages

5 items

Veg Item. Ginger Ale. Costs: 60 rupees, Description: Ingredients: Carbonated
Water, High Fructos Corn Syrup, Citric Acid, Sodium Benzoate, Caramel Color,
Natural Flavours Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Ginger Ale

60

Unavailable

Ingredients: Carbonated Water, High Fructos Corn Syrup, Citric Acid, Sodium
Benzoate, Caramel Color, Natural Flavours

Veg Item. Diet Coke (300 Ml). Costs: 60 rupees, Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Diet Coke (300 Ml)

60

Unavailable

Veg Item. Coca Cola. Costs: 55 rupees, Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Coca Cola

55

Unavailable

Veg Item. Sprite. Costs: 55 rupees, Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Sprite

55

Unavailable

Veg Item. Thums Up. Costs: 55 rupees, Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Thums Up

55

Unavailable

## Flavourful Sauces

8 items

Veg Item. Bean And Nut Sauce (50 Ml). Costs: 30 rupees, Description: Sauce
made with fermented black bean & crushed peanuts, non - spicy & salty in
taste, goes best with Spicy Noodles, Rice and any steamed dishes Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Bean And Nut Sauce (50 Ml)

30

Unavailable

Sauce made with fermented black bean & crushed peanuts, non - spicy & salty in
taste, goes best with Spicy Noodles, Rice and any steamed dishes

Veg Item. Chilli Mustard Sauce (50 Ml). Costs: 30 rupees, Description: Made
with Crushed mustard seeds, lemon juice, and other flavorings and spices, to
create bright yellow sauce giving it a spicy, tangy & pungent taste. Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Mustard Sauce (50 Ml)

30

Unavailable

Made with Crushed mustard seeds, lemon juice, and other flavorings and spices,
to create bright yellow sauce giving it a spicy, tangy & pungent taste.

Veg Item. Chilli Tamarind Sauce (50 Ml). Costs: 30 rupees, Description: This
sauce is made with tamarind and chillies, giving you the right hit of sourness
and spice at the same time. You can have it with almost anything! Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Tamarind Sauce (50 Ml)

30

Unavailable

This sauce is made with tamarind and chillies, giving you the right hit of
sourness and spice at the same time. You can have it with almost anything!

Veg Item. Hot Pepper Sauce (50 Ml). Costs: 30 rupees, Description: Made with
crushed pepper and spring onion, this is hot and salty in taste. Accompanies
the best with gravy noodles, stir fried noodles, dim-sums, momos etc Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Hot Pepper Sauce (50 Ml)

30

Unavailable

Made with crushed pepper and spring onion, this is hot and salty in taste.
Accompanies the best with gravy noodles, stir fried noodles, dim-sums, momos
etc

Veg Item. Peanut Sauce (50 Ml). Costs: 30 rupees, Description: Sauce made with
ground roasted peanuts, coconut milk & lemon, Sweet & Nutty in taste and
accompanies best with satay, any fried starters. It will surely take you to a
Thai Journey! Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Peanut Sauce (50 Ml)

30

Unavailable

Sauce made with ground roasted peanuts, coconut milk & lemon, Sweet & Nutty in
taste and accompanies best with satay, any fried starters. It will surely take
you to a Thai Journey!

Veg Item. Sriracha Mayo Sauce (50 Ml). Costs: 30 rupees, Description: Who
doesn’t love mayonnaise! We have given it a spicy twist by adding sriracha
seasoning to it. Goes best with deep fried starters! Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Sriracha Mayo Sauce (50 Ml)

30

Unavailable

Who doesn’t love mayonnaise! We have given it a spicy twist by adding sriracha
seasoning to it. Goes best with deep fried starters!

Veg Item. Sweet Chilli Sauce (50 Ml). Costs: 30 rupees, Description: As the
name goes, sweet & spicy in taste, made with honey and chilli flakes, goes
best with any fried items. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Sweet Chilli Sauce (50 Ml)

30

Unavailable

As the name goes, sweet & spicy in taste, made with honey and chilli flakes,
goes best with any fried items.

Veg Item. Thai Chilli Sauce (50 Ml). Costs: 30 rupees, Description: This sauce
is a flavour bomb, made with chilies, lemon grass, peanut, lemon leaves,
garlic giving it a spicy & tangy flavor. Mix it with anything and enjoy! Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Thai Chilli Sauce (50 Ml)

30

Unavailable

This sauce is a flavour bomb, made with chilies, lemon grass, peanut, lemon
leaves, garlic giving it a spicy & tangy flavor. Mix it with anything and
enjoy!

Address

334 A G T ROAD MAHESH SRIRAMPORE UTTARPARA HOOGHLY WEST BENGAL 712202

Cuisines

Chinese,Asian

  * License No. 12821007000257

Company

  * About us
  * Team
  * Careers
  * Swiggy Blog
  * Bug Bounty
  * Swiggy One
  * Swiggy Corporate
  * Swiggy Instamart

Contact

  * Help & Support
  * Partner with us
  * Ride with us

Legal

  * Terms & Conditions
  * Refund & Cancellation
  * Privacy Policy
  * Cookie Policy
  * Offer Terms
  * Phishing & Fraud
  * Corporate – Swiggy Money Codes Terms and Conditions
  * Corporate - Swiggy Discount Voucher Terms and Conditions

#### WE DELIVER TO

  * abohar
  * adilabad
  * adityapur
  * adoni
  * agartala
  * agra
  * ahmedabad
  * ahmednagar
  * aizawl
  * ajmer
  * akola
  * alappuzha
  * aligarh
  * alipurduar
  * allahabad
  * almora
  * alwar
  * amalapuram
  * ambala
  * ambikapur
  * ambur
  * amravati
  * amreli
  * amritsar
  * anand
  * anantapur
  * angul
  * ankleshwar
  * arakkonam
  * arambagh
  * arrah
  * aruppukottai
  * asansol
  * aurangabad
  * aurangabad_bihar
  * azamgarh
  * baddi
  * bagalkot
  * bagdogra
  * bagula
  * bahadurgarh
  * bahraich
  * balaghat
  * balangir
  * balasore
  * ballari
  * balrampur
  * balurghat
  * banda
  * bangalore
  * bankabihar
  * bankura
  * bantwal
  * bapatlachirala
  * baramati
  * baran
  * baraut
  * bardhaman
  * bardoli
  * bareilly
  * barh
  * baripada
  * barmer
  * barnala
  * barshi
  * barwani
  * basirhat
  * basti
  * batala
  * bathinda
  * beawar
  * beed
  * begusarai
  * bela-pratapgarh
  * belgaum
  * berhampore
  * berhampur
  * bettiah
  * betul
  * bhadohi
  * bhadrachalam
  * bhadrak
  * bhadravati
  * bhagalpur
  * bhandara
  * bharabanki
  * bharatpur
  * bharuch
  * bhatkal
  * bhavnagar
  * bhawanipatna
  * bhilai
  * bhilwara
  * bhimavaram
  * bhind
  * bhiwadi
  * bhiwani
  * bhopal
  * bhubaneswar
  * bhuj
  * bhusawal
  * bidar
  * biharsharif
  * bijapur
  * bijnor
  * bikaner
  * bilaspur
  * bilaspur-hp
  * bilimora
  * biswanath-chariali
  * bodhan-rural
  * bodinayakanur
  * boisar
  * bokaro
  * bolpur
  * bongaigaon
  * bongaon
  * budaun
  * budhwal
  * bulandshahr
  * buldana
  * bundi
  * burhanpur
  * buxar
  * central-goa
  * chaibasa
  * chakdaha
  * chalakkudy
  * chalisgaon
  * chandausi
  * chandigarh
  * chandrapur
  * changanassery
  * charkhi-dadri_perm_closed_8june22
  * chengannur
  * chennai
  * cherthala
  * chhapra
  * chhatarpur
  * chhindwara
  * chidambaram
  * chikhli
  * chikkaballapur
  * chikmagalur
  * chiplun
  * chitradurga
  * chittoor
  * chittorgarh
  * chopda
  * churu
  * coimbatore
  * cooch-behar
  * cuddalore
  * cuttack
  * dahanu
  * dahod
  * daltonganj
  * daman

  * darbhanga
  * darjeeling
  * daund
  * dausa
  * davanagere
  * dehradun
  * dehri
  * delhi
  * deoghar
  * dewas
  * dhanbad
  * dhar
  * dharamshala
  * dharapuram
  * dharmapuri
  * dharwad
  * dhoraji
  * dhule
  * dibrugarh
  * digboi
  * dimapur
  * dindigul
  * diu
  * doddaballapura
  * duliajan
  * dumka
  * dungarpur
  * durgapur
  * eluru
  * erode
  * etah
  * etawah
  * faizabad
  * faridabad
  * faridkot
  * farrukhabad
  * fatehabad
  * fatehgarh-sahib
  * fatehpur
  * fazilka
  * firozabad
  * firozpur
  * freelancer
  * gadag-betigeri
  * gadwal
  * gandhidham
  * gangapur-city
  * gangarampur
  * gangtok
  * gauriganj
  * gaya
  * giridih
  * godhra
  * gokak
  * golaghat
  * gonda
  * gondal
  * gondia
  * gopalganj
  * gorakhpur
  * gudivada
  * guna
  * guntakal
  * guntur
  * gurdaspur
  * gurgaon
  * guwahati
  * gwalior
  * habra
  * hajipur
  * haldia
  * haldwani
  * halol
  * hampi
  * hansi
  * hanumangarh
  * hapur
  * hardoi
  * haridwar
  * hassan
  * hathras
  * himmatnagar
  * hindaun
  * hinganghat
  * hisar
  * hoshangabad
  * hoshiarpur
  * hospet
  * hosur
  * hubli
  * hyderabad
  * ichalkaranji
  * idukki
  * indore
  * irinjalakuda
  * itanagar
  * itarsi
  * jabalpur
  * jagdalpur
  * jagraon
  * jagtial
  * jahanabad
  * jaigaon
  * jaipur
  * jalandhar
  * jalaun
  * jalgaon
  * jalpaiguri
  * jammu
  * jamnagar
  * jamshedpur
  * jaunpur
  * jhalawar
  * jhansi
  * jhargram
  * jhunjhunu
  * jind
  * jodhpur
  * jorhat
  * junagadh
  * kadapa
  * kadayanallur
  * kadiri
  * kaithal
  * kakinada
  * kalaburagi
  * kalady
  * kalna
  * kamareddy
  * kanchrapara
  * kannauj
  * kannur
  * kanpur
  * kanyakumari
  * kapurthala
  * karad
  * karaikkudi
  * karimnagar
  * karnal
  * karunagappaly
  * karur
  * karwar
  * kasaragod
  * kashipur
  * katihar
  * katni
  * kavali
  * kayamkulam
  * kendrapada
  * kendujhar
  * khalilabad
  * khamgaon
  * khammam
  * khandwa
  * khanna
  * kharagpur
  * khopoli
  * kishanganj

  * kishangarh
  * kochi
  * kodaikanal
  * kohima
  * kolar
  * kolhapur
  * kolkata
  * kollam
  * kopargaon
  * koppal
  * korba
  * kota
  * kotdwar
  * kothagudem
  * kothamanagalam
  * kottakkal
  * kottarakkara
  * kottayam
  * kovilpatti
  * kozhikode
  * krishnagiri
  * krishnanagar
  * kumarakom
  * kumbakonam
  * kumta
  * kundapura
  * kunnamkullam
  * kurnool
  * kurukshetra
  * kushalnagar
  * lakhimpur
  * lalitpur
  * latur
  * lonavala
  * lonavla
  * lucknow
  * ludhiana
  * machilipatnam
  * madanapalle
  * madhubani
  * madikeri
  * madurai
  * mahabaleshwar
  * mahbubnagar
  * mahoba
  * malappuram
  * malda
  * malegaon
  * malout
  * manali
  * mancherial
  * mandi-dabwali
  * mandi-gobindgarh
  * mandi-hp
  * mandsaur
  * mandya
  * mangaluru
  * manipal
  * manjeri
  * mannargudi
  * mansa
  * markapur
  * mathura
  * maunath-bhanjan
  * mayiladuthurai
  * medinipur
  * meerut
  * mehsana
  * mettupalayam
  * miryalaguda
  * mirzapur
  * modinagar
  * moga
  * moodbidri
  * moradabad
  * morbi
  * morena
  * motihari
  * mount-abu
  * mughalsarai
  * mukerian
  * muktsar
  * mumbai
  * munger
  * murshidabad
  * mussoorie
  * muvattupuzha
  * muzaffarnagar
  * muzaffarpur
  * mysore
  * nabadwip
  * nadiad
  * nagaon
  * nagapattinam
  * nagda
  * nagercoil
  * nagpur
  * nagur
  * naharlagun
  * nainital
  * nalbari
  * nalgonda
  * namakkal
  * nanded
  * nandurbar
  * nandyal
  * nangal
  * naraingarh
  * narasaraopet
  * narnaul
  * narsinghpur
  * narsipatnam
  * nashik
  * navsari
  * neemuch
  * nellore
  * neyveli
  * nipani
  * nirmal
  * nizamabad
  * noida
  * noida-1
  * north-goa
  * ongole
  * ooty
  * orai
  * osmanabad
  * pala
  * palakkad
  * palakollu
  * palampur
  * palani
  * palanpur
  * palghar
  * pali
  * palwal
  * panchgani
  * panipat
  * paramakudi
  * parbhani
  * pathankot
  * patiala
  * patna
  * pattukkottai
  * payyannur
  * perambalur
  * perinthalmanna
  * phagwara
  * phusro
  * pilani
  * pilibhit
  * pinjore-city
  * pondicherry
  * porbandar
  * port-blair
  * pratapgarh
  * proddatur
  * pudukkottai

  * pune
  * puri
  * purnea
  * purulia
  * pusad
  * puttur
  * puttur-karnataka
  * rae-bareli
  * raghunathpur
  * raichur
  * raiganj
  * raigarh
  * raipur
  * rajahmundry
  * rajapalayam
  * rajgarh
  * rajkot
  * rajnandgaon
  * rajsamand
  * ramagundam
  * ramanagara
  * ramanathapuram
  * ramgarh
  * rampur
  * ranaghat
  * ranaghat-wb
  * ranchi
  * rangpo
  * ranibennur
  * raniganj
  * ratlam
  * ratnagiri
  * ravulapalem
  * rayachoty
  * rewa
  * rewari
  * rishikesh
  * rohtak
  * roorkee
  * ropar
  * rourkela
  * rudrapur
  * sagar
  * saharanpur
  * saharsa
  * salem
  * samastipur
  * sambalpur
  * sangamner
  * sangli
  * sangrur
  * santipur
  * sasaram
  * satara
  * satna
  * sawai-madhopur
  * sawantwadi
  * sehore
  * shahdol
  * shahjahanpur
  * shamli
  * shikohabad
  * shillong
  * shimla
  * shirdi-city
  * shivamogga
  * shivpuri
  * shravasti
  * shrirampur
  * siddipet
  * sikar
  * silchar
  * siliguri
  * silvassa
  * sindhanur
  * singrauli
  * sirkali
  * sirsa
  * sirsi
  * sitamarhi
  * sitapur
  * sivakasi
  * sivasagar
  * siwan
  * solan
  * solapur
  * sonipat
  * south-goa
  * sri-ganganagar
  * srikakulam
  * srivilliputhur
  * sultanpur
  * surat
  * suratgarh
  * surendranagar-dudhrej
  * suri
  * suryapet
  * tadepalligudem
  * tadpatri
  * tanuku
  * tarn-taran-sahib
  * tenkasi
  * tezpur
  * thalassery
  * thanjavur
  * theni
  * thiruvalla
  * thiruvallur
  * thiruvananthapuram
  * thiruvarur
  * thodupuzha
  * thoothukudi
  * thoubal
  * thrissur
  * tindivanam
  * tinsukia
  * tiptur
  * tirunelveli
  * tirupati
  * tirupur
  * tiruttani
  * tiruvannamalai
  * tohana
  * trichy
  * tumakuru
  * tuni
  * udaipur
  * udgir
  * udhampur
  * ujjain
  * uluberia
  * unnao
  * uran-islampur
  * vadodara
  * valsad
  * vapi
  * varanasi
  * varkala
  * vellore
  * veraval
  * vidisha
  * vijayawada
  * viluppuram
  * virudhunagar
  * visnagar
  * vizag
  * vizianagaram
  * vyara
  * waidhan
  * warangal
  * wardha
  * washim
  * wayanad
  * yamuna-nagar
  * yavatmal

© 2022 Swiggy

