https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/chinese-style-pot-roasted-lamb/26529e07-b9ed-45a1-b775-c7f8cca8acd2


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Chinese-style pot-roasted lamb

  * _7h_ prep
  * _3h 30m_ cook
  * _4_ servings 

Rate Now

Save Recipe

85 people saved this

2 people made this

Spice up your lamb roast with this Chinese twist! Do all the work on the
weekend, then give it an hour on the night â€“ serve with your choice of mash or
rice.

L

Lucy Busuttil

786 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain sesame, gluten, wheat, tree nut and milk.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 16 Ingredients 
  * 3 Method Steps 

#### 16 Ingredients

  * 1.8kg easy-carve leg of lamb, de-boned, rolled 

  * 1 large orange, rind peeled into 5cm strips, juiced 

  * 1 lemon, rind peeled into 5cm strips, juiced 

  * 185ml (3/4 cup) Chinese rice wine 

  * 185ml (3/4 cup) dark soy sauce 

  * 2 tbsp cider vinegar 

  * 55g (1/4 cup, firmly packed) brown sugar 

  * 1 tbsp Sichuan peppercorns 

  * 2 cinnamon sticks 

  * 8 whole cloves 

  * 1 tsp fennel seeds 

  * 3 whole star anise 

  * 1 garlic bulb, halved 

  * 500ml (2 cups) water 

  * Garlic mashed potato or steamed rice, to serve 

  * Steamed Asian greens, to serve (optional) 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 3 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Place the lamb  (1.8kg easy-carve leg of lamb, de-boned, rolled) in a large
flameproof oval casserole dish. Combine the orange rind  (1 large orange, rind
peeled into 5cm strips, juiced) and juice, lemon rind  (1 lemon, rind peeled
into 5cm strips, juiced) and juice, rice wine  (185ml (3/4 cup) Chinese rice
wine), soy sauce  (185ml (3/4 cup) dark soy sauce), vinegar  (2 tbsp cider
vinegar), brown sugar  (55g (1/4 cup, firmly packed) brown sugar), peppercorns
(1 tbsp Sichuan peppercorns), cinnamon  (2 cinnamon sticks), cloves  (8 whole
cloves), fennel seeds  (1 tsp fennel seeds), star anise  (3 whole star anise)
and garlic  (1 garlic bulb, halved) in a bowl. Stir until the sugar dissolves.
Pour over the lamb. Place in the fridge for 8 hours or overnight, turning
once, to marinate.

  * Step 2

Preheat oven to 160C/140C fan forced. Pour water  (500ml (2 cups) water) into
the dish. Bring to a simmer over medium heat. Roast, covered, basting every 20
minutes, for 2 hours to 2 hours 30 minutes, until the meat is tender. Roast,
uncovered, for a further 1 hour or until browned and liquid has reduced
slightly. Set aside in the dish for 30 minutes to rest. Use a spoon to skim
the fat from the surface and discard.

  * Step 3

Serve lamb with garlic mashed potato  (Garlic mashed potato or steamed rice,
to serve), pan juices and steamed greens  (Steamed Asian greens, to serve
(optional)), if using.

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

2 people made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

85 people saved this

### Recipe Notes

3 days ahead: Roast the lamb up to the end of Step 2. Set aside to cool.
Store, covered, in the casserole dish or an airtight container in the fridge.

On the night: Preheat the oven to 160C/140C fan forced. Bring lamb to the boil
over medium heat. Reduce heat to low and simmer for 10-15 minutes. Roast the
lamb, covered, for 45 minutes or until warmed through. Proceed with Step 3 of
recipe.

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by Jeremy Simons

##  Popular on Taste

  1. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

  2. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

  3. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

  4. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

  5. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  6. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  7. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  8. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

