https://feelgoodfoodie.net/recipe/honey-lemon-salmon/


Skip to content

FeelGoodFoodie

  * Recipes
    * Recipe Index
    * Appetizers
    * Beverages
    * Breakfast Foods
    * Desserts
    * Entrées
    * Lebanese Inspired
    * Salads
    * Sandwiches
    * Side Dishes
    * Snacks
    * Soups
    * Tutorials
  * Kitchen Tips
    * Kitchen Tips Index
    * How To
    * Tools
    * Ingredient Guides
    * Organization
    * Feeding a Family
    * Holiday Hosting
  * Occasions
    * Valentine's Day
    * Ramadan
    * Easter
    * Mother's Day
    * Fourth of July
    * Halloween
    * Thanksgiving
    * Christmas
    * Weeknight Meals
    * Meal Prep

  * Videos
  * Shop
    * Shop Index
    * Cookware & Bakeware
    * Gadgets & Tools
    * Electrics
    * Pantry
    * Tabletop
    * Home
  * About
    * Contact
    * Newsletter
  * 

Search for

Home » Recipes » Type » Entrées » Honey Lemon Salmon

# Honey Lemon Salmon

Yumna Jawad  
June 10, 2019 _Updated_ November 9, 2021

5 from 38 votes

You can make this Honey Lemon Salmon with only a handful of ingredients and
any skillet. It's quick & easy for healthy weeknight dinners or fancy
occasions

Jump to Recipe

7 Comments

FacebookTweetPinShares837

This post may contain affiliate links. Please read our disclosure policy.

Honey Lemon Salmon is a great easy weeknight recipe that's on the table in 20
minutes. Made with four ingredients, this healthy fish dish can be served with
a hearty salad or potato side dish. A quick and easy family recipe full of
flavor.

If you're like most home cooks, you stay away from cooking fish at home for
fear of making it too dry or getting a fishy taste. But this Honey Lemon
Salmon recipe might be just what you need. It's pretty much a **fool proof
method of cooking salmon** on the stovetop with only a handful of ingredients.

This method works with as little ingredients as salmon, salt, pepper and olive
oil. But I've added a **sweet and tangy honey lemon sauce to make it a little
more special**. Still, the technique is the same and adaptable for any other
sauces or seasonings you'd like. Once you cook the salmon, serve it with any
sides or on top of a salad like I did.

## Ingredients to make honey lemon salmon

You'll need **salmon, honey, lemons, salt and pepper**. I've also included the
ingredients I used to make the salad which are kale, quinoa, feta cheese and
pitted cherries. Then I toss it simply with lemon juice and olive oil to serve
with the honey lemon salmon.

You can also serve this salmon with Greek Pasta Salad, Cilantro Lime
Cauliflower Rice or Air Fryer Potatoes.

## How to make honey lime salmon

  * To start, **dry the salmon really well** and **heat a pan with coconut oil** for a few minutes. You want the pan to be hot so that the oil is shimmering, but not smoking.
  *  **Place the salmon skin side down** on the hot pan and cook it for 5-7 minutes depending on the thickness of the fillets. When the salmon is golden brown and the skin is crispy, it will release on its own, and you'll know it's time to flip the salmon.
  * When you **flip the salmon** , that's the time to **add the honey and lemon juice mixture**. The sauce will thicken and you can use it to baste the salmon in the pan. Leave the salmon only for a couple more minutes and then it's fully cooked.

When you're ready to serve it, you can garnish it with lemon slices and
parsley and then add it to a side salad or serve it with rice, veggies or any
other side dish you prefer.

## Tips for making honey lemon salmon

  * **Dry the salmon with a paper towel.** There is a lot of moisture in salmon so you want to make sure to pat it dry and only add salt once it's on the pan. That will ensure that the salmon doesn't release too much liquid that could _steam_ the honey lemon salmon instead of _sear_ it.
  *  **Make sure the pan is hot before adding the salmon.** When you heat the coconut oil in the pan, you want to make sure it's shimmering but not smoking. I recommend heating the oil on medium-high heat for 3-5 minutes. If you hear a sizzle when that skin hits the pan, you know it was heated well!
  *  **Don 't crowd the pan.** This tip goes hand-in-hand with the dry salmon. If the skillet is crowded with salmon, there will inherently be a lot of moisture in the pan, which could affect the salmon skin getting crispy. To avoid that, cook in batches or use an extra large skillet so that the salmon fillets are not touching in the pan.
  *  **Cook mostly on the skin side.** I used to think salmon or any protein needed to be cooked equally on both sides. But you're cooking skin-on salmon, the bulk of the cooking time should be on the skin side. This way the seared skin helps to gently cook the salmon flesh underneath without drying it out.

## Frequently Asked Questions

### Do you cook the salmon skin side up or down

Always cook salmon with the skin side on and skin side down first. The skin
creates a barrier between the high heat and the flaky salmon flesh, keeping
everything in tact. It also allows you to cook the salmon on higher heat to
get the salmon skin to be crispy without drying out the salmon. Plus when you
flip it, you're much more likely to keep in tact if it's skin-side down.

### How do you reheat leftover salmon

You can simply reheat it in the microwave. If you have more time, I recommend
heating it on a skillet with the skin side down. When the skin gets crispy,
then flip it for just a minute to warm the top.

### Can you use frozen salmon

I'm all about the shortcuts especially when baking salmon. But when you pan
fry it, I suggest you thaw the salmon first before cooking it. You can thaw
salmon or any seafood in large bowl of cold water.

This Honey Lemon Salmon recipe is **so easy for quick weeknight meals** , but
also fancy enough to serve guests or family on special occasions. I love how
versatile the recipe is to be used with any sauce or any seasoning. And the
best part is the crispy salmon skin that gives all the flavor to this salmon
recipe. It's simple, healthy and hella-packed with a sweet and tangy flavor!

## More fish recipes:

  * Salmon Burgers
  * Lemon Parsley Baked Cod
  * Panko Crusted Salmon
  * Sheet Pan Lemon Garlic Salmon
  * Garlic Cilantro Oven Baked Salmon

If you’ve tried this healthy-ish feel good **Honey Lemon Salmon** recipe or
any other recipe on FeelGoodFoodie, then don’t forget to  **rate the recipe**
and leave me a comment below! I would love to hear about your experience
making it. And if you snapped some shots of it, share it with me on Instagram
so I can repost on my stories!

Print

Pin

Review

## Honey Lemon Salmon

You can make this Honey Lemon Salmon with only a handful of ingredients and
any skillet. It's quick & easy for healthy weeknight dinners or fancy
occasions

5 from 38 votes

Author Yumna Jawad

Servings 4 servings

Course Entree

Calories 369

Prep Time 10 mins

Cook Time 10 mins

Total Time 20 mins

### Equipment

Mixing Bowl Set

Balloon Whisk

Cast Iron

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * ▢ 1/4 cup honey
  * ▢ 3 tablespoons lemon juice
  * ▢ 4 6 ounces salmon fillets
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons coconut oil
  * ▢ Salt and pepper

### Instructions

  * In a small bowl, whisk together honey and lemon juice, set aside.

  * In a large skillet over medium-high heat, heat two tablespoons coconut oil. Add salmon skin-side down and season with salt and pepper. Cook salmon until golden brown, skin is crispy and it releases easily with spatula, about 5-7 minutes, depending on the thickness.

  * Add the honey lemon sauce to the pan. Then flip the salmon over carefully and baste the salmon with the sauce. Continue cooking until salmon is just barely pink in the center and easily lifts from the pan, about 2 more minutes. 

  * Garnish with sliced lemon and parsley to serve with a salad, if desired

### Notes

 **Storage:** Store any leftovers in an airtight container. They will last up
to 3 days in the fridge. To reheat, place on a pan with the skin-side down and
reheat until warmed through.

**Substitutes:** For best results, follow the recipe as is. However here are
some common substitutes that would work well in this recipe.

  * Instead of coconut oil, you can use grapeseed oil or safflower oil, both of which have high smoke points like coconut oil. You can also use olive oil, but be careful not to let the olive oil get smokey.
  * Instead of lemon juice, you can use lime juice or another type of vinegar like red wine vinegar.
  * Instead of honey, you can use maple syrup or agave syrup. 

### Nutrition

Calories: 369kcal, Carbohydrates: 18g, Protein: 34g, Fat: 18g, Saturated Fat:
8g, Cholesterol: 94mg, Sodium: 76mg, Potassium: 856mg, Sugar: 18g, Vitamin A:
70IU, Vitamin C: 4.4mg, Calcium: 20mg, Iron: 1.5mg

Nutrition information provided is an estimate. It will vary based on cooking
method and specific ingredients used.

## Share this recipe

FacebookTweetPinShares837

Share it with the world! Mention @feelgoodfoodie or tag #feelgoodfoodie!

Recipe AuthorYumna Jawad

Recipe PostedJune 10, 2019

Recipe CategoriesStovetop Dairy Free Gluten Free Paleo Friendly Entrées
Seafood Summer Spring Weeknight Meals

## Want more delicous ideas sent to your inbox?

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

First Name *

Email *

Sign Me Up!

## You Might Also Like

Beef

### Easy Oven Beef Stew

Grains

### Crispy Persian Rice (Tahdig)

Potatoes

### Cheesy Gouda Scalloped Potatoes

Grains

### Tomato Rice Pilaf

### Rate and comment Cancel reply

Name

Email

Comment

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without
commenting.

Δ

### Comments

  1. **Angela Minnick** says:

August 3, 2021 at 3:40 pm

Wow! This is amazing and SO quick and easy

Reply

    1. **Yumna Jawad** says:

August 3, 2021 at 4:01 pm

Thank you so much!

Reply

  2. **Heidi J** says:

January 18, 2021 at 5:59 pm

Is the cherry salad recipe somewhere?

Reply

    1. **Yumna J.** says:

January 19, 2021 at 10:34 am

To make the salad, I tossed kale, quinoa, feta cheese, and pitted cherries
with lemon juice and olive oil to serve with the honey lemon salmon.

Reply

  3. **Tania Vales** says:

July 29, 2020 at 9:00 pm

This was delicious but my salmon skin stuck to the pan and didn't get crispy.
Any suggestions?

Reply

  4. **Jennifer** says:

May 26, 2020 at 10:24 pm

I made this tonight for dinner! It was yummy! I love all of the recipes that
I’ve tried so far! You have made my life easier! Can’t wait to try other
recipes!

Reply

    1. **Yumna Jawad** says:

May 30, 2020 at 3:07 pm

So happy to hear that!! Thank you! 🙂

Reply

## HI I’M YUMNA

I’m glad you’re here! I founded Feel Good Foodie 9 years ago, back when I was
still learning to cook. We’ve come a long way since then, but our number one
goal is still the same: to make healthy, family-friendly cooking easy and fun
for you! Need an idea for what to make for dinner tonight or want check out my
authentic Lebanese recipes? Well you’ve come to the right place, and I promise
you’ll leave saying, “That was good - so good!”

More about me

## Viral TikTok Recipes

### Shrimp Sushi Stack

### One Pan Oven Baked Oatmeal

### Chopped Green Goddess Salad

### Custard Yogurt Toast

### Cowboy Caviar

### Creamy Cucumber Salad

## Most Popular Recipes

### Baked Feta Pasta

### Easy Overnight Oats

### Lebanese Garlic Sauce (Toum)

### Mediterranean White Bean Soup

### 3-Ingredient Chia Pudding

### Authentic Lebanese Hummus

Back to Top

Featured On

FeelGoodFoodie

  * Recipes
  * Kitchen Tips
  * Occasions
  * Videos
  * Shop
  * About

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

  * Privacy Policy

(C) 2022 Feel Good Foodie.   All Rights Reserved.

YES, I WANT THIS

5 Secrets to Eating Healthy'ish

FREE EMAIL BONUS

Practical tips & EASY recipes

for your busy lifestyle!

