https://dailycookingquest.com/ikan-goreng-saus-lemon-fried-fish-honey-lemon-sauce.html


Daily Cooking Quest

  * About
  * All Recipes
  * Asian Pantry
  * Indonesian Pantry
  * Indonesian Kitchen

Home / All Recipes / Indonesian / Ikan Goreng Saus Lemon - Fried Fish in Honey
Lemon Sauce

# Ikan Goreng Saus Lemon - Fried Fish in Honey Lemon Sauce

Last updated: Aug 17, 2020 -- Published: Dec 14, 2017 -- By: Anita -- 8
comments

> Delicious golden brown crispy fried fish stick served with thick and sticky
> honey and lemon sauce. No need to order a take-out once you learn how to
> make this dish.

  *  __
  *  __
  *  __

#### Ikan goreng saus lemon - fried fish in honey lemon sauce.

 **Fried Fish in Honey Lemon Sauce (Indonesian: Ikan Goreng Saus Lemon)** has
been one of my favorite food since childhood. The crispy fried fish sticks,
paired with a thick and sticky honey lemon sauce is truly delicious.

To ensure that guests can enjoy the crispy fish sticks, some restaurants
separate the fried fish and the lemon sauce. Right before serving, the server
will combine the fish sticks and the lemon sauce in front of the guests before
placing the dish on the table.

I don't usually do the above since I always serve this dish immediately right
before our meal, but it is a neat trick if you are preparing this dish in
advance.

#### Ingredients for ikan goreng saus lemon (fried fish in honey lemon sauce):
fish, honey, lemon, onion, garlic, butter, breadcrumb, chicken stock, all-
purpose flour, cornstarch, sugar, and salt.

## Ingredients for fried fish in honey lemon sauce

 **1\. Fried fish sticks, or fried fish fingers**

For the fried fish sticks, we will need **fish fillet, lemon juice, all-
purpose flour, sugar, salt, bread crumbs, water, and oil for deep-frying**.

You can use tilapia, red snapper, cod, haddock, pollock, or other firm flesh
white fish that are suitable for fish sticks.

If you don't feel like making your own fried fish sticks from scratch, you can
buy fish sticks in the frozen aisle of your supermarket and follow the
packaging instruction.

 **2\. Honey lemon sauce**

For the honey lemon sauce, we will need **unsalted butter, onion, garlic,
lemon, honey, chicken stock, salt, sugar, tapioca starch, and scallions.**

This sauce is all about lemon, so be sure to use some lovely fresh lemons to
get their zest and juice.

Although you can always use lemon concentrate in a pinch, I highly advise
waiting until you can get some fresh lemons before trying this recipe.

#### Deep fried tilapia batons, marinated in lemon juice and salt, coated in
all-purpose flour, salt, sugar, water,and bread crumbs.

## Fish sticks: marinating, coating, and frying

 **1\. Marinate fish**

Cut fish fillets into sticks/batons, then marinate with salt and lemon juice
for 15 minutes.

 **2\. Coat fish**

Mix all-purpose flour, salt, sugar, and water into a thick paste. Add this to
the marinated fish and mix well. Finally, coat the fish with bread crumbs and
set aside.

 **3\. Deep fry fish**

Heat enough oil in a pot for deep-frying over medium heat. Once the oil is hot
(180 Celsius/350 Fahrenheit), fry the fish until the surface is crispy and
golden brown.

Remove fried fish sticks with a slotted spoon and drain excess oil over a wire
rack. Please don't drain fried fish on paper towels since they will become
soggy.

#### (1) SautÃ© garlic and onion. (2) Add chicken stock, lemon juice, lemon
zest, honey, and salt. Thicken the sauce with cornstarch slurry. (3) Add fried
fish batons and toss to coat. (4) Garnish with thinly sliced scallions.

## Honey lemon sauce

Make sure you have all the ingredients for honey lemon sauce ready before
cooking since this sauce cook in a matter of minutes.

Start by melting butter in a wok/skillet over medium-high heat. SautÃ© onion
and garlic until fragrant and the onion is translucent.

Add chicken stock, lemon zest, lemon juice, honey, and salt. Stir to mix and
cook until boiling.

Give the sauce a quick taste test. You may want to add 1-2 tablespoons of
sugar if the sauce is too sour.

Once you are happy with the flavor, add the cornstarch slurry, and cook for 2
minutes to thicken the sauce.

Return fried fish sticks to the wok/skillet, and toss gently to coat. Turn off
the heat, and garnish with thinly sliced scallions.

Finally, transfer the finished dish to a serving plate and serve immediately.

#### Ikan goreng saus lemon - fried fish in honey lemon sauce.

## Ikan Goreng Saus Lemon - Fried Fish in Honey Lemon Sauce

 __________ 5.0 from 8 reviews

Author: Anita Jacobson

Categories: Main Dish

Cuisine: Indonesian

Ingredients: Seafood

Prep Time: 20 mins

Cook Time: 40 mins

Total Time: 1 hour

Serves: 8

Print Recipe

### Ingredients

  * Fried fish sticks
  * 800 gram (28 oz) tilapia fillet (Note 1)
  * 1/2 tablespoon lemon juice
  * 1 teaspoon salt
  * 100 gram (3.5 oz) all-purpose flour
  * 1/2 teaspoon salt
  * 1/2 teaspoon sugar
  * 150 ml (10 tablespoon) water
  * 2 cup bread crumbs
  * Honey lemon sauce
  * 2 tablespoon unsalted butter
  * 1/2 onion (~ 200 gram), thinly sliced
  * 4 cloves garlic, minced
  * 2 lemons, zest and juiced (~ 2 tablespoon zest, ~ 4 tablespoon juice)
  * 1/3 cup honey
  * 1 teaspoon salt
  * 2 cups chicken stock (or water)
  * 1-2 tablespoon sugar, as needed
  * cornstarch slurry (2 tablespoon cornstarch + 2 tablespoon water, mixed well)
  * 2 scallions, thinly sliced (optional garnish)

### Instructions

  * Fried fish sticks
    1. Cut fish fillets into sticks/batons, then marinate with salt and lemon juice for 15 minutes.
    2. Mix all-purpose flour, salt, sugar, and water into a thick paste. Add this to the marinated fish and mix well. Finally, coat the fish with bread crumbs and set aside.
    3. Heat enough oil in a pot for deep-frying over medium heat. Once the oil is hot (180 Celsius/350 Fahrenheit), fry the fish until the surface is crispy and golden brown.
    4. Remove fried fish sticks with a slotted spoon and drain excess oil over a wire rack. Please donât drain fried fish on paper towels since they will become soggy.
  * Honey lemon sauce
    1. Melt butter in a wok/skillet over medium-high heat. SautÃ© onion and garlic until fragrant and the onion is translucent.
    2. Add chicken stock, lemon zest, lemon juice, honey, and salt. Stir to mix and cook until boiling.
    3. Give the sauce a quick taste test. You may want to add 1-2 tablespoons of sugar if the sauce is too sour.
    4. Once you are happy with the flavor, add the cornstarch slurry, and cook for 2 minutes to thicken the sauce.
    5. Return fried fish sticks to the wok/skillet, and toss gently to coat. Turn off the heat, and garnish with thinly sliced scallions.
    6. Transfer the finished dish to a serving plate and serve immediately.

### Notes

  * (1) You can also use red snapper, cod, haddock, pollock, or other firm flesh white fish that are suitable for fish sticks.

## Related recipes

### Sambal Terasi Udang - Spicy Shrimp Sauce Prawns

### Ikan Bakar Rica-Rica - Spicy Grilled Fish

### Sambal Goreng Ikan - Fish in Spicy Chili Sauce

### Ikan Nila Bakar - Broiled Tilapia

## Comments

  * Jen says:

July 18, 2020 at 12:17 am

I love how light and delicious this was! Definitely full of flavor with the
addition of the honey lemon sauce.

 __________

Reply

  * Kavita Favelle says:

July 18, 2020 at 12:18 am

I've not come across this dish but I really love the sound of it, honey and
lemon are a winning combination, I'm sure I'd love them with fish!

 __________

Reply

  * Emily says:

July 18, 2020 at 12:19 am

YES! This looks crispy and delicious. I need to make this for my family!

 __________

Reply

  * Soniya says:

July 18, 2020 at 02:47 am

Wow! This looks so delicious! I am always looking for new sauces .. definitely
making it tomorrow.

 __________

Reply

  * Noelle says:

August 18, 2020 at 07:13 am

The flavors in this were amazing!! Already want to make it again

 __________

Reply

  * Jessie Ross says:

August 18, 2020 at 07:21 am

Amazing recipe! The fish looks deliciously crispy and that sauce sounds great!

 __________

Reply

  * Denay DeGuzman says:

August 18, 2020 at 07:31 am

What a fabulous recipe! This tastes just like a dish served at a favorite
local restaurant. Now, with your help, I'm able to make it at home.

 __________

Reply

  * Elaine says:

August 18, 2020 at 07:36 am

I love these fish sticks! And the choice of honey and lemon is amazing - the
combo to keep handy for sure!

 __________

Reply

### Leave a comment

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment

Rate this recipe:

1

2

3

4

5

Name *

Email *

Website

  

1

2

3

4

5

Post Comment

Thank you! Your comment is awaiting moderation.

Something went wrong...

__

### Categories

  * Bread 30
  * Dessert 138
  * Drink 40
  * Main Dish 248
  * One Dish Meal 44
  * Sauce 39
  * Snack 64
  * Soup 82
  * Vegetarian 183

### Cuisines

  * Chinese 244
  * Indonesian 352
  * Japanese 120
  * Korean 16
  * Malaysian 20
  * Thai 20

### Ingredients

  * Beef 58
  * Chicken 172
  * Egg 69
  * Noodles 14
  * Pork 65
  * Rice 45
  * Seafood 75
  * Tofu 76
  * Vegetables 232

### AS FEATURED IN

###  Hi, I am Anita!

I am a Chinese Indonesian currently living in Minnesota with my husband. Have
fun exploring my 700+ authentic and easy Indonesian and Chinese recipes. Read
about Daily Cooking Quest __

  * About
  * All Recipes
  * Asian Pantry
  * Indonesian Pantry
  * Indonesian Kitchen
  * How to Start a Blog

### Free Recipe E-Books!

Join our mailing list to receive TWO free cookbooks and updates on the latest
recipes.

Subscribe

 ____________

Copyright (C) 2022 Daily Cooking Quest

about privacy policy

