https://saltandbaker.com/lemon-honey-glazed-salmon/


__

____

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Recipes by Category
      * Appetizers
      * Breads
      * Breakfast
      * Cookies
      * Desserts
      * Drinks
      * Healthy
      * Ice Cream
      * Main Dishes
      * Salads
      * Side Dishes
      * Soup
    * Seasons & Holidays
      * Spring
      * Summer
      * Fall
      * Winter
      * Halloween
      * Thanksgiving
      * Christmas
      * Valentine's
    * Recipe Index
    * Recipe Videos
  * About
    * About
    * Contact
    * Privacy Policy
    * Salt & Baker Accessibility Statement
    * Press
    * Work with me
  * Lifestyle
    * A Sweeter Wednesday
    * Gift Guides
  * Follow
    * Instagram
    * Facebook
    * Facebook Group
    * Pinterest
    * Twitter
  * Subscribe

##### get new recipes via email:

Sign Up __

#### Almost Done!

To complete the subscription process, please click the link in the email I
just sent you. If you did not receive an email check your spam folder.
Otherwise, add whitney@saltandbaker.com to your address book and try again.

____________

Skip to Main Content

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Recipes by Category
      * Appetizers
      * Breads
      * Breakfast
      * Cookies
      * Desserts
      * Drinks
      * Healthy
      * Ice Cream
      * Main Dishes
      * Salads
      * Side Dishes
      * Soup
    * Seasons & Holidays
      * Spring
      * Summer
      * Fall
      * Winter
      * Halloween
      * Thanksgiving
      * Christmas
      * Valentine's
    * Recipe Index
    * Recipe Videos
  * About
    * About
    * Contact
    * Privacy Policy
    * Salt & Baker Accessibility Statement
    * Press
    * Work with me
  * Lifestyle
    * A Sweeter Wednesday
    * Gift Guides
  * Follow
    * Instagram
    * Facebook
    * Facebook Group
    * Pinterest
    * Twitter
  * Subscribe
  * __

__

__Close

### get new recipes via email:

Sign Up __

#### Almost Done!

To complete the subscription process, please click the link in the email I
just sent you. If you did not receive an email check your spam folder.
Otherwise, add whitney@saltandbaker.com to your address book and try again.

Home » Recipes » Main Dishes » Seafood » Lemon Honey Glazed Salmon

# Lemon Honey Glazed Salmon

Jump to Recipe

_by_ Whitney // March 17, 2022

This post may include affiliate links. As an Amazon Associate I earn from
qualifying purchases.

Lemon Honey Glazed Salmon is a a pan seared salmon topped with a delicious
lemon honey sauce. The salmon is cooked perfectly and melts in your mouth!
Looking for another honey salmon recipe? Then you’ll love my honey garlic
baked salmon!

In addition to serving this healthy salmon recipe, I like pairing it with a
vegetable my children will love. Popular vegetable sides in my house include
roasted carrots, sauteed peas, oven roasted broccoli. You can also serve it
with Orzo Rice to add a nice starch to the menu.

## Why This Recipe Works

  * **Delicious glazed salmon recipe the entire family will love!** If you are feeding younger mouths, I’ll tell you that my kids _love_ this — and they don’t _always_ eat fish. So that’s a huge plus in my book! Especially considering how beneficial, and important, salmon is in a diet. Salmon is one of the best sources of omega-3 fatty acids. These fats are essential to include in our diet because our bodies don’t make them. Omega-3s help reduce inflammation and blood pressure.
  *  **Best seared salmon.** There’s no better way to cook fish than searing it, in my opinion. It locks in the flavor and gives that beautiful crisp exterior and soft interior. I’ll walk you through the steps and best tips for how to sear salmon. 

## Ingredient Notes

  * **Salmon Fillet:** Be sure to slice the fish into equal pieces. This helps so all pieces cook evenly.
  *  **Honey:** Not only does the honey give a nice sweetness to the dish, but it gives a nice caramelization to the exterior of the fillet when seared. 
  * **Chives & Parsley:** Fresh chives and parsley will give you a better flavor. The chives add a nice subtle onion flavor and the parsley enhances the fresh flavor in the honey glazed salmon. 
  * **Lemon Juice & Zest:** Using lemon juice and zest will give us a punchier lemon flavor. 
  * **Cayenne Pepper:** Just a pinch to add the slightest amount of heat. If you want much spicier, add more. If you want no spice at all, use black pepper instead of cayenne pepper. 
  * **Vegetable Oil:** This is what we’ll put in the _hot_ skillet to sear the lemon honey glazed salmon.

## Step-by-Step Instructions

  1. **Heat the skillet.** Preheat the oven to 450°F. Place a 12-inch cast iron skillet in the oven as it’s preheating. Doing this allows the skillet to get _hot_ everywhere! Not just in patchy spots.
  2.  **Make the sauce**. In a small bowl, combine the honey, chives, parsley, lemon zest, lemon juice, and cayenne. Whisk to incorporate and then set aside.

  3. **Remove excess moisture from the salmon**. Dab the salmon with a paper towel on both sides to remove any excess moisture. Season both sides of the salmon with the salt and pepper. 

  4. **Sear the salmon.** When the oven reaches 450°F, turn off the oven and, _using hot pads_ , carefully remove the skillet from the oven and place it over medium heat on your stovetop. Add the vegetable oil to the hot skillet (be careful! The oil will most likely splatter, so be cautious). Place each salmon fillet in the skillet. Cook for 3-4 minutes, flip and cook the other side for 5-8 minutes or until the center is fully cooked. The middle of the meat should read 130°-135°F with an instant read thermometer. 
  5. **Add the sauce.** Spoon the lemon honey sauce overtop. Serve immediately.

## Recipe Tips

Make sure you have a large enough pan to accommodate the salmon fillets. Like
I mentioned above, I used my 12-inch cast iron skillet to cook this lemon
honey glazed salmon.

Remove the salmon fillets from the refrigerator prior to cooking. You don’t
want to place a super cold fillet on a piping hot pan. If you do this, the
cold salmon is more likely to seize up and cook unevenly.

Dab the salmon with a paper towel prior to cooking. Removing some of the
fillet’s excess moisture helps the fish to crisp up. Also, a wet fillet is
more likely to stick to the pan. We don’t want that!

Use a _hot_ pan. This is a _must_ when making pan-seared salmon. This is why
we place the cast iron skillet in the oven so the pan is evenly heated
throughout.

Make sure the bottom of the pan is completely covered in the vegetable oil.

Cut your salmon pieces into equal sizes so they all cook evenly in the pan.
And check for bones as well!

Use an instant read thermometer to make sure the internal temperature of your
fish reaches 130°F-135°F.

This recipe uses 24 oz of salmon, however, you can use just 16 oz or even 32
oz! If you cook more salmon you’ll have less sauce to spread across the fish.
If you only cook 16 of salmon you’ll have a lot of sauce to drizzle overtop
the cooked salmon.

You can use skin on salmon fillets or skin off. If you use skin on fillets,
place the flesh side down in the skillet first. Cook for 3 minutes and then
flip and cook the skin side for about 8-10 minutes or until the center is
fully cooked and the meat reads 125°F with an instant read thermometer.

### Make Ahead, Storing, and Freezing

Salmon is best made right before eating. Reheated salmon, while still
delicious, tends to be drier than right out of the oven or off the pan. That’s
why I don’t recommend making this salmon ahead of time.

If you are needing to store leftovers, store them in an airtight container in
the fridge for 3-4 days.

A great way to use leftover salmon is to break it apart and use for fish
tacos! Mix my Mild Taco Seasoning with some sour cream and spread that over
the salmon, top with chopped lettuce or cabbage, avocados and tomatoes.

To reheat the leftover honey lemon salmon, microwave it for 30-second
increments with as much of the honey lemon sauce as possible so the salmon
doesn’t dry out.

I wouldn’t recommend freezing the cooked salmon. Like I said, salmon is best
enjoyed day of.

## FAQs

**How do you pan sear salmon?**

The step-by-step instructions in the recipe post will be helpful to review. I
also have some great searing tips above to make sure you get the perfect
seared salmon! The main thing is to get the pan fully _hot._

**Is salmon good for you?**

Yes! Salmon is one of the best sources of omega-3 fatty acids. Omega-3 fatty
acids are fats that are essential to our diet because our bodies don’t make
them. They help reduce inflammation and blood pressure as well as improve cell
function. Healthline.com goes into things a bit deeper, if you are interested.

**What’s the best way to cook salmon?**

I love searing salmon because I think it brings out the flavors better! You
can also cook salmon in the oven, but you won’t get that crispy seared
exterior.

**What flavors go well with salmon?**

There are so many fun flavor combinations for salmon marinades and sauces! I
love using brown sugar with salmon because it brings out the sweetness and
pairs well with the fish. See my Brown Sugar Crusted Salmon recipe to try that
one! I also have a Sheet Pan Chili Lime Salmon if you are looking for an easy
sheet pan salmon recipe. Mix things up with my Salmon Burgers with Lemon Dill
Sauce!

## More Fish and Seafood Recipes

  * Tilapia Cakes
  * Shrimp Scampi with Linguini
  * Baja Fish Tacos
  * Easy Coconut Shrimp Recipe
  * Sheet Pan Shrimp Fajitas

Did you make this recipe? I’d love to hear about it! Click here to leave a
rating and review, or scroll below the recipe card and do so there.

Stay up-to-date by following us on Instagram, TikTok, Facebook, and Pinterest.

Print Review

5 from 4 votes

## Lemon Honey Glazed Salmon

This lemon honey glazed salmon is healthy and offers a lot of flavor! It's an
easy dinner recipe that only takes 30 minutes to make, and to top it off this
salmon recipe is made in a skillet.

Prep Time: 15 mins

Cook Time: 15 mins

Total Time: 30 mins

Servings: 4 servings

### Ingredients



1x2x3x

  * 24 oz salmon fillet - sliced into 4 pieces* see notes
  * 2 tablespoons + 2 teaspoons honey
  * 3 teaspoon chives - minced
  * 2 teaspoons fresh parsley - minced
  * 2 teaspoons lemon zest
  * 1 tablespoon lemon juice
  * pinch cayenne pepper
  * 1/2 teaspoon salt
  * 1/4 teaspoon black pepper
  * 1 tablespoon vegetable oil

### Equipment

  * instant read thermometer

  * Zester

  * 12 inch cast iron skillet, with lid

### Instructions



  * Preheat oven to 450°F. Place a 12 inch cast iron skillet in the oven as it’s preheating. Remove the salmon from the refrigerator. 

  * In a small bowl combine the honey, chives, parsley, lemon zest, lemon juice, and cayenne. Whisk to incorporate and then set aside.  

  * Using a paper towel, dab the salmon to remove excess moisture. Season both sides of the salmon with the salt and pepper.   

  * When oven reaches 450°F, turn off the oven and using hot pads carefully remove the skillet from the oven and place it over medium heat on your stovetop.  

  * Add the vegetable oil to the hot skillet. Place each salmon fillets in the skillet. Cook for 3-4 minutes, flip and cook the other side for 5-8 minutes or until the center is fully cooked. The middle of the meat should read 130°-135°F with an instant read thermometer.   

  * Spoon the lemon honey sauce overtop. Serve immediately.  

### Notes

*This recipe states 24 oz of salmon, however, you can use just 16 oz or even 32 oz! If you cook more salmon you'll have less sauce to spread across the fish, if you only cook 16 of salmon you'll have a lot of sauce to drizzle overtop the cooked salmon. 

NOTE: you can use skin on salmon fillets or skin off. If you use skin on
fillets, place the flesh side down in the skillet FIRST! Cook for 3 minutes
and then flip and cook the skin side for about 8-10 minutes or until the
center is fully cooked and the meat reads 125°F with an instant read
thermometer.

If you are needing to store leftovers, store them in an airtight container in
the fridge for 3-4 days.

### Nutrition

Calories: 305kcal (15%)Carbohydrates: 9g (3%)Protein: 33g (66%)Fat: 14g
(22%)Saturated Fat: 4g (20%)Cholesterol: 93mg (31%)Sodium: 366mg
(15%)Potassium: 833mg (24%)Sugar: 8g (9%)Vitamin A: 100IU (2%)Vitamin C: 3.1mg
(4%)Calcium: 20mg (2%)Iron: 1.4mg (8%)

author: Whitney Wright

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: American

Did you make this recipe?Leave a star rating and review on the blog post
letting me know how you liked this recipe! Take a picture and tag
@saltandbaker on Instagram and Facebook so I can see what you're making!

_This recipe was originally published on Jan. 11, 2021. It was republished on
March 17, 2022, to include additional information and photos._

  *   *   *   * 

_published on_ March 17, 2022 // __4 _Comments_

_Posted in:_ Healthy Recipes, Main Dishes, Recipes, Seafood

### get new recipes via email:

Sign Up __

#### Almost done!

To complete the subscription process, please click the link in the email I
just sent you. If you did not receive an email check your spam folder.
Otherwise, add whitney@saltandbaker.com to your address book and try again.

_« Previous Post_Small German Chocolate Cake Recipe

_Next Post »_ _Slow Cooker French Dip Sandwiches

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

###  4 Comments on "Lemon Honey Glazed Salmon"

  1. **Amanda Buchmuller** -- April 7, 2022 @ 2:26 pm  Reply

Quick and tasty!

  2. **Lacey Wilson** -- January 26, 2021 @ 12:43 pm  Reply

This recipe is for skinless. But I used skin on and just started skin down,
then followed the recipe directions otherwise.

    * **Salt & Baker** -- February 14, 2021 @ 2:17 am  Reply

Yes, I used skinless, but can use this recipe with skin on as well. Thanks for
coming back to leave a review Lacey.

  3. **Renae Gauchay** -- March 27, 2020 @ 12:02 am  Reply

I’ve made it even on Cod. It was dee-lish Whit!

### _welcome_ Hi, I'm Whitney!

Welcome to this delicious corner of the internet! Here I share the recipes my
family loves.

Read More »

____________

### Search Recipes:

__

### Reader Favorites

#### Mexican Street Corn Casserole

#### Scotcharoos

#### Sweet Boiled Corn

#### Crumbl Chocolate Chip Cookie Recipe

#### How to Make Ravioli

#### No-Bake Energy Bites

#### Chocolate Peanut Butter Protein Balls

#### Homemade Vanilla Ice Cream Recipe

### get new recipes via email:

Sign Up __

#### Almost Done!

To complete the subscription process, please click the link in the email I
just sent you. If you did not receive an email check your spam folder.
Otherwise, add whitney@saltandbaker.com to your address book and try again.

__Follow my blog with Bloglovin

### Summer Favorites

#### Jimmy Dean Breakfast Burritos

#### Nutella Milkshake

#### Lemon Raspberry Cake

#### Crumbl Cornbread Cookie

#### Old Fashioned Peach Cobbler

#### Crumbl Biscoff Butter Cookies

More Summer Favorites __

### As Seen In

### Stay Connected

Subscribe to get my favorite recipes sent to your email:

__

#### Almost Done!

To complete the subscription process, please click the link in the email I
just sent you. If you did not receive an email check your spam folder.
Otherwise, add whitney@saltandbaker.com to your address book and try again.

### Follow

  * Subscribe
  * Pinterest
  * Instagram
  * Facebook

### Browse

  * Recipes
  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * Shop

### Info

  * Home
  * About
  * Contact
  * Press

(C)2022 Salt & Baker.  
Privacy policy / Terms & Conditions / Accessibility

_Design byPurr._

