https://theflavoursofkitchen.com/lemon-honey-glazed-salmon/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * All Recipes
  * Chicken Recipes
  * Soups and Stews
  * Instant Pot Recipes
  * Pasta and Noodles
  * About
  * Search

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * All Recipes
  * Chicken Recipes
  * Soups and Stews
  * Instant Pot Recipes
  * Pasta and Noodles
  * About

* ×

Home » Recipes » Fish and Seafood

Last Updated: May 25, 2022 by Subhasmita

# Lemon Honey Glazed Salmon

Recipe

**_Sticky, sweet, and lemony, this Lemon Honey Glazed Salmon is incredibly
delicious. You can make a Salmon Rice bowl with this easy 20 mins recipe and
your dinner is sorted._**

Pin

Lemon Honey Glazed Salmon -Tender Salmon fillets with crispy skin in a
delicious garlic lemon honey glaze, sounds mouthwatering right? This healthy
salmon recipe is easy to put together in just 20 minutes with a handful of
ingredients. It is packed with so much flavor and you will definitely add this
to your weeknight dinner menu.

Salmon is high in protein and also rich in Omega'3 fatty acids. With its
delicate flavor and texture, it is easy on the widely preferred fish. It also
cooks faster.

## **How To Cook Salmon on the Stove**

Worried about cooking salmon on the stove, that it might fall apart while
flipping? What of it is undercooked or gets overcooked? With right techniques,
you can get perfectly cooked Slamon with a crispy skin every single time.

  1. It is always best to use fresh salmon fillets, as they are firm and easy to handle. If using frozen fillets, make sure you pick the ones that are thick. 
  2. Keep the skin on. It is easy to cook salmon with skin on, as it prevents the fillets from sticking at the bottom. And crispy skin Salmon is delicious. 
  3. Pat dry Salmon to remove extra moisture, to ensure the skin gets crispy. When the skin gets crispy, it leaves the pan easily. 
  4. Use a heavy bottom skillet to sear Salmon. It should be well seasoned to prevent sticking. 
  5. Use a large skillet and place the fillets a little apart. If kept too close, instead of searing, the fillet will start to steam and you will end up with soggy skin. 
  6. Another important step, once you put the salmon on a hot skillet, cook it undisturbed for 3-4 minutes. Once the skin is crispy and the bottom half of the fillet look firm, then flip. 

Pin

## Lemon Honey Glaze for Salmon

This Honey Lemon Galze for the salmon is everything. It is sweet, lemony and
also has a savoury note to it. A really well balanced sauce and trust me you
will end up licking the sauce right from the pan.

Cook minced ginger and minced garlic until aromatic. Then add soy sauce,
honey, Sriracha, chicken stock to the pan. Let it simmer and slightly thicken.
It needs to be of light syrup consistency, so that it to sticks to the salmon.

## Steps to Make Honey Glazed Salmon

I love it when recipes call for simple ingredients and involves few steps.
This Salmon recipe with lemon Honey glaze is super quick to make .

  1. Start by coating the salmon fillets with a mixture of flour, salt , pepper and paprika. Coating with flour makes the fillets crispy from all the sides and also the sauce sticks better. Shake off the extra flour. 
  2. Heat olive oil in a large cast iron skillet. When the pan is nicely hot, put the coated salmon fillets skin side down. Cook until crispy and flip. Remove the fillets and keep aside. 
  3. To the same skillet, add butter followed by minced garlic. Cook until aromatic, then add all the sauce ingrideitns. Cook until the sauce has thicken a bit. 
  4. Add the fillets back to the pan and toss in the sauce. 
  5. Serve.

Pin

## Serving Suggestion

Serve Honey Glazed Salmon along with some roasted veggies. I love to make rice
bowl with rice, glazed salmon and veggies like roasted Asparagus, Brocolli or
green beans.

## More Fish Recipes to try

Lemon Garlic Baked Tilapia

Pin

## Lemon Honey Glazed Salmon

Salmon fillets are cooked until crispy and then tossed in a sweet lemony sauce
made out of soy sauce, honey, and lemon juice.

No ratings yet

Print Pin Rate

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Asian

Keyword: Honey Glazed Salmon

Prep Time: 10 minutes

Cook Time: 15 minutes

Servings: 4 servings

Calories: 478kcal

Author: Subhasmita

### Ingredients

  * 4 Salmon fillets (approx 200 grams each) 
  * 2 tablespoon All purpose Flour
  * ½ teaspoon Salt
  * ½ teaspoon Paprika
  * ¼ teaspoon Pepper
  * 2 tablespoon butter
  * 1 tablespoon Olive oil

#### For Lemon Honey Glaze

  * 1 tabelspoon minced Garlic
  * ½ cup Honey
  * ¼ cup  Soy Sauce (not dark)
  * 2-3 tabelspoon Fresh Lemon Juice
  * ¼ cup low sodium Chicken Stock
  * 1 tablespoon Sriracha

### Instructions

  * In a bowl mix flour, salt, pepper and paprika. 

  * Remove the salmon from the refrigerator and let stand at room temperature for at least 10 minutes.

  * Pat dry salmon fillets in a kitchen towel. Put the fillets in the bowl and coat all the sides with flour. 

  * Heat Olive oil and 1 tablespoon of butter large cast-iron skillet for about 2 minutes. When it is evenly hot, shake off extra flour from the fillets and arrange on the pan skin side down.

  * Cook the fillets undisturbed for 3-4 minutes. Using a long flexible spatula, carefully flip the fillets upside down. Cook for another 2 minutes. Remove from the pan and keep covered. 

  * In a bowl add soy sauce, honey, Sriracha, Chicken stock, and Lemon Juice. Mix well.

  * To the same pan add the rest 1 tablespoon of butter. When the butter starts to bubble, saute minced garlic for about 30 seconds. 

  * Next, add the sauce mixture and cook it on low for about 4-5 minutes until the sauce starts to thicken. 

  * Place the cooked salmon fillets back on the pan skin side down. Spoon the sauce over the fillets and simmer for another 1-2 minutes. 

  * You can also place a few slices of lemon while placing the salmon fillets back in the pan.

  * Garnish with green onion and serve. 

### Nutrition

Serving: 1serving | Calories: 478kcal | Carbohydrates: 39g | Protein: 36g |
Fat: 20g | Saturated Fat: 6g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 5g | Monounsaturated Fat:
8g | Trans Fat: 1g | Cholesterol: 109mg | Sodium: 1313mg | Potassium: 918mg |
Fiber: 1g | Sugar: 35g | Vitamin A: 372IU | Vitamin C: 3mg | Calcium: 31mg |
Iron: 2mg

Tried this recipe?Mention @theflavoursofkitchen or tag #theflavoursofkitchen

Yummly1PinterestFacebookTwitterTelegramWhatsAppCopy

1

SHARE

## More Fish and Seafood

  * Chili Garlic Shrimp

  * Sweet Chili Shrimp Stir Fry

  * Thai Shrimp Curry

  * Goan Prawn Curry

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Don't subscribe All Replies to my comments Notify me of followup comments via
e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting.

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

###  **Hi, I'm Subha** !

I love cooking and trying new recipes. Here you will find recipes of food that
we love and which my family devours happily. More about me →

### Popular

  * Instant Pot Garlic Herb Chicken and Rice

  * Slow Cooker Mexican Chicken Soup

  * Italian Sausage & Orzo Soup

  * Sweet Chili Pineapple Sauce (Video Recipe)

### Latest

  * Pasta Alla Norma (Eggplant pasta)

  * Air Fryer Salmon

  * One-Pot Lemon Pasta

  * Roasted Lemon Pepper Zucchini

##

###  **Hi, I'm Subha** !

I love cooking and trying new recipes. Here you will find recipes of food that
we love and which my family devours happily. More about me →

### Popular

  * Coconut Ice Cream (No Ice Cream Maker)

  * Sweet and Spicy Boneless Chicken Thighs

  * Oven Baked Creamy Chicken Thighs

  * Instant Pot Chicken In Creamy Tomato Sauce

### Latest

  * Salmon Pasta in Creamy Lemon Sauce

  * Creamy Ranch Chicken

  * Cucumber Strawberry Salad

  * Pan-Seared Mediterranean Lamb Chop

##

Copyright© 2022 · The Flavours of Kitchen · Privacy Policy · Managed By Host
My Blog

1

1

SHARE

Share to...

BufferCopyEmailFacebookFlipboardHacker
NewsLineLinkedInMessengerMixPinterestPocketPrintRedditSMSTelegramTumblrTwitterVKWhatsAppXingYummly

