https://www.whiskaffair.com/honey-garlic-fish/


ï»¿

  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * Indian Recipes
  * Meal Type
    * Salads
    * Soups
    * Appetizers
    * Main Course
    * Desserts
  * My Cookbook
  * Subscribe
  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * Indian Recipes
  * My Cookbook

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

Ã—

Whisk Affair Â» Recipes Â» Meal Type Â» Main Course Â» Honey Garlic Fish

Published: Jul 21, 2016 | Last Updated On: Jun 4, 2020 by Neha Mathur

# Honey Garlic Fish

2066 shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe

 **Honey Garlic Fish** is a flavorful delicacy made using white fish and
exotic combination of honey, soy sauce, garlic. Serve it with quinoa or rice!
Here is how to make honey garlic fish.

##

## About the recipe

Honey Garlic Fish as the name suggests is a fine combination of cooked fish
and honey, garlic mix. Along with honey and garlic, fish is even flavored
using ingredients such as pepper, dark soy sauce, and lemon juice.

What I liked the most about Honey Garlic Fish was the way the mix of honey,
garlic, soy sauce and lemon juice got coated around the fish and
comprehensively enhanced its taste. I have used Basa for making Honey Garlic
Fish, you could even use Salmon or any other boneless fish of your preference.

Fish, as you know is one of the healthiest foods, it is also a good source of
omega-3 fatty acids. When we eat fish, our risk for heart diseases and strokes
decreases.Consumption of fish even reduces chances for depression and it is
even a good source of vitamin D.

So, eat fish with rice or quinoa, make Honey Garlic Fish or this wonderful
Indian fish curry Methi Machli, but consume delicacies made from fish whenever
you can! As of now, hereâ€™s my recipe for Honey Garlic Fish, do scribble down
its recipe:

**You might also like**

Honey Garlic Meatballs

Spicy Baked Tilapia

## Step by Step Recipe

Wash the fish fillet and pat it dry. Sprinkle some salt and pepper on both
sides. Heat Olive oil in a pan and cook the fillets for a minute on each side.

Mix Honey, Garlic, Soy Sauce and Lemon juice in a small bowl

Pour the mixture over fish fillets

Cook for 2-3 minutes till it reduces and becomes sticky

Loved this recipe?Click here to leave a review and give us a five star rating
â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…

## Honey Garlic Fish

Honey Garlic Fish is a flavourful delicacy made using white fish and exotic
combination of honey, soy sauce, garlic. Serve it with quinoa or rice! Here is
how to make honey garlic fish.

3.84 from 18 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Main

Cuisine: Asian

Prep Time: 5 minutes

Cook Time: 10 minutes

Total Time: 15 minutes

Servings: 3 people

Calories: 317kcal

Author: Neha Mathur

### Ingredients

1x2x3x

  * â–¢ 500 g Fish fillet (I used Basa. You can also use salmon or any other boneless filets)
  * â–¢ Salt to taste
  * â–¢ Â½ teaspoon Freshly cracked black pepper 
  * â–¢ 2 tablespoon Olive oil
  * â–¢ 3 tablespoon Honey
  * â–¢ 1 teaspoon Garlic (Minced)
  * â–¢ 2 tablespoon Dark soy sauce 
  * â–¢ 2 teaspoon Lemon juice
  * â–¢ 2 tablespoon Spring onion greens (Chopped)

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Instructions

  * Wash the fish fillet and pat it dry using a kitchen towel.

  * Sprinkle salt and black pepper on both the sides of the fillet.

  * Keep in mind that the soy sauce also have a lot of salt so use it accordingly.

  * Heat a pan.

  * Add olive oil and let the oil heat up.

  * Mix honey, garlic, soy sauce and lemon juice in a bowl.

  * Place the fish fillets on the heated pan and cook for a minute on each side.

  * Pour the liquid mixture over the fish fillets and let it cook for 2-3 minutes until it reduces and becomes sticky.

  * Garnish with spring onion greens.

  * Serve hot on a bed of quinoa or Rice.

### Nutrition

Calories: 317kcal | Carbohydrates: 19g | Protein: 34g | Fat: 12g | Saturated
Fat: 2g | Cholesterol: 83mg | Sodium: 758mg | Potassium: 528mg | Sugar: 17g |
Vitamin A: 40IU | Vitamin C: 2.3mg | Calcium: 17mg | Iron: 1.3mg

Pin this recipe for later use!I LOVE to see your creations so pin and mention
@WhiskAffair!

Sign up for regular updates?I would love to have you as part of my journey.
Click to sign up!

Â« Cilantro Lime Quinoa

Best Marinara Sauce Â»

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Amritha

March 12, 2019 at 2:38 pm

Tried it.. so easier to put together n tastes fantastic

Reply

    * Neha Mathur

March 13, 2019 at 4:43 am

Thnx a lot. Itâ€™s a lovely recipe ðŸ™‚

Reply

  2. Sheila Goldberg

April 06, 2019 at 12:17 am

  
Sounds great..I am going to make this.. thank you.

Reply

    * Neha Mathur

April 08, 2019 at 3:03 am

Do try and if you like it, leave us 5 starts ðŸ™‚

Reply

  3. J ehlers

May 20, 2019 at 6:52 pm

  
This was excellent and easy. A win-win.

Reply

    * Neha Mathur

May 21, 2019 at 2:47 am

Thnx a lot for trying ðŸ™‚

Reply

  4. Robin

September 08, 2020 at 8:13 pm

What could you use instead of soy sauce I am allergic to it? Thanks!

Reply

    * Neha Mathur

September 11, 2020 at 4:46 am

You can use Tamari.

Reply

### Did you make this recipe? Let me know! Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Sign me up for the newsletter!

Î”

## Primary Sidebar

### Hey! Nice to meet you

Hi! I'm Neha, Blogger & Recipe Expert behind Whisk Affair. I've nurtured Whisk
Affair since 2012 by trying & testing every recipe published. Be sure that it
will turn out good each time! Read More about meâ€¦

### Stay Connected

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

### My Cookbook

**Buy Now on Amazon**

### Most Popular Recipes

  * Hibachi Fried Rice

  * Lemon Garlic Baked Tilapia

  * Creamy Garlic Parmesan Sauce

  * Lemon Tea

  * Chicken Clear Soup

  * Scrambled Egg Whites

## Footer

* * *

^ back to top

**About**

About Neha

My Cookbook

**Stay Connected**

Sign up! for emails and updates

Contact Me

**Policies**

Privacy Policy

Terms & Conditions

Accessibility Policy

Copyright Â© 2022 **WhiskAffair Food LLP**

