https://www.spiceupthecurry.com/veg-american-chopsuey-recipe/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

Spice Up The Curry

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipes
    * By Category
    * By Ingredients
    * Festivals
    * Collections
  * Subscribe
  *     * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * YouTube

  * Search

menu icon

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Ingredients
  * Festivals
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

search icon

Search

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Ingredients
  * Festivals
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

×

Home » Cuisine » Indo-Chinese

# Veg american chopsuey recipe

Published: Dec 21, 2016 · Last Modified: Apr 14, 2020 by Kanan Patel / 3
Comments

Jump to Recipe Pin Recipe

**Veg american chopsuey recipe -** Crispy fried noodles are topped with indian
chinese flavored thick vegetable gravy.

This is not classic american chop suey dish which is made from beef and
macaroni. Instead **this is Indian chinese version.**

I have ordered this many times in India when we go for chinese dinner. This is
my dad’s favorite. But here, I have not eaten that many times since hubby is
fan of spicy food. He would prefer other dishes over this one.

**I enjoy this because of the combination of taste and texture.**

**The crispy noodles bed and it is topped with warm sweet and sour vegetable
sauce. Yumm!!**

Few point to keep in mind when making fried noodles. If not taken care then
you will end up with hard and chewy noodles. So follow the link mentioned
below for tips.

**You can fry the noodles a day before** and store in airtight container **.**
If you have noodles ready then making vegetable gravy will take only 15
minutes.

## How to make veg american chopsuey?

1) First fry the noodles. Check this recipe on how to make crispy fried
noodles.

2) Method in short: Boil the noodles till they are 80% cooked. Drain the water
completely. Spread the boiled noodles on a plate and let them dry out for 2
hours. Then sprinkle corn flour and toss the noodles. Deep fry into hot oil.

3) Prep all the ingredients for sauce.

4) Also chop up all the vegetables and keep them ready.

5) Let’s make the sauce. Take water in a saucepan, add cornstarch and mix till
there are no lumps. Turn the heat on medium.

6) While it is coming to a boil, add rest of the ingredients (sugar, vinegar,
chilli sauce, soy sauce and ketchup). Mix well.

7) Once it starts boiling, let it cook for 4-5 minutes. Do stir occasionally.

8) You will get really, nice and thick sauce. That time turn off the stove.
Keep it aside.

9) Now heat the oil in a pan on medium-high heat to saute the vegetables. Once
hot add ginger, garlic and celery. Saute for a minute or till the raw smell of
ginger garlic goes away.

10) Add all the veggies (onion, cabbage, capsicum, carrot, beans).

11) Mix and saute for 3-4 minutes. They should be partially cooked and
crunchy.

12) Now add prepared sauce, salt and pepper. Mix and let it come to a boil.
Turn off the stove.

13) Take fried noodles in a plate.

14) Pour the vegetables and sauce mixture on top. Serve right away.

_**Serving suggestion:**_ Serve along with your indian chinese menu.

**_Check out other similar recipes  
_**Chilli garlic noodles // Gobi manchurian gravy // Veg manchow soup

Step by Step Photos AboveWant to make it perfect first time? Don't forget to
check out Step-by-Step photo instructions and helpful Tips & Tricks !!

Print Pin

## Veg american chopsuey recipe

5 from 1 vote

Tried this recipe? Leave a comment and/or give ★ ratings

Veg american chopsuey recipe – Crispy fried noodles are topped with indian
chinese flavored thick vegetable gravy.

Author: Kanan

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Indo Chinese

Calories: 406kcal

Servings 2 servings

Prep Time 20 minutes

Cook Time 20 minutes

Total Time 40 minutes

US measuring cups are used (1 cup = 240 ml) See details

### Ingredients  

1x2x3x

#### For sauce:

  * ▢ 1 cup Water
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Corn flour (corn starch)
  * ▢ 2 teaspoons Sugar
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon White distilled vinegar
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Chilli sauce
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Soy sauce
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons Tomato Ketchup

#### For vegetables mixture:

  * ▢ 1 tablespoons Oil
  * ▢ 2 teaspoons Celery chopped finely
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon Ginger chopped finely
  * ▢ 2 teaspoons Garlic chopped finely
  * ▢ ⅓ cup Red onion sliced
  * ▢ ⅓ cup Cabbage shredded
  * ▢ ⅓ cup Capsicum (Green bell pepper) cut into long strips
  * ▢ ¼ cup Green beans (French beans) sliced diagonally
  * ▢ ¼ cup Carrot julienned
  * ▢ Salt to taste
  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon Black pepper powder or to taste

#### For serving:

  * ▢ 150 grams Fried noodles
  * ▢ Spring onion (green onion or scallion) Green stalk, chopped finely for garnishing

### Instructions

#### Preparation:

  * Fry the noodles. The detailed recipe, instruction link given below in stepwise photos.

  * Prep all the ingredients for sauce.

  * Also chop up all the vegetables and keep them ready.

#### Making sauce:

  * Take water in a saucepan, add cornstarch and mix till there are no lumps. Turn the heat on medium.

  * While it is coming to a boil, add rest of the ingredients (sugar, vinegar, chilli sauce, soy sauce and ketchup). Mix well.

  * Once it starts boiling, let it cook for 4-5 minutes. Do stir occasionally.

  * You will get really, nice and thick sauce.

  * That time turn off the stove. Keep it aside.

#### Making veg american chopsuey recipe:

  * Now heat the oil in a pan on medium-high heat to saute the vegetables.

  * Once hot add ginger, garlic and celery. Saute for a minute.

  * Add all the veggies. Mix and saute for 3-4 minutes. They should be partially cooked and crunchy.

  * Now add prepared sauce, salt and pepper.

  * Mix and let it come to a boil. Turn off the stove.

  * Take fried noodles in a plate.

  * Pour the vegetables and sauce mixture on top and serve.

### Nutrition

Calories: 406kcal | Carbohydrates: 62.8g | Protein: 8.7g | Fat: 7.7g |
Saturated Fat: 0.6g | Sodium: 1496mg | Potassium: 323mg | Fiber: 2.6g | Sugar:
11.1g | Vitamin A: 2800IU | Vitamin C: 66mg | Calcium: 40mg | Iron: 1.1mg

*Nutrition information is a rough estimate for 1 serving

Did you make this recipe?Snap a pic, mention @spice.up.the.curry or tag
#spiceupthecurry. I would love to see.

« Fruit cream recipe

Matar ki sabzi recipe (Green Peas Sabzi) »

649 shares

  * Facebook644
  * Pinterest5
  * WhatsApp

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Nilesh

December 21, 2016 at 11:16 pm

Thank you for such lovely recipe. Surely gonna try it. can We replace celery
in here? Never used it before.

Reply

    * Kanan

December 21, 2016 at 11:18 pm

you can skip celery. It will still taste good without it

Reply

  2. Nirav

December 21, 2016 at 11:16 am

heard of this recipe but never know how to make it but let me tell you it
looks unique.

thanks,

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi, I'm Kanan Patel**. I share easy, delicious vegetarian recipes (mostly
Indian) and Eggless baking recipes that you can sure count on!

More about me →

### Indian Spice Box

### Top Recipes

  * Eggless Chocolate Chip Cookies

  * World’s BEST Eggless Brownies

  * Punjabi Shahi Paneer (Restaurant Style)

  * Chipotle Sauce

  * Eggless Banana Muffins Recipe

  * Frankie Recipe (Bombay Veg Frankie Roll)

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * About Kanan
  * Privacy Policy
  * Disclosure
  * Accessibility Policy
  * Nutrition Disclaimer

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates. Plus get a bonus cooking tips!

### Resources

  * Conversion Chart
  * Glossary
  * Recipe Index
  * Contact

### As Featured In

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2022 Spice Up The Curry

