https://www.sailusfood.com/indian-chinese-fusion-american-chop-suey-vegetarian/


__

  * Home
  * All Recipes
    * Andhra Recipes
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Indo Chinese Recipes
    * Indian Vegetarian Recipes
    * North Indian Recipes
    * South Indian Recipes
  * Andhra
  * Breakfast
  * Lunch Box
  * Snacks
  * Festivals

__

Search

__

All Recipes Â» Indian Chinese Fusion ~ American Chop Suey (Vegetarian)

# Indian Chinese Fusion ~ American Chop Suey (Vegetarian)

American Chop Suey - Vegetarian

I happen to be blessed with quite a few good chefs/cooks in my life, who are
more than willing to share their culinary knowledge and tips. Most of the Indo
Chinese dishes that make their way to this space are attributed to these kind
souls. God bless them. Its no secret that I love Indian Chinese fusion
cuisine. On many a special occasion its Indian Chinese fusion food for
starters and Sweet Corn Chicken Soup is a must. ðŸ™‚

Nehal is extremely fond of American Chop Suey and I created magic at my stove,
replicating the restaurant flavor. He loved it and am one happy mommy! Must
mention that the fried egg you see in the picture above is not part of the
Chop Suey recipe. Nehal loves egg with Chop Suey and I wanted him to feel like
he was eating in a restaurant. ðŸ™‚

American Chop Suey Vegetarian Recipe

Prep & Cooking Time: 45 mts

Serves 4 persons

Cuisine: Indo-Chinese

.

Ingredients:

2 onions, each cut into 8 pieces

1 carrot, cut into thick pieces

8-10 french beans, cut into 1â€³ pieces

1 cup cabbage, cut into big pieces

4-5 babycorns, cut diagonally into two to three pieces

2 green bell peppers, cut each into 8 pieces

1 tsp light soya sauce

1 1/2 tsps chilli sauce

3/4 tbsp vinegar

1 1/2 tbsps tomato sauce

1 tsp brown sugar

1 1/2 tbsps cornflour combined in 1 cup water

salt to taste

black pepper powder to season

2 tbsps sesame oil or peanut oil

**For fried noodles:**

3 cups par-boiled noodles, drained and dried on a kitchen towel, sprinkle a
tbsp of cornflour and mix

oil for deep frying

1 To parboil vegetables, boil a liter of water with 1/2 tsp salt. Add carrot,
cabbage and beans to the boiling water and cook for 2-3 mts. Remove from heat,
strain and pour cold water over the vegetables and strain again. Keep aside.  
2 Heat oil in a large wok, once the oil is hot, add the onions and saute on
high for 2 mts.  
3 Add the baby corn and capsicum and saute for 5 mts. Add parboiled vegetables
and saute for another 3 mts.  
4 Add soy sauce, vinegar, chilli sauce, tomato sauce, black pepper, sugar and
salt and mix. Add 2 cups of water and bring to a boil. Reduce flame and cook
for 3-4 mts. Add the corn flour along with water and go on stirring
continuously till it thickens slightly and coats the vegetables. Remove from
heat and keep aside.  
5 To prepare fried noodles, heat oil for deep frying in a heavy bottomed
vessel. Once hot, reduce flame to medium and place around 1 1/2 cups of
noodles (if the vessel is small, add only one cup) and cook till it turns
golden brown. Remove onto absorbent paper and repeat with rest of the noodles.  
6 To serve, place the fried noodles on a plate. Ladle the vegetables over the
bed of fried noodles and top with a bull's eye (fried egg). Topping with egg
is purely optional. Serve warm.

Note:

Alternately, you can bake the noodles till crisp. Maggi or Top Ramen Noodles
work best. Grease a baking tray, break the noodles and place on the tray. Bake
at 200 C for 10-12 mts till crisp and brown. After 5 mts of baking, mix them
well and bake further for 6-7 mts.

### Share:

  * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
  *   * Click to print (Opens in new window)
  * More
  * 

  * Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
  *   * Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
  * Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
  *   * 

__

__

__

### Recommended

#### Paal poli recipe

__

#### Khara bath recipe

__

#### Gutti vankaya fry - Andhra style stuffed brinjal fry recipe

__

#### Spicy chicken curry recipe

__

#### Raju gari kodi pulao recipe - restaurant style andhra chicken pulao

__

#### Khatta meetha mirch ka achar recipe

__

#### Bhindi fry recipe

__

#### Beetroot fry recipe Andhra style

__

#### Kara chutney for idli

__

#### Kanchipuram idli recipe

__

#### Egg gravy recipe

__

#### Hyderabadi khichdi recipe

__

#### Gutti dondakaya recipe - Andhra style stuffed tindora fry

__

#### Avocado banana smoothie recipe

__

#### Saravana Bhavan kurma recipe

__

#### Masala sevai recipe with instant rice noodles

__

#### Thakkali chutney recipe, tomato chutney Tamil Nadu style

__

#### Wheat rava idli recipe, instant godhuma rava idli

__

#### Ugadi 2017

__

#### Shankarpali recipe

__

### Categories

  * All Recipes
  * Andhra Recipes
  * Ayurvedic Cooking - Ayurveda Recipes
  * Bengali Food Recipes
  * Brown Rice Recipes
  * Cake Recipes
  * Cereals/Grains
  * Chaat Recipes
  * Cookie Recipes
  * Easy Pasta Recipes
  * Eggless Cake & Cookie Recipes
  * Eggless Dessert Recipes
  * Featured Recipes
  * Festival Foods
  * Flour
  * Flour Recipes
  * Flowers
  * Fruit Recipes
  * Green Leafy Vegetables
  * Greens/Herbs
  * Guest Blogger
  * Gujarati Recipes
  * Home Gardening
  * How To Cook
  * Hyderabadi Recipes
  * Indian Bread Recipes
  * Indian Breakfast Recipes
  * Indian Chicken Recipes
  * Indian Chinese Recipes
  * Indian Chutney Recipes - Pachadi
  * Indian Curry Recipes
  * Indian Dal Recipes
  * Indian Drink - Sharbat Recipes
  * Indian Egg Recipes
  * Indian Festivals
  * Indian Fry Recipes
  * Indian Lentil Recipes
  * Indian Meat Recipes
  * Indian Milk Recipes
  * Indian Non-Vegetarian Recipes
  * Indian Paneer Recipes
  * Indian Pickles
  * Indian Recipes Archives
  * Indian Rice recipes
  * Indian Seafood Recipes
  * Indian Snacks and Starter Recipes
  * Indian Soup Recipes
  * Indian Sweets Recipes
  * Indian Vegan Recipes
  * Indian Vegetarian Recipes
  * Ingredients
  * Italian Food
  * Kerala Recipes
  * Kids
  * Kodava Cuisine
  * Konkani Recipes
  * Lebanese Recipes
  * Legumes/Pulses
  * Lunch Box Recipes
  * Maharashtrian Recipes
  * Malabar Recipes
  * Mangalorean Recipes
  * Mexican Recipes
  * Middle Eastern Recipes
  * Misc
  * Mysore Recipes
  * Navratri Recipes
  * North Indian Recipes
  * Personal
  * Podi Recipes
  * Raw Food Recipes
  * Recipes Vegetable Dishes
  * Salad Recipes
  * Sindhi Cuisine
  * South Indian Recipes
  * Spices
  * Sweet Dessert Recipes
  * Tandoori Recipes
  * Thai Recipes
  * Vegetable

  * Â© Sailu's Kitchen
  * About
  * Contact
  * __
  * __
  * __

Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel

Post was not sent - check your email addresses!

Email check failed, please try again

Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.

