https://lookandcook.com/recipe/drums-of-heaven-recipe/


__

  * My Recipes
  * Shopping List
  * Discover
  * Read
  * _Login_
    * Signup

Pause __

Watch Video

Cook __1 2 3

Prepare with Step by Step Video

* * *

# DRUMS OF HEAVEN RECIPE

DRUMS OF HEAVEN (LC14304) - A slight twist to your ordinary chicken lollipop,
this chicken wings fried and tossed in schezwan sauce is a famous appetizer.
The sauce make the chicken more succulent.

____

____

* * *

Prep Time : 20 Min

Cooking Time : 20 Min

Resting Time : 40 Min

Ingredients

Instructions

Equipment

* * *

##### Recipe Recommendations

CHEESY MEATBALL BAKE

### CHEESY MEATBALL BAKE

* * *

Look and Cook

__30 M

GREEN LAMB CHOPS RECIPE

Green Lamb chops recipe (#LC14050): Our succulent Green chops are grilled till
just right, slathered with a mariande of coriander, mint and green chillies to
make a dish fit for the kings.

### GREEN LAMB CHOPS RECIPE

* * *

Look and Cook

__6 H , 10 M

CHICKEN AND LEEKS VOL AU VENT RECIPE

CHICKEN AND LEEKS VOL AU VENT RECIPE (#LC14099): Chicken leeks vol au vent
recipe is a little puff pastry cases that are filled with chicken and leeks.
The filling can be made with mushrooms and leeks as well which will be called
mushroom and leeks vol au vent. A delicious canape that you should try!
Garnish it with dry parsely and dill.

### CHICKEN AND LEEKS VOL AU VENT RECIPE

* * *

Look and Cook

__50 M

TANDOORI CHICKEN RECIPE

Tandoori Chicken (#LC14013): Tandoori chicken is a grilled chicken marinated
with yogurt, lemon juices and plenty of spices in the oven. Traditionally this
marinated chicken is made in a 'Tandoor' - a type of cylindrical clay oven,
thus got the name Tandoori chicken.

### TANDOORI CHICKEN RECIPE

* * *

Look and Cook

__1 H , 20 M

* * *

##### Ingredient

Chicken Thighs

24 Piece

Washed & Cleaned

Egg

4 Number

Cornflour

100 Grams

Chicken stock

20 Grams

White pepper ground

10 Grams

Salt

to taste

Garlic

50 Grams

Finely chopped

Ginger

30 Grams

Finely chopped

Fresh Coriander

40 Grams

Finely chopped

green chilli

10 Grams

Finely chopped

Red chilli paste

50 Grams

Vegetable Oil

350 Milliliter

for Frying

Onions

100 Grams

Finely chopped

Tomato Ketchup

40 Grams

Water

As required

Spring onions

30 Grams

for Garnish

Fresh Coriander

for garnish

Add to shopping list

* * *

##### How to make drums of heaven recipe?

1\. The ingredients quantity can be set as per your serving requirements. We
recommend you set before you start cooking.

2\. To prepare the lolipop, cut the chicken wings meat from one end to show
the bone and give the shape of a lollipop.

3\. To marinate the chicken, along with chicken wings, mix together egg, corn
flour, chicken stock powder, salt & white pepper powder.

4\. Add finely chopped garlic, ginger, coriander leaves, green chili & red
chili paste.

5\. Mix them well & marinate the chicken wings for 2 -3 hours.

6\. To fry the chicken, heat the oil in a wok & deep fry the marinated chicken
wings over medium heat.

7\. Fry both the sides of the chicken about 5 - 7 minutes or until it turns
crisp & golden color.

8\. Heat the oil in a pan & add finely chopped onion, garlic, ginger, green
chili & red chili paste.

9\. Saute for 2- 3 minutes or until onion turns translucent. Add tomato
ketchup & mix well.

10\. Add salt, chicken stock powder, white pepper powder.

11\. Add finely chopped coriander leaves & pour water to give a thick
consistency of the sauce.

12\. Add cornflour mixture & mix well.

13\. Finally add the fried chicken pieces, finely chopped coriander leaves &
spring onion in the sauce.

14\. Serve hot.

* * *

##### Equipment

Bowl - Small

Chopping Board

Cooking Pot - Kadai

Flat Bottomed pan

Knife

Spatula -Rubber

* * *

##### Cuisines

Chinese Recipes

##### Keywords

chicken in spicy sauce  chicken lollipop  chicken recipe  drums of heaven
party recipe

×

Shopping List

  * All 0 Items

  * My Items

0 items

Sort by :

Recipe

Final Result

My items

Household

Condiments

Take 0 items shopping

Copy Link Send List Print

×

Household

Take 0 items shopping

  
Copy Link Send List Print

  

#### Shopping List With 0 Items

  

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

### Company

  * About Us
  * Contact Us
  * Food Photography
  * Advertise With Us
  * Subscription Plan

### Support

  * FAQ
  * Terms and Conditions Of Use
  * Privacy Policy
  * Refund Policy

