https://www.swiggy.com/restaurants/bong-republic-lake-town-baguihati-kolkata-317254


Set locationClick to Choose Location

  * 0Cart

  * Sign In

  * Help

HomeKolkataBaguihatiBONG REPUBLIC

# BONG REPUBLIC

\--Closed₹ 200 for two

Restaurant ClosedChinese, Tibetan

Lake Town, Baguihati

  

\--

Too Few Ratings

Closed

For Delivery

₹ 200

Cost for two

Offer

Flat ₹30 cashback with Paytm | Use code WELCOME50

Favourite

Veg Only

Main Course ( Non Veg )

Chicken Main Course

Fish Main Course

Prawn Main Course

Noodles

Others

Chow ( Non Veg )

Noodles ( Veg )

Main Course ( Veg )

Starters ( Veg )

Starters ( Non Veg )

Fried Rice

Fried Rice ( Veg )

Fried Rice ( Non Veg )

Momos

Momos ( Veg )

Momos ( Non Veg )

Soups

Soups ( Veg )

Soups ( Non Veg )

## Main Course ( Non Veg )

### Chicken Main Course

8 items

Non-veg item. Chilli Chicken Gravy (8pcs). Costs: 219 rupees, Description:
Chilli chicken is a sweet, spicy & slightly sour crispy appetizer made with
chicken, bell peppers, garlic, chilli sauce & soya sauce. Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Chicken Gravy (8pcs)

219

Unavailable

Chilli chicken is a sweet, spicy & slightly sour crispy appetizer made with
chicken, bell peppers, garlic, chilli sauce & soya sauce.

Non-veg item. Hong Kong Chicken Gravy (8pcs). Costs: 229 rupees, Description:
Hong kong chicken is one of the most delicious chicken recipes cooked as per
the techniques of hong kong cuisine. This recipe has a perfect blend of
mouthwatering flavors as ingredients like ginger garlic paste, cashew nuts,
coriander leaves, etc. Are used in it. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Hong Kong Chicken Gravy (8pcs)

229

Unavailable

Hong kong chicken is one of the most delicious chicken recipes cooked as per
the techniques of hong kong cuisine. This recipe has a perfect blend of
mouthwatering flavors as ingredients like ginger garlic paste, cashew nuts,
coriander leaves, etc. Are used in it.

Non-veg item. Hunan Chicken (8pcs). Costs: 229 rupees, Description: Hunan
chicken is a stir-fried dish that is just coated in a dusting of cornstarch
with a spicy chili paste sauce coating a mixture of vegetables. Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Hunan Chicken (8pcs)

229

Unavailable

Hunan chicken is a stir-fried dish that is just coated in a dusting of
cornstarch with a spicy chili paste sauce coating a mixture of vegetables.

Non-veg item. Sweet N Sour Chicken Gravy (8pcs). Costs: 239 rupees,
Description: Sweet and sour chicken - the name says it all; a scrumptious
snack recipe of fried veg balls smeared in a lip-smacking honey-vinegar sauce.
Prepared with fried chicken pieces, onions, carrots, capsicum, honey, soy
sauce and vinegar; this easy-to-make appetizer recipe is loaded with succulent
flavors. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Sweet N Sour Chicken Gravy (8pcs)

239

Unavailable

Sweet and sour chicken - the name says it all; a scrumptious snack recipe of
fried veg balls smeared in a lip-smacking honey-vinegar sauce. Prepared with
fried chicken pieces, onions, carrots, capsicum, honey, soy sauce and vinegar;
this easy-to-make appetizer recipe is loaded with succulent flavors.

Non-veg item. Hot Garlic Chicken Gravy (8pcs). Costs: 219 rupees, Description:
Fried chicken pieces bathed in chef's special hot garlic sauces. Thi dish is
loaded with spicy-garlicky flavoures with right balanced spices. Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Hot Garlic Chicken Gravy (8pcs)

219

Unavailable

Fried chicken pieces bathed in chef's special hot garlic sauces. Thi dish is
loaded with spicy-garlicky flavoures with right balanced spices.

Non-veg item. Garlic Chicken Gravy (8pcs). Costs: 219 rupees, Description:
Boneless chicken pieces deeply fried and tossed in chef's special garlicky
sauces, a simple yet delicious food. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Garlic Chicken Gravy (8pcs)

219

Unavailable

Boneless chicken pieces deeply fried and tossed in chef's special garlicky
sauces, a simple yet delicious food.

Non-veg item. Schezwan Chicken (8pcs). Costs: 229 rupees, Description: Chef's
prepared schezwan sauces tastes heavenly delicious when it is tossed with
nicely fried chicken pieces. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Schezwan Chicken (8pcs)

229

Unavailable

Chef's prepared schezwan sauces tastes heavenly delicious when it is tossed
with nicely fried chicken pieces.

Non-veg item. Chicken Manchurian Gravy (8pcs). Costs: 219 rupees, Description:
Marinated chicken pieces bathed in hot and tangy flavoured sauces with
selected chinese spices. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Manchurian Gravy (8pcs)

219

Unavailable

Marinated chicken pieces bathed in hot and tangy flavoured sauces with
selected chinese spices.

### Fish Main Course

7 items

Non-veg item. Chilli Fish Gravy (8pcs). Costs: 249 rupees, Description: A very
popular dish among all fish lovers. Vetki fish fillets marinated and deep
fried until crispy and then it is bathed in chef's special sauces and spices.
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Fish Gravy (8pcs)

249

Unavailable

A very popular dish among all fish lovers. Vetki fish fillets marinated and
deep fried until crispy and then it is bathed in chef's special sauces and
spices.

Non-veg item. Fish Manchurian Gravy (8pcs). Costs: 249 rupees, Description:
Deep fried vetki fish fillets tossed in chef's special manchurian sauce and
spices. The tangy flavoures of the lemon gives a brilliant taste to your taste
buds. Its just a wow dish with love. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Fish Manchurian Gravy (8pcs)

249

Unavailable

Deep fried vetki fish fillets tossed in chef's special manchurian sauce and
spices. The tangy flavoures of the lemon gives a brilliant taste to your taste
buds. Its just a wow dish with love.

Non-veg item. Hot Garlic Fish Gravy (8pcs). Costs: 249 rupees, Description:
Marinated fish fillets, deeply fried and tossed in hot garlic sauce with right
choices of spices. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Hot Garlic Fish Gravy (8pcs)

249

Unavailable

Marinated fish fillets, deeply fried and tossed in hot garlic sauce with right
choices of spices.

Non-veg item. Schezwan Fish Gravy (8pcs). Costs: 259 rupees, Description:
Vetki fish fillets fried and tossed in house prepared schezwan sauce and
flavourd with ginger-garlic and other slected choices of spices. Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Schezwan Fish Gravy (8pcs)

259

Unavailable

Vetki fish fillets fried and tossed in house prepared schezwan sauce and
flavourd with ginger-garlic and other slected choices of spices.

Non-veg item. Hong Kong Fish Gravy (8pcs). Costs: 259 rupees, Description:
Hong kong fish is one of the most delicious fish recipes cooked as per the
techniques of hong kong cuisine. This recipe has a perfect blend of
mouthwatering flavors as ingredients like ginger garlic paste, cashew nuts,
coriander leaves, etc. Are used in it. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Hong Kong Fish Gravy (8pcs)

259

Unavailable

Hong kong fish is one of the most delicious fish recipes cooked as per the
techniques of hong kong cuisine. This recipe has a perfect blend of
mouthwatering flavors as ingredients like ginger garlic paste, cashew nuts,
coriander leaves, etc. Are used in it.

Non-veg item. Sweet N Sour Fish Gravy (8pcs). Costs: 269 rupees, Description:
Sweet and sour fish - the name says it all; a scrumptious snack recipe of
fried fish fillets smeared in a lip-smacking honey-vinegar sauce. Prepared
with fried fish pieces, onions, carrots, capsicum, honey, soy sauce and
vinegar; this easy-to-make appetizer recipe is loaded with succulent flavors.
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Sweet N Sour Fish Gravy (8pcs)

269

Unavailable

Sweet and sour fish - the name says it all; a scrumptious snack recipe of
fried fish fillets smeared in a lip-smacking honey-vinegar sauce. Prepared
with fried fish pieces, onions, carrots, capsicum, honey, soy sauce and
vinegar; this easy-to-make appetizer recipe is loaded with succulent flavors.

Non-veg item. Hunan Fish (8pcs). Costs: 259 rupees, Description: Tenderised
vetki fish fillets, stir-fried that is just coated in a dusting of cornstarch
with a spicy chili paste sauce coating a mixture of vegetables. Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Hunan Fish (8pcs)

259

Unavailable

Tenderised vetki fish fillets, stir-fried that is just coated in a dusting of
cornstarch with a spicy chili paste sauce coating a mixture of vegetables.

### Prawn Main Course

7 items

Non-veg item. Chilli Prawn Gravy (8pcs). Costs: 249 rupees, Description: A
quick prawn recipe loaded with big flavours! seared prawns smothered in a
spicy, sticky asian sauce, these asian chilli garlic prawns will have you
smacking your lips in utter satisfaction, feeling like you’ve just dined at a
fancy modern chinese restaurant. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Prawn Gravy (8pcs)

249

Unavailable

A quick prawn recipe loaded with big flavours! seared prawns smothered in a
spicy, sticky asian sauce, these asian chilli garlic prawns will have you
smacking your lips in utter satisfaction, feeling like you’ve just dined at a
fancy modern chinese restaurant.

Non-veg item. Prawn Manchurian Gravy (8pcs). Costs: 249 rupees, Description:
Prawn manchurian is a recipe which was on everyone's mind for quite some time.
It is one dish which evryone order in any restaurants..it is totally
delicious. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Prawn Manchurian Gravy (8pcs)

249

Unavailable

Prawn manchurian is a recipe which was on everyone's mind for quite some time.
It is one dish which evryone order in any restaurants..it is totally
delicious.

Non-veg item. Hunan Prawn Gravy (8pcs). Costs: 259 rupees, Description:
Tenderised prawn, stir-fried that is just coated in a dusting of cornstarch
with a spicy chili paste sauce coating a mixture of vegetables. Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Hunan Prawn Gravy (8pcs)

259

Unavailable

Tenderised prawn, stir-fried that is just coated in a dusting of cornstarch
with a spicy chili paste sauce coating a mixture of vegetables.

Non-veg item. Hong Kong Prawns (8pcs). Costs: 259 rupees, Description: Hong
kong prawns is one of the most delicious prawn recipes cooked as per the
techniques of hong kong cuisine. This recipe has a perfect blend of
mouthwatering flavors as ingredients like ginger garlic paste, cashew nuts,
coriander leaves, etc. Are used in it. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Hong Kong Prawns (8pcs)

259

Unavailable

Hong kong prawns is one of the most delicious prawn recipes cooked as per the
techniques of hong kong cuisine. This recipe has a perfect blend of
mouthwatering flavors as ingredients like ginger garlic paste, cashew nuts,
coriander leaves, etc. Are used in it.

Non-veg item. Hot Garlic Prawn Gravy (8pcs). Costs: 249 rupees, Description:
Crispy fried prawn balls tossed in chef's special hot garlic sauce. It is
finger licking delicious. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Hot Garlic Prawn Gravy (8pcs)

249

Unavailable

Crispy fried prawn balls tossed in chef's special hot garlic sauce. It is
finger licking delicious.

Non-veg item. Sweet N Sour Prawns (8pcs). Costs: 269 rupees, Description:
Sweet and sour prawns - the name says it all; a scrumptious snack recipe of
fried prawn balls smeared in a lip-smacking honey-vinegar sauce. Prepared with
fried prawn pieces, onions, carrots, capsicum, honey, soy sauce and vinegar;
this easy-to-make appetizer recipe is loaded with succulent flavors. Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Sweet N Sour Prawns (8pcs)

269

Unavailable

Sweet and sour prawns - the name says it all; a scrumptious snack recipe of
fried prawn balls smeared in a lip-smacking honey-vinegar sauce. Prepared with
fried prawn pieces, onions, carrots, capsicum, honey, soy sauce and vinegar;
this easy-to-make appetizer recipe is loaded with succulent flavors.

Non-veg item. Schezwan Prawn Gravy (8pcs). Costs: 259 rupees, Description:
Prawns in schezwan sauce is one of the best chinese recipes of prawns. The
schezwan sauce is known for its distinct flavour and can uplift the flavours
of any recipe. It combines well with prawns to make this main course non-
vegetarian delight. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Schezwan Prawn Gravy (8pcs)

259

Unavailable

Prawns in schezwan sauce is one of the best chinese recipes of prawns. The
schezwan sauce is known for its distinct flavour and can uplift the flavours
of any recipe. It combines well with prawns to make this main course non-
vegetarian delight.

## Noodles

### Others

1 item

Veg Item. Veg Hong Kong Noodles. Costs: 129 rupees, Description: It is an
popular indo chinese version of noodles recipe made with a generous amount of
chopped veggies prepared in hong kong style. This dish is loaded with
spicyness of love. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Hong Kong Noodles

129

Unavailable

It is an popular indo chinese version of noodles recipe made with a generous
amount of chopped veggies prepared in hong kong style. This dish is loaded
with spicyness of love.

### Chow ( Non Veg )

7 items

Non-veg item. Egg Schezwan Noodles. Costs: 135 rupees, Description: Indo-
chinese prepared noodles tossed with chef's special schezwan sauces and
spices. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Egg Schezwan Noodles

135

Unavailable

Indo-chinese prepared noodles tossed with chef's special schezwan sauces and
spices.

Non-veg item. Egg Noodles. Costs: 125 rupees, Description: Chunks of egg
tossed in fluffy fresh noodles and flavoured with right spices and sauces like
soy, chilli etc. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Egg Noodles

125

Unavailable

Chunks of egg tossed in fluffy fresh noodles and flavoured with right spices
and sauces like soy, chilli etc.

Non-veg item. Chicken Noodles. Costs: 139 rupees, Description: Soft juicy
chicken pieces tossed with chunks of eggs and fluffy noodles and flavoured
with right balanced spices. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Noodles

139

Unavailable

Soft juicy chicken pieces tossed with chunks of eggs and fluffy noodles and
flavoured with right balanced spices.

Non-veg item. Chicken Schezwan Noodles. Costs: 148 rupees, Description:
Chicken chow tossed in house prepared schezwan sauces with right balanced
chinese spices. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Schezwan Noodles

148

Unavailable

Chicken chow tossed in house prepared schezwan sauces with right balanced
chinese spices.

Non-veg item. Prawn Schezwan Noodles. Costs: 179 rupees, Description: Fluffy
chow tossed with perfectly prepared prawns and flavoured with house prepared
schezwan sauces. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Prawn Schezwan Noodles

179

Unavailable

Fluffy chow tossed with perfectly prepared prawns and flavoured with house
prepared schezwan sauces.

Non-veg item. Prawn Noodles. Costs: 169 rupees, Description: Boiled prawns
perfectly fried and tossed with chow flavoured with vinegar, soy and other
choices of spices. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Prawn Noodles

169

Unavailable

Boiled prawns perfectly fried and tossed with chow flavoured with vinegar, soy
and other choices of spices.

Non-veg item. Mix Noodles. Costs: 209 rupees, Description: This dish is
comprises of scrambled eggs, shredded chicken pieces & prawns with right
choices of sauces and spices. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Mix Noodles

209

Unavailable

This dish is comprises of scrambled eggs, shredded chicken pieces & prawns
with right choices of sauces and spices.

### Noodles ( Veg )

4 items

Veg Item. Veg Noodles. Costs: 99 rupees, Description: It is an popular indo
chinese version of noodles recipe made with a generous amount of chopped
veggies. It is an ideal lunch box or tiffin box recipe for both kids and
adults, but can also be served as an evening snack. Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Veg Noodles

99

Unavailable

It is an popular indo chinese version of noodles recipe made with a generous
amount of chopped veggies. It is an ideal lunch box or tiffin box recipe for
both kids and adults, but can also be served as an evening snack.

Veg Item. Veg Schezwan Noodles. Costs: 119 rupees, Description: It is an
popular indo chinese version of noodles recipe made with a generous amount of
chopped veggies tossed with chef's prepared schewan sauce and selected choices
of spices Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Schezwan Noodles

119

Unavailable

It is an popular indo chinese version of noodles recipe made with a generous
amount of chopped veggies tossed with chef's prepared schewan sauce and
selected choices of spices

Veg Item. Veg Gravy Noodles. Costs: 129 rupees, Description: It is an popular
indo chinese version of noodles recipe made with a generous amount of chopped
veggies indulged into thick and delicious flavoured soup Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Veg Gravy Noodles

129

Unavailable

It is an popular indo chinese version of noodles recipe made with a generous
amount of chopped veggies indulged into thick and delicious flavoured soup

Veg Item. Veg Hong Kong Noodles . Costs: 125 rupees, Description: It is an
popular hong kong version of noodles recipe made with a generous amount of
chopped veggies and bell peppers and loaded with spicyness of hong kong and
heat warming flavoures. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Hong Kong Noodles

125

Unavailable

It is an popular hong kong version of noodles recipe made with a generous
amount of chopped veggies and bell peppers and loaded with spicyness of hong
kong and heat warming flavoures.

## Main Course ( Veg )

11 items

Veg Item. Sweet N Sour Veg (8pcs). Costs: 169 rupees, Description: Sweet and
sour veg - the name says it all; a scrumptious snack recipe of fried veg balls
smeared in a lip-smacking honey-vinegar sauce. Prepared with veg balls,
onions, carrots, capsicum, honey, soy sauce and vinegar; this easy-to-make
appetizer recipe is loaded with succulent flavors. Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Sweet N Sour Veg (8pcs)

169

Unavailable

Sweet and sour veg - the name says it all; a scrumptious snack recipe of fried
veg balls smeared in a lip-smacking honey-vinegar sauce. Prepared with veg
balls, onions, carrots, capsicum, honey, soy sauce and vinegar; this easy-to-
make appetizer recipe is loaded with succulent flavors.

Veg Item. Veg Hot Garlic Gravy (8pcs). Costs: 149 rupees, Description: Crispy
fried veg ball bathed in chef's special hot garlic sauces. Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Veg Hot Garlic Gravy (8pcs)

149

Unavailable

Crispy fried veg ball bathed in chef's special hot garlic sauces.

Veg Item. Mushroom Manchurian Gravy. Costs: 159 rupees, Description: This
manchurian recipe is one of the best ways to gorge this vegetable. The
crispiness of fried mushrooms and the spicy taste of the sauces gives a lip-
smacking flavour to this dish. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Mushroom Manchurian Gravy

159

Unavailable

This manchurian recipe is one of the best ways to gorge this vegetable. The
crispiness of fried mushrooms and the spicy taste of the sauces gives a lip-
smacking flavour to this dish.

Veg Item. Chilli Mushroom Gravy. Costs: 159 rupees, Description: Sweet and
sour paneer - the name says it all; a scrumptious snack recipe of fried paneer
cubes smeared in a lip-smacking honey-vinegar sauce. Prepared with paneer,
onions, carrots, capsicum, honey, soy sauce and vinegar; this easy-to-make
appetizer recipe is loaded with succulent flavors. Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Chilli Mushroom Gravy

159

Unavailable

Sweet and sour paneer - the name says it all; a scrumptious snack recipe of
fried paneer cubes smeared in a lip-smacking honey-vinegar sauce. Prepared
with paneer, onions, carrots, capsicum, honey, soy sauce and vinegar; this
easy-to-make appetizer recipe is loaded with succulent flavors.

Veg Item. Sweet N Sour Paneer Gravy (8pcs). Costs: 209 rupees, Description:
Sweet and sour paneer - the name says it all; a scrumptious snack recipe of
fried paneer cubes smeared in a lip-smacking honey-vinegar sauce. Prepared
with paneer, onions, carrots, capsicum, honey, soy sauce and vinegar; this
easy-to-make appetizer recipe is loaded with succulent flavors. Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Sweet N Sour Paneer Gravy (8pcs)

209

Unavailable

Sweet and sour paneer - the name says it all; a scrumptious snack recipe of
fried paneer cubes smeared in a lip-smacking honey-vinegar sauce. Prepared
with paneer, onions, carrots, capsicum, honey, soy sauce and vinegar; this
easy-to-make appetizer recipe is loaded with succulent flavors.

Veg Item. Hot Garlic Paneer Gravy (8pcs). Costs: 179 rupees, Description:
Cubes of paneer pieces tossed in chef's special hot garlic sauces. A dish
loaded with madlyness of spices and flavoured with garlics. Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Hot Garlic Paneer Gravy (8pcs)

179

Unavailable

Cubes of paneer pieces tossed in chef's special hot garlic sauces. A dish
loaded with madlyness of spices and flavoured with garlics.

Veg Item. Garlic Paneer Gravy (8pcs). Costs: 179 rupees, Description: Fried
paneer pieces tossed in chef's special house prepared sauces and flavoured
with garlic and slected choices of chinese spices. Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Garlic Paneer Gravy (8pcs)

179

Unavailable

Fried paneer pieces tossed in chef's special house prepared sauces and
flavoured with garlic and slected choices of chinese spices.

Veg Item. Schezwan Paneer Gravy (8pcs). Costs: 199 rupees, Description: A true
happiness for spicyyy lovers! cubes of fresh paneer pieces fried and tossed in
house prepared schezwan sauces and loaded with flavours of spicyness and love.
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Schezwan Paneer Gravy (8pcs)

199

Unavailable

A true happiness for spicyyy lovers! cubes of fresh paneer pieces fried and
tossed in house prepared schezwan sauces and loaded with flavours of spicyness
and love.

Veg Item. Paneer Manhurian (8pcs). Costs: 179 rupees, Description: Cubes of
fresh paneer dredged in cornflour batter deep fried and tossed in assorted
veggies and selected spices and manchurian based sauces. Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Paneer Manhurian (8pcs)

179

Unavailable

Cubes of fresh paneer dredged in cornflour batter deep fried and tossed in
assorted veggies and selected spices and manchurian based sauces.

Veg Item. Chilli Paneer Gravy (8pcs). Costs: 179 rupees, Description: Cubes of
fresh paneer dredged in cornflour batter deep fried and tossed in assorted
veggies and selected spices and special sauces. Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Chilli Paneer Gravy (8pcs)

179

Unavailable

Cubes of fresh paneer dredged in cornflour batter deep fried and tossed in
assorted veggies and selected spices and special sauces.

Veg Item. Veg Manchurian Gravy. Costs: 159 rupees, Description: Crispy fried
veg balls tossed in chef's special manchurian sauces. Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Veg Manchurian Gravy

159

Unavailable

Crispy fried veg balls tossed in chef's special manchurian sauces.

## Starters ( Veg )

9 items

Veg Item. Honey Crispy Chilli Potato Dry. Costs: 129 rupees, Description:
French fry cut potato pieces crispy fried and tossed in chef's special chilli
sauces flavoured with honey and ginger garlic. Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Honey Crispy Chilli Potato Dry

129

Unavailable

French fry cut potato pieces crispy fried and tossed in chef's special chilli
sauces flavoured with honey and ginger garlic.

Veg Item. Mushroom Manchurian Dry. Costs: 159 rupees, Description: Fried
mushroom pieces tossedd in hot and tangy based manchurian sauce. Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Mushroom Manchurian Dry

159

Unavailable

Fried mushroom pieces tossedd in hot and tangy based manchurian sauce.

Veg Item. Chilly Mushroom Dry. Costs: 169 rupees, Description: Fried pieces of
button mushrooms tossed in chili based sauces and flavoured with spicyness of
ginger garlic and other balanced chinese spices. Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Chilly Mushroom Dry

169

Unavailable

Fried pieces of button mushrooms tossed in chili based sauces and flavoured
with spicyness of ginger garlic and other balanced chinese spices.

Veg Item. Babycorn Manchurian Dry. Costs: 145 rupees, Description: Babycorn
pieces perfectly crispy fried and tossed in chef's special manchurian sauces.
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Babycorn Manchurian Dry

145

Unavailable

Babycorn pieces perfectly crispy fried and tossed in chef's special manchurian
sauces.

Veg Item. Crispy Chilli Babycorn Dry. Costs: 145 rupees, Description:
Perfectly crispy fried babycorn pieces tossed in chef's special chilli sauces
flavoured with ginger-garlic and other selected choices of spices. Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Crispy Chilli Babycorn Dry

145

Unavailable

Perfectly crispy fried babycorn pieces tossed in chef's special chilli sauces
flavoured with ginger-garlic and other selected choices of spices.

Veg Item. Paneer Manchurian Dry (8pcs). Costs: 179 rupees, Description: Crispy
fried paneer pieces tossed in hot tangy flavoured sauces gives a perfect
delight to your taste buds. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Paneer Manchurian Dry (8pcs)

179

Unavailable

Crispy fried paneer pieces tossed in hot tangy flavoured sauces gives a
perfect delight to your taste buds.

Veg Item. Chilli Paneer Dry (8pcs). Costs: 179 rupees, Description: Crispy
fried paneer pieces tossed with veggies like onion & capcicums & flavoured
with ginger-garlic, soya sauces and selected choices of spices. These are
going to be the best treat to all the vegans. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Paneer Dry (8pcs)

179

Unavailable

Crispy fried paneer pieces tossed with veggies like onion & capcicums &
flavoured with ginger-garlic, soya sauces and selected choices of spices.
These are going to be the best treat to all the vegans.

Veg Item. Potato Manchurian Dry. Costs: 129 rupees, Description: Crispy fried
potato pieces tossed in house prepared manchurian sauces and loaded with hot
and tangyness. Its a perfect starter!! Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Potato Manchurian Dry

129

Unavailable

Crispy fried potato pieces tossed in house prepared manchurian sauces and
loaded with hot and tangyness. Its a perfect starter!!

Veg Item. Chilli Garlic Paneer Dry (8pcs). Costs: 189 rupees, Description:
Crispy fried paneer pieces wok tossed in chef' specil chilli garlic sauces. A
treat to all spicy lovers! Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Garlic Paneer Dry (8pcs)

189

Unavailable

Crispy fried paneer pieces wok tossed in chef' specil chilli garlic sauces. A
treat to all spicy lovers!

## Starters ( Non Veg )

17 items

Non-veg item. Manchurian Chicken Dry (8pcs). Costs: 219 rupees, Description:
"aha ki sundoor" chicken manchurian is a popular indo chinese appetiser made
of fried chicken in manchurian sauce. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Manchurian Chicken Dry (8pcs)

219

Unavailable

"aha ki sundoor" chicken manchurian is a popular indo chinese appetiser made
of fried chicken in manchurian sauce.

Non-veg item. Chilli Fish Dry (8pcs). Costs: 249 rupees, Description: "daun!!"
vetki fish fillets crispy fried and tossed in house special chilli sauces and
flavoured with right choices of spices. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Fish Dry (8pcs)

249

Unavailable

"daun!!" vetki fish fillets crispy fried and tossed in house special chilli
sauces and flavoured with right choices of spices.

Non-veg item. Fish Manchurian Dry (8pcs). Costs: 249 rupees, Description:
Vetki fish fillets crispy fried and tossed in chef's prepared manchurian sauce
and flavoured with wine and right balanced spices. The hot and tangy flavoures
of sauce will give a crazy taste of the chinese. Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Fish Manchurian Dry (8pcs)

249

Unavailable

Vetki fish fillets crispy fried and tossed in chef's prepared manchurian sauce
and flavoured with wine and right balanced spices. The hot and tangy flavoures
of sauce will give a crazy taste of the chinese.

Non-veg item. Fish Fry (1 Pc) Vetki. Costs: 150 rupees, Description: This
delicious, crispy & spicy fish fry makes for a great appetizer or a side to a
meal. A simple vegetable salad or sliced onion compliment the fish fry Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Fish Fry (1 Pc) Vetki

150

Unavailable

This delicious, crispy & spicy fish fry makes for a great appetizer or a side
to a meal. A simple vegetable salad or sliced onion compliment the fish fry

Non-veg item. Fingers (6 Pcs) Vetki. Costs: 239 rupees, Description: A lip-
smacking plate of fish fingers is synonymous to calcutta as fish ‘n’ chips is
to london. A dish with unparalleled levels of crunch, and taste that lingers
long after you’ve licked all your fingers, it’s probably every fish lover’s
go-to snack. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Fingers (6 Pcs) Vetki

239

Unavailable

A lip-smacking plate of fish fingers is synonymous to calcutta as fish ‘n’
chips is to london. A dish with unparalleled levels of crunch, and taste that
lingers long after you’ve licked all your fingers, it’s probably every fish
lover’s go-to snack.

Non-veg item. Chilli Prawn Dry (8pcs). Costs: 249 rupees, Description: Crispy
fried prawns tossed in house prepared chilli sauces and flavoured with ginger-
garlic and other selected choices of sauces. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Prawn Dry (8pcs)

249

Unavailable

Crispy fried prawns tossed in house prepared chilli sauces and flavoured with
ginger-garlic and other selected choices of sauces.

Non-veg item. Chilli Garlic Chicken (8pcs). Costs: 229 rupees, Description:
Crispy fried chicken pieces tossed in chef's special chilli garlic sauce. The
spicy and garlicky flavour of the chicken will you a mind blowing taste to
your taste buds. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Garlic Chicken (8pcs)

229

Unavailable

Crispy fried chicken pieces tossed in chef's special chilli garlic sauce. The
spicy and garlicky flavour of the chicken will you a mind blowing taste to
your taste buds.

Non-veg item. Chicken Cutlet . Costs: 130 rupees, Description: Marinated
chicken pieces with aromatic bengali spices and deep fried in oil untill it is
perfectly done. Juicy inside crispy outside, what a great starter it is!!!
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Cutlet

130

Unavailable

Marinated chicken pieces with aromatic bengali spices and deep fried in oil
untill it is perfectly done. Juicy inside crispy outside, what a great starter
it is!!!

Non-veg item. B R Special Chicken Pakora (6 Pcs). Costs: 199 rupees,
Description: Totally steet style prepared dish!! boneless chicken pieces
perfectly marinated with right bengali spices and deep fried in oil untill it
is nicely done. Then its served with hot n sweet sauces and freshly chopped
salad. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### B R Special Chicken Pakora (6 Pcs)

199

Unavailable

Totally steet style prepared dish!! boneless chicken pieces perfectly
marinated with right bengali spices and deep fried in oil untill it is nicely
done. Then its served with hot n sweet sauces and freshly chopped salad.

Non-veg item. Drums Of Heaven (6 Pcs). Costs: 229 rupees, Description:
Perfectly marinated lollipop pieces with right choices of spices, fried till
crispy and tossed in house prepared sauces and veggies. Its finger licking
good. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Drums Of Heaven (6 Pcs)

229

Unavailable

Perfectly marinated lollipop pieces with right choices of spices, fried till
crispy and tossed in house prepared sauces and veggies. Its finger licking
good.

Non-veg item. Chicken Lollipop (6 Pcs). Costs: 199 rupees, Description:
Marinated chicken lollipops assorted with selected choices of spices and fried
until it is perfectly done. Juicy inside crispy outside. Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Lollipop (6 Pcs)

199

Unavailable

Marinated chicken lollipops assorted with selected choices of spices and fried
until it is perfectly done. Juicy inside crispy outside.

Non-veg item. B B Q Chicken Wings (6pcs). Costs: 229 rupees, Description:
Marinated chicken wings tossed in chef's special b b q sauces and assorted
with authentic chinese spices. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### B B Q Chicken Wings (6pcs)

229

Unavailable

Marinated chicken wings tossed in chef's special b b q sauces and assorted
with authentic chinese spices.

Non-veg item. Prawn Manchurian Dry (8pcs). Costs: 249 rupees, Description:
Crispy fried prawn pieces tossed in hot & tangy based sauces and flavoured
with choices of spices and wine. The soft and munchy bite of prawns will you a
remarkable taste to your food life. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Prawn Manchurian Dry (8pcs)

249

Unavailable

Crispy fried prawn pieces tossed in hot & tangy based sauces and flavoured
with choices of spices and wine. The soft and munchy bite of prawns will you a
remarkable taste to your food life.

Non-veg item. Crispy Chicken . Costs: 229 rupees, Description: Shredded
chicken pieces marinated with chinese spices. Deep & crispy fried chicken
pirces wok tossed with chef's special sauces and garnished with sesame seeds.
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Crispy Chicken

229

Unavailable

Shredded chicken pieces marinated with chinese spices. Deep & crispy fried
chicken pirces wok tossed with chef's special sauces and garnished with sesame
seeds.

Non-veg item. Chilli Garlic Prawns Dry. Costs: 249 rupees, Description: Crispy
fried prawn pieces tossed in chef's special chilli garlic sauce. It is just
mind-blaowing. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Garlic Prawns Dry

249

Unavailable

Crispy fried prawn pieces tossed in chef's special chilli garlic sauce. It is
just mind-blaowing.

Non-veg item. Chilli Garlic Fish Dry (8pcs). Costs: 269 rupees, Description:
Crispy fried fish fillets tossed in chef's special chilli garlic sauce. Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Garlic Fish Dry (8pcs)

269

Unavailable

Crispy fried fish fillets tossed in chef's special chilli garlic sauce.

Non-veg item. Chilli Chicken Dry (8pcs). Costs: 219 rupees, Description: "k na
chene"!! chilli chicken is a sweet, spicy & slightly sour crispy appetizer
made with chicken, bell peppers, garlic, chilli sauce & soya. A dish loaded
with authentic chinese spices and flavoures. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Chicken Dry (8pcs)

219

Unavailable

"k na chene"!! chilli chicken is a sweet, spicy & slightly sour crispy
appetizer made with chicken, bell peppers, garlic, chilli sauce & soya. A dish
loaded with authentic chinese spices and flavoures.

## Fried Rice

### Fried Rice ( Veg )

5 items

Veg Item. Butter Mushroom Rice. Costs: 149 rupees, Description: White fluffy
rice tossed with button mushrooms and flavoured with butter and selected
choices of spices. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Butter Mushroom Rice

149

Unavailable

White fluffy rice tossed with button mushrooms and flavoured with butter and
selected choices of spices.

Veg Item. Veg Chilli Garlic Rice. Costs: 129 rupees, Description: White fluffy
rice cooked in chef's special chilli garlic sauce. A great delight for all
spicy lovers. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Chilli Garlic Rice

129

Unavailable

White fluffy rice cooked in chef's special chilli garlic sauce. A great
delight for all spicy lovers.

Veg Item. Veg Burnt Garlic Fried Rice. Costs: 129 rupees, Description: A dish
prepared from cooked rice with burnt garlic and other vegetables and seasoning
ingredients in a wok. It is very similar to the popular fried rice recipe and
is typically served for lunch or dinner with indo chinese cuisine and
manchurian gravies. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Burnt Garlic Fried Rice

129

Unavailable

A dish prepared from cooked rice with burnt garlic and other vegetables and
seasoning ingredients in a wok. It is very similar to the popular fried rice
recipe and is typically served for lunch or dinner with indo chinese cuisine
and manchurian gravies.

Veg Item. Veg Schezwan Fried Rice. Costs: 129 rupees, Description: Schezwan
fried rice is a popular indo chinese dish of stir-fried vegetables and rice in
a spicy house made schezwan sauce. It is loaded with spicyness and flavoures.
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Schezwan Fried Rice

129

Unavailable

Schezwan fried rice is a popular indo chinese dish of stir-fried vegetables
and rice in a spicy house made schezwan sauce. It is loaded with spicyness and
flavoures.

Veg Item. Veg Fried Rice . Costs: 125 rupees, Description: A popular and
flavoured rice recipe made with fluffy rice, finely chopped veggies and
seasoning ingredients like pepper, sesame oil, light soya and other selected
spices. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Fried Rice

125

Unavailable

A popular and flavoured rice recipe made with fluffy rice, finely chopped
veggies and seasoning ingredients like pepper, sesame oil, light soya and
other selected spices.

### Fried Rice ( Non Veg )

9 items

Non-veg item. B R Special Fried Rice. Costs: 229 rupees, Description: This
dish is comprises of seafood like prawns, chicken & eggs and added with prawn
chips and covered with poached egg. It tastes too diffent and delicious from
anyother fried rice you have ever tried. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### B R Special Fried Rice

229

Unavailable

This dish is comprises of seafood like prawns, chicken & eggs and added with
prawn chips and covered with poached egg. It tastes too diffent and delicious
from anyother fried rice you have ever tried.

Non-veg item. Mix Fried Rice. Costs: 209 rupees, Description: Fluffy rices
tossed with egg chunks, chicken pieces & prawns with right flavoures and
spices. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Mix Fried Rice

209

Unavailable

Fluffy rices tossed with egg chunks, chicken pieces & prawns with right
flavoures and spices.

Non-veg item. Schezwan Prawn Fried Rice. Costs: 185 rupees, Description:
Nicely fried prawns tossed with rice and flavoured with house prepared special
schezwan sauces. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Schezwan Prawn Fried Rice

185

Unavailable

Nicely fried prawns tossed with rice and flavoured with house prepared special
schezwan sauces.

Non-veg item. Prawn Fried Rice. Costs: 179 rupees, Description: Perfectly
boiled and fried prawns tossed with fresh & white rices and flavoured with
right balanced spices. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Prawn Fried Rice

179

Unavailable

Perfectly boiled and fried prawns tossed with fresh & white rices and
flavoured with right balanced spices.

Non-veg item. Chicken Schezwan Fried Rice. Costs: 148 rupees, Description:
Shredded chicken pieces tossed in schezwan sauces and matched with rice and
flavoured with right balanced spices. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Schezwan Fried Rice

148

Unavailable

Shredded chicken pieces tossed in schezwan sauces and matched with rice and
flavoured with right balanced spices.

Non-veg item. Chicken Fried Rice. Costs: 148 rupees, Description: Soft & juicy
chicken pieces tossed with white fluffy rice and flavoured with slected
choices of spices. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Fried Rice

148

Unavailable

Soft & juicy chicken pieces tossed with white fluffy rice and flavoured with
slected choices of spices.

Non-veg item. Chicken Chilli Garlic Rice. Costs: 148 rupees, Description:
Rice, shredded chicken pieces, chunks of eggs are tossed in chef's special
chilli garlic sauces. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Chilli Garlic Rice

148

Unavailable

Rice, shredded chicken pieces, chunks of eggs are tossed in chef's special
chilli garlic sauces.

Non-veg item. Egg Schezwan Fried Rice . Costs: 135 rupees, Description: Fried
egg chunks tossed with fine white rice and flavoured with house made schezwan
sauces and spices. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Egg Schezwan Fried Rice

135

Unavailable

Fried egg chunks tossed with fine white rice and flavoured with house made
schezwan sauces and spices.

Non-veg item. Egg Fried Rice. Costs: 129 rupees, Description: Fried rice is a
dish of cooked rice that has been stir-fried in a wok or a frying pan and is
usually mixed with other ingredients such as eggs & vegetables. Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Egg Fried Rice

129

Unavailable

Fried rice is a dish of cooked rice that has been stir-fried in a wok or a
frying pan and is usually mixed with other ingredients such as eggs &
vegetables.

## Momos

### Momos ( Veg )

5 items

Veg Item. Veg Thai Momos (6pcs). Costs: 145 rupees, Description: Crispy fried
veg momos tossed in chef's special thai sauces. This thai style veg momos
gives a remarkable taste to your taste buds. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Thai Momos (6pcs)

145

Unavailable

Crispy fried veg momos tossed in chef's special thai sauces. This thai style
veg momos gives a remarkable taste to your taste buds.

Veg Item. Veg Schezwan Momos (6pcs). Costs: 125 rupees, Description: Crispy
fried momo pieces tossed in chef's special schezwan sauces and flavoured with
star anise powder and other selected spices. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Schezwan Momos (6pcs)

125

Unavailable

Crispy fried momo pieces tossed in chef's special schezwan sauces and
flavoured with star anise powder and other selected spices.

Veg Item. Veg Pan Fried Momos (6 Pcs). Costs: 129 rupees, Description: Crispy
fried momos tossed in house prepared chef's special sauces and selected
spices. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Pan Fried Momos (6 Pcs)

129

Unavailable

Crispy fried momos tossed in house prepared chef's special sauces and selected
spices.

Veg Item. Veg Fried Momo (6 Pcs). Costs: 105 rupees, Description: Veg fried
momos are crispy & delicious deep-fried dumplings made of plain flour stuffed
with crunchy & mildly spiced vegetables. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Fried Momo (6 Pcs)

105

Unavailable

Veg fried momos are crispy & delicious deep-fried dumplings made of plain
flour stuffed with crunchy & mildly spiced vegetables.

Veg Item. Veg Steam Momo (6 Pcs). Costs: 90 rupees, Description: Veg momos or
dim sum are steamed dumplings stuffed with a lightly spiced vegetable filling.
A popular tibetan recipe and also a popular north indian street food. Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Steam Momo (6 Pcs)

90

Unavailable

Veg momos or dim sum are steamed dumplings stuffed with a lightly spiced
vegetable filling. A popular tibetan recipe and also a popular north indian
street food.

### Momos ( Non Veg )

5 items

Non-veg item. Chicken Thai Momos (6pcs). Costs: 145 rupees, Description:
Crispy fried chicken momos tossed in chef's special thai sauces. This thai
style chicken momos gives a remarkable taste to your taste buds. Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Thai Momos (6pcs)

145

Unavailable

Crispy fried chicken momos tossed in chef's special thai sauces. This thai
style chicken momos gives a remarkable taste to your taste buds.

Non-veg item. Chicken Schezwan Momos (6pcs). Costs: 135 rupees, Description:
Crispy fried momo pieces tossed in chef's special schezwan sauces and
flavoured with star anise powder and other selected spices. Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Schezwan Momos (6pcs)

135

Unavailable

Crispy fried momo pieces tossed in chef's special schezwan sauces and
flavoured with star anise powder and other selected spices.

Non-veg item. Chicken Pan Fried Momo (6pcs). Costs: 139 rupees, Description:
Nicely kneaded flour stuffed with marinated chicken and steamed until it is
perfectly done and fried to crisp and tossed in chef's special pan fried
sauces and spices. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Pan Fried Momo (6pcs)

139

Unavailable

Nicely kneaded flour stuffed with marinated chicken and steamed until it is
perfectly done and fried to crisp and tossed in chef's special pan fried
sauces and spices.

Non-veg item. Chicken Fried Momos (6 Pcs). Costs: 115 rupees, Description:
Fried momos are easy and tasty snack it is a delicious take on traditional
steamed momos. With crispy exterior and spicy chicken filling,these momos
tastes delicious with any dipping sauce. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Fried Momos (6 Pcs)

115

Unavailable

Fried momos are easy and tasty snack it is a delicious take on traditional
steamed momos. With crispy exterior and spicy chicken filling,these momos
tastes delicious with any dipping sauce.

Non-veg item. Chicken Steam Momos (6 Pcs). Costs: 99 rupees, Description:
Chicken momos recipe is a north eastern recipe and very popular in tibet as
well. Chicken mince flavoured with soy sauce, chilies, pepper are stuffed
inside a thin flour dough filling and then steamed. Since this recipe is a
steamed dim sum recipe, it is a healthy high protein recipe with tender
chicken. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Steam Momos (6 Pcs)

99

Unavailable

Chicken momos recipe is a north eastern recipe and very popular in tibet as
well. Chicken mince flavoured with soy sauce, chilies, pepper are stuffed
inside a thin flour dough filling and then steamed. Since this recipe is a
steamed dim sum recipe, it is a healthy high protein recipe with tender
chicken.

## Soups

### Soups ( Veg )

5 items

Veg Item. Tomato Soup . Costs: 95 rupees, Description: Smooth, savory tomato
soup is a delicious dish that is great to enjoy anytime of the year. The bold,
bright flavor of fresh tomato is wonderful in the spring and summer, and the
creamy richness of the broth makes it perfect comfort food for a cold fall or
winter night. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Tomato Soup

95

Unavailable

Smooth, savory tomato soup is a delicious dish that is great to enjoy anytime
of the year. The bold, bright flavor of fresh tomato is wonderful in the
spring and summer, and the creamy richness of the broth makes it perfect
comfort food for a cold fall or winter night.

Veg Item. Veg Hot And Sour Soup. Costs: 99 rupees, Description: Hot and sour
soup is a popular restaurant style soup from the indo chinese cuisine. As the
name suggests, this soup with vegetables gets spicy(hot) taste from the chili
sauce and black pepper powder while sour taste from the vinegar. It is usually
served as an appetizer or starter before the main course meal. Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Hot And Sour Soup

99

Unavailable

Hot and sour soup is a popular restaurant style soup from the indo chinese
cuisine. As the name suggests, this soup with vegetables gets spicy(hot) taste
from the chili sauce and black pepper powder while sour taste from the
vinegar. It is usually served as an appetizer or starter before the main
course meal.

Veg Item. Veg Noodles Soup. Costs: 119 rupees, Description: This recipe of veg
noodle soup is a clear soup that is lightly spiced and mild. The soup is made
with mix veggies and noodles. A vegan soup. The taste of the noodle soup is
faintly sour with an umami flavor. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Noodles Soup

119

Unavailable

This recipe of veg noodle soup is a clear soup that is lightly spiced and
mild. The soup is made with mix veggies and noodles. A vegan soup. The taste
of the noodle soup is faintly sour with an umami flavor.

Veg Item. Veg Manchow Soup. Costs: 99 rupees, Description: Manchow soup is a
spicy and hot soup made from mixed vegetables. A vegan recipe. Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Manchow Soup

99

Unavailable

Manchow soup is a spicy and hot soup made from mixed vegetables. A vegan
recipe.

Veg Item. Veg Sweet Corn Soup. Costs: 119 rupees, Description: Sweet corn soup
is a indo chinese style soup made with mixed veggies, sweet corn kernels &
pepper. Serve as a starter with a indo chinese meal. Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Veg Sweet Corn Soup

119

Unavailable

Sweet corn soup is a indo chinese style soup made with mixed veggies, sweet
corn kernels & pepper. Serve as a starter with a indo chinese meal.

### Soups ( Non Veg )

4 items

Non-veg item. Chicken Hot And Sour Soup. Costs: 125 rupees, Description: Hot
and sour soup as the name suggests is a spicy and tangy soup that is loaded
with vegetables. The tang and spice come from the sauces used to make this. It
is perfect to sip on cold winter days. Just like egg drop soup or wonton soup,
this soup is also a hot take out dish. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Hot And Sour Soup

125

Unavailable

Hot and sour soup as the name suggests is a spicy and tangy soup that is
loaded with vegetables. The tang and spice come from the sauces used to make
this. It is perfect to sip on cold winter days. Just like egg drop soup or
wonton soup, this soup is also a hot take out dish.

Veg Item. Thai Soup. Costs: 145 rupees, Description: Thai soups feature
incredible flavors and are ultra comforting — guaranteed to lift your spirits
and brighten your mood. These soups make a satisfying dinner, and they're the
perfect remedy for chasing away a cold or flu bug Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Thai Soup

145

Unavailable

Thai soups feature incredible flavors and are ultra comforting — guaranteed to
lift your spirits and brighten your mood. These soups make a satisfying
dinner, and they're the perfect remedy for chasing away a cold or flu bug

Non-veg item. Chicken Manchow Soup. Costs: 129 rupees, Description: Chicken
manchow soup is a popular fusion soup of indo chinese cuisine made using.
Different types of vegetables like beans, carrots, cabbage, mushroom and
tomato. Small cubes of chicken pieces are simmered with vegetables and herbs
and seasoned with salt, pepper and soya sauce. Beaten eggs are used to make
it. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Manchow Soup

129

Unavailable

Chicken manchow soup is a popular fusion soup of indo chinese cuisine made
using. Different types of vegetables like beans, carrots, cabbage, mushroom
and tomato. Small cubes of chicken pieces are simmered with vegetables and
herbs and seasoned with salt, pepper and soya sauce. Beaten eggs are used to
make it.

Non-veg item. Chicken Sweet Corn Soup. Costs: 129 rupees, Description: The
soup has a sweet-salty flavor where shredded chicken is simmered in a sesame
oil toasted chicken broth and cream style corn. Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Chicken Sweet Corn Soup

129

Unavailable

The soup has a sweet-salty flavor where shredded chicken is simmered in a
sesame oil toasted chicken broth and cream style corn.

Address

DD-68, NARAYANTALA EAST, ASWININAGAR, BAGUIATI, KOLKATA-159.North Twenty Four
Parganas,KOLKATA,WEST BENGAL - 700159

Cuisines

Chinese,Tibetan

  * Applied for license

Company

  * About us
  * Team
  * Careers
  * Swiggy Blog
  * Bug Bounty
  * Swiggy One
  * Swiggy Corporate
  * Swiggy Instamart

Contact

  * Help & Support
  * Partner with us
  * Ride with us

Legal

  * Terms & Conditions
  * Refund & Cancellation
  * Privacy Policy
  * Cookie Policy
  * Offer Terms
  * Phishing & Fraud
  * Corporate – Swiggy Money Codes Terms and Conditions
  * Corporate - Swiggy Discount Voucher Terms and Conditions

#### WE DELIVER TO

  * abohar
  * adilabad
  * adityapur
  * adoni
  * agartala
  * agra
  * ahmedabad
  * ahmednagar
  * aizawl
  * ajmer
  * akola
  * alappuzha
  * aligarh
  * alipurduar
  * allahabad
  * almora
  * alwar
  * amalapuram
  * ambala
  * ambikapur
  * ambur
  * amravati
  * amreli
  * amritsar
  * anand
  * anantapur
  * angul
  * ankleshwar
  * arakkonam
  * arambagh
  * arrah
  * aruppukottai
  * asansol
  * aurangabad
  * aurangabad_bihar
  * azamgarh
  * baddi
  * bagalkot
  * bagdogra
  * bagula
  * bahadurgarh
  * bahraich
  * balaghat
  * balangir
  * balasore
  * ballari
  * balrampur
  * balurghat
  * banda
  * bangalore
  * bankabihar
  * bankura
  * bantwal
  * bapatlachirala
  * baramati
  * baran
  * baraut
  * bardhaman
  * bardoli
  * bareilly
  * barh
  * baripada
  * barmer
  * barnala
  * barshi
  * barwani
  * basirhat
  * basti
  * batala
  * bathinda
  * beawar
  * beed
  * begusarai
  * bela-pratapgarh
  * belgaum
  * berhampore
  * berhampur
  * bettiah
  * betul
  * bhadohi
  * bhadrachalam
  * bhadrak
  * bhadravati
  * bhagalpur
  * bhandara
  * bharabanki
  * bharatpur
  * bharuch
  * bhatkal
  * bhavnagar
  * bhawanipatna
  * bhilai
  * bhilwara
  * bhimavaram
  * bhind
  * bhiwadi
  * bhiwani
  * bhopal
  * bhubaneswar
  * bhuj
  * bhusawal
  * bidar
  * biharsharif
  * bijapur
  * bijnor
  * bikaner
  * bilaspur
  * bilaspur-hp
  * bilimora
  * biswanath-chariali
  * bodhan-rural
  * bodinayakanur
  * boisar
  * bokaro
  * bolpur
  * bongaigaon
  * bongaon
  * budaun
  * budhwal
  * bulandshahr
  * buldana
  * bundi
  * burhanpur
  * buxar
  * central-goa
  * chaibasa
  * chakdaha
  * chalakkudy
  * chalisgaon
  * chandausi
  * chandigarh
  * chandrapur
  * changanassery
  * charkhi-dadri_perm_closed_8june22
  * chengannur
  * chennai
  * cherthala
  * chhapra
  * chhatarpur
  * chhindwara
  * chidambaram
  * chikhli
  * chikkaballapur
  * chikmagalur
  * chiplun
  * chitradurga
  * chittoor
  * chittorgarh
  * chopda
  * churu
  * coimbatore
  * cooch-behar
  * cuddalore
  * cuttack
  * dahanu
  * dahod
  * daltonganj
  * daman

  * darbhanga
  * darjeeling
  * daund
  * dausa
  * davanagere
  * dehradun
  * dehri
  * delhi
  * deoghar
  * dewas
  * dhanbad
  * dhar
  * dharamshala
  * dharapuram
  * dharmapuri
  * dharwad
  * dhoraji
  * dhule
  * dibrugarh
  * digboi
  * dimapur
  * dindigul
  * diu
  * doddaballapura
  * duliajan
  * dumka
  * dungarpur
  * durgapur
  * eluru
  * erode
  * etah
  * etawah
  * faizabad
  * faridabad
  * faridkot
  * farrukhabad
  * fatehabad
  * fatehgarh-sahib
  * fatehpur
  * fazilka
  * firozabad
  * firozpur
  * freelancer
  * gadag-betigeri
  * gadwal
  * gandhidham
  * gangapur-city
  * gangarampur
  * gangtok
  * gauriganj
  * gaya
  * giridih
  * godhra
  * gokak
  * golaghat
  * gonda
  * gondal
  * gondia
  * gopalganj
  * gorakhpur
  * gudivada
  * guna
  * guntakal
  * guntur
  * gurdaspur
  * gurgaon
  * guwahati
  * gwalior
  * habra
  * hajipur
  * haldia
  * haldwani
  * halol
  * hampi
  * hansi
  * hanumangarh
  * hapur
  * hardoi
  * haridwar
  * hassan
  * hathras
  * himmatnagar
  * hindaun
  * hinganghat
  * hisar
  * hoshangabad
  * hoshiarpur
  * hospet
  * hosur
  * hubli
  * hyderabad
  * ichalkaranji
  * idukki
  * indore
  * irinjalakuda
  * itanagar
  * itarsi
  * jabalpur
  * jagdalpur
  * jagraon
  * jagtial
  * jahanabad
  * jaigaon
  * jaipur
  * jalandhar
  * jalaun
  * jalgaon
  * jalpaiguri
  * jammu
  * jamnagar
  * jamshedpur
  * jaunpur
  * jhalawar
  * jhansi
  * jhargram
  * jhunjhunu
  * jind
  * jodhpur
  * jorhat
  * junagadh
  * kadapa
  * kadayanallur
  * kadiri
  * kaithal
  * kakinada
  * kalaburagi
  * kalady
  * kalna
  * kamareddy
  * kanchrapara
  * kannauj
  * kannur
  * kanpur
  * kanyakumari
  * kapurthala
  * karad
  * karaikkudi
  * karimnagar
  * karnal
  * karunagappaly
  * karur
  * karwar
  * kasaragod
  * kashipur
  * katihar
  * katni
  * kavali
  * kayamkulam
  * kendrapada
  * kendujhar
  * khalilabad
  * khamgaon
  * khammam
  * khandwa
  * khanna
  * kharagpur
  * khopoli
  * kishanganj

  * kishangarh
  * kochi
  * kodaikanal
  * kohima
  * kolar
  * kolhapur
  * kolkata
  * kollam
  * kopargaon
  * koppal
  * korba
  * kota
  * kotdwar
  * kothagudem
  * kothamanagalam
  * kottakkal
  * kottarakkara
  * kottayam
  * kovilpatti
  * kozhikode
  * krishnagiri
  * krishnanagar
  * kumarakom
  * kumbakonam
  * kumta
  * kundapura
  * kunnamkullam
  * kurnool
  * kurukshetra
  * kushalnagar
  * lakhimpur
  * lalitpur
  * latur
  * lonavala
  * lonavla
  * lucknow
  * ludhiana
  * machilipatnam
  * madanapalle
  * madhubani
  * madikeri
  * madurai
  * mahabaleshwar
  * mahbubnagar
  * mahoba
  * malappuram
  * malda
  * malegaon
  * malout
  * manali
  * mancherial
  * mandi-dabwali
  * mandi-gobindgarh
  * mandi-hp
  * mandsaur
  * mandya
  * mangaluru
  * manipal
  * manjeri
  * mannargudi
  * mansa
  * markapur
  * mathura
  * maunath-bhanjan
  * mayiladuthurai
  * medinipur
  * meerut
  * mehsana
  * mettupalayam
  * miryalaguda
  * mirzapur
  * modinagar
  * moga
  * moodbidri
  * moradabad
  * morbi
  * morena
  * motihari
  * mount-abu
  * mughalsarai
  * mukerian
  * muktsar
  * mumbai
  * munger
  * murshidabad
  * mussoorie
  * muvattupuzha
  * muzaffarnagar
  * muzaffarpur
  * mysore
  * nabadwip
  * nadiad
  * nagaon
  * nagapattinam
  * nagda
  * nagercoil
  * nagpur
  * nagur
  * naharlagun
  * nainital
  * nalbari
  * nalgonda
  * namakkal
  * nanded
  * nandurbar
  * nandyal
  * nangal
  * naraingarh
  * narasaraopet
  * narnaul
  * narsinghpur
  * narsipatnam
  * nashik
  * navsari
  * neemuch
  * nellore
  * neyveli
  * nipani
  * nirmal
  * nizamabad
  * noida
  * noida-1
  * north-goa
  * ongole
  * ooty
  * orai
  * osmanabad
  * pala
  * palakkad
  * palakollu
  * palampur
  * palani
  * palanpur
  * palghar
  * pali
  * palwal
  * panchgani
  * panipat
  * paramakudi
  * parbhani
  * pathankot
  * patiala
  * patna
  * pattukkottai
  * payyannur
  * perambalur
  * perinthalmanna
  * phagwara
  * phusro
  * pilani
  * pilibhit
  * pinjore-city
  * pondicherry
  * porbandar
  * port-blair
  * pratapgarh
  * proddatur
  * pudukkottai

  * pune
  * puri
  * purnea
  * purulia
  * pusad
  * puttur
  * puttur-karnataka
  * rae-bareli
  * raghunathpur
  * raichur
  * raiganj
  * raigarh
  * raipur
  * rajahmundry
  * rajapalayam
  * rajgarh
  * rajkot
  * rajnandgaon
  * rajsamand
  * ramagundam
  * ramanagara
  * ramanathapuram
  * ramgarh
  * rampur
  * ranaghat
  * ranaghat-wb
  * ranchi
  * rangpo
  * ranibennur
  * raniganj
  * ratlam
  * ratnagiri
  * ravulapalem
  * rayachoty
  * rewa
  * rewari
  * rishikesh
  * rohtak
  * roorkee
  * ropar
  * rourkela
  * rudrapur
  * sagar
  * saharanpur
  * saharsa
  * salem
  * samastipur
  * sambalpur
  * sangamner
  * sangli
  * sangrur
  * santipur
  * sasaram
  * satara
  * satna
  * sawai-madhopur
  * sawantwadi
  * sehore
  * shahdol
  * shahjahanpur
  * shamli
  * shikohabad
  * shillong
  * shimla
  * shirdi-city
  * shivamogga
  * shivpuri
  * shravasti
  * shrirampur
  * siddipet
  * sikar
  * silchar
  * siliguri
  * silvassa
  * sindhanur
  * singrauli
  * sirkali
  * sirsa
  * sirsi
  * sitamarhi
  * sitapur
  * sivakasi
  * sivasagar
  * siwan
  * solan
  * solapur
  * sonipat
  * south-goa
  * sri-ganganagar
  * srikakulam
  * srivilliputhur
  * sultanpur
  * surat
  * suratgarh
  * surendranagar-dudhrej
  * suri
  * suryapet
  * tadepalligudem
  * tadpatri
  * tanuku
  * tarn-taran-sahib
  * tenkasi
  * tezpur
  * thalassery
  * thanjavur
  * theni
  * thiruvalla
  * thiruvallur
  * thiruvananthapuram
  * thiruvarur
  * thodupuzha
  * thoothukudi
  * thoubal
  * thrissur
  * tindivanam
  * tinsukia
  * tiptur
  * tirunelveli
  * tirupati
  * tirupur
  * tiruttani
  * tiruvannamalai
  * tohana
  * trichy
  * tumakuru
  * tuni
  * udaipur
  * udgir
  * udhampur
  * ujjain
  * uluberia
  * unnao
  * uran-islampur
  * vadodara
  * valsad
  * vapi
  * varanasi
  * varkala
  * vellore
  * veraval
  * vidisha
  * vijayawada
  * viluppuram
  * virudhunagar
  * visnagar
  * vizag
  * vizianagaram
  * vyara
  * waidhan
  * warangal
  * wardha
  * washim
  * wayanad
  * yamuna-nagar
  * yavatmal

© 2022 Swiggy

