https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/green-fish-curry-2/270c48d2-381a-49af-8093-caa599888e69


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Green fish curry

  * _15m_ prep
  * _10m_ cook
  * _4_ servings 

26

Save Recipe

546 people saved this

25 people made this

When you want a curry in a hurry, reach into the freezer for this tasty Thai-
style meal - in 25 minutes dinner is ready to serve.

M

Miranda Farr

337 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain yeast, sulphites, groundnut, tree nut and
mustard.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 12 Ingredients 
  * 3 Method Steps 

#### 12 Ingredients

  * 2 tsp peanut oil 

  * 1-2 tbsp green curry paste (see note) 

  * 1 x 400ml can coconut milk 

  * 60ml (1/4 cup) fish stock 

  * 1 tbsp fresh lime juice 

  * 1 tbsp brown sugar 

  * 1 tbsp fish sauce 

  * 500g white fish fillets, cut into 3cm pieces 

  * 200g green round beans, topped, halved diagonally 

  * 1 long fresh red chilli, halved, deseeded, thinly sliced 

  * 1/3 cup fresh Thai basil leaves 

  * Steamed jasmine rice, to serve 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 3 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Heat a wok or large non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Add the oil
(2 tsp peanut oil) and heat until smoking. Add the curry paste  (1-2 tbsp
green curry paste (see note)) and stir-fry for 1 minute or until aromatic. Add
the coconut milk  (1 x 400ml can coconut milk). Reduce heat to medium and
simmer for 2-3 minutes or until the mixture thickens slightly.

  * Step 2

Add the stock  (60ml (1/4 cup) fish stock), lime juice  (1 tbsp fresh lime
juice), sugar  (1 tbsp brown sugar) and fish sauce  (1 tbsp fish sauce).
Increase heat to high and bring to the boil. Reduce heat to medium. Add the
fish  (500g white fish fillets, cut into 3cm pieces), beans  (200g green round
beans, topped, halved diagonally), chilli  (1 long fresh red chilli, halved,
deseeded, thinly sliced) and half the basil  (1/3 cup fresh Thai basil
leaves). Cook for 5 minutes or until the fish is cooked through.

  * Step 3

Divide the curry among serving bowls and sprinkle with the remaining basil.
Serve with rice  (Steamed jasmine rice, to serve).

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

25 people made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

546 people saved this

### Recipe Notes

If green curry paste is unavailable, use red curry paste.

**Make it ahead:** Prepare to the end of step 2 up to 2 days ahead. Cool to
room temperature. Store in an airtight container in the fridge. Reheat in a
medium saucepan over medium heat, stirring often, for 10 minutes or until
heated through. Continue from step 3.

**Freezing tip:** Cool to room temperature at the end of step 2. Transfer to
an airtight container. Place in fridge for 2-3 hours to chill. Label, date and
freeze for up to 3 months. Thaw in fridge overnight. To reheat, see Make it
Ahead, above. Continue from step 3.

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by Ian Wallace

##  Popular on Taste

  1. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  2. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  3. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

  4. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

  5. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

  6. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

  7. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  8. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

