https://www.hildastouchofspice.com/2012/11/green-fish-curry.html


Trending

  * Goan Choris Pao
  * Goan Recheado Mandeli Rawa Fry
  * Baked Bread Butter Jam Marbled Pudding
  * Goan Pork Solantulem
  * Homemade Vanilla Ice Cream
  * Hara Bhara Kabab
  * Mawa Cake / Irani Mawa Cake with Cardamom and Roses
  * GlacÃ© Cherry & Pistachio Cake
  * Goan Baath Rainbow Cake Tart with Lattice Pattern / Bolo de Rulao
  * Bolinhos de Coco / Bolinyas with Egg Yolks

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Pinterest
  * RSS

Navigate __

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipes
    * Recipe Index
      * Goan Recipes
      * Beverages
      * Breads
      * Cakes 'n' Bakes
      * Chutneys 'n' Pickles
      * Desserts
      * Indian Recipes
      * Italian & French
      * Oriental/Chinese Recipes
      * Parsi & Persian
      * Rice, Pulao 'n' Biryani
      * Festive Specials
      * Snacks 'n' Fast Food
      * Soups, Salads 'n' Raitas
    * Vegetarian
    * Non-Vegetarian
    * American
    * Bakes
    * Beverages
    * Biryani
    * Biscuits & Cookies
    * Breads
    * Cakes
    * Chinese
    * Chocolate
    * Christmas
    * Chutneys & Pickles
    * Comfort Food
    * Curries
    * Desserts
    * Diwali
    * Easter
    * Fast Food
    * Festive Specials
    * French
    * Fusion Recipes
    * Goan
    * Grill & BBQ
    * Halloween
    * Holi
    * Homemade Ingredients
    * Ice Cream
    * Indian
    * Indian Sweets
    * Italian
    * Main Course
    * Mediterranean
    * Mexican
    * Parsi
    * Pasta
    * Pies & Pastry
    * Rice & Pilaf
    * Roast
    * Salad
    * Seafood
    * Snacks & Starters
    * Soups
    * Thanksgiving
    * Valentine's Day
  * Contact
  * Donate

__

You are at:HomeÂ»RecipesÂ»CurriesÂ»Green Fish Curry

#  Green Fish Curry

__3

By Hilda Mascarenhas on  November 29, 2012 Curries, Goan, Main Course, Non-
Vegetarian, Recipes, Seafood

Curries are a must in every Goan home & we definitely cannot do without it.
Most people think that our curries are not only red hot but we prefer red
curries but this is not true. We love green curries too. In my home I make red
as well as green curries especially with coconut milk which everyone enjoys
but my elder son loves the most!

Just the other day we got home some really fresh King Fish (Surmai). The whole
fish was quite large & I made quite a few favorite dishes with it. I had fresh
green coriander & some coconuts from Kerala given by my good neighbour. These
two ingredients were just ideal to prepare a nice, green & refreshing curry. I
also had lovely thick fresh slices of fish which I realized would make an
excellent curry. I cooked the Green Fish Curry in a mud pot which turned out
very delicious.

Here is the recipe for the lovely & sumptuous Green Fish Curry which we
enjoyed with steamed rice & fried fish. If you love fish curry, then Iâ€™m sure
you would want to give it a tryâ€¦ Enjoy! ðŸ˜€

**For the Green Masala Paste :**

Grind the ingredients mentioned below to a fine, thick & smooth paste in a
masala grinder/blender with some water. Transfer to a bowl. Rinse the
grinder/blender with some water & reserve for the curryâ€¦

  * Â½ bunch fresh Coriander (discard roots)
  * 4 fresh Green Chillies (discard stems) or as per taste
  * 2 fresh Green Chillies (slit)
  * 1 tsp. fresh Ginger (peeled & grated)
  * 2 tsps. fresh Garlic paste or 6-8 Garlic cloves
  * 2 tbsps. Coriander pwd.
  * 1 tsp. Cumin Seeds (Jeera)
  * Â½ tsp. Turmeric pwd.

**Ingredients for the Green Fish Curry:**

  * 6-8 slices King Fish (Surmai) or fish as per choice
  * 1large Onion (peeled & finely chopped)
  * 2 fresh Green Chillies (slit)
  * 1 cup thick Coconut Milk
  * Â½ cup thin Coconut Milk
  * 2 tbsps. fresh Tamarind paste or Â¼ cup fresh Tamarind extract or as per taste
  * 2 tbsps. Vegetable Oil or Coconut Oil
  * A pinch of Sugar
  * Salt to taste

**Procedure :**  
Wash the fish slices & apply some salt & a little turmeric. Keep aside for
about 15 mins.

In a sufficiently large pan/dekchi/handi or mud pot, heat oil & sautÃ© chopped
onions till they are cooked, soft & translucent.

Add the above prepared masala paste & stir to cook on low heat till rawness
disappears & you start getting a good aroma.

Then add the reserved masala water & let it come to a boil.

Add slit green chillies, a pinch of sugar & the tamarind paste/extract & stir
well.

Gently slide in the fish slices, evenly distributing in the pot. Do not stir.

Let it cook on med. heat for about 2 mins.

First pour in the thin coconut milk & give it a gentle stir.

Next add in the thick coconut milk & stir gently again.

Add salt to taste, stir once again & check the seasoning & add water if
necessary depending on the thickness of the gravy you desire.

Let it simmer gently on low heat for another 2-3 mins. till the fish is just
tender & the gravy thickens. Do not overcook the fish.

Serve hot with plain rice or Goa boiled rice.

* * *

Share this post Twitter Facebook Pinterest Tumblr Email

### About the Author

Hilda Mascarenhas

Click here to read the blog post about me

### Related Posts

  * September 20, 2016  __3

## Goan Fresh Bombil Ambot Tik

  * December 21, 2015  __8

## Goan Pork Sorpotel

  * January 15, 2013  __0

## Sol Kadhi (Amsol/Kokum Kodi)

###  3 Comments

  1. Anonymous on  November 27, 2013 3:41 AM

LUKKS YUMMY!

Reply __

  2. Pingback: India - Panaji (Goan Coast) | Minter's Dining Around The World...

  3. dinaz on  October 11, 2018 3:11 PM

can i add prawns in this?

Reply __

### Leave A Reply Cancel Reply

  * ### Sponsored

  *   *     * Recent
    * Popular

    * October 31, 2017  __4 Goan Choris Pao

    * October 3, 2017  __2 Goan Recheado Mandeli Rawa Fry

    * September 6, 2017  __1 Baked Bread Butter Jam Marbled Pudding

    * August 30, 2017  __3 Goan Pork Solantulem

    * May 29, 2017  __2 Homemade Vanilla Ice Cream

    * July 3, 2011  __23 About Me

    * July 18, 2012  __12 Goan Roast Beef Chilli Fry

    * December 19, 2011  __11 Marzipan

    * December 17, 2011  __10 Baath Cake (Semolina & Coconut Cake)

    * December 22, 2011  __9 Rich Christmas Fruit Cake

  * ### Recipe Categories

    * American
    * Bakes
    * Beverages
    * Biryani
    * Biscuits & Cookies
    * Breads
    * Cakes
    * Chinese
    * Chocolate
    * Christmas
    * Chutneys & Pickles
    * Comfort Food
    * Curries
    * Desserts
    * Diwali
    * Easter
    * Fast Food
    * Festive Specials
    * French
    * Fusion Recipes
    * Goan
    * Grill & BBQ
    * Halloween
    * Holi
    * Homemade Ingredients
    * Ice Cream
    * Indian
    * Indian Sweets
    * Italian
    * Main Course
    * Mediterranean
    * Non-Vegetarian
    * Parsi
    * Pasta
    * Pies & Pastry
    * Recipes
    * Rice & Pilaf
    * Roast
    * Salad
    * Seafood
    * Snacks & Starters
    * Soups
    * Street
    * Street food
    * Thanksgiving
    * Uncategorized
    * Valentine's Day
    * Vegetarian

  * ### Subscribe

  * Â© 2011-2020 Hilda's Touch Of Spice.   
All Rights Reserved.  
  
Privacy Policy | Copyright Policy  

  * ### Follow HTOS

  
Hilda's Touch Of Spice is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-
NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License.

