https://sitkasalmonshares.com/blogs/recipes/20-minute-thai-green-fish-curry


Skip to content

__

__

## Help

__

## Login

__

## Cart

__

## Menu

## Shop

__Subscription Boxes __One-Time Boxes

## Explore

__Our Company __Our Fishermen __Know Your Fish __In the News __Recipes & Tips
__Videos __Blog

## Info

__How It Works __Delivery Info __What's In My Box? __Packaging Disposal
__Contact Us

## Close×

Shop Seafood How It Works Recipes & Tips

# 20-Minute Thai Green Fish Curry

###  By Grace Parisi

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

Photo by Rachael Martin

This super fast Thai green fish curry can be ready in the time it takes to
cook rice. The spice levels of commercial curry pastes can vary widely, so
start with a little and add more to suit your personal heat preferences.
Adding fresh lemongrass and Makrut lime leaves, both available at Asian
markets, is next level but not necessary since they’re both integral
components of curry paste.

20-Minute Thai Green Fish Curry | Sitka Salmon Shares

**Prep time:** 15 min  
**Total time:** 20 min  
**Serves:** 2

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

* * *

## Ingredients

  * 1 tablespoon coconut oil or other vegetable oil
  * ½ cup finely chopped onion
  * 2 tablespoons finely chopped ginger
  * 2 to 4 tablespoons Thai green curry paste (depending on heat preference)
  * 1 (14-ounce) can coconut milk
  * 1 (14-ounce) can chicken broth
  * 1 tablespoon Asian fish sauce, plus more for seasoning 
  * 1 lemongrass stalk, bottom 6-inches, lightly crushed (optional)
  * 6 Makrut lime leaves (optional) 
  * 1 to 2 portions halibut (or rockfish, lingcod, or pacific cod), cut into 2-inch chunks
  * ½ cup peas (thawed, if frozen)
  * 5 ounces baby spinach
  * Chopped fresh cilantro, sliced fresh chiles, lime wedges, and steamed jasmine rice for serving

* * *

## Directions

###

  1. Heat the oil in a medium pot or large saucepan over high heat. Add the onion and ginger and cook, stirring, until lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Stir in as much of the curry paste as desired, then add the coconut milk, chicken broth, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, and lemongrass and lime leaves if using. Bring to a boil and cook until slightly reduced, 5 to 8 minutes.
  2. Add the fish and peas and cook over medium heat until the fish is cooked through but not falling apart, about 5 minutes. Season to taste with fish sauce. Just before serving, remove the lemongrass and lime leaves if used, and stir in the spinach just to wilt. Serve with cilantro, sliced fresh chiles, lime wedges, and jasmine rice.

**Ready to try this recipe?**

**Shop our seafood boxes for next week delivery.**

Shop Seafood Boxes

* * *

## Pro Tips

### Pair it Up

Keep things simple with a white wine that plays well with most foods, such as
a Austrian Gruner Veltliner or a dry Riesling.

### Level it Up

Make your own curry paste using Culinary Director Grace Parisi’s recipe.

### Change it Up

Turning this into Penang-style curry is an easy and tasty lift. Simply swap
red curry paste for green, and add a pinch of brown sugar. Leave out the
spinach and add small-diced potatoes in Step 1. Garnish with chopped peanuts
for added crunch.

### Lighten it Up

Full-fat coconut milk is luxurious and rich, but for a lighter, low-calorie
option, use its reduced-fat alternative.

* * *

## Tags*

All whitefish halibut lingcod pacific cod rockfish 30-minute meal main course
simmer/boil from the test kitchen

_*The information displayed is our analysis of the recipe based on its
ingredients and preparation, and should not be considered a substitute for
professional nutrition advice._

__

## Know Your Cook

### Grace Parisi

Culinary Director Grace Parisi is a cook, writer and cookbook author. Formerly
the Senior Test Kitchen Editor at Food & Wine Magazine and Executive Food
Director at TimeInc Books, her work has appeared in Cooking Light, Health, O
Magazine, Epicurious, Fitness, Today, Serious Eats, Martha Stewart, and many
more. She’s the author of more than 6 books, among them The Portlandia
Cookbook and Get Saucy, which was nominated for a James Beard award for Best
Single Subject Cookbook.

## Want more culinary tips + tricks?

Subscribe for more recipes, culinary tips & tricks, and exclusive discounts!

## Member Reviews

< BACK TO RECIPES

Join our community.

Subscribe Now

Join our community.

Subscribe Now

CHECK OUT SOME MORE RECIPES

Peel and Eat Beer-Steamed Shrimp

All shellfish shrimp sidestriped shrimp spot shrimp 15-minute meal appetizer
main course steam from the test kitchen

Crispy Salt and Pepper Shrimp

All shellfish shrimp sidestriped shrimp spot shrimp 10 ingredients or less
main course shallow/deep-fry from the test kitchen

Stir-fried Shrimp and Broccoli

All shellfish shrimp sidestriped shrimp spot shrimp pesco-vegan 30-minute meal
main course sauté stir-fry from the test kitchen

Ginger-Honey Sablefish

sablefish (black cod) 10 ingredients or less 30-minute meal main course
bake/roast sear/pan-fry from the test kitchen

Scattered California Roll

All shellfish crab dungeness 30-minute meal main course steam from the test
kitchen

Pan-Seared Scallops with Lemon and Brown Butter

All shellfish scallops 30-minute meal appetizer main course sear/pan-fry from
the test kitchen

Member Reviews

Our members are our best advocates. Here's what they're saying about us!

Follow Us on Social Media

__

__

__

__

__

Proud Member Of

Join Our Mailing List For Exclusive Member Offerings

By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive communications from
Sitka Salmon Shares.

**© 2022 Sitka Salmon Shares, all rights reserved. Wild in the Galley and Wild
at Home are trademarks of Sitka Salmon Shares**

__

FAQ

Contact

Careers

Terms

Privacy

Account

Terms of Service

Refund policy

Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a
mobile device

  * choosing a selection results in a full page refresh

