https://www.feastingathome.com/thai-fish-curry/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipes
  * Collections
  * My Recipe Box
  * Plant-Based Diet
  * Search

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipes
  * Recipe Collections
  * Shop
  * PLANT-BASED GUIDE!

×

Home » By Meal Type » Dinner Ideas! » Thai Fish Curry

May 12, 2021 70 Comments ★★★★★ 4.9 from 31 reviews

# Thai Fish Curry

Jump to Recipe*Print Recipe

_This recipe for Thai Fish Curry withCoconut Milk is brimming with seasonal
veggies and bursting with delicious Thai flavors. A quick and easy dinner,
perfect for both weeknights and special occasions. **With a Video!**_

## Thai Fish Curry

Tender flaky white fish and seasonal veggies are bathed in the most fragrant
Coconut Curry Sauce infused with lemongrass and kaffir lime leaves- a fast and
easy weeknight dinner that is full of amazing flavor. Serve this over rice, or
cauliflower rice!

## Thai Fish Curry Video

## Type of fish to use in Thai Fish Curry:

Any firm white fish will work well here!

  * halibut
  * sea bass
  * Alaskan cod
  * escolar
  * black cod
  * Haddock
  * Mahi Mahi

## Fragrant Coconut Curry Sauce

  * shallots- give the best flavor or sub onion!
  * garlic
  * lemongrass - use fresh, frozen or lemongrass paste
  * ginger- freshly grated, or use ginger paste
  * turmeric- use fresh turmeric root or ground power
  * chilies- use jalapeno, serrano or Thai red chilies
  * kaffir lime leaves fresh, frozen or dried
  * Feel free to use red, yellow or green curry paste to bump up the flavor- or leave it out!

To create a flavorful base, saute shallots, lemongrass, garlic and chilies.

Add fresh turmeric and ginger.

At this point for an extra boost of flavor, you can add Thai Curry Paste- red
curry paste, green curry paste,  or yellow curry paste. Or leave it out!

Get this deeply golden- this is where the flavor is!

Prep your veggies!

## Seasonal Veggies to use:

Carrots, cauliflower, butternut, bell peppers, zucchini, potatoes, green
beans, greens ( kale, spinach, etc) asparagus, snow peas, snap peas, green
peas!

## Divide your veggies

Divide your veggies into slow cooking and quick cooking. Slow cooking veggies
like carrots, cauliflower or potatoes go in first, while quick-cooking veggies
like asparagus, green beans or snap peas, go in later with the fish ( to keep
them vibrant and green!).

So here I've added carrots, bell pepper and kaffir lime leaves, along with the
chicken (or fish) stock. Cover and let simmer until the carrots are tender.

**TIP:** Kaffir lime leaves can be hard to find for many of you so I tested
out some dried ones I found here. I was surprised at the flavor- much better
than I thought!

Once the carrots are tender, add the coconut milk.

Season with fish sauce  and lime juice.

Add lime juice to taste. You'll want this slightly salty and lime-y-
understanding that this will mellow out with the addition of the fish and
veggies, and will mellow further once it goes over rice. So be bold here!

For more heat- stir in some curry paste, garlic chili paste or even cayenne or
chili flakes.

Nestle in the fish and remaining quick-cooking veggies. Simmer gently, turning
over the fish after a few minutes, or spooning the flavorful broth over top.

You could also place this in a warm 350F oven until the fish is cooked through
to your liking.

Make rice at the same time- I used this pasta cooking method for the fastest
cooking.

Garnish the Thai Fish Curry and serve!

Sprinkle with Thai basil, regular basil or cilantro and serve with lime wedges
over rice- or if going low-carb, try cauliflower rice.

What I love about this recipe, besides the vibrant flavor, are all the
seasonal veggies!   **Spring veggies** like asparagus, peas or spinach,
**summer veggies** like zucchini, eggplant and green beans, **or fall
veggies** like butternut or cauliflower, all work here!

Feel free to mix it up, just paying attention to which veggies need longer to
cook and which ones just need a quick simmer to keep them vibrant. You can
always add a handful of baby spinach to add a burst of nutrients and color
right at the end.

Hope you are having a glorious week. Breath some fresh air, move that
beautiful body, let the sun kiss your face and give you some healing Vitamin
D.

xoxo

Sylvia

## More recipes you may like:

  * Brazilian Fish Stew (Moqueca!)
  * Thai Pineapple Curry
  * Portuguese Fish Stew (Caldeirada)
  * Simple Salmon Chowder
  * Thai Basil Chicken
  * Thai Green Curry with Vegetables
  * 15 MINUTE THAI COCONUT NOODLE SOUP (KHAO SOI)
  * 20 Delicious Thai Recipes!

Print

## Thai Fish Curry

Print Recipe

Pin Recipe

★★★★★

4.9 from 31 reviews

This recipe for Thai Fish Curry with Coconut Milk is brimming with seasonal
veggies and bursting with delicious Thai flavors. A quick and easy dinner,
perfect for both weeknights and special occasions.

  * **Author:** Sylvia Fountaine | Feasting at Home
  * **Prep Time:** 15
  * **Cook Time:** 25
  * **Total Time:** 40 minutes
  * **Yield:** 4-6
  * **Category:** Main, fish, keto
  * **Method:** Stovetop
  * **Cuisine:** Thai
  * **Diet:** Gluten Free

### Ingredients

  * 1 – 1 1/2 pounds firm white fish- Halibut, Alaskan Cod, haddock, Black Cod, Sea Bass (thicker cuts are best)
  * ½ teaspoon salt
  * one lime- zest and juice

**Coconut Thai Curry Sauce:**

  * 2–3 tablespoons coconut or olive oil
  * 2 large shallots or 1 small onion- finely diced ( red, white or yellow)
  * 4-6 garlic cloves
  * 1- 2 fresh hot chilies- finely diced ( jalapeno, serrano, red chili)
  * 3 tablespoons lemongrass, very finely chopped
  * 2 teaspoons turmeric root, grated (or sub 1 teaspoon ground)
  * 1 teaspoon fresh ginger, grated
  * 1-3 tablespoons Thai Curry Paste (optional) red, green, or yellow
  * 2 cups chicken or fish stock
  * 8 kaffir lime leaves
  * 1/2 teaspoon salt
  * 2 cups carrots, diced (or sub potatoes)
  * 1 red bell pepper, diced
  * 1 14-ounce can coconut milk ( liquid and solids)
  * 1 tablespoon fish sauce
  * squeeze of lime
  * 2 cups green beans, or asparagus, snap peas or snow peas
  * ½ cup chopped basil, (Thai basil is great!) cilantro, scallions

Serve over jasmine rice, cauliflower rice, basmati rice, black rice or
everyday quinoa.

### Instructions

Cut the fish into large 2-inch chunks, pat dry and place in a bowl. Season
with salt, lime zest from one lime and 1 tablespoon lime juice, and massage
lightly to coat. Set aside.

In an extra-large saute pan, heat the coconut oil over medium heat. Add the
shallots and saute until golden, about 4 minutes. Add the garlic, lemongrass
and fresh chilies. Saute 3-4 more minutes, until fragrant. Turn heat to low.
Grate the ginger and turmeric and add the Thai Curry paste if using, saute 1
minute. Add the chicken stock, kaffir lime leaves , salt, carrots and bell
pepper. Cover, bring to a simmer and simmer gently for 5 minutes until the
carrots are tender.

Once tender, stir in the coconut milk and fish sauce, and a generous squeeze
of lime juice- start with half a lime, add more to taste.

Taste it- coconut broth should be salty, lime-y and a little spicy- and adjust
to your taste. Add more fish sauce, Thai Curry paste, garlic chili paste, be
bold here -keeping in mind all the flavors will mellow out with the addition
of the fish, veggies and with it being served over rice.

Nestle in the fish, and quick cooking veggies. Simmer gently over medium low
heat, spooning the coconut broth over the top, or turning the fish over after
the bottom half is cooked and becomes opaque, about 3 -4 minutes. You can also
place this in a warm 350F oven to fish cooking.

Garnish with basil or Thai basil, or cilantro and lime wedges.

Serve over rice or cauliflower rice.

### Notes

Leftovers will keep up to 3 days in the fridge.

### Nutrition

  * **Serving Size:** 1 ½ lbs halibut- Not including rice
  * **Calories:** 371
  * **Sugar:** 5.6 g
  * **Sodium:** 1074.3 mg
  * **Fat:** 21.2 g
  * **Saturated Fat:** 13.7 g
  * **Carbohydrates:** 13.8 g
  * **Fiber:** 3.4 g
  * **Protein:** 26.6 g
  * **Cholesterol:** 56.3 mg

_**Keywords:** Thai fish Curry, recipe for Thai fish curry, Thai fish curry
with coconut milk, Thai fish curry red, Thai fish curry green, Thai fish curry
yellow_

**⭐️** **RATE THE RECIPE** and share any suggestions, adaptions or feedback in
the comments below. Have questions? We will post your question and respond
within 24 hours! Your feedback is valuable- it helps us fine-tune the recipes
and helps others!

**Hey, I'm Sylvia!**  Professional chef, former restaurant owner and caterer,
here is where I share _hundreds_  of seasonal, globally-inspired, VEGGIE-
DRIVEN recipes. **Let's start cooking together!  ** **Subscribe**  to my
latest recipes and get my free, **PLANT-BASED RECIPE GUIDE.**

SUBSCRIBE!

__Pin

 __Share

 __Tweet

 __Yum

 __Email

Categories: 30-Minute Meals

## Reader Interactions

### Comment and Rate the Recipe! Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe rating _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_

Comment *

Name

Email

Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

Δ

### Comments

  1. Shelley Gafencu says

May 29, 2022 at 1:34 pm

This recipe was excellent. I used 1.5 cups of Pho Broth and didn’t use fish
sauce. I used roasted red peppers, carrots and plain old garden peas for the
veggies and it was a great combo. Highly recommend this recipe, thank you!

★★★★★

Reply

    * Tonia | Feasting at Home says

May 30, 2022 at 10:11 am

Love it Shelley, sounds perfect.

Reply

  2. Robyn says

May 07, 2022 at 3:58 am

Umm…YUM! I love this recipe SO much. Have already made it twice in a month,
and it will most likely become a staple around here! It's so fresh, tangy and
springy. Very versatile, depending on what you've got in the house -- as long
as you've got fish sauce, limes and coconut milk, everything else falls into
place. Thank you, Sylvia!👌🏻Highly recommend! 😎👍🏽🌟

★★★★★

Reply

    * Sylvia Fountaine | Feasting at Home says

May 07, 2022 at 6:41 am

Yay Robin, glad you gave it a go!

Reply

  3. Rachel says

April 24, 2022 at 6:44 pm

I made this tonight and it was great! I used shrimp and red snapper because
that’s what I had and the fish was amazingly flavorful.

★★★★★

Reply

    * Sylvia Fountaine | Feasting at Home says

April 25, 2022 at 8:18 am

Awesome Rachel!

Reply

  4. Mary says

April 23, 2022 at 10:26 am

Incredibly delicious! I added shrimp and scallops because I only had 2 fish
fillets.  
Crazy good!

★★★★★

Reply

    * Sylvia Fountaine | Feasting at Home says

April 24, 2022 at 7:28 am

Glad you liked this Mary! Thanks for the rating!

Reply

  5. Gen says

April 16, 2022 at 11:55 am

Love a good fish or seafood curry and this one hits all the right spots for
us. Heavenly. Thank you Sylvia. 🙂

★★★★★

Reply

    * Sylvia Fountaine | Feasting at Home says

April 16, 2022 at 6:34 pm

Awesome Gen! Great to hear!

Reply

  6. idscbbwi says

April 09, 2022 at 3:32 pm

one of the rare recipe that yields an amazing dish. If i were to do it again,
i would prefer a creamier curry so i'd go lighter on the stock

★★★★★

Reply

  7. Mireille FH says

April 06, 2022 at 6:13 pm

Made this recipe for my family. Substituted tofu for the fish. Used homemade
shrimp & crab stock. Served  
it on a bed of brown basmati rice. OMG! The most authentic, delectable
homemade Thai food ever!!  
My family rated this meal 11/10!!! THAT FANTASTIC!

★★★★★

Reply

    * Sylvia Fountaine | Feasting at Home says

April 06, 2022 at 7:17 pm

Awesome Mireille!

Reply

  8. Craig says

April 05, 2022 at 9:54 am

Hi Sylvia, We eat a lot of Basmati rice and I saw your suggestion for the
"pasta method" for preparing. Approximately how long should we boil the rice
using this method?

Love your recipes and ideas.

★★★★

Reply

    * Sylvia Fountaine | Feasting at Home says

April 06, 2022 at 9:00 am

Hi Craig, just cook the rice until tender. No "set" time here. 🙂

Reply

  9. ruth fellner says

March 18, 2022 at 3:56 am

Can I make it 2 days early and refrigerate it or freeze it ?

Reply

    * Sylvia Fountaine | Feasting at Home says

March 18, 2022 at 7:58 am

I think you could make the coconut curry base ahead and refrigerate- that
would be fine, but I would suggest cooking the fish right before serving.

Reply

  10. Ros says

March 13, 2022 at 1:14 pm

Sylvia, do you have a recommendation for a substitute for coconut milk? I love
curries, but both my partner and I don’t digest coconut milk well, and so
we’ve been abstaining for a long time. We’re also dairy free (allergy) which
makes it even more complicated :). I figured if someone would have an idea,
you would!

Reply

    * Sylvia Fountaine | Feasting at Home says

March 13, 2022 at 10:26 pm

How about trying a nut-based creamer? Like Milkadamia?

Reply

  11. Darren corne says

February 28, 2022 at 10:12 pm

1st time cooking this and used mullet. Not a big fish curry fan to be honest,
but I'll be cooking this alot thankyou

★★★★★

Reply

    * Sylvia Fountaine | Feasting at Home says

March 01, 2022 at 9:07 pm

Glad you gave it a go!

Reply

« Older Comments

### Comment and Rate the Recipe! Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe rating _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_

Comment *

Name

Email

Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

### FOLLOW

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

Hi, I'm Sylvia Fountaine - chef, author & Saveur Blog Awards Finalist. Welcome
to FEASTING AT HOME where you'll find hundreds of VEGGIE-powered recipes with
tips & tricks from a chef's home kitchen. Enjoy seasonal, plant-rich, whole-
food recipes that nurture body, mind and spirit. Join us! >> More

### POPULAR NOW

## The Best Ceviche Recipe

## Celery Juice Recipe & Top 10 Celery Benefits

## Za'atar Spice Recipe

## How to Grow Microgreens

## Chinese Eggplant with Spicy Szechuan Sauce

## Lemony Chickpea Quinoa Salad

More Posts from this Category

### SUMMER RECIPES!

## Heirloom Tomato Salad with Toasted Walnuts & Smoked Blue Cheese

## Crispy Vegan Quinoa Cakes with Tomato-Chickpea Relish

## Healthy Spaghetti with Fresh Tomato Sauce

## Watermelon Salad

## Tomato Peach Gazpacho

## Cooling Cucumber Gazpacho

## The BEST Gazpacho (Chunky or Smooth)

## Summer Panzanella Salad

## Footer

**👆Back to Top**

......

**👉 All Recipes**

**👉 Vegan& Vegetarian Recipes **

**👉 Easy Weeknight Dinners**

**👉Fish and Seafood Recipes**

**👉Chicken Recipes**

**👉Breakfast Recipes**

**👉Recipe Collections**

.....

Privacy Policy

Accessibility Policy

Photo & Recipe Policy

Comment Policy

.....

**SUBSCRIBE TO THE BLOG**

Copyright © 2022 Feasting at Home

**Five simple habits that will  ** **immediately**

**improve** **your nutrition, energy, and health.  **

YES, I LOVE MY BODY!

5 GENIUS SECRETS

 to Healthier Dinners!

FREE BONUS:

 WHERE HEALTHY MEETS DELICIOUS!  ⭐️  SIGN UP AND GET MY FREE PLANT-BASED GUIDE
🌿

SUBSCRIBE

