https://theodehlicious.com/thai-fish-green-curry/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Food Adventure
  * Blog Resources
  * Recipe Index
  * Search

menu icon

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Free Ebook
  * Subscribe
  * Food Review
  * Blog Resources

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Free Ebook
  * Subscribe
  * Food Review
  * Blog Resources

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

×

Home » Recipes » Recipes

# Thai Fish Green Curry Recipe

Published: Aug 30, 2020 · Updated: Apr 11, 2022 by Saif Al Deen Odeh with 11
Comments

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

_**Thai Fish Green Curry**  is a popular Thai curry recipe that is mix with
coconut milk, vegetables, fish, and spices. It is served with white rice and
other vegetable dishes._

Thai food is one of my favorite cuisines in the world in which they are rich
in flavor and spices. Furthermore, I have tried many of their food, and I
noticed their dishes are very diverse, which is sour, spicy, sweet, and salty.
It is not surprising to say that Thai cuisine is considered one of the best
foreign food in the world.

Beside Chicken Pad Thai, one of my favorite Thai foods that I enjoy is Thai
Fish Curry. What fascinates me is that the curry from Thailand is different
than the one in India or the Middle East. It is usually in the form of a paste
that is mix with coconut milk, lemongrass, and fresh spices. Also, I find it
spicier and healthier since it is rich in vegetables and green leaves, which
by the way, I love spicy food.

Because I love Thai food, I will be making my spicy and easy recipe for Thai
Fish Green Curry.

## Recipe Ingredient

The ingredients of cooking a Thai Fish Green Curry Recipe is quite easy. Here
is the ingredients you need below:

**PROTEIN:** Since this is fish curry, I am using **fish steak** or **boneless
fish**. I don't suggest using small fish or fish with bones since you may
spend time removing the bones while eating. In my experience, I lost my
appetite if the fish has many bones.

**SPICES:** The main ingredient you need for this recipe is the **Thai green
paste** , which you can find it in any Asian grocery store. The paste itself
is mildly spicy, and it contains all the spices of ginger, garlic, lemongrass,
green leaves & plants. That way, it is more convenient when cooking this dish.

**VEGETABLES** For healthy vegetables, I use **green beans** in my dish. And
to enhance the spiciness, I add the **green chilies**. If you don't want your
green curry too spicy, the chilies are optional.

**PLANT:** One green leave or plant that gives a nice flavor of the fish green
curry is **lemongrass**. I add one stalk of lemongrass on the sauce while
simmering, which will guarantee the curry to be flavorful.

**CONDIMENT:** **Fish sauce, brown sugar** , **yellow lemon** , and **coconut
milk** are 4 important condiments that will enhance the flavor of the curry
sauce. The fish sauce provides the fishy taste and saltiness which serve as an
alternative to salt. The lemon is used for adding sourness of the curry. The
Sugar and Coconut milk will add the sweetness to the sauce. Lastly, the
coconut milk will also be used to fill up the sauce.

**OTHER INGREDIENTS:** I use **red onions** and **vegetable oil** for sauteing
the paste and the rest f the ingredients.

## Cooking Instruction

Cooking the Thai Fish Green Curry Recipe is easy and straightforward.

  *   * 

Firstly, add the vegetable oil in a saute pan or skillet. Once the oil hot,
add red onion and stir for a minute or till it is almost cooked. After that,
add the Thai green paste and give a quick stir.

  *   * 

Once the green paste is mixed, add the boneless fish in the pan. Slowly stir
to mix the fish with the paste for a few minutes. Later, add the coconut milk,
fish sauce, sugar, and lemongrass in the pan. Stir to mix.

  *   * 

When the sauce of the Thai curry started to boil, add the green chilies and
green beans. Adjust the gas stove to low heat and let it simmer for 10 to 15
minutes. While simmering, drizzle with a drop of lemon juice. Mix for one more
time before turning off the heat.

Serve the Thai green curry with white rice and other desired dish. Enjoy!

## Recipe FAQS

**1\. What type of Fish I can use for this Thai Curry?**

In this recipe, I am using Spanish Mackerel Steak since it has more meat and
fewer bones. But, you can also use Snapper, Grouper, Salmon, or any boneless
fish you like.

**2\. What other vegetables I can add in my Fish Thai Green Curry Recipe?**

Aside from Green beans, you can add Spinach or Thai basil. They blend well in
most Thai dishes.

**3\. Is it necessary to wash the fish before cooking?**

If the fish is fresh, I don't wash them at all, and I cooked it right away.
However, if the fish has a strong odor, I wash it with water first; then add a
pinch of salt and add a drop of lime/lemon juice, and then I let it sit there
for few minutes. It will help remove the smell of the fish.  
  
 **Note:** There is no need to rewash the fish with water.

**4\. Does this recipe works in Thai Red Curry Paste instead of Green curry?**

Absolutely! These ingredients work well if using Thai Red Paste. The only
thing is that the taste will be different.

**5\. What do you serve and eat this dish with?**

Fish Thai Green Curry is best eaten with white rice. You can use either long
grain Jasmine rice or short-grain rice. Also, I like to serve it with my Asian
vegetarian side dishes such as Stir-Fried Bitter Melon with Egg and Vegetable
Lumpia.

## Thai Fish Green Curry Recipe

Saif Al Deen Odeh

Thai Fish Green Curry is a Thai Curry Recipe that is mix with coconut milk,
green vegetables, boneless fish, and Thai green paste.

4.84 from 18 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 5 mins

Cook Time 20 mins

Course Main

Cuisine Thai

Servings 4 servings

Calories 440 kcal

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * 500 grams of Boneless Fish
  * 2 cups of coconut milk
  * 2 tablespoons of Thai green paste
  * 100 grams of Green Beans
  * 2 tablespoon of Vegetable Oil
  * 3 tablespoons of fish sauce
  * 1 small chopped red onion
  * 1 stalk of lemon grass
  * 2 pieces green chilies
  * 1 tablespoon brown sugar
  * 1 half slice lemon

### Instructions



  * Add vegetable oil in the pan. Once the oil is hot, add chopped red onions and give a stir for a few minutes till it is almost cooked.

  * Add the Thai green paste in the pan and give a quick stir.

  * Once the green paste is fully mixed, add the boneless fish in the pan.

  * Slowly stir to mix the fish with the paste for a few minutes.

  * Add the coconut milk, fish sauce, sugar and lemongrass in the pan. Stir to mix.

  * Once the Thai curry started to boil, add the green chilies and green beans.

  * Lower the fire to low heat and let it simmer for 10 to 15 minutes.

  * When simmering, drizzle with a drop of lemon juice. Mix again before turning off the heat.

### Notes

* Alternatively, you can add 1 cup of water and 1 cup of coconut milk instead of 2 cup of coconut milk

### Nutrition

Calories: 440kcal

Keyword fish curry, thai fish green curry, thai green curry

Tried this recipe?Let us know how it was!

## More Recipes

  * Chicken Shawarma Rice Recipe

  * Jollibee Tuna Pie Recipe using Bread

  * Spicy Prawn Masala Recipe

  * Roasted Aubergine Dip Recipe (Baba Ganoush)

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Nart at Cooking with Nart

September 01, 2020 at 5:12 pm

  
Looks delicious! I've never cooked it with fish!

Reply

    * Saif

September 03, 2020 at 12:15 pm

It is one of my delicious Thai dish. I am sure you are going to love this
dish.

Reply

  2. Angela

September 01, 2020 at 8:21 pm

  
What a great way to cook fish, if it had bones it would just fall off them.
But it is so tender when simmered in the curry sauce.

Reply

    * Saif

September 03, 2020 at 12:16 pm

I agree every word you say. Not only it is tender but it is very tasty too.

Reply

  3. The Gourmet Country Girl

September 01, 2020 at 10:29 pm

I just love curry! I love how you added fish sauce and brown sugar to round
out the flavors, otherwise the curry may have overpowered the delicate flavor
of the fish. The coconut oil brings everything together beautifully. Very
nice!

Reply

    * Saif

September 02, 2020 at 9:15 am

Thanks Christy. The saltiness from the fish sauce and the sweetness from brown
sugar helps balance the curry sauce. It is delicious and a popular Thai dish
and I am sure you will love it.

Reply

  4. Sid

September 02, 2020 at 1:58 am

Thanks for the recipe. I’m going to make it with some beautiful halibut that
just came my way!

Reply

    * Saif

September 03, 2020 at 12:21 pm

Your welcome Sid. As long you debone the Halibut, it will be perfect for this
curry dish. Let me know if you make one.

Reply

  5. Beth

September 03, 2020 at 4:27 am

  
This sounds so good! I appreciate your tip about what to do if the fish has a
fishy smell, though of course fresh is best.

Reply

  6. Jacqueline Debono

September 03, 2020 at 6:02 pm

  
I have made Thai red curry with fish but never green. Definitely want to try
it! Thai is one of my favourite cuisines too!

Reply

  7. Lathiya

September 06, 2020 at 8:46 pm

  
I love fish but never tried Thai curries. This looks awesome.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

## Primary Sidebar

### About Me

**Hi, I'm Saif!** I am a Filipino Jordanian Food cook that love to make and
share delicious Halal Friendly Filipino, Asian, Middle Eastern and other foods
from around the world

More about me →

### Latest Recipe

  * 25 Best Asian Beef Recipes to Try

  * Tofu Sisig Recipe

  * Ful Medames Recipe (Egyptian Fava bean)

  * Chicken Pancit Canton Recipe

## Footer

↑ back to top

###

### About

  * About Me
  * Contact
  * Copyright Compliant
  * Privacy Policy

###

Copyright © 2020 **The Odehlicious** on the Foodie Pro Theme on Genesis
Framework

  * 84Pinterest
  * Facebook
  * Twitter

84 shares

