https://hereinthemidst.com/2019/07/18/steamed-fish-with-pak-choi-in-parchment/


Skip to content

InstagramFacebookPinterest

Search for:

  * About
  * Shop
  * Recipes
  * Create
  * Advice
  * Family

  * About
  * Shop
  * Recipes
  * Create
  * Advice
  * Family

Previous Next

Steamed Fish + Pak Choi in Parchment

### { Steamed Fish + Pak Choi in Parchment }

This tender dish is deliciously simple and flavourful. It is the perfect meal
to make just for one, two, or many mouths. The veggie star from our garden in
this one is the pak choi (baby bok choy), which grows light and leafy green,
and the fragrant green onions. The crisp stalks and leaves of the pak choi
have a nice mild flavour as well as boasting many health benefits, and are
always ready for a light saute, stir fry, or a steam such as this.

Cooking in parchment (en papillote) seals in the moisture and yields a silken
entree and deliciously crisp-tender vegetables. It's easily done too. Simply
cut a large square of parchment and fold in half, place vegetables and fish to
one side of the crease, dress with preferred seasonings, then fold parchment
over and crimp around the edges to seal. Baking time is a mere 10-12 minutes
to yield a perfect personal meal. The chili, ginger, and soy flavouring on
this dish (see recipe below) is a simple and perfect addition.

This tasty recipe (and stunning photographs) was created by one of our
favourite Edmonton food bloggers (and farm fan), Jessica Musslewhite of
MUSHROOMS & THYME blog. (For more fabulous food inspiration, be sure to check
her out!) In the meantime, give yourself some time off from busy meal prep and
just whisk this small handful of ingredients together for an easy and flavour-
filled meal.

Print Recipe

## Steamed Fish and Pak Choi in Parchment

Recipe is for one individual package. Multiple quantities depending on how
many filets you are cooking.

Prep Time10 mins

Cook Time10 mins

Total Time20 mins

Servings: 1 serving

### Ingredients

  * 6 oz fillet of cod or white fish
  * 4-6  stems pak choi
  * 1 sprig green onion cut into 3-4" strips

#### Dressing:

  * 1/4 tsp lime zest
  * 1 tsp lime juice
  * 1 tsp fresh ginger grated
  * 3 tsp soy sauce
  * 1/2 tsp sesame seed oil
  * 2 tsp olive oil
  * 1/2 tsp red chili flakes or sliced birds eye chilies (optional)
  * salt and pepper to taste

### Instructions

  * Preheat oven to 450 degrees. Mix lime zest and juice, ginger, soy sauce, sesame seed oil, olive oil and red pepper flask in a small bowl. Whisk with a fork to combine.

  * Cut an 18-inch piece of parchment and fold in half lengthwise.

  *  Place the pak choi and fillet along each folded crease. Season the fillet with salt and pepper. Dress both the fillet and pak choi with the dressing and springs of green onion.

  * Fold parchment over fish and crimp the sides of paper over itself like you are making a dumpling or perogy. Make sure the folds are tight to keep in the steam as it cooks.

  *  Place on a baking sheet and bake for 10 to 12 minutes. Cut the packets just before serving; be careful of any escaping steam. 

andrea2020-12-27T19:28:41+00:00

#### Share this post >>

FacebookTwitterPinterestEmail

##  Related Posts

  * ####  Swiss Chard + Artchoke Dip

August 4th, 2022 | 0 Comments

  * ####  Turnip Stacks with Parmesan and Dill

July 28th, 2022 | 0 Comments

  * ####  Saskatoon and Cream Cheese Star Bread

July 21st, 2022 | 0 Comments

  * ####  Saskatoon + Plum Pavlova with Vanilla Whipped Cream

July 16th, 2022 | 0 Comments

  * ####  Beet Greens Smoothie

July 7th, 2022 | 0 Comments

## Leave A Comment Cancel reply

Comment

Δ

Search for:

#### Recent Posts

  * Swiss Chard + Artchoke Dip
  * Turnip Stacks with Parmesan and Dill
  * Saskatoon and Cream Cheese Star Bread
  * Saskatoon + Plum Pavlova with Vanilla Whipped Cream
  * Beet Greens Smoothie

#### This Is Us

Farmers. Food Lovers. Parents of five. Cultivating creativity and connection
while sustainably farming market garden vegetables in the beautiful Alberta
prairies.

#### Categories

  * Advice
  * Blog
  * Create
  * Family
  * Recipes
  * Uncategorized

Follow

  * Popular
  * Recent
  * Comments

  * Garlic Scape Pesto

July 4th, 2019

  * Coconut Creamed Swiss Chard

July 25th, 2019

  * Saskatoon Vinaigrette

April 1st, 2019

  * Swiss Chard + Artchoke Dip

August 4th, 2022

  * Turnip Stacks with Parmesan and Dill

July 28th, 2022

  * Saskatoon and Cream Cheese Star Bread

July 21st, 2022

  * andrea says:

So great to hear! We love that lemony kick too.

  * K. says:

Our family LOVED this dish! It is very fresh tasting and we…

  * andrea says:

That's wonderful! Glad you were able to alter it to work for…

© Copyright 2017 | by Grey Arrow Farm | All Rights Reserved | Powered by
WordPress

InstagramFacebookPinterest

Page load link

error: Content is protected !!

Go to Top

