https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/garlic-ginger-fish-bok-choy/754f811d-b357-4383-9fe7-c2d1a8985c85


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Garlic and ginger fish with bok choy

  * _10m_ prep
  * _20m_ cook
  * _4_ servings 

12

Save Recipe

159 people saved this

6 people made this

Soy sauce and ginger infuse this fish dish with the flavours of Asia.

J

Jo-Anne Quinn

352 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain fish and soybean.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 11 Ingredients 
  * 3 Method Steps 

#### 11 Ingredients

  * 200g (1 cup) jasmine rice

  * 1 small carrot, peeled 

  * 60ml (1/4 cup) soy sauce 

  * 2 tsp fish sauce 

  * 1 tsp caster sugar 

  * 4 (about 700g) nile perch fillets, halved crossways 

  * 1 bundle baby bok choy, stems trimmed, washed, dried 

  * 2 garlic cloves thinly sliced 

  * 5cm piece fresh ginger, peeled, cut into matchsticks 

  * Freshly ground black pepper 

  * 1 lemon, cut into wedges, to serve 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 3 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Preheat oven to 180Â°C. Cook rice  (200g (1 cup) jasmine rice) in a large
saucepan of salted boiling water, following packet directions or until tender.
Drain and cover to keep warm.

  * Step 2

Meanwhile, use a vegetable peeler to peel the carrot  (1 small carrot, peeled)
lengthways into ribbons. Combine the soy sauce  (60ml (1/4 cup) soy sauce),
fish sauce  (2 tsp fish sauce) and sugar  (1 tsp caster sugar) in a bowl.

  * Step 3

Line the base and sides of a large roasting pan with foil. Divide carrot into
4 portions in lined pan. Top each with a piece of fish  (4 (about 700g) nile
perch fillets, halved crossways), then bok choy  (1 bundle baby bok choy,
stems trimmed, washed, dried). Place remaining fish on top and pour sauce
mixture over. Sprinkle with garlic  (2 garlic cloves thinly sliced), ginger
(5cm piece fresh ginger, peeled, cut into matchsticks) and pepper  (Freshly
ground black pepper). Cover with foil and secure around pan edges. Bake in
preheated oven for 15 minutes or until fish flakes when tested. Place rice on
plates, top with fish stacks and drizzle with pan juices. Serve with lemon  (1
lemon, cut into wedges, to serve).

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

6 people made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

159 people saved this

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by Mark O'meara

##  Popular on Taste

  1. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  2. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

  3. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

  4. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

  5. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  6. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  7. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

  8. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

