https://www.abelandcole.co.uk/recipes/roast-teriyaki-fish-with-pak-choi-noodles


Recipes| Blog| Producers Call us





Contact us|

Log in |

Sign up

Menu

Menu

Menu

£0.00  1





Home

  * Log out
  * Log in   |Sign up

About us

FAQs

  * Call us
  * Recipes

Go to checkout

Home Recipes Roast Teriyaki Fish with Pak Choi & Noodles

# Roast Teriyaki Fish with Pak Choi & Noodles

Sorrel Scott

40 mins

4 people

All the fragrant flavours of a stir-fry in a tin roast. Made with succulent
teriyaki-marinated fish pieces, tender pak choi, sweet red pepper and carrot
ribbons, and served with a tangle of noodles, fresh coriander and a squeeze of
lime.

Share with your friends

  *   *   * 

## Ingredients

  * A thumb of ginger
  * 2 garlic cloves
  * 2 limes
  * A handful of coriander, leaves only
  * 50g teriyaki sauce
  * 3 tbsp sunflower, coconut, or olive oil
  * 1 red onion
  * 2 carrots
  * 1 red pepper
  * 1 pak choi
  * Sea salt
  * 680g fish pie mix
  * 250g Asia noodles

Prep: 20 mins | Cook: 20 mins

Add Ingredients To Basket

## Method

1\.  Preheat your oven to 200°C/Fan 180°C/Gas 6. Line a large roasting tin
with foil.

2\.  Peel and finely grate the ginger and garlic into a large bowl. Finely
grate the zest from both limes into the bowl and squeeze in the juice from 1
(set the other aside for later). Finely chop the coriander stalks and add
those to the bowl (set the leaves aside for later). Stir in the teriyaki sauce
and 1 tbsp oil. Set aside.

3\.  Peel and thinly slice the red onion. Trim and peel the carrots. Using a
vegetable peeler, shave ribbons off the carrots, turning them as you go. When
you get to the middle, finely slice the core. Halve the red pepper and scoop
out the seeds and white pith. Slice the pepper as thinly as possible. Trim the
base off the pak choi and chop the stalks into 2cm-long pieces. Set the pak
choi leaves to one side.

4\.  Tip the onion, carrots, pepper and pak choi stems into the roasting tin.
Pour over 2 tbsp oil, season with a pinch of salt and toss to coat. Spread the
veg in a single layer, then slide into the oven for 10 mins.

5\.  While the veg roast, add the fish pie mix to the teriyaki marinade. Turn
to coat the fish in the marinade and set aside.

6\.  Remove the tin from the oven and add the fish pieces. Tuck in the pak
choi leaves. Pour over the marinade from the bowl. Slide back into the oven
for 10 mins. The fish will be cooked through – check by pressing a larger
piece with the back of a fork. It should be opaque and flake easily.

7\.  While the fish bakes, fill and boil your kettle. Pour the hot water from
the kettle into a large pan and add a large pinch of salt. Bring the water
back up to the boil, then carefully add the noodles. Simmer for 4-6 mins till
the noodles are tender, then drain.

8\.  Cut the zested lime into 4 wedges. Roughly chop the coriander leaves.

9\.  Remove the tin from the oven. The veg should be tender with a slight bite
and the fish cooked through. Divide the noodles between 4 shallow bowls. Top
with the teriyaki fish and veg. Scatter over the coriander leaves and serve
with a wedge of lime to squeeze over.

Add main ingredients to basket

  * Ginger, Organic (100g)

£1.40

Add

-

1

+

(£1.40 per 100g)

  * Garlic, Organic (100g min, 2 bulbs)

£2.00

Sold out

(£2.00 per 100g)

  * Limes, Organic (500g)

£3.85

Sold out

(77p per 100g)

Unwaxed

  * Coriander, Organic (30g)

£2.10

Add

-

1

+

(70p per 10g)

Limited availability

  * Teriyaki Sauce, Organic, Biona (240ml)

£3.30

Sold out

(£1.38 per 100ml)

  * Red Onions, Organic (500g)

£2.00

Add

-

1

+

(40p per 100g)

  * Carrots, Organic (500g)

£1.25

Sold out

(25p per 100g)

  * Red Peppers, Organic (2 pieces)

£3.00

Sold out

(£1.50 each)

  * Pak Choi, Organic (each)

£2.75

Add

-

1

+

(£2.75 each)

  * Fish Pie Mix, Abel & Cole, (340g)

£7.50

Add

-

1

+

(£2.21 per 100g)

  * Asia Noodles, Organic, Biona (250g)

£2.65

Add

-

1

+

(£1.06 per 100g)

Add cupboard ingredients to basket

  * Sunflower Oil, Organic, Mr Organic, (750ml)

£7.05

Add

-

1

+

(94p per 100ml)

  * Cornish Sea Salt (225g)

£2.40

Add

-

1

+

(£1.07 per 100g)

Make a list of your favourite things by clicking on the heart. This will come
in handy when placing your orders.

Start your favourites list now

Log in

New to Abel & Cole? Sign up here  
  
Back to the shop

You'll need to log in to leave a rating & comment

Log in

Momma

Rate

  * Log in
  * This week's boxes
  * Refer a friend
  * About us
  * Jobs
  * Blog
  * Office delivery

  * Contact us
  * FAQ
  * Recipes
  * Sustainability
  * Modern slavery statement
  * Refund & Return Policy

## Love veg, recipes & news?

Sign up to our newsletter

What will I receive?

We will send you weekly emails full of our latest sustainable picks, exciting
offers, recipes and other related news. You can of course opt out at any time.
You can see our full privacy policy here.

  *   *   *   *   * 

  * organics@abelandcole.co.uk
  * 03452 62 62 62 
  * 

  *   *   * 

## Love veg, recipes & news?

Sign up to our newsletter

What will I receive?

We will send you weekly emails full of our latest sustainable picks, exciting
offers, recipes and other related news. You can of course opt out at any time.
You can see our full privacy policy here.

  * Privacy & Cookies
  * Terms & Conditions
  * © 2022 Abel & Cole Ltd
  * Green Peas

