https://www.linsfood.com/chinese-steamed-sea-bass/


﻿ Skip to content

  * Collections Menu Toggle
    * Eggless Recipes
    * Kashmiri Cuisine
    * Persian Recipes
    * Risotto Recipes
    * Tagine Recipes
    * The Chilli Pepper Page
    * Margaritas
  * World Cuisines
  * Online Classes

Search for: _ _

  * Home
  * Recipes Menu Toggle
    * Seasonal Recipes Menu Toggle
      * Summer Recipes
      * Autumn (Fall) Recipes
      * Winter Recipes
      * Spring Recipes
    * Canapès and Starters
    * Salads
    * Alcohol Free Drinks
    * Drinks
    * Desserts
    * Cakes
    * Curries
    * Healthy Recipes
    * Salads
    * Vegetarian
    * Vegan
  * Festive Menu Toggle
    * Eid Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Diwali Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes
    * Chinese New Year Recipes
    * Valentine’s Day Recipes
    * Nowruz Recipes
    * Ramadan Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
  * Edible Garden
  * Ingredients
  * Media
  * About

  * Home
  * Recipes Menu Toggle
    * Seasonal Recipes Menu Toggle
      * Summer Recipes
      * Autumn (Fall) Recipes
      * Winter Recipes
      * Spring Recipes
    * Canapès and Starters
    * Salads
    * Alcohol Free Drinks
    * Drinks
    * Desserts
    * Cakes
    * Curries
    * Healthy Recipes
    * Salads
    * Vegetarian
    * Vegan
  * Festive Menu Toggle
    * Eid Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Diwali Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes
    * Chinese New Year Recipes
    * Valentine’s Day Recipes
    * Nowruz Recipes
    * Ramadan Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
  * Edible Garden
  * Ingredients
  * Media
  * About

Main Menu

Search for: _ _

  * Home
  * Recipes Menu Toggle
    * Seasonal Recipes Menu Toggle
      * Summer Recipes
      * Autumn (Fall) Recipes
      * Winter Recipes
      * Spring Recipes
    * Canapès and Starters
    * Salads
    * Alcohol Free Drinks
    * Drinks
    * Desserts
    * Cakes
    * Curries
    * Healthy Recipes
    * Salads
    * Vegetarian
    * Vegan
  * Festive Menu Toggle
    * Eid Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Diwali Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes
    * Chinese New Year Recipes
    * Valentine’s Day Recipes
    * Nowruz Recipes
    * Ramadan Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
  * Edible Garden
  * Ingredients
  * Media
  * About

  * Collections Menu Toggle
    * Eggless Recipes
    * Kashmiri Cuisine
    * Persian Recipes
    * Risotto Recipes
    * Tagine Recipes
    * The Chilli Pepper Page
    * Margaritas
  * World Cuisines
  * Online Classes

Search for: _ _

  * Home
  * Recipes Menu Toggle
    * Seasonal Recipes Menu Toggle
      * Summer Recipes
      * Autumn (Fall) Recipes
      * Winter Recipes
      * Spring Recipes
    * Canapès and Starters
    * Salads
    * Alcohol Free Drinks
    * Drinks
    * Desserts
    * Cakes
    * Curries
    * Healthy Recipes
    * Salads
    * Vegetarian
    * Vegan
  * Festive Menu Toggle
    * Eid Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Diwali Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes
    * Chinese New Year Recipes
    * Valentine’s Day Recipes
    * Nowruz Recipes
    * Ramadan Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
  * Edible Garden
  * Ingredients
  * Media
  * About

  * Home
  * Recipes Menu Toggle
    * Seasonal Recipes Menu Toggle
      * Summer Recipes
      * Autumn (Fall) Recipes
      * Winter Recipes
      * Spring Recipes
    * Canapès and Starters
    * Salads
    * Alcohol Free Drinks
    * Drinks
    * Desserts
    * Cakes
    * Curries
    * Healthy Recipes
    * Salads
    * Vegetarian
    * Vegan
  * Festive Menu Toggle
    * Eid Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Diwali Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes
    * Chinese New Year Recipes
    * Valentine’s Day Recipes
    * Nowruz Recipes
    * Ramadan Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
  * Edible Garden
  * Ingredients
  * Media
  * About

Main Menu

Search for: _ _

  * Home
  * Recipes Menu Toggle
    * Seasonal Recipes Menu Toggle
      * Summer Recipes
      * Autumn (Fall) Recipes
      * Winter Recipes
      * Spring Recipes
    * Canapès and Starters
    * Salads
    * Alcohol Free Drinks
    * Drinks
    * Desserts
    * Cakes
    * Curries
    * Healthy Recipes
    * Salads
    * Vegetarian
    * Vegan
  * Festive Menu Toggle
    * Eid Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Diwali Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes
    * Chinese New Year Recipes
    * Valentine’s Day Recipes
    * Nowruz Recipes
    * Ramadan Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
  * Edible Garden
  * Ingredients
  * Media
  * About

# Chinese Steamed Sea Bass with Pak Choi (perfect for Chinese New Year)

20/01/2019 30/01/2022 /  15 Comments

This restaurant style Chinese Steamed Sea Bass is a popular recipe in many
Chinese homes for special occasions. Perfect for Chinese New Year.

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

Chinese Steamed Sea Bass

Estimated reading time: 5 minutes

**First published 2013. Updated 202** 1.

This restaurant style Chinese Steamed Sea Bass is a popular recipe in many
Chinese homes for special occasions, and most certainly, during the reunion
dinner on the eve of the Chinese New Year.

## Table of contents

  * Chinese New Year Symbolism
  * Chinese Steamed Sea Bass Recipe
  * How to Steam your Sea Bass
  * Not keen on whole fish?
  * How to serve the Chinese Steamed Sea Bass
  * More Chinese Recipes on LinsFood
  * More Singapore and Malaysian Chinese Recipes on LinsFood

## Chinese New Year Symbolism

A whole fish, complete with its head and tail, makes a pretty impressive table
centrepiece. Not unlike the holiday roast in many Western cultures.

Symbolism plays a big part in Chinese culture and is observed when devising a
celebratory menu. Fish is always present as the Mandarin word for fish (yú)
sounds like over abundance. Therefore, the fish dish symbolizes the desire and
wish for much prosperity and wealth.

When a fish is served with its head and tail intact, that denotes the wish for
a good beginning and end to the New Year.

You can read more about Chinese New Year celebrations on the Chinese New Year
recipe page here on LinsFood

The aromatics are delicious with the fish

## Chinese Steamed Sea Bass Recipe

This is an extremely easy recipe to make at home. The marinade/flavourings is
a matter of preference, keep it simple, as I’ve done here or not.

I’ve gone for just soy sauce, rice wine and sesame oil to flavour the fish,
allowing the delicate fish meat to be enjoyed to its fullest. However, you
could, if you like, add oyster sauce to the marinade, fermented beans
(taucheo) and even miso paste, for a bit of an umami kick.

**Don’t know the difference between light, dark and sweet soy sauce?** Click
here to read more.

## How to Steam your Sea Bass

If you don’t have a steamer, especially one big enough to hold a whole fish,
improvise.

  1. Use the biggest wok or deep frying pan you have.
  2. Place either a small metal trivet or a small saucer in it. If you’re using a saucer, invert it.
  3. And fill it with water to about 5cm/2″ high.
  4. Cover it tightly, either with a lid, or use foil.

⇒ That’s your makeshift steamer. See the images in the recipe card.

## Not keen on whole fish?

If you are not keen on a whole fish, the same recipe can be made with fish
fillets, ready prepared by your fishmonger. I know many folks who can’t stand
the idea of looking at the fish’s eyes on the dinner table! So make the whole
recipe with some white fish fillets, just as tasty, and less fiddly.

## How to serve the Chinese Steamed Sea Bass

This sea bass will be perfect as part of an Oriental menu, whether that’s a
completely Chinese menu, or mix it up with some Thai, Vietnamese, Japanese or
Korean recipes.

## More Chinese Recipes on LinsFood

Marmalade Duck with Sichuan Peppercorns Chicken in Sichuan Chilli Oil Sauce
Vegan Mapo Tofu Roast Chicken with Sichuan Peppercorns

## More Singapore and Malaysian Chinese Recipes on LinsFood

Singapore Beef and Seafood Hor Fun Bak Chor Mee, Singapore Chinese Noodles
recipe Char Kway Teow Singapore Chilli Lobster

If you like the recipe, don’t forget to leave me a comment and that all
important, 5-star rating! _Xièxie!_  
  
And if you make the recipe, share it on any platform and tag me @azlinbloor.  
  
Lin xx

## Chinese Steamed Sea Bass

This restaurant style Chinese Steamed Sea Bass is a popular recipe in many
Chinese homes for special occasions. Perfect for Chinese New Year.

5 from 22 votes

Print Pin Add to Collection Go to Collections

Course: Side Dish

Cuisine: Chinese

Keyword: chinese, fish, healthy

Prep Time: 15 minutes

Cook Time: 12 minutes

Servings: 2

Calories: 267kcal

Author: Azlin Bloor

### Equipment

  * a steamer or a makeshift one using a large saucepan

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 1 whole sea bass about 300g/10.5 oz
  * ▢ 6 pak choi bunches
  * ▢ 2 medium tomatoes
  * ▢ 2 spring onions scallions
  * ▢ 5 cm (2 in) long fresh ginger
  * ▢ 1 mild red chilli
  * ▢ freshly ground white pepper black will do too
  * ▢ fresh coriander cilantro, chopped for garnishing
  * ▢ 1 Tbsp sesame oil

#### Marinade

  * ▢ 2 Tbsp light soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 Tbsp Chinese rice wine or dry sherry, or 1/2 tsp vinegar
  * ▢ 1 Tbsp sesame oil

### Instructions

  * Make 3 diagonal slashes on both sides of the fish to help with the cooking.

  * Mix the marinade ingredients and marinate the fish with half the marinade while you get all the other ingredients ready. Be sure to rub it in between the slashes you made.

  * Clean and cut the stems off the pak choi, leaving them whole.

  * Slice the tomatoes.

  * Thinly slice (julienne) the spring onions, ginger and chilli, as in the pictures.

  * Decide on the dish that you are going to cook and serve the fish on. It doesn’t matter if the head and tail hang over the edges. Line the dish with the tomatoes, followed by the pak choi.

  * Place the marinated fish on the vegetables.

  * Tuck a few ginger strips in the slices you made. Top the fish with half the aromatics – the spring onions, ginger and chilli strips. Keep the rest to top the finished dish with.

  * Drizzle the rest of the marinade all over the fish and aromatics.

  * Sprinkle some pepper, then steam the fish for 10 minutes. If you are using a makeshift steamer, the water wants to be simmering, not boiling. Check that the fish is cooked. You can do this by just lifting the meat off the bone with a butter knife or something similar. The meat should be completely opaque. If not done, give it another 2-3 minutes.

  * Chop up the coriander (cilantro) while waiting for the fish to cook.

  * When the fish is done, heat the 1 Tbsp of sesame oil in a small frying pan on medium heat. When smoking, quickly fry the rest of the spring onions, ginger and chillies for 10 seconds and pour this aromatic oil all over the fish.

  * Top with the coriander and serve immediately.

### Nutrition

Calories: 267kcal | Carbohydrates: 10g | Protein: 21g | Fat: 16g | Saturated
Fat: 3g | Cholesterol: 43mg | Sodium: 1064mg | Potassium: 706mg | Fiber: 3g |
Sugar: 4g | Vitamin A: 2717IU | Vitamin C: 40mg | Calcium: 99mg | Iron: 2mg

Did you make this recipe?Mention @azlinbloor and tag #linsfood!

Made it? Upload your photosMention @azlinbloor and tag #linsfood!

Post navigation

← Previous Post

Next Post →

###  15 thoughts on “Chinese Steamed Sea Bass with Pak Choi (perfect for
Chinese New Year)”

  1. **malavika**

19/04/2019 at 9:21 am

nice dish

Reply

  2. **Kenta**

10/02/2019 at 3:05 pm

Very colorful steamed sea bass!  
We as the Japanese braise snapper / yellowtail (head) often with daikon.

Reply

    1. **Azlin Bloor**

14/02/2019 at 9:00 am

That sounds wonderful!

Reply

  3. **Lisa**

23/01/2019 at 9:11 am

I keep eyeing the whole fish in the supermarket, but never buy them as I’m not
quite sure what to do with them. I’ll have to try this recipe out. It sounds
easy and delicious! If I make it with fillets, do they need to be from a
certain kind of fish, or will any white fish do?

Reply

    1. **Azlin Bloor**

23/01/2019 at 9:51 am

Thanks Lisa. Yes, any firm, white fish will do. Cod is a little bland, so you
might want to add the other ingredients, like oyster sauce, as suggested.

Reply

  4. **Joy Mills**

22/01/2019 at 2:00 pm

Thanks, I’m going to make it for lunch this weekend. What otherfish can I use
besides seabass?

Reply

    1. **Azlin Bloor**

23/01/2019 at 9:51 am

That’s cool. Any white fish will do.

Reply

  5. **Matt Best**

22/01/2019 at 10:47 am

Very timely. Trying to eat more fish and less meat this month. Cheers.

Reply

    1. **Azlin Bloor**

23/01/2019 at 9:50 am

Cheers Matt.

Reply

  6. **Pamela Chin**

21/01/2019 at 11:32 am

Wonderful! I’m not able to go back home this year, and have decided to invite
some friends to help me celebrate the Reunion dinner. I love the wide
selection you have on your cny page. And this is a good start. thanks Azlin.

Reply

    1. **Azlin Bloor**

23/01/2019 at 9:50 am

A pleasure, Pamela. Glad you find the recipes helpful. Shame you can’t go
home, but a special dinner with friends is always good!

Reply

  7. **Liz Rankin**

20/01/2019 at 1:05 pm

Thank you Azlin. I’ve always wanted to try this but all the recipes I see are
so complicated. Yours looks nice and easy.

Reply

    1. **Azlin Bloor**

23/01/2019 at 9:49 am

Thank you Liz.

Reply

  8. **Tatiana Christov**

20/01/2019 at 12:39 pm

This is a classic dish I love to order in restaurants and you describe the
process brilliantly! I can’t wait to cook this next weekend. Thank you so
much.

Reply

    1. **Azlin Bloor**

23/01/2019 at 9:49 am

A pleasure, thank you, Tatiana.

Reply

### Leave a Comment Cancel Reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Type here..

Name*

E-mail*

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

Hey, I’m Azlin Bloor; born and bred Singaporean, adopted Brit, former chef and
culinary instructor.  
Click here to read more about me!

Fancy something different?  
Check out my other blog:  
Singaporean & Malaysian Recipes

  * About Me
  * Privacy Policy
  * Cookie Policy

Copyright © 2022 LinsFood | by Azlin Bloor

  *   *   *   * 

