https://www.ocado.com/webshop/recipe/steamed-fish-with-sichuan-sauce-and-greens/208824


**Oh dear, it looks like your browser is out of date.**

For security, you need to update your browser before shopping with us. Or, try
shopping on our  smartphone and tablet app.

**Hello there. Please enable JavaScript.**

We regularly develop our site to make it simpler and better. Please enable
JavaScript in your browser to make sure you can always use our site.

Why not use our award-winning  tablet and smartphone app?

  * Skip to main navigation 
  * Skip to content 
  * Skip to trolley 
  * Skip to search 

  *   *   *   *   *   *   *   * 

Help Centre

Find a list of products

Use a list

Find a list  
of products

cancel

Close **Type in a list of products and we will find them for you.**

Search

Finding products with a list is really easy. Simply type in an item and hit
the "Enter" button after each one.

Once you've made your list, we can use it to find all the items that you want.

My Ocado

  * Orders 
  * Shopping Lists 
  * Ocado Coupons 
  * Recipes 
  * Account Settings 
  * Help Centre 

__Checkout

__Checkout

Minimum spend of £40

### Below min. order

To check out, your trolley needs to be £40 for delivery

__View trolley

__Book a delivery

£0.00

savings £0.00

0

Previous

Previous

Your trolley is empty

__Book a delivery

__View full trolley



  1. __ Browse Shop 

  2. __ Favourites 
  3. Offers 

    * All Offers
    * Ocado Coupons
    * Meal Deals
    * Bundle Offers
    * Half Price
    * Buy One Add One Free
    * 3 for £10 on Meat, Fish & Chicken
    * Top Multi-Buy Offers

The Baby Sale is back

Shop now

3 for £10 on meat, poultry and fish. That’s 3 meals sorted for £10.

Shop now

Time to treat yourself

Shop now

Unmissable deals for all

Shop now

Get 3 for £8 on deli food for your picnic

Shop now

  4. Inspire Me 

    * New
    * Recommended For You
    * Recipes
    * Ocado Own Range
    * M&S; at Ocado
    * Value Just For You
    * In Season
    * Gourmet Food Market
    * Conscious Choices
    * Vegan Shop

Tomatoes, sweetcorn, avocados and more this August

Shop now

Get an A* for school preparations

Shop now

Make mealtimes magical with Ocado’s Disney–inspired meal bundles

Shop now

Create the tastes of Carnival at home

Shop now

Save on makeup, haircare, fragrance and more

Shop now

  5. Easy Shopping 

Type in a whole list of items and find them in one go.

Search for a list

Always get your favourite slot without lifting a finger.

Choose your slot

Tell us which items to add to your trolley each week.

Choose your Regulars

Add your saved Lists to your trolley in a flash.

Create a List

  6. __Smart Pass

You are in:

  * Recipes
  * Steamed Fish with Sichuan Sauce and…

# Steamed Fish with Sichuan Sauce and Greens

Brought to you by:

Author: The Guardian

Be the first to review this recipe

###  Prep time: ** 10 mins **

###  Cook time: ** 20 mins **

###  Serves: **2**

Perfect for Chinese New Year celebrations but just as delicious at any time of
year, this steamed fish with Sichuan sauce is from the former MasterChef
champion, restaurateur and Guardian Feast writer and cook, Thomasina Miers.
Served with pak choi, but any tender young greens work well, it’s a really
tasty and easy to cook dish for two. Sichuan is a province in southwest China,
yet this spicy sauce is popular all over the world. We love the addition of
chilli oil in this dish, and highly recommend always having a bottle in the
cupboard.  
  
Photograph: Yuki Sugiura/The Guardian. Food and prop styling: Aya Nishimura.
Food assistant: Sophie Denmead.

###### Share recipe

Share  Pin it  Print

Ingredients  Method

#### Ingredients

Add all to trolley

  * 1 big thumb of ginger, peeled and cut into matchsticks
  * 1 large cod fillets
  * 1 star anise, bashed into small pieces
  * 2 tbsp light soy sauce
  * 1 tsp caster sugar
  * 1 tsp chilli oil
  * 1 tsp sesame oil
  * 4 small pak choi
  * 2 tbsp vegetable oil
  * 2 spring onions, trimmed and sliced diagonally

#### Method

###### Step 1

Set a large steamer over a pan of simmering water. Take a plate that will fit
inside the steamer (or a sheet of foil), sprinkle it with half the ginger and
lay the fish on top. Cover with the rest of the ginger, then sit the plate or
foil in the steamer over the simmering water. Cover and cook for 10-12 mins,
until tender.

###### Step 2

Meanwhile, gently warm the sauce ingredients - the star anise, light soy
sauce, caster sugar, chilli oil and sesame oil - in a small pan, stirring
until the sugar dissolves, then keep warm.

###### Step 3

Lift the fish plate out of the steamer, put the pak choi in its place and
steam for 3-4 mins, until tender.

###### Step 4

Keep the fish on the plate, but pour away any liquid that’s collected during
cooking. Warm the vegetable oil in a very small pan until sizzling hot.
Scatter the spring onions over the fish and, once the oil is very hot, pour it
over the top.

###### Step 5

Transfer the fish to plates with the cooked pak choi, spoon over the soy and
chilli sauce, and serve immediately.

### Shop the ingredients

  * On Offer

Value

LIFE 5d+

####  Ocado Root Ginger  125g

125g

##### £1.05

8.4p per 10g

(150)

Everyday Savers

Add to trolley

  * Offer

####  Amoy Soy Sauce Light  150ml

150ml

##### £1.55

£1.03 per 100ml

(12)

Buy noodles, stir fry sauces & soy for £3

Buy noodles, stir fry sauces & soy for £3

Add to trolley

  * Offer

####  Filippo Berio Chilli Flavoured Olive Oil  250ml

250ml

##### £3

£4.50  £1.20 per 100ml

(31)

Save 1/3, was £4.50

Save 1/3, was £4.50

Add to trolley

  * Offer

####  Schwartz Star Anise Jar  10g

10g

##### £1.85

£18.50 per 100g

Review this product

Buy any 3 save 20%

Buy any 3 save 20%

Add to trolley

  * Other

LIFE 2d+

####  M&S; Salad Onions  150g

150g

##### 80p

53.3p per 100g

(145)

Add to trolley

  * ####  Ocado Caster Sugar  1kg

1kg

##### £1.90

19p per 100g

(3)

Add to trolley

  * LIFE 3d+

####  Ocado 2 Cod Fillets Skin On & Boneless  Typically: 275g

Typically: 275g

##### £4.54

£16.50 per kg

(153)

Add to trolley

  * ####  Lee Kum Kee Pure Sesame Oil  207ml

207ml

##### £3.25

£1.57 per 100ml

(24)

Add to trolley

  * LIFE 3d+

####  M&S; Pak Choi  250g

250g

##### £1.75

70p per 100g

(22)

Add to trolley

  * ####  Hunter & Gather Cold Pressed Extra Virgin Avocado Oil  250ml

250ml

##### £7.20

£2.88 per 100ml

(77)

Add to trolley

### You might like

Back to top

The online supermarket

Desktop site

Download our Apps

* * *

####  Help Centre

  * Frequently asked questions
  * Terms & Conditions
  * Privacy & Cookie Policy
  * Security Policy
  * Bag Recycling Information
  * Accessibility Statement

####  Corporate

  * ocadoretail.com
  * marksandspencer.com
  * Sustainability
  * Modern Slavery Statement
  * Contact Us
  * Alcohol Policy

####  Careers

  * Working for us
  * Locations

####

If we don't stock what you are looking for, try sending us a  product request

* * *

(C) 2022 &copy; {0} All rights reserved. Ocado Retail Limited

  * Corporate
|

  * Careers
|

  * Sitemap
|

  * Terms of Use
|

  * Modern Slavery Act statement

Desktop site  (C) 2022 All rights reserved. Ocado Retail Limited

