https://www.thetakeiteasychef.com/chilli-fried-prawns-recipe


### Follow us

  * facebook
  * twitter
  * instagram
  * pinterest
  * google

  * Indian Cuisine
    * Karnataka
    * Kerala
    * Goan
    * Indian
    * South Indian
  * Asian Cuisine
    * Asian
    * Burmese
    * Chinese
    * Korean
  * International Cuisine
    * American
    * British
    * Continental
    * English
    * Global
    * Italian
    * Morroccan

The take it easy chef

  * Home
  * About Me
  * Starters
  * Main Course
  * Desserts
  * More
    * Kitchen Tips & Tricks
    * Wraps
    * Pickles
    * Salads
    * Breakfast
  * Recipe Index

  * Home
  * About Me
  * Starters
  * Main Course
  * Desserts
  * More
    * Kitchen Tips & Tricks
    * Wraps
    * Pickles
    * Salads
    * Breakfast
  * Recipe Index

  * Home
  * About Me
  * Starters
  * Main Course
  * Desserts
  * More
    * Kitchen Tips & Tricks
    * Wraps
    * Pickles
    * Salads
    * Breakfast
  * Recipe Index

Home ¬ª Chilli Fried Prawns

# Chilli Fried Prawns

in beginner, seafood, Starters

Jump to Recipe \- Print Recipe

> Are you worried how you can add a little oomph to your late night dinner
> preps after a busy day at work? This chilli fried prawns recipe is for you!

Planning to unwind with a chilled drink and a book after a long, tiring day?
This prawn fry will be your perfect accompaniment. It'll be ready in no time,
and you get the rest of the evening to yourself.

In most of the _Indian_ recipes we cook, I end up using a variety of
ingredients, or _masalas_ as we call them. Almost all _Indian_ dishes that we
make include a dash of turmeric powder. Similarly onions, ginger, and garlic
are some of the most frequently used ingredients in our kitchen. For quite
sometime, I have been thinking of cooking up something with very minimal
ingredients. Last weekend when I got some fresh prawns (that too pretty big
ones), I thought I'll take that as an opportunity, and dial down on the number
of items that go in.

 _Chilli fried prawns with a garnish of curry leaves, and lime slices_

This simple chilli fried prawns recipe uses prawns (of course!), chilli
powder, vinegar, salt and oil (to fry). You can add some curry leaves, and a
few slices of lime. But that's absolutely optional, and I am not counting them
in the list of items required for this recipe. Essentially, that makes this a
5 ingredient recipe!

> This chilli fried prawns is the prawn fry of good times! Just five
> ingredients, minimum cooking time, and maximum deliciousness - that
> summarises this recipe!

Chilli powder, salt and vinegar is mixed to form the marinade. Coat the prawns
with this paste, and leave for a few minutes to soak up the flavours. Fry them
on a pan with just enough oil. You get a lovely plate of fried prawns.

 _Fried Prawns_

The only question you need to ask is how much time you should fry the prawns.
It largely depends on the texture you want to have. Do you like your prawns
juicy? A cook time of about 6 minutes will do (roughly 3 minutes for each
side). Do you like them a tad crispy? Keep them in the pan for a longer time.

Now go ahead, and start cooking! Step-by-step recipe below.

If you like this recipe, you might like the following prawns/shrimp recipes as
well.

  * Prawns Peera
  * Creamy Ginger Prawns (Shrimp)
  * Butter & Garlic Fried Prawns
  * Kerala Prawn Curry

Print Recipe

## Chilli fried prawns

This chilli fried prawns is the prawn fry of good times. Just five
ingredients, minimum cooking time, and maximum deliciousness!

Prep Time5 mins

Cook Time10 mins

Total Time20 mins

Course: Appetizer, Side Dish

Cuisine: Indian, Kerala

Keyword: chemmeen, jhinga, jinga, prawns, shrimp

Servings: 20 pieces

### Ingredients

  * 20 medium prawns or shrimp
  * 2 tablespoon kashmiri chilli powder or paprika
  * 1 vinegar
  * salt to taste
  * 1 tablespoon oil olive, vegetable, coconut, any oil of your choice
  * 1 sprig curry leaves optional
  * 1 lime optional

### Instructions

  * Clean the prawns and devein them. You can score them using a knife to soak up the marinade.

  * Add chilli powder, vinegar, and salt in a mixing bowl.

  * Mix well, add the prawns, and coat them in this marinade.

  * Give it a five minutes to absorb the flavours

  * Heat some oil, enough to coat the surface, in a nonstick pan.

  * Fry the prawns on a high flame turning them over frequently.

  * Each side should get roughly 3 minutes of cooking time each. We are looking for a nice golden brown consistency from the fried chilli coating.

  * Transfer the fried prawns to a plate.

  * Lower the flame, and fry some curry leaves.

  * Garnish the prawns with the curry leaves, and some lime slices. Serve hot and fresh.

### Notes

  * If you are using whole prawns you can retain the tail part like shown in this recipe
  * You'll have to fry bigger prawns for a couple more minutes
  * If you like your prawns crispy (and a tad rubbery) cook for more than the recommended 6 minutes. I like these extra fried ones as well üôÇ
  * Curry leaves and lime wedges are optional
  * Alternatively, you can garnish with cilantro or mint leaves as well

### Related Posts:

  * Prawns Peera (Chemmeen Peera)
  * Kerala prawn curry
  * Butter & Garlic Fried Prawns

### Share this!

  * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
  * Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
  * Click to print (Opens in new window)
  * 

###  _Related_

#### Tags

fried prawns fried shrimp prawns prawns fry seafood shrimp

### 2 Comments

  1. Sundari Giri

June, 2017 at 3:43 am  *  Reply

Simple and quick, but tasty. I am 100%vegetarian, but I gave this recipe to my
children. They tried it out and loved it.

    * The Take It Easy Chef

June, 2017 at 11:30 am  *  Reply

Thank you very much Sundari!!! There is nothing more joyful than a
recommendation for your recipe, and learning that it was well received. üôÇ

### Leave a Comment Cancel

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Message

Name *

Email Address *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

Notify me of new posts by email.

Œî

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

### Instagram

##### Arun Velekkat

@thetakeiteasychef

Biriyani Lover, Food Blogger, Food Writer in that order. I write about simple,
honest food using local, organic produce.

  *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   * 

View on Instagram

@thetakeiteasychef

‚Ä¢

Follow

Place one or two parottas on a plate. Pour a generous helping of chicken salna
on the side. Let the curry slowly trickle into the crispy, flaky parotta. When
they meet, there is magic! Tear a piece of parotta soaked in the salna and put
it in your mouth. Gently chew and feel all the textures - The crispiness of
the outer layers. The slightly soggy bit with the salna. This is street food
at its best. This is an improved version of the chicken salna I had posted
before. I thought this would be a good one to resume here. . This chicken
salna recipe, like many other popular recipes on this blog, is from a mom's
kitchen. I got this recipe from my cousin. He sourced it from a friend who got
it from his mom. This chicken salna recipe will help you cook your favourite
street food in the comfort of your kitchen. . Check out the recipe from the
link in the bio. . . . #TheTakeItEasyChef #parotta #malabarparotta
#chennaistreetfood #madurai #parottasalna #salna #tamilnadufood #chickensalna
#tamilfood #chennai #southindianfood #indianchicken #homecooking
#foodphotography #indianfood #vscofood #yahoofood #foodtalkindia #sonyimages
#sonyalpha #sonyalphasclub #sonyphotogallery #foodblogfeed #bengalurudiaries
#recipeoftheday #easyrecipe #foodoftheday #homemade

3 weeks ago

View on Instagram |

1/9

@thetakeiteasychef

‚Ä¢

Follow

Feels great to be back! As we used to do before, let's cook some delicious
food! . . . #thetakeiteasychef #indianfood #localfood #foodphotography
#foodporn #foodstagram #foodblogger #instafood #foodlover #yummy #delicious
#foodgasm #homemade #foodpics #instagood #foodies #foodiesofinstagram
#healthyfood #tasty #dinner #indianfood #love #cooking #lunch #bhfyp
#foodstyling #dessert #foodblog #foodpic #breakfast #foodlovers

3 weeks ago

View on Instagram |

2/9

@thetakeiteasychef

‚Ä¢

Follow

Are you one of those gentle souls who love their potato snacks but has been
trying to stay away as they are almost always deep-fried? If yes, this baked
potato wedges is your redemption. . These baked potato wedges are crispy on
the outside, succulent on the inside, and packed with a load of flavours! You
got to try it only once to believe how good they are! . If you are looking for
a delicious, yet healthy and easy-to-make snack, you don‚Äôt have to look beyond
these oven-baked potato wedges! . Check out the easy recipe with step-by-step
recipes from the link in the bio. . . . . . #thetakeiteasychef #potatowedges
#potatowedgesüçü #frenchfries #whatveganeats #bestofvegan #bakedpotatoes
#comfortfood #whatvegetarianseat #bakedchips #crisps #homebaking #potatochips
#foodphotography #feedfeed #vscofood #yahoofood #foodtalkindia #recipeoftheday
#easyrecipe #foodoftheday #eathealthy #healthyeating #homecooking #food52
#potatocrisps #bakedpotato #bakedpotatoes #homefries #chilifries

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

3/9

@thetakeiteasychef

‚Ä¢

Follow

This whole wheat jaggery cake is a healthier take on the classic pound cake.
This delightful cake is moist, light, and airy and a perfect companion for
your hot cup of tea! . We are not using regular flour or sugar. Instead, we
have healthier calories from whole wheat flour and jaggery. Instead of butter,
the main ingredient is oil. The only butter in this recipe is for greasing the
cake pan. By the way, did I tell you that this is an eggless cake as well? .
Check out the recipe from the link in the bio. . .This recipe is from the
uber-talented Shreya of @sugar.dust.bangalore . . . #thetakeiteasychef #cake
#cakes#eggless #wholewheat#wholewheatcake #egglesscake#vegetarian #sweet
#dessert#foodgram #baking #realsimple#foodstyling #foodandrustic#thebakefeed
#jaggery #homebaking . . . #whatveganeats #whatvegetarianseat
#eatingfortheinsta #buzzfeast #feedyoursoull #heresmyfood #foodphotography
#feedfeed #vscofood #yahoofood #foodtalkindia #recipeoftheday

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

4/9

@thetakeiteasychef

‚Ä¢

Follow

Think of potato podimas as a flavourful Indian version of mashed potatoes
cooked with a seasoning of mustard seeds, urad dal, and curry leaves. .
Imagine the fragrance when mustard seeds, urad dal, and fresh curry leaves are
tempered in oil. Now add mashed potatoes to the pan. The smooth, creamy mashed
potatoes will absorb all the great flavours. That, my friends, is the story of
any good potato podimas! . There is nothing pretentious about potato podimas!
It is a simple preparation with some basic ingredients. For an Indian recipe,
it requires very few spices. Potato podimas is probably a South Indian
rendition of the classic mashed potatoes. But it is quintessentially Indian
and a delicious dish that you can put together without any effort. . Check out
the easy recipe with step-by-step pictures from the link in the bio. . . . . .
. #thetakeiteasychef #homemade #indiancuisine #podimas #potato #potatoes
#potatocurry #potatopodimas #indianvegetarian #indianvegetarianfood #poriyal
#healthyrecipes #plantbaseddiet #healthycooking #vegetarian
#whatvegetarianseat #whatveganeats #homecooking #food52 #foodphotography
#feedfeed #indianfood #vscofood #yahoofood #foodtalkindia #cooking
#recipeoftheday #easyrecipe #foodoftheday #buzzfeedfood

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

5/9

@thetakeiteasychef

‚Ä¢

Follow

Burmese Khow Suey - Khow Suey is probably the first thing that comes to mind
when you think about Burmese cuisine. . If something can be called a bowl of
happiness, this could well be it. Burmese Khow Suey is a delicious noodle dish
made with egg noodles, curried chicken and coconut milk. Served with a variety
of condiments, each spoon full of soup you eat will be bursting with flavours!
. There are many variants of Khow Suey recipes. Chefs across the world have
tailored it to suit their local preferences and ingredients that are easily
available in their kitchens. In some recipes, you‚Äôll see fish sauce and
peanuts, while in some others chicken stock, paprika and cayenne peppers. .
This is ‚ÄòThe Take It Easy‚Äô version of Khow Suey. I have used only those
ingredients that I could source fresh in India. Try it this weekend. Have a
big, hearty bowl of happiness! . Check out the easy recipe with step-by-step
pictures from the link in the bio. . . . . . . #TheTakeItEasyChef #khowsuey
#burma #khowsueyüç≤ #khowsueyrecipe #burmese #burmesefood #burmesekhowsuey
#burmesekhaosuey #khaosuey #noodlesoup #eggnoodles #eggnoodlesoup
#foodblogfeed #easyrecipes #simplefood #bangalorefoodies #recipesfromscratch
#homecooking #foodphotography #vscofood #yahoofood #foodtalkindia #sonyalpha
#foodblogfeed #bengalurudiaries #recipeoftheday #easyrecipe #foodoftheday
#homemade

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

6/9

@thetakeiteasychef

‚Ä¢

Follow

Chilli Fried Prawns üç§ This chilli fried prawns is the prawn fry of good times!
Just five ingredients, minimum cooking time, and maximum deliciousness ‚Äì that
summarises this recipe! . Are you worried how you can add a little oomph to
your late night dinner preps after a busy day at work? This chilli fried
prawns recipe is for you! Planning to unwind with a chilled drink and a book
after a long, tiring day? This prawn fry will be your perfect accompaniment.
It‚Äôll be ready in no time, and you get the rest of the evening to yourself. .
Chilli powder, salt and vinegar is combined to form the marinade. Coat the
prawns with this paste, and leave for a few minutes to soak up the flavours.
Fry them on a pan with just enough oil. You get a lovely plate of fried
prawns. . Recipe from the link in the bio. . . . #thetakeiteasychef #shrimp
#jhinga #friedprawns #masalaprawns #SaveOurOcean #eatinseason #FoodTalkIndia
#prawns #keralafood #GodsOwnCountry #thaninaadan #saltandpeppershrimp
#foodblogfeed #easyrecipes #simplefood #bangalorefoodies #recipesfromscratch
#homecooking #foodphotography #indianfood #vscofood #yahoofood #sonyalpha
#foodblogfeed #bengalurudiaries #recipeoftheday #easyrecipe #foodoftheday
#homemade

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

7/9

@thetakeiteasychef

‚Ä¢

Follow

Easy Butter Chicken . Now you can create a restaurant-style butter chicken
without spending hours in the kitchen. This easy butter chicken is so easy
that you can add it to your weekday cooking plans. . Succulent pieces of
chicken marinated in a yoghurt base and cooked in an onion-tomato paste with
select whole spices and butter. This butter chicken recipe is a crowd-pleaser.
. I have dialled back the richness quotient so that you don‚Äôt have to feel
guilty savouring this delicious chicken curry. I have kept cream as an
optional ingredient. I found that one can still make a good butter chicken
without adding any cream. . Check out the step-by-step recipe and pictures
from the link in my bio. . . . #thetakeiteasychef #homemade
#butterchickencurry #indiancuisine #indiancurry #chickencurry #butterchicken
#myfab5 #f52grams #dailyfoodfeed #lovefood #eatingfortheinsta #buzzfeast
#feedyoursoull #heresmyfood #eater #eattheworld #homecooking #food52
#foodphotography #feedfeed #indianfood #vscofood #yahoofood #foodtalkindia
#cooking #recipeoftheday #easyrecipe #foodoftheday #buzzfeedfood

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

8/9

@thetakeiteasychef

‚Ä¢

Follow

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

9/9

### Follow me

  * facebook
  * twitter
  * instagram
  * pinterest
  * stumbleupon
  * google

### About the chef

### Sweet Tooth

### A healthy pick

Copyright ¬© 2019 Arun velekkat & The Take It Easy Chef -- Designed by WPZOOM

