https://www.whiskaffair.com/dry-prawn-chilli/#about-this-recipe


﻿

  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * Indian Recipes
  * Meal Type
    * Salads
    * Soups
    * Appetizers
    * Main Course
    * Desserts
  * My Cookbook
  * Subscribe
  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * Indian Recipes
  * My Cookbook

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

×

Whisk Affair » Recipes » Meal Type » Global Snacks/ Appetizers » Chilli Prawns

Published: Sep 21, 2020 | Last Updated On: Sep 22, 2020 by Neha Mathur

# Chilli Prawns

1185 shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe

A sizzling combination of sautéed prawns, asian sauces, and fresh greens
onions, these Indian styles crispy Dry Chilli Prawns are very appetizing.
These get ready in under 20 minutes and uses very few and basic ingredients.
Here is how to make it.

Serve them on their own or pair with Hot and Sour Soup or Hakka Noodles for a
hearty Asian style meal.

Jump to:

  * About This Recipe
  * Ingredients
  * Step By Step Recipe
  * Frequently Asked Questions
  * Storage Suggestions
  * Pro Tips By Neha
  * Recipe Card

## About This Recipe

Whenever I go to an Asian restaurant, my eyes search for something that is
spicy and crispy, especially when it comes to Prawns recipe. And these Chilli
Prawns are just my absolute favorite.

If I see Prawn Chilli on the menu, I had to order them. Not only me, but even
my husband also enjoys it as much as I do. Therefore, one day when we both
were craving for this delicious Chilli Prawns, but we were absolutely in no
mood to go out, I decided to make it at home itself and the result for just
lip-smacking.

The plate got wiped up clean in minutes. A sizzling combination of batter-
fried crispy prawns, umpteen sauces, and fresh greens, prawn chili fry with
capsicum has definitely become one of my favorite starters to make at home.

If you are a fan of Chinese food, you are sure to love this completely
different take on prawns without a doubt!

So, the coming weekend, do plan out an exclusive Chinese meal for your family
and make sure that you even serve them this finger-licking Dry Prawn Chilli
which is both delicious and wholesome!

If you love Chicken Chilli and also love seafood, then this Chilli Prawns dish
is for you.

Here are some more **Prawn Recipes** , that you can try your hands on – Orange
Garlic Prawns, Grilled Sambal Prawns, Prawn Coconut Curry, Prawn Pulao, Kerala
Prawn Curry, Lemony Garlic Butter Shrimp, and Shrimp Quinoa Fried Rice.

This Chilli Prawns recipe is,

  * Crispy and saucy
  * Spicy
  * Absolutely lip-smacking
  * Easy to make
  * A perfect party starter

## Ingredients

## Step By Step Recipe

Wash and clean the prawns and pat them dry using a kitchen towel. Add prawns
in a bowl along with egg, salt, black pepper powder, maida, cornflour, and 1
teaspoon soy sauce. Let the prawns marinate for 10 minutes.

Heat oil for frying in a pan. When the oil is hot, simmer the heat to medium
and add the prawns. Fry until nicely browned and crispy.

Drain and keep aside.

Heat ghee in a wok. You can use oil as well but ghee gives it a very yummy
taste. Trust my words and try it once.

Add onion, ginger, and garlic and fry on high heat for 1-2 minutes.

Add capsicum and green chillies and fry for another minute.

Crumble the chicken stock cube.

Add soy sauce, red chilli sauce and vinegar along with ½ cup of water and cook
for 2-3 minutes.

Add the prawns and toss them in the masala.  

Garnish with spring onion greens.  

## Frequently Asked Questions

**What are the benefits of eating Prawns?**

Considered to be an excellent source of selenium, prawns help in curing
cancer.  
  
It also helps in improving the circulation of blood, controls the pressure of
blood, and even contains a protein that acts as building blocks for the body.  
Moreover, prawns also have a good amount of calcium, which enhances the health
of bones and teeth.  
  
It also helps in curing umpteen skin diseases as it is loaded with Vitamin-E.
But, best of all, it is loaded with vitamin B-12, it helps in maintaining the
complete wellness of the body.  

**How to make the Prawns crispy?**

Fry the prawns on medium-high heat. If the heat is low, they will not become
crunchy and if the heat is very high, they will burn from outside.  
  
Fry the prawns in batches. I fried this amount in 3 batches.  
  
If you want to serve this for a party, fry the prawns once and drain and keep
aside. Make the sauce and keep it aside. Once ready to serve, heat oil and fry
the prawns on high heat once again until crisp and heat the sauce again. Then
toss them together and serve immediately.

**How to make Chilli Prawns Gravy?**

To make Chilli Garlic Prawns Gravy, add 1-½ cup Water after adding all the
sauces. To make it a little thick, add in 1 teaspoon cornflour in a little
water and add in the curry. Once it becomes a little thick, add in the fried
prawns, mix and garnish with green onions.

**How to make Chilli Prawns without deep frying the prawns?**

If you do not want to deep fry the prawns, you can simply cook the marinated
prawns on a skillet for about a minute from both the sides. Do not overcook
the prawns or they will turn chewy and rubbery.  
  
You can also air fry the battered prawns or even bake them in an oven.

**Can we use frozen prawns for this dish?**

Yes, you can definitely use frozen prawns. Just add the frozen prawns in a
bowl full of water for some time. Once they have been defrosted, pat them dry
with a kitchen towel and they are good to use.

### Serving Suggestions

Chilli Prawns are served on its own as a starter, but if you are serving it
for the main course, you can serve it along with some Indo Chinese Noodles,
Fried Rice, Gravy, and some Momos or Dimsums for a full meal.

You can try Noodles and Rice recipes such as Veg Hakka Noodles, Chilli Garlic
Noodles, Peanut Sesame Noodles, Chicken Hakka Noodles, Schezwan Fried Rice,
Chinese Egg Fried Rice, Vegetable Fried Rice, or Easy Mushroom Fried Rice.

## Storage Suggestions

I will suggest you prepare this Chilli Prawns fresh, as they tend to lose
their crispiness and become soft. But if you still have leftovers, you can
store them for about 2 days if made fresh.

Also, if you are planning to make this dish, buy fresh prawns. The shelve life
of cooked and raw prawns is the same, so the shelve life of this Chilli Prawns
will same as the raw prawns.

## Pro Tips By Neha

You can use any size of Prawns to make this Chilli Prawns, but I like to
prepare it with medium sized prawns.

If you want to make it a little healthier, pan fry them instead of deep
frying.

Prawns cook very quickly, so make sure you do not overcook them otherwise they
will become chewy.

Do not make it ahead of time. Make it fresh for the best taste.

You can adjust the amount of red chili sauce and green chilies, as per your
taste and preference.

**You might also like**

  * Chicken Fried Rice

  * Thai Pineapple Fried Rice

  * Vegetables in Hot Garlic Sauce

  * Asian Chicken Meatballs

## Recipe Card

Loved this recipe?Click here to leave a review and give us a five star rating
★★★★★

## Chilli Prawns Recipe

A sizzling combination of sauteed prawns, umpteen sauces and fresh greens
onions, this Indian style Chinese crispy **dry chilli prawns** is very
appetizing. Here is a simple recipe of how to make it at home.

4.84 from 6 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Appetiser

Cuisine: Indo Chinese

Prep Time: 10 minutes

Cook Time: 20 minutes

Total Time: 30 minutes

Servings: 4 people

Calories: 243kcal

Author: Neha Mathur

### Ingredients

1x2x3x

  * ▢ 400 g Medium sized prawns 
  * ▢ ½ Egg 
  * ▢ Salt to taste
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon Black pepper powder 
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon Maida
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon Cornflour
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon Soy sauce 
  * ▢ Vegetable oil  (For frying)
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Ghee
  * ▢ 1 cup Onion (Finely chopped)
  * ▢ 2 teaspoon Garlic  (Finely chopped)
  * ▢ 2 teaspoon Ginger  (Finely chopped)
  * ▢ 1 cup Capsicum (Cubed)
  * ▢ 5-6 Green chillies (Slit into half)
  * ▢ 1 Chicken Stock cube
  * ▢ 2 teaspoon Soy sauce 
  * ▢ 2 teaspoon Red chilli sauce 
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon Vinegar
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon Spring Onion greens (Chopped)
  * ▢ Salt & Pepepr

US Customary or Metric

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Instructions

  * Wash and clean the prawns and tap them dry using a kitchen towel.

  * Add prawns in a bowl along with egg, salt, black pepper powder, maida, cornflour and 1 teaspoon soy sauce.

  * Let the prawns marinate for 10 minutes.

  * Heat oil for frying in a pan.

  * When the oil is hot, add the prawns and fry until nicely browned.

  * Drain and keep aside.

  * Heat ghee in a wok.

  * Add onion, ginger and garlic and fry on high heat for 1-2 minutes.

  * Add capsicum and green chillies and fry for another minute.

  * Crumble the chicken stock cube.

  * Add soy sauce, red chilli sauce and vinegar along with ½ cup of water and cook for 2-3 minutes.

  * Adjust salt and pepper.

  * Add the prawns and toss them in the masala.

  * Garnish with spring onion greens.

  * Serve immediately.

### Notes

You can make the sauce in vegetable oil in place of ghee. But ghee gives a
very delicious taste to this dish.

If you like it to be spicier, add Sriracha sauce while adding other sauce. You
can also add yellow bell pepper and red bell pepper to make it look colorful
and more appealing.

You can also use fresh chicken stock instead of chicken stock cubes for this
recipe. Sprinkle some roasted sesame seeds too, they add a nice crunch on the
top.

You can use any size of Prawns to make this Chilli Prawn, but I like to
prepare it with medium-sized prawns.

If you want to make it a little healthier, pan fry them instead of deep-
frying.

Prawns cook very quickly, so make sure you do not overcook them otherwise they
will become chewy.

Do not make it ahead of time. Make it fresh for the best taste.

You can adjust the amount of red chili sauce and green chilies, as per your
taste and preference.

### Nutrition

Calories: 243kcal | Carbohydrates: 24g | Protein: 23g | Fat: 6g | Saturated
Fat: 2g | Cholesterol: 282mg | Sodium: 1492mg | Potassium: 291mg | Fiber: 5g |
Sugar: 8g | Vitamin A: 1225IU | Vitamin C: 91mg | Calcium: 176mg | Iron: 3.1mg

Pin this recipe for later use!I LOVE to see your creations so pin and mention
@WhiskAffair!

Sign up for regular updates?I would love to have you as part of my journey.
Click to sign up!

« Sweet and Sour Vegetables

Black Bean Hummus »

## Reader Interactions

### Did you make this recipe? Let me know! Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Sign me up for the newsletter!

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

### Hey! Nice to meet you

Hi! I'm Neha, Blogger & Recipe Expert behind Whisk Affair. I've nurtured Whisk
Affair since 2012 by trying & testing every recipe published. Be sure that it
will turn out good each time! Read More about me…

### Stay Connected

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

### My Cookbook

**Buy Now on Amazon**

### Most Popular Recipes

  * Hibachi Fried Rice

  * Lemon Garlic Baked Tilapia

  * Creamy Garlic Parmesan Sauce

  * Lemon Tea

  * Chicken Clear Soup

  * Scrambled Egg Whites

## Footer

* * *

^ back to top

**About**

About Neha

My Cookbook

**Stay Connected**

Sign up! for emails and updates

Contact Me

**Policies**

Privacy Policy

Terms & Conditions

Accessibility Policy

Copyright © 2022 **WhiskAffair Food LLP**

