https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/chilli-garlic-prawns-2/c1c3792b-74d4-49dd-8849-55c9206cd122


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Chilli garlic prawns

  * _05m_ prep
  * _05m_ cook
  * _4_ servings 

17

Save Recipe

846 people saved this

27 people made this

Prawns pan-fried in chilli and finished with lemon and herbs make a spicy and
refreshing meal that's ready in 10 minutes.

M

Michelle Noerianto

406 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain yeast, sulphites, gluten, wheat and milk.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 11 Ingredients 
  * 2 Method Steps 

#### 11 Ingredients

  * 2 tbsp olive oil 

  * 80g butter 

  * 4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced lengthways 

  * 2 long fresh red chillies, finely chopped 

  * 1kg peeled green prawns, with tails intact 

  * 2 tbsp fresh lemon juice 

  * 3 tsp grated lemon rind 

  * 1/4 cup chopped fresh coriander 

  * Rocket leaves, to serve 

  * Crusty bread, sliced, brushed with oil, chargrilled, to serve 

  * Salt, to season 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 2 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Heat the oil  (2 tbsp olive oil) and butter  (80g butter) in a large frying
pan over medium-high heat. Add the garlic  (4 garlic cloves, thinly sliced
lengthways) and chilli  (2 long fresh red chillies, finely chopped) and cook,
stirring, for 1 minute or until aromatic. Add the prawns  (1kg peeled green
prawns, with tails intact) and season with salt  (Salt, to season) and pepper.
Cook, stirring, for 3-4 minutes or until the prawns are just cooked through.

  * Step 2

Add the lemon juice  (2 tbsp fresh lemon juice), lemon rind  (3 tsp grated
lemon rind) and coriander  (1/4 cup chopped fresh coriander) to the prawn
mixture and toss to combine. Divide the prawns among serving plates and serve
with rocket  (Rocket leaves, to serve) and bread  (Crusty bread, sliced,
brushed with oil, chargrilled, to serve).

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

27 people made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

846 people saved this

### Recipe Notes

**With a twist:** To make a Chilli Prawn Panzanella, coarsely tear the bread
and rocket leaves. Toss with the prawn mixture in a bowl.

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by Brett Stevens

##  Popular on Taste

  1. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

  2. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

  3. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  4. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  5. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

  6. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

  7. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

  8. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

