https://www.justapinch.com/recipes/soup/chicken-soup/crispy-chicken-congee.html


Get the App

#### Recipes

Find a Recipe Blue Ribbon Recipes Newest Recipes Pinch It!™ Feed Recipe
Categories What is a Blue Ribbon? Meet the Test Kitchen

#### Content

Food Bites & Articles Videos

#### Community Activities

Groups Contests Shopping

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Soup
  4. Chicken Soup
  5. Crispy Chicken Congee

#  crispy chicken congee

★★★★★  1  Review

review  edit  share  print

34 Pinch It!

Share on Facebook  Share on Pinterest  Share on Twitter  Share in Email  Save
to Yummly

By Geoffry Le Cher

@Geoffry

from Hoover, AL

Every Sunday my wife and I enjoy the most 'refined and dignified' meal of the
day... brunch, but you can only get so far with the standard egg-dishes and
Mimosas. That's when I decided to look East, specificly to Congee, an Asian
rice porridge, that turns up in Chinese households morning, noon, and night.
This thick rendition is made heartier with the addition of chicken and it was
a big hit. (Think of it as Chinese comfort food that is just as 'comfortable'
right here in the USA.) From the creamy, smooth, risotto-like silky goodness
to the crispy chicken bits, to the zing brought by the scallions… it’s all
good. \- Geoffry

►

★★★★★  1  Review

serves 5-6

prep time 30 Min

cook time 2 Hr

method Stove Top

## Ingredients For crispy chicken congee

  * 3 

boneless, skinless chicken thighs

  * 2 Tbsp 

sesame seed oil

  * 2 Tbsp 

low sodium soy sauce

  * 1 qt 

chicken stock

  * 1 c 

water

  * 1/2 c 

chinese rice wine or saki

  * 3 

(1/4-inch-thick) slices fresh ginger

  * 3 

scallions, halved crosswise and smashed with flat side of a heavy knife

  * 1 1/2 c 

long-grain rice

  * 1/4 c 

thinly sliced scallions for garnish

## How To Make crispy chicken congee

  * 1

Bring chicken and broth to a boil in a 5-quart heavy pot, skimming froth. Add
wine, ginger and scallions and cook at a bare simmer, uncovered, 20 minutes,
or until meat is just cooked through. Trasfer chicken to a bowl and continue
to cook stock at a bare simmer, skimming froth as neccessary, 1 hour. Cool
chicken completely and tear into shreds. Place chicken in saute pan with
sesame seeed oil and saute until chicken picks up color and begins to crisp
around the edges. Add soy sauce, cook for an additional minute and then remove
from heat. Set aside. As for the stock, you should have about 7 cups: if less,
add water; if more, cook longer after adding rice.) Return stock to cleaned
pot and add rice. Bring to a boil and stir. Reduce heat to low and simmer,
covered until consistency of oatmeal, about 1 1/4 hours, stirring frequently
during last 1/2 hour of cooking. (Congee will continue to thicken as it
stands. thin with water if necessary.) Season congee with soy sauce. Laddle
into bowls and serve, topped with chicken and chopped scallions.

  * **Last Step: Don't forget to share!** Make all your friends drool by posting a picture of your finished recipe on your favorite social network. And don't forget to tag Just A Pinch and include #justapinchrecipes so we can see it too! 
  * Printable Recipe Card 

## Categories & Tags for Crispy Chicken Congee:

  * Chicken Soups 
  * Chicken 
  * Vietnamese 
  * Stove Top 

See comments

34 Pinch It!

ADVERTISEMENT

ADVERTISEMENT

About Terms of Use Club Rules Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy
Advertising Support

(C) 2022 Just A Pinch Recipe Club, LLC. All rights Reserved.

Powered by American Hometown Media, Inc. • Just A Pinch Food Group • BUILD
2.0.272

