https://www.cooking-therapy.com/chicken-congee/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * About Me
    * Work With Me
    * Contact
    * Disclaimer
  * Subscribe
  * Recipes
    * Recipe Index
    * 30 Minute Meals
    * Appetizers
    * Breakfast
    * Drinks
    * Main Dishes
      * Beef
      * Chicken & Poultry
      * Fish & Seafood
      * Pork
      * Tofu
    * Noodle Bowls & Soups
    * Side Dishes
    * Salads
    * Dips & Sauces
    * Sweets & Desserts
      * Bars & Brownies
      * Cakes
      * Candy & Confectionary
      * Cookies
      * Curds & Custards
      * Donuts
      * Ice Cream
      * Mochi
      * Pies & Tarts
  * Restaurant Guides
  * ## Nav Social Menu

    * Instagram
    * Pinterest

  * search...

Home » Recipes » Noodle Bowls & Soups

Oct 25, 2021(updated May 25, 2022)

# Chicken Congee

4.91 from 20 votes

Leave a comment

by Becca Du

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

The temperature is FINALLY cooling down in LA, so it's about time to bust out
some cozy soup recipes. This is not exactly a soup but it's something I eat a
lot especially when I want a cozy dish. It is chicken congee. This is very
much a Chinese/Vietnamese dish with stuff like dried shrimp and chili oil, but
that's why it has so much flavor! It is a bit of a long cooking experience but
totally worth it in the end.

## Ingredients, Substitutions & Adjustments

### Chicken Broth

  * **Chicken** - I used a 4 pound chicken for this recipe. You can also use 4 pounds of bone in chicken thighs if using an entire chicken is intimidating. Whatever cut of chicken you choose make sure it has some bone. Bones give broth the best flavor.
  *  **Yellow onion** - Adds sweetness to the recipe. A good substitute is a white onion.
  *  **Dried shrimp** - Adds sweetness to the recipe. If you can't find dried shrimp, I would substitute with 1/2 pound of raw shrimp.
  *  **Coriander seeds & fennel seeds** - These 2 herbs add a herbaceous flavor to the broth.
  *  **Low sodium chicken broth** - I would highly recommend using low sodium chicken broth, so you can control the amount of salt in the soup. It's harder to fix a broth that is too salty. If you do use full sodium chicken broth, I would taste the soup as it simmers and adjust the seasoning accordingly.
  *  **Salt & sugar** - The salt brings out the flavors of the other ingredients, and the sugar adds sweetness.

### Congee

  * **Jasmine rice** - Any kind of long grain rice will work for this recipe. Different kinds of rice cook differently, so I would taste the congee for texture as you simmer it.
  *  **Garlic salt** - Adds more seasoning to the rice.
  *  **Garlic** - Adds more flavor to the rice.
  *  **Green onions & cilantro** - Adds freshness and makes the dish look pretty!
  *  **Fried shallots (optional)** - Adds some texture and extra flavor to the dish. This is optional but definitely one of my favorite parts of this congee recipe. I don't make my own fried shallots. I buy pre-made fried shallots at the grocery store.
  *  **Chili oil (optional)** - You can use either chili oil or sesame oil for this congee.
  *  **Pepper (optional)** - Adds more flavor to this dish.

## Making my chicken congee

### Make the chicken broth

The first step is to make your broth. Combine coriander seeds and fennels
seeds in the center of a 8×8 cheese cloth. Tie the corners together to create
your spice package Set aside. Next, add chicken to a large soup pot. Add water
until it just covers the chicken. Bring water to a boil. Once the water boils,
lower to a simmer and add the dried shrimp, onions, spice package, and the
cans of chicken broth. Simmer for 30-40 minutes until the chicken is cooked
through. Make sure to scoop away any impurities you see.

After the chicken is cooked, remove the chicken from the broth and let it cool
for 10 minutes. Continue simmering the soup. Once the chicken is cool enough
to handle, remove the meat from the bones and add the bones back to the broth.
Shred the chicken into small pieces and set aside. Add salt and sugar to the
broth. Simmer for 1 1/2 more hours. The soup should be done after simmering.
Taste the soup to check for seasoning. Add more salt if it tastes too bland.

### Make the chicken congee

Now it's time to make your congee! Rinse your rice and let it sit at room
temperature for ~30 minutes to dry out. Saute the rice, minced garlic and
garlic salt in a small soup pot until the rice turns a light brown color.
Don't use oil for this process. Add 10 cups of stock and bring to a boil.
Lower to a simmer. Simmer for 1 hour on medium low until the rice is mushy.
Add more broth if needed. Make sure to stir every once in awhile, so the rice
at the bottom doesn't burn. Once the rice is done, assemble your bowls of
congee! Add a few spoonfuls of congee to a bowl. Top with green onions,
cilantro, fried shallots, shredded chicken, a few drops of chilli oil, and
pepper to taste. Enjoy!

## An alternative method to making chicken congee

As I was developing this recipe, I started thinking about how long this recipe
takes to make. In total, it takes a little over 4 hours which a lot of people
don't have time for. So I started thinking about how you could shorten it for
those who wanted to make this recipe but didn't have a lot of time. This is
what I came up with.

First for the broth, I would buy pre-made low sodium chicken broth (4-5 cans
of broth). I would bring that broth to a boil and set aside. Make sure to
check for seasoning and add salt to taste. I would then saute the rice and
garlic with butter. Store bought chicken broth doesn't have a ton of flavor,
so adding the butter helps correct for that. After sauteing the rice, I would
follow the rest of the recipe as written. For the shredded chicken on top, I
would buy a rotisserie chicken. Shred it and throw that on top with the rest
of the toppings. That's how you make a cheater version of this recipe!

## Tips on how to make the perfect chicken congee

### **Scooping out impurities is the key to a clear, clean broth**

The key to any good broth is to get rid of the impurities. Impurities are the
foam-y bubbles that float at the top of the broth as you cook it. You can
typically see them when the broth begins to boil. Use a spoon to skim them off
the top.

### Dry out your rice before  **saut eing**

If your rice is not bone dry before your start sauteing it, the rice will tend
to clump up which results in a clumpy congee. I would wash your rice then let
it sit at room temperature for ~30 minutes. In my second test I didn't dry my
rice out enough, so I had to compensate by continually stirring the the rice
until the heat from the stove dries it out. It's definitely more labor
intensive, but it ensures my congee is really smooth.

### Be careful not to burn the rice when you saute it

Burned rice makes for a congee with a funky flavor. The rice should be a
light, golden brown color (see picture for reference) before you start making
the congee.

## Did you make this dish?

If you made this dish, I would love to see!

Follow Cooking Therapy on Instagram, snap a photo, and tag and hashtag it with
@cooking__therapy and #beccascookingtherapy.

Stay connected and follow along on Facebook, Pinterest, and Instagram for all
my latest recipes.

_Disclaimer: If you purchase anything through a link on this site, I may
receive a small commission from the purchase at no extra cost to you. I only
recommend products that I would personally use. Thank you so much for the
support!_

## Chicken Congee

Becca Du

A warm and cozy recipe for chicken congee made with a homemade chicken broth
and topped with some yummy toppings.

4.91 from 20 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 1 hr

Cook Time 3 hrs

Course Soup

Cuisine Asian

Servings 4 people

Calories 860 kcal

### Ingredients



US CustomaryMetric



1x2x3x

#### Chicken Broth

  * 1 whole chicken 4 lbs
  * 2 yellow onions
  * ½ cup dried shrimp
  * 1 tsp coriander seeds
  * 1 tsp fennel seeds
  * 2 cans low sodium chicken broth 14.5 oz
  * 2 tsp salt
  * 1 tsp granulated sugar

#### Congee

  * 1 ½ cup jasmine rice
  * ¼ tsp garlic salt
  * 4 cloves garlic minced
  * 2 stalks green onions minced
  * ¼ cup cilantro roughly chopped
  * 2 tbsp fried shallots
  * 1 tbsp chili oil
  * pepper to taste

### Instructions



  * First make your spice package. Add coriander seeds and fennel seeds to the center of a 8×8 cheese cloth. Tie the corners together to create your little spice package. Set aside.

  * Next, add chicken to a large soup pot. Add water until it just covers the chicken. Bring water to a boil.

  * Once the water boils, lower to a simmer and add the dried shrimp, onions, spice package from step 1, and the cans of chicken broth. Simmer for 30-40 minutes until the chicken is cooked through. Make sure to scoop away any impurities you see.

  * After the chicken is cooked, remove the chicken from the broth and let it cool for 10 minutes. Continue simmering the soup. Once the chicken is cool enough to handle, remove the meat from the bones and add the bones back to the broth. Shred the chicken into small pieces and set aside.

  * Add salt and sugar to the broth. Simmer for 1 1/2 more hours.

  * While the broth is simmering, rinse your rice and let it sit at room temperature for at least 30 minutes. The rice needs to dry out before you start cooking it.

  * After simmering for an hour, the broth should be done at this point. Taste the broth for seasoning. Add salt if it tastes bland.

  * Now it's time to make your congee! Saute rice, minced garlic and garlic salt in a small soup pot until the rice turns a light brown color. Don't use oil for this process.

  * Add 10 cups of stock and bring to a boil. Lower to a simmer. Simmer for 1 hour on medium low until the rice is mushy. Add more broth if needed. Make sure to stir every once in awhile so the rice at the bottom doesn't burn.

  * Once the rice is done, assemble your bowls of congee! Add a few spoonfuls of congee to a bowl. Top with green onions, cilantro, fried shallots, shredded chicken, a few drops of chilli oil, and pepper to taste.

### Notes

  * You will have more broth than you need for the congee. You can use the extra broth for more congee or substitute the congee for noodles to make a yummy Asian chicken noodle soup.
  * **Scooping out impurities is the key to a clear, clean broth** - The key to any good broth is to get rid of the impurities. Impurities are the foam-y bubbles that float at the top of the broth as you cook it. You can typically see them when the broth begins to boil. Use a spoon to skim them off the top.
  * **Dry out your rice before  ** **saut eing** - If your rice is not bone dry before your start sauteing it, the rice will tend to clump up which results in a clumpy congee. I would wash your rice then let it sit at room temperature for ~30 minutes. In my second test I didn't dry my rice out enough, so I had to compensate by continually stirring the the rice until the heat from the stove dries it out. It's definitely more labor intensive, but it ensures my congee is really smooth.
  * **Be careful not to burn the rice when you saute it** - Burned rice makes for a congee with a funky flavor. The rice should be a light, golden brown color (see picture for reference) before you start making the congee.
  *  

### Nutrition

Serving: 1bowlCalories: 860kcalCarbohydrates: 67gProtein: 68gFat: 35gSaturated
Fat: 9gCholesterol: 480mgSodium: 2553mgPotassium: 742mgFiber: 3gSugar:
4gVitamin A: 394IUVitamin C: 10mgCalcium: 198mgIron: 5mg

Keyword chicken congee, chicken congee recipe

Tried this recipe?Let us know how it was!

If you love this post, share it!

  2.3K  

VietnameseDairy-FreeGluten-FreeFallWinter

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Name *

Email *

Website

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### About Me

  
Hello I'm Becca! I believe any day can be made better with a bowl of noodle
soup. Here you will find recipes from my Chinese/Vietnamese heritage and
stories from my experience living here in beautiful LA. Grab a drink and stay
awhile! Read More

### Never Miss A Post!

Subscribe to get monthly doses of cooking inspiration and foodie goodness in
our inbox.

Leave this field empty if you're human:

### Scream for Ice Cream!

## Thai Tea Ice Cream

## How to Make Lavender Ice Cream at Home

## Strawberry Matcha Latte Popsicles

### Search

search...

## Footer

Privacy Policy  · Terms & Conditions  · All Rights Reserved

Copyright (C) 2022 · Cooking Therapy

