https://aromaticessence.co/dragon-chicken-recipe/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * All Recipes
      * American
      * Asian Inspired
      * British
      * French
      * Greek
      * Indian
      * Italian
      * Mexican
      * Middle Eastern
      * Portuguese
      * Thai
    * Beverages
    * Breads
    * Breakfast
    * Desserts
      * Baked goodies
        * Brownies
        * Cakes
          * eggless
        * Cheesecakes
        * Cookies
        * Pies & tarts
      * Eggless Desserts
      * Ice creams
      * Indian Desserts
      * No-bake/ No cook
    * Fast Food Recipes
      * Sandwiches & Burgers
      * Street food
    * Festival/ Holiday sweets
      * Christmas
      * Diwali
      * Easter
      * Holi
      * Other
    * Instant Pot Recipes
      * Instant Pot Meat And Poultry Recipes
      * Instant Pot Vegan & Vegetarian Recipes
      * Instant Pot Indian Recipes
      * Instant Pot Desserts
    * Jams & jellies
    * Main Dishes
      * Eggs
      * Meat, Poultry, And Seafood
      * Vegan And Vegetarian
      * Rice Recipes
    * Side Dishes
      * Dips, Chutneys & Condiments
      * Salad Recipes
      * Snacks And Appetizers
      * Soup Recipes
  * Privacy policy
  * Contact Me
  * Search

Home » Side Dishes » Snacks And Appetizers » Dragon Chicken Recipe

Published: April 20, 2022 Last Modified: April 21, 2022 Freda Dias

# Dragon Chicken Recipe

Jump to Recipe Jump to Video Print Recipe

  * Total4
  * 0Facebook
  * 0Twitter
  * 4Pinterest
  * 0Email
  * 0Reddit
  * 0
  * 0Facebook Messenger
  * 0Mix
  * 

Dragon chicken is a delicious Indo-Chinese appetizer. Crispy chicken strips
and bell peppers are tossed in a spicy sauce with crunchy cashews. Here's an
easy, step-by-step recipe with a quick video tutorial that shows you how to
make this restaurant-worthy dish at home!

There was this restaurant in my late grandma's neighborhood from where we
always ordered dragon chicken. Mom just happened to order it one day after
randomly selecting it from their menu. It was a good find, something different
from the regular sweet and sour or Manchurian or schezwan dishes.

Frankly, this dish has tasted different at the many places I've tried it. But
the restaurant where we tried it first still has my heart. It was the best! So
I've tried to replicate it at home trying to remember the flavors. And this
version is as close to the one I've always enjoyed!

Table of Contents

  * What is dragon chicken?
  * Why you will love this recipe?
  * Ingredients needed 
  * How to make restaurant-style dragon chicken - Step by step process
  * Serving suggestions
  * Storage suggestions
  * Recipe tips 
  * Variations
  * You may also enjoy these Indo-Chinese recipes
  * Dragon Chicken Recipe

## What is dragon chicken?

Dragon chicken is a flavor-packed Indian Chinese dish. It has nothing to do
with the dragon-legged chicken also known as dong tao, a rare breed of chicken
found in Vietnam!

In this recipe, boneless chicken strips are coated in batter, deep-fried, and
tossed in a fiery sauce with subtle undertones of sweetness. Though, I've also
seen this dish being served as boneless chicken chunks and cubed bell pepper
instead of strips. Each restaurant lends its own spin on this recipe!

Why is it called dragon chicken then you ask? Honestly, I don't have an
appropriate answer, but I feel it may have gotten its name due to the fiery
red color and/or spicy taste of the dish. If you know anything about its
origin, I'd love to hear it!

## Why you will love this recipe?

You will love this dragon chicken recipe because;

☑ Not only does it look appetizing but it also tastes so delicious

☑ It is brimming with zesty and spicy flavors with a hint of sweetness

☑ It is a quick recipe making it ideal for busy weeknights

☑ Better than take-out!

☑ Does not contain MSG

## Ingredients needed

_**Chicken:** _It is best to use boneless meat for dishes like these. I've
used boneless chicken breasts. But feel free to use chicken thighs or tenders
as well.

_**For the chicken marinade:**_ You will need all-purpose flour, cornflour,
light soy sauce, rice vinegar, Kashmiri chili powder (for color _sans_ the
heat),  ginger garlic paste, salt, pepper powder, and one egg white. Use only
the egg white as it creates a crispier coating and helps keep the chicken
tender and moist.

_**Dragon sauce:**_ The sauce is an amalgam of basic sauces such as soy sauce
(I prefer to use light soy sauce), tomato ketchup, sambal oelek, and rice
vinegar. You will also need some, salt, pepper, a tiny bit of sugar, and
cornstarch slurry to thicken the sauce.

_**Aromatics:**_ Freshly minced ginger, garlic, and sliced onions form the
flavor base of this dish.

_**Vegetables:** _Sliced red and green bell peppers.

_**Cashew nuts:** _Cashew nuts are usually added to this recipe, and I love
the crunch and a hint of sweet nutty flavor they impart to the dish. It just
complements the chicken really well. You may skip it if you wish to.

_**Cooking fat:** _I've used vegetable oil.

_**Other ingredients:** _Besides the above, you will also need some dried red
chilies (any kind), and spring (scallion) onion greens.

## How to make restaurant-style dragon chicken - Step by step process

### Step 1: Marinate the chicken

In a large bowl, add 300 grams of chicken pieces. Season with 1/4 teaspoon
each salt, black pepper, 1teaspoon each of Kashmiri chili powder, vinegar,
light soy sauce, and ginger-garlic paste. Mix well. ( _Photos 1 to 7_ )

Next, add one egg white and mix until all the chicken pieces are well coated.
( _Photos 8 and 9_ )

Add 2 tablespoons each of all-purpose flour and cornflour. Mix well, cover the
bowl and set aside for 15-20 minutes or overnight in the fridge. ( _Photos 10
to 13_ )

### Step 2: Fry the chicken pieces

Note: If you have marinated the chicken overnight, take it out from the fridge
and bring it to room temperature before frying.

Heat about 1 cup of oil in a heavy-bottomed wok over medium heat.

Slide in the chicken pieces in batches, and leave undisturbed for a few
seconds. Deep fry on medium heat, turning a couple of times with the help of a
slotted spoon until they turn golden brown and crispy on both sides. Cook time
will depend on the thickness of the chicken pieces. ( _Photos 14 to 17_ )

Set aside on an absorbent napkin. ( _Photo 19_ )

### Step 3: Dragon chicken sauce

In a small bowl, combine 2 tablespoons of sambal oelek, 2 tablespoons of
tomato ketchup, 1 tablespoon light soy sauce, 2 teaspoons of rice vinegar, and
1 teaspoon of sugar. Mix well and set aside. ( _Photos 20 to 25_ )

Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a wok or heavy-bottomed pot on medium-high heat, add
1/4 cup raw cashew nuts, saute until golden brown and set aside. ( _Photos 26
to 29_ )

Next, add 1 tablespoon each of minced ginger and garlic and 2 to 3 dried red
chiles (broken in halves), sauté until ginger-garlic are fragrant. ( _Photos
30 and 31_ )

Add 1/2 cup of sliced onion, 1/4 cup each of red and green bell peppers, sauté
for 2 to 3 minutes. ( _Photos 32 and 33_ )

Add 1/4 teaspoon each of salt and pepper to season the veggies. ( _Photos 34
and 35_ )

Add in the sauce mixture. Mix well, and cook for 1-2 minutes or until it
begins to bubble. ( _Photos 36 and 37_ )

Now add the cornflour slurry (2 teaspoon cornflour mixed with 1/4 cup cold
water). Give the slurry a good stir before pouring and continue mixing until
it thickens up. ( _Photos 38 to 40)_

### Step 4: Toss fried chicken with the sauce

 Add in the fried chicken pieces along with the roasted cashew nuts, and toss
to coat with the sauce. ( _Photos 41 and 42_ )

Add 2 to 3 tablespoons scallion greens, mix and switch off the heat. Serve
immediately. ( _Photos 43 and 44_ )

## Serving suggestions

Serve dragon chicken as a starter along with your favorite beverage to wash it
down!

It also pairs well with this vegetable fried rice, Thai basil fried rice, or
this chili garlic hakka noodles.

## Storage suggestions

This spicy dragon chicken dish tastes best as soon as it is prepared. If kept
for longer the chicken will get soggy. Also, the cashews will not be as
crunchy. So enjoy it immediately after the chicken and cashews are tossed with
the sauce!

_**Leftovers:**_ Ideally leftovers must be refrigerated within 2 hours of
their preparation for food safety as per the FDA. Allow leftovers to cool
completely. Store in an airtight container in the fridge for up to 3 to 4
days.

_**Reheat:** _To reheat, transfer the chicken to a skillet or wok, and stir-
fry on medium heat until piping hot. Add a splash of water if it looks too
dry.

## Recipe tips

_**Oil temperature:** _Make sure that the oil is not too hot, or the exterior
will brown quickly and the chicken will remain raw on the inside. The ideal
temperature for deep frying is between 350° to 375° F

_**Avoid overcrowding the wok:**_ Deep fry the chicken in batches.
Overcrowding the wok will reduce the temperature of the oil, and the chicken
will absorb more oil and turn out greasy.

_**Spicy:**_ This recipe is not super spicy, even my kids enjoy it! If you'd
like to tone down the heat, then reduce the sambal oelek or any other chili
sauce to 1 tablespoon. If you prefer it spicy, then increase the sambal
oelek/red chili sauce to a couple more tablespoons. Less is the way to go if
you are unsure about the heat tolerance of this recipe.

_**Sugar:** _You can replace the sugar with other sweeteners of your choice.
If you prefer a sweeter sauce, you can most certainly increase the quantity of
the sweetener.

_**Sodium content:**_ I prefer using low sodium soy sauce. Also, it does not
mar the vibrant red color of the dragon sauce as much as the dark soy sauce
does. Add salt and pepper to taste!

## Variations

**_Make it a main dish:_ **Dragon chicken is usually served as a starter, but
you could convert it into a main dish. To do that, add about 1.5 tablespoons
of cornstarch/cornflour to 1 cup of water or chicken stock, add this
cornstarch slurry to make a thick gravy.

_**Seafood:**_ You can swap the chicken with prawns/shrimps or any firm white
fish.

_**More vegetables:** _You can increase the quantity of bell peppers if you
like. You can also add other veggies such as broccoli, carrots, green beans,
asparagus, snow peas, snap peas, etc.

_**Other nuts:**_ You can replace cashew nuts with almonds or even peanuts.

_**Baked version:**_ For a healthier version, you can bake the chicken pieces
instead of deep-frying. To do that, place the marinated chicken strips on a
greased wire rack over a baking tray or sheet. Bake at 400° F or 200° C for 15
to 20 minutes (baking time will depend on the thickness of the chicken pieces,
so keep an eye out). The internal temperature on an instant-read thermometer
must be 165° F. You can refer to this baked chicken 65 post for a pictorial on
the baking steps.

_**Shallow fry:** _If deep frying intimidates you, skip it and shallow fry
instead. Works just as well.

_**Gluten-free:** _Swap the all-purpose flour with rice flour. Cornflour or
cornstarch is gluten-free, but make sure to read the food labels to know about
any allergen advisory statements. Swap the soy sauce with coconut aminos.

_**Corn-free diet:** _Swap the cornstarch or cornflour with potato starch or
tapioca starch.

_**Sesame seeds:** _You could sprinkle some sesame seeds to garnish the dish.

## You may also enjoy these Indo-Chinese recipes

Sweet and sour chicken

Schezwan noodles

Hot and sour vegetable soup

Sweet corn soup

_**★ If you try this crispy dragon chicken recipe, I would love to hear from
you! I 'd appreciate it if you could rate and leave a review below in the
comments. Your reviews help others know the recipe better too. ****Thanks so
much 🙂  **_

_**You can also follow me on**_ _ **Facebook, Pinterest, Instagram & Twitter
**_

## Dragon Chicken Recipe

Freda Dias

Dragon chicken is a delicious Indo-Chinese appetizer. Crispy chicken strips
and bell peppers are tossed in a spicy sauce with crunchy cashews.

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 20 mins

Cook Time 25 mins

Total Time 45 mins

Course Appetizer

Cuisine Indian, Indo-Chinese

Servings 3 people

Calories 447 kcal

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

#### For the batter

  * 300 grams chicken thighs/breast
  * 1 teaspoon light soy sauce
  * 1 teaspoon vinegar
  * 1 teaspoon Kashmiri chili powder
  * 1 teaspoon ginger garlic paste
  * Salt to taste, I added 1/4 teaspoon
  * 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
  * 2 tablespoons cornflour
  * 2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
  * 1 large egg white

#### For the sauce

  * 2 tablespoons oil plus more oil as needed for deep frying 
  * 1/4 cup cashew nuts
  * 1 tbsp minced garlic
  * 1 tbsp ginger
  * 2 to 3 dry red chillies
  * 1/2 cup sliced onion
  * 1/4 cup red bell pepper strips
  * 1/4 cup red bell pepper strips
  * 2 tablespoons sambal oelek or any other chili sauce, refer notes
  * 2 tablespoons tomato ketchup
  * 1 tablespoon light soy sauce or 1 teaspoon dark soy sauce
  * 2 teaspoons rice vinegar
  * 1 teaspoon sugar
  * Salt to taste, I added 1/4 teaspoon
  * 1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
  * 2 teaspoons cornflour/cornstarch mixed with 1/4 cup cold water
  * 2 to 3 tablespoons chopped scallion greens

### Instructions



#### Marinate the chicken

  * In a large bowl, add chicken pieces. Season with salt, black pepper, Kashmiri chili powder, vinegar, light soy sauce, and ginger garlic paste. Mix well.

  * Next, add an egg white and mix until all the chicken pieces are well coated.

  * Add all-purpose flour and cornflour. Mix well, cover the bowl and set aside for 15-20 minutes or overnight in the fridge.

#### Fry the chicken pieces

  * Note: If you have marinated the chicken overnight, take it out from the fridge and bring it to room temperature before frying.

  * Heat oil in a heavy-bottomed wok over medium heat.

  * Slide in the chicken pieces in batches, and leave undisturbed for a few seconds. Deep fry on medium heat, turning a couple of times with the help of slotted spoon, until they turn golden brown and crispy on both sides. Cook time will depend on the thickness of the chicken pieces.

  * Set aside on an absorbent napkin.

#### Dragon chicken sauce

  * In a small bowl, combine sambal oelek, tomato ketchup, light soy sauce, rice vinegar, and sugar. Mix well and set aside.

  * Heat oil in a wok or heavy-bottomed pot on medium-high heat, add cashew nuts, saute until golden brown and set aside.

  * Next, add minced ginger-garlic and broken dried red chiles, sauté until ginger-garlic are fragrant.

  * Add sliced onion, red and green bell peppers, sauté for 2 to 3 minutes.

  * Add salt and pepper to season the veggies.

  * Add in the sauce mixture. Mix well, cook for 1-2 minutes or until it begins to bubble.

  * Now add the cornflour slurry. Give the slurry a good stir before pouring and continue mixing until it thickens up. 

#### Toss fried chicken with the sauce

  * Add in the fried chicken pieces along with the roasted cashew nuts, toss to coat with the sauce.

  * Add in the scallion greens, mix and switch off the heat. Serve immediately.

### Video

### Notes

Sambal oelek is an Indonesian chili paste made of hot dried chili peppers,
salt, and vinegar. You can substitute it with any other chili sauce such as
Chings, or sriracha. You can also make chili paste at home by soaking dried
red chilies in hot water for 15 to 20 minutes. Grind the softened chilies with
little water to a smooth paste.

Kindly refer to the serving suggestions, storage instructions, recipe tips,
and variations for more info related to this post!

**Nutrition Disclaimer:** The nutrition info listed are approximate values
that are calculated using an online nutrition calculator. If you rely on them
for your diet, please use your preferred nutrition calculator.

### Nutrition

Calories: 447kcalCarbohydrates: 24.2gProtein: 27.3gFat: 27gSaturated Fat:
3.5gCholesterol: 64mgSodium: 1042mgPotassium: 675mgFiber: 2.6gSugar:
6.9gCalcium: 33mgIron: 2mg

Keyword Easy Chicken Appetizer Recipes, Indo-Chinese Chicken Recipes

Tried this recipe?Let us know how it was!

  * Total4
  * 0Facebook
  * 0Twitter
  * 4Pinterest
  * 0Email
  * 0Reddit
  * 0
  * 0Facebook Messenger
  * 0Mix
  * 

### _Related_

« Thandai Recipe

Rose Lassi Recipe »

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### About Me

Hi! l’m Freda, a former pharmaceutical research analyst turned into a full
time food blogger. Here you will find all kinds of recipes, from appetizers to
desserts and everything in between, all of which have been tested by me and
approved by my family. I hope you do try these recipes and enjoy them as much
as we do. Read More…

Search

### Archives

Archives Select Month August 2022  July 2022  June 2022  May 2022  April 2022
March 2022  February 2022  January 2022  December 2021  November 2021  October
2021  September 2021  July 2021  June 2021  May 2021  April 2021  March 2021
February 2021  January 2021  December 2020  June 2020  May 2020  April 2020
March 2020  February 2020  January 2020  December 2019  November 2019  October
2019  September 2019  August 2019  July 2019  June 2019  May 2019  April 2019
March 2019  February 2019  January 2019  December 2018  November 2018  October
2018  September 2018  August 2018  July 2018  June 2018  May 2018  April 2018
March 2018  February 2018  January 2018  December 2017  November 2017  October
2017  September 2017  August 2017  July 2017  June 2017  May 2017  April 2017
March 2017  February 2017  January 2017  December 2016  November 2016  October
2016  September 2016  July 2016  June 2016  May 2016  April 2016  March 2016
February 2016  January 2016  December 2015  November 2015  October 2015
September 2015  August 2015  July 2015  June 2015  May 2015  April 2015  March
2015

### Recent Posts

  * Paneer Puff (Oven & Air Fryer)
  * Dal Palak Recipe | Spinach Dal (Stovetop & Instant Pot)
  * Rava Cake | Sooji Cake | Semolina Cake (Eggless)
  * Eggless Waffle Recipe
  * Bhindi Masala Gravy Recipe

## Footer

### More Info

  * About
  * Mentions
  * Terms of Service
  * Privacy policy
  * Cookie Policy

Copyright (C) 2022 Aromatic Essence on the Foodie Pro Theme  

This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're okay
with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Read More Cookie settingsAccept

Privacy & Cookies Policy

Close

#### Privacy Overview

This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate
through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as
necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of
basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that
help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be
stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to
opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an
effect on your browsing experience.

Necessary

Necessary

Always Enabled

Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function
properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic
functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not
store any personal information.

Non-necessary

Non-necessary

Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function
and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads,
other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory
to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.

SAVE & ACCEPT



##

##

Loading Comments...



Write a Comment...

Email (Required) Name (Required) Website

###

Send this to a friend

SendCancel

