https://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/basic-chinese-congee


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Recipes & Cooking
  * Drinks
  * Travel
  * Holidays + Events
  * News
  * F&W; Classic
  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Subscribe  Subscribe

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore Food & Wine

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * F&W Cooks

####  F&W; Cooks

Food and Wine presents a new network of food pros delivering the most cookable
recipes and delicious ideas online.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

####  Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

Looking to amp up your beef stew but unsure where to start? A slow cooker can
can take your comfort food to the next level.  Read More

    * 50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

####  50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

We’ve assembled a list of 50 of the world’s most reliable, inexpensive wines –
bottles that offer amazing quality for their price year in and year out.  Read
More

  * Recipes & Cooking

### Recipes & Cooking

See All Recipes & Cooking

    * Chicken
    * Comfort Food
    * Breakfast + Brunch
    * Salads
    * Desserts
    * Vegetables
    * Pasta + Noodles
    * Chefs
    * Meat + Poultry
    * Soup
    * Appetizers
    * Side Dishes
    * Fruits
    * Seafood
    * Special Diets
    * Cooking Techniques
    * Steal This Trick

  * Drinks

### Drinks

See All Drinks

    * Wine
    * Spirits
    * Coffee
    * Juices
    * Beer
    * Champagne + Sparkling Wine
    * Tea

  * Travel

### Travel

See All Travel

    * Wine Regions
    * Restaurants

  * Holidays + Events

### Holidays + Events

See All Holidays + Events

    * Valentine's Day
    * Halloween
    * Passover
    * Hanukkah
    * Christmas
    * Gifts
    * Super Bowl
    * Easter
    * Thanksgiving
    * New Year's Eve
    * Holiday Entertaining

  * News
  * F&W; Classic

### F&W; Classic

See All F&W; Classic

    * F&W; Classic Insider
    * Food & Wine Classic in Aspen

  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Subscribe  this link opens in a new tab

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Soup
  4. Porridge
  5. Basic Chinese Congee

# Basic Chinese Congee

Rating: 4.5 stars

10 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 8 
  * 4 star values: 1 
  * 3 star values: 0 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 1 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 10 Ratings 
  * 10 Reviews 

Dress up this classic white rice porridge with your favorite savory toppings
like bacon, chinese sausage or onions. **Slideshow:** One-Bowl Rice Recipes

Todd Porter & Diane Cu

By Todd Porter and Diane Cu

November 2014

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Read the full recipe after the video.

## Recipe Summary

Yield:

4

Basic Chinese Congee

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1 cup raw long-grain white rice, rinsed 
  * 7 cups chicken or vegetable stock 
  * 1/2 teaspoon kosher or sea salt, plus more for seasoning 
  * One-inch knob of ginger, peeled and sliced thin 
  * Sliced green onion, for garnish 
  * Sesame seed oil or soy sauce (optional) 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

In large pot add stock, rice, salt and ginger. Bring the mixture to a boil,
then reduce the heat to a low simmer. Stir occasionally so that the rice
doesn't clump or stick at the bottom.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Simmer the congee for about 1 hour or until the congee is thickened and
creamy. Add salt to taste. Serve the congee hot.

##  Notes

As the congee cools, it will become thicker. Add additional stock or water if
necessary to make the congee to your desired thickness.

##  Serve With

Add sliced green onion and optional sesame oil or soy sauce to taste.

Advertisement

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews (10)

Add Rating & Review

Sort by:  Newest

Newest Oldest

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 5 stars

04/18/2022

Extremely nourishing & comforting. I've made the recipe as written, and varied
it by using bone broth, which I also liked. Fantastic when you're feeling
under the weather.

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 4 stars

03/21/2022

It’s not appropriation if you label it as the food of the source culture. If
F&W called it “American Congee”, that would be appropriation. But being
sensitive to the issue is a good thing.

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 5 stars

02/05/2022

This is a good, basic, culturally appropriated formula! Works GREAT in a
pressure cooker, instantpot or otherwise. About 30 minutes and you reeally
really want to let it depressurize on it own! (Dont Ask Me How I Know!)  
A question I always have is since the idea is to make a starchy porridge, why
do you rinse the starch off the rice?

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 5 stars

01/24/2022

To the idiot who yelled "Cultural Appropriation", kiss my Tofu!! How is
extolling the deliciousness and comfort of Congee, this recipe being the most
basic foundation of a classic porridge soup, anything but respectful? Food and
Wine has opened the eyes, and broadened the horizons and palates of many a
cook, me included. I am proud to say that Food and Wine has helped make me the
exceptional International cook I am today. Thank you for this and the other
Congee/Jook recipes available on the site, it is one of my favorite dishes
when I'm cold or under the weather. Or just need a hug in a bowl.

Brenna

Rating: 5 stars

01/14/2022

Basic and comforting. Add whatever you want.

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 5 stars

11/06/2021

Signed up just to give this recipe 5 stars because some idiot decided to call
it cultural appropriation. Fantastic recipe, I’ve been using it as a quick
breakfast for a while.

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 5 stars

09/24/2021

This recipe, with fresh ginger, is very soothing and warming. I made a half
recipe with 1/2 cup rice and about 3.5 cup organic veggie broth and shaved in
one small shiitake mushroom. Enjoy for breakfast lunch or dinner!

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 5 stars

09/10/2021

To the person that rated it 1 star for the 1:10 ratio, how tf just water and
rice makes it cultural appropriation? All my life my mom did "just" water and
rice most of the time as I was growing up. It was a quick and easy meal for my
family when we didnt have much. It was only when my parents had better jobs
that we were able to add green onions, chicken, or intestines/liver. There are
a million ways to make this type of dish and water+rice was the way we did it
the most, and add soy sauce afterwards. That was our version of "instant
noodles". Are you implying that my family was less asian or doing what you
call, "cultural appropriation" just because we did water and rice? Gtfo-tta
here with that b.s. You dont speak for all asians.

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 1 stars

06/22/2021

Just because something has soy sauce in it, doesn't make it "Asian". The ratio
is 1:10, rice:water and a "basic" congee actually just rice and water. This is
borderline cultural appropriation.

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 5 stars

02/06/2021

This is the most satisfying meal. I know one might say oh it’s so bland, but
maybe that is part of its goodness. It feels like a hug. And you can make it
as unplanned as you want to. For me, this evening it is particularly lovely
because of the healing nature of the soup with ingredients like ginger and the
broth (I made mine using bone broth). It is a magic tonic for my colitis.

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Basic Chinese Congee

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Basic Chinese Congee

##  All Reviews for Basic Chinese Congee

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Food & Wine

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Books from Food & Wine
  * Contact Us
  * Advertise
  * Content Licensing
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithFood & Wine is part of the Meredith Corporation Allrecipes Food Group.
(C) Copyright 2022 Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Privacy
Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in a new
tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis link
opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Food & Wine. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.foodandwine.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Basic Chinese Congee

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

