https://tiffycooks.com/asian-honey-garlic-potatoes-only-5-ingredient/


  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Search By Ingredients
      * Beef
      * Pork
      * Chicken
      * Vegetarian
      * Seafood
      * Rice/Noodle
    * Search By Series
      * Dinner Ideas
      * 20 Minutes or Less
      * Vegetarian Friendly
      * Better Than Takeout
      * Freezer Friendly Recipes
      * Appetizers
      * Air Fryer Recipes
      * Instant Pot Recipes
      * Desserts
  * HOW TO START A BLOG
    * HOW MUCH MONEY DO I MAKE AS A FOOD BLOGGER?
    * HOW TO START A BLOG THAT MAKES MONEY!
    * HOW I TRANSITIONED FROM 9-5 TO FT FOOD BLOGGER
    * TOP BLOGGING RECOMMENDATIONS (Courses, Apps, Equipment)
    * How I Manage My Time as an FT Content Creator
  * TRAVEL WITH TIFFY
    * BEST CHEAP EATS IN VANCOUVER (UNDER $20!)
    * 15 MUST-TRY RESTAURANTS IN OAHU, HAWAII
    * What to do in Toronto in 48 Hours
    * Best Bubble Tea In Vancouver
  * Kitchen Essential
    * Condiments
    * Gadgets
    * BEST AIR FRYERS ON AMAZON
    * BEST BLENDERS ON AMAZON

__ __ __

  * 

Tiffy Cooks

Easy Asian Recipes

20 Minute Dinner, Appetizers, Dinner Ideas, Recipes, Search By Ingredients,
Search By Series, Vegetarian, Vegetarian Friendly * January 5, 2021

# Asian Honey Garlic Potatoes (Only 5 Ingredient!)

Welcome to Day 5 of Cooking 20 Minute Dinner for 21 Days. Today we are making
**_Asian Honey Garlic Potatoes that will blow your mind_**. These potatoes
have the **_perfect balance between sweet and savory._** They are cooked till
soft and fluffy on the inside and coated with a finger-licking good glaze. My
Asian Honey Garlic Potatoes **_only takes FIVE ingredients to make, a simple
one-pot recipe ready in less than 20 minutes!_**

**These Asian Honey Garlic Potatoes are inspired by a famous Korean banchan -
Gamja Jorim. **It is one of my favorite side dishes to order whenever I eat at
Korean BBQs, and I wanted to create an even simpler version to have at home. I
make this recipe often, and it also meals prep well in the fridge if you make
extra. S ** _ince it is vegetarian friendly, it is a great dish to serve at
dinner parties, and it is always a massive hit with the guests!_**

The sauce is the Secret Ingredient for my Asian Honey Garlic Potatoes. It has
a perfect balance between sweet and savory, making it the perfect glaze for
the mini potatoes. Make sure to keep stirring while cooking to prevent it from
burning or sticking to the bottom. If this is your first time in the kitchen,
this recipe is perfect for you! Give it a try, and I promise you will be so
impressed.

**_This recipe is one of the 7 appetizers I share in my Holiday Cookbook. If
you are interested in more fun recipes, make sure to check out my cookbook
that contains both written and video tutorials!_**

**Ingredients (Serves 2-3)**

1.5 cup or 2lb of Baby Potatoes (cut into halves)

4 cloves of Garlic (minced)

1 cup of Water

6 tbsp of Soy Sauce

4 tbsp of Honey

1 tbsp of Sesame Seeds

  1. Mix 1 cup of water, 6 tbsp of Soy Sauce, and 4 tbsp of Honey together until honey is dissolved.
  2. In a pan, drizzle in 1 tbsp of oil and turn the heat up to medium-high. Once the oil is hot, add in your potatoes and saut√© for 3-5 minutes until the potatoes are golden brown.
  3. Add in minced garlic and saut√© for another 1-2 minutes.
  4. Pour in the sauce mixture and let it simmer on medium-high heat until the potatoes have soaked in all the sauce, and the sauce turns into a glaze (around 7 minutes). Make sure to stir occasionally so that the potatoes don't stick to the bottom of the pan.
  5. After 7 minutes, add in 1 tbsp of Sesame seeds and toss it all up together.

Posted In: 20 Minute Dinner, Appetizers, Dinner Ideas, Recipes, Search By
Ingredients, Search By Series, Vegetarian, Vegetarian Friendly

### You'll Also Love

Garlic Steak Bites

Easy Turnip Cake (Dimsum Style!)

Crispy Egg Filled Pancakes (5 Ingredients)

### Comments

  1. Sarah Gilchrist says

January 16, 2021 at 2:50 am

I tried these tonight, they were delicious however I found it took twice as
long for the liquid to disappear and I was afraid to cook them till they were
crispy in case o burnt them since they were so sweet. But a definite crowd
pleaser thanks!

  2. sydney says

January 21, 2021 at 2:54 pm

i saw a tiktok on these and wanted to make it and did. OMG. SO GOOD. and
easy!! i was worried about the potatoes not being cooked enough but they are
perfect. i added a few more minutes to my timer. saved a little leftover sauce
to drizzle on top. definitely recommend!

  3. Tammy J says

January 31, 2021 at 7:57 pm

I made this tonight and it was delicious! It was the perfect side dish, and
I'm already planning to make it again! Five stars!

One thing I want you to know is that your website will not open on Chrome. It
opens on all devices in any browser except Chrome for me. I'm not sure why
that is, but wanted you to be aware of it.

  4. Mel says

January 31, 2021 at 11:33 pm

I made this with chicken and had it with rice! It's so delicious ü§§

    * Mel says

January 31, 2021 at 11:35 pm

Oh, and just a touch of fresh grated ginger in with the garlic *chefs kiss*

Next Post >

### Steamed Clams and Winter Melon (Healthy Keto-Friendly)

Hi! I am Tiffy and I am a HUGE foodie. I love to cook, I love to eat, and I
love sharing what I love with the world.  
I was born in Taiwan, a country with some of the best street food in the
world. When I think back to my childhood, I remember all the fantastic
restaurants my dad brought me to when I was young. You see, my family is also
huge foodies; we use to wander around night markets every weekend, skip the
last period in class to try out new restaurants, and every summer, we would
travel around Taiwan exploring all the new ‚Äúmust try‚Äù dishes around the
country.

#### Archives

  * August 2022
  * July 2022
  * June 2022
  * May 2022
  * April 2022
  * March 2022
  * February 2022
  * January 2022
  * December 2021
  * November 2021
  * October 2021
  * September 2021
  * August 2021
  * July 2021
  * June 2021
  * May 2021
  * April 2021
  * March 2021
  * February 2021
  * January 2021
  * December 2020
  * November 2020
  * October 2020

#### Categories

  * 15 Minute Dinner
  * 20 Minute Dinner
  * 20 Minutes or Less
  * 21 Days of Dinner Idea
  * 21 Days of Street Food
  * Air Fryer
  * Air Fryer Recipes
  * Appetizers
  * Balcony Garden
  * Beef
  * Better Than Takeout
  * Blog
  * BLOGGING
  * Breakfast Series
  * Chicken
  * Condiments
  * Cooking Mama
  * Daily Tiffy
  * Dessert
  * Desserts
  * Dinner Ideas
  * Drinks
  * Eat with Tiffy
  * Freezer Friendly Recipes
  * Fusion Friday
  * Gadgets
  * Healthy Recipes
  * Holiday Series
  * Holiday Series
  * Home
  * In the Kitchen
  * Instant Pot Recipes
  * Kdrama Series
  * Kitchen Essential
  * Lifestyle
  * Lunch Box Series
  * Nightmarket Series
  * Pork
  * Recipes
  * Rice/Noodle
  * Seafood
  * Search By Ingredients
  * Search By Series
  * Soups and Stews
  * Takeout Series
  * Takeout Series
  * Travel with Tiffy
  * TRAVEL WITH TIFFY
  * Uncategorized
  * Vegetarian
  * Vegetarian Friendly

  * Spicy Garlic Noodle (10 Minutes Only!) 1.2k views
  * Soy Sauce Pan-fried Noodles (15 Minutes!) 1.1k views
  * Mushroom and Basil Udon - 15 Minutes 1.1k views

#### Trending Now

  * Spicy Garlic Noodle (10 Minutes Only!)
  * Soy Sauce Pan-fried Noodles (15 Minutes!)
  * The BEST Air Fryer Soy Sauce Chicken
  * Asian Honey Garlic Potatoes (Only 5 Ingredient!)

#### Get Exclusive Tiffy Cooks Content

##  hey there!

Hi! I am Tiffy and I am a HUGE foodie. I love to cook, I love to eat, and I
love sharing what I love with the world.

__ __ __

  * Pork
  * Beef
  * Chicken
  * Vegetarian
  * Seafood
  * Rice/Noodle

  * 20 Minutes or Less
  * Dinner Ideas
  * Appetizers
  * Vegetarian Friendly
  * Freezer Friendly Recipes
  * Desserts
  * Air Fryer Recipes
  * Instant Pot Recipes

  * Daily Tiffy
  * Eat with Tiffy
  * Kitchen Essential
  * Travel with Tiffy

  * About Me
  * Get in Touch
  * PRIVACY POLICY

#### LATEST ON INSTAGRAM

### tiffy.cooks

If you only have 15 minutes, I got the perfect rec

I‚Äôm not even trying to be DRAMATIC, but if there

Let's pack my husband's lunch box for the week tog

My most viral video is my 10 minutes Spicy Garlic

Final photoshoot day for my cookbook ü•πü•πü•π

Let‚Äôs make FRESH Korean Strawberry Milk ü•õ fro

Here is FINALLY my long awaited Creamy Feta Sauce

Load More... Follow on Instagram

Copyright (C) 2022 Tiffy Cooks * Theme by 17th Avenue

