https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/259887/simple-teriyaki-sauce/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Side Dish
  4. Sauces and Condiments
  5. Sauces
  6. Teriyaki Sauce and Marinade Recipes
  7. Simple Teriyaki Sauce

# Simple Teriyaki Sauce

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.3

299 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 187 
  * 4 star values: 72 
  * 3 star values: 22 
  * 2 star values: 6 
  * 1 star values: 12 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 299 Ratings 
  * 230 Reviews 
  * 39 Photos 

This simple but amazing teriyaki sauce is great for chicken, fish, or meat
dishes. I will add a Japanese flavor to noodle stir fries or rice dishes, and
can also be used as a dip for dumplings or shrimp.

Recipe by Goat Berry Kitchen

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Read the full recipe after the video.

Add Photo

Simple Teriyaki Sauce Allrecipes Member

Simple Teriyaki Sauce Amanda77

Simple Teriyaki Sauce Allrecipes Member

Simple Teriyaki Sauce Lisa Lloyd

\+ 35 35 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

5 mins

cook:

6 mins

total:

11 mins

Servings:

12

Yield:

2 cups

Nutrition Info

a super close up view of simple teriyaki sauce being stirred with a spoon.

Advertisement

Skip to Recipe

You'll never reach for the store-bought stuff again after making this
incredibly tangy, rich, and sweet homemade teriyaki sauce. Enjoy a quick,
flavorful glaze, marinade, or dip made with pantry ingredients like soy sauce
and brown sugar. Plus, learn about the ingredients needed for an authentic
teriyaki sauce, how to make it, and how it's stored.

##  What Is Teriyaki?

_Teriyaki_ refers to a style of Japanese cuisine that includes cooking
proteins and vegetables in a thick, sweet, and savory sauce. The word loosely
translates to "glossy broil" and is synonymous with a bold, tangy flavor that
is beloved the world over.

Teriyaki sauce can be used as a marinade, basting agent, or dipping sauce.
It's a versatile tool in the kitchen, elevating stir-fries, steaks, and
seafood dishes. It's easy to throw together with just a few pantry ingredients
and packs a potently delicious punch.

##  Teriyaki Sauce Ingredients

Authentic Japanese teriyaki sauce combines soy sauce, mirin, sugar, and sake
to create a  distinctively sharp taste, with Westernized versions
incorporating honey, garlic, and ginger for added edge.

Cornstarch is often added to teriyaki sauce as a thickener. Create a slurry
with cornstarch and cold liquid before integrating it into the mixture.

##  How to Make Teriyaki Sauce

Making our top-rated homemade teriyaki sauce couldn't be easier. Simply
combine soy sauce, brown sugar, honey, spices, cornstarch, and water over
medium heat, stirring throughout. Cook the sauce for five to seven minutes or
until it has thickened.

Remove sauce from heat and allow time for cooling. It's that straightforward
-- have tantalizingly delicious teriyaki sauce ready to glaze, marinade, or
stir-fry at a moment's notice with this effortless recipe.

##  How to Store Homemade Teriyaki Sauce

Homemade teriyaki sauce can last up to a week in the refrigerator, but be
mindful of added ingredients like alliums or herbs that can shorten its shelf
life. Keep leftover sauce in an airtight container for best results.

##  Allrecipes Community Tips and Praise

"I have no complaints with this recipe," shares home cook Ashley. "Used it to
switch up leftovers. Perfect sweet-salty balance and super simple."

"Great basic stir-fry sauce!" raves Jumpiwan. "Just what I was looking for.
You can go any which way from here -- sweeter, spicier, thicker, or thinner,
but this sauce is great just the way it is."

"This recipe saved my life tonight!" says reviewer Sherri. "My bottle of
store-bought sauce got knocked off the counter and shattered. Almost every
teriyaki sauce recipe I found had ingredients not in my pantry. This recipe
uses ingredients I always have on hand."

Editorial contributions by **Rai Mincey**

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

12

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 12 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1 cup water 
  * ¼ cup soy sauce 
  * 5 teaspoons packed brown sugar 
  * 1 tablespoon honey, or more to taste 
  * ½ teaspoon ground ginger 
  * ¼ teaspoon garlic powder 
  * 2 tablespoons cornstarch 
  * ¼ cup cold water 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Combine 1 cup water, soy sauce, brown sugar, honey, ginger, and garlic powder
in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook until nearly heated through, about 1
minute.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Mix cornstarch and 1/4 cold water together in a cup; stir until dissolved. Add
to the saucepan. Cook and stir sauce until thickened, 5 to 7 minutes.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

21 calories; protein 0.4g; carbohydrates 5g; sodium 302.1mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (230)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Bob Feeser

Rating: 5 stars

11/09/2017

Made a double batch. I substituted 1/2 cup of water (1/4 or the called for
water) for 1/2 cup of apple cider vinegar, because I used half of it as a
marinade for my chicken, before thickening the rest. I served it mixed with
the chicken that I cubed and marinated with the sauce and cooked with sesame
oil. If you are new to using sesame oil, it has a very low flash point, so use
half sesame oil and half some other oil. I use canola. After the chicken was
cooked, I added a can of pineapple chunks, drained, and half of the thickened
sauce and simmered for about 3 minutes, just to get everything hot again
(pineapple was room temperature) and incorporated, stirring once or twice. The
other half of the sauce had on the side. This was all served over white rice,
cooked in chicken broth with a little ginger added. Everybody loved it, even
my son's girlfriend, who is a very finnicky eater.

Read More

Helpful (51)

### Most helpful critical review

MickeDazzling

Rating: 3 stars

02/27/2019

I have to give a three based on the original recipe. It wasn't very
flavourful. I made it a second time, added about 2 tbsp white vinegar, fresh
grated ginger, fresh crushed garlic (3 small segments), 1 tbsp sesame oil and
1 tbsp sesame seeds. I replaced the honey with maple syrup . I also added
onion powder. The original recipe is basically a fantastic base to build your
own next level sauce . Try out my take on this one and you won't be
disappointed :)

Read More

Helpful (71)

299 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 187 
  * 4 star values: 72 
  * 3 star values: 22 
  * 2 star values: 6 
  * 1 star values: 12 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

MickeDazzling

Rating: 3 stars

02/27/2019

I have to give a three based on the original recipe. It wasn't very
flavourful. I made it a second time, added about 2 tbsp white vinegar, fresh
grated ginger, fresh crushed garlic (3 small segments), 1 tbsp sesame oil and
1 tbsp sesame seeds. I replaced the honey with maple syrup . I also added
onion powder. The original recipe is basically a fantastic base to build your
own next level sauce . Try out my take on this one and you won't be
disappointed :)

Bob Feeser

Rating: 5 stars

11/09/2017

Made a double batch. I substituted 1/2 cup of water (1/4 or the called for
water) for 1/2 cup of apple cider vinegar, because I used half of it as a
marinade for my chicken, before thickening the rest. I served it mixed with
the chicken that I cubed and marinated with the sauce and cooked with sesame
oil. If you are new to using sesame oil, it has a very low flash point, so use
half sesame oil and half some other oil. I use canola. After the chicken was
cooked, I added a can of pineapple chunks, drained, and half of the thickened
sauce and simmered for about 3 minutes, just to get everything hot again
(pineapple was room temperature) and incorporated, stirring once or twice. The
other half of the sauce had on the side. This was all served over white rice,
cooked in chicken broth with a little ginger added. Everybody loved it, even
my son's girlfriend, who is a very finnicky eater.

Jackie C

Rating: 3 stars

01/15/2018

Good, could have been a bit more flavorful. Next time I'll use fresh garlic
and a lot more as well as ginger. But good from just what is in my pantry in a
pinch.

Jumpiwan

Rating: 5 stars

12/02/2018

Great Basic stir fry sauce! Just what I was looking for. You can go any which
way from here.... Sweeter, Spicier, Thicker, Thinner, etc. But this sauce is
great just the way it is.

Chris Vuletich

Rating: 5 stars

03/18/2020

This was awesome! So being on a lockdown for the coronavirus, I checked my
pantry and had all the ingredients to make this recipe except the ginger.
After tasting it, I only changed a couple of things: I added a little extra
honey (it didn't make it too sweet), I also added in a little bit of pepper, a
little more garlic powder, onion powder, and then a few dashes of MSG.
Afterward, I stir fried up some cabbage and carrots and then threw it on some
thin noodles I had lying around. Easy and quick recipe and this sauce was
delicious.

Michael Norman

Rating: 3 stars

07/22/2019

I think each person has a a slightly different opinion of what teriyaki sauce
should taste like. But I think this is a good base to start with, and then
tweak it to your personal taste. Like the rest of the reviews I found it not
overly flavorful. I ended up adding about a 1/4 cup more soy sauce and a total
of about a 1/2 cup of brown sugar and a 1/4 cup of honey. I noticed in the
other reviews the vinegar that was added and will probably put in a touch of
that next time I make it. I think most people have a slightly different
opinion of what teriyaki sauce should taste like. But I think this is a good
base to start with, and then tweak it to your personal taste.

ScratchBakerCR

Rating: 5 stars

08/13/2019

Excellent! Living in Costa Rica we don't have easy access to many of the
things that I use to cook with in the US... If we do manage to find it, it is
usually 2-3 more expensive than back home. So I find the cheaper alternative
is to make my own. This recipe was one of them... I needed it for a new recipe
that I had found. I made no changes and It came out wonderful !! I have added
it to my arsenal of homemade sauces and will definitely use it again!!

Jill Davis

Rating: 4 stars

11/18/2018

okay, so, I used all the same ingredients. I used my own measurements and
added flour to thicken a little more since a lot of the reviews said it wasn't
thick enough. the mix of the ingredients made a wonderful taste. I did just
four stars because I didn't actually do what the instructions said. I loved it
anyway though! (as well as VERY picky husband, who doesn't eat ANY terkyaki)
thanks for the dinner boost.

Claudia

Rating: 4 stars

10/19/2019

This was a great basic teriyaki sauce recipe. I was in a pinch since I had
forgotten to pick up sauce at the store. I remembered a friend had recommended
this recipe, so I followed the recipe exactly. I found it a bit too bland, and
added a bit more honey, more ginger and garlic powders, and a bit of Japanese
pepper powder. My son and my friend absolutely loved it. I found it could do
with some acidity, and a bit more flavor. Next time, I’ll try to add some
orange juice or vinegar, use fresh garlic and ginger, and add onion powder.

Dawn Getyina

Rating: 4 stars

10/23/2019

One of my favorite dishes at Islands are their Yaki tacos, but I needed a good
sauce. This was simple and easy to make. Like others I replaced 1/4 cup of the
water with Apple cider vinegar, 2 Tbsp of brown sugar, 1/2 tsp of red pepper
flakes, 3 cloves fresh chopped garlic and 1/4 cup of pineapple juice. I would
like to use fresh ginger next time. This made plenty for our needs and even
some left over. I will make this again ..

Breanna Nichols

Rating: 5 stars

04/25/2019

I am not the best cook, but it was easy simple and quick and my family loved
it

sdbooker

Rating: 5 stars

08/21/2018

really flavorful. I did, however, add a T. of Molasses and only one T. of
honey. Will make again.

Brian J Winberg

Rating: 2 stars

02/29/2020

Watery and pretty lacking in flavor. I really don't even think this makes a
starting point for a sauce to fix up because of the amount of water in it.
I'll salvage it by adding some more soy, ginger, and sesame oil, but in the
future I would look for another recipe.

sherri

Rating: 4 stars

08/23/2018

I agree with most reviews left as far as depth of flavor, there wasn’t enough.
The recipe was simple to follow and I added a couple teaspoons of liquid
aminos all purpose seasoning (from soy protein) which gave it the perfect
flavor for me. Thank you for this recipe and I will definitely make it again
with the modification included.

NX LIFE ENTERPRISES

Rating: 5 stars

01/17/2019

Very quick to make Andy use. We ordered Chinese food and they barely gave us
sauce on the chicken so I thought why not make a glaze or sauce and this
popped up first in the search engine on google. Amazing and like that I made
it to my own zing minus the measurement for water. But then again I’m again I
meant familiar with cooking.

Marilyn Barragan

Rating: 3 stars

11/27/2019

Like most people who have made this recipe and reviewed it, it is a good base
for a Teriyaki sauce because it does end up being not so flavorful. I decided
to make it into a tangy-orange teriyaki by using the zest of half of and
orange, the juice of a whole orange, two table spoons of lemon juice, and a
half tablespoon of red chili flakes. My family enjoyed it with some battered
and fried chicken. I gave this recipe a three star because of the amount of
extra things I had to put into it to really make it more teriaki like.

Elizabeth Brooks

Rating: 4 stars

05/03/2020

As someone else noted - everyone's ideal teriyaki seems to be a little
different. Mine almost intrudes on sweet-and-sour territory, so I used 3 Tbsp
brown sugar, replaced 1/4 c of the water with 1/4 c of pineapple juice, and
added 2 Tbsp of cider vinegar. This recipe is a great base, though, and easily
adapted to specific dish and tastes.

Sherri Bailey

Rating: 5 stars

03/06/2020

This recipe saved my life tonight! My bottle of store bought sauce got knocked
off the counter & shattered. Almost every teriaki sauce recipe I found had
ingredients not in my pantry. This uses stuff I always have on hand, only
change I made was I minced fresh ginger instead of ground ginger. It's the
trifecta Easy. Delicious. Made with basic "on hand" ingredients. I will never
buy another bottle. Dinner got raves from the family Thanks for my new "Go To"
sauce.

joeleaux

Rating: 1 stars

02/22/2020

Not very flavorful, rich, or sweet.

Kaleigh Henderson

Rating: 5 stars

03/03/2019

I did half pineapple juice half water to make it island style. It was
delicious!

Beth Gayvert

Rating: 5 stars

09/06/2020

i like that this is scalable - fantastic as I did not need a gallon :)

Jamie

Rating: 5 stars

09/14/2020

I think this is better than any store purchased sauce.

tweedledeuk

Rating: 4 stars

03/25/2020

Very simple. I skipped the corn starch because I needed a marinade for fish.
Worked out well.

Texas

Rating: 4 stars

03/05/2020

IT WAS GOOD

Jeffery DiDonato

Rating: 4 stars

07/30/2019

Quick and easy. Let cool and used to soak some burgers to make a tasty
grilling time and saved some back for some roast veggies.

Karen Robotham

Rating: 5 stars

07/03/2020

Recipe was direct, to the point and easy to makr

Michael Larese

Rating: 3 stars

04/02/2020

Was ok. Dont expect this to taste like takeout. It works for a quick dinner.

Patty Boyle

Rating: 5 stars

08/23/2019

Very quick and very easy. And very tasty! Don't need to buy teriyaki sauce at
the store anymore, this is my new teriyaki sauce!

Dhegs

Rating: 5 stars

07/18/2019

I originally made this for a scallop dish which was superb! I used the
leftovers to pour over grilled salmon and it was a s just delicious!! Very
versatile, I'll use it for many other recipes as well!!

Aaron Orion Chavez

Rating: 4 stars

11/03/2019

Excellent and simple Teriyaki Recipe.

Fretsalot

Rating: 5 stars

05/18/2020

Add Fettuccine noodles and steamed bag of broccoli.

Beans

Rating: 4 stars

05/16/2020

Simple recipe that delivers in the kind of flavors I like. Over time, I have
made my own modifications to this recipe to suit my tastes, but I think it is
pretty good as is.

chelsea

Rating: 2 stars

03/06/2019

I am very disappointed. It doesn’t have that much flavor and the ginger is
very over powering!

Crystal

Rating: 5 stars

06/26/2019

I don't use teriyaki sauce very often and the bottle in my refrigerator was
very old. I needed something to go on my chicken with the cauliflower fried
rice type dish I was making. I also am watching my sodium intake. So, I made
with low sodium soy sauce. I thought it was good and will make it again in the
future.

Kim Bradford

Rating: 5 stars

01/19/2020

Really simple great taste

rikkina

Rating: 4 stars

07/15/2020

Delish and I won’t buy teriyaki again!!! Added the apple cider vinegar and
sesame seeds and oil as recommended! Keeps well in the fridge for a few weeks.

kbella717

Rating: 5 stars

08/13/2020

I absolutely LOVED this sauce! I used light brown sugar and added a bit more
soy sauce & honey. OMGGGG yummm! I will NEVER buy teriyaki sauce again! I love
how thick the sauce is.

Nadine Schorn

Rating: 5 stars

03/21/2020

Really good

Lena's Nova Scotia Kitchen

Rating: 4 stars

12/18/2018

Added more garlic and ginger to taste .

foodfoodfood

Rating: 4 stars

10/27/2019

I doubled everything except the water. I used fresh garlic and coconut amino's
instead of soy due to allergy. Added 1/2 tsp onion powder and substituted 1/4
cup apple cider vinegar for water. The key is to let it simmer a long time to
reduce the water down. The longer it simmers, the better the flavor. At least
30 minutes over low heat and stirring occasionally.

Ashley Martin

Rating: 5 stars

06/17/2020

I have no complaints with this recipe. Used it to switch up leftovers. Perfect
sweet and salty balance and super simple.... NO cutting.

Gcatkids

Rating: 5 stars

04/16/2020

Followed exactly except used pineapple juice instead of the 1/4 cup of water
to mix with the cornstarch. It was fantastic!

Angela Boyd

Rating: 5 stars

05/15/2020

Quick, easy and exactly what I needed for my stir fry recipe

Chef Mo

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

06/24/2019

Simple ingredients from my pantry! Sometimes BBQ sauce gets to be boring for
quick recipes. Try this one! Changed nothing!

Ha K Tran

Rating: 4 stars

03/23/2020

I combined this recipe and a few more ingredients in Mickedazzling’s comment,
and the sauce turn out awesome! I didn't use ground ginger though, just 1
teaspoon grated fresh ginger.

amerita

Rating: 5 stars

06/23/2020

So good and easy! My mom never wants me to buy more spices or things well only
use once and cornstarch is usually that item. But I finally bought all the
ingredients and it came out so gooood. Definitely going to be obsessed with
this sauce for a while. I made it to go with some chicken tenders we made and
put it in a low carb wrap with scallions and it tasted amazing.

Bonni Whalen

Rating: 5 stars

05/20/2019

Great sauce! I was surprised that I had everything I needed in my kitchen.
Quick and easy!

Megan Kasperitis

Rating: 4 stars

07/25/2019

Love it

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

04/14/2022

Love it!

steventyler1973

Rating: 5 stars

12/21/2021

AMAZING! Never buying teriyaki sauce again! :D

tonythelizard

Rating: 5 stars

12/04/2021

Very nice and simple! I made the standard batch for a throw together dinner. I
mistakenly doubled the garlic powder, but a touch more honey evened it out.
This one is a keeper, thanks!

jrgreen145

Rating: 5 stars

09/13/2021

Oh my god. It's so good, cannot recommend enough!

david splett

Rating: 4 stars

06/16/2021

With this recipe I will always make this from home for now on. And with this
simple recipe you can make this in many different ways.

Terri Howard

Rating: 5 stars

09/19/2021

I love this recipe. I modified to our taste by adding more brown sugar. I sub
half of the water for pineapple juice. And depending on the taste add about a
1/4 cup of pineapple bits.

phillyphan69

Rating: 2 stars

12/25/2020

Not sure what I did wrong? Only my 4th time using the instant pot but have not
had any other issues. Followed the directions step by step...but after the 5
minutes the rice/meat still were not cooked? Not sure if the recipe does not
work or if it is just me? Oh well

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 2 stars

05/23/2022

Too much soy sauce. I’d recommend half the amount the recipe calls for. And
double the amount of honey.

David Weir

Rating: 4 stars

01/05/2021

This was excellent and easy. I used fresh garlic (one large clove) instead of
garlic powder, but otherwise, it was great as stated.

howarddubin1

Rating: 5 stars

01/24/2022

Delicious, fast and easy..using as a marinade.

pam

Rating: 5 stars

07/03/2022

Just before running out to buy some commercial teriyaki sauce I read this
recipe. Following MickeDazzling review, I added the white vinegar, and sesame
seed oil. Wow!! Fantastic! Thanks Micke!

Lisa Marie McNeal

Rating: 5 stars

10/10/2020

Everyone loved it! It was quick and easy and tasted delicious!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

06/02/2022

Very good, quick & easy. I added a bit more honey but it thickened nicely has
a wonderful taste. Basted skewers of smoked sausage, bell pepper, shrimp &
pineapple over yellow rice.  
Delicious!!

Tiffany Norton

Rating: 5 stars

08/05/2022

Really tasty! I stuck to the recipe except I used dark mushroom soy sauce &
ginger paste. All 4 family members gave thumbs up!!

Heather Pinksaw

Rating: 5 stars

03/25/2020

Came out fantastic, will make again

Markeesa Timmons

Rating: 5 stars

07/09/2018

It was super easy-to-make taste was amazing .

Sarah Gray

Rating: 4 stars

06/28/2018

Very tasty I made it exactly as recipe said. It does have a subtle taste but
then again most ppl add soy sauce to their dish so I think it will compliment
it well

Jazzy D

Rating: 4 stars

12/11/2019

Giving 4 stars instead of 5 because I modified the recipe big time. But loved
the basic recipe. I followed some of the other suggestions posted in that I
used 1/2 cup water and 1/2 cup apple cider vinegar. I was making this to use
in a Pineapple Chicken recipe so I wanted the acid. I used fresh ground
ginger. Also used fresh garlic. DId not use soy sauce. Instead, I replaced it
with 5 TBSP worchestershire sauce mixed with 2 TBSP water. Replaced the brown
sugar and honey with 2 TBSP pure maple syrup and 2 TBSP honey. Wasn't looking
for a lot of sweetness because of using it with pineapple in my other recipe.
This will be my go-to recipe to adapt as needed when recipes call for teriyaki
sauce.

Cam pip

Rating: 4 stars

06/03/2019

It's no panda express-level sauce, but it's great for homemade teriyaki sauce!

Thomas Ross

Rating: 5 stars

01/26/2020

I initially tried the recipe, subbing pineapple juice for the water and adding
caramelized onions, and it was great. The second time I kept the onions but
used the water instead of the juice and liked it even better. This is a great
basic teriyaki sauce that tastes exactly like it's supposed to, and it's dead-
simple. I disagree with a lot of reviewers that this isn't a very flavorful
sauce, or that it's not very thick. It's thick enough, and a lot of other
sauce recipes are too sweet and salty for my taste. This recipe would be great
if you subbed fresh garlic and ginger, and added some sesame oil and seeds.

Augie Syn Jackal

Rating: 1 stars

03/11/2020

no flavor at all, I don't know who made this recipe; but I'd bet plain celery
is too much flavor for them

Adam H.

Rating: 1 stars

06/06/2020

Really odd recipe for Teriyaki sauce. It lists water twice, which must be a
mistake, because otherwise there is way too much water. Teriyaki sauce needs
only 1/4 cups water at the most. There is also no sesame oil or mirin listed,
which are main parts of Teriyaki sauce. Not having them in the recipe throws
off the taste completely. Would not recommend.

Cori

Rating: 4 stars

06/24/2018

I followed the recipe exactly. It turned out nice. I had to add a little more
water because the sauce got a little to thick.

Sandi

Rating: 4 stars

05/16/2020

Followed the recipe. The sauce was great and thickened very quickly with the
cornstarch. Used it as a marinade for blue fin tuna and served as a sauce.
Enjoyed and will make again.

Michelle Smith

Rating: 4 stars

06/03/2020

Asian cooks use a broth of some type if I am not mistaken, I swapped the water
with chicken broth. More flavorful

Lori Brill

Rating: 5 stars

05/03/2020

It tastes great!

shbailey

Rating: 3 stars

11/11/2018

I found the sauce to be very salty. Perhaps using low sodium soy sauce would
help.

jrthrmn

Rating: 5 stars

01/02/2020

I made delicious glazed turkey meatballs with this but added 1 T sesame oil
and 1 T apple cider vinegar. I used two 20-oz packages of lean ground turkey
to make 40 meatballs and seared them on medium high heat in batches of 10,
then just poured all the sauce (without the 1/4 c water or cornstarch) into
the pan with all the meatballs and let it reduce until the meatballs were
glazed and sticky. I may leave the vinegar out next time, not sure if it
contributed much. If you reduce the sauce in this way, it turns into a
'glaze', no cornstarch needed. If you make this be sure to sprinkle on toasted
sesame seeds and sliced scallions! This teriyaki sauce recipe is a keeper :)

archerette

Rating: 4 stars

05/24/2018

This was a good sauce for a quick dinner but it didn’t have much depth of
flavor

Randy

Rating: 5 stars

01/20/2020

I added twice as much ginger and twice as much honey. It was an excellent
recipe.

Jennifer Rowell

Rating: 5 stars

07/26/2019

Instead of 1 cup water I used 1/2 cup pineapple juice and 1/2 cup water...

Jeff Hollywood

Rating: 5 stars

03/15/2020

I went by the recipe and was very pleasantly surprised how easy it was to make
and how delicious it turned out!

kevc

Rating: 4 stars

07/02/2020

I cut the recipe in half and used it in Asian noodles with sous vide cooked
pork. It was just the right flavor and just the right amount for two people.

Gillian Rodgers

Rating: 5 stars

04/17/2020

Needs way more honey than it calls for, but very easy and very tasty. The
moment when it thickens up and goes clear is very satisfying. Going to try
replacing some of the water with pineapple juice next time!

Glenda Elzy

Rating: 5 stars

06/06/2019

I liked it. Didn't use all the corn starch because I didn't want it real
thick. Brushed it on chicken wings from the air fryer. Enjoyed it and will
make it again.

kerrybee

Rating: 5 stars

05/19/2019

made as directed, but doubled only the garlic powder, and this second time, I
added toasted sesame oil, how much? Several shakes of a fresh bottle, guessing
a teaspoon. As always, I use lower sodium soy sauce. Can this sauce be frozen?
I'd love to make it that way, even if adding the cornstarch/water had to be
added after defrosting.

Shannon Sanderson

Rating: 4 stars

06/26/2019

Will make again wife and I loved this sauce

Megan Leigh

Rating: 3 stars

12/31/2019

3 stars and only after I tweaked it. I followed the instructions exactly and
it was was really sour and strong. I added a LOT more brown sugar before it
tasted okay. It did not set up at all and was very liquidy.

Evette Unique Robinson

Rating: 5 stars

06/13/2019

Delicious!! Super easy and quick! I’ll never buy teriyaki sauce again!! I
grilled some tofu, steamed some kale, made brown rice and topped it with this
sauce and my hubby loved it!

Gary Long

Rating: 3 stars

03/16/2022

Needed a quick recipe and here it is, with simple ingredients in stock. It all
came together with no problems. Flavor was okay but barely there. IMO it needs
a little more work.

Breezy

Rating: 4 stars

04/23/2022

Yep, quick & easy. Next time I will add some crushed red pepper as I think it
needs a little zip.

Colleen Macknak-Edwards

Rating: 5 stars

05/17/2022

Great, simple recipe that we personalized a bit because we are such garlic
lovers. I replaced garlic powder with 1 teas of chopped garlic and a bit more
cornstarch to make it really thick.. It

Viktor Sirin

Rating: 4 stars

09/13/2021

Followed it exactly to judge it fairly. Was excellent. I used it for a
teriyaki burger, then baked some chicken breasts in it, and served over rice.
Also excellent. I will make one small change to the next batch; I'll probably
add some sesame oil at some point for just a bit more umami.

Lisa Lloyd

Rating: 5 stars

04/26/2022

Awesome!Thanks so much for this recipe!!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

05/03/2022

I love this recipe because it is really easy, simple, and quick to make!
Unfortunately, it was a bit bland like many of you have said and I tailored
the recipe to my own taste from everyone’s suggestions based on their own
reviews. I added about 2 tablespoons of vinegar, 1/4 cup of soy sauce, 2
tablespoon of garlic power, 4 tablespoons of honey, and of course 1 tablespoon
of real ginger instead of powder. It was creamy and taste awesome just the way
I like it! Next time, I will use the real garlic instead of powder! Thank you
so much!

Molly Van Auken

Rating: 4 stars

12/02/2020

Good for my first try

Batgirl

Rating: 5 stars

11/04/2020

Loved this recipe. I wanted to make teriyaki salmon, but forgot to buy the
sauce. I had all these ingredients in my pantry and the recipe saved the day.
Based on other reviews, I used slightly less water initially, but added it
back as I found it thickened up without any problem. After tasting it, I added
1T of rice vinegar for more zip but that's just my preference.

shenice525

Rating: 5 stars

06/19/2022

Amazing and so easy to make. Thank you for this great recipe. Never using
store brands again.

Kelly Latham

Rating: 5 stars

07/17/2022

Easy and delish!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

07/18/2022

I haven't been feeling well so my son made dinner last night. He wanted
teriyaki and we didn't have any so I found this recipe. Very easy he made it.
We added apple juice to thin it out add applied it to roasted chicken breast.
My son raved about it I was so proud that he could make it himself. This is a
keeper. Next time perhaps I'll put some pineapple in it, it is definitely a
good starting base. But delicious as it is!

jzam71

Rating: 5 stars

05/29/2022

Awesome recipe very delicious

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Simple Teriyaki Sauce

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Simple Teriyaki Sauce

##  All Reviews for Simple Teriyaki Sauce

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Simple Teriyaki Sauce

Servings Per Recipe: 12  
Calories: 21  

% Daily Value *

protein:  0.4g  1 %

carbohydrates:  5g  2 %

dietary fiber:  0.1g

sugars:  3.4g

vitamin a iu:  0.1IU

niacin equivalents:  0.2mg  2 %

folate:  0.8mcg

calcium:  3.6mg

iron:  0.1mg  1 %

magnesium:  3mg  1 %

potassium:  17mg  1 %

sodium:  302.1mg  12 %

calories from fat:  0.1

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Simple Teriyaki Sauce

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 230

Simple Teriyaki Sauce

1 of 39 Simple Teriyaki Sauce

Allrecipes Member

Simple Teriyaki Sauce

2 of 39 Simple Teriyaki Sauce

Amanda77

Simple Teriyaki Sauce

3 of 39 Simple Teriyaki Sauce

Allrecipes Member

Simple Teriyaki Sauce

4 of 39 Simple Teriyaki Sauce

Lisa Lloyd

Simple Teriyaki Sauce

5 of 39 Simple Teriyaki Sauce

rhondacanter

Simple Teriyaki Sauce

6 of 39 Simple Teriyaki Sauce

mark tymon

Simple Teriyaki Sauce

7 of 39 Simple Teriyaki Sauce

Resist2Survive

Simple Teriyaki Sauce

8 of 39 Simple Teriyaki Sauce

Carlos Martinez

Simple Teriyaki Sauce

9 of 39 Simple Teriyaki Sauce

Josh Wieler

Simple Teriyaki Sauce

10 of 39 Simple Teriyaki Sauce

amerita

Simple Teriyaki Sauce

11 of 39 Simple Teriyaki Sauce

morriganmum

Simple Teriyaki Sauce

12 of 39 Simple Teriyaki Sauce

grace patterson

Simple Teriyaki Sauce

13 of 39 Simple Teriyaki Sauce

CookinforU

Simple Teriyaki Sauce

14 of 39 Simple Teriyaki Sauce

meghannw

Simple Teriyaki Sauce

15 of 39 Simple Teriyaki Sauce

andriusha

Simple Teriyaki Sauce

16 of 39 Simple Teriyaki Sauce

Kayla Gallien

Simple Teriyaki Sauce

17 of 39 Simple Teriyaki Sauce

jpwitts

Simple Teriyaki Sauce

18 of 39 Simple Teriyaki Sauce

Linda

Simple Teriyaki Sauce

19 of 39 Simple Teriyaki Sauce

Chris

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Simple Teriyaki Sauce to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Simple Teriyaki Sauce

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

