https://www.gimmesomeoven.com/fried-rice-recipe/


Mobile Menu Trigger

__

Mobile Search Trigger

  * Home
  * About Ali
  * Contact
  * Recipes
    * Browse Recipes
    * Recipe Index
    * Recipe Videos
    * How To's
  * Travel
    * Barcelona Travel Guide
    * Destinations
  * Life
    * 10 Things I've Learned
    * Ask Ali
    * Everyday Life
    * Married Life
    * Our Move To Barcelona
    * Our Wedding

  * Home
  * About
    * About Ali
    * Contact
  * Recipe Index

__

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Browse Recipes
    * Recipe Videos
    * How To's
  * Travel
    * Barcelona Travel Guide
    * Destinations
  * Life
    * Everyday Life
    * Our Move To Barcelona
    * Our Wedding

# Fried Rice

Jump To Recipe 2,066 Comments »

This post may contain affiliate links. Please read my disclosure policy.

_This Chinese-inspired fried rice recipe is my absolute fave. It 's quick and
easy to make, customizable with any of your favorite mix-ins, and so
irresistibly delicious._

Hey friends! I'm digging back into the blog archives today to share one of my
all-time favorite recipes.

My favorite homemade fried rice. ♡

Growing up, our family had a tradition of eating lunch every Saturday at our
neighborhood's favorite local Chinese restaurant. And every single Saturday
for lunch, I ordered the same thing -- egg drop soup and fried rice, my
absolute favorites. This restaurant set the bar _high_ for me early when it
comes to how amazing fried rice could be. Theirs was always perfectly al dente
with slightly crispy edges, full of rich savory flavors, and loaded up with
plenty of extra veggies, eggs, and whatever protein sounded good.

After our favorite restaurant sadly closed over a decade ago, I spent years
tinkering around with dozens and dozens of batches of fried rice, attempting
to recreate a fried recipe that tasted as good as theirs. And while nothing
will ever match the original in my book, this fried rice recipe that I've
landed on is as close as I've come and has been my favorite go-to ever since.
It's surprisingly speedy to make, easy to customize with your favorite add-
ins, and SO flavorful and comforting. Thousands of our readers have also made
and enjoyed it over the years since. So if you're looking for a good recipe to
try, I hope you'll enjoy it too.

Let's make some homemade fried rice!

## Fried Rice Recipe | 1-Minute Video

## Tips For Making The Best Fried Rice:

Ok, let's get right to it. Here are the important things I have learned over
the years about how to make the best fried rice.

**1) Use cold rice:** You've gotta plan ahead and use thoroughly-chilled
cooked rice. A fresh batch of warm (or even lukewarm) rice will not fry well
when it hits the hot pan, and will result in soggy and sticky clumps -- no
good. So leftover refrigerated rice is ideal! Or, if you _are_ in a hurry (or
have an impulse craving for fried rice, which I completely understand ?), just
cook up a fresh batch of rice. Then spread it out on a baking sheet or another
large flat pan, drape the rice with a layer of plastic wrap, then pop it in
the fridge for 30 minutes (or in the freezer for 10-15 minutes) until it is
thoroughly chilled (not frozen).

**2)** **Use butter:** Yes, butter. I have made many a batch of fried rice
using various oils, and I'm now convinced there's a reason why Japanese steak
houses use that big slab of butter when they're making fried rice. It just
tastes _so much_ better, and also makes everything brown up perfectly.
(Although by contrast to Japanese steak houses, we only use 3 tablespoons for
a large batch of rice in this recipe.)

**3) Use veggies:** This is one of my big pet peeves with lame take-out fried
rice -- not enough veggies! In addition to adding some nice spots of color,
veggies go a _long_ way in adding some flavor and freshness to fried rice. Our
local Chinese restaurant always added both white and green onions, too, which
I included in this recipe. But feel free to modernize this recipe with some
other delicious stir-fried veggies as well!

**4)** **Use toasted sesame oil and oyster sauce:** If you do not eat seafood,
you can leave out the oyster sauce and your fried rice will still be great.
But this ingredient makes _such_ a difference in good fried rice, and a little
goes a long way. So even if you're not into oysters, don't be scared of oyster
sauce! Toasted sesame oil, on the other hand, is 100% non-negotiable. It is my
favorite smelling ingredient in my kitchen, and tastes wonderful in fried
rice. (Also note that sesame oil is meant as a finishing oil, not a cooking
oil, so remove the pan from the heat and _then_ stir it in.)

**5) Use high heat:** This will help fry and brown the rice and veggies well,
and will also help prevent the rice from steaming in the pan instead of
frying.

**6) Let the rice brown a bit on the bottom:** If you're like me and love your
rice to be a bit crispy, let it rest for a bit in between stirs so that it can
brown a bit on the bottom. It also helps greatly to use a non-stick skillet so
that the rice doesn't stick to the bottom of the pan.

**7) Don 't be afraid to add in some extra soy sauce at the end: **I know that
everyone has different sensitivities to salt, and different brands of soy
sauce also contain pretty dramatically different levels of sodium. So I went a
little light on soy sauce in the recipe below. But _please_ add more at the
end if this tastes good to you. I almost always stir an extra drizzle into my
portion and love it.

## Homemade Fried Rice Ingredients:

Alright, so let's talk ingredients. To make this fried rice recipe, you will
need (affiliate links included):

  * **Cooked, chilled rice:** Any kind of white or brown rice will do. Just be sure that it is cooked (I always cook mine in this rice cooker, which works like a charm) and thoroughly chilled (in a sealed container in the refrigerator) before adding it to your hot skillet. Again, freshly-cooked rice _will not work well_ in this recipe.
  * **Eggs:** Which add great flavor, texture and protein.
  * **Carrots, onions, green onions and peas:** This is the base mix of veggies that I always use for fried rice, but feel free to add in other stir-fry veggies you love (see ideas below).
  * **Garlic:** Freshly-minced.
  * **Soy sauce:** I created this recipe using low-sodium soy sauce. So add less if you're using traditional soy sauce.
  * **Oyster sauce:** This is a major flavor booster in fried rice and (don't worry) doesn't taste like oysters. You can find it in the Asian section of grocery stores, or order it on Amazon. ****
  * **Toasted sesame oil:** The finishing touch in this recipe, which is a must. You can also find it in the Asian section of grocery stores, or order it on Amazon.
  * **Butter:** My favorite way to stir fry rice.

##

##

## How To Make Fried Rice:

To make this homemade fried rice recipe, simply:

  1. **Scramble eggs:** Using a small pat of butter, scramble some eggs in a large sauté pan, breaking them into small pieces as you go. Then transfer the eggs to a separate plate, and set aside.
  2. **Sauté veggies and garlic:** Return your sauté pan to the heat, and sauté the onions, carrots, peas and garlic until soft and cooked through.
  3. **Stir fry rice:** Then turn the burner to high heat. Scooch the veggies over to one side of the pan, melt the remaining butter in the other half, and add the chilled rice, soy sauce, and oyster sauce (if using). Then stir to combine with the veggies and continue sautéing the rice, stirring every 15-20 seconds or so for 3 minutes, or until you notice the rice and veggies starting to brown slightly.
  4. **Remove pan from heat.** And stir in your green onions, sesame oil, and scrambled eggs.
  5. **Taste and season.** Give the rice a taste, and season with salt and pepper, plus any extra soy sauce or sesame oil if needed.
  6. **Serve!** Then dish it up and serve nice and warm!

## Easy Fried Rice Variations:

The sky's the limit when it comes to homemade fried rice variations, so feel
free to get creative and use up other leftover ingredients you may happen to
have on hand. That said, here are some classic add-ins:

  * **Chicken Fried Rice:** You can either sauté some chicken in a separate sauté pan while making your fried rice. Then shred or dice and add to your fried rice. Or for a shortcut, I like to shred a rotisserie chicken. Or even better, shred leftovers from my favorite baked chicken breasts recipe.
  * **Pork Fried Rice:** Sauté a boneless pork chop in a separate sauté pan while making your fried rice. Then dice and add to your rice.
  * **Beef Fried Rice:** Sauté steak or brown ground beef in a separate sauté pan while making your fried rice. Then crumble or dice and add to your rice.
  * **Shrimp Fried Rice:** Sauté half a pound of peeled, raw shrimp in separate sauté pan while making your fried rice. Then add the shrimp to your rice.
  * **Vegetable Fried Rice:** Any stir-fry friendly veggies would be great in fried rice! Just sauté at the same time that you cook the onions, carrots, peas and garlic. Then stir to combine with the fried rice.
  * **Kimchi Fried Rice:** Fresh kimchi adds a major flavor boost to fried rice. Just chop and stir it in to make kimchi fried rice.
  * **Pineapple Fried Rice:** Fresh pineapple can be traditional in Chinese or Thai fried rice. Just chop and stir it in to combine.

Also, in lieu of using traditional white rice in this recipe, feel free to
make:

  * **Fried Brown Rice:** For a healthier twist, feel free to use cooked brown rice in this recipe instead of white rice.
  * **Quinoa Fried Rice:**Here is my favorite recipe.

## What To Serve With Fried Rice:

Looking for inspiration? Some of my favorite recipes to serve with fried rice
include:

  * Egg Drop Soup or Hot and Sour Soup
  * 12-Minute Chicken & Broccoli
  * 20-Minute Moo Shu Pork (or Chicken)
  * Beef & Broccoli
  * Thai Basil Chicken
  * Sesame Noodles with Broccoli and Almonds
  * Black Pepper Chicken

Print

clock clock iconcutlery cutlery iconflag flag iconfolder folder iconinstagram
instagram iconpinterest pinterest iconfacebook facebook iconprint print
iconsquares squares iconheart heart iconheart solid heart solid icon

## Fried Rice

★★★★★ 4.9 from 1078 reviews

  * Prep Time: 5 minutes
  * Cook Time: 10 minutes
  * Total Time: 15 minutes
  * Yield: 4 -6 servings 1x

Print Recipe

Pin Recipe

* * *

### Description

Learn how to make fried rice with this classic recipe. It only takes 15
minutes to make, it's easy to customize with your favorite add-ins, and it's
SO flavorful and delicious!

* * *

### Ingredients

Scale 1x2x3x

  * 3 tablespoons butter, divided
  * 2 large eggs, whisked
  * 2 medium carrots, peeled and diced
  * 1 small white onion, diced
  * 1/2 cup frozen peas
  * 3 cloves garlic, minced
  * salt and black pepper
  * 4 cups cooked and chilled rice (I prefer short-grain white rice)
  * 3 green onions, thinly sliced
  * 3-4 tablespoons soy sauce, or more to taste
  * 2 teaspoons oyster sauce (optional)
  * 1/2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil

* * *

### Instructions

  1. Heat 1/2 tablespoon of butter in a large sauté pan* over medium-high heat until melted. Add egg, and cook until scrambled, stirring occasionally. Remove egg, and transfer to a separate plate.
  2. Add an additional 1 tablespoon butter to the pan and heat until melted. Add carrots, onion, peas and garlic, and season with a generous pinch of salt and pepper. Sauté for about 5 minutes or until the onion and carrots are soft. Increase heat to high, add in the remaining 1 1/2 tablespoons of butter, and stir until melted. Immediately add the rice, green onions, soy sauce and oyster sauce (if using), and stir until combined. Continue sautéing for an additional 3 minutes to fry the rice, stirring occasionally. (I like to let the rice rest for a bit between stirs so that it can crisp up on the bottom.) Then add in the eggs and stir to combine. Remove from heat, and stir in the sesame oil until combined. Taste and season with extra soy sauce, if needed.
  3. Serve immediately, or refrigerate in a sealed container for up to 3 days.

* * *

### Equipment

Oyster Sauce

Buy Now →

Toasted Sesame Oil

Buy Now →

Nonstick Pans

Buy Now →

* * *

### Notes

* **Sauté pan:** If you happen to own a nonstick or cast-iron pan, I would recommend it for this recipe. But that said, any pan that you have can work -- you may just have to be a bit more vigilant with stirring so that the rice and eggs don't stick.

### Let us know if you made this recipe!

Tag @gimmesomeoven on Instagram and hashtag it #gimmesomeoven

Share this Post

  *   *   *   * 

_posted on_ July 10, 2017 _by_ Ali

Freezer-Friendly, Main Dishes, Vegetarian

2,066 Comments »

#### You May Also Like...

### Chili Lime Salmon with Esquites

### Deviled Eggs

### Pasta alla Gricia

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe rating _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

###  2,066 comments on "Fried Rice"

« Previous 1 … 31 32 33

  1. **Janna** -- May 18, 2022 @ 10:40 pm  Reply

Will make again! Oyster sauce…a must it is so yummy!

★★★★★

  2. **Kyle** -- May 21, 2022 @ 12:11 pm  Reply

Everyone loves it when I make "my" fried rice. This recipe is great I add
extra eggs and extra veggies. I make it a couple times a month lately.

★★★★★

  3. **Debra Lessner** -- May 22, 2022 @ 5:56 pm  Reply

I love this recipe! Have made it at least six times. One of my favourite
meals.  
Thank you for sharing!  
Add lots moreteen called for and some celery.  
I add the frozen peas last.  
And also use Bragg’s amino acid instead of soy sauce

★★★★★

  4. **Katherine Iriarte** -- May 22, 2022 @ 6:30 pm  Reply

Just made this and my kids and I loved it - very picky eaters! Thanks for the
great tips! So delicious can't wait to make it again with the variations!

★★★★★

  5. **Amanda** -- May 23, 2022 @ 11:34 am  Reply

Thank you! We have used this recipe for months now. I just made it on the
blackstone for the first time last week after enjoying it on the stove during
the colder months. We love it so much this is my first comment ever on a
recipe.

★★★★★

  6. **Denise** -- May 23, 2022 @ 8:09 pm  Reply

This recipe for fried rice is so tasty. Finally found one that has some
flavor. It's all the tips. Thx 😊

★★★★★

  7. **Dawn** -- May 24, 2022 @ 5:16 pm  Reply

Delish😋! Added some cabbage, shrimp, and some pieces of Costco chicken as
well..

★★★★★

  8. **Benjamin** -- May 28, 2022 @ 5:34 pm  Reply

When I adjust the ingredients for more servings, the recipe itself should
update the quantities needed.

    * **AJ** -- June 8, 2022 @ 5:21 pm 

Absolutely unnecessary to update the recipe itself each time, unless you're
seriously lacking in reasoning skills!

★★★★★

  9. **Tammy** -- May 29, 2022 @ 5:07 pm  Reply

This recipe brought my rice to the top level thank you so very much oyster
sauce was the key. Hubby said no more take out.

★★★★★

  10. **Joan** -- May 31, 2022 @ 7:41 am  Reply

This is the best fried rice recipe. Its very easy to add other ingredients or
meats. We love it at my house. I served it gluten free to some friends and
will be making it gluten free for a potluck. Thanks for sharing!

  11. **Ashley** -- June 1, 2022 @ 9:28 pm  Reply

My family loves this recipe! We got a wok and it’s pretty cool using it. We
like to pair this with the potstickers from Costco too! Soo good!

★★★★★

  12. **Sheri** -- June 5, 2022 @ 10:47 am  Reply

Excellent. The only tweaks I made were, one, I scrambled the eggs with a
teaspoon of sesame oil, and, two, I omitted the peas. Oh, and I shredded the
carrots instead of dicing.

★★★★★

  13. **Eric Chavez** -- June 5, 2022 @ 7:53 pm  Reply

EXCELLENT recipe…every time!!! Better then BeniHana too!!! I cook 3/4 pound
ground chicken, add just a dash of salt/pepper and put aside. Then the
scrambled eggs, and so on. One WOK cooking!!

★★★★★

  14. **Eneida** -- June 7, 2022 @ 10:27 am  Reply

Love cooking

  15. **Shane** -- June 7, 2022 @ 6:02 pm  Reply

I made this for my wifes family(cambodian) and my mil said this tasts like
fried rice her mother used to make.  
Only thing i changed was i added 1tsp of fish sauce. I've made it with
chicken, pork, shrimp, smoked sausage, and chinese sausage and the recipe
worked great with all the proteins i have tryed so far. This is a easy 5☆

★★★★★

  16. **Liz** -- June 8, 2022 @ 12:57 pm  Reply

Best fried rice I've ever had. Really accurate recipe!

★★★★★

  17. **Sharla Ream** -- June 8, 2022 @ 2:17 pm  Reply

The key to rice that doesn't stick together and has that distinctly nutty
flavor is to fry (toast) the rice before you boil or steam it. Put a bit of
butter or oil in a fry pan toss in your uncooked rice and stir constantly over
high heat for abt 3 min. then cook as uasual.

  18. **Edward Collins** -- June 9, 2022 @ 4:01 am  Reply

Fabulous! I was using Evoo, but plan on ramping it up the next time with
butter! Also like Jasmine rice. Works well with either frozen or canned mixed
veggies.

  19. **Keely** -- June 11, 2022 @ 8:46 pm  Reply

Super yummy! Definitely worth all the ⭐️!

★★★★★

  20. **Jeff** -- June 12, 2022 @ 5:16 pm  Reply

Very good! You must use the oyster sauce. I also use extra eggs

  21. **Jacqueline Truss** -- June 13, 2022 @ 5:24 pm  Reply

Made the fried rice, it was awesome. I will be making it again and again.
Didn't use the oyster sauce and it was still awesome. Also added in some
shrimp.

  22. **Katherine** -- June 13, 2022 @ 5:28 pm  Reply

I made it for supper tonight, chicken fried rice, followed your recipe, it was
easy, fast and very tasty. Thank-you! 🥰

★★★★★

  23. **Candace** -- June 17, 2022 @ 6:37 pm  Reply

Easy to make with instructions. True test. Husband loved it.

★★★★★

  24. **DJ** -- June 22, 2022 @ 3:39 pm  Reply

This is the best fried rice recipe I have found that is easy and tastes great.
I included the oyster sauce the first time I prepared it. Never included it
using other recipes. Will be fixing this again Really good. Anxious to try
with chicken, shrimp, pork, and/or beef or maybe all of them.

★★★★★

  25. **Ron** -- June 22, 2022 @ 4:30 pm  Reply

Had some left over blackbean and corn salad that through in with the veggies
and it all fried up nice with this recipe. Thanks for the tips!

★★★★★

  26. **Nadine Link** -- June 23, 2022 @ 6:36 pm  Reply

This fried rice recipe is A-W-E-S-O-M-E! THANK YOU. Followed your suggestions
and this is now a family favorite and in my recipe book. Definitely a keeper.
Looking forward to trying the spicy chicken fried rice and many more recipes!
Thanks for sharing your gift and this recipe! :)

★★★★★

  27. **Lisa** -- June 27, 2022 @ 5:46 pm  Reply

Just made this, and my husband and I loved it! Definitely in our dinner
rotation 😊

★★★★★

  28. **Flgirl55** -- June 29, 2022 @ 12:52 pm  Reply

Excellent. First time making fried rice for me. Followed all instructions but
added more oyster sauce and drizzled a bit of honey mixed in. Everyone loved
it. Thank you!

★★★★★

  29. **Toby** -- July 1, 2022 @ 2:37 pm  Reply

Perfect! Just like our favorite dinner spot

★★★★★

  30. **Mikini Williams** -- July 3, 2022 @ 7:06 pm  Reply

Very tasty recipe! I used the equivalent of 2 Just Eggs, used some miyoko’s
butter (I’m lactose intolerant), and I added some of the Omnipork luncheon
meat to make it into a vegetarian pork fried rice. I’m not vegan so I still
used the oyster sauce. Next time I’ll use my wok to cook it.

★★★★★

  31. **Ralinda** -- July 5, 2022 @ 8:55 am  Reply

This is the very best fried rice recipe ever.

  32. **AllyR** -- July 5, 2022 @ 5:33 pm  Reply

I thought this was super close to takeout flavors! We don't have a good
Chinese take-out place in our new hometown so I've been searching for
alternatives and this was a great mimic! And probably *slightly* healthier
too! Truly the butter does do something good to this dish and the note about
finishing with the sesame oil was great!

★★★★★

  33. **Kathy S** -- July 6, 2022 @ 5:08 pm  Reply

I followed the recipe, it was absolutely the best fried rice I ever made!

★★★★★

  34. **CW** -- July 6, 2022 @ 9:05 pm  Reply

Cannot get this to taste right. I don’t know what I’m doing wrong? My rice is
just ugly brown, not yellowish brown like the picture. Only thing I didn’t use
was oyster sauce. Frustrated.  
(Giving 5 stars cause I’m sure it’s me!)

★★★★★

  35. **Tammy Bach** -- July 18, 2022 @ 7:12 pm  Reply

Great recipe only thing I do differently is cook eggs in a little seseme oil
and butter

  36. **Justin** -- July 24, 2022 @ 7:15 pm  Reply

Excellent recipe. I substituted green pepper for the peas and it was
excellent. Would definitely make it again and might try throwing some chicken
and/or pineapple in to the mix as well. Quick tip, I cooked it in a wok on
extra high heat which made combining all the ingredients a breeze.

★★★★

  37. **Sstar** -- July 27, 2022 @ 3:53 pm  Reply

Excellent, thank you

★★★★★

  38. **Ellie** -- July 29, 2022 @ 9:38 am  Reply

I am not too keen on rice, but I saw this recipe and it looked too good not to
try and it was great! Loved it and ate it all and i’m sure my boyfriend will
love me for introducing him to the recipe :)

  39. **Cara** -- July 29, 2022 @ 2:23 pm  Reply

Had some leftover rice in my fridge and made this on a whim. It's SO great! My
boyfriend was going to make his own lunch and he ended up stealing this
instead. Have saved this recipe for the future, can't wait to make again,
Thank you for sharing!

★★★★★

  40. **Mirka** -- July 29, 2022 @ 10:08 pm  Reply

Perfect easy recipe … 🙏 thank you so much

★★★★★

  41. **Alicia** -- August 3, 2022 @ 9:14 pm  Reply

So many great reviews for a reason. This is delish! The first time I made it
without the oyster sauce, it was amazing too but the oyster sauce takes it to
the next level. I use Tamari instead of soy. I’ll keep making it for sure.

★★★★★

« Previous 1 … 31 32 33

Leave a Comment »

### Hey, I’m Ali!

My favorite thing in life is time spent around the table. And all the better
with some seriously tasty food to bring us all together. **more about me »**

### Subscribe via Email:

### Food (more)

#### Ginger Peach Crisp

#### Vegan Brownies

#### Peach Gazpacho

### Life (more)

#### Currently

#### Currently

#### 3 Meaningful Ways You Can Help Support Ukraine Right Now

### Travel (more)

#### Ali's Guide To Istanbul

#### Ali's Guide To Mexico City

#### Ali's Guide To The Amalfi Coast

  * Home
  * About Ali
  * Privacy Policy
  * Work With Us
  * Contact

(C)2009-2022 Gimme Some Oven. _Design by_ Purr.  

