https://www.wokandkin.com/dried-scallop-and-egg-white-fried-rice/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * About
  * Asian Pantry Ingredients
    * Herbs & Aromatics
    * Vegetables and Leafy Greens
    * Dehydrated, Cured and Preserved Ingredients
    * Dry Spices
    * Everything You Need to Know About Asian Noodle Types
    * Sauces & Oils
  * Recipes
    * Appetisers
    * Chicken
    * Pork
    * Beef
    * Seafood
    * Egg
    * Vegetables
    * Vegetarian
    * Rice
    * Noodles
    * Noodle Soup
    * Soup
    * Dessert
    * Sauces
    * Drinks
    * How-To's
    * Asian-Inspired Holidays
  * Subscribe

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * About
  * Recipes
    * Appetizers
    * Chicken
    * Pork
    * Beef
    * Seafood
    * Egg
    * Vegetables
    * Vegetarian
    * Rice
    * Noodles
    * Noodle Soup
    * Soup
    * Dessert
    * Sauces
    * Drinks
    * How-To's
    * Asian Holiday Recipes and Menus
  * Asian Pantry Ingredients
    * Herbs & Aromatics
    * Vegetables and Leafy Greens
    * Dehydrated, Cured and Preserved Ingredients
    * Dry Spices
    * Everything You Need to Know About Asian Noodle Types
    * Sauces & Oils
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

×

Home » Rice » Dried Scallop and Egg White Fried Rice (瑤柱蛋白炒飯)

Published: Jul 28, 2022 · Last Modified: Jul 28, 2022 by Jeannette ·

# Dried Scallop and Egg White Fried Rice (瑤柱蛋白炒飯)

__Pin 254

 __Share

 __Yum 4

 __Email

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

_Dad 's Dried Scallop and Egg White Fried Rice comes loaded with crispy
scallop threads and egg white clouds! This restaurant-quality dish is
incredibly easy because it's made using just 7 ingredients. It's also a great
way to use up any leftover rice!_

## Bring celebration to your table

Dad's Dried Scallop and Egg White Fried Rice definitely deserves a spot on the
A-list of any fried rice menu. It passes all the necessary tests: it’s easy,
incredibly tasty and vibrant with textures.

I personally like to savor every moment with this dish because for our family,
it only makes its appearance during celebrations, like at Lunar New Year
banquets.

That’s how you know it’s SENSATIONAL.

Now, I’ll let you in on some very exciting inside scoop: eating it only once a
year will forever be a thing of the past.

I asked Dad for this winning recipe and he didn’t disappoint – he gave me
every detail I needed to recreate an aromatic fried rice. We’ve got you
covered for all 365 days!

You can scoop into a bowl with confidence, knowing that your grains will have
**deeply golden scallops** and **delicate egg whites** worked all the way
through. Then experience the **thrill of fish roe gently popping in your mouth
while crunchy greens bring freshness to your palette**.

Top it off with some XO Sauce flavor explosion and you’re set. Everyone can
enjoy it in the comfort of their own home, celebration or not!

## Why this recipe works

  * Using a few ingredients keeps the flavor profile simple so it can **compliment your favorite side dishes**.
  * Rehydrated seafood has a more potent taste, **elevating this dish using fewer ingredients**.
  * Topping everything with fish roe **keeps the texture exciting** with pops as you chew.

## What you'll need

### About the rice

You can use any leftover rice for this recipe. At home, we eat riceberry (see
ingredients image) so we use that instead.

## How to make this recipe

Rehydrate each scallop by rinsing them in cool water, then sit them in a new
batch of cool water for a minimum of 20 minutes. When rehydrated, pour the
contents into a colander to let everything drip dry.

Use a paper towel to remove any excess moisture.

Get a mortar and pestle to pound at the rehydrated scallops until they
resemble thin threads. Alternatively, use your hands to shred them.

When you're done, set everything aside while you work on the other
ingredients.

Remove the leaves off the Chinese broccoli, the use a small sharp knife to
peel away the tough outer layer on the stems. Thinly slice the greens and
place them in a bowl or on a plate for later.

Heat up a wok on high and pour 1 tbsp oil in. When hot, add the shredded
scallops in.

Toast on a low-medium heat for 10 minutes or until golden brown and crispy,
then transfer onto a plate.

Add 1 tbsp oil into the wok and scramble the egg whites for 30 seconds or
until they're just cooked. Pour everything onto another plate.

Heat up the wok to a high heat and add 1 tbsp of oil. Toss in the rice and
stir for 5 minutes, using a cooking spatula to break up the rice.

Add the scallops, salt and chicken bouillon powder. Stir until well combined.

Toss in the sliced Chinese broccoli.

Pour the cooked egg whites in, then mix everything together for 30 seconds.

Plate and top with fish roe. Serve immediately as is!

## Recipe FAQs

**Why is are my cooked grains so _white_?**

Most of the fried rice you find in restaurants tend to be darker in color
since different sauces are used. In some instances, food coloring or tumeric
powder is added to make it appear yellow!  
However, Dried Scallop and Egg White Fried Rice, also known as ‘Billionaire
Fried Rice’, steers clear from that. Our recipe uses simple yet aromatic
ingredients to embrace rice in its purest form.

**Where can I get dried scallops?**

You can find the seafood dehydrated from Chinese supermarkets or shops that
sell Chinese delicacies like sea cucumber, abalone or fish maw.  
They will need to be rinsed before soaking in cool water.

**How long can I store it for?**

After it has cooled, you can store it in the fridge for up to 3 days. Just
make sure it's kept in an airtight container to seal in the freshness.

## Tips for the best results

  * **Use white rice.** Rice takes the spotlight here, so keep it simple with a mild-tasting grain.
  *  **Hand-shred each scallop.** This produces a finer texture with thinner threads, which will crisp up even more when cooked.
  *  **Avoid overcooking the ingredients.** With any stir fry, each layer gets cooked once before it's put together with everything else for one final cook. Since it goes through 2 rounds of heat, it's important to keep the ingredients slightly undercooked so they're al dente by the end.

## Serve it with these festive dishes!

We love eating fried rice as part of a celebratory banquet, but you can also
pair it with these favorites to take your dinners to a whole new level:

  * Chinese Fish Soup (魚頭爐) - This soup is true comfort food with its crunchy pickled greens and lightly seasoned broth.
  * Stir Fried Pea Shoots with Garlic - If you want a no-fuss greens stir fry, you'll want to give our restaurant-style dish a go.
  * Four Cup Chicken (四杯雞) - Enjoy a whole chicken with this family main. The chicken's silky, flavorful and perfect served with rice.
  * Salted Egg Yolk Prawns (牛油黃金虾) - These buttery and crunchy prawns make any meal a fantastic one.
  * Salted Egg Chips - Snack on our favorite chips before, during and after any feast!

## Want more home cooked recipes?

Subscribe to our email list and be the first to get recipe updates as soon as
they’re posted. You can also follow _Wok & Kin_ on Instagram, Pinterest,
Facebook and Twitter!

## Dried Scallop and Egg White Fried Rice (瑤柱蛋白炒飯)

Dad's Dried Scallop and Egg White Fried Rice comes loaded with scallop threads
and egg clouds. This dish is easy because it's made using 7 ingredients!

5 from 5 votes

Print Pin Rate

Prep Time: 15 minutes

Cook Time: 20 minutes

Scallop Rehydration Time: 20 minutes

Total Time: 55 minutes

Servings: 6

Calories: 198kcal

Author: Jeannette

### Equipment

  * ▢

Colander

  * ▢

Mortar and pestle

  * ▢

small sharp knife (for peeling the Chinese broccoli stems)

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 2 cup cooked rice (we make it the night before and leave it in the fridge overnight)
  * ▢ 80 g rehydrated dried scallops
  * ▢ 5 Chinese broccoli (or to preference)
  * ▢ 3 egg white
  * ▢ fish roe (optional; we get it from the fish monger)
  * ▢ 1 tsp salt (or to taste)
  * ▢ 1/2 tbsp chicken bouillon powder
  * ▢ 4 tbsp cooking oil

### Instructions

  * Rehydrate each scallop by rinsing them in cool water, then sit them in a new batch of cool water for a minimum of 20 minutes. When rehydrated, pour the contents into a colander to let everything drip dry.

  * Use a paper towel to remove any excess moisture.

  * Get a mortar and pestle to pound at the rehydrated scallops until they resemble thin threads. Alternatively, use your hands to shred them.

When you're done, set everything aside while you work on the other
ingredients.

  * Remove the leaves off the Chinese broccoli, the use a small sharp knife to peel away the tough outer layer on the stems.

  * Thinly slice the greens and place them in a bowl or on a plate for later.

  * Heat up a wok on high and pour 1 tbsp oil in. When hot, add the shredded scallops in.

  * Toast on a low-medium heat for 10 minutes or until golden brown and crispy, then transfer onto a plate.

  * Add 1 tbsp oil into the wok and scramble the egg whites for 30 seconds or until they're just cooked. Pour everything onto another plate.

  * Heat up the wok to a high heat and add 1 tbsp of oil. Toss in the rice and stir for 5 minutes, using a cooking spatula to break up the rice.

  * Add the scallops, salt and chicken bouillon powder. Stir until well combined.

  * Toss in the sliced Chinese broccoli.

  * Pour the cooked egg whites in, then mix everything together for 30 seconds.

  * Plate and top with fish roe. Serve immediately as is! 

### Notes

  * **Use white rice.** Rice takes the spotlight here, so keep it simple with a mild-tasting grain.
  * **Hand-shred each scallop.** This produces a finer texture with thinner threads, which will crisp up even more when cooked.
  * **Avoid overcooking the ingredients.** With any stir fry, each layer gets cooked once before it's put together with everything else for one final cook. Since it goes through 2 rounds of heat, it's important to keep the ingredients slightly undercooked so they're al dente by the end.
  * You can use **any leftover rice** for this recipe. At home, we eat riceberry (see ingredients image) so we use that instead.

### Nutrition

Calories: 198kcal | Carbohydrates: 16g | Protein: 11g | Fat: 10g | Saturated
Fat: 1g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 3g | Monounsaturated Fat: 6g | Trans Fat: 1g |
Cholesterol: 1mg | Sodium: 512mg | Potassium: 44mg | Fiber: 1g | Sugar: 1g |
Vitamin A: 1IU | Vitamin C: 1mg | Calcium: 7mg | Iron: 1mg

Tried this recipe? Tag me TODAY!If you recreated this authentic recipe, I’d
love to see it! Tag me on Instagram at @wokandkin.

This post was originally published on 21/1/20 and updated with new photos in
August 2022.

## Join the family!

Email Address

Subscribe

### Share the love:

  * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
  * 

« Chinese Mango Pudding (芒果布丁)

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Kushigalu says

January 22, 2020 at 3:16 am

  
Always looking for new variety of rice recipe. This looks amazingly delicious.
Will try this soon.

Reply

    * Jeannette says

January 22, 2020 at 11:08 am

Thanks! I hope you enjoy it!

Reply

  2. Cate says

January 22, 2020 at 4:48 am

This sounds like such a healthy and hearty meal! A great idea for meal
prepping!

Reply

    * Jeannette says

January 22, 2020 at 11:08 am

Thanks, Cate! It certainly is a great meal prep idea!

Reply

  3. Anita says

January 22, 2020 at 6:02 am

  
Oh my, this is the really good stuff! I usually only get this from some really
great Chinese restaurants. Being able to replicate this at home is just so
awesome. 🙂

Reply

    * Jeannette says

January 22, 2020 at 11:09 am

This dish is such a treat for us too! I hope you love it the way we do!

Reply

  4. Dannii says

January 22, 2020 at 9:46 am

What a great way to jazz up rice. It sounds delicious.

Reply

    * Jeannette says

January 22, 2020 at 11:10 am

Thanks, Dannii!

Reply

      * Yen says

November 24, 2020 at 8:36 pm

  
Hi Jeannette,  
I stumbled upon this recipe while looking for fish roe fried rice recipe. Am
making this tonight for dinner. Is there any particular reason for using only
egg whites?

Reply

        * Jeannette says

November 24, 2020 at 8:51 pm

Hi, Yen! I'm excited you're trying this recipe! I've only ever had it with egg
whites at restaurants and I would say it's because it gives it a cleaner taste
but you can certainly use the whole egg if you'd prefer it that way 🙂

Reply

  5. Veena Azmanov says

January 22, 2020 at 10:32 am

  
My first attempt to such an awesome recipe. Full of flavor and perfect too.
Love the various combination of ingredients. Delicious.

Reply

    * Jeannette says

January 22, 2020 at 11:10 am

I'm so glad you tried it and liked it!

Reply

  6. Alice | SkinnySpatula says

January 22, 2020 at 10:34 am

  
Looks so much better than a takeaway! Will try this soon.

Reply

    * Jeannette says

January 22, 2020 at 11:11 am

Thanks, Alice! Enjoy!

Reply

  7. Paul says

October 02, 2020 at 3:03 am

Is there any particular variety of rice tgat works best for this recipe?

Reply

    * Jeannette says

October 02, 2020 at 7:47 pm

Hi Paul, I would suggest using Jasmine rice for this recipe 🙂

Reply

  8. William says

December 20, 2020 at 9:48 pm

Love the detailed description of how to make the dish. Not having made this
before, my concern is that the amount of rice is so small. In the description,
you talk about 2 cups of cooked rice. In the recipe itself, it says 1 cup.
Regardless, the servings are supposed to be for 6 and I just can't see 1 or 2
cups of rice, even with the additional ingredients, feeding 6 people.

Reply

    * Jeannette says

December 20, 2020 at 11:31 pm

Hi, William! Thanks for the spot! I've edited the recipe card so it now says 2
cups. You made a very valid point about the serving sizes. It certainly would
not feed 6 people if they were just eating the rice itself, but I grew up
having this dish with many other side dishes as it was a festive one. For that
reason, we usually only have a small rice bowl per person. I do understand
that that might not be the case for many, so thanks for pointing that out.
I'll make sure to keep that in mind moving forward as I write new recipes and
edit old ones 😀 If I were to just eat this dish with 2 cups of rice, I'd say
it would serve 3-4 people.

Reply

  9. Luisa says

February 01, 2021 at 10:59 pm

This looks amazing! I’m just wondering which type of fish roe is being used
that would give a better result? The smaller type (Tobiko) or the larger type
(ikura)?

Reply

    * Jeannette says

February 02, 2021 at 5:50 pm

Hi, Luisa! We normally use the smaller type almost like a garnish because we
feel it complements the rice a little more. The larger ones might take away
some of the rice texture, but it's up to personal preference I say!

Reply

### Leave A Comment Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

Notify me of new posts by email.

## Primary Sidebar

### Let's be Friends

  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Facebook
  * Twitter

### Father's Day Recipes!

## Vietnamese Chicken Curry (Cà Ri Gà)

## Miến Gà (Vietnamese Chicken Glass Noodle Soup)

## Phở (Vietnamese Beef Noodle Soup)

## Bò Kho (Vietnamese Beef Stew)

## Hokkien Pork Noodle Soup

## Oxtail Hot Pot (牛尾煲)

### Reader Favorites

## Ham Sui Gok (Fried Glutinous Rice Dumplings 咸水角)

## Braised Abalone with Mushrooms (红烧鲍菇)

## Rice Cooker Chicken and Mushroom Rice

## Sichuan Garlic Chili Oil

## Vietnamese Chicken Curry (Cà Ri Gà)

## Sườn Nướng (Vietnamese Grilled Pork Chops)

### As Featured On

### Wok & Kin

About

Contact

Privacy Policy



  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Facebook
  * Twitter

### Food Lovers

Recipe Index

Things We Love

Subscribe



Copyright (C) 2022 · Brunch Pro Theme on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log
in

