https://www.honeyandbirch.com/veggie-fried-rice/


Skip to Content

Search Magnifying Glass

Search for: Close Search ×

  * Recipes
  * Dinner | Lunch
  * Cocktails
  * Appetizers
  * Travel
  * About Me
    * Portfolio
    * Contact
    * Work With Me
    * Press

# Vegetable Fried Rice

7 Comments

Jump to Recipe

 _joy this **vegetable fried rice** when you are looking for an extra dose of
veggies. It's made healthier with brown rice and egg whites!_

_Thank you to  Phil's Fresh Eggs for sponsoring today's conversation. My love
of their cage-free eggs and all opinions are my own._

During the holidays, I attend so many holiday parties. I feel like every day
I'm eating dinners of appetizers and dip.

You know how much I love both and I definitely don't consider it a problem.
That being said, I have to really think about what I am eating for breakfast
and lunch.

Since my nights are full of bread and cheese, I like to fill my lunches with
vegetables.

This veggie fried rice is just what we are both looking for!

## Vegetable Fried Rice

I was looking for a quick lunch fix last month and ordered some Chinese food
with veggie fried rice. The rice was good but I knew I could make a better,
healthier version at home.

To make it healthier, I used brown rice and I piled on the vegetables. Also,
instead of using whole eggs, I substituted egg whites.

I always use eggs from Phil's Fresh Eggs and I used their Organic Liquid Egg
Whites (which are Certified Organic by MOSA) to make this recipe.

I love using egg whites instead of whole eggs. They're free from cholesterol,
fat and trans fat, carbohydrates, artificial colors, preservatives. They can
even be frozen and whipped for baking.

### How to make vegetable fried rice

When making this recipe, I highly suggest using a wok. You can cook in steps
by pushing the food up on the sides. If you don't have a wok, use the biggest
frying pan you have.

Before you begin, chop up all of your vegetables. You aren't going to have
time between steps to do any cutting because this recipe cooks so quickly.

Heat vegetable oil in the center of your wok and add half of your precooked
rice when the oil is smoking hot. Literally - you want the oil to be smoking.

Toast the rice and then transfer it to a bowl. Repeat with more oil and the
rest of the rice.

Time to put all of the rice back in the wok. Leave a space in the middle and
add more oil; then add your fresh veggies, onion and garlic. Stir gently.

Add some low-sodium soy sauce and sesame oil and toss to coat. Or stir - I
stir because I have a tendency to toss everything out of the wok. Season with
a little salt and pepper.

Push everything up the side of the wok and add the rest of your olive oil.
Time to cook your egg whites!

The egg whites are going to cook very, very fast so stir them quickly and
scrape up anything the sticks to the wok.

Stir everything together again once the eggs are cooked and add your frozen
peas and corn. Continue to toss (or stir) until the vegetables are thawed out.

And serve!

Continue to Content

## Vegetable Fried Rice

_Yield:_ 8 cups

_Prep Time:_ 10 minutes

_Cook Time:_ 10 minutes

_Total Time:_ 20 minutes

Enjoy this vegetable fried rice when you are looking for an extra dose of
veggies. It's made healthier with brown rice and egg whites!

Print

### Ingredients

####

  * 2 cups cooked brown rice 
  * 2 tablespoons vegetable oil 
  * 1 cup diced carrots 
  * 1 cup diced red bell pepper 
  * 1/4 cup diced white onion 
  * 1/8 cup thinly sliced green onion 
  * 2 teaspoons minced garlic 
  * 1 teaspoon low-sodium soy sauce 
  * 1 teaspoon sesame oil 
  * 4 tablespoons liquid egg whites 
  * 1 cup frozen peas 
  * 1 cup frozen corn 
  * salt and black pepper to taste 

### Instructions

  1. Heat 1/2 tablespoon of vegetable oil in a large wok or frying pan over high heat until smoking. Add half of the brown rice and cook, stirring or tossing, until the rice is toasted (about three minutes.) Transfer cooked rice to a medium bowl. Repeat with another 1/2 tablespoon of oil and the remaining rice.
  2. Return all rice to wok and press it to the sides. In the space in the middle add another 1/2 tablespoon oil and the carrots, red bell pepper, onion, green onion and garlic. Stir gently and cook until soft and fragrant. Add the soy sauce and sesame oil; toss/stir to coat.
  3. Push the rice to the side of the wok and add the remaining 1/2 tablespoon oil. Pour the liquid egg whites into the oil. Stir quickly to scramble. Stir the egg and rice together.
  4. Add the frozen peas and corn and continue to stir until peas and corn are thawed. Season to taste with salt and black pepper. Serve immediately.

### Recommended Products

As an Amazon Associate and member of other affiliate programs, I earn from
qualifying purchases.

  * T-fal A80789 Specialty Nonstick Dishwasher Safe Oven Safe PFOA-Free Jumbo Wok Cookware, 14-Inch, Black 

  * Foster (Goldage) 5-Pairs Fiberglass Dishwasher-safe Chopsticks (Japanese Minimalism - Floating Flowers) 

###### Nutrition Information:

Yield: 8 Serving Size: 1 cup  
_Amount Per Serving:_ Calories: 147Total Fat: 5gSaturated Fat: 0gTrans Fat:
0gUnsaturated Fat: 4gCholesterol: 0mgSodium: 135mgCarbohydrates: 23gFiber:
3gSugar: 3gProtein: 4g

### Did you make this recipe?

Please leave a comment on the blog or share a photo on Instagram

(C) Jenny Bullistron

**Cuisine:** Asian  / **Category:** Side Dishes

* * *

Check out my other recipes using Phil's Fresh Eggs!

  * Asparagus Mushroom Swiss Egg Bake
  * Steak and Egg Breakfast Tacos
  * Huevos Rancheros
  * Baked Scotch Eggs
  * Cream Cheese Fudge Brownies
  * Egg White Bacon Cheese Stuffed Biscuits

Try these fried rice recipes:

  * Miso Fried Rice
  * Cauliflower Fried Rice

By Author Jenny

Posted on Last updated: April 10, 2019

Categories recipe, Side Dishes

Home » recipe » Side Dishes » Vegetable Fried Rice

Tags

Tags

SponsoredVegetables

## Post navigation

Sausage Hashbrown Breakfast Casserole

Scones and the Miele CM6

Click here to cancel reply.

Δ

Abeer Rizvi

Tuesday 6th of December 2016

This looks so easy to make! I need to make this for our next Asian dinner
night.

Erin @ Texanerin Baking

Tuesday 6th of December 2016

I love your healthy take on fried rice! It looks great.

Lauren @ Hall Nesting

Monday 5th of December 2016

I love making it healthier! And that is something I definitely need after
these holidays!

Amanda | The Chunky Chef

Monday 5th of December 2016

I'm sure this fried rice is absolutely amazing... can't wait to try it!

Sabrina

Monday 5th of December 2016

We love making fried rice!! And yes, eggs are always there too, I love that
you're using egg whites!

Search for:

### Need Help?

  * About Me
  * Contact
  * Work With Me
  * Privacy Policy
  * Blog

Privacy Policy

**SEE MORE!**

All Images and content are (C) Honey and Birch. Please do not republish
without prior consent.

I am a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate
advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising
fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.

### Categories

  * Appetizer
  * Breakfast
  * Condiments
  * Dessert
  * Dinner
  * Drinks
  * Salad
  * Side Dish
  * Snacks
  * Soup

Copyright (C) 2022 The Thirsty Feast | Trellis Framework by Mediavine

Skip to Recipe

