https://wokyourworld.com/dried-scallop-egg-white-fried-rice-recipe/


Skip to content

Menu

  * Home
  * Browse Recipes by Course
    * Breakfast
    * Dim Sum
    * Appetizers
    * Soups
    * Side Dishes
    * Main Dishes
    * Desserts
  * Browse by Recipe Type
    * Beef
    * Chicken
    * Pork
    * Tofu
    * Vegetables
    * Noodles
    * Rice
    * Sauces
    * Vegetarian
  * All Recipes

Chinese Main Dishes, Chinese Recipes, Chinese Rice Recipes, Chinese Seafood
Recipes, Chinese Side Dishes

## Amazing Dried Scallop & Egg White Fried Rice

This quick and easy Dried Scallop and Egg White Fried Rice Recipe is going to
wok your world. Made up of flavourful rice, shredded scallops, and dreamy bits
of egg white, this yummy dish makes for a perfect fancy (but quick) dinner.
Read on for the full recipe!

_

*FYI - this post may contain affiliate links, which means we earn a commission at no extra cost to you if you purchase from them. Also, as an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases. Check out ourPrivacy Policy and Disclosure for more info.

_

Jump to Recipe

**Dried scallop and egg white fried rice is a luxurious Chinese banquet dish
consisting of umami-packed scallops, luscious egg whites, and a flavourful
rice studded with thin veggie medallions.**

… In other words, this ain't your standard fried rice!

And while we love having fried rice as a quick lazy meal (chicken fried rice
or Chinese sausage fried rice are our go-tos), we love busting out this
fancier version when we're feeling like a treat.

… Luckily, it's not difficult to make at all.

So, keep scrolling for our foolproof dried scallop and egg white fried rice
recipe. We're so egg-cited for you to try it.

## Ingredients for Our Dried Scallop & Egg White Fried Rice Recipe

  * 60g Gai Lan (or Asparagus) stem, thinly sliced
  * 3 egg whites
  * 1/4 tsp cornstarch, mixed with 1/2 tsp water
  * 3 cups water
  * 4 pieces of (medium sized) dry scallop
  * 500g warm rice
  * 1/2 egg yolk
  * 1.5 tbsp oil
  * 1/2 tsp salt
  * 1/2 tsp sugar
  * 1/2 tsp chicken powder
  * 1 pinch white pepper
  * 1 tsp thinly sliced green onion

## Step by Step Instructions for Our Dried Scallop & Egg White Fried Rice
Recipe

_This tasty rice dish is easy to whip together for a satisfying dinner. Here
are the step by step instructions!_

To prepare your dried scallops, put 4 dried scallops in a bowl and add enough
water to cover them completely. Microwave for 2 minutes.

Drain the scallops and let them cool for 5 minutes before shredding them by
hand. Set the shredded scallops aside.

Time to blanch your veggies! Boil your water, throw in your sliced Gai Lan (or
Asparagus) and boil for 40 seconds. Put it in some cold water and set aside.

Mix your egg whites with your 1/4 tsp cornstarch and 1/2 tsp water mix.

Heat 3 cups of water until just about to boil, then turn off your heat.
Immediately pour your egg white mixture in. Wait for five seconds, then slowly
stir for 20 seconds, until you see the egg white solidifying. Drain your egg
whites and set aside.

Mix your 1/2 egg yolk with your rice.

Heat your pan/wok. Add 1.5 tbsp oil and add your rice. Stir fry for about 10
seconds, making sure to break up any clumps.

Throw in your shredded scallops, along with your 1/2 tsp salt, 1/2 tsp sugar,
1/2 tsp chicken powder, and a pinch of white pepper. Stir fry for about 40
seconds.

Add your Gai Lan or Asparagus into your rice mix along with your green onion
and stir fry for another 40 seconds.

Finally, add in your egg whites.

Give everything a good toss, then serve.

Continue to Content

## Dried Scallop & Egg White Fried Rice

Print

### Ingredients

  * 60g Gai Lan (or Asparagus) stem, thinly sliced 
  * 3 egg whites 
  * 1/4 tsp cornstarch, mixed with 1/2 tsp water 
  * 3 cups water 
  * 4 pieces of (medium sized) dry scallop 
  * 500g warm rice 
  * 1/2 egg yolk 
  * 1.5 tbsp oil 
  * 1/2 tsp salt 
  * 1/2 tsp sugar 
  * 1/2 tsp chicken powder 
  * 1 pinch white pepper 
  * 1 tsp thinly sliced green onion 

### Instructions

  1. To prepare your dried scallops, put 4 dried scallops in a bowl and add enough water to cover them completely. Microwave for 2 minutes. 
  2. Drain the scallops and let them cool for 5 minutes before shredding them by hand. Set the shredded scallops aside. 
  3. Time to blanch your veggies! Boil your water, throw in your sliced Gai Lan (or Asparagus) and boil for 40 seconds. Put it in some cold water and set aside.
  4. Mix your egg whites with your 1/4 tsp cornstarch and 1/2 tsp water mix.
  5. Heat 3 cups of water until just about to boil, then turn off your heat. Immediately pour your egg white mixture in. Wait for five seconds, then slowly stir for 20 seconds, until you see the egg white solidifying. Drain your egg whites and set aside.
  6. Mix your 1/2 egg yolk with your rice.
  7. Heat your pan/wok. Add 1.5 tbsp oil and add your rice. Stir fry for about 10 seconds, making sure to break up any clumps. 
  8. Throw in your shredded scallops, along with your 1/2 tsp salt, 1/2 tsp sugar, 1/2 tsp chicken powder, and a pinch of white pepper. Stir fry for about 40 seconds.
  9. Add your Gai Lan or Asparagus into your rice mix along with your green onion and stir fry for another 40 seconds, then serve.

(C) Wok Your World

## We Hope You Enjoy Our Dried Scallop & Egg White Fried Rice Recipe!

Let us know in the comments if you have any questions, or be sure to let us
know if you’ve tested the recipe out. We’re always looking to improve our
recipes and make sure they taste great for everyone.

### 1 thought on "Amazing Dried Scallop & Egg White Fried Rice"

  1. yesbet88

June 21, 2022 at 12:50 pm

Beast

Reply

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Comment

Name Email Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Search for:

**Hi, welcome to Wok Your World!**

This Chinese food blog was created by Papa G, a Chinese-Canadian chef with 40+
years of culinary experience, alongside his tech-savvy daughter (Baby G) who
diligently types and taste tests every recipe. Our goal is to make Chinese
recipes simple and fun!

## Recent Posts

  * 20+ Broccoli Puns & Jokes for Instagram Captions That Will Broc Your World
  * 20+ Tofu Puns & Jokes for Instagram Captions That Are Just Soy Good
  * 100+ Chinese Food Puns & Jokes That Are Unbelieva-Bao
  * The Best Chinese Appetizers You Need to Try ASAP
  * 25+ Steak & Beef Puns and Wordplay for Instagram Captions

## Categories

  * Chinese Appetizers
  * Chinese Beef Recipes
  * Chinese Breakfast
  * Chinese Chicken Recipes
  * Chinese Cooking Techniques
  * Chinese Desserts
  * Chinese Dim Sum
  * Chinese Food Puns
  * Chinese Main Dishes
  * Chinese Noodle Recipes
  * Chinese Pork Recipes
  * Chinese Recipes
  * Chinese Rice Recipes
  * Chinese Sauces
  * Chinese Seafood Recipes
  * Chinese Side Dishes
  * Chinese Soups
  * Chinese Tofu Recipes
  * Chinese Vegetable Recipes
  * Microwave Chinese Recipes
  * Vegan Chinese Recipes
  * Vegetarian Chinese Recipes

  * Privacy Policy

As an Amazon affiliate, I earn from qualifying purchases

Skip to Recipe

We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.
If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with
it.OkPrivacy policy

