https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/79543/fried-rice-restaurant-style/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Main Dishes
  4. Rice
  5. Fried Rice Recipes
  6. Easy Fried Rice

# Easy Fried Rice

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.4

1598 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 911 
  * 4 star values: 511 
  * 3 star values: 123 
  * 2 star values: 31 
  * 1 star values: 22 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 1,598 Ratings 
  * 1,168 Reviews 
  * 264 Photos 

A quick fried rice recipe like you get at your favorite Chinese restaurant.
Leftover rice, plus a couple of eggs, baby carrots, peas, and soy sauce is all
you need. Garnish with sliced green onions, if desired.

Recipe by jostrander

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Read the full recipe after the video.

Add Photo

Easy Fried Rice Karen Stinson

Easy Fried Rice Eat

Easy Fried Rice Patricia Marie

Easy Fried Rice builderdex

\+ 260 260 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

5 mins

cook:

15 mins

total:

20 mins

Servings:

8

Yield:

8 servings

Nutrition Info

an overhead view of a large plate of easy fried rice

Advertisement

Skip to Recipe

Fried rice is the ultimate family-friendly dish that yields maximum flavor
without fuss. Loaded with tender sauteed veggies and delicious bits of
scrambled egg, this top-rated recipe makes it easy to recreate a takeout
favorite from home in just 20 minutes.

Over a thousand home cooks agree -- this simple, savory recipe is a winner.
But what if you don't have a wok on hand? Learn the best methods for making
fried rice at home, from a griddle to Instant Pot preparation.  

##  What Is Fried Rice?

Fried rice is a traditional Chinese preparation of cooked rice, vegetables,
protein, soy sauce, and aromatics. The ingredients are stir-fried in a large
pan or wok for even flavor distribution. An ideal use for leftovers, fried
rice is quick, customizable, and incredibly simple to put together with
whatever is in your fridge.

##  How to Make Fried Rice

Making fried rice is a breeze with the recipe you'll find below. The process
is simple -- preheat your pan before swirling in oil and aromatics, then add
uncooked proteins if applicable. Add in rice and vegetables, vigorously
tossing ingredients for that toasty, golden-brown color that signals big
flavor.

##  Best Methods for Cooking Fried Rice

**Wok**

This ancient cooking vessel is the most commonly used (and convenient) method
for cooking fried rice. The large, high-walled pan allows for rice and other
components to be tossed and combined with seasonings at high heat. Preheat
your wok until a bead of water evaporates after contact, then add oil and coat
the surface by swirling.

**Standard Pan**

A basic frying pan or skillet can also produce tasty fried rice in a pinch.
Approach this method the same way you would a wok -- high heat is key. Use the
largest pan at your disposal to prevent food from flying out of the pan during
the stir-fry process.

**Griddle**

Using a griddle to make fried rice is an ingenious way to cook different
elements all at the same time. Start by sauteing the vegetables and aromatics,
then add cooked rice and eggs to another part of the griddle's surface for a
quick and satisfying meal.

**Instant Pot**

Day-old rice is transformed into a deeply savory delight in a pressure cooker.
Use the Instant Pot's saute mode to get the garlic to a golden-brown color,
then stir in rice, veggies, and eggs. Mix well and serve piping hot.

##  Variations of Fried Rice

One of the best things about this top-rated dish is how easy it is to
customize. Whatever you have on hand goes -- chicken, shrimp, salmon, and
kimchi all make mouthwatering additions to fried rice. Play and create one-of-
a-kind fried rice dishes whether you're a vegetarian or meat lover.

##  Allrecipes Community Tips and Praise

"Great way to use up a bunch of leftover white rice from our Chinese take-out
order," shares home cook heidird. "I just added shredded carrots and the
frozen peas to the rice mixture. Scrambled up the eggs first, then added a bit
of oil and rice and fried it for several minutes."

"Easy and simple recipe!" raves Erika."I wish I had taken a picture of how my
fried rice turned out but my husband and I ate it all!"

"Fried rice is so easy and versatile -- you can add or delete ingredients as
needed to suit your taste," says Steve.

Editorial contributions by **Rai Mincey**

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

8

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 8 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * ⅔ cup chopped baby carrots 
  * ½ cup frozen green peas 
  * 2 tablespoons vegetable oil 
  * 1 clove garlic, minced, or to taste (Optional)
  * 2 large eggs 
  * 3 cups leftover cooked white rice 
  * 1 tablespoon soy sauce, or more to taste 
  * 2 teaspoons sesame oil, or to taste 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Place carrots in a small saucepan and cover with water. Bring to a low boil
and cook for 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in peas, then immediately drain in a
colander.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Heat a wok over high heat. Pour in vegetable oil, then stir in carrots, peas,
and garlic; cook for about 30 seconds. Add eggs; stir quickly to scramble eggs
with vegetables.

  * Step 3

Stir in cooked rice. Add soy sauce and toss rice to coat. Drizzle with sesame
oil and toss again.

I Made It  Print

##  Cook's Notes:

If you don't have any leftover cooked rice, here's how to make it: Combine 4
cups water and 2 cups white rice in a saucepan; bring to a boil. Reduce heat,
cover, and simmer until rice is tender and water has been absorbed, 20 to 25
minutes. Remove from the heat and let cool to room temperature. For the best
fried rice results, cover and refrigerate the rice, 8 hours to overnight,
before using in this recipe.

##  Editor's Notes:

Read our picks for the best nonstick cookware to make cooking your favorite
recipes that much easier.

Some reviewers have added minced garlic for more flavor while stir-frying the
carrots and peas in Step 2.

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

152 calories; protein 3.9g; carbohydrates 19.2g; fat 6.6g; cholesterol 46.5mg;
sodium 150.1mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (1168)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Tonia Dillard Rhodes

Rating: 5 stars

01/17/2006

really easy and yummy! IMPORTANT NOTE: if you want it to taste like true
restaurant style, you need to put the rice only in a pot over high heat and
stir it around for about 5 minutes or so before cooking. it helps the grains
of rice to stay separate (more like restaurant style) and less sticky. i also
used frozen peas/carrots from a bag..worked great!

Read More

Helpful (2031)

### Most helpful critical review

naples34102

Rating: 3 stars

01/02/2013

I like the ingredients, and the finished dish is fine with some cooking method
changes. Start with your rice cooked and COLD. Not necessary to cook the peas
at all. Don't scramble the eggs with the vegetables -cook them separately in a
small saute pan like a crepe. Once cooled, roll the thin egg pancake up like a
cigar, then cut it into shreds, chiffonade-style. I also added some chopped
green onion and small, cooked shrimp. Small but important preparation changes
result in a better, 4-star outcome.

Read More

Helpful (602)

1598 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 911 
  * 4 star values: 511 
  * 3 star values: 123 
  * 2 star values: 31 
  * 1 star values: 22 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Tonia Dillard Rhodes

Rating: 5 stars

01/17/2006

really easy and yummy! IMPORTANT NOTE: if you want it to taste like true
restaurant style, you need to put the rice only in a pot over high heat and
stir it around for about 5 minutes or so before cooking. it helps the grains
of rice to stay separate (more like restaurant style) and less sticky. i also
used frozen peas/carrots from a bag..worked great!

naples34102

Rating: 3 stars

01/02/2013

I like the ingredients, and the finished dish is fine with some cooking method
changes. Start with your rice cooked and COLD. Not necessary to cook the peas
at all. Don't scramble the eggs with the vegetables -cook them separately in a
small saute pan like a crepe. Once cooled, roll the thin egg pancake up like a
cigar, then cut it into shreds, chiffonade-style. I also added some chopped
green onion and small, cooked shrimp. Small but important preparation changes
result in a better, 4-star outcome.

CharlesfromNH

Rating: 4 stars

12/22/2007

I truly liked this recipe, but I found that it is 100% necessary to prepare
the rice a day ahead of time. That extra day is everything to this recipe, in
my opinion.

Lorrie

Rating: 5 stars

12/03/2007

My first attempt ever at fried rice and it was really good. I took the advice
of others and used frozen pea's and carrots, I heated the wok and used olive
oil sauteed 1/2 onion then added veggies then rice, to be exact I used 1/3 c.
soy sauce, and it was plenty for our taste. My husband really liked it and ate
nearly half of what I made. Thanks for a great recipe, will make again.

Leslie Noall

Rating: 5 stars

02/18/2006

I have learned that I must double or even triple this recipe because everyone
who tries it...can't get enough of it! It is better than any restaurant I've
ever been to! The only change I have made is to boil the rice in Chicken or
Beef broth, it really brings out the flavor! I only use frozen mixed veggies
too. Last night I even added a can of Tiny Shrimp. Absolutely Delicious! This
is an amazing recipes! Thanx Jostrander!

Toasty Mama

Rating: 3 stars

02/28/2009

I was in a hurry the first time I made this, so I didn't check the reviews
like I usually do before I try something new. I have to admit when following
the instructions as written, I really wasn't impressed. Frying the rice after
cooking it made it very glutanous and the soy to taste left me feeling like I
was guessing. Today I went back read the reviews and tried again and this time
I loved it. 1.) Mixed 1/3 c. lite soy, several drops of sesame oil (or oyster
sauce), and 3 2/3c. chicken broth in a large measuring cup and set aside. 2.)
Rinsed the rice in a colander under cold running water for two minutes to wash
off some of the gluten. 3.) Heat 1/4c. canola oil in a heavy bottomed pan over
med. high heat and add rinsed rice. Stir constantly until golden. 4.) Add the
soy/broth mixture, cover, reduce heat to low and simmer for 20 minutes. 5.) In
a separate pan, fry the eggs, heat the peas and carrots and any other add ins.
Set aside. 6.) Add the egg mixture to the rice when the rice is done. For us,
frying the rice before adding the liquids really does make all the difference.

Nicolette

Rating: 4 stars

05/18/2006

This is my default fried rice recipe as I like the carrot/pea combo, but any
meat/veggie can be added to make it a meal in itself. Usually I use leftover
rice, shred the carrots and leave the peas frozen as they thaw rather quickly.
For the eggs, I don't scramble them; instead I mix the eggs with a bit of
water/pepper/soy then leave them to cook flat in the pan. When cooked through,
I roll the circle o' egg up and cut chiffonade-style, adding the shreds to the
pan after seasoning the rice and veggies with soy sauce. Any way it's made,
it's all good... thanks!

Daniel

Rating: 5 stars

12/03/2007

This rice recipe is indeed 'restaurant' style. The sesame oil should be made
mandatory rather than being optional. It really gives the impression that
you're tasting Chinese fried rice. I will definitely do this recipe again. I
may just include chopped mushrooms the next time I'll prepare this dish.

lovebeingamom

Rating: 4 stars

06/02/2006

My family loves this recipe, the only thing I do differently is to cook the
rice a day ahead and put it in the fridge until ready to use. This makes the
rice less sticky and more "restaurant style"!

Cher

Rating: 5 stars

01/25/2014

I made some minor changes based on the reviews and it turned out fabulous! I
made the rice ahead of time and allowed it to chill in the refrigerator. I
used frozen mixed vegetables. I did not boil these but simply rinsed under
cold water, drained and then stir fried them with about 3 cloves of minced
garlic and about a teaspoon of minced ginger before adding in the rice. I beat
the eggs slightly and then in a separate fry pan cooked them without
scrambling. When finished I put them on a cutting board and sliced into
strips. I really hate recipes that say add to taste. What the heck does that
mean anyway? So I added about 1/3 cup of soy sauce, 2 teaspoons of sesame oil
and 2 teaspoons of oyster sauce. My hubby went back for seconds raving about
how good this was and then ate the leftovers for lunch the next day raving
again about how terrific this fried rice was. This is now on my regular
rotation for Meatless Mondays and side dishes. Thanks for posting a really
great recipe.

DEBBIE199US

Rating: 5 stars

05/08/2006

I read other reviews & was hesitant to make this. I did make some
modifications. I cooked some fresh chopped shrimp & garlic in the oil before
adding the peas & carrots. I also cooked my rice (brown rice) with some beef
boullion as someone else had suggested. This was great! I will make this
often.

SHERRISMITH67

Rating: 5 stars

04/15/2010

the KEY to fried rice is using leftover, COLD, cooked rice. This is the only
way....

Erica Cooper Sturgeon

Rating: 4 stars

04/10/2008

My son loved this rice but I made a few changes as well. I added some leftover
rotisserie chicken (so it could be a complete meal), a small can of mixed peas
& carrots, onion, and a dash of red pepper and 1 1/2 tbsps of soy sauce. *Now
here's the fun part....before serving it to my 6 year old son, I put his
portion in a large funnel, then flipped it out onto his plate to make a
"volcano". You can use shreaded carrots, duck sauce, or a bit of tomato sauce
to put near the top of the cone to appear as lava!!! This is one of his
absolute favorites!!!

Betty

Rating: 2 stars

04/16/2010

I rate this recipe 2 out of 5 stars, for the following reason: This recipe
calls for too much water to cook the rice. For traditional fried rice, you
need to use equal amounts of water and rice - for 2 cups, you should also add
1 tsp of sea salt to the water. By having a "drier" rice, it will absorb even
more of the oil and flavorings and have the texture of true fried rice from a
restaurant. Also, where are the bean sprouts?! The addition of sprouts adds a
very pleasant crunch and additional texture. Please share this with your
readers. Bon appetit!

Exclavieor

Rating: 4 stars

02/27/2012

Two problems with this recipe: Water needs to be reduced to 3 cups. Using a
ratio of 1-1/2 water to 1 rice will help keep the rice grains separate.
Secondly, rinse the excess starch off of the rice. Put the rice in your pot,
fill with cold water and stir. Drain the rice. Repeat at least once. The
excess starch acts like glue when cooked making the rice clump up more.

gilfaethwy

Rating: 5 stars

08/27/2011

A good basic recipe on which to build. I do think one should also add onion
and/or scallion, always. I like using dark soy sauce when available. I also
add ground ginger, a bit of minced garlic, ground white pepper, and a soupcon
of oyster sauce, and when available, a bit of fermented black bean paste. I
like using basmati rice, prepared the day before, and allowed to cool
overnight in the refrigerator. In preparing the basmati, brown the uncooked
rice very lightly in oil before adding the water to prepare it. As to the oil
used, peanut is the most authentic, though canola or (for health-conscious
folks) grapeseed oil (available in the Kosher foods section at WalMart, for
example). Other oils-- including corn and even soybean, as well as olive-- are
too strongly (or inauthentically) flavored. The sesame oil should be the dark
variety, not the light, and go easily with it since it is very strongly
flavored-- too much will be overwhelming to the more delicate flavors. If one
likes the dish hotter than the white pepper will make it (and white pepper has
less bite but more heat than black), one can add Szechuan pepper, if
available. Or one can add hot capsicum-derived pepper. To do it right one
really needs a gas stove, where one can get the temperature of the wok locally
VERY high... in restaurants I have observed the chefs actually letting the oil
flame a little, though I do not advise this at home! But the high heat,
apparently, is of the essence. Bon appetit!

Crystal Elmore

Rating: 4 stars

01/14/2010

A really good base recipe! I would note that it's best to use leftover rice,
or rice that has been given enough time to get COLD in the fridge to firm up -
makes it come out less sticky and gooey. I would also add that Sesame Oil is a
MUST, as is Oyster Sauce (enough to coat). I will use frozen peas and carrots
again, but instead of boiling them, I'll just run them under cold water to
allow them to thaw. Everything seemed too mushy to me. And ginger and garlic
are a must, as well! A great way to keep it simple, I just wanted to kick it
up a notch. Thanks for sharing! :)

Sue Ann Eggermont

Rating: 5 stars

04/03/2010

Very simple and very good only think I changed was the veggies I added didn't
have all of them on hand.

gildawen

Rating: 4 stars

06/17/2013

I've been making fried rice like this for years. The only thing different you
need to do is either fry the uncooked rice in a little oil before adding water
and bringing to a boil or use day old rice. By toasting the rice, you keep it
separated more so it isn't as sticky. I typically use shredded cabbage and
wedges of onion in my veggies that I add too. Sometimes I add spinach or sweet
peppers. You really can add anything but carrots and peas are the standard for
most restaurants. I also sometimes cook my rice in broth so it is more
flavorful.

kelcampbell

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

05/09/2013

I made this for dinner tonight and we all loved it! I added oil to a pan,
added diced onion and 2 cloves of garlic. When fragrant, I scrambled two eggs
and then added 1 cup of mixed veggies. When the veggies were heated through, I
added the rice and cooked until warm. I added a couple of Tbsp of oyster sauce
and the same of soy sauce, finishing with drizzle of sesame oil. The end
result was absolutely delicious - better than any Chinese take-out I've had!

jenny

Rating: 5 stars

12/01/2013

So I tried this recipe at the last minute and kept my fingers crossed. I
didn't have any enriched rice and brown rice would've taken too long, so I
went w/ good ol' minute rice. Cooked the rice in chicken broth as recommended.
Used a cup of frozen peas and carrots. Also added pre-cooked non-breaded cut
up chicken tenders. It was a huge hit! I was asked to make more tomorrow night
and to make double so there would be leftovers. My boys did rock paper
scissors to see who would get the bit that I left in the pan. One of my best
throw-together dinners ever!

COTEGARY

Rating: 3 stars

12/18/2010

This recipe as written isn't bad, just lacking some key things. You need to
use day-old rice for fried rice otherwise it goes to mush quickly. I usually
mix my soy sauce, sesame oil and rice wine (a must) before adding to the rice.
I add the eggs at the end after making a"well" in the rice. I just crack them
in, season them with a little salt and pepper and break them into strips after
they *almost* cook through. A pinch of sugar and thinly sliced green onions
mixed into the finished rice truly completes it. It sounds strange but a pinch
of sugar rounds out the flavour... try it, you'll like it.

Kathleen Breeden Holmes

Rating: 5 stars

07/05/2010

I've made this dish many, many times with great sucess. I do recommend that
(1)the seseme oil be used -don't skip this step and (2) use cold rice!

Jules

Rating: 4 stars

08/14/2010

Yummy and simple, however, fried rice is best made with cold day old rice so
that it doesn't clump together. Sometimes I add leftover cooked chicken or
chinese sausage. Thanks!

MRLD

Rating: 5 stars

01/10/2010

A great recipe!! Used a lot of different tips from other users, including
onion and garlic, frozen carrots and peas and definitely adding oyster sauce.
I've already made it a few times. Last night I tried it with brown
rice...still great.

assilya

Rating: 4 stars

04/29/2014

I love fried rice! One of the most important things for me is to make rice not
sticky, falling apart. So here's my trick: just fry dry rice on a dry pan
before cooking! Heat a pan over medium, pour dry rice on it, stir until you
hear popping sound. Let it cool down before the actual cooking! That's it!
Your rice will be still delicious but separate as a true restaurant style dish
:)

Sara

Rating: 4 stars

11/18/2011

This is a very good base recipe. Like others, I also used an 8 oz. bag of
frozen mixed veggies (that I had thawed). And I took Tamisa's suggestion and
added Oyster Sauce (4 tbsp.) I added on an additional egg, and used 2 tbsp. of
the soy sauce and 1 tbsp. of the sesame oil. Perfecto!

Hapygrl

Rating: 5 stars

07/20/2014

My first time trying this! I read all the reviews and used cold cooked rice,
added chopped garlic and green onion with a bag of frozen peas & carrots to
the hot oil in the wok. Added the rice and drizzled the soy sauce over as I
stirred.Made a well and scrambled the eggs in the middle of the wok. I added
some cooked chopped rotisserie chicken and a small amount 1/2 C of chicken
broth to keep it from getting too dry. It was great and even better the next
day warmed up! I'm going to try with shrimp next.I also added 1/4 C oyster
sauce as one reviewer mentioned. Additional note: As I have made this many
more times, I have found that adding chopped red pepper, onion and mushrooms
to the saute step is fabulous! This is better than my local Asian restaurant!

vetteface

Rating: 5 stars

02/03/2014

As others have said, the sesame oil is the key, along with making the rice
beforehand and letting it cool in the fridge for several hours. I added
chopped green peppers, a whole one pound bag of frozen peas & carrots, and a
pound of shrimp to make it a meal. This is the best fried rice I've ever had,
at home or in a restaurant!

Jello Girl

Rating: 5 stars

11/04/2011

Use butter instead of oil and it will make it so much yummier! Also, use
frozen pea and carrot blend- put in collander and run under hot water to thaw.
Add 1 tablespoon water to eggs and beat before adding to pan.

ken

Rating: 5 stars

04/27/2011

OH MY GOODNESS!!!!! This is the best recipe ever! My husband and I love fried
rice and often spend great deals of money at the restaurant. I don't think we
will ever buy fried rice from the a restaurant again! Even my youngest son,
the pickest of eaters, said it was better than the restaurant! So this one is
definitely a keeper! I cooked this with a recipe for baked teriyaki chicken.
The only thing I changed was the rice. I used 2-7oz. instant bags which took
10 min off cook time. I used sesame oil instead of veg. oil per other
reviewer. Although I was a little skeptical, I also added oyster sauce as
noted by a prev reviewer! We had it for dinner two nights in a row! Nobody
complained! It's the best!

survivalmomcooks

Rating: 5 stars

06/26/2014

I've made this recipe before using pretty much the same ingredients but added
mushrooms to the mix, homemade sesame oil (just put about 1/4 cup of sesame
seeds in a frying pan with about 1/2 cup of vegetable oil & heat up until
fragrant) and I substituted brown rice for white rice and add pepper & ground
ginger. Superb!!!!!

Shannon

Rating: 4 stars

09/13/2011

Yum yum, this was pretty good! Only change I made was to use rice I had made a
day in advance. Whenever I have rice leftover from dinner I usually fry it up
the next day for lunch. Chilled rice tends to come out less mushy when you fry
it, as opposed to freshly cooked rice. Also, I used a tad too much soy sauce-
My mistake! Remember a little goes a long way!

Eryn Hunter

Rating: 5 stars

03/24/2014

Just as good as restaurant-made fried rice. My friends raved about it!

Kristi Cooke

Rating: 5 stars

06/21/2014

Made it exactly as stated in recipe and it turned out wonderful. It's easy to
make and loved by everyone who tries it. Thanks for sharing this wonderful
recipe!!

duboo

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

11/17/2013

This was an excellent, easy to make dish, that worked perfect for our Hoisin
Chicken. I didn't change a thing, and I will follow as written next time as
well.

Christopher Ball

Rating: 5 stars

08/31/2014

Excellent, basic fried rice recipe. It accomplishes exactly what you need if
you are just looking for a simple, fried rice side dish.

hobbehorse

Rating: 5 stars

03/14/2014

I made a triple batch of this for a large crowd and they ate every last bite!
I added diced pork to stretch it. It was wonderful! Thank you for a great
recipe. :)

Andrea Musel Kadavy

Rating: 5 stars

09/10/2007

This was the easiest meal I have made in a long time. It was so tasty and it
appealed to my fried rice craving. I chopped up some sliced turkey, added the
onion and garlic as others had suggested, and found that I added a lot more
soy sauce than just a "shake". I also added salt and pepper to taste. I
doubled the recipe so I had leftovers for a long time, this recipe is good
leftover. I made my rice in my rice cooker and let it cool before making this
recipe. I also just used a frozen vegetable medley which included peas,
carrots, corn and green beans, worked great! I used my large electric skillet
and it worked great. If I didn't stir it all the time, the rice and
ingredients would brown a little bit, which you also find in the restaurant
fried rice. The more browning, the better, I say! This is an excellent basic
recipe, easy to make, easy to modify to your taste, an awesome recipe to keep
as a basic reference in your recipe file.

E. Guy

Rating: 4 stars

07/09/2010

Good recipe. I like the idea of adding garlic, ginger and I would also add
sliced green onions. You may want to consider adding oyster sauce at the end
of the cooking process rather than soy sauce. This will give it a dryer
consistency. Also, the day old rice recommended by another reviewer is an
excellent idea.

Tammie

Rating: 5 stars

02/01/2014

Best fried rice I've ever eaten; you make me look like a pro! Sesame oil
definitely makes the recipe. We like a lot of egg so I added more.

Ghenghis

Rating: 2 stars

02/07/2012

The rice has to be made a day in advance and stored in the fridge. No soy
sauce, you're not steaming the rice, you're frying it. Basically, there's
nothing about this recipe I like. Sorry.

VictoriaSe49896

Rating: 1 stars

01/14/2011

I made this rice tonight with dinner and found it bland. Sorry but this dish
just needs more oomph.

Tanya Belt

Rating: 4 stars

09/12/2010

made with a bag of steam fresh rice this is super quick and simple. I made
mine by heating a tbsp oil in a small skillet; added a bit of diced onion,
celery, frozen peas and carrots and 2 eggs. Stirred a little soy sauce with
the veggie and egg mixture and added a few sesame seeds when stirred into the
rice. very tasty lunch!

Sharon

Rating: 4 stars

12/05/2013

As a general rule, the rice should be LEFTOVER, not freshly cooked. (20 yrs
experience in Jpn) Onions are good, too. I was told the secret to fried rice
is to saute it double what you think is good enuf!

Karen McCleane Mullin

Rating: 5 stars

12/07/2011

Very good, used brown rice instead of white and olive oil in place of
vegetable oil, sauteed a little chopped onions added the rest of the
ingredients and left out the sesame oil.

Tea Berries

Rating: 3 stars

10/21/2011

I gave this 3 stars cuz they didn't say how to do the egg properly! that's one
of the most important parts in my opinion... you have to take your eggs (2 or
3), whisk them WELL with about a table spoon of water. then put them in a
greased nonstick fryingpan and let them rise. The water makes the egg get
poofy like in restaurant fried rice. You can add some spice to the egg too,
but make it light or it'll weigh down your eggs. After the egg is cooked as a
poofy egg disc, cut it up in squares and add it to your rice at the end :))

House of Aqua

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

09/04/2008

This is the second time I have made this. I never add eggs because I don't
like that part, but I do sprinkle ginger powder as per someone elses advice on
here and I added onions, bamboo shoots, water chesnuts, steamed broccoli, peas
and carrots. I use a few tablespoons of sesame oil and about 3/4 bottle of
Kikkoman soy sauce. (5 ounce bottle) I steam my jasmine rice a day
prior....almost a must.

peachybean

Rating: 5 stars

03/21/2011

Used leftover white rice from the fridge and a frozen pea/carrot mix for the
veggies. This was a hit at our house. i think it's important to scramble the
eggs with the other ingredients in order to get a "restaurant-style" result.

Mizpat

Rating: 5 stars

04/06/2014

Excellent recipe.

adrenaline777

Rating: 1 stars

01/12/2011

Sorry - I don't get it. I added green onion, regular onion, sesame oil,
garlic, mushrooms - and it still was bland - did NOT taste restaurant style at
all. I won't make this one again - there has to be some other ingredient that
gives it that flavor....

Ms. gayle

Rating: 5 stars

06/27/2008

I love oriental foods, but the salt and MSG from carryout are both something I
stay away from. This is a great recipe. You cannot tell the difference. I like
it as I can do what I want with what I have at the time. A cup of frozen mixed
vegetables and thin sliced beef, chicken or shrimp added make it a healthy one
dish dinner that takes no time to make and takes no time to eat it all...so
double the recipe and perhaps you will have some leftover!

Maria

Rating: 5 stars

09/26/2011

I made this for dinner the other night and it was a big hit. We like Japanese
Steak Houses but don't go very often so I decided to make it at home. This
rice was very similar to our local Japanese Steak House. I served grilled
vegetable, steak, chicken and shrimp and made my own version of Yum Yum sauce.
The kids had fun, the food was good and we saved $$$.

shimmi

Rating: 5 stars

04/16/2010

Very nice! In the oil, before adding the vegetables, just throw in a pressed
garlic seed, let it sizzle a little then add the veges!

HeyJude

Rating: 5 stars

12/06/2013

This was also my first attempt making fried rice and boy am I ever glad I
stumbled onto this recipe. It was sooooo good! I just used what I had -
onions, sugar snap (frozen) peas, and canned mushrooms. I thought this was
BETTER than a restaurant's! The oyster sauce and sesame seed oil make all the
difference. I'm going to double this next time for leftovers. - Jude

Jade W

Rating: 5 stars

04/08/2013

Very easy, added cooked chicken and it was a meal on its own! YUM

CookinArgentina

Rating: 5 stars

07/26/2014

I use leftover rice, add some sliced beef, and green onions. I also toss
toasted sesame seeds on. Yummy

Luann Grover

Rating: 5 stars

04/07/2009

This is a nice, basic fried rice recipe. I followed the recipe exactly as it
is written. The rice was a little mushy so next time I will cook the rice the
day before to improve the finished product's texture. Soy sauce and sesame oil
are excellent starter flavors for fried rice but adding one tablespoon of
minced garlic and 2 tablespoons of oyster sauce makes this a more flavorful
recipe for my family's taste buds. Thanks for sharing this recipe with our
community! :)

cookingrrl

Rating: 4 stars

11/14/2013

Easy to make. Tasty. Substituted coconut oil and still turned out good. Also
used frozen carrots and frozen peas. Didn't use the sesame oil because I
didn't have it available.

Melissa

Rating: 5 stars

02/07/2012

This is awesome! The sesame oil makes the dish, be sure not to leave out. We
put chicken in ours and make it a one dish meal. My husband requests every
single week

sandyhosler

Rating: 5 stars

06/08/2014

This was delicious!! I used jasmine rice and a gluten free soy sauce. I also
added scallions. I sautéed them with the carrots and peas. TheToasted sesame
oil is a must! It gives it the extra flavor it needs. I would add one more egg
next time. Personally as good or better than restaurant style.

Gladys Cruz

Rating: 4 stars

03/04/2014

It was good. Nothing out of the ordinary. But a perfect way to accompany
something else.

veggiegrrl

Rating: 5 stars

05/28/2014

Delicious. This is really versatile--I used asparagus, snow peas and ginger in
mine along with 4 eggs fried omelet style in a separate pan. Can't go wrong
with this recipe!

LordBob

Rating: 5 stars

01/05/2014

I love this Recipe, like a few others I made some modifications, about 1/3 cup
of oyster sauce, I also use frozen peas and carrots, and I like to stir fry
some chicken breast as well and make it a whole meal.

cas56

Rating: 5 stars

12/12/2012

Great base recipe. Started with 2 T. canola oil and 2 T. sesame oil, 1 clove
garlic..heated up, added 1/3 c. chopped pepper, then about the same chopped
cabbage, then added in chopped chicken about 1/2 cup, 5 diced mushrooms, 3
green onions sliced thin and 1 shredded carrot and 3/4 c. frozen peas .. when
most of that was cooked, a few minutes with stirring, dumped in 1 and 1/2 cups
rice cooked to whatever amount it makes and at the same time stirred in
previously whipped 2 eggs, 2 T. soya sauce and 2 T. oyster sauce combination.
The eggs were not even noticeable when cooked. Hubby went back for seconds,
and he's not the biggest eater. I forgot to use the chicken broth when cooking
the rice, and that would be great too I'm sure. We both ended up adding more
soya sauce to the cooked product, but we like salty. I used one reviewer's
advice and cooked the rice on high for 5 minutes uncovered, then shut off heat
and covered for 15 min, then cooled rice in freezer... worked great. As with
any wok recipe, have ingredients pre-chopped and grouped according to
hardness, adding the crisp ingredients first. Add whatever vegetables/meat
additions you like, just group accordingly to hardest to cook first.

Emily Swan-Bradley

Rating: 5 stars

07/26/2014

It did not call for Onions so I added some. It was truly easy to make and was
really good. I would add shrimp or Pork to it. Yummy!

Clarissa

Rating: 4 stars

03/18/2010

I have made several times, using brown rice. I chop the carrots in the food
processor and leave out the peas. I have substituted chopped celery in the
place of peas and this is good as well. I have found it is better to have a
large pan so you can scramble the eggs away from the vegetables, so you
actually get pieces of egg rather than egg-coated carrots.

Eleventwenty

Rating: 5 stars

05/09/2013

I loved it. Remember to prepare rice ahead of time and refrigerate it for a
few hours : a very wise way to avoid rice becoming to soft due to wok heat. I
added a few pieces of chicken Thai style. I definitely recommend this recipe.

2724gordito

Rating: 5 stars

07/22/2013

This was so easy to make I added pieces of ham and the family said that it
tasted just like take out. Thank you for such great recipe.

Peggy Esposito

Rating: 5 stars

06/29/2013

Excellent recipe - only thing my daughter changed was added more soy sauce!

WoundedEgo

Rating: 5 stars

05/25/2014

I've made this a few times now. As is it is wonderful. I've done a lot of the
same modifications that others have (ginger, garlic, hot peppers, sesame oil,
oyster sauce) all to good effect, though not necessary. I also added some Thai
curry paste that added a nice zing. But the one thing I did do that is pretty
unusual (definitely not a Chinese thing) but added such a great flavor was
this... I buy these canned Jalapenos with carrots and use them in a lot of
things. For this recipe I chopped up several of them very small and mixed them
in and they add so much delicious flavor. They don't have too much heat,
either.

Jeanette

Rating: 3 stars

12/05/2013

Hi, I think it turns out a lot better if you first pre toast the rice with a
little oil until the rice turns a white colour instead of the normal
transparent colour. This way it`ll make so your rice doesn`t get so mushy.
cook the rice just until soft, don`t wait until it`s very soft and splitting
open. I like to save a step and when the rice is half cooked I add the carrota
and peas and garlic chopped fine and even onion or some other vegetable. then
when the rice is cooked, heat up just a little oil in the frying pan and add
all the ingreadients with the soysauce. I like to fry the egg separetly and
cut it up , then add while frying the rice. It helps to keep the rice from
mushing together. also if you like you can fry chicken breasts or beef and cut
up and add too when you refry the rice with the soysauce. It comes out
excellent!

loveearth2

Rating: 3 stars

10/31/2010

ehh

Rod_R

Rating: 5 stars

04/04/2014

Great basic recipe, Cooked my rice in broth, julienne cut some bacon, then
sauteed my carrots in the bacon fat followed by the rice. Topped it all off
with some finely diced green onion. No Leftovers!

cooking42

Rating: 5 stars

05/02/2009

Great way to use up some leftovers. I did as another reviewer suggested and
added soy to the eggs when I added them in the middle of the wok/skillet. I
also added some teriayki just because we like the flavor. I used leftover Far
East Roasted chicken/garlic rice, broccoli, shredded carrots, green onions and
peas. Easy and Yummy! Thank you

yaktipper

Rating: 4 stars

05/11/2013

I found this very good, and my kids loved it, even one that doesn't touch
white rice. The simpleness of this recipe really appeals to kids. I think I
would have liked it better with some of the adjustments others have suggested
but I won't be changing it because the family wins out. I did however cook the
rice for less time: about 12 min as I usually do when making plain white rice.

Nora

Rating: 1 stars

05/10/2006

Sorry to say, but nothing close to restaurant style. Didn't like at all.

JARRIE

Allstar

Rating: 4 stars

01/27/2011

I did dress it up a bit based on personal preference (added an onion, added
garlic, added oyster sauce, omitted green peas) but the base recipe here is
fantastic. I am subtracting a star only because the rice NEEDS to be
refrigerated a day or more before making any fried rice recipe -- that helps
it get cold and dry, so it doesn't continue cooking into mush when it hits the
pan. Thank you for sharing!

colleen

Rating: 4 stars

11/22/2013

This recipe needs some tweeking. Make sure your rice is cold before
frying.Heat your olive oil, when you think its hot enough make it hotter.In
other words it has to be super hot(olive oil is one oil that wont burn). I fry
my eggs separate(don't always use eggs)and add anything(veggies)in my rice
before frying my rice.While frying I add my soya sauce for colouring and
flavor while frying...I top it with fresh green onions....YUMMMMMMMM!

SUZZANNA

Rating: 5 stars

01/23/2010

When making fried rice, it's important to cook the rice ahead of time and let
it cool before you use it. I used about 1/2 cup low sodium soy sauce. Good
recipe for a quick, easy side dish.

T L Dixon

Rating: 3 stars

02/18/2010

My rating is based on recipe before changes. I cooked the rice ahead & let
cool first. Left out the carrots. I also added 1/2 cup chopped green cabbage
and 1/2 lb. peeled-deveined shrimp. A local restaurant adds chopped cabbage
and it's awesome! The onion and cabbage needs to saute' until tender. The
Sesame Oil is a must.

Christine Laliberte

Rating: 5 stars

06/15/2011

I make this all the time for my daughter who is a vegatarian minus the eggs.
She loves it I do add more soy or hoisin and tamari sauce...but that just my
tastes

Joy Dauterman

Rating: 4 stars

01/09/2012

I don't think was restaurant quality, but it was good and easy. I would make
it again.

dcoolidge

Rating: 5 stars

05/25/2013

This was amazing, althought I don't have a wok it still came out delicious.
Very versatile recipe to add different vegetables to. I made this as a base
for General Tso's chicken....delicious. Thanks for sharing the recipe

Siria www.monsterinlaws.com

Rating: 1 stars

04/09/2006

This was awful. Nothing restaurant about it. I followed the recipe and it
tasted like nothing.

docswife

Rating: 5 stars

04/02/2007

My family loved this. I used frozen peas and carrots. Just boiled them for a
few minutes as per package directions. This would be great with roasted pork,
shrimp or any other add ins. Thanks!

rockstartailor

Rating: 5 stars

07/01/2013

This fried rice was great! It tasted a lot like the restaurant kind.

sunniedm

Rating: 3 stars

02/26/2013

I was disappointed. Not near as good as restaurant. My rice was mushy even
though I followed suggestions to rinse rice first. I also made it the day
before so it would be cold. It was still a sticky HUGE lump. I used regular
white rice. Should I have used Basmati or Jasmine? Would that have made a
difference? As "zobird" said I used 2C dry rice & it made a LOT. I didn't use
it all and still we had a big container of fried rice left over. I agreed with
others that it didn't have much taste and I had to add a LOT of soy sauce &
Sesame oil & still bland. I love fried rice so will be willing to try this
again. So many good reviews I have to wonder if I did something wrong but
don't know what?? I'll try rinsing the rice more next time & lightly browning
it before adding cooking liquid. I'll add onion & garlic with the peas &
carrots. Along with all the steps for making the Sweet n Sour Chicken it was a
labor intensive meal that was just ok.

Christina

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

05/10/2010

This was GREAT! I was being lazy and just used a bag of 'Steamfresh' white
rice with carrots, peas and corn...it worked out wonderfully. Made as written
except for adding some green onions. I did add the optional drizzle of sesame
oil and I feel it finished the rice off perfectly! I will be using this recipe
again for sure! Thanks for sharing. :)

EMMA37

Rating: 5 stars

01/28/2008

Very yummy! I added onin, summer squash, zuccini and chicken. Definately use
the sesame oil, it makes a difference. My husband said it was the best I've
made. Thank you for a great recipe.

Mark Farmer

Rating: 1 stars

11/10/2013

Rice was too mushy, not sure why we need to boil the carrots and peas. No
green Onions or even yellow onions? No Pork or Shrimp?

rpaulson001

Rating: 5 stars

12/11/2013

Excellent! I used extra rice and so added about a tablespoon or 2 of oil…best
fried rice I've ever made!

beausnbelle

Rating: 5 stars

08/14/2010

To add an extra "snap" to this excellent base recipe, try adding sliced water
chestnuts into the veggie mixture.

Christine

Rating: 1 stars

02/10/2013

Amazingly tasteless. I added more soy sauce as it is marked "to taste", then
it just tasted like rice soaked in soy sauce. Would never make again. For
those new to making fried rice, the rice should be made the day before and
refridgerated to avoid mush. When my mom makes it, she usually seasons the
eggs as well.

karen

Rating: 2 stars

11/11/2013

This and the 'sticky chicken'....after 4 years of my cooking this is the first
meal my boyfriend put his fork down while eating. I told him 'I am sorry-I'm
not a fan either' and he smiled 'yeah, I wouldn't make this again'. The kids
ate it, but nobody actually liked it.

ARBUTUSROEHM

Rating: 3 stars

04/04/2006

Easy recipe, but there was something missing. I think that I may not have used
enough soy sauce or I am missing an asian style spice. Overall I would
probably tinker with the recipe a bit to see if I could get it to where my
husband and I think it is perfect. I used minute rice (it's all I had) and a
pinch of garlic salt. I cooked the egg separate from the veggies.

Brent

Rating: 5 stars

04/14/2008

This is incredible...so easy to make it's pathetic and it comes out AWESOME.
If you're looking for something awfully close to your favorite Chinese
restaurant that only takes a few minutes to make, this is for you.

FNChef

Rating: 4 stars

05/12/2010

Good, basic recipe that works in a pinch. I didn't chop the carrots... chose
to just use a veggie peeler and shred it and cook those with the peas. Worked
like a charm! Added some fish sauce for a little more flavor. Overall, good
recipe... but not a big WOW flavor.

marias8

Rating: 4 stars

02/08/2012

Basic recipe. Needed a little oomph. I added oyster sauce and pancetta.

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Easy Fried Rice

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Easy Fried Rice

##  All Reviews for Easy Fried Rice

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Easy Fried Rice

Servings Per Recipe: 8  
Calories: 152.3  

% Daily Value *

protein:  3.9g  8 %

carbohydrates:  19.2g  6 %

dietary fiber:  1g  4 %

fat:  6.6g  10 %

saturated fat:  1.2g  6 %

cholesterol:  46.5mg  16 %

vitamin a iu:  1795.2IU  36 %

niacin equivalents:  1.9mg  10 %

vitamin b6:  0.1mg  5 %

vitamin c:  2mg  3 %

folate:  48.5mcg  12 %

calcium:  18.6mg  2 %

iron:  1.2mg  7 %

magnesium:  13mg  3 %

potassium:  82.4mg  2 %

sodium:  150.1mg  6 %

thiamin:  0.1mg  9 %

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Easy Fried Rice

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 1168

Easy Fried Rice

1 of 264 Easy Fried Rice

Karen Stinson

Easy Fried Rice

2 of 264 Easy Fried Rice

Eat

Easy Fried Rice

3 of 264 Easy Fried Rice

Patricia Marie

Easy Fried Rice

4 of 264 Easy Fried Rice

builderdex

Easy Fried Rice

5 of 264 Easy Fried Rice

Georgann Haeffner

Easy Fried Rice

6 of 264 Easy Fried Rice

Steph

Easy Fried Rice

7 of 264 Easy Fried Rice

JennKroe

Easy Fried Rice

8 of 264 Easy Fried Rice

Megan Weiss

Easy Fried Rice

9 of 264 Easy Fried Rice

Carrie Cavender

Easy Fried Rice

10 of 264 Easy Fried Rice

Joanne Tomasso

Easy Fried Rice

11 of 264 Easy Fried Rice

Amanda Estrella

Easy Fried Rice

12 of 264 Easy Fried Rice

Laurie

Easy Fried Rice

13 of 264 Easy Fried Rice

Michelle Rae

Easy Fried Rice

14 of 264 Easy Fried Rice

lyverer

Easy Fried Rice

15 of 264 Easy Fried Rice

JamesF

Easy Fried Rice

16 of 264 Easy Fried Rice

Andrea

Easy Fried Rice

17 of 264 Easy Fried Rice

Lori Mizrachi

Easy Fried Rice

18 of 264 Easy Fried Rice

Dunehunter

Easy Fried Rice

19 of 264 Easy Fried Rice

Jasmine L.

Easy Fried Rice

20 of 264 Easy Fried Rice

theworldhadteeth

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Easy Fried Rice to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Easy Fried Rice

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

