https://www.indianhealthyrecipes.com/paneer-manchurian-recipe/


Skip to content

Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About

Search

Toggle Menu

Search

# Paneer Manchurian

Home >> Recipes >> Indo-Chinese Recipes

Byswasthi

33 Comments

__WhatsApp

 __Share 2K

 __Pin 4K

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

5K Shares

Paneer Manchurian is a delicious **Indo-Chinese** appetizer consisting of
crisp fried **Paneer (Indian cheese)** in a slightly tangy & umami-rich
Manchurian sauce. If you are a paneer and **Manchurian lover** , this is a
must try for the next meal or a party. Cubes of paneer are coated with a thick
spiced batter and fried to perfection. Later these are dunked in a freshly
made delicious manchurian sauce. Though paneer can be shallow fried, air fried
or baked, deep frying gives the best results of pillowy soft paneer with a
super crisp coating. In this post I share how to make restaurant style Paneer
Manchurian along with no fry options.

* * *

While you can find the semi dry version most commonly served in restaurants,
there are also the dry and gravy variations. Dry & semi-dry Paneer Manchurian
can be eaten straight as an appetizer and you just don't need any side.

The semi-dry version is good to serve with **Hakka noodles** , **Vegetable
noodles** , and flat bread or simply eat as a side in any meal. The gravy
version has plenty of thick sauce, it is mostly eaten with **Fried rice**
though you can serve it with plain basmati rice.

## About Paneer Manchurian

Paneer Manchurian bears several resemblances with **Chilli paneer**. The use
of tomato ketchup (sauce) along with a higher quantity of soya sauce is what
sets the manchurian apart from chilli. This totally gives the Manchurian
dishes a special umami-rich punch.

A lot of Indo-Chinese dishes served in restaurants are slapped with plenty of
soya sauce that makes you feel full and dehydrated. MSG is another key
ingredient used to elevate the flavors.

This homemade Paneer Manchurian has the right amount of soya sauce and other
aromatics that won't leave you dehydrated. Also it is made without MSG. It is
very flavorful and packs a punch in every bite. If you try this once I am sure
you won't order it anywhere.

In this post I show how to make a semi-dry dish and also tips to make the
other gravy version. It is up to you regarding the frying, but deep fried
paneer cubes turn out the best.

For best results, read my pro tips section below where I share everything
about getting the restaurant flavors, substituting refined flours, soya sauce
and more.

### No Fry Paneer Manchurian

These days, to make it much simpler I have been making paneer manchurian
without even frying the paneer. This version gets ready under 12 to 15 mins &
tastes fantastic. I have shared the same in this **Chilli Mushroom recipe**.

Paneer has a melt-in-the-mouth texture, coated with a delicious silky sauce.
All you will miss is the crunch from the coating. Plus lesser oil and lesser
refined flour!

More **Paneer recipes**  
 **Malai kofta  
Paneer tikka  
Paneer lababdar  
Achari paneer  
Paneer do pyaza**

Advertisement

## How to Make Paneer Manchurian (Stepwise pics)

### Preparation

1\. Heat oil in a kadai for deep frying. I use about 1.5 cups for frying. You
can use as much as you want depending on the size of your kadai. If you want
to pan fry, skip to the pan frying section below.

2\. To a mixing bowl add  
¼ cup all-purpose flour  (prefer organic flour)  
3 tablespoons corn flour (corn starch or rice flour)  
¼ teaspoon salt  
½ teaspoon Kashmiri red chilli powder. (I just used it for color).

3\. Mix well. Pour water little by little and make a batter that is neither
too thick nor too thin. (Check video to see the consistency)

4\. Add 200 grams paneer cubes.

5\. Coat them well with the batter.

### Frying paneer

6\. Test the oil if it is hot enough by dropping a small portion of batter to
it. It should sizzle and rise to the surface without browning. This is the
correct temperature. Coat each paneer cube in batter and gently drop one after
the other to the hot oil. You can drop them using a spoon or fingers. If your
oil is not hot enough they will stick to each other. Do not crowd the kadai
with a lot of paneer pieces.

Advertisement

7\. Do not disturb for a few minutes. When they turn light golden, stir them
and fry until golden and crisp. Remove them to a steel colander once done.

8\. Add 1 teaspoon corn flour (corn starch) to a small bowl and mix it with
1/2 to 3/4 cup water. You can replace corn flour with arrowroot powder. Make
sure there are no lumps in the mixture. Set this aside.

### Make Paneer Manchurian

9\. Heat a pan or wok on high heat with 1 tbsp oil in it. Saute ½ to ¾ tbsp
ginger and ½ to ¾ tbsp garlic for a minute.

Advertisement

10\. Add ¼ cup chopped spring onions. Saute for a minute.

11\. Add ¼ to ½ cup capsicum and saute for another 1 to 2 mins. Then pour 1½
tbsps soya sauce. I have used regular organic soya sauce. If using dark or
light soya sauce you will have to adjust accordingly as per your preference.

12\. Next add 2 tablespoons tomato sauce (ketchup) and 1 teaspoon sugar. You
will have to skip or add more sugar depending on your sauce. Mine was slightly
sweet and sour, so 1 tsp works out well.

13\. Lower the heat. Stir the corn flour mixture with a spoon and pour it to
the pan. Mix it well. Add more water if needed to bring the sauce to a
consistency.

14\. Check the taste at this stage. Add little salt, ½ to ¾ teaspoon black
pepper and ½ to ¾ teaspoon vinegar. You can skip vinegar if the mixture
already has an hint of sourness. I used apple cider vinegar.

Advertisement

15\. Cook the sauce stirring continuously until it thickens a bit. This will
just take a minute or two. The sauce thickens further after cooling, so when
it is slightly thick but still of pouring consistency, turn off the stove.
(Check video for consistency.)

16\. Let the sauce cool down a bit, then add fried paneer. Mix it well to coat
the paneer with manchurian sauce. Add Spring onion greens.

Serve paneer manchurian hot and immediately after preparing with or without a
side. Noodles or fried rice goes well.

Advertisement

## Pan Fry Paneer

To a small bowl, add 1 tablespoon soya sauce, 2 teaspoons tomato ketchup,
little sugar and mix well.

Add your paneer to this and mix well.

Add 1 tablespoon corn starch, 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour and half teaspoon
black pepper. Gently mix well to coat the paneer. If the mixture is too dry
splash some water.

Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a small pan and place the paneer pieces, making sure
they don't touch each other. You have to be patient with this method as it
takes some time for the paneer to get the crisp texture. After frying paneer
in 2 batches add this to the prepared manchurian sauce.

## Pro Tips

Here are my top tips for a great tasting paneer manchurian.

**Carbon Steel Wok:** If you want to replicate the restaurant Chinese flavors,
use a carbon steel wok. Stir frying the aromatics like spring onions, ginger,
garlic in a wok, at a highest heat is what makes the Chinese restaurant foods
taste so good. This imparts a very unique aroma to the dishes. If you do not
have one, a cast iron wok also works but make sure you transfer the food
immediately after cooking.

**Soya Sauce:** Manchurian dishes require higher amount of soya sauce. If you
cut down the quantity you won't get the same flavors. An good substitute for
soya sauce is Tamari. If you don't eat soy products then this dish may not be
for you. Coconut aminos or liquid aminos work in a pinch but won't taste the
taste like what you get in Indo-Chinese restaurants.

**Refined Flour** : I have made this recipe many times by replacing corn-
starch and all-purpose flour with rice flour and wheat flour. They work very
well but the crunch, flavor and taste is not the same. Also note that the
manchurian sauce masks all of the rice and wheat flour flavors, so we are okay
with it.

**No-Fry Paneer Manchurian** : For this version make the sauce and add the
paneer (non-fried) cubes right into the hot manchurian sauce. Turn off the
stove, Stir and cover. Set aside for 5 mins so the paneer absorbs the flavors.
For this version, cut the paneer to smaller pieces so you won't feel them
bland.

**Related Recipes**

### Paneer Recipes

### Malai Kofta Recip...

### Paneer Tikka in O...

### Paneer Lababdar

### Achari Paneer Rec...

### Paneer Do Pyaza

## Recipe Card

Advertisement

## Paneer Manchurian Recipe

Making this delicious restaurant style Paneer manchurian is super easy with
this recipe. It's a popular Indo-Chinese appetizer made by tossing fried
paneer in sweet tangy and spicy manchurian sauce. You can also serve it with
noodles or fried side as a side. You can deep fry, pan fry, bake or air fry
with this recipe

Pin Recipe Print Recipe

1x2x3x

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

For best results follow the step-by-step photos above the recipe card

Prep Time10 minutes

Cook Time20 minutes

Total Time30 minutes

Servings3

AuthorSwasthi

### Ingredients (US cup = 240ml )

  * ▢ 200 grams paneer  (Indian cottage cheese)
  * ▢ ¼ cup all-purpose flour (maida) (prefer organic flour)
  * ▢ 3 tablespoons corn flour (corn starch or rice flour)
  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon Salt
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon red chilli powder  (optional) replace with pepper powder
  * ▢ Water  as needed to make batter
  * ▢ Oil for frying

#### Making manchurian sauce

  * ▢ 1 tablespoon oil  olive or sesame oil
  * ▢ ½ to ¾ tablespoon garlic minced 
  * ▢ ½ to ¾ tablespoon ginger minced 
  * ▢ ¼ cup spring onion whites chopped
  * ▢ ¼ to ½ cup capsicum  chopped or bell pepper
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon corn flour (corn starch or arrowroot powder)
  * ▢ ½ cup water (you may need little more, use as needed)
  * ▢ 1 ½ tablespoons soya sauce (use naturally brewed or organic, I used kikkoman)
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons tomato sauce (I used homemade sauce)
  * ▢ ¾ to 1 teaspoon sugar
  * ▢ ½ to ¾ teaspoon black pepper
  * ▢ ½ to ¾ teaspoon vinegar  (use only if needed to give a mild tang)
  * ▢ Salt as needed (use only if needed, I used about ¼ tsp)
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons Spring onion greens

Advertisement

### Instructions

#### Option 1 - Deep Frying

  * ▢

Prepare all the ingredients for making the sauce and set aside. Heat oil in a
kadai for deep frying paneer.

  * ▢

While the oil heats, add corn flour, maida, salt and chilli powder to a bowl.
Add water just enough to make a free flowing yet thick batter. The consistency
must be moderately thick, not too thick or too runny.

  * ▢

Test if the oil is hot by dropping a small portion of the batter to the oil.
It should immediately sizzle and come up to the surface without turning brown.
This is the right temperature.

  * ▢

Dip the paneer cubes in the batter and gently drop to the hot oil. Do not
disturb them for a minute or 2 until the coating set firmly over the paneer.

  * ▢

Stir often and fry on a medium heat until golden and crisp. Remove them to a
steel colander.

#### Option 2 - No Fry Paneer

  * ▢

To a mixing bowl add 1 tablespoon soya sauce, 2 teaspoons ketchup (tomato
sauce), little sugar and mix well. Add paneer and give a good stir.

  * ▢

To a small bowl, add 1 tablespoon corn starch, 1 tablespoon all-purpose flour
and 2 to 3 pinches of black pepper. Mix together and sprinkle all over the
paneer.

  * ▢

Coat the paneer well with the flour. If the mixture is too dry, sprinkle
little water. Each piece of paneer should be well coated with a thick batter.

  * ▢

Heat a tablespoon of oil in a non-stick pan. When the oil turns hot, place
each piece in the oil, each atleast an inch apart. Fry until crisp on both the
sides, turning to the other after one side turns golden.

  * ▢

To air fry, place them on a sheet and air fry for 6 to 8 mins at 350 F or 180
C, turn the pieces and air fry for another 5 mins.

#### How to Make Paneer Manchurian

  * ▢

Add 1 teaspoon corn starch to a bowl and add ½ cup water. Mix and make a lump
free slurry. Keep this aside.

  * ▢

Heat 1 tbsp of oil in a wok. Regulate the flame to high. Add ginger garlic and
saute for a min for the nice aroma to comes out.

  * ▢

Next add spring onion whites and fry for a min or two. Add capsicum and saute
for another minute.

  * ▢

Pour soya sauce, tomato sauce and corn slurry. Make sure you stir the corn
slurry once before pouring to the pan.

  * ▢

Add more water if needed. Reduce the flame to medium and add sugar. Stir and
check the taste test.

  * ▢

Add black pepper, salt and vinegar if needed. Let the sauce boil and cook down
to a thick consistency.

  * ▢

Add the fried paneer and spring onion greens. Toss the paneer in the sauce
well to coat evenly.

  * ▢

Serve paneer manchurian hot with noodles or fried rice.

Advertisement

### Notes

The ingredients for the no fry option are given with the instructions in the
recipe card. Do not use the same used for deep frying.

Alternative quantities provided in the recipe card are for 1x only, original
recipe.

For best results follow my detailed step-by-step photo instructions and tips
above the recipe card.

### Video

### NUTRITION INFO (estimation only)

Nutrition Facts

Paneer Manchurian Recipe

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 317 Calories from Fat 189

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 21g **32%**

Saturated Fat 10g **63%**

 **Cholesterol** 44mg **15%**

 **Sodium** 584mg **25%**

 **Potassium** 75mg **2%**

 **Carbohydrates** 19g **6%**

 **Protein** 11g **22%**

**Vitamin A** 300IU **6%**

 **Vitamin C** 3.1mg **4%**

 **Calcium** 326mg **33%**

 **Iron** 1mg **6%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Tried this recipe?Mention @SwasthisRecipes or tag #swasthisrecipes!

(C) Swasthi's Recipes

__WhatsApp

 __Share 2K

 __Pin 4K

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

5K Shares

**FOR MORE RECIPES**

Please leave this field empty

Enter & Confirm eMail ID for Swasthi's Recipes Newsletter *

Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.

  

Paneer Manchurian recipe first published in October 2017. Updated &
Republished in May 2022.

## Post navigation

Previous Previous

Mango Juice Recipe

NextContinue

Cucumber Juice Recipe

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

33 Comments

__Inline Feedbacks

View all comments

Bilkhis

Fabulous recipe! Ready in no time, accurate instructions..easy to make!  
Thanks a million for this!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Bilkhis

Welcome!

Reply

Advertisement

M

Can I bake paneer after marinating instead of frying?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   M

If you make a batter it will drip off. Rinse the paneer and drain the water
completely. Sprinkle flour, salt and mix. If it is too dry sprinkle some
water. Grill these

Reply

Dr Sindhu

  
Thank you dear …. For first time I tried making paneer Manchurian… It was
amazing… My husband and kids loved it…

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Dr Sindhu

Hello Dr. Sindhu  
You are most welcome! Glad to know your family loved it. Thank you so much!

Reply

Renny

  
This is the only recepie which I got the actual Manchurian style thanks
Swathi!!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Renny

You are welcome  
Glad to know

Reply

Nim

  
Tried this tonight. Turned out great!! One of the few husband approved
dishes!?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Nim

Thanks Nim,  
Glad your husband liked it.  
🙂

Reply

Anita Haribabu

Awesome awesome awesome!! Turned out super tasty!! Thank u for the recipe!!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Anita Haribabu

Welcome Anita,  
Glad to know it turned out tasty!

Reply

Neeru

  
Awesome! Absolutely fantastic and delicious. I made your fried rice, paneer
manchurian & gajar halwa for a potluck. All the foods were loved by everyone.
My buddies wanted to know how I made such good paneer manchurian. I showed
them your website. Thank you. Much Love & god bless

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Neeru

Hi Neeru,  
Great! You are welcome. SO happy to know your foods turned out good. Thanks a
lot for introducing my blog to your friends.  
🙂

Reply

Advertisement

Tanu

Whenever i made paneer manchurian …paneer get stuck in each other and after
frying it become so difficult to remove them ….please guide me what ratio
should I use for 250 grm paneer.  
I add 250 gm panner and corn flour 1 tbsp.  
And plz tell if corn flour is much in paneer how it will effect and if it is
lesser then how it will effect??

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Tanu

Hi Tanu,  
Please follow the recipe for best results. 1 tbsp corn flour is not enough for
250 grams of flour. That's why they stuck to each other. Equal amounts of corn
flour and plain flour may prevent it from sticking. Also if the oil is not hot
enough they may get stuck to each other.

Reply

Kavya

  
Ma'am your recipes are too good. It easy to make and food always tastes good.
I love cooking with your recipe. Can you upload the recipe of dragon paneer?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Kavya

Thanks Kavya  
Dragon paneer is similar to schezwan paneer. You can check the recipe of
schezwan paneer here

Reply

Mrs. Debjani Dutta

  
Systematic and easy way of cooking  
. ???

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Mrs. Debjani Dutta

Thank you so much

Reply

Rekha

  
I followed the recipe and it came out tasting better than any restaurant I've
ever eaten at.  
I was a bit worried after adding soy sauce because it tasted really salty but
after letting it cook it tasted PERFECT!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Rekha

Hi Rekha  
Thanks for trying. Happy to know you liked it.  
🙂

Reply

Rida Fatima

Can we add tomato puree instead of tomato sauce?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Rida Fatima

Hi Rida  
Tomato pure doesn't work here. You can use ketchup or chilli sauce. Any sauce
can be used.

Reply

Ankitha

  
I tried this and it was super awesome ? thank you ❤️

Reply

Advertisement

swasthi

Great recipe. I also switched 1tbsp of tamato sauce for 0.5-1 tbsp of keecap
manis – it was fantastic!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   swasthi

Thanks for trying

Reply

Juhi

  
Hi,

Love your blog for being Healthy and easy! Could you tell if the calories
written at the bottom are per serving or of the total dish?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Juhi

Hi Juhi  
Thanks a lot. The calories are for the total dish.

Reply

bhavika

  
amazing, you have made the whole procedure soo easy, that even a beginner the
make it dish easily, thank you for making the complicated process soo simple

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   bhavika

Welcome Bhavika,  
Glad to know you liked it. Thanks

Reply

__

Vinits

__Reply to   swasthi

Mam if I want to make it for party what prior preparations can be done? Can
paneer be fried and kept

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Vinits

Hi Vinita,  
You can make the sauce ahead and keep. Fried paneer turns soft quickly. So fry
them just before serving. If the sauce turns too thick then pour little water
and heat up slightly then add the paneer.

Reply

Advertisement

Advertisement

(C) 2022 Swasthi's Recipes

Insert

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Popular RecipesExpand child menuExpand

    * Matar Paneer
    * Butter Chicken
    * Chana Masala
    * Dal Makhani
    * Gobi Manchurian
    * Chicken Tikka Masala
  * SocialExpand child menuExpand

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Twitter
    * Pinterest
    * Youtube

Toggle Menu Close

Search for:

Search

