https://www.awesomecuisine.com/recipes/725/paneer-manchurian/


  * Vegetarian
    * Appetizers & Snacks
      * All Vegetarian Snacks
      * Bonda
      * Samosa
      * Sundal
      * Vada
      * Vadam and Vathal
      * Kebabs
    * Breads & Rice
      * Biryani
      * Naan
      * Paratha
      * Poori
      * Pulao
      * Rice
      * Roti
    * Vegetarian Mains
      * Curries and Gravies
      * Dal
      * Paneer
    * South Indian Food
      * All South Indian Recipes
      * Kootu
      * Sambar
      * Rasam
      * Idli
      * Dosa
    * Vegetarian Sides
      * All Side Dishes
      * Chutneys and Sauces
      * Raita
  * Non Vegetarian
    * Egg
    * Chicken
    * Crab
    * Fish
    * Mutton
    * Prawn
    * Shrimp
  * Fast Food
    * Burgers
    * Chaat
    * Pasta
    * Pizza
    * Sandwich
  * Beverages
    * Cocktails
    * Fruit Juices
    * Lassi
    * Milkshakes
    * Mocktails
    * Smoothies
  * Desserts & Sweets
    * Sweets
      * All Sweets
      * Burfi
      * Halwa
      * Kesari
      * Laddu
    * Desserts
      * All Desserts
      * Cakes
      * Chocolate
      * Cookies
      * Ice Cream
      * Kheer
  * Tamil Recipes
  * Health
    * Salad
      * Salad Dressings
    * Soup
    * Pregnancy and Postnatal
  * International
    * Chinese
    * French
    * Italian
    * Mediterranean
    * Mexican
    * Middle Eastern
    * Spanish
    * Thai
    * Vietnamese
  * More
    * Food Guide
    * Kids Recipes
    * Indian Festival Recipes
    * Fruits & Vegetables

__

__

__

Home __Vegetarian __Paneer __ Paneer Manchurian

Paneer

# Paneer Manchurian

_2k_ views

Perfect amalgamation of Indo-Chinese culinary.

Jump to Recipe

Paneer Manchurian is a perfect amalgamation of Indian and Chinese cuisines.
Cooking paneer with veggies is an Indian tradition whereas frying Manchurian
is a Chinese cooking practice. A combination of both these methods gives you a
crunchy, deep and spicy flavored Paneer Manchurian which is good enough to
give a surreal experience to your taste buds.

Some people like to keep their Manchurian dry whereas some people prefer it
thick and saucy. Hot Paneer Manchurian can be relished with fried rice or
Chinese Hakka noodles as per your taste preference. Adding one egg white is
optional as vegetarians will not prefer it. However, adding the egg white
gives a smooth consistency to the curry which is a trademark of the Chinese
cuisine.

Add spring onions and celery to give it an authentic Chinese flavor but you
can use regular onions and skip the celery if they are not available. You can
also use Tofu instead of paneer and the Manchurian will still taste
deliciously and exotic!

Do not forget to marinate the paneer cubes in the ginger-garlic paste for at
least 10 to 15 minutes before frying them. Kids love this delicacy as they get
to relish something unique and saucy. You can serve this dish with your
regular homemade noodles as well and kids will devour it in no time.

Paneer is rich in proteins and the vegetables used make it even more
nutritional. It proves to be a great appetizer and you can also have it as a
late evening snack. Corn flour is added to thicken the gravy but add it slowly
and stir occasionally to prevent the formation of small lumps. You can
directly add the paneer cubes without frying them but fried ones certainly
taste a lot better.

If you want to enjoy dry or masala Paneer Manchurian just avoid adding water
and just drizzle it with extra sauce!

5 from 2 votes

## Paneer Manchurian Recipe

Perfect amalgamation of Indo-Chinese culinary.

Prep Time15 mins

Cook Time20 mins

Course: Appetizer, Side Dish, Snack

Cuisine: Indo-Chinese

Keyword: paneer, spicy finger food

Servings: 2 People

## Ingredients for Paneer Manchurian

  * 1/2 cup Flour (Maida)
  * 1/2 tsp Chinese salt
  * 2 tbsp Cornflour
  * 2 tbsp Spring onions chopped
  * 2 tbsp Soya sauce
  * 3 nos. Green chillies chopped
  * 4 tsp Ginger-garlic paste
  * 6 nos. garlic cloves finely chopped
  * 200 g Paneer/ Cottage Cheese
  * Salt to taste
  * Oil for frying
  * Few coriander leaves chopped

## How to make Paneer Manchurian

  * Cut the paneer into square pieces.

  * Marinate the pieces with salt and two teaspoons of ginger-garlic paste and keep aside for 10 minutes.

  * Mix cornflour, flour, ginger-garlic paste, salt in a bowl and make a batter using a little water.

  * Dip the paneer pieces in this batter and fry in hot oil until they turn golden.

  * In another pan heat oil and fry the chopped garlic cloves.

  * Now add Soya sauce, spring onions, fried paneer pieces, green chillies, salt, Chinese salt, one and a half cups of water and let the ingredients simmer.

  * Take three teaspoons of cornflour and half a cup of water and mix well.

  * Add this to the boiling mixture and cook well until the sauce thickens.

  * Add coriander leaves and serve hot.

#### For Dry Version

  * Skip the sauce when the mixture is cooking to make a dry version.

previous post

##### Malai Kofta

next post

##### மேங்கோ மஸ்தானி

##### Anjali Anand

Anjali is a visionary woman entrepreneur with extraordinary talents. With 11+
years of experience in the L&D industry, she is the co-founder of a health
food start-up empowering people to stay fit through food. Anjali has won
numerous accolades including Upcoming Women Entrepreneur of the Year and
Visionary Women's award for Innovation in Entrepreneurship. She has also been
invited to participate in various programmes on leading TV channels.

#### You may also like

###  Paneer Khurchan

###  Paneer Jamun

###  Aloo Nazakat

###  Malai Kofta Curry

###  Paneer Laddu

###  Mutter Paneer

#### 15 comments

apanirasoi __November 24, 2012 - 12:12 pm

Nice Recipe and blog.

Reply

devashree __October 26, 2012 - 3:34 am

easy recipe

Reply

Shushma __March 19, 2012 - 7:44 am

can we add mushrooms in this recipe?

Reply

Praveen Kumar __March 19, 2012 - 10:34 am

Depending on one’s taste you can add mushrooms.

Reply

hrithik __September 2, 2011 - 2:05 am

it is nice .10/10

Reply

hrithik __September 2, 2011 - 2:02 am

IT IS VERY GOOD. I LIKE IT VERY MUCH .IT’S VERY ,VERY, VERY,VERY TASTY.

Reply

pyaar __December 27, 2010 - 11:18 pm

recipe is too good, and gets an awsm taste

Reply

Snehal __September 22, 2010 - 2:20 pm

paneer manchurian with egg marination??????

Reply

ishu kalra __March 23, 2010 - 5:01 am

100/100

Reply

akshaya __March 20, 2010 - 10:36 am

exellent

Reply

ritu __January 7, 2010 - 2:54 pm

what kind of flour are you using besides cornflour??

you haven’t mentioned anything about paneer whether to soak it in water before
the process or due we need to marinate the hard paneer without soaking it??
doesn’t it be hard??

Reply

Ria __September 26, 2008 - 1:09 am

It does have egg white as one of the ingredients though.  
So I wouldnt call that 100% vegetarian.

Reply

Praveen Kumar __September 26, 2008 - 3:25 am

Ria,

Egg white is optional. So you can either add or not. depending on your taste.

Reply

brian __March 16, 2008 - 7:02 am

I would like to know whether this receipe of manchurian is vegetarian

Reply

Praveen Kumar __March 16, 2008 - 7:18 am

brian,

yes this is vegetarian.

Reply

### Leave a Comment Cancel Reply

### Search Recipes

__

### Popular Recipes

  * ####  Vanilla Sponge Cake 

  * ####  Home Made Cake 

  * ####  Smiley Face Potatoes (Homemade Potato Smiley) 

  * ####  Soan Papdi 

  * ####  Lime Cordial 

### Recent Recipes

  * ####  Gunpowder Chicken 

  * ####  Chicken Teriyaki 

  * ####  Chaman Kaliya 

  * ####  Paneer Lababdar 

  * ####  Channa Chaat (Chickpeas Chaat) 

  * ####  Fattoush 

### Food Glossary

  * Conversions and Equivalents
  * Indian Fruit Names in English, Hindi and Tamil
  * Indian Vegetable Names in English, Hindi, Tamil, Telugu & Kannada
  * Names of Indian Condiments and Spices in Tamil, Telugu, Kannada, Hindi and English

### Follow Awesome Cuisine

__ Facebook __ Twitter __ Instagram __ Pinterest

  * Indian Recipes
  * About
  * Contact Us
  * Press and Media
  * Privacy Policy

Copyright © 2022 Awesome Cuisine.

__

__

__

  * Vegetarian
    * Appetizers & Snacks
      * All Vegetarian Snacks
      * Bonda
      * Samosa
      * Sundal
      * Vada
      * Vadam and Vathal
      * Kebabs
    * Breads & Rice
      * Biryani
      * Naan
      * Paratha
      * Poori
      * Pulao
      * Rice
      * Roti
    * Vegetarian Mains
      * Curries and Gravies
      * Dal
      * Paneer
    * South Indian Food
      * All South Indian Recipes
      * Kootu
      * Sambar
      * Rasam
      * Idli
      * Dosa
    * Vegetarian Sides
      * All Side Dishes
      * Chutneys and Sauces
      * Raita
  * Non Vegetarian
    * Egg
    * Chicken
    * Crab
    * Fish
    * Mutton
    * Prawn
    * Shrimp
  * Fast Food
    * Burgers
    * Chaat
    * Pasta
    * Pizza
    * Sandwich
  * Beverages
    * Cocktails
    * Fruit Juices
    * Lassi
    * Milkshakes
    * Mocktails
    * Smoothies
  * Desserts & Sweets
    * Sweets
      * All Sweets
      * Burfi
      * Halwa
      * Kesari
      * Laddu
    * Desserts
      * All Desserts
      * Cakes
      * Chocolate
      * Cookies
      * Ice Cream
      * Kheer
  * Tamil Recipes
  * Health
    * Salad
      * Salad Dressings
    * Soup
    * Pregnancy and Postnatal
  * International
    * Chinese
    * French
    * Italian
    * Mediterranean
    * Mexican
    * Middle Eastern
    * Spanish
    * Thai
    * Vietnamese
  * More
    * Food Guide
    * Kids Recipes
    * Indian Festival Recipes
    * Fruits & Vegetables

