https://www.spiceupthecurry.com/paneer-manchurian-dry-recipe/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

Spice Up The Curry

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipes
    * By Category
    * By Ingredients
    * Festivals
    * Collections
  * Subscribe
  *     * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * YouTube

  * Search

menu icon

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Ingredients
  * Festivals
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

search icon

Search

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Ingredients
  * Festivals
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

×

Home » Cuisine » Indo-Chinese

# Paneer Manchurian Dry Recipe

Published: Sep 8, 2017 · Last Modified: Apr 13, 2020 by Kanan Patel / 2
Comments

Jump to Recipe Pin Recipe

 **Paneer Manchurian Dry Recipe -** Deep fried, crispy paneer cubes are coated
with spicy, sour and slightly sweet Indo-chinese sauce. Best served as a
starter or snack.

If you love paneer and indo chinese food both, then I am sure this recipe is
for you. I have already shared the gravy version of paneer manchurian that can
be served with noodles or fried rice or plain steamed rice. In both recipes,
**instead of paneer you can use tofu or potato to make it vegan.**

**Here I have deep fried paneer cubes**. This gives nice crispy edges and that
is perfect texture for this dry paneer manchurian. **For slight healthier
version, you can shallow fry** it just like I have done in chilli paneer
recipe. But deep fried one gives best taste for sure.

I have mentioned before too and saying it again just to remind you that
**Always use naturally fermented soy sauce**. Never use chemically produced
soy sauce which has funky smell and strong taste.

_**Check out more Indo Chinese starter recipes**_  
Veg spring rolls // Veg manchurian dry // Veg hot and sour soup // Veg momos

* * *

## How to make Paneer Manchurian Dry Recipe (Step by Step Photos):

* * *

or Jump to Recipe

1) First heat the oil in pan for deep frying. While the oil is getting hot,
take all purpose flour, cornstarch, salt and pepper in a bowl and mix.

2) Add water to make thick, runny and lump-free batter.  

3) Once the oil is hot enough for frying, take paneer pieces one by one and
dip into the batter from all the sides.

4) And gently drop/slide into the hot oil.  

5) Keep moving and turning around occasionally for even frying and browning.

6) Once they are light golden brown from all the sides, remove them using
slotted spatula and keep on paper towel lined plate.  

7) Now heat 1 ½ tablespoons of oil in a pan on medium heat. Once hot add
chopped ginger, garlic, green chili and celery.

8) Saute for 40-60 seconds or till the raw smell of ginger garlic goes away.
Be careful not to burn the garlic.  

9) Now add chopped onions and sprinkle little salt.

10) Mix and cook till onions get soft and translucent or light pink in color.  

11) Now add black pepper powder and red chili flakes, mix.

12) Add soy sauce,  

13) Followed by ketchup.

14) Also add red chili sauce.  

15) And add vinegar.

16) Mix everything well and cook for a minute. Then turn off the stove and let
it cool for a minute.  

17) Now add fried paneer and half of spring onion greens.

18) Mix well so the sauce is coated to the paneer pieces.  

Remove it to a serving plate and garnish with remaining spring onion greens.

_**Serving suggestion:**_ Serve this paneer manchurian dry as a starter or
snack along with your indo-chinese meal. It can be served as a side with
noodles like veg chow mein or schezwan noodles.

Step by Step Photos AboveWant to make it perfect first time? Don't forget to
check out Step-by-Step photo instructions and helpful Tips & Tricks !!

Print Pin

## Paneer Manchurian Dry Recipe (How to make Dry Paneer Manchurian Recipe)

5 from 3 votes

Tried this recipe? Leave a comment and/or give ★ ratings

US measuring cups are used (1 cup = 240 ml)

Author: Kanan

Course: Appetizer

Cuisine: Indo Chinese

Calories: 343kcal

Servings 2 servings

Prep Time 10 minutes

Cook Time 15 minutes

Total Time 25 minutes

US measuring cups are used (1 cup = 240 ml) See details

### Ingredients  

1x2x3x

#### For frying paneer:

  * ▢ 100-125 grams Paneer cut into cubes
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon All purpose flour (Maida)
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Corn flour (corn starch)
  * ▢ Salt to taste
  * ▢ ⅛ teaspoon Black pepper powder
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons Water
  * ▢ Oil for deep frying

#### For thick sauce:

  * ▢ 1 ½ tablespoons Oil
  * ▢ 2 teaspoons Ginger finely chopped or minced
  * ▢ 2 teaspoons Garlic finely chopped or minced
  * ▢ 1 Green chili finely chopped
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon Celery finely chopped (optional)
  * ▢ ½ cup Red onion finely chopped
  * ▢ Salt to taste
  * ▢ ⅛ teaspoon Black pepper powder
  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon Red chili flakes optional
  * ▢ 1 ½ tablespoons Soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Tomato Ketchup
  * ▢ 2 teaspoons Chilli sauce
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon White distilled vinegar
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons Spring onion (green onion or scallion) , Green part chopped

### Instructions

#### Frying paneer:

  * First heat the oil on medium heat for deep frying.

  * To make batter, mix all purpose flour, corn starch, salt and pepper in a bowl. Make lump free, thick yet runny batter by adding water.

  * Once the oil is hot, dip the paneer cubes into the batter from all the sides and add into hot oil.

  * Fry till they are light golden brown and crisp from all the sides then remove it to a paper towel lined plate. Keep it aside.

#### Making Paneer Manchurian Dry Recipe:

  * Heat the oil in a pan on medium heat. Once hot saute ginger, garlic, green chili and celery for 40-60 seconds. Do not burn the garlic.

  * Now add onion and pinch of salt. Cook till they are soft and translucent.

  * Mix in black pepper powder, red chili flakes and all the sauces (soy sauce, ketchup, chili sauce and vinegar.) Cook for a minute and then turn off the stove, let it cool for a minute.

  * Then add fried paneer and spring onion greens. Mix well so sauce is coated to all the pieces.

  * Before serving garnish with more spring onion greens.

### Nutrition

Calories: 343kcal | Carbohydrates: 19.4g | Protein: 5.4g | Fat: 27.6g |
Saturated Fat: 3.6g | Cholesterol: 2mg | Sodium: 1248mg | Potassium: 307mg |
Fiber: 1.7g | Sugar: 8.4g | Calcium: 110mg | Iron: 1.1mg

*Nutrition information is a rough estimate for 1 serving

Did you make this recipe?Snap a pic, mention @spice.up.the.curry or tag
#spiceupthecurry. I would love to see.

« Beetroot Paratha Recipe

Sambar Rice Recipe (Sambar Sadam) »

322 shares

  * Facebook24
  * Pinterest298
  * WhatsApp

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. raajanya gupta

September 14, 2017 at 8:31 am

utterly,butterly delicious!!!!!!

Reply

    * Kanan

September 15, 2017 at 10:42 am

Thank you

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi, I'm Kanan Patel**. I share easy, delicious vegetarian recipes (mostly
Indian) and Eggless baking recipes that you can sure count on!

More about me →

### Indian Spice Box

### Top Recipes

  * Eggless Chocolate Chip Cookies

  * World’s BEST Eggless Brownies

  * Punjabi Shahi Paneer (Restaurant Style)

  * Chipotle Sauce

  * Eggless Banana Muffins Recipe

  * Frankie Recipe (Bombay Veg Frankie Roll)

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * About Kanan
  * Privacy Policy
  * Disclosure
  * Accessibility Policy
  * Nutrition Disclaimer

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates. Plus get a bonus cooking tips!

### Resources

  * Conversion Chart
  * Glossary
  * Recipe Index
  * Contact

### As Featured In

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2022 Spice Up The Curry

