https://www.spiceupthecurry.com/paneer-manchurian-recipe/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

Spice Up The Curry

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipes
    * By Category
    * By Ingredients
    * Festivals
    * Collections
  * Subscribe
  *     * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * YouTube

  * Search

menu icon

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Ingredients
  * Festivals
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

search icon

Search

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Ingredients
  * Festivals
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

×

Home » Cuisine » Indo-Chinese

# Paneer Manchurian Recipe

Published: Mar 19, 2017 · Last Modified: Apr 13, 2020 by Kanan Patel / 2
Comments

Jump to Recipe Pin Recipe

 **Paneer Manchurian Recipe** \- Shallow fried paneer cubes are added into
hot, spicy, sour Indian Chinese manchurian gravy.

The method is similar to other manchurian recipes like gobi manchurian,
mushroom manchurian or veg manchurian.

**For making this paneer manchurian recipe, I have shallow fried the paneer**.
Recently I made paneer manchurian dry, and in that I have deep fried. Just
because that is dry version and I wanted crispy texture. Since this recipe is
gravy version, even though fried paneer is crispy, it will not stay crispy
after adding to the gravy. So just to cut down some calories, I have shallow
fried.

**One important thing to consider while frying the paneer: Make sure not to
over fry or over cook.** Cook till it is light golden brown around the edges.
If overcooked then paneer will lose its softness and will become dry and
chewy.

Almost all the Indian chinese recipes are little time consuming in terms of
chopping the veggies. But this recipe is the QUICK. You just need to chop
little amount of ginger, garlic, green chili and celery, that’s it. So many
times for dinner, I make this paneer manchurian gravy and serve with plain
steamed rice. It is real quick fix.

**Check out other Indo Chinese recipes**  
Chilli Paneer Dry // Schezwan fried rice // Veg hot and sour soup // Sweet
corn veg soup

* * *

## How to make Paneer Manchurian Recipe (Step by Step Photos):

* * *

or Jump to Recipe

1) To prepare cornstarch slurry, take 1 tablespoon of corn flour in a small
bowl.

2) Add ½ cup of water, mix and remove lumps if any. Keep it aside, we need
this to make gravy later.  

3) Take 1 tablespoon corn flour and 1 tablespoon all purpose flour in a large
bowl. Add salt and pepper.

4) Now add around 2 tablespoons of water and make lump free thick yet runny
batter.  

5) Add paneer cubes into the same bowl.

6) Mix so the batter is evenly coated to the paneer pieces.  

7) Now heat 2 tablespoons of oil in a pan for shallow frying on medium heat.
Once hot arrange the paneer cubes in single layer. If needed fry in two
batches.

8) Once they are light golden brown and slightly crispy from bottom, flip them
and fry the other sides too. Do not over brown or over cook otherwise paneer
will get dry and chewy.  

9) Once cooked from all the sides, remove it to a paper towel lined plate.

10) Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon of oil in the same pan on medium heat.
Once hot add chopped ginger, garlic, green chili and celery.  

11) Mix and saute for few seconds. Do not let them burn.

12) Now add spring onion white and cook for a minute or two.  

13) Now add salt, pepper and red chili flakes.

14) Mix and cook for few seconds.  

15) Now add soy sauce.

16) Also add 1 cup of water to make gravy.  

17) Also add sugar. This is optional.

18) Mix well and let it come to a boil.  

19) Once starts boiling, add above prepared corn starch slurry. And let it
simmer for 2-3 minutes or till the gravy becomes thick.

20) Lastly add vinegar, mix.  

21) Then add fried paneer cubes and spring onion greens.

22) Mix well and it is ready to serve  

**_Serving suggestion:_** Serve Paneer manchurian gravy with steamed rice, veg
fried rice or mushroom fried rice. It can be served on side with any noodles
dish (Hakka noodles, veg chow mein).

Step by Step Photos AboveWant to make it perfect first time? Don't forget to
check out Step-by-Step photo instructions and helpful Tips & Tricks !!

Print Pin

## Paneer Manchurian Recipe (How to make Paneer Manchurian Gravy Recipe)

5 from 1 vote

Tried this recipe? Leave a comment and/or give ★ ratings

US measuring cups are used (1 cup = 240 ml)

Author: Kanan

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Indo Chinese

Calories: 466kcal

Servings 2 servings

Prep Time 10 minutes

Cook Time 15 minutes

Total Time 25 minutes

US measuring cups are used (1 cup = 240 ml) See details

### Ingredients  

1x2x3x

#### For fried paneer:

  * ▢ 100-125 grams Paneer cut into cubes
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon All purpose flour (Maida)
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Corn flour (corn starch)
  * ▢ Salt to taste
  * ▢ ⅛ teaspoon Black pepper powder
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons Water
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons Oil for shallow frying

#### For manchurian gravy:

  * ▢ 1 tablespoons Corn flour (corn starch)
  * ▢ ½ cup water to make slurry
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Oil
  * ▢ 2 teaspoon Ginger finely chopped or minced
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Garlic finely chopped or minced
  * ▢ 1 Green chili finely chopped
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Celery finely chopped
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons Spring onion (green onion or scallion) ,White part chopped
  * ▢ Salt to taste
  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon Black pepper powder or to taste
  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon Red chili flakes or to taste
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 cup Water
  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon Sugar optional
  * ▢ 1 ½ teaspoon white distilled vinegar
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons Spring onion (green onion or scallion) , Green part chopped

### Instructions

#### Preparation:

  * Finely chop the needed ingredients and keep them ready.

  * Also measure and keep the sauce and vinegar ready ahead of time.

  * To prepare cornstarch slurry, take 1 tablespoon of corn flour in a small bowl.

  * Add ½ cup of water, mix and remove lumps if any. Keep it aside, we need this to make gravy later.

#### Frying the paneer:

  * Take 1 tablespoon corn flour and 1 tablespoon all purpose flour in a large bowl.

  * Add salt and pepper.

  * Now add around 2 tablespoons of water and make lump free thick yet runny batter.

  * Add paneer cubes into the same bowl. Mix so the batter is evenly coated to the paneer pieces.

  * Now heat 2 tablespoons of oil in a pan for shallow frying on medium heat.

  * Once hot arrange the paneer cubes in single layer. If needed fry in two batches.

  * Once they are light golden brown and slightly crispy from bottom, flip them and fry the other sides too.

  * Once cooked from all the sides, remove it to a paper towel lined plate.

#### Making Paneer Manchurian Recipe

  * Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon of oil in the same pan on medium heat.

  * Once hot add chopped ginger, garlic, green chili and celery. Mix and saute for few seconds. Do not let them burn.

  * Now add spring onion white and cook for a minute or two.

  * Now add salt, pepper and red chili flakes. Mix and cook for few seconds.

  * Now add soy sauce, 1 cup of water and sugar. Addition of sugar is optional.

  * Mix well and let it come to a boil.

  * Once starts boiling, add above prepared corn starch slurry. And let it simmer for 2-3 minutes or till the gravy becomes thick.

  * Lastly add vinegar, mix.

  * Then add fried paneer cubes and spring onion greens.

  * Mix well and it is ready to serve

### Nutrition

Calories: 466kcal | Carbohydrates: 15.3g | Protein: 17g | Fat: 40.8g |
Saturated Fat: 15.2g | Cholesterol: 63mg | Sodium: 1124mg | Potassium: 117mg |
Fiber: 1.3g | Sugar: 1.2g

*Nutrition information is a rough estimate for 1 serving

Did you make this recipe?Snap a pic, mention @spice.up.the.curry or tag
#spiceupthecurry. I would love to see.

« Dahi Papdi Chaat Recipe

Veg Cutlet Recipe »

26 shares

  * Facebook
  * Pinterest26
  * WhatsApp

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Nilesh

March 19, 2017 at 11:41 am

Thanks for the recipe....:)

Reply

    * Kanan

March 20, 2017 at 9:47 am

You're welcome

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi, I'm Kanan Patel**. I share easy, delicious vegetarian recipes (mostly
Indian) and Eggless baking recipes that you can sure count on!

More about me →

### Indian Spice Box

### Top Recipes

  * Eggless Chocolate Chip Cookies

  * World’s BEST Eggless Brownies

  * Punjabi Shahi Paneer (Restaurant Style)

  * Chipotle Sauce

  * Eggless Banana Muffins Recipe

  * Frankie Recipe (Bombay Veg Frankie Roll)

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * About Kanan
  * Privacy Policy
  * Disclosure
  * Accessibility Policy
  * Nutrition Disclaimer

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates. Plus get a bonus cooking tips!

### Resources

  * Conversion Chart
  * Glossary
  * Recipe Index
  * Contact

### As Featured In

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2022 Spice Up The Curry

