https://masalachilli.com/vegetables-in-hot-garlic-sauce-indo-chinese-gravy-recipe/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

Masalachilli

  * Home
  * About Me
  * All Recipes
  * Contact us
  * Search

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * About Me
  * All Recipes
  * Contact us

×

Home » Chinese Recipes » Mixed Vegetables in Hot Garlic Sauce (Indo Chinese
Gravy)

# Mixed Vegetables in Hot Garlic Sauce (Indo Chinese Gravy)

By Vidya Narayan | September 7, 2020 | Last Updated: September 7, 2020

53 shares

  *   *   * 53
  *   * 

Jump to RecipePrint Recipe

If you are looking for recipes to entertain guests or surprise family with an
Indo Chinese Feast, this is a must try Indo Chinese Gravy recipe with mixed
vegetables in a hot and spicy Garlic sauce. Can be served with Fried Rice and
Noodles. Simply Delicious and easy to put together.

Looking for a spicy **Indo Chinese Gravy Recipe for fried rice and noodles**?
Try this delicious hot and spicy **Mixed Vegetables in Hot Garlic Sauce**.
This Indo Chinese or Asian inspired spicy, sour and delicious gravy is made
with loads of garlic and select sauces and tastes best on a bed of fried rice
or noodles.

I made this killer gravy recipe to serve with **VEGETABLE FRIED RICE** for our
weekend lunch. As mentioned in the post, my husband is a huge fan of Indo
Chinese and since he did not want any paneer gravy for the rice, I opted for a
mixed veg gravy instead.

**Vegetables in Hot Garlic Sauce** \- As the name suggests, **this gravy is
loaded with fresh garlic**. It is quite a basic recipe and can be **made in
under 30 minutes** if you have all the ingredients ready. So, lets take a look
at the list of ingredients below.

**Here is what you need to make the Gravy!**

**Mixed Vegetables** \- I have used **Capsicum (Green Bell Pepper), Mushrooms,
Baby Corn and Onions.**

You can add red and yellow bell pepper, zucchini, broccoli etc too. Basically
add a mix of vegetables that are available in your refrigerator.

Like I mentioned, this is the most basic gravy recipe and you can make do with
just couple of vegetables too.

**You can also add Paneer (Indian Cottage cheese) or for a Vegan version, go
with Tofu.**

**Garlic** \- Around 3 tbsp of finely chopped garlic. It might seem a lot of
garlic but trust me when the final gravy comes together, you won't regret it!

**Ginger** (finely chopped)

**Spring Onions or Scallions**

**Condiments** \- **Soy Sauce (Dark Soy), Green Chilli Sauce, Sriracha Sauce**
(because it is garlicky in flavor and tastes so good with this gravy) and
**Tomato Ketchup** for the tang and wee bit of sweetness.

I have also used **green chillies** (because the gravy is hot and spicy),
**salt, pepper and neutral flavor oil**. (Avocado, Sunflower, Rice Bran Oil,
Olive Oil are all great options).

**Corn Flour + Water** \- Slurry is used to thicken the gravy.

As I mentioned earlier, the recipe is quite easy to put together and most of
the ingredients would be available in your refrigerator and/or pantry.

This Asian inspired gravy would be great to serve when hosting dinner parties
and/or celebrating an occasion at home. Let us check out the detailed steps to
make this recipe.

Okay, before I begin explaining the process of cooking, here are some tips
that you need to follow for the recipe prep-work.

**Top Tips to Nail this recipe!**

  * Chop your **vegetables in big chunks and in uniform size**. A lot of this would depend on what vegetables you choose to use for the gravy. 
  * **For Eg** \- Mushrooms cook quickly so ensure the slices are thicker. 
  * Baby Corn can be chopped in 1" (inch) length.
  * Capsicum and Onions can be diced into big cubes. 
  * Uniform chopping of ingredients ensures even cooking. Always remember, the **vegetables should have a bite** once they are cooked and this cuisine absolutely does not allow the vegetables to turn limp and mushy so **do not overcook**. 
  * Onion, Garlic and Green Chillies have to be finely chopped - Use a good knife and /or a food processor. **No ready ginger garlic Paste is recommended**.

## Step by Step Vegetables in Hot Garlic Sauce Recipe

Heat a wok or thick bottom kadhai / pan, add oil. Now add finely chopped
garlic, ginger, green chilli and spring onions. Saute well until the
ingredients have no raw smell.

Now add the chopped mixed vegetables.

Sprinkle salt to taste and black pepper powder. Saute for a couple of minutes
until the vegetables have cooked slightly.

Add the condiments - soy sauce, sriracha sauce, tomato ketchup and green
chilli sauce.

The sauces should coat the vegetables well (as seen below).

Now add water, allow it to reach a boil. (You can replace plain water with
stock)

This is also a good time to check for seasoning and add extra if required.
Ensure the flame is on medium heat.

In the meanwhile, make a slurry using 2 tsps of cornflour with 1/2 cup of
water. Mix well and add it to the gravy.

Once the gravy has thickened. Switch off the flame, add finely chopped spring
onion greens and serve with fried rice or noodles.

**Recipe Notes -**

  * This gravy stays fresh in the refrigerator for couple of days. **Can be reheated in the microwave**. 
  * I have used 2 tsps of cornflour as we don't prefer very thick gravy. You can add extra if you like. **Use lukewarm water to make the cornflour slurry**. **Always mix once before adding because the flour settles at the bottom**. 
  * Ensure the heat is medium when adding the cornflour + water mixture.
  * Use White pepper powder instead of black pepper powder, if you prefer. 
  * The quantities of condiments / sauces can be adjusted according to your preference. 
  * Do not add ginger garlic paste to such recipes. Finely chopped garlic and ginger is the best. The bite of these ingredients add to the flavor. 

## Mixed Vegetables in Hot Garlic Sauce (Indo Chinese Gravy)

Vidya Narayan

Delicious, hot and spicy **Mixed Vegetables in Hot Garlic Sauce**. This Indo
Chinese or Asian inspired spicy, sour and delicious gravy is made with loads
of garlic and select condiments and tastes best when served with fried rice or
noodles.

5 from 1 vote

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 20 mins

Cook Time 20 mins

Total Time 40 mins

Course Main Course, Side Dish

Cuisine Chinese, indo Chinese

Servings 3 people

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * 3 cups Mixed Vegetables (Mushrooms, Baby Corn, Onions, Capsicum) 1 cup is 250 ml measurement
  * 3 tbsp Garlic (finely chopped) 1 tbsp is 15 ml measurement 
  * 1 tbsp Ginger (finely chopped)
  * 1/4 cup Spring Onions (finely chopped)
  * 2 nos. Green Chillies (finely chopped)
  * 1 & 1/2 tsp Dark Soy Sauce 1 tsp is 5 ml measurement 
  * 1 tsp Green Chilli size 
  * 3 tbsp Sriracha Sauce 
  * 1 tbsp Tomato Ketchup
  * 1/4 tsp Black Pepper Powder
  * 2 tsp Cornflour 
  * 2 tbsp Oil  Use any neutral oil 
  * 2 &1/2 cups Water  Use 2 cups for cooking & 1/2 cup for cornflour slurry
  * Salt to taste 

### Instructions



  * Heat a wok or thick bottom kadhai / pan, add oil. Now add finely chopped garlic, ginger, green chilli and spring onions. Saute well until the ingredients have no raw smell. 

  * Now add the chopped mixed vegetables. 

  * Sprinkle salt to taste and black pepper powder. Saute for a couple of minutes until the vegetables have cooked slightly. 

  * Add the condiments - soy sauce, sriracha sauce, tomato ketchup and green chilli sauce. The sauces should coat the vegetables well. 

  * Now add water, allow it to reach a boil. (You can use stock instead of water)

  * In the meanwhile, make a slurry using 2 tsps of cornflour with 1/2 cup of water. Mix well and add it to the gravy. 

  * The gravy would thicken. Check for seasoning and add extra if required. Ensure the flame is on medium heat. 

  * Once the gravy has thickened. Switch off the flame, add finely chopped spring onion greens and serve with fried rice or noodles. 

### Notes

  * This gravy stays fresh in the refrigerator for couple of days. Can be reheated in the microwave.
  * I have used 2 tsps of cornflour as we don't prefer very thick gravy. You can add extra if you like. Use lukewarm water to make the cornflour slurry. Always mix once before adding because the flour settles at the bottom.
  * Ensure the heat is medium when adding the cornflour + water mixture.
  * Use White pepper powder instead of black pepper powder, if you prefer.
  * The quantities of condiments / sauces can be adjusted according to your preference.
  * Do not add ginger garlic paste to such recipes. Finely chopped garlic and ginger is the best. The bite of these ingredients add to the flavor.

Keyword gravy for fried rice, indo chinese recipes, vegetables in hot garlic
sauce

Tried this recipe?Share your feedback @masalachilli_vidyanarayan or tag
#masalachilli_vidyanarayan

**Tried this recipe?**  Share it with us! Take a picture and share it via
email on  **[email protected] **or you could  **TAG US  **on any of our social
media handles **  – INSTAGRAM, TWITTER, FACEBOOK PAGE AND PINTEREST.**

Help us Grow! Share the recipe with your family and friends.. Encourage
everyone around you to cook at home.

You can also subscribe to our website to receive all the delicious recipes in
your mail box.

We will be back again with yet another exciting recipe .. Until then, stay
healthy and happy!

**Vidya Narayan**

« Vazhaipoo Kootu (Banana Flower Kootu Recipe)

Buckwheat Crackers - Easy Gluten Free Vegan Snack »

53 shares

  *   *   * 53
  *   * 

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Vijaya

September 11, 2020 at 7:02 am

Made the sauce today for my veggie Manchurian. It came out good. Thanks for
the recipe.

Reply

    * Vidya Narayan

September 24, 2020 at 10:27 am

thank you for sharing your feedback.

Reply

  2. Rashmi

February 10, 2021 at 6:15 pm

  
The recipe is so simple and so yummy!! Loved it

Reply

    * Vidya Narayan

February 15, 2021 at 5:38 am

Hi Rashmi,  
I am so glad you loved it. Thank you for sharing your feedback. Do try the
fried rice as well next time. Cheers!

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

### Welcome

Hi Everyone, I am Vidya Narayan & Welcome to my blog MasalaChilli. Born in a
Traditional Palakkad Iyer (South Indian) Family with strong value systems to
an exceptionally strong and independent Single Mom, spent most of my childhood
studying well (as most Iyer girls do). Read More

### Subscribe

Fresh & yummy veg recipes straight into your inbox!

### Search

Search

### Popular Recipes

  * Chana Masala (Easy Indian Chickpea Curry)
  * Oats Chilla (Easy Indian Breakfast Recipe with Oats )
  * Jeera Rice | Indian Cumin Rice (Instant Pot + Stove Top)
  * Aadi Masam Recipes - Significance of Festival and Important Days
  * Kale Potato Sabzi (Stir Fried Kale and Potato)
  * Revitalizing Pineapple Ginger Smoothie
  * Moong Dal Recipe (Instant Pot)
  * Chickpea Salad Recipe (No Oil, Vegan)
  * Instant Pot Chickpeas (Soft and Buttery)
  * Instant Pot Chana Dal Recipe (Split Chickpeas)

### Browse

Browse Select Category Accompaniments After School Snack Recipes Air Fryer
Recipes Baking Recipes Beverages Breads Breakfast Ideas Chaat Recipes Chinese
Recipes Chutney / Podi Recipes Condiments Cookies Desserts / Sweets Diabetic
Friendly Recipes Dinner Recipes Drinks Eggless Cake Festival Recipes    Aadi
Masam Recipes    Avani Avittam Recipes    Christmas    Diwali Recipes
Fasting Recipes    Ganesh Chaturthi Recipes    Holi    Krishna Jayanti /
Gokulashtami Recipes    Navaratri Recipes    Onam    Prasad Recipes    Ram
Navami Recipes    Vishu Flatbreads Gluten Free Recipes Gujarati Recipes
Healthy Desserts Healthy, Low Oil & Diabetic Recipes Homemade Masala Recipes
Indian Breads Indian Regional Cuisine    Kerala Recipes    Maharashtrian
Recipes    North Indian Recipes    Palakkad Recipes    Punjabi Recipes
Tamil Nadu Recipes Indian Vegetarian    Curries & Gravies    Dal / Kadhi
Instant Pot Recipes International Recipes Italian Recipes Jams, Preserves,
Relish Kids Recipes Low Oil Recipes Low-calorie recipes Lunch Box Recipes Main
Course Millet Recipes No Onion No Garlic Recipe Oats Recipe Paneer Recipe
Paratha Recipes Pegan Pickles Potato Recipes Pulses and Legumes Raitas & Dips
Recipes under 30 minutes Rice Varieties Sabzi or Dry Vegetable Salads Side
Dish Snacks & Appetizers Soup Recipes South Indian Recipes SPL. HEALTH MEAL
PLANS Sugar free recipes Summer Recipes Travel Diaries Travel Recipes Vegan
Recipes Vegetables & Stir Fries Winter Recipes

### Featured In

## Footer

### About

  * Privacy Policy
  * Affiliate Disclosure
  * Disclaimer
  * Terms of Use
  * Contact Us

### Subscribe

### Follow Us

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * LinkedIn
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and
written permission from this site’s author and/or owner is strictly
prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear
credit is given to Vidya Narayan and Masalachilli with appropriate and
specific direction to the original content.

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

x

### Subscribe to our newsletter!

Join our mailing list to stay updated with latest healthy & tasty vegetarian
recipes!

Copyright (C) 2022 * Masala Chilli * Set up by Kaushik

  *   *   * 53
  *   * 

53 shares

