https://veganpunks.com/noodles-with-gravy-rad-na/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Recipes
  * Resources
  * About us
  * Work with us
  *     * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest

  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Recipes
  * Resources
  * About us
  * Work with us

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

×

Home » Recipes » Thai

# Noodles with Gravy (Rad Na)

Published: Apr 10, 2020 by Vegan Punks · Modified: Jul 11, 2020 · This post
may contain affiliate links

 __Share 13

 __Pin 77

90 Shares

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

Thai style noodles with gravy, or **Rad Na** noodles, is a simple, quick yet
delicious stir fry! It will take 20 minutes to make, and it wouldn’t be
surprising if it became a weekly staple in your kitchen. It certainly is at
Vegan Punks HQ!

Noodles with gravy takes just 20 minutes to make and is totally delicious.

We first stumbled across this Thai stir fry when we were in Thailand on 2017
on our backpacker honeymoon. However, we never thought to make it at home
until 2 years later, after returning to Thailand for a holiday.
Coincidentally, that was the holiday where we decided we wanted to live a bit
differently, quit our jobs and earn independently of a 9 to 5 job (more on
that in our About Us section though!).

We were on Koh Phangan and it was approaching the end of the rainy season, but
it was still raining quite a lot (it tends to rain most places that we go, yes
– even our wedding day!). I remember that we were staying at the Santhiya
Resort alongside the Thong Nai Pan beach, and it was a really relaxing few
days.

It turned out that the hotel had an entire vegan menu, including vegan rad na
noodles, with plenty of veggies. We were in total vegan heaven! Now, whenever
we make Thai noodles with gravy, it always reminds me of this holiday, sitting
next to our pool in the boiling hot sunshine and eating them! Anyway, I’ve
digressed into food related memories, I’ll focus back on the recipe at hand...

## This Rad Na recipe is:

Tasty  
Filling  
Hot  
Quick  
Delicious

If you like Thai style stir fries, you may also like to try these recipes:

  * Easy Vegan Pad Thai

  * Thai Basil Tofu Stir Fry

  * Thai Morning Glory Stir Fry

We’ve also written a comprehensive guide to cooking vegan Thai food – check
that out for more useful information!

## What are Rad Na noodles?

Rad Na, or noodles with gravy, is a Thai stir fry that comprises noodles,
veggies and a thick gravy sauce along with a good helping of white pepper.
Usually it's made with non-vegan broth but we’ve used veggie stock to make
sure it’s plant based. It also uses cornflour (or cornstarch) to thicken the
sauce. Alternatively, you could use vegan chicken stock, which we would highly
recommend.

**Top tip:** when using cornflour (or cornstarch) make sure to dilute the
powder with 2-3 tablespoons of water and mix well with a fork. That way it
will combine well with the sauce in the wok. If you sprinkle the cornstarch
directly into the wok, it will clump together and the sauce won’t thicken
much. We’ve learned from experience – don’t make the same mistake as us!

Cornflour helps to thicken the Thai gravy sauce.

When it comes to vegetables, you can often use whatever you have on hand,
however we particularly love mushrooms and pak choi in this dish! You could
also add kale, which we have done in the past and loved it. It’s traditional
to use Chinese broccoli in this dish, but it’s not easy to come by in our part
of the world, so we stick to things we can get more easily.

## How to make noodles with gravy

These are all of the cupboard ingredients you'll need to make this vegan Rad
Na recipe.

You just need 12 ingredients and about 20 minutes!

The fresh ingredients you will need are:

Mushrooms  
Carrots  
Pak Choi  
Broccoli  
Garlic  
Chilli to garnish (optional)

However, as with a lot of stir fries, feel free to throw in the vegetables you
have in the fridge!

The cupboard ingredients you will need are:

**Stock** – the vegan chicken stock that we use adds a herby ‘chicken-y’
flavour, that you just can’t get from vegetable stock, so we would recommend
trying it.

**Cornflour** (or cornstarch) – this acts as the thickening agent, otherwise
the stir fry would be more like a soup, which we wouldn’t want! In this
recipe, the cornflour must be mixed with a quarter cup of water. This will
stop the cornflour from clumping up in the pan.

**White Pepper** – this really is the key ingredient to the flavour of the
stir fry. Without it, the flavours wouldn’t balance out, and it would be just
a bit ‘meh’!

**Soy Sauce** – as with most Thai dishes, using soy sauce adds the umami
flavour that plain old salt just can’t do.

**Yellow Bean Paste (or White Miso)** – both made from fermented soy beans,
they add a depth of flavour.

**Flat Rice Noodles** – sometimes called Pad Thai noodles, these are also key.
Traditionally, wide flat noodles would be used. We looked in Asian
supermarkets and online and just couldn’t find the traditional wide noodles.
If you can find flat wide noodles, sub out the thin rice noodles for them!
Just be sure to stay away from vermicelli noodles for this one, it wouldn’t be
bad with them, it just isn’t ideal.

Serve with chopped red chilli, if you like it hot!

### Thai noodles with gravy in just 8 steps!

Once the vegetables are chopped, it's just a case of throwing it all in the
wok and cooking over a high heat. Start with the garlic and mushrooms, and
gradually add the broccoli and carrots. Then add the stock, bean (or miso)
paste and cornflour mixture. It should thicken up after a few minutes and with
some stirring. After that, just add soy sauce, white pepper and pak choi in
for about one minute to let it wilt, and serve with the cooked flat rice
noodles.

Traditionally, noodles are soaked in hot water and then stir fried in a hot
wok with dark soy sauce. Then the gravy would be poured over the noodles.
However, soaking the noodles and serving the veggies in the Thai gravy on top
seems quicker to us, and it doesn’t sacrifice flavour.

We hope this video will help when making this recipe:

Yummy Rad Na noodles in just 20 minutes!

## What is Thai gravy sauce?

Don’t get Thai gravy sauce confused with the types of gravy that we know and
love in the west! Thai gravy tends to be made from stock, soy sauce and
cornflour. And I’ve never seen it sold in granulated form, like Bisto!

However, even though Thai gravy sauce tends to be a sauce for noodles, and
western gravy tends to be served on roast dinners, there are still some
similarities.

Western gravy tends to be an unappetising brown colour, as does Thai gravy.

They’re both a delicious, silky, savoury sauce.

Both are sauces that will be suitable for children to try. A lot of Thai foods
tend to be spicy, which generally aren’t suitable for children, but this one
isn’t spicy at all. If serving for children, only add a little white pepper,
in case it makes the dish too hot, rather than spicy.

## How to make Rad Na noodles vegan

So, we’ve covered off the issue of what stock to use. Usually meat broth would
be used but vegan chicken broth or veggie stock is just as good.

Usually made with animal protein, it simply isn’t needed in this recipe. We’ve
used mushrooms as the main protein in this dish, but you could use tofu,
tempeh or your favourite plant-based meat replacement. That’s about it. As an
FYI, dairy isn’t used much in Thai cooking at all, so it’s not often that you
will need to use a dairy replacement, and especially not in stir fries!

## Where does this dish come from?

So, we’ve covered that noodles with gravy (or Rad Na) comes from Thailand,
which is where we first tried it. However, there is another dish called Rat Na
that was initially cooked in top restaurants in China.

The recipe became popular in the Chaoshan region. People from that area
gradually started selling it to working people in Thailand. From there it
became super popular in Thailand, where variations on the original recipe came
about.

In the Chinese recipe, it wasn’t extremely saucy but in Thailand more sauce
was used, and it was served with a banana leaf on top. There’s a random
history of food fact for you!

## Rad na, Rat Na or Lard Na?

Rad Na translates as ‘topping’ so basically the gravy sauce is the topping for
the noodles. However, there are numerous names for this dish. Rat Na and Rad
Na, is just a difference in pronunciation, as far as we can tell there’s no
right or wrong spelling with the translation. Rat Na or Rad Na are both
generally accepted as the name of this recipe.  
  
Lard Na, on the other hand, is a Lao-Chinese dish that is very similar to
noodles with gravy sauce. Essentially, it’s exactly the same as Rad Na
noodles, only it's the version of the recipe that was made famous when Chinese
people served it as street food in Laos. It’s served with the same vegetables
(Chinese broccoli, traditionally) and a protein.

Did you make this recipe? Leave a review and a rating below, or tag us in your
photos on Instagram! Alternatively, bookmark it in your browser or save to
Pinterest for later.  
  
If you love our content, please consider supporting it by buying us a coffee.

## Noodles with Gravy (Rad Na)

Thai style noodles with gravy, or Rad Na noodles, is a simple, quick yet
delicious stir fry! It will take 20 minutes to make and you can mix up the
veggies depending on what you have to hand. Enjoy!

5 from 2 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Dinner

Cuisine: Thai

Prep Time: 10 minutes

Cook Time: 10 minutes

Total Time: 20 minutes

Servings: 4

Calories: 309kcal

Author: Jess & Dan

### Ingredients

Metric \- US Customary

  * ▢ 200 g flat rice noodles ⁠
  * ▢ 1 tsp vegetable oil
  * ▢ 3 cloves garlic  – crushed
  * ▢ 2 carrots  – sliced into chunks
  * ▢ 500 g mushrooms  – chopped into quarters⁠⁠
  * ▢ 150 g broccoli⁠ – chopped
  * ▢ 150 g pak choi
  * ▢ 2 tbsp yellow bean paste  or white miso paste
  * ▢ 850 ml vegetable stock⁠
  * ▢ 4 tbsp cornflour  & ¼ cup water mixed together⁠
  * ▢ ¼ tsp white pepper⁠
  * ▢ 1 ½ tbsp light soy sauce⁠
  * ▢ Chopped red chilli to garnish optional⁠

### Instructions

  * Soaking the noodles in hot water for ten minutes.

200 g flat rice noodles ⁠

  * In a wok, heat the oil and then add the garlic over a medium heat for 30 seconds – careful it doesn't burn.

3 cloves garlic, 1 tsp vegetable oil

  * Add in the mushrooms, carrots and broccoli, then stir fry for a few minutes more.

2 carrots, 500 g mushrooms, 150 g broccoli⁠

  * Pour in the veggie stock and yellow bean paste (or white miso) once the mushrooms start to release liquid.

850 ml vegetable stock⁠, 2 tbsp yellow bean paste

  * Stir in the cornflour and water mixture, and watch as the sauce thickens.

4 tbsp cornflour

  * Pop in the soy sauce and white pepper and stir well, cook for a maximum of 5 minutes.

1 ½ tbsp light soy sauce⁠, ¼ tsp white pepper⁠

  * Stir through the pak choi and wilt for one minute.⁠

150 g pak choi

  * Mix the noodles through the sauce and serve with chopped chilli (if using), or alternatively, chilli flakes work well too.

Chopped red chilli to garnish

### Nutrition

Calories: 309kcal | Carbohydrates: 64g | Protein: 9g | Fat: 2g | Saturated
Fat: 1g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 1g | Monounsaturated Fat: 1g | Sodium: 1591mg |
Potassium: 765mg | Fiber: 5g | Sugar: 6g | Vitamin A: 7012IU | Vitamin C: 55mg
| Calcium: 90mg | Iron: 2mg

Tried this recipe? Tag us today!Mention @vegan_punks or tag #veganpunks!

__Share 13

 __Pin 77

90 Shares

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. King Davis

July 11, 2022 at 2:24 am

  
Yummy!!! Thank you 🙏🏾

Reply

    * Jess & Dan

July 11, 2022 at 12:02 pm

Yay, so glad you enjoyed it! Jess 💚

Reply

  2. Kevin

April 15, 2020 at 7:22 am

  
LUSH!

Reply

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

Hey there! Thanks for checking out Vegan Punks. We're Dan and Jess – a husband
and wife team who love creating and sharing vegan recipes. We draw on our
experiences of travelling the world and learning about different cuisines.
That's why you'll find plant-based versions of traditional dishes from all
around the globe on our blog. And, of course, all with a pinch of punk
attitude.

More about us →

* * *

* * *

* * *

## Seasonal Recipes

  * Fried Jackfruit Wings with Vegan Buffalo Sauce

  * Air Fryer Corn Ribs (Oven Option & How To Cut)

  * Creamy Vegan Cashew Caesar Dressing

  * 9 Ingredient Balinese Urab Sayur

  * Vegan Mexican Salad Bowl with Avocado

  * Creamy Vegetable Pasanda

* * *

## Popular Recipes

  * Thai Vegetable Stir Fry in 15 minutes

  * Brinjal Bhaji in 45 minutes

  * Thai Morning Glory Stir Fry

  * 31+ Best Tinned Jackfruit Recipes

  * Roasted Aubergine and Cauliflower Curry (Easy)

  * Easy 3 Ingredient Vegan Roti

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * Privacy Policy
  * Accessibility Statement
  * Affiliate Disclaimer
  * Terms of Service

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates

### Contact

  * About Us
  * Contact Us
  * Work With Us

Vegan Punks is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an
affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn
advertising fees by advertising & linking to Amazon.com.

Copyright © 2022 **Vegan Punks** ®

