https://www.indianhealthyrecipes.com/veg-noodles-recipe/


Skip to content

Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About

Search

Toggle Menu

Search

# Veg Noodles Recipe | Vegetable Noodles

Home >> Recipes >> Indo-Chinese Recipes

Byswasthi

43 Comments

__WhatsApp

 __Share 4K

 __Pin 985

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

5K Shares

Veg noodles aka Vegetable noodles is an easy to make **Indo-Chinese dish**
that serves as a quick dinner or meal option. Made with noodles of choice,
some basic vegetables, a hint of black pepper and your favorite sauce, this
vegetable noodle dish is flavor disguised in simplicity. It's a complete meal
and you won't need any sides. But these saucy **Chilli Paneer** , **Gobi
Manchurian** , **Paneer Manchurian** & **Vegetable Manchurian** make great
sides.

* * *

Noodle and vegetable or meat combos are popular across the world, so much.
They have become comfort food for many. Serve a plate of steaming hot noodles
straight from the wok, and you have big fat smiles all around the dinner
table.

## About Vegetable Noodles

Vegetable noodles is a healthy Chinese inspired dish where cooked noodles are
stir fried with lots of vegetables. Further the dish is seasoned with a splash
of sauces, vinegar and black pepper to up the taste and flavor.

The beauty of this dish is that there is no big ingredient list or long prep
work involved, except for cutting the mixed vegetables. This makes veg noodles
a perfect recipe option that working folks should have around for a busy
weeknight.

Best of all, you only need a single wok if you have precooked noodles.
Starting with frying the garlic & chili and ending with a splash of your
favorite sauces, you will be surprised at how delicious this bowl of vegetable
noodles tastes!

Plus the dish is nourishing, flavorful & so colorful, that even picky kids
will love to dig in.

Veggies like carrots, cabbage, bell peppers, green beans & zucchini go well
here. To make the dish wholesome, you can use wholegrain noodles and avoid the
refined flour stuff. Soba, Udon, Hakka, Ramen and even rice noodles go well in
this recipe.

### My Veg Noodles Recipe

Though this veg noodle recipe is inspired from the Indo-Chinese cuisine and is
much similar to the Hakka noodles, I love to make plenty of tweaks for my
boys.

This vegetable noodles is akin to a free form drawing. Make it yours by using
any combination of vegetables, noodles or sauces you like.

Given that you have noodles and vegetables added in, and a hint of fat from
the cooking oil, you have a complete meal. But you can always serve a paneer,
tofu or chili based Chinese side to elevate the dish.

**Don 't like soy sauce?**

Soya sauce adds an umami flavor to the vegetable noodles but stir frying the
dish in a carbon steel wok at high heat imparts a smoky aroma to the dish and
you may not notice that soya sauce is missing.

If you are on a low sodium diet and want to avoid soya sauce completely, you
may simply skip it. I have made this recipe without it for years for my young
kids. They have always loved it.

Alternately use Tamari for a gluten-free option or coconut aminos for a soya-
free option.

**How about Vinegar?**

A lot of Chinese restaurants use rice vinegar to impart a unique flavor.
However I love using Apple Cider vinegar here for a slightly tart and sweet
flavor.

**Which oil to use?**

A lot of Chinese noodles recipes use sesame oil. If you prefer that, make sure
you do not use the toasted sesame oil to stir fry the noodles. This kind of
oil is best added to the dish before finishing for flavor.

You may use any neutral cooking oil or something that suits your diet.

Advertisement

## How to Make Veg Noodles Recipe (Stepwise Photos)

### Boiling noodles

1\. Bring 5 cups water to a boil in a large pot to cook noodles. Once the
water begins to boil rapidly, drop the noodles and cook them al dente
following the instructions on your pack of noodles. I used organic soba
noodles (made of wheat flour & buck wheat flour) which calls for cooking for 4
minutes. Do not overcook as they turn mushy.

### Prepare the vegetables

2\. While the noodles cook rinse the veggies well under running water.

  * Quarter the cabbage and immerse it in a bowl of warm water. Leave it for a while and repeat a few times in a bowl of fresh cold water. Drain the water completely from the cabbage. Julienne the cabbage and keep it aside. Make sure cabbage is drained well. Excess moisture can make the veggies soggy.
  * Peel and julienne the carrots, bell pepper, green beans & zucchini (optional). 
  * Slice the green chilies and onions thin (optional).
  * I used about 2 heaped cups of cabbage, 3/4 cups of carrot, 1/4 cup of beans, 3/4 cup capsicum. You can use up to 3½ cups of mixed veggies. 

3\. When the noodles are cooked al dente, drain them to a colander. Rinse with
cold water. Spread 1 teaspoon oil all over the noodles.

### Fry Vegetables

4\. Before you begin to stir fry the vegetable, prepare the sauces by adding 1
tablespoon soya sauce, 1 teaspoon vinegar and 1 to 2 teaspoons hot sauce to a
small bowl. You won't have time to do it later. So keep it ready. For
substitutes check my notes below.

5\. Heat a wok or a pan. Add 2 tablespoons oil & heat on the highest flame.
Add 1 tablespoon chopped garlic & 1 to 2 slit green chilies. [I also use 1
strand of mace / javitri and star anise. These spices flavor up the noodles
and you can skip the sauces.]

6\. Fry the garlic until it smells good, just for a minute. Make sure you use
enough green chilies for the heat if you do not prefer to use any hot sauce
else the noodles will be very bland.

7\. I skipped onions. If you are using toss them for a minute or 2. We want
the onions to be crunchy and not soft. Next add all the veggies.

8\. Fry stirring often for 2 to 3 minutes. Do not over cook, we want the
veggies to be crunchy and not soggy or soft.

Advertisement

### Make Vegetable Noodles

Remember the flame/ heat has to be at the highest so the noodles will have a
smoky aroma.

9\. Add the cooked noodles, ¼ teaspoon salt & ½ teaspoon black pepper. Pour
soya sauce, hot sauce and vinegar around the pan. I skipped the sauces and
just drizzled some apple cider vinegar. Optionally you may add 1 teaspoon
toasted sesame oil for flavor if you prefer. Add salt with caution since the
sauces have some salt in it.

10\. Toss or mix and stir fry for 2 mins without burning. Turn off the heat.

I made some fried eggs in the same pan. Transfer the noodles to serving
plates. Add 2 tsp oil to the hot pan. Just pour your egg on the hot pan and
cook on a low heat until the yolk is almost set. Turn it to the otherside and
cook until done. Sprinkle some salt and pepper. For step by step photos, you
can check this post on fried eggs. Serve vegetable noodles hot or warm.

Advertisement

## Ingredients & Substitutes

**Noodles** : For this recipe you can use any kind of noodles like whole
grain, hakka noodles, egg noodles, soba noodles etc. I have used soba noodles
here.

**High flam** e is the main factor that imparts a smoky aroma to the Chinese
dishes. So just like any other Chinese dishes the vegetable noodles have to be
prepared on a high flame.

**Wok** : Most Chinese restaurants use a wok made of carbon steel which also
helps to fry the food imparting a smoky aroma. A heavy bottom pan or a bare
cast iron skillet also works well for home preparations. If using bare cast
iron cookware, don't pour vinegar on the pan, instead pour it over the
noodles.

**Soya sauce** is the key ingredient used to make any Chinese noodles to get a
umami taste. Choose organic or naturally brewed soya sauce for health reasons.
You can also use tamari or coconut aminos. You can also skip all of these,
just use the right amount of oil, salt and green chilies.

**Other sauce** : I have not used any kind of sauce here, but you can simply
add your favorite sauce like chilli sauce, schezwan sauce or sriracha. You can
also skip all the sauces and just add a single strand of mace and a star anise
along with garlic. These impart a wonderful aroma to the vegetable noodles.

## Pro Tips

  * Always bring water to a rolling boil before adding the noodles to the water.
  * Use salt and oil only if mentioned on the pack. Some kind of noodles do not require both as they are already salted.
  * Cook the noodle al dente without making them mushy. Please follow the instructions on the pack for cook time of the noodles. The cook time varies depending on the kind of noodles.
  * Once the noodles are drained to the colander, rinse them well under cold water. Please check the pack of your noodles. Some kind of noodles turn limpy when put under cold water. So they should not be rinsed.
  * You can also smear 1 tbsp oil to the cooked noodles to prevent them from turning sticky.

More noodles recipes  
 **Chicken noodles  
Hakka noodles  
Chilli garlic noodles  
Spicy schezwan noodles  
Egg noodles**

**Related Recipes**

### Gobi Manchurian R...

### Chilli Paneer Rec...

### Hakka Noodles Rec...

### Egg Fried Noodles

### Chilli Garlic Noo...

### Chicken Noodles R...

## Recipe Card

Advertisement

## Veg Noodles Recipe | Vegetable Noodles

Super quick & delicious veg noodles made with lots of fresh vegetables, It's a
complete meal but is great to have some sides like Chilli Paneer, Gobi
Manchurian or Vegetable Manchurian.

Pin Recipe Print Recipe

1x2x3x

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

For best results follow the step-by-step photos above the recipe card

Prep Time8 minutes

Cook Time7 minutes

Total Time15 minutes

Servings2

AuthorSwasthi

### Ingredients (US cup = 240ml )

  * ▢ 150 grams noodles (2 servings)
  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon salt (adjust to taste)
  * ▢ 2 to 3 tablespoons cooking oil
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon garlic chopped
  * ▢ 1 to 3 green chili  slit (adjust to taste)
  * ▢ 1 small onion sliced or 3 tbsp spring onions (optional)
  * ▢ 3 cups mixed veggies julienned (cabbage, carrots, bell pepper, green beans)
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon black pepper  crushed (powder)

#### Sauce

  * ▢ 1 tablespoon soya sauce (or Tamari/ coconut aminos/ star anise & 1 strand mace)
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon rice vinegar (or 1 tbsp apple cider vinegar or lemon juice)
  * ▢ 1 to 2 teaspoon hot sauce (like chilli sauce or sriracha or any other)

Advertisement

### Instructions

#### Cooking noodles

  * ▢

Bring 5 cups water to a rolling boil. Add the noodles and cook them al dente
and not mushy.

  * ▢

They should be cooked just until done & not overcooked. Follow the
instructions on the pack for cook time.  When they are done, drain them to a
colander.

  * ▢

Rinse them well under running cold water. Sprinkle 1 tsp oil and spread it all
over the noodles. This prevents them from drying out and becoming lumpy. Set
aside.

#### Prepare Vegetables

  * ▢

While the noodles cook, prepare the veggies & garlic.

  * ▢

Rinse all the vegetables under running water. Peel the carrots and julienne
all the vegetables as thin as possible (refer step by step pictures)

  * ▢

To a small bowl, add all the sauces you prefer to use along with your choice
of vinegar. Keep this near to your stove.

#### Making veg noodles

  * ▢

Pour oil to a hot wok and spread the oil all over the wok. Regulate the flame
to medium high.

  * ▢

Add garlic and green chilies. Stir fry for 30 seconds and add onions
(optional). If using spring onions, add only the white portions.

  * ▢

Fry them for a minute only we don't want soft onions. Add all the veggies -
carrots, bell pepper, green beans & cabbage.

  * ▢

Toss & stir fry on the highest flame/heat for 2 to 3 mins until they are half
done yet crunchy. Do not over cook the veggies.

  * ▢

Add cooked noodles, pepper and salt. Pour all the sauces around the sides of
the wok/pan.

  * ▢

Toss and stir fry for 2 mins. Serve veg noodles hot or warm.

Advertisement

### Notes

  * Soya sauce: Substitute soya sauce with tamari for a gluten-free option and coconut aminos for a soya-free option. If you want to avoid all of these you may add a star anise and strand of mace to the tempering just before garlic. This infuses some magical flavors to your noodles.
  * Vinegar adds a tang to your noodles. Rice vinegar is commonly used in Indo-Chinese cooking. However you may replace with apple cider vinegar or lemon juice.
  * You can skip the hot sauce, if you use hot green chilies.
  * You can skip all sauces and vinegar in the recipe if you are using a carbon steel or bare cast iron wok. Make sure you stir fry the noodles on a high flame which imparts a slightly smoky flavor to the dish.

Alternative quantities provided in the recipe card are for 1x only, original
recipe.

For best results follow my detailed step-by-step photo instructions and tips
above the recipe card.

### NUTRITION INFO (estimation only)

Nutrition Facts

Veg Noodles Recipe | Vegetable Noodles

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 591 Calories from Fat 153

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 17g **26%**

Saturated Fat 1g **6%**

Trans Fat 1g

Polyunsaturated Fat 5g

Monounsaturated Fat 9g

 **Sodium** 1293mg **56%**

 **Potassium** 684mg **20%**

 **Carbohydrates** 98g **33%**

Fiber 14g **58%**

Sugar 2g **2%**

 **Protein** 18g **36%**

**Vitamin A** 14070IU **281%**

 **Vitamin C** 37mg **45%**

 **Calcium** 89mg **9%**

 **Iron** 3mg **17%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Tried this recipe?Mention @SwasthisRecipes or tag #swasthisrecipes!

(C) Swasthi's Recipes

__WhatsApp

 __Share 4K

 __Pin 985

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

5K Shares

**FOR MORE RECIPES**

Please leave this field empty

Enter & Confirm eMail ID for Swasthi's Recipes Newsletter *

Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.

  

Veg noodles recipe first published in May 2016. Updated and republished in
February 2022.

## Post navigation

Previous Previous

Kadai Mushroom Recipe

NextContinue

Corn Fried Rice

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

43 Comments

__Inline Feedbacks

View all comments

Mukta

Ms.Swasthi  
All your recipes are tasting perfect.I first tried your paneer butter masala
and it was the best I had tasted! I’ve tried your veg biryani, broken wheat
kichdi and many others.All come out really well and thank you for that. I keep
recommending people to just follow whatever you instruct for a yummy dish!  
Regards  
Mukta

Reply

Advertisement

Jim

I live in orlando, USA, but love my indian food.  
Your pictorial and explanations are my go to reciepes every time.  
Good work!  
Jim

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Jim

Hi Jim,  
Glad to know  
Thank you so much!

Reply

sowmya

can u tell me which vinegar to use

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   sowmya

You can use rice vinegar or apple vinegar

Reply

Tanusree

  
Excellent, it was.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Tanusree

Thanks Tanu

Reply

Pranjal Rajput

I totally loved it mam. The recipe is awesome and the way you explained is
great. Keep it up

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Pranjal Rajput

Thank you!  
Glad the recipe helped

Reply

Jagan Molleti

  
Tried veg noodles first time on my daughter's push. Came out quite well to my
expectation. Thank you for sharing!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Jagan Molleti

Glad to know!  
Thank you!

Reply

Anoushka

This was my first time making noodles!!! The recipe was so so helpful!!! Made
my introduction to cooking smooth!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Anoushka

Glad to know Anoushka

Reply

Advertisement

Navya

Hai Swasthi.  
I haven't tried making noodles at home except instant ones. Thank you for
helping me step out of my comfort zone. The recipe was indeed very wonderful.
The noodles turned out amazing even though I don't have your knife skills.
Thank you and Loads of Love.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Navya

Hi Navya,  
So glad to know! You are welcome.  
Thank you so much!

Reply

raj narayanan

  
dear swasthi, many thanks for your amazing recipe to prepare 'vegetable
noodles'. i have tasted vegetable noodles, on several occasions. mostly
'maggi'. i never had the confidence to try and prepare 'hakka' at home. i
tried it yesterday 17 january 2020. oh boy, was it tasty! awesome!! appreciate
your encouraging recipes. regards-raj

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   raj narayanan

Hi,  
You are welcome! Glad your noodles turned out awesome! Thank you!

Reply

Uma

Thank you so much for the wonderful recipes

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Uma

Welcome Uma!

Reply

Efenedo Adebisi

Very good

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Efenedo Adebisi

Thank you!

Reply

AMINA

maam you recipes are lovely i suggest you to open up a page on instagram

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   AMINA

Hi Amina,  
Thank you. I am already on instagram. But i am not active due to time
constraints.  
🙂

Reply

Sunita

  
Thanks so much Swasthi for your such good recipes ✌✌

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Sunita

Welcome Sunita

Reply

Advertisement

anita bhatt

pl tell me the brand of soba noodles

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   anita bhatt

Hi Anita  
The brand name is hakubaku - organic noodles

Reply

Bharati

  
The vegetable noodles recepie came out perfectly.my kids loved it. Without d
use of soy sauce. I used few drops of vinegar though.  
Regularly follow ur recipes..  
Simple and easy to make.ur step by step pics r of great help.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Bharati

Hey Bharati  
Thanks for following the blog. Glad to know they are useful.

Reply

Kavitha

  
Hi Swasthi,

Is there any substitute for the taste maker that is given in instant noodles
packet?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Kavitha

Kavitha  
I used to make my own taste maker before using onion powder, garlic powder and
few other ingredients. Later stopped them as they too are store bought and may
not be healthy. There is no replacement for tastemaker.

Reply

prishita

  
Hi Swati M not able to make whipped cream can u help me for that.& thanks for
pickle recipe it;s amazing

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   prishita

Hi Prishita  
I didnt get you. Are unable to get the consistency of whipped cream ? With
which cream did you try?  
Glad to know you liked the pickle

Reply

supriya

  
Hi swasthi I added some soya sauce and vinegar It tasted yummy ray and easy to
prepare . Just like resturant ray

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   supriya

Hi Supriya  
Thanks for sharing the outcome

Reply

Khenn

  
hi the recipe is so easy and yet so delicious!  
can i use any kind of noodles, cause i have maggie noodles and i dont like the
taste maker, can i make this recipe with the noodle cakes?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Khenn

Hi Khenn  
Yes You can use maggie noodles cake. Make sure you cook the noodles to al
dente

Reply

Advertisement

Sonica

Hi Swathi, thanks for this recipe, will try it for my lil one, could you pl
suggest a quicker way to chop the vegetables so finely?

Also Could you pl suggest some iron rich vegetarian recipes for a picky
toddler?

Thanks!

Sonica

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Sonica

Hi Sonica  
A food processor does the job. You can try beetroot pulao, methi rice, methi
paratha, spinach paratha, ragi recipes.  
Ragi works very well if consumed regularly. Please use the search button above
the title to locate the recipes. Hope this helps

Reply

Nina

  
wow, wonderful recipe. Turned out very very good

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Nina

Thanks Nina

Reply

Load Rest of Comments

Advertisement

Advertisement

(C) 2022 Swasthi's Recipes

Insert

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Popular RecipesExpand child menuExpand

    * Matar Paneer
    * Butter Chicken
    * Chana Masala
    * Dal Makhani
    * Gobi Manchurian
    * Chicken Tikka Masala
  * SocialExpand child menuExpand

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Twitter
    * Pinterest
    * Youtube

Toggle Menu Close

Search for:

Search

