https://www.utkaltoday.com/gravy-chowmein-recipe/


__

__ __ __ __ __

__

  * Home
  * Odisha News
  * Politics
  * Economy
  * Culture
  * Business
  * Tech
  * Travel
  * Wellness
  * Entertainment

__

Sign in

__

Welcome!Log into your account

your username

your password

Forgot your password?

__

Password recovery

Recover your password

your email

__

Search

__

Sign in

Welcome! Log into your account

your username

your password

Forgot your password? Get help

Password recovery

Recover your password

your email

A password will be e-mailed to you.

____

__

Utkal Today

  * Home
  * Odisha News
  * Politics
  * Economy
  * Culture
  * Business
  * Tech
  * Travel
  * Wellness
  * Entertainment

Home __Food __ Yummiliciously Chinese: A plate of Gravy Chowmein to make your
Sunday better

Food

# Yummiliciously Chinese: A plate of Gravy Chowmein to make your Sunday better

The Gravy Chowmein is a Chinese dish and each Chinese dish reflects a balance
of taste, texture, aroma and colour. Be it sweet, sour, pungent, hot, salty or
spicy – all the six basic flavours are incorporated deftly in all Chinese
dishes.

By Utkal Today Team

March 21, 2021

__0

__2534

__

WhatsApp

__

Facebook

__

Twitter

__

Linkedin

__

Image: Utkal Today

**March 21, 2021 :** Gravy chowmein is a perfect meal in a bowl, crunchy
vegetables are complementary to the soupy soft noodles.

Image: Twitter

## **Gravy Chowmein**

The Gravy Chowmein is a Chinese dish and each Chinese dish reflects a balance
of taste, texture, aroma and colour. Be it sweet, sour, pungent, hot, salty or
spicy – all the six basic flavours are incorporated deftly in all Chinese
dishes.

Image: Keyingredient

### **Recipe: Gravy Chowmein**

It takes about 30 minutes to make this Chinese MasterChef dish.

### **Ingredients**

Image: WebMD

  * 2 packets chowmein
  * 1 each Bell pepper Green, yellow and red
  * 1 carrot
  * 4-5 French beans
  * 1 Spring onion
  * Some cabbage
  * Mushrooms and baby corn, as required
  * Boiled chicken and chicken stock, as required
  * 1 tsp ginger and garlic
  * Corn flour as required 
  * Vinegar and soya sauce 1 tsp each
  * Salt and black pepper powder, as per taste

### **Method**

  1. First, boil the chowmein and spread it over a plate so that they don't stick to each other.
  2. Now chop all the vegetable mushroom and baby corn.
  3. Finely chop the garlic and ginger
  4. In a pan, add the oil then add the finely chopped garlic and then ginger. Then add the mushrooms stir fry it then, add the vegetables one by one.
  5. Add little salt and cover it for 5 - 7 min.
  6. Put the shredded chicken and mix it. The vegetables should be crunchy.
  7. Add the chicken stock, little vinegar and soya sauce. Let it boil for 5 mins.
  8. After 5 mins add black pepper powder and corn flour mix in water and pour it over the gravy.
  9. As it thickens, in a bowl beat an egg and put it with a spoon on the gravy. Mix it.
  10. Garnish it with spring onion greens.

#### **Also read: Here’s why crispy, sweet & tangy orange chicken is a
favourite take-out food**

Image: Cookpad.com

### **_Nutrition Info_**

⮚     Calories: 254.1 kcal Kcal

⮚     Carbohydrates: 47.7 gm

⮚     Protein: 5.9 gm

⮚     Fat: 3.9 gm

⮚ Other: 0.9 gm

#### **By Shrabanee Sabat**

###

####  Utkal Today Team

See author's posts

  * Tags
  * Chinese recipe
  * chowmein
  * Gravy Chowmein
  * noodle recipes
  * Sunday recipe

__

WhatsApp

__

Facebook

__

Twitter

__

Linkedin

__

Previous articleRecovering the greenery: Let's talk of International Day of
Forests 2021

Next articleDeepika Padukone on holistic fitness: Be fit physically, mentally
and emotionally

Utkal Today Team

#### RELATED ARTICLES

Food

### Homemade Chicken Buns Recipe

Utkal Today Team - September 30, 2021 0

September 30, 2021: Chicken Buns? Oh yes, you heard it right. Buns made with a
stuffing of flavourful chicken. These Chicken Buns...

Read more

Food

### Nothing beats Bengali-style mutton aloo jhol on Sunday afternoon

Utkal Today Team - September 29, 2021 0

Sept 29: If you are a Bengali, your life would be considered incomplete if you
don’t queue up in front of the...

Read more

Food

### Durga Puja bhog platter: A combination of taste with devotion

Utkal Today Team - September 29, 2021 0

Sept 29: In a few days, Goddess Durga, along with her children, will visit
earth and we will fondly celebrate the occasion....

Read more

____

### LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply

Please enter your comment!

Please enter your name here

You have entered an incorrect email address!

Please enter your email address here

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Solve : *  
24 ⁄ 12 =

  

#### Most Popular

### 20 unique Indian wedding gift ideas

Lifestyle Sencess Pradhan - September 28, 2020 0

Indian wedding gift ideas are a great way to congratulate newlyweds and share
your happiness with them as they begin a new...

Read more

### ‘Leading light’ goes out with demise of Jaswant Singh at 82

National News Utkal Today Team - September 27, 2020 0

New Delhi, September 27: India’s veterans and political leaders mourned the
death of the BJP veteran and former Union minister Jaswant Singh...

Read more

### World’s most handsome person

Entertainment Aman Rai - September 18, 2020 0

Our world is full of beautiful people, but there are some who are just a class
above and stand out in the...

Read more

### Modi speaks of Mann Ki Baat on farmers

Current Affairs Utkal Today Team - September 27, 2020 0

New Delhi, September 27:  Praising the contribution of Indian farmers in the
Atma Nirbhar Bharat initiative, Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Mann...

Read more

Load more __

#### Recent Comments

Kumar Tatwamasi Radhakrushna on 10 scientists who never won a Nobel Prize, in
spite of their huge contributions

Shishir on Engineer’s Day: Marking the birth anniversary of M. Visvesvaraya

Shreya on Madhya Kshetra Vidyut Vitaran Company, the first to adopt e-office
system

Subhashree Mishra on Engineer’s Day: Marking the birth anniversary of M.
Visvesvaraya

Mayank Singh on 12 Inspirational Quotes by Legendary Bollywood Actor Irrfan
Khan

Subhashree Mishra on Read, write and express this International Literacy Day

Dishi on Export Preparedness Index 2020 - Gujarat bags top position

Harshada Das on C U Soon: Film review

ABOUT US

Utkal Today is a digital-first journalism initiative in Odisha with a mission
to provide fresh, positive & inspiring news to the people of Odisha. We're a
research-oriented news platform in Odisha.

Contact us: hello@utkaltoday.com

FOLLOW US

__ __ __ __ __

  * About
  * Contact us

(C) 2020 Utkal Today. All rights reserved.

