https://www.marthastewart.com/255340/noodles-with-greens-and-gravy


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Martha Stewart Martha Stewart

  * FOOD
  * HOLIDAYS
  * ENTERTAINING
  * HOME
  * GARDENING
  * CLEANING & ORGANIZING
  * WEDDINGS
  * SHOP
  * DIY
  * BEAUTY & WELLNESS
  * LIFE
  * NEWS
  * MARTHA'S BLOG
  * About Us

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Martha's Blog

Your Account

Your Account

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Email Preferences
  * Newsletter
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us
  * Your Content
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Enter to Win $10,000 to Makeover Your Home!
  * Martha's Blog
  * Weddings

Login

Pin

Close this dialog window

## Explore Martha Stewart

Martha Stewart Martha Stewart

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * 7 Things to Do in the Morning to Be Healthier and More Productive

####  7 Things to Do in the Morning to Be Healthier and More Productive

Kick-start your day by making habits out of these mood-boosting tips.  Read
More

    * Should You Refrigerate Bananas?

####  Should You Refrigerate Bananas?

It's one of your favorite fruits, but does it belong on the counter or in the
refrigerator?  Read More

    * This 3-Ingredient Homemade Weed Killer Uses Vinegar to Safely Remove Pesky Growths from Your Garden

####  This 3-Ingredient Homemade Weed Killer Uses Vinegar to Safely Remove
Pesky Growths from Your Garden

A few easy-to-find ingredients are all you need to create a powerful formula
that squashes weeds.  Read More

  * FOOD

### FOOD

See All FOOD

Our 20 Most Popular Recipes for Summer

####  Our 20 Most Popular Recipes for Summer

    * Breakfast & Brunch Recipes
    * Lunch Recipes
    * Dinner Recipes
    * Appetizers & Snacks
    * Dessert Recipes
    * Drink Recipes
    * Salad Recipes
    * Side Dishes
    * Soup Recipes
    * Healthy Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes
    * Cooking How-Tos
    * Baking
    * Menu Planning
    * Food News & Trends
    * Wine
    * Mastering the Holiday Meal
    * What's for Dinner
    * All Recipes

  * HOLIDAYS

### HOLIDAYS

See All HOLIDAYS

The Most Patriotic Flowers for the Fourth of July, According to Symbolism

####  The Most Patriotic Flowers for the Fourth of July, According to
Symbolism

Show your love of country by displaying these varieties on America's birthday.

    * Father's Day
    * Fourth of July
    * Halloween
    * Thanksgiving
    * Hanukkah
    * Christmas
    * New Year's Eve
    * Valentine's Day
    * St. Patricks Day
    * Passover
    * Easter
    * Mother's Day

  * ENTERTAINING

### ENTERTAINING

See All ENTERTAINING

How to Start Entertaining Friends and Family More Regularly

####  How to Start Entertaining Friends and Family More Regularly

Make gathering with loved ones a priority.

    * Seasonal Entertaining & Decorating
    * Baby Shower Ideas
    * Dinner Party Ideas
    * You're Invited

  * HOME

### HOME

See All HOME

We're Putting Up Walls Again—Is the Open Floor Plan on Its Way Out?

####  We're Putting Up Walls Again—Is the Open Floor Plan on Its Way Out?

We asked the experts to weigh in on this popular home design concept.

    * Home Design & Decor
    * Paint Colors & Palettes
    * DIY Home Projects
    * The Well-Kept Home

  * GARDENING

### GARDENING

See All GARDENING

A Month-by-Month Hydrangea Care Guide

####  A Month-by-Month Hydrangea Care Guide

Confused about when to do what to your favorite flowering shrubs? We have you
covered.

    * Container Gardening
    * Flower Gardens
    * Houseplants
    * Landscaping
    * Vegetable Gardens

  * CLEANING & ORGANIZING

### CLEANING & ORGANIZING

How to Wash Pillows

####  How to Wash Pillows

They're an essential element of a comfortable bed, so keep yours fresh and in
their best shape ever with these expert-approved tips.

    * Cleaning
    * Storage & Organization
    * Laundry & Linens

  * WEDDINGS

### WEDDINGS

See All WEDDINGS

Who Pays for What for the Wedding?

####  Who Pays for What for the Wedding?

Get the traditional rules for who pays for the wedding details.

    * Real Weddings
    * Wedding Party
    * Wedding Planning & Advice
    * Wedding Ceremony & Reception
    * Wedding Jewelry
    * Dresses & Style
    * Wedding Beauty & Wellness
    * Wedding Registry
    * Wedding Showers & Parties
    * Love & Marriage
    * Wedding Travel

  * SHOP
  * DIY

### DIY

See All DIY

How to Melt and Reuse the Leftover Wax from Candles

####  How to Melt and Reuse the Leftover Wax from Candles

Our easy melt-and-pour method saves the last bit of this home essential.

    * Dyeing
    * Holiday Crafts
    * Kids' Crafts
    * Knitting
    * Paper Crafts
    * Sewing
    * Rescue & Revamp

  * BEAUTY & WELLNESS

### BEAUTY & WELLNESS

Can Rice Water Really Encourage Hair Growth?

####  Can Rice Water Really Encourage Hair Growth?

This buzzy ingredient is a star player in many new-age hair care products.

    * Beauty
    * Health & Wellness
    * Live Well

  * LIFE

### LIFE

See All LIFE

    * Family
    * Pets
    * Travel
    * Net Worth

  * NEWS
  * MARTHA'S BLOG
  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Martha's Blog

Your Account

Your Account

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Email Preferences
  * Newsletter
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us
  * Your Content
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Enter to Win $10,000 to Makeover Your Home!
  * Martha's Blog
  * Weddings

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. marthastewart.com
  2. Food & Cooking
  3. Recipes
  4. Ingredients
  5. Vegetables
  6. Bok Choy Recipes
  7. Noodles with Greens and Gravy

# Noodles with Greens and Gravy

Rating: Unrated

  * Be the first to rate & review! 

Quick and easy to prepare, this savory one-dish meal contains a range of
flavors that perfectly complement the noodles, bok choy, and pork. The recipe
is brought to us by Jeffrey Alford, author of the Southeast Asian cookbook
"Hot, Sour, Salty, Sweet."

Martha Stewart Living Television, September 2001, Martha Stewart Living
Television, September 2001

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Noodles with Greens and Gravy

## Recipe Summary

Servings:

1

Yield:

Serves 1

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1/2 pound fresh rice noodles or 1/4 pound wide dried rice noodles 
  * 2 tablespoons peanut oil or vegetable oil 
  * 1 tablespoon minced garlic 
  * 2 ounces boneless pork butt or shoulder, thinly sliced across the grain into 1-by-1/2-inch pieces (or substitute lean beef or boneless chicken, similarly sliced) 
  * 1 scant teaspoon plus a pinch of sugar 
  * 2 heads baby bok choy, quartered lengthwise and well washed (about 3 cups packed) 
  * 1 tablespoon fermented soybean paste (dao jiao), mashed until smooth 
  * 1 tablespoon Thai fish sauce 
  * 1 teaspoon soy sauce 
  * 1 tablespoon rice or cider vinegar 
  * 1/2 cup mild chicken, beef, or pork broth or water 
  * 1 teaspoon cornstarch dissolved in 1/4 cup water 
  * Generous grinding of white or black pepper 
  * Chile Vinegar Sauce

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

If using fresh noodles, rinse under warm running water. If using dried rice
noodles, soak in warm water for 15 minutes to soften, then drain and set
aside.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Heat a large wok over high heat. Add 1 tablespoon oil, swirling to coat wok.
When very hot, toss in the noodles, and stir-fry gently for about 2 minutes,
pressing them against the hot pan. Turn out onto a plate.

  * Step 3

Wipe out wok, then place back over high heat. Add remaining 1 tablespoon oil,
and when hot, toss in garlic. Stir-fry briefly until garlic begins to turn
golden, about 20 seconds, then add pork slices and a generous pinch of sugar.
Stir-fry until meat has changed color, about 1 minute. Toss in greens, and
stir-fry, pressing vegetables against hot sides of wok, until they turn bright
green, about 1 1/2 minutes or more (depending on the size of your wok).

  * Step 4

Add soybean paste, fish sauce, soy sauce, vinegar, and remaining scant
teaspoon sugar; stir-fry to mix. Add broth or water and cornstarch mixture.
Stir, and bring to a boil. Cover, and cook until liquid has thickened slightly
and greens are tender, about 1 minute.

  * Step 5

Use a spatula or a ladle to distribute meat, greens, and gravy over noodles.
Grind pepper over generously, and serve hot with chile-vinegar sauce.

Advertisement

##  Reviews

Add Rating & Review

Back to Noodles with Greens and Gravy

##  All Reviews for Noodles with Greens and Gravy

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Back to Recipe

##  Review this recipe

Noodles with Greens and Gravy

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Submit

Success!Thanks for adding your feedback.

Martha Stewart

##

## Learn More

  * Contact Us
  * Customer Service
  * Media Kit
  * Martha's Blog
  * Advertise
  * Content Licensing
  * FAQ
  * Corporate
  * International
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithMartha Stewart is part of the Meredith Home Group. © Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policythis link opens in a
new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens
in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis link opens a modal window Web
Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Martha Stewart. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.marthastewart.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Noodles with Greens and Gravy

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

