https://www.errenskitchen.com/quick-easy-oriental-noodle-soup/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to footer navigation
  * Skip to privacy navigation
  * Skip to secondary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

Erren's Kitchen

Food you'll crave - From scratch

Main Menu

Display Search Bar

Search Recipes...

  * Home
  * Videos
  * Recipes
    * Course
      * Breakfast
      * Appetizer
      * Lunch
      * Dinner
      * Side
      * Dessert
      * Drinks
    * Type
      * Quick and Easy
      * Pasta
      * Soups
      * Salads & Dressings
      * Rice Dishes
      * Comfort Food
    * Meat
      * Chicken Dishes
      * Seafood
      * Beef, Pork, & Lamb
      * Vegetarian
    * Cuisine
      * Asian Food
      * Italian Food
    * All Recipes
  * Conversions
    * US Sticks of Butter Conversion Charts
    * Basic ounces to grams weight conversions
    * Oven Temperature Conversions
    * Butter in the US and the Rest of the World
    * Teaspoons, Tablespoons & Dessertspoons
    * US Cups to ounces & grams for common ingredients
    * Basic Volume Conversions
  * Shop
  * About Erren
    * Meet Erren
    * Collaborate
    * Life Stories
    * Contact
  * Trending: Easy Recipes

  *   * 

  * Specialties:
  * Quick and Easy
  * Italian
  * Chicken
  * Better Than Takeout!
  * Desserts
  * Search Recipes...

Home / Quick and Easy / Quick & Easy Chinese Noodle Soup

# Quick & Easy Chinese Noodle Soup

A delicious soup with plenty of vibrant flavors that are brought together in
one pot. Once you try this recipe, you’ll never go back to the packaged soups
again!  

Recipe Video Print  Share

###### Share on:

  *   *   * 

Total Time: 10 minutes

Serves: 2 big bowls

Author:Erren HartPublished:8/08/2018Last Updated:10/30/2020

This post may contain affiliate links. Read our disclosure policy.

This one-pot recipe for **Quick & Easy Chinese Noodle Soup** makes a super
simple, aromatic broth that's packed with noodles and Asian flavor.

_Serve this soup as a starter forChicken and Broccoli or Chicken and Chinese
Mushrooms for an authentic Chinese meal right in your own kitchen!_

Pin This Recipe For Later!

**Guess how long it takes to make this soup.**   _Come on, guess._   Ok, I'll
tell you - 10 Minutes - Yep, 10!  Homemade, delicious soup in no time at all -
You are welcome! 🙂

**The soup tastes authentic  **even though it calls for use of store-bought
ingredients. And at only **236 calories**  for a generous bowl, it's a lot
healthier than you get in restaurants.

This Chinese Noodle Soup is perfect for busy weeknights because it's so
**quick and simple**  and you can toss in any meat or vegetables you want.

## Why This Recipe Works

  * _**The use of fresh ingredients**  makes it so much healthier than instant noodle soups that are loaded with unnatural ingredients._
  *  _ **The Asian flavors**  of the soy sauce and oyster sauce give it a rich authentic taste._
  *  _ **It cooks all in one pot,**  making it not only simple, but it flavors the noodles as they cook._

**Once you try this recipe, you 'll never go back to the packaged soups again!
** Chinese cooking doesn't have to be complicated or difficult to make.

**I know how easy it is to rip open a package of Ramon noodles** to have a
quick meal, but I'm telling you there really isn't a need.

## What Noodles To Use

The beauty of this recipe is you can use anything from Ramon (throw away the
seasoning packet) to egg noodles.

Just read the package instructions and adjust the recipe accordingly - It's
that easy!

**This wholesome noodle soup is low fat, healthy and packed full of tasty
ingredients.**   So, don't let a lack of time ruin a meal, this speedy recipe
is easy to whip up at the last minute.

_I 've created these recipes because I have cookbook after cookbook filled
with pages of lovely looking Chinese noodle soups that quite often come with
complicated directions._

**My versions are not only quick and easy, but they are  delicious too!**  The
best part is that they are made from fresh, simple ingredients and there's no
packet of powder to be found.

If you make this soup (or any of my others), you'll never make the instant
kind again!

## Step By Step Instructions

In a large saucepan, heat the chicken stock and bring to a boil.

Add the green onions.

Add the Bok Choy or Chinese greens.

Add light & Dark soy sauce.

Add the oyster sauce.

Add the noodles right into the soup.

Follow the instructions on your noodle's package for the cooking time.

Once cooked, serve and enjoy!

##  **Cooking the noodles** Separately

  * _If you are concerned that your noodles might suck up too much of the soup, just cook them separately (according to the package instructions), add them to the bowl and cover with the soup._

##  **On Making your own stock**

**This recipe tastes best with homemade stock.   I highly recommend making
your own and storing it in the freezer.**

### Here's How:

  * Combine the beef or poultry bones, 1 large onion (with skin), 1 carrot, 2 celery stalks, a couple of bay leaves, salt, and pepper in a large stockpot. Cover by about 2 inches of cold water.
  * Bring to a boil. Reduce the heat, and simmer for 3 to 4 hours, skimming off and discarding foam occasionally. 
  * Strain stock through a fine sieve into a large bowl and discard solids. Cool stock to room temperature. Cover and refrigerate overnight. Skim solidified fat from surface, discard the fat and freeze in portions in an airtight container for up to 3 months 

## Recipe Variations

  * **Meaty variation:**   _Add leftover, cooked meats at the end to make it more of a complete meal._
  *  **Seafood variation:**   _Add some raw shrimp during the last minute or so of the cooking process.   Once they turn pink, they're ready to serve._
  * **Vegetarian Variation:  ** _Use vegetable stock and the vegetables of your choice.  Cooking the vegetables separately is recommended so you control the firmness of the vegetables instead of overcooking them in the soup._

## Did you make this?

Click here to leave a star rating!

## Stay Updated

Receive new recipes & dinner ideas straight to your inbox!

Enter your email

##  Let's Make  Quick and Easy Chinese Noodle Soup

A delicious soup with plenty of vibrant flavors that are brought together in
one pot. Once you try this recipe, you'll never go back to the packaged soups
again!  

4.44 from 330 votes

Prep5 minutes

Cook5 minutes

Total10 minutes

Serves: 2 big bowls

Print

  * Pinterest

Rate Share

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 4 cups chicken stock
  * ▢ 3 green onions finely sliced into rounds
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Oyster Sauce
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon low sodium Soy Sauce
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon low sodium dark Soy Sauce (this can be held until the end and added if needed by taste).
  * ▢ 4 oz Dried Chinese noodles  of your choice
  * ▢ 4 leaves Bok Choy/pak choi sliced

Cups - Metric

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Instructions

  * In a large saucepan, heat the chicken stock and bring to a boil.

  * Add the green onions, Bok Choy or Chinese greens, soy sauces, oyster sauce & the noodles.

  * Reduce the heat and cook according to noodle package instructions (just until tender).  Serve hot

### Tips + Notes

  * **Cooking the noodles separate:   ** _If you are concerned that your noodles might suck up too much of the soup, just cook them separately (according to the package instructions), add them to the bowl and cover with the soup._

### Nutrition Information:

Calories: 236kcal (12%)| Carbohydrates: 47g (16%)| Protein: 12g (24%)| Fat: 1g
(2%)| Sodium: 3440mg (150%)| Potassium: 660mg (19%)| Vitamin A: 1370IU (27%)|
Vitamin C: 47.8mg (58%)| Calcium: 86mg (9%)| Iron: 3.3mg (18%)

Nutritional Data Disclaimer

Erren's Kitchen is written and produced for informational intentions only. We
are not certified nutritionists, and the nutritional information found on this
site has not been assessed or authorized by a nutritionist or the FDA. **The
nutritional information found in our recipes is offered as an estimate and
should not be considered a guarantee or fact.** The estimated data is provided
as a courtesy and calculated through a third-party online nutritional
calculator, spoonacular API. Although we do our best to provide accurate
nutritional information, these figures should be considered rough estimates.
Many factors, such as brands or products purchased and the nutritional
fluctuations that naturally occur in fresh produce, can alter the
effectiveness of the nutritional information in any recipe. Furthermore,
various online calculators provide different results depending on their
particular algorithms and nutrition fact sources. **To obtain the most precise
nutritional information in a provided recipe, you should calculate the
nutritional information with the exact ingredients you are using when
preparing the recipe using your preferred nutrition calculator.**

Author:Erren Hart

Course:Soup

Cuisine:Chinese

Keyword:chinese noodle recipe, Chinese noodle soup, Noodle soup recipe

Follow Me on SocialMention @ErrensKitchen or tag #ErrensKitchen on Instagram

  *   *   *   * 

**Update Notes:  **This post was originally published in April of 2014, but
was republished with an updated recipe, new photos, step by step instructions,
tips, and a video in August of 2018.

  *   *   * 

### You May Also Like...

  * Quick Chinese Shrimp Noodle Soup

  * Quick & Easy Chinese Chicken Noodle Soup

  * Chinese Beef Noodle Soup

  * Chinese Mushroom Noodle Soup

  *   *   * 

Moroccan Spiced Vegetable Couscous

Baked Eggplant Frittata with Red Onion, Peppers & Feta

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Review Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Rate this recipe: Rate this recipe:  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

  1. Babs says

Posted on 7/28 at 5:05PM

This is a delicious simple recipe to have in any cook's repertoire. Thank you
so much!

Reply

    * Erren Hart says

Posted on 7/29 at 9:55AM

I'm so glad to hear you enjoyed it, Babs!

Reply

  2. shouner says

Posted on 5/10 at 3:36PM

can you use stir-fry rice noodles? will they fall apart?

Reply

    * Erren Hart says

Posted on 5/12 at 9:48AM

You can. You can cook them according to the directions on the package and then
add them at the end.

Reply

  3. Sothavy Seng says

Posted on 4/2 at 1:27AM

This was delicious!

Reply

    * Erren Hart says

Posted on 4/2 at 9:38AM

So glad you enjoyed it!

Reply

  4. Myra says

Posted on 2/2 at 5:32PM

I made this recipe for my family and they loved it. Easy to cook for teens and
I love it! I added water chestnuts and bamboo shoots and it added some extra
texture. Highly recommend

Reply

    * Erren Hart says

Posted on 2/2 at 5:39PM

Yay! I’m so happy you enjoyed it so much! 🙂

Reply

  5. Deb says

Posted on 1/24 at 12:43PM

Easy and tasty! I added some grated ginger. I will make this again. Thank you!

Reply

    * Erren's Kitchen says

Posted on 1/25 at 4:52AM

That sounds wonderful Deb, so glad you liked the recipe 🙂

Reply

  6. Ang says

Posted on 1/6 at 3:45AM

I made the vegetarian version of this, absolutely amazing. I will be making
this a lot from now on

Reply

    * Erren's Kitchen says

Posted on 1/6 at 6:01AM

I love to hear this Ang, thank you for stopping by to let me know how you
liked it 🙂

Reply

  7. Terry says

Posted on 9/30 at 8:33PM

Delicious! Even the meat eaters loved it. And it really did only take 15
minutes

Reply

    * Erren's Kitchen says

Posted on 10/1 at 5:10AM

Thank you Terry, I'm glad everyone liked it 🙂

Reply

  8. Rup says

Posted on 9/27 at 5:39PM

I used vegetable stock, didn't have Chinese greens, so used baby spinach,
didn't have oyster sauce, added red chilli flakes, black pepper and sesame
oil, didn't have dark soy, so added more of the light…and it was delicious and
quick and shows you can probably follow the basic technique and add whatever
you have! Thank you ❤️😊

Reply

    * Erren's Kitchen says

Posted on 9/28 at 3:42AM

Hi Rup, yes it's a versatile dish, it's always good to hear how people
experiment with my recipes, glad you enjoyed it 🙂

Reply

  9. Ronnie says

Posted on 6/1 at 9:24PM

What is the dark soy sauce?

Reply

    * Erren's Kitchen says

Posted on 6/3 at 3:11AM

It is a deeper flavor than regular soy sauce 🙂

Reply

Older Comments

## Primary Sidebar

### Follow on Social!

Don't forget to tag me on social @ErrensKitchen to be featured!

Featured On

## Recipes To Rely On - From My Kitchen To Yours

###  Recipe Index

Find the perfect food and drink ideas for any occasion.

###  Italian Recipes

From pasta and sauces to soup or risotto, find favorite Italian recipes
everyone will love!

###  Life Stories

Grab a cup of coffee and visit while Erren shares stories from life outside
the kitchen.

## Still hungry?

Subscribe to my Newsletter for all my latest recipes!

Enter your email

  * Meet Erren
  * Life Updates
  * Work With Me
  * Contact
  * Recipes
  * Dinner Ideas
  * Conversion Guide
  * Quick and Easy

  * Contact
  * Erren's Kitchen Privacy Policy
  * Disclaimer

(C) 2013-2022 * Site Credits

Back to Top

437.3K shares

  * 863
  *   * 436.4K

