https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/26460/quick-and-easy-chicken-noodle-soup/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Soups, Stews and Chili Recipes
  4. Soup Recipes
  5. Chicken Soup Recipes
  6. Chicken Noodle Soup Recipes
  7. Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

# Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.7

3386 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 2616 
  * 4 star values: 663 
  * 3 star values: 86 
  * 2 star values: 17 
  * 1 star values: 4 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 3,386 Ratings 
  * 2,382 Reviews 
  * 536 Photos 

A chicken noodle soup recipe that's a very easy, very good substitute for when
you don't have time to make your soup totally from scratch.

Recipe by MARYVM

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Read the full recipe after the video.

Add Photo

Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup Allrecipes Member

Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup krichard0408

Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup LadyShawshank

Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup Allrecipes Magazine

\+ 532 532 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

10 mins

cook:

30 mins

total:

40 mins

Servings:

6

Nutrition Info

close up view of chicken noodle soup in a pot with a wooden spoon

Advertisement

Skip to Recipe

Whether you're feeling under the weather or you're just in need of a little
comfort, there's nothing like homemade chicken noodle soup to warm you up from
the inside out. With this shortcut recipe, you can have the best chicken
noodle soup of your life on the table in just 40 minutes.

##  Chicken Noodle Soup Ingredients

Here's what you'll need for this top-rated chicken noodle soup recipe:

**Onions and Celery**  
In the first step of this chicken noodle soup recipe, diced onions and chopped
celery are cooked in butter until they're aromatic and tender.

**Broth**  
This chicken noodle soup recipe calls for a mixture of chicken and vegetable
broths. If you're short on time or ingredients, you can just use one or the
other.

**Chicken  **  
Of course, you'll need chicken. If you have leftover rotisserie chicken, you
can use that in place of the cooked chicken breasts for a budget-friendly
shortcut.  

**Noodles  **  
Make sure you don't add the noodles too early, as cooking them too long will
make them mushy.

**Carrots**  
Carrots, which add a pop of bright color and flavor, are added at the end of
cooking so they stay crisp. You can add them to the sautéed vegetables at the
beginning if you like your carrots tender.

**Basil and Oregano**  
Dried basil and oregano lend warm, earthy flavor to this chicken noodle soup
recipe.

##  How to Make Chicken Noodle Soup

You'll find the full recipe below, but here are a few tips to keep in mind
while you make this classic chicken noodle soup recipe:

###  Best Noodles For Chicken Noodle Soup

Egg noodles are the traditional choice for chicken noodle soup. Rotini and
fusilli would work well too, but you can use whatever you have on hand in a
pinch.

###  Customize to Taste

We love the simplicity of this easy chicken noodle soup recipe. However, you
can get creative with spices and seasonings. Reviewers say they like to add
bay leaves, garlic, herbes de Provence, rosemary, and thyme.

###  Improvise With Ingredients You Already Have

This recipe lends itself to convenient, budget-friendly substitutions. Try
rotisserie chicken instead of cooked chicken breasts, water and bouillon cubes
instead of broth, or oil instead of butter.  

**Related** : How to Make the Best Soups

##  What Goes With Chicken Noodle Soup?

Chicken noodle soup is a meal in and of itself, so you don't really need to
pair it with any sides (besides maybe a few saltine crackers). But, if you
want to go the extra mile, try something bread-based to soak up all that
delicious broth. Here are some delicious options:

Basic Biscuits  
Grilled Cheese Sandwich  
French Baguettes  
Classic Dinner Rolls  
Toasted Garlic Bread

##  How to Store Chicken Noodle Soup

Store leftover chicken noodle soup in an airtight container in the
refrigerator for three to four days.

##  Can You Freeze Chicken Noodle Soup?

Yes! You can freeze chicken noodle soup — and you should if you don't plan to
eat it within a few days. If you're making this recipe with the intention of
freezing it, consider preparing the soup and noodles separately. Frozen
noodles will break down and become mushy when thawed.

To freeze chicken noodle soup (with or without the noodles), pour serving-
sized portions of the cooled soup into freezer bags labeled with the date.
Freeze for up to six months. Re-heat on the stove.

##  Allrecipes Community Tips and Praise

"This is so easy to make and so good," raves Gr8typist. "I cook the chicken
breasts in the broth to make the broth a bit richer, then build the soup from
there."

"My husband and I love this recipe," says Mrs V-Smile. "It is very easy to
make and is great for a quick dinner. When I make it, I saute some minced
garlic and the carrots along with the onions and celery. The garlic adds a
little more flavor to the soup, and adding the carrots to the saute helps to
make them more tender."

"Very easy," according to Joy Shelton Frazier. "FLAVORFUL!! Great comfort food
on a cold night. We made grilled cheese sandwiches to go along with it."

Editorial contributions by **Corey Williams**

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

6

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 6 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1 tablespoon butter 
  * ½ cup chopped onion 
  * ½ cup chopped celery 
  * 4 (14.5 ounce) cans chicken broth 
  * 1 (14.5 ounce) can vegetable broth 
  * ½ pound chopped cooked chicken breast 
  * 1 ½ cups egg noodles 
  * 1 cup sliced carrots 
  * ½ teaspoon dried basil 
  * ½ teaspoon dried oregano 
  * salt and ground black pepper to taste 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Melt butter in a large pot over medium heat. Add onion and celery and cook
until just tender, about 5 minutes.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Add chicken broth, vegetable broth, chicken, egg noodles, carrots, basil,
oregano, salt, and pepper. Stir to combine and bring to a boil.

  * Step 3

Reduce heat and simmer for 20 minutes.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

162 calories; protein 13.4g; carbohydrates 12.1g; fat 6.1g; cholesterol
46.4mg; sodium 1356.8mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (2382)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Gr8typist

Rating: 5 stars

11/07/2006

This is so easy to make and so good! I cook the chicken breasts in the broth
to make the broth a bit richer, then build the soup from there.

Read More

Helpful (293)

### Most helpful critical review

Jenski

Rating: 3 stars

04/26/2011

Good, but nothing extraordinary. Great base to start from. Thanks!

Read More

Helpful (23)

3386 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 2616 
  * 4 star values: 663 
  * 3 star values: 86 
  * 2 star values: 17 
  * 1 star values: 4 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Gr8typist

Rating: 5 stars

11/07/2006

This is so easy to make and so good! I cook the chicken breasts in the broth
to make the broth a bit richer, then build the soup from there.

Trish Gillogly

Rating: 5 stars

11/10/2006

I used all chicken broth (part homemade & part store bought broth in the box)
Used fresh basil and fresh oregano from my garden and threw in some dried
herbes de provence(an incredibly versatile herb mixture)Sauteed the sliced
carrots with the onion and celery. Made the recipe for 8 and that made
generous servings for 6 people. Everyone had 2 bowls. Delicious. Served with
big green salad, rolls, fresh fruit and brownies for dessert.

Sarah Jo

Rating: 4 stars

02/10/2011

I followed the recipe only adding 6 cloves of minced garlic. I used homemade
chicken broth/vegetable broth and I used the "No Yolks" egg noodles. After
tasting it, I did increase the basil and oregano. This was quick to make and
quite comforting for someone who's been sick for what seems like ages. Next
time, I'll increase both the onion and celery as I like a chunkier soup.

Michelle Hutcheson

Rating: 5 stars

12/13/2006

My friend told me last week that I needed to check out this web site. So I did
and join the same day. Today my daughter was sick when she got up. I got on
the web site to find a chicken soup recipe and found a lot of them. This one
is so easy to fix and that's what I was looking for. My daughter is not a good
eater and when your sick your really don't feel like eating. She has had 2
bowls now. My husband and I also loved it. I did put 1 cup of celery, onion,
and carrots. It was so rich and hearty. Thank you for this submitting this
recipe.

Lauren Bedell

Rating: 5 stars

02/26/2007

This was the first homemade chicken noodle soup I ever made. It is VERY GOOD!
I was expecting something different than the way it turned out, but it is
delicious all the same. I did nearly doubly the noodles and I doubled the
veggies. The only problem I had was that the noodles lost their spiral shape
when the soup was done--they cooked too long. I may cook them separately next
time. I have to say...while I am sure there are better recipes out there
somewhere, this one is quick, cheap, and easy! And as another reviewer said,
it makes me not want to buy another canned chicken noodles soup again. And I
don't think that I will unless I have to! I really like this! Good and
flavorful!

Jamie

Rating: 5 stars

11/13/2006

Excellent chicken noodle soup recipe. Very easy and has a homemade taste. I
did not cook the chicken first. I simmered it in the broth with the vegetables
for more flavor. Used frozen egg noodles and added garlic. Also added two cans
of condensed cream of chicken soup for a creamier soup. I would recommend
tasting it before adding salt, it may not be necessary to add salt if not
using low sodium chicken broth.

Kimberly Canada

Rating: 5 stars

09/04/2011

This is what I did that someone else said to do and it was the BEST!!!!!! in
melted butter, sauté 2 minced garlic cloves, 1 cup chopped onion, 1 cup
chopped celery, and 1 cup sliced carrots. Meanwhile, chop 1/2 pound uncooked
boneless, skinless chicken breast into bite-size pieces. Add chicken, the
broth, basil, oregano, salt, garlic pepper, a dash or two of poultry
seasoning, and a pinch or two of dried thyme to the pot of veggies. Bring to a
boil, reduce heat, cover and simmer 20 minutes. Meanwhile, cook 3 cups egg
noodles according to package directions in a separate pot. Add drained noodles
to chicken and veggies, simmer an additional 10 minutes.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

08/08/2001

This soup was loaded with flavor. I made the 6 serving recipie and my family
was begging for more. I would definitely at least double it! Very quick and
easy. Will definitely make this again.

GESERA

Rating: 5 stars

01/19/2003

Everyone loved it. Kids too!!! I didn't have any vegetable broth so I used
only chicken broth and added an 8 oz can of tomato sauce. I used acini de pepe
instead of egg noodles. Everyone thought it was from scratch. This is my new
favorite. Thanks!!!!!!

Care

Rating: 5 stars

02/25/2011

Love the recipe with my tweaks! I've made this quite a few times now - usually
in the slow cooker. I skip sauteing the veggies ahead of time and just dump
everything in the slow cooker. I use 2 boxes of the 32 ounce chicken broth and
omit the vegetable broth. I add the spices already included in the recipe and
include a dash of cayenne and a liberal sprinkling of parmesan cheese. I then
throw in 2 frozen chicken breasts - some may want to add 3, but 2 is fine for
my family of four. I let cook on high for about 4 hours. After the 4 hours
most of the chicken has already fallen apart into pieces, what ever hasn't can
easily be torn apart/separated in the slow cooker before serving.

Laura

Rating: 5 stars

05/23/2008

This is so easy, and I've made some changes to make it even easier. Saute the
carrots along with the onions and celery. After adding and heating the broths,
add raw cubed chicken breast pieces and simmer for 20-30 minutes. Ten minutes
before you are ready to serve, add egg noodles. Simmer for 5 minutes and then
turn off the heat. Let the soup sit for five minutes more. Only one pot to
wash!

ashergirl2

Rating: 4 stars

02/08/2011

Not bad but definitely needed more spices. I also preferred this soup the next
day reheated when all of the ingredients had marinated a little longer.

MUSIC_MINX

Rating: 5 stars

03/06/2008

This recipe is good, except that the already cooked chicken breast will be dry
and mealy by the time you cook it another 20 minutes. Consider using whole
boneless skinless thighs, cook in the broth for 20 minutes, remove, chop,
return, and cook perhaps 5 minutes longer.

RCKim

Rating: 5 stars

03/09/2006

This has become one of my favorite chicken soup recipes--easy, hearty, and
flavorful. I increased the veggies to 1 cup onion, 1 cup celery, and 2 cups
carrots. Also, I like the richness that broth takes on when I use uncooked
chicken, so I added four boneless, skinless thighs and simmered them with the
vegetables for 20 minutes, removed them to cool, shredded the meat, and
returned it to the pot. Instead of noodles I used elbow macaroni, since that's
all I had on hand, but I didn't want it to soak up the broth so I boiled it
separately and added it to the soup along with the shredded chicken. Yummy,
yummy with a big salad and sliced French bread. Thanks for a great recipe!

UDscoobychick

Rating: 5 stars

07/29/2010

Excellent, especially with the tricks I used that made this a 1-pot meal! I
used 1 onion, 3-4 celery ribs, and 4 medium carrots for the veggies, diced
them sauteed them all together until the onions were translucent, then added 2
Tbl minced garlic and sauteed a minute or two more. Meanwhile, I cut raw
chicken into bite-sized pieces, then threw it in the pot with the veggies.
Added 5 cans low sodium chicken broth, basil, oregano, pepper, and poultry
seasoning, and simmered for about 15 minutes. Then added in about 2 c egg
noodles and simmered for another 8 minutes. Mixed 2 Tbl. cornstarch with 1/4
c. water, and poured that in, and simmered another 1-2 min, until slightly
thickened. Removed from heat and swirled in 1/2 c. fat free half-and-half.
Delicious, thick, creamy, satisfying, and only one pot to clean!

Cheryl's Cooking Now!

Rating: 5 stars

09/18/2010

I've been making this for years. I also put ground thyme and ground rosemary
to sweeten it. I don't precook the onion and celery. I cook them with the
chicken and carrots. The chicken is already chppped and don't take that long
to cook. They don't get soft and mushy. They have a lil firmness. To thicken
the broth a lil I use 1/4 cup of corn starch and 1/4 cup of water. Stir that
before adding to broth then when broth is boiling add it. I throw in the
noodles 10 minutes before it's done.

MICHELLEK0806

Rating: 5 stars

01/14/2011

Very Good! I am not a big chicken noodle soup eater but hubby is and he made
it for dinner...was very good.. added some exra garlic to it and couldn't
believe how yummy it was.

Jenski

Rating: 3 stars

04/26/2011

Good, but nothing extraordinary. Great base to start from. Thanks!

Ana Angélica Chapa

Rating: 5 stars

01/13/2011

Awesome and fast, just, at the end I only made a tomatoe sauce with, 2
tomatoes, 1/4 onion, 2 garlic cloves and salt put on the blender, and then to
the soup , try it , you don`t be dissapointed!!!

Jennifer

Rating: 5 stars

02/26/2011

This was my first try at chicken noodle soup and it was so good. Figured with
it being 16 degrees outside and having a killer sore throat, this was the
perfect thing to make. I didn't measure exactly. I used double the amount of
veggies. Diced up uncooked chicken and cooked along with all veggies including
carrots with some garlic and s&p. Used a 48 oz box of chicken broth and a 32
oz box of veggie broth and added 1/2 tsp dried thyme. I also cooked my noodles
separately. So easy, so good, and really hit the spot. Thanks so much!

Renee Ridgeway

Rating: 5 stars

03/10/2008

BRAVO! This recipe is exactly what it claims to be... Quick and easy! The word
fabulous should also appear in this title! I added the carrots in the skillet
with the onions and celery as suggested and it turned out perfectly. I bought
a rotisserie chicken and shredded the meat... DELICIOUS!!! Worthy of more than
just 5 stars! This one's a keeper!

ChristyE

Rating: 5 stars

01/19/2011

SO good! Everyone in the house enjoyed it...even my daughter who is very hard
to please. :-) I put it in the slow cooker and then added the noodles about 1
hour before serving. Great flavor! Will for sure make this again.

Lindsay Vereschagin Tripp

Rating: 4 stars

05/27/2011

Made as written I give this a 4 star rating however when adjusted for our
tastes this becomes a 5 star rating in our house. I used homemade chicken
stock and I added fresh minced garlic when cooking the onions in a bit of
olive oil and once cooked down I added my carrots and celery to the
onion/garlic and cooked for about 5 minuets. I played around with the
seasoning a bit also and added some frozen corn to the soup. I made homemade
egg noodles using the "Grandma's Noodles" recipe from this site, added during
the last few minuets of cooking. Fantastic! make extra to freeze for an easy
sick day meal.

BASIKCOOK

Rating: 5 stars

02/05/2012

Made for my husband last night - I, myself, don't care for chicken noodle
soup. He said it was very good. We're both doing weight watchers - that being
said, always struggle with finding out the portion size. For those who like to
know portion size (to get 6 portions out of a batch), it's 1 1/2 cups each.
For 2012 points based on nutritional info - it came out to 4 points per
serving & 7 pts for two servings.

Lisa Garnier

Rating: 4 stars

01/14/2011

This soup is excellent. I didn't have veggie juice so I just substituted more
chicken broth. I eliminated the salt because I made the broth with boullion
crystals (already more salt than I wanted:). I increased the basil and oregano
to 1 tsp. each and added 1 tsp. garlic flakes. Thanks!

misslaurenliz

Rating: 5 stars

11/15/2010

Excellent chicken noodle soup! The flavoring is just perfect! Great soup for
the winter time and for when you're feeling under the weather. A new favorite
for sure!

Cindy Capps Lepp

Rating: 5 stars

10/28/2009

Super easy! Used some leftover rotisserie chicken and leftover egg noodles so
it was super quick too! Made exactly as stated!

DIANEATBSU

Rating: 5 stars

11/18/2013

This is an awesome recipe! I make it on a regular basis for our family of 6,
and love bringing it to families in need of a meal (sick, new baby etc)
Everyone is always asking me for the recipe. After a few tries, I did end up
increasing all of the veggies to 1 cup each, substituting more chicken broth
for the vegetable broth, adding 2 garlic cloves, and a few pinches of thyme
and poultry seasoning. I also always double the entire recipe and use a whole
rotisserie chicken shredded. To me, the key ingredient is the type of egg
noodles that you use. I tried several and then came across Pennsylvania Dutch
Kluski Egg Noodles at Walmart. Incredible! My dad tasted the soup and asked me
if I made the noodles from scratch because they tasted just like his mom's.
Now, they are the only noodles I use for this soup and everyone is happy about
that!

marbar

Rating: 5 stars

12/26/2005

As others suggested I was generous w/ the veggies. I also added about 1 c. of
frozen corn, 1/4 tsp garlic powder, 1/4 tsp rosemary, & 1/4 tsp thyme (these
are rough- pretty much seasoned to taste). In addition, I had used Swanson
broth & thought it needed a little pick me up so addded 2 tsp of chicken
boullion powder. Aside from my little tweaks this recipe is a great base to
work w/ & make to your liking!!

McSnick

Rating: 4 stars

06/17/2005

This makes one great chicken noodle soup that is even better the next day! If
you're in a hurry though, beware! The prep time says 10 minutes, but it took
me over an hour to prepare the soup! I boiled the chicken seperately and then
chopped it and addedit to the soup, because when whenever I boil chicken, I
get a yucky foamy thing going on on top of the liquid. I also added more
noodles, but probably didn't need to... the egg noodles expand a lot!

Jamie Pulk

Rating: 4 stars

11/12/2012

i sauteed the carrots with the celery and onions, and added garlic cloves. i
cut the chicken into 1" cubes, and added them raw after the broths. simmered
for about an hour, until all veggies were soft and tender, and chicken was
cooked through. i added a dash of cayenne pepper for some zip. cooked the
noodles separately, and added them in at the end. VERY good soup, will be my
stand by for chicken soup. thanks!

House of Aqua

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

06/07/2009

This is the classic homemade chicken noodle soup recipe. The flavor is really
rich and delicious. I followed the recipe exactly, including using celery. Add
the noodle uncooked to the broth and by the time it is done simmering, the
noodles are perfect and the vegetables are soft.

freesiabird

Rating: 5 stars

02/14/2011

I've made this many times now (the recipe card is burned, actually, from
getting a little too close to the element once) and it's always amazing! I
became a vegetarian a while ago, so now I make it with just veggie broth
instead of chicken broth, and minus chicken. It's still totally delicious! I
usually add way more herbs than called for, but that's just because I like my
flavors to overwhelm me (:

Alli G.

Rating: 5 stars

06/30/2007

Very good! I put in 2 cups of noodles and 6 cups of broth. Next time I would
add more broth.

Joy

Rating: 5 stars

01/19/2007

This is seriously a good chicken noodle soup recipe. I made it exactly as
written- I added salt and pepper to the veggies and a touch of pepper at the
very end before serving, and it tasted GREAT!

katesmom08

Rating: 2 stars

01/31/2011

I left the carrots out of this recipe. Overall, I thought it was too thin. I
thickened it at the end, but still was a little disappointed in the taste. I
also used homemade noodles as opposed to store bought.

kewkewkachoo

Rating: 5 stars

12/10/2010

This soup was SOO good! It was so flavorful, yet was very simple to make. I
followed the advice of some others and sauteed the carrots along with the
onions and celery, while adding 2 T. of mixed garlic. I also cooked the egg
noodles separately.

Sarah Dipity

Rating: 5 stars

10/13/2008

I made a lot of modifications and replaced the chicken with tofu. Very tasty!

GRAYCE

Rating: 5 stars

01/29/2009

I had the breast with skin from a rotisserie chicken. I sauteed celery onion
and carrots in butter with a little olive oil. Olive oil will help to stop the
butter from burning. Added 3 pressed garlic cloves the last minute. added
broth. Removed bones and skin from the chicken. added them with the broth.
There's a lot of good flavor in them. Removed them before adding diced up
chicken & added that when I added noodles. Didn't have oregano or basil so I
used Italian seasoning and 2 bay leaves. If you're worried about not getting
all the bones out of the soup tie them up in a piece of cheese cloth. It was
just great to go to the pantry & the fridge & find everything I needed w/o
going shopping!!!!I did simmer this for a little over an hour before adding
cut up chicken. House smells like you've been slaving away all day. 09/04/09 I
made this soup again today the same way and it was not has good It was good
but not great. I do believe it was because I made my own broth & I did not use
a rotisserie ckn. A rotisserie ckn has all the extra flavors in it already.
Will definitely make it again but with a rotisserie ckn.

Maggi

Rating: 5 stars

08/25/2014

Easy, quick & good. Works well with raw or cooked chicken. Ingredients on
hand. Thanks. Lots of good ideas from other reviewers also.

Bibi

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

01/04/2011

Great idea for a shortcut! I added a little minced garlic and actually cooked
my boneless, skinless chicken in the broth before I added the carrots and
noodles. Downside to this was the broth wasn't nice and clear--my fault.
Thanks for the idea!

TINK75

Rating: 5 stars

01/28/2009

I'm so excited that I found this recipe. It's extra yummy, easy, and since I
used my crock pot to cook it in, it made the house smell terrific all day!
Thanks for sharing!

starrynite

Rating: 4 stars

01/04/2011

It was really good~!!! I used raw chicken meats and cooked them with
vegetables just to make life easier:) I also added more vegetables and instead
of butter, I used extra olive oils to cook the meats and vegetables. Very
good!

XXXNAUGHTY

Rating: 5 stars

05/25/2006

Yum! I've never made a chicken noodle soup this way. I think I tripled or
quadrupled this recipe. I also added onions and garlic to sautee and used a
whole leftover roast chicken for the chicken. I added too many spices though
but it was wonderful, nonetheless.

Rachelle Shockey

Rating: 5 stars

09/16/2010

Very very good! I used 3 cans of vegetable broth, and 2 cans of low sodium
chicken broth. I cut the chicken up and cooked it in the broth for 10 minutes,
then added the noddles and cooked for another 10-15 minutes.

lighthouse

Rating: 5 stars

02/03/2011

FABULOUS!!! I make this recipe all the time and it is a winner. The only thing
I do different is to make my own noodles, I love homemade noodles and they are
yummy in this soup, and add garlic. The noodles are simple 1C flour, 1 egg,
half an egg shell of milk mix and roll out on a well floured surface (very
thin) and cut with a pizza cutter into thin strips add to boiling soup and
you're done.

mcckath

Rating: 5 stars

01/30/2007

I recently made this again and used rotiserre chicken for its flavor- HUGE
improvement. I also sauteed the vegetables with butter and garlic and
everything tasted great. Definitely will be a standard recipe in my family.
The only negative is that egg noodles really lose their firmness after a few
days, but I don't think that can be helped unless you use a firmer noodle.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

01/23/2002

What a keeper! Easy, delicious, even when I accidentally used beef broth in
place of the chicken broth...Thanks Vincenza!

Jenny

Rating: 5 stars

11/11/2010

Used 1 Tbsp onion powder and 1/2 tsp celery salt instead of the real stuff.
Tasted great.

angensidney

Rating: 4 stars

01/17/2011

I used chicken flavored "better than Bouillon" it tasted fantastic.

Lindsey

Rating: 5 stars

11/19/2010

This was delicious and very comforting! I added some thyme, parsley and fresh
garlic. I will make this again!

CHAUNIH

Rating: 5 stars

11/11/2003

This was so easy and oh, so good!!! I was hesitant about the use of basil
being I have never used it before, but, it gave the soup it's
definition...definitely don't omit...

Evelyn Springer

Rating: 5 stars

02/27/2002

Very easy to make, tastes like good old fashioned soup. Company loved it too!

Amanda Ingraham

Rating: 4 stars

01/09/2008

Easy and quick! To give you an idea of just how easy, my husband and I tag
teamed this and made it when we both had the flu. He did some chopping, I did
the sauteeing. Following others' recommendations, I first sauteed raw chicken
cut into bite size pieces, in olive oil. When they were cooked on most sides,
I added all the veggies (plus a couple cloves of chopped garlic) and sauteed
it for about 10 minutes. Added 2 cartons of chicken stock plus 2 cups water.
Simmered 20 minutes, added egg noodles (about 4 cups), simmered another 10,
ate! It was a tad on the bland side, but that was good since we were sick and
needed something that was easy to get down. That's why 4 instead of 5 stars. 5
for ease and quickness for sure!

2010

Rating: 2 stars

09/05/2007

I feel terrible only giving this 3 stars after seeing previous reviews. I
really wanted this to be good! But I really didn't think this was all that
great. I followed the recipe to a T, but it just didn't taste great to me.
Maybe I was spoiled with homemade chicken soup, but this just didn't do
anything for me, tasted like it was right out of a can. I won't make this
again. Sorry!

Christin Yuppa

Rating: 5 stars

09/29/2011

As Brown Sugar Girl suggested, I doubled the recipe and sauteed the veggies
until tender. I cooked the noodles separately and also added thyme and a 1/2
tsp each of salt and pepper, along with 1 tbsp minced garlic, which I sauteed
with the veggies. This is my first try at homemade chicken noodle soup and
it's a winner!

Colleen

Rating: 4 stars

02/28/2011

This was very good. I sauteed 2 cloves of garlic before adding the vegetables.
I used a 32 oz box of chicken broth and a 32 oz box of vegetable stock. I
cooked the chicken in the slow cooker and shredded it.

Patti B

Rating: 5 stars

07/29/2009

I have made this recipe several times for sick friends and family and everyone
just raves about it! I buy a rotisserie chicken and pull all the meat off.
Quick, easy and so delicious !!

Jason

Rating: 5 stars

03/28/2008

EXCELLENT! Here are a couple of my recommendations: 1) Double the Onion and
Celery 2) I use 20oz of Chicken Breast 3) Cook the chicken for 20 minutes IN
the broth/veggie mix, don't worry about pre-cooking it. Once it's cooked, take
it out and chopped into bite size pieces. 4) Add the cooked chicken and
noodles into the pot and cook for 10 minutes or until noodles are done. Saves
time and tastes great! Low Sodium Chicken Broth worked great for me...I'd
rather slowly add salt and have control over how much goes in. Enjoy! I know I
did...

gonesouth

Rating: 5 stars

11/15/2005

This is my first time making chicken noodle soup. We all loved it! So easy to
make. I used Tyson chicken breast tenders which made it even quicker to make.
Will definately be making this again.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

03/13/2003

I REALLY LIKED THE FLAVOR OF THIS SOUP. INSTEAD OF USING EGG NOODLES I USED
SPAGHETTI NOODLES AND BROKE THEM UP INTO LITTLE PEICES. NEXT TIME I WILL ADD A
FEW VEGGIES.

Jackie J

Rating: 5 stars

04/01/2007

Other than doubling, using frozen home style egg noodles, and cooking fresh
boneless chicken in the broth first, I swear by this recipe for the best
chicken noodle soup. I'm asked to make this often (somethimes much more than I
care to) but it's great. If trying for the first time, I hope you agree.

Sam Hollis

Rating: 5 stars

06/02/2008

My boyfriend said it was the best chicken noodle soup he had ever had. I used
about twice as much chicken and vegetables as noted because we like chunky
soup. Also I used fresh garlic, and Italian Seasonings. I recommend adding the
carrots immediately with the butter, garlic, onions and celery so that they
become tender. Delicious!!! Tastes great as leftovers as well!

Dara

Rating: 5 stars

01/02/2013

Was looking around AR.com to find a recipe that didn't have stock from
scratch-- who has the time? So, I finally found this one where I used canned
chicken & Veggie Broth and it was perfect! Followed it to a T except: I also
sauteed the carrots with the onion and celery-- it helped soften them. I also
added lots of garlic & sauteed that, too. I waited til the onions were
translucent and then threw in the broth. Cooked it over 20 mins (I like my
veggies soft, like the canned version) and added a 1 cup of water to
compensate for evaporation. I was worried that it would water down the broth
but it didn't at all. I ran out of chicken broth (used 4 cans instead of 5
total) so that extra cup of water was needed. Instead of noodles I cooked
matzoh balls in a separate pot since I like those better. Added the balls
(already fully cooked) right before serving. Perfectly delicious! Too Jays
matzoh ball soup can eat it's heart out!

Virginia Mom

Rating: 5 stars

07/04/2008

Surprisingly good for being this easy. The family loved it.

Jackson's Mama

Rating: 5 stars

02/10/2011

Literally the first thing I ever cooked... so easy and so yummy. Next time, I
will cook the carrots with the other veggies to make them more tender.

KarenLynn

Rating: 2 stars

07/09/2008

The basil & oregano totally overtook the dish. I cooked the noodles separately
then added later and it still didn't seem like enough broth. I won't be making
this again.

BETHAROO2U

Rating: 5 stars

12/10/2010

This soup so so delicious and easy! Every bit of it was gobbled down!

KATHARINEBRIDGET

Rating: 4 stars

09/07/2005

As another suggested, I added one can of Cream of chicken soup in place of a
chicken broth. and wow! a great soup. I made it for my sick husband and he
thought it was perfect.

campagnes

Rating: 5 stars

08/25/2010

I didn't follow the recipe exactly, but I still give it five stars because
it's so versatile. I used a little more butter and thickened the soup with
about 2 tbsp. flour, used an undrained can of sliced carrots (to save time and
to replace the veggie broth), and seasoned it with rosemary because that's
what I had on hand. I also cubed raw chicken breasts and cooked them directly
in the soup. Yum!

Michelle Schulte Kubitski

Rating: 5 stars

01/16/2011

This is ABSOLUTELY the perfect chicken noodle soup! I followed the recipe
exactly, just added a teaspoon of poultry seasoning. I've shocked myself with
the taste of this great soup.

COOKIN4MYFAMILY

Rating: 5 stars

03/10/2008

I've made this several times now, and it's terrific. The first time I tried it
I wasn't in a carrot mood, so I substituted a can of diced tomatoes which
tastes great and makes the broth look nice. It's a flexible recipe, and I'll
try it with the carrots sometime. Also, I double the oregano and basil and add
garlic as others suggested. I omit the saute in butter step and just cook the
onions and garlic in the broth. It still tastes great and is even lower in
fat. A keeper recipe.

Riley

Rating: 5 stars

12/30/2006

Another keeper - I was looking for a way to use up my turkey leftovers from
Christmas and was shocked how good it came out. I read the other reviews and
added more noodles (3 cups whole wheat),more veggies (including mushrooms),
and tried substituting the cans of chicken broth with organic chicken broth, a
low sodium one, and a garlic flavored one. I was surprised that it had so much
flavor with so little effort. It really is a great soup - thanks for
submitting this.

ProudPapa15

Rating: 5 stars

04/01/2015

This recipe was a life saver! My 36wk pregnant wifey wasnt feeling well so i
decided to make her chicken noodles soup. It was thebomb.com.... Made a slight
change to accommodate wife, but still great. *Didnt add onion *Chopped frozen
precooked chicken breast strips into cubes( its what we had) It really was
quick and easy. I used store brand broths and egg noodles

Cynthia Bagley-Dutil

Rating: 4 stars

12/20/2010

This chicken noodle soup was good. It was very quick and easy to fix. My
family loved it. My husband liked it even better the next day.

Nutfreemommy

Rating: 5 stars

12/30/2010

Easy and very tasty!

jullum

Rating: 3 stars

11/27/2011

I thought it was sort of bland. I used homemade turkey broth. I think this
requires a lot of seasoning to taste, which is not easy to do!

Thea Rae

Rating: 5 stars

06/17/2011

Great just as is!

JEDSTANLEY

Rating: 5 stars

12/01/2005

Delicious! I took suggestion from previous note and added a can of cream of
chicken soup which made it thicker. I also added more noodles. I had some red
bell pepper on hand, so added it in for some extra flavor -- also made it more
colorful and appealing!

Terry Savas

Rating: 5 stars

11/16/2011

I added 1 cup half and half, 1/2 c dry white wine, 2 sprig dill and a couple
of dashes of pepper flake. It is super good!! Makes it a little creamy.

Vikas Rijsinghani

Rating: 5 stars

08/19/2014

I've never made chicken noodle soup before but this soup was so easy and
turned out so tasty. I did make a small change and instead of dried Basil and
Oregano I put fresh herbs. It made a difference to Flavors.

Manda

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

02/10/2009

My boyfriend loves this soup - one thing I do differently is to cook the
chicken and the veggies together with half the herbs, then add it all to the
broth with the rest of the seasoning. This is a big hit!

CookieBurglar

Rating: 5 stars

09/09/2014

As a novice cook, I chose this recipe largely because it didn't involve
boiling a chicken carcass to make my own broth, the way my mom always did.
While it's not QUITE as good as the true all-from-scratch soups, it's
definitely the next best thing, and so much easier! It beats canned soup by a
long shot. Bear in mind that this recipe gets much of its flavor from the
chicken broth you choose, so make sure to get one you really like. I went with
Swanson broth and it came out with a flavor reminiscent of ramen noodles
(which I happen to like), but if you're pickier you might want to look for
something high-end or make your own.

Matti Garrow

Rating: 5 stars

07/19/2009

Thanks for sharing your recipe...this dish is perfect. I make this soup once a
month for my husband who is on chemo...sometimes it is all he eats for about 3
days!! Even my 4 yr old daughter eats two bowls of this soup...she loves it.
Thanks again for sharing.

MOONGRAPHX

Rating: 5 stars

10/27/2006

I have been using this recipe for two years now. If I do not have the fresh
carrots, I use frozen sliced carrots or frozen peas & carrots. Tastes great
and is so easy to make especially when the cold/flu season hits!

Erinosu

Rating: 5 stars

03/14/2011

Very good. My husband prepared and added more noodles than what the recipe
called for and it was very good and easy to make!

CakeFACE

Rating: 5 stars

03/15/2011

I have to start off by saying that I am not a fan of chicken noodle soup, but
my boyfriend on the other hand LOVES it. So when he was sick a few weeks ago I
thought I'd be the loving girlfriend and make him chicken noodle soup that's
not from a can. This recipe was so easy and delicious that even I had some. I
made this soup again last night since the bf has been begging me to make this
again. This recipe is definitely a keeper and I will continue making this for
a long time! Thanks for the great recipe Maryvm!

yummyinmytummy

Rating: 5 stars

01/04/2012

WOW...I really wasn't expecting much, but this turned out really great...just
what I needed since I am sick with a cold. I didn't have all the ingredients
that the recipe called for so I just threw together what I had and hoped for
the best. Sauteed a little onion and garlic in butter. Added 2 cans chicken
broth. The rest of a box of bow tie pasta, a little oregano, salt and pepper,
a few bite size carrots chopped tiny and one chicken breast cut into small
pieces that I cooked in olive oil with a little Tony's seasoning. Simmered.
Awesome and Simple! My daughter loved it too!

Nicholas Ferrera

Rating: 5 stars

12/07/2010

My family loves chicken soup,but it is usually made in a large pot from
scratch and takes about 3 hours.It is delecious.However my wife was out and my
kids had colds and I didnt have time to cook soup for 3 hours.I tried this
recipie and my kids absolutely loved loved loved it.It was quick easy and
tasted great.Soup from scratch is a little richer tasting but this was a huge
hit.My mom could not believe it took less than 40 minutes to cook.She has made
chicken soup from scratch for years and she asked for the recipie so she can
make a quick chicken soup.Only complaint is that if your making it for alot of
people buying all that broth can get a little pricy,otherwise it was
great.Kids asked me to make it twice already in the last 3 weeks.great and
quick chicken noodle soup.5 stars.

B_32

Rating: 4 stars

02/20/2008

I enjoyed this soup. Definitely not as good as 100% from scratch soup but an
acceptable substitute when you don't have time. I followed the directions to
the letter except for I added my chicken breast raw, did not have the problem
of the foam on top. The basil and oregano give it a different flavor, not like
traditional chicken soup that I'm used to, I almost left it out but I wanted
to give the original recipe a chance, and I'm glad I did as the broth was
tasty. Next time I'm going to add some peas to up the veggies. Here's a tip:
the 900 mL Campbells (or Knorr)chicken broth in a carton is equivalent to 3
cans of soup. Thanks for the recipe.

AGGIEMA

Rating: 5 stars

04/16/2013

As said... IS QUICK & EASY!!! Our son was suffering from allergies.. Bad sore
throat...head ache. Decided it was time for Mom to make some good ole fashion
Chicken Noodle soup. Followed the advice of Brown Sugar Girl.. Turned out
AWESOME!!! Great cure for a bad cold/allergies!!! BUT..is also great on a
chilly, rainy evening..or really ANYTIME!!!! Thanks, Maryvm, for a quick,
easy..BUT yummy chicken noodle soup!!!

Julie Brookhiser

Rating: 4 stars

02/06/2012

Pretty good homemade soup - a bit bland. You can easily add more spicy
ingredients. But all in all... a real good soup.

DAK133

Rating: 5 stars

02/15/2005

I changed the serving size to 6 and added two cans of cream of chicken soup.
Gave it a great flavor and a nice creamy base. Instead of egg noodles I used
the small ring pasta which did not soak up any broth at all. I also waited
until last minute to add. Everybody loved it and had several bowls.
Outstanding!!!!!

Eileen Cervantes

Rating: 4 stars

12/13/2010

a quick, simple, and delicious meal!

Nicole Hermann Coovert

Rating: 5 stars

02/14/2011

Perfecto!!!!! amazing chicken soup!

Chris H

Rating: 5 stars

07/30/2006

This may be the best chicken noodle soup I have ever had! I used one can of
cream of chicken soup as others have suggested. You will need to stir this a
long time to get it blended. Also, I used an 11 oz. can of V-8 because I could
not find veg. broth. I added about a cup of water to cut down the saltiness of
the V-8. I would suggest using small egg noodles. I used the extra wide kind
because that was what I had on hand and they are too big for your spoon. This
soup looks and tastes restaurant quality. Thanks Vincenza!

Luv2cook

Rating: 5 stars

02/17/2010

I am not feeling well this week and needed some comfort. I have never made
Chicken Noodle Soup but, this was exactly what I needed. Thanks.

WIFE2SP

Rating: 4 stars

12/20/2013

This is a good starter recipe

Shannon Hoague

Rating: 5 stars

04/13/2012

Awesome recipe. I used rotisserie chicken, double the veggies and added a bit
of garlic and a bay leaf. Came out wonderful. Thanks for the recipe!

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

##  All Reviews for Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

Servings Per Recipe: 6  
Calories: 161.5  

% Daily Value *

protein:  13.4g  27 %

carbohydrates:  12.1g  4 %

dietary fiber:  1.6g  6 %

sugars:  3.7g

fat:  6.1g  9 %

saturated fat:  2.1g  11 %

cholesterol:  46.4mg  16 %

vitamin a iu:  3918.7IU  78 %

niacin equivalents:  5.8mg  45 %

vitamin b6:  0.2mg  11 %

vitamin c:  2mg  3 %

folate:  28mcg  7 %

calcium:  30.5mg  3 %

iron:  1mg  6 %

magnesium:  18.1mg  7 %

potassium:  174.4mg  5 %

sodium:  1356.8mg  54 %

thiamin:  0.1mg  8 %

calories from fat:  54.6

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 2382

Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

1 of 536 Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

Allrecipes Member

Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

2 of 536 Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

krichard0408

Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

3 of 536 Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

LadyShawshank

Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

4 of 536 Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

Allrecipes Magazine

Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

5 of 536 Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

Drake Kohn

Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

6 of 536 Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

froggirl7

Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

7 of 536 Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

Kara Lyn Schindler

Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

8 of 536 Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

Erne

Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

9 of 536 Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

sally

Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

10 of 536 Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

ShauntaG

Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

11 of 536 Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

Shannon Adler

Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

12 of 536 Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

Lisa Freiberg

Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

13 of 536 Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

Sean Hearne

Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

14 of 536 Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

Tocci

Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

15 of 536 Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

cnikee2

Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

16 of 536 Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

chris

Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

17 of 536 Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

trishrdh

Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

18 of 536 Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

MrMadkins

Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

19 of 536 Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

Dingmants

Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

20 of 536 Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

LMajeski

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Quick and Easy Chicken Noodle Soup

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

