https://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/vegetable-noodle-soup


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Recipes & Cooking
  * Drinks
  * Travel
  * Holidays + Events
  * News
  * F&W; Classic
  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Subscribe  Subscribe

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore Food & Wine

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * F&W Cooks

####  F&W; Cooks

Food and Wine presents a new network of food pros delivering the most cookable
recipes and delicious ideas online.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

####  Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

Looking to amp up your beef stew but unsure where to start? A slow cooker can
can take your comfort food to the next level.  Read More

    * 50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

####  50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

We’ve assembled a list of 50 of the world’s most reliable, inexpensive wines –
bottles that offer amazing quality for their price year in and year out.  Read
More

  * Recipes & Cooking

### Recipes & Cooking

See All Recipes & Cooking

    * Chicken
    * Comfort Food
    * Breakfast + Brunch
    * Salads
    * Desserts
    * Vegetables
    * Pasta + Noodles
    * Chefs
    * Meat + Poultry
    * Soup
    * Appetizers
    * Side Dishes
    * Fruits
    * Seafood
    * Special Diets
    * Cooking Techniques
    * Steal This Trick

  * Drinks

### Drinks

See All Drinks

    * Wine
    * Spirits
    * Coffee
    * Juices
    * Beer
    * Champagne + Sparkling Wine
    * Tea

  * Travel

### Travel

See All Travel

    * Wine Regions
    * Restaurants

  * Holidays + Events

### Holidays + Events

See All Holidays + Events

    * Valentine's Day
    * Halloween
    * Passover
    * Hanukkah
    * Christmas
    * Gifts
    * Super Bowl
    * Easter
    * Thanksgiving
    * New Year's Eve
    * Holiday Entertaining

  * News
  * F&W; Classic

### F&W; Classic

See All F&W; Classic

    * F&W; Classic Insider
    * Food & Wine Classic in Aspen

  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Subscribe  this link opens in a new tab

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Vegetable Noodle Soup

# Vegetable Noodle Soup

Rating: 2 stars

1 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 0 
  * 4 star values: 0 
  * 3 star values: 0 
  * 2 star values: 1 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 1 Rating 
  * 1 Review 

Nothing fancy, nothing new, just a beautifully basic vegetable soup that can
accommodate whatever vegetables you have on hand. We've listed plenty of
possibilities below, but the variations are infinite. **Slideshow:** Noodle
Soups

By Food & Wine

March 2012

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Vegetable Noodle Soup

Credit: (C) Helene Dujardin

## Recipe Summary

Yield:

4

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * 2 tablespoons cooking oil 
  * 2 onions, chopped 
  * 3 carrots, halved lengthwise and cut crosswise into 1/2-inch slices 
  * 2 ribs celery, cut into 1/2-inch slices 
  * 1 1/2 quarts canned low-sodium chicken broth or homemade stock 
  * 1 3/4 cups canned diced tomatoes with their juice (one 15-ounce can) 
  * 1 tablespoon tomato paste 
  * 1/2 pound potatoes, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch dice 
  * 1/2 pound green beans, halved 
  * 1 1/4 teaspoons salt 
  * 3 ounces fine egg noodles (about 1 cup) 
  * 1/3 cup chopped fresh parsley 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

In a large saucepan, heat the oil over moderately low heat. Add the onions,
carrots, and celery and cook, stirring occasionally, until the vegetables
start to soften, about 10 minutes. Stir in the broth, tomatoes, tomato paste,
potatoes, green beans, and salt. Bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer,
partially covered, until the vegetables are almost tender, about 20 minutes.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Stir in the egg noodles. Bring the soup back to a simmer and cook until the
vegetables and noodles are tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in the parsley.

##  Notes

Variations  
Feel free to mix and match vegetable combinations according to what you like
and what you have on hand. Other excellent soup vegetables include: fennel,
celery root, cabbage, parsnips, turnips, peas, zucchini, squash, shredded
greens, corn, lima beans, and bell peppers.

##  Suggested Pairing

With this soup, try one of the lean and aromatic Cabernet Francs from the
North Fork of Long Island, New York. These wines have less tannin than
Cabernet Sauvignon and a distinct herbal, sometimes vegetal, flavor.

Advertisement

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews (1)

Add Rating & Review

Sort by:  Newest

Newest Oldest

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 2 stars

12/22/2021

honestly this is only good for a rough list of what to buy, the amounts are
almost all off. you need at least one extra stalk of celery, 2 isnt enough,
calls for wayyyy too many potatoes (i only needed one large one) and calls for
way too many green beans and wayyy not enough pasta i had to boil another pot.
it also has to order wrong of which vegetables will soften when, you need to
put to potatoes in with the first round of vegetables. it also seems
nonsensincal to add tomato paste and buy a whole can for this small amount,
your already adding tomatoes and the juice from the can. this also WILL NOT
FIT into a sauce pan, you have to start it there and then move it to a large
pot. as well as theres only salt and parsley as seasoning? youre going to need
to add at least pepper, garlic, basil, and oregano to even taste it. worked
fine enough for me as i already know how to cook and just needed a list of
ingredients

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Vegetable Noodle Soup

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Vegetable Noodle Soup

##  All Reviews for Vegetable Noodle Soup

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Food & Wine

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Books from Food & Wine
  * Contact Us
  * Advertise
  * Content Licensing
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithFood & Wine is part of the Meredith Corporation Allrecipes Food Group.
(C) Copyright 2022 Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Privacy
Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in a new
tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis link
opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Food & Wine. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.foodandwine.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Vegetable Noodle Soup

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

