https://cafedelites.com/chicken-noodle-soup/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

Cafe Delites

for good food lovers

  * Recipe Index
  * About Me
    * BOOKS
  * Contact Me
    * Policies
      * Disclaimer
      * Copyright
    * MEDIA

You are here: Home / Recipes / Chicken Noodle Soup

By Karina 51 Comments Filed Under: Chicken

# Chicken Noodle Soup

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

## Homemade Chicken Noodle Soup loaded with vegetables and a delicious broth
made from scratch! One pot…one soup!

A homemade easy to make Chicken Noodle Soup perfect for any day of the week!
With the broth AND the soup made from scratch in under an hour, you will be
craving this often! Healthy, low calorie, filling with incredible flavours!

## Chicken Noodle Soup

This is one recipe that we cook so often because it's the best and most
delicious way to get our veggies in with no one complaining. Why?

  * Broth = good.
  * Chicken = fall apart good.
  * Egg noodles = carb good (sub with zucchini noodles for a low carb option).

There's no need to use a whole chicken to make the broth for this. We cut
corners in this family by using bone-in skinless chicken thighs. No skimming
broth needed. No need to make a separate broth. Just one soup in one pot, and
all from scratch!

## Chicken Broth Recipe

The flavours that develop from cooking your chicken right into this soup from
scratch are so much better and richer than just adding pre-cooked chicken or
shredded rotisserie chicken at the end.

With a few chicken thighs (or legs) thrown in, the extra time boiling them and
getting all that flavour wins over store bought broth every time.

## How To Make Chicken Soup

We start this soup with a simple **Soffritto (Sofrito or Mirepoix).** Also
know as the holy trinity of cooking. A simple combination of three aromatics:

  * Onion
  * Celery
  * Carrots

The three are sautéed together to provide the flavour base for this soup.

For a hearty and flavourful soup, **Chicken Thighs or Legs** are ideal. The
darker meats along with the bones provide a stronger taste compared to white
meat (breast), creating a richer broth with plenty of flavour. Add them in
along with your broth (or stock) after your soffritto is done.

**Crushed Bouillon** is an optional add in and go in along with your broth
providing a lot of flavour. If you don't have access to bouillon, use regular
stock powder or omit!

Simmer until the chicken is falling off the bone and cooked through, then
shred chicken with forks and throw the meat back into the soup.

### What else goes in Chicken Noodle Soup?

This recipe is extremely forgiving in that you can add or take out whatever
you like, don't like.

**Vegetables:** our recipe suggests green beans, corn kernels and spinach. You
could also add zucchini, cabbage, pumpkin, sweet potato or potatoes and peas
(we use frozen and add them in just before the spinach)! You can make it your
own.

**Noodles:** I love using vermicelli egg noodles in our soup, but you can use
thin spaghetti, angel hair, a fat noodle or any other type of pasta you like.

As with all cooking, remember to carefully taste test, then season with a
little extra salt and pepper if needed.

## Homemade Chicken Soup Add Ins

Feel free to add in fresh or dried herbs, such as thyme, basil, oregano or
rosemary to the liquid while the chicken is simmering.

Also, a good amount of black cracked pepper or crushed red chili flakes to
kick up the spice if you like heat.

Of course, nothing says a big bowl of comfort like a steaming hot bowl of
soups and some fresh bread rolls or garlic bread to mop up the broth
afterwards.

### Love soup? Try these!

Beef Cabbage Soup | Lentil Soup | Easy Broccoli Cheese Soup | 10-Minute White
Bean Parmesan Spinach Soup | Slow Cooker Creamy Tortellini Soup | Creamy
Roasted Tomato Basil Soup (No Cream)

# Chicken Noodle Soup

Homemade Chicken Noodle Soup loaded with vegetables with a delicious broth
made from scratch! One pot...one soup! Perfect for any day of the week with
the broth AND the soup made from scratch in under 45 minutes. You will love
this!

PRINT SAVE go to your favorites

Prep: 10 mins

Cook: 45 mins

Total: 55 mins

Serves: 6 people

### Ingredients

  * 1 tablespoon olive oil
  * 1 large onion diced
  * 4 cloves garlic minced
  * 2 large carrots chopped
  * 1 rib celery chopped
  * 6 skinless chicken thighs, bone in (or 8 legs)
  * 2 quarts (litres) chicken stock or broth
  * 1-2 chicken bouillon cubes, crushed (adjust to your tastes)
  * 7 oz (200 g) green beans, chopped in thirds
  * 3/4 cup corn kernels
  * 4 oz (120 g) baby spinach leaves
  * 1/2 quart (litre) of water, as needed
  * 6 oz (200 g) vermicelli or egg noodles (or angel hair pasta)
  * Salt and pepper, to taste
  * 1/4 cup fresh parsley, finely chopped

### Instructions

  * Heat oil in a large pot over medium heat. Cook onion for 2 minutes, then add garlic, celery and carrots; cook for 5 minutes.

  * Add the chicken thighs, broth (stock), crushed bouillon, green beans and corn kernels. Top up with water if needed to cover all of the ingredients.

  * Increase heat and bring to a boil for about 4 minutes. Reduce heat, partially cover the pot with a lid, and allow to simmer for 20 minutes or until the chicken is cooked through.

  * Transfer chicken to a plate and shred the meat; discard the bones.

  * Add the chicken back into the soup along with the noodles. Cover and cook for 6-8 minutes while stirring occasionally to separate noodles.

  * Stir in the spinach leaves and allow to wilt in the soup (about 3 minutes, pressing leaves into the liquid with the tip of a wooden spoon). Mix parsley through. Season with salt and pepper, to taste.

  * Serve warm.

### Nutrition

Calories: 324kcal | Carbohydrates: 33g | Protein: 27g | Fat: 9g | Saturated
Fat: 1g | Cholesterol: 120mg | Sodium: 694mg | Potassium: 427mg | Fiber: 3g |
Sugar: 4g | Vitamin A: 6300IU | Vitamin C: 39.2mg | Calcium: 95mg | Iron:
3.3mg

« Creamy Tuscan Scallops

Maple Glazed Ham »

### Subscribe to Cafe Delites FOR FREE and Receive Recipes Straight Into Your
Inbox!

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Tonya says

October 21, 2020 at 2:30 am

  
AH-MAY-ZING. This was THE BEST chicken noodle soup ever!!!!

Reply

  2. Hannah says

October 11, 2020 at 2:40 pm

  
Holy jaysus! This was delicious! I made this for my friend who is currently in
labour, but I want it all for myself now!  
I don’t really cook, but I am so proud of myself with this one! Recipe for
life!

Reply

  3. Hita says

September 10, 2020 at 11:11 pm

  
So yum I don’t know how many helping I took . This is perfect for a rainy
weather

Reply

  4. Jacinta Murray says

June 02, 2020 at 7:54 pm

  
Made this tonight & it was the best my husband & I loved it so much. Thank you
for a great recipe.

Reply

    * Gail says

November 19, 2020 at 1:36 pm

  
I made this tonight and my husband said “this is what chicken soup is supposed
to taste like!” Fantastic recipe and a new family favorite. I used chunky
bites of zucchini instead of spinach and peas instead of corn. Also at the end
I added sautéed chunky bites mushrooms for my husband’s & my bowl and sautéed
Brussels sprouts in just his. We wouldn’t do this every time but it’s cold
weather, already have some snow on the ground and we just wanted to make it a
bit more rustic.

Reply

  5. Jem Graham says

May 20, 2020 at 5:48 pm

With the nutrition data, I'm guessing it's per serving, but how many grams or
cups is a serving?

PS: Love the soup I've made it 3 times already in the last couple of weeks!

Reply

  6. Francesca says

March 22, 2020 at 8:52 am

I made this today and it was amazing!! Thanks for sharing yet another great
recipe.

Reply

  7. Michala says

January 26, 2020 at 7:45 am

  
Thank you for this great recipe! I used vermicelli and added some curry
powder. I also used frozen spinach, just thawed and drained before I added it.
Delicious!

Reply

  8. Jo says

January 07, 2020 at 8:01 pm

  
Absolutely delicious! My first time making a chicken soup and it turned out
great. Didn’t have any premade stock on hand so used 2 litres water with 2
beef stock cubes. The soup turned out darker with a rich flavour.

I have bookmarked this recipe - it will be a go to from now on.

Reply

  9. Sally Mihihara Steedman says

September 11, 2019 at 11:55 am

  
Can't beat this recipe.

Reply

    * Robert Querio says

December 08, 2019 at 6:55 am

For less calories and no carbs, use Miracle Noodles or Pasta Zero. Also, add a
little Better Than Bullion for another flavor boost.

Reply

  10. DrewB says

September 09, 2019 at 12:36 pm

Very good! I ended up making this very bare-bones, no corn or green beans at
my daughter's request. We really enjoyed it and will be making it again!

Reply

  11. Linda says

July 14, 2019 at 10:47 am

  
Hi, I must say it is the best chicken noodle soup I have had, I only had
chicken drum stick in my freezer but really it doesn't matter you can use any
type of chicken, I have made it twice now love it and thank you

Reply

  12. Sunny says

July 03, 2019 at 6:19 pm

  
This turn out really really nice! Fast and easy to make too, thank you so
much! It was my first attempt to make chicken noodle soup.

Reply

  13. Sarah says

June 03, 2019 at 8:39 pm

Made this recipe, no bouillon cube. Used vermicelli rice noodles, which turned
out lovely and light. I found it quite bland so added extra water and some
powdered French onion soup. The rest of the family enjoyed it as it was.
Overall, very successful dinner, thank you.

Reply

  14. Rich says

May 30, 2019 at 12:00 pm

  
I make this about every 2 weeks. My favorite veggies are broccoli and corn as
I like the yellow and green colors. I have tried spinach and don't like the
mouth feel. I have tried various pastas and have chosen Fusilli as my
favorite. I use both boneless breasts and thighs. I add Itailian seasoning and
pepper. I start off with bacon. I have been looking for a recipe like this for
years. I will make this for the rest of my life. Thanks.

Reply

  15. Michelle Gentry-Wiseman says

March 19, 2019 at 8:55 am

  
LOVED this recipe - and everyone in my family felt the same. I used gluten
free noodles and I had thighs with skin on so, I used them and took the skin
off after they were cooked. I will be making this recipe on a regular basis!!

Reply

    * Ileana says

June 28, 2019 at 4:35 am

I never ever comment on recipes, even good ones (a ungrateful posture I should
perhaps reconsider), but having just made this recipe and been bowled over, I
had to come on here to thank you for conceiving and walking me through the
most loving recipe I've ever made for myself. I'm sick and working from home,
and this soup is comforting, delicious, nourishing, and, as you rightly point
out, forgiving and flexible. I used half a package of frozen sweet potato
cubes (at the beginning) and a whole bag of baby spinach, as indicated, and I
shredded a large cube of ginger into the soup at the simmering phase. I
haven't had a better chicken soup anywhere. Thank you very much for creating
and sharing this wonderful recipe.

Reply

      * Ileana says

June 28, 2019 at 4:37 am

*AN* ungrateful posture

Reply

  16. Taylor says

March 16, 2019 at 10:36 am

  
This recipe is so easy and so delicious. Will definitely be making this again!

Reply

  17. Heather says

March 14, 2019 at 7:40 am

  
There's nothing better than homemade chicken soup! Love this recipe. Going to
give it a try!

Reply

  18. Cris says

March 06, 2019 at 6:17 pm

  
So easy to follow the receipe and tastes delicious! This is a keeper!

Reply

  19. Paula says

March 05, 2019 at 9:33 am

Since our South Texas weather is bi-polar this year, I decided this was the
perfect recipe to try. This was perfect! The spinach was an awesome addition.
Thanks for the recipe! This will be a staple.

Reply

  20. Valleycat1 says

March 02, 2019 at 1:14 pm

I brown the chicken along with the sofrito veggies. Then proceed with the
added liquid etc. Adds a good depth of flavor. This is my go-to method for any
chicken or beef stews, soups, pot roast.

Reply

  21. Lisa says

March 01, 2019 at 9:56 am

  
Absolutely the best chicken soup! The whole family loved it.

Reply

  22. Laya says

January 28, 2019 at 1:19 am

  
This recipe turned out sooo delicious. I used the flat egg noodle, omitted the
green beans, corn and spinach, and added lemon juice from a whole lemon to
help fight off a cold. Oh, and my grocery store did not have skinless bone in
thighs, so I had to get skinless, boneless thighs (still turned out juicy and
shredded apart easily). Thanks for this!

Reply

    * Robyn says

August 19, 2019 at 11:52 pm

  
Absolutely delish! Thanks for the recipe.

Reply

  23. Danielle McCandless says

January 16, 2019 at 2:19 pm

Can I use boneless skinless thighs?

Reply

    * Johnny Rohtten says

March 13, 2020 at 7:33 pm

no - it will have no taste !

Reply

  24. Krizia says

January 04, 2019 at 12:46 pm

  
Made this recipe tonight. Your directions were easy to follow and the soup
taste delicious! Saved this recipe for the future. Thanks 🙂

Reply

  25. Jennifer Roscioli says

October 30, 2018 at 11:57 pm

Do I boil the raw chicken in with the veggies ?

Reply

    * Karina says

November 01, 2018 at 11:16 pm

Yes, it adds so much flavor to the chicken. You will not be disappointed! Hope
you enjoy! XOXO

Reply

  26. Rich says

October 22, 2018 at 10:18 am

  
I used boneless. chicken thighs, Pacific Foods organic bone broth unsalted.(90
mg).and Italian Seasoning. Not salty enough for me but others on a low salt
diet might appreciate it. Next time I'll try a bone broth with some more salt
and experiment from there.

Reply

    * Anna says

December 31, 2018 at 5:34 am

  
Add some slap your mama in there and a couple teaspoons of chicken base 🙂

Reply

  27. Momica says

October 10, 2018 at 1:00 pm

Is the sodium high on this one? Or is that normal for soup???

Reply

    * Tom says

November 17, 2019 at 12:49 pm

  
Use no salt chicken broth and don't add salt, just pepper. We slice carrots in
a garlic slicer, gets the pieces really thin. Also use corn cut off the cob
and scrape cob, much better. We use herbs to enhance flavor.

Reply

  28. Steph says

October 09, 2018 at 8:42 am

Hi. I can’t wait to try this recipe. I have a question concerning the bouillon
cube. Usually I make the chicken stock by adding water to the bouillon cube.
So in that case I do the chicken stock with bouillon and water and I add the
extra bouillon cube? Thanks 🙂

Reply

    * Karina says

October 12, 2018 at 4:40 pm

You do not need to mix the bullion cube before putting it into the soup. It
will just be added with the other ingredients.

Reply

  29. Stephanie Rivera says

October 06, 2018 at 3:39 am

  
Hands down the best chicken soup I’ve ever had in my LIFE! I ommited some of
the veggies, but used more celery, carrots, and corn to compensate. Oh and btw
I live in Houston Texas. The fact that my friends and I ate several bowls of
it while it was 90 degrees outside shows how incredible it really is. 12/10 ⭐️

Reply

  30. Jasmine says

September 08, 2018 at 9:32 pm

  
Great recipe - super tasty 🙂 added extra garlic and it was divine! mother in
law loved it which was a relief haha

Reply

  31. Casey says

July 27, 2018 at 12:05 pm

  
Tried this last night and it was a wonderful, vegetable laden soup. I actually
cooked with a whole free range chicken and modified the cooking time a little
with my past experience boiling whole chickens.

I didn't use bouillon powder which probably made the soup taste a little flat
everyone at the dinner table, including my toddler happily ate it. Using
alphabet pasta probably helped.

Reply

  32. Sharon says

June 16, 2018 at 5:59 pm

  
So good! And easy. I'm not usually the biggest soup person but this is tasty.
Thank you

Reply

    * Karina says

June 19, 2018 at 2:40 am

Oh that is great to hear! I am glad that you tried it and liked it. Thanks so
much for sharing! XO

Reply

  33. catriona Kelly says

June 15, 2018 at 6:04 am

Can you use breast of chicken instead of thigh or leg as I only like this

Reply

    * Karina says

June 15, 2018 at 2:00 pm

Yes, of course! You are welcome to change or substitute any of my recipes to
make your own. I am so glad that you chose one of my recipes to make! Enjoy!!
XO

Reply

  34. Tanya says

April 30, 2018 at 10:16 pm

  
The only recipe I will ever use to make chicken noodle soup. Absolutely
delish!

Reply

  35. Ana says

March 29, 2018 at 12:22 am

  
Just made this soup today and o, my world it's so yummy and delicious xxx will
be definitely in my menu ??

Reply

  36. RobinG says

March 22, 2018 at 4:34 am

Going to try this in the slow cooker! Hope it works out! I’m using spinach,
mushrooms, maybe carrots, Zach’s, and leftover rotisserie chicken!

Reply

    * Korina K. says

January 23, 2019 at 12:14 pm

How did it work out in the slow cooker? I would like to try it.

Reply

  37. LaTrice says

March 19, 2018 at 2:08 pm

I LOVE chicken noodle soup. It's the ultimate comfort food at its finest.
Can't wait to make this recipe!! 🙂

Reply

  38. Wendy says

March 19, 2018 at 12:16 am

That looks so good.I have no doubt it will taste great, like all of your other
recipes I've tried.

Chicken Noodle Soup. The Ultimate comfort food.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### LOOKING FOR A RECIPE? SEARCH HERE!

Search this website

### HEY Good Food Lovers! It's nice to see you!

Welcome! My name is Karina and this is my internet kitchen hang-out. A self-
confessed _balanced_ _foodie_ sharing some waistline friendly recipes that are
_full_ of flavour. Life is too short for bland and boring. …

Read More

### Connect with Karina – Cafe Delites

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

## Footer

### Subscribe to Cafe Delites FOR FREE and Receive Recipes Straight Into Your
Inbox!

### CONNECT WITH KARINA - CAFE DELITES

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

Search this website

### Archives

Archives Select Month December 2020  November 2020  June 2020  May 2020  April
2020  March 2020  February 2020  January 2020  December 2019  November 2019
September 2019  August 2019  April 2019  March 2019  February 2019  January
2019  December 2018  November 2018  October 2018  September 2018  August 2018
July 2018  June 2018  May 2018  April 2018  March 2018  February 2018  January
2018  December 2017  November 2017  October 2017  September 2017  August 2017
July 2017  June 2017  May 2017  April 2017  March 2017  February 2017  January
2017  December 2016  November 2016  October 2016  September 2016  August 2016
July 2016  June 2016  May 2016  April 2016  March 2016  February 2016  January
2016  December 2015  November 2015  October 2015  September 2015  August 2015
July 2015  June 2015  May 2015  April 2015  March 2015  February 2015  January
2015  December 2014  November 2014  October 2014  September 2014  August 2014
July 2014  June 2014  May 2014  April 2014

### Categories

Categories Select Category Appetizers Asian Beef Beverages Bread Breakfast
Cakes, Blondies and Brownies Cheesecakes Chicken Chinese Christmas Churros
Cookies Dessert Dinner Dips Donuts Easter French Toast Game Day Greek Inspired
Ham Italian Inspired Lamb Low Carb Lunch Mexican Inspired Recipes Muffins My
Book In Previews One Pot Meals Pancakes And Crepes Pasta Pies Pork Recipes
Round Ups Salads Savoury Tooth Fix Seafood Sheet Pan Sides Slow Cooker
Smoothies and Milkshakes Snacks Soup Sweet Tooth Fix Thanksgiving Turkey
Vegetarian Waffles Weekly Meal Plan

COPYRIGHT (C) 2022 CAFE DELITES. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy

