https://leitesculinaria.com/310962/recipes-butter-basted-fish-garlic-thyme.html


Skip to content

Leite's Culinaria

Search for:

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Become a Recipe Tester!
    * Advanced Search
    * Round-Ups
    * Recipe Videos
  * David Blahg
    * Archives
    * Books
      * Notes on a Banana
      * New Portuguese Table
  * Writings
    * Essays
    * How To & What Is
    * News & Trends
    * Never Cook Naked™
    * He Said, She Said
    * Food History | Science
  * Podcast
  * Giveaways
    * Sweepstakes Rules
    * All Winners
    * Giveaway FAQs
  * About
    * Masthead
    * Let’s Tawk
  * Shop
    * Leite's Loves…®
    * Faves & Picks
  * Login

  * Summer Favorites
  * All Recipes
  * Writings
    * The David Blahg
  * Podcast
  * Giveaways
  * About Us
    * Subscribe to Newsletter

Home » Recipes » Butter Basted Fish with Garlic and Thyme

# Butter Basted Fish with Garlic and Thyme

|  0published Apr 02, 2021  
posted by  LC Editors | photo by America’s Test Kitchen  
This post may contain affiliate links. If you make a purchase, we may make a
small commission.

Shares663PinShareTweetYummlyShare on FlipboardEmailHeart this post

Jump to Recipe

 __

_Butter basted fish with garlic and thyme from America 's Test Kitchen and
Cook's Illustrated is a crazy quick and indulgent way to put a healthful
dinner on the table pronto. Here's how._

Adapted from America's Test Kitchen | The Complete America’s Test Kitchen TV
Show Cookbook 2001-2021 | America’s Test Kitchen, 2020

Butter basting sounds like music to the ears: The technique involves
repeatedly spooning sizzling butter over food as it cooks. The butter bath,
which is also a classic method for cooking big beef steaks, is great for mild,
lean, flaky fish. The hot butter helps cook the top of the fillet as the
skillet heats the bottom, allowing you to flip the delicate fish only once and
early in the cooking process before the flesh has become too fragile.
Throughout the process, the butter browns and coats the mild fish in savory
flavor, adding richness. We add thyme sprigs and crushed garlic cloves to the
pan, which infuse the butter as it heats and makes for an aromatic dish. Lemon
wedges are a must; the brightness of the lemon juice cuts through the butter's
richness. **–America’s Test Kitchen**

### *What kind of fish can I use?

Any firm, flaky white fish works wonders here as long as it's approximately 1
inch thick, whether fresh or frozen, thawed, and patted completely dry. That
includes cod, halibut, black sea bass, haddock, or hake.

## Butter Basted Fish With Garlic and Thyme

Butter basted fish with garlic and thyme from America's Test Kitchen and
Cook's Illustrated is a crazy quick and indulgent way to put a healthful
dinner on the table pronto. Here's how.

America’s Test Kitchen

Prep 10 mins

Cook 10 mins

Total 20 mins

Mains

American

2 servings

321 kcal

5 from 1 vote

Print Recipe

Want it? Click it.

### Ingredients

USMetric

  * ▢ Two (6 to 8 ounce) skinless firm white fish fillets* such as cod, halibut, black sea bass, haddock, or hake, 1 inch (25 mm) thick
  * ▢ 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
  * ▢ 1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon mild vegetable oil
  * ▢ 3 tablespoons (1 1/2 oz) unsalted butter cut into 1/2-inch (12-mm) cubes
  * ▢ 2 garlic cloves crushed and peeled
  * ▢ 4 sprigs fresh thyme
  * ▢ Lemon wedges for serving

### Directions



  * Pat all sides of fillets dry with paper towels. Sprinkle on all sides with salt and pepper.

  * In a 12-inch (30-cm) nonstick skillet over medium-high heat, warm oil until hot but not smoking.

  * Reduce heat to medium and place fish skinned side down in the skillet. Using a fish spatula, gently press on each fillet for 5 seconds to ensure good contact with a skillet. Cook the fish, without moving it, until the underside is light golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes.

  * Using 2 spatulas, gently flip fillets and cook for 1 minute more.

  * Scatter the butter around the fish. When the butter is melted, tilt skillet slightly toward you so that butter pools at front of skillet. Using large spoon, scoop up melted butter and pour over the fish repeatedly for 15 seconds. Place skillet flat on burner and continue to cook 30 seconds more. Tilt skillet and baste for 15 seconds.

  * Place the skillet flat on burner and take temperature of thickest part of each fillet. Continue to alternate basting and cooking until fillets reach 130°F (54°C), about 2 minutes more.

  * Add garlic and thyme sprigs to skillet at the 12 o’clock position (butter may spatter). When spattering has subsided, continue basting and cooking until fillets reach 135°F (57°C) at the thickest point.

  * Transfer fish fillets to individual plates. Discard garlic. Top each fillet with thyme sprigs, drizzle with the butter in the skillet, and serve with lemon wedges.

Print Recipe

Want it? Click it.

### Show Nutrition

Serving: 1portionCalories: 321kcal (16%)Carbohydrates: 2g (1%)Protein: 35g
(70%)Fat: 20g (31%)Saturated Fat: 12g (75%)Polyunsaturated Fat:
1gMonounsaturated Fat: 5gTrans Fat: 1gCholesterol: 130mg (43%)Sodium: 673mg
(29%)Potassium: 545mg (16%)Fiber: 1g (4%)Sugar: 1g (1%)Vitamin A: 621IU
(12%)Vitamin C: 4mg (5%)Calcium: 36mg (4%)Iron: 1mg (6%)

### Recipe Testers' Reviews

######  Kristen Kennedy

Versatility and simplicity are the hallmarks of this cooking technique. And
once you've mastered the method, you can cook anything from scallops to pork
chops. Change out the herbs to change up the flavor. Add a squeeze of orange
or lime in place of lemon, depending on your protein. The possibilities of
deliciousness are endless.

My cod fillets were 6-oz each. They took 4 minutes on the first side, and then
another 4 on the second with three bastes. I turned off the heat and let them
rest an additional 4 minutes because they were really thick. This makes 2
servings—we had the butter basted fish with garlic and thyme with orzo with
lemon and capers on the side.

######  Nadine Bonda

This is a great recipe for a weeknight. From start to finish it takes fewer
than 15 minutes for this delicious cod dish. This is a simple preparation with
a big reward. The combination of butter, garlic, and thyme are delicious on an
otherwise bland fish. I always think of cod as a fish waiting to happen. It
needs help and simple as this may be, it is just the help it needs to make it
very tasty. The recipe calls for the cod to cook to 135°F. This is the perfect
temperature where the fish is done all the way through, but still has plenty
of moisture in it. I served the butter basted fish with garlic and thyme with
a large salad.

######  Chiyo Ueyama

What an easy and elegant dinner! Butter-basting is something I had only seen
done on TV, so it was interesting to actually do it myself. It was a breeze,
and the internal temperatures were a good guide as to when to take the fish
off the heat. The cooking time was spot-on: 5 minutes on the first side and
almost 4 minutes on the second side. The finished butter basted fish with
garlic and thyme was plump and succulent, and it was absolutely lovely with
the butter, which had become nuttier and richer as it cooked. I served the
fish with steamed fingerling potatoes and broccoli, both of which paired well
with the extra butter sauce on the plate.

######  B. Shanly

I heated the oil to near smoking stage. Once I put the dry fillets in the pan,
they sizzled immediately. I tried turning them at 4 and 5 minutes. Both times,
the fish was stuck (I used a non-stick pan). I didn’t want to go past 5
minutes because I felt the fish would over cook during the basting process.
Unfortunately, when I did flip it, I lost the crust in the bottom of the pan.

Once flipped, I added the butter and once melted, I started basting the fish.
I basted 2 times for 15 seconds prior to adding 2 cloves of garlic and the
thyme. My garlic did not spatter at all. I continued to baste 15 seconds off
the burner for an additional 6 minutes. I did not keep basting for 8-10
minutes as the temperature on the fish would have been over cooked.

This recipe made 2 servings. I did cut off the thinner pieces of cod because I
was concerned that the fish would cook unevenly. I tasted the butter basted
fish with garlic and thyme and it definitely needed lemon when finished. I
would suggest adding it to the butter sauce while the pan is still hot and
prior to drizzling the sauce over the fish.

######  Megan Salazar-Walsh

I eat a lot of fish so I’m definitely adding this to my regular rotation.

The last time I cooked pollock on the stove, it fell apart so quickly I ended
up dumping an unappetizing-looking pile of fish flakes onto my plate. This
recipe really does help maintain the structural integrity of a delicate white
fish fillet so you can retain some semblance of an aesthetically pleasing dish
presentation and salvage your reputation as a cook.

I ended up just ignoring my timer. You’ll need to adjust cooking time a bit
anyway based on your own pan, stove, and thickness of the fillet. Since you
are pretty much “tending” to your fillet the entire time while basting it with
butter, you can really gauge when it’s done without relying on a clock. The
thyme smells absolutely intoxicating while you lean over the pan to spoon the
sizzling butter. Please note the results are almost too buttery…almost.

To balance it out don’t forget to serve with plenty of lemon wedges, and
perhaps a bright fresh green salad and a glass of sauvignon blanc. Did this
recipe blow me away? Well… not exactly. Is this a tasty, easy, and reliable
weekday dinner? Absolutely!

SHOW MORE TESTERS’ REVIEWS

_Originally published April 2, 2021_

### HUNGRY FOR MORE?

  * Baked Fish with Lemon Bread Crumbs

  * Butter Baked Fish

  * Our 40 Most Foolproof Fish Recipes

  * How To Grill Fish

Recipe (C) 2020 America’s Test Kitchen. Photo (C) 2020 America’s Test Kitchen.
All rights reserved. All materials used with permission.

If you make this recipe, snap a photo and hashtag it **#LeitesCulinaria**.
We'd love to see your creations on Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter.

Filed Under: Cooking for Two, Easy, Entrees, Fish & Seafood, French, Gluten-
Free, Healthy Eating, Meatless Mondays, One Pan Cooking, Recipes, Valentine's
Day, Weeknight Winners®

### Have something to say? Cancel reply

Then tell us. Have a picture you'd like to add to your comment? Attach it
below. And as always, please take a gander at our comment policy before
posting.

Comment

Rate this recipe No rating 1 star 2 stars 3 stars 4 stars 5 stars Rate this
recipe!

Have you tried this recipe? Let us know what you think.

Name*

Name*

Website

Upload a picture of your dish  Image

Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

Notify me of new posts by email.

Δ

Search for:

#### How to Grill Steak

``

#### Summer Favorites

  * Homemade Yellow Mustard

Rated **4.75** out of 5

 __106

  * Blueberry Crumble

Rated **4.78** out of 5

 __85

  * Southern Sweet Tea

Rated **4.8** out of 5

 __51

  * Barbecued Beef Back Ribs

Rated **4.84** out of 5

 __47

  * Barbecue Pork Burgers

Rated **4.63** out of 5

 __35

#### Subscribe

DailyEnter your email for our updatesWeeklyOr get everything at once

###### Daily Subscription

Enter your email address and get all of our updates sent to your inbox the
moment they're posted. Be the first on your block to be in the know.

Preview daily e-mail

###### Weekly Subscription

Hate tons of emails? Do you prefer info delivered in a neat, easy-to-digest
(pun intended) form? Then enter your email address for our weekly newsletter.

Preview weekly e-mail

``

(C) 1999–2022 Leite's Culinaria, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of use

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[a-z0-9!#$%&'*+/=?^_`{|}~-]

[a-z0-9!#$%&'*+/=?^_`{|}~-]

[x01-x08x0bx0cx0e-x1fx21x23-x5bx5d-x7f]

[x01-x08x0bx0cx0e-x1fx21x23-x5bx5d-x7f]

[x01-x09x0bx0cx0e-x7f]

[x01-x09x0bx0cx0e-x7f]

[a-z0-9]

[a-z0-9]

[a-z0-9-]

[a-z0-9-]

[(?:(?:25[0-5]

[(?:(?:25[0-5]

[0-4]

[0-4]

[0-9]

[0-9]

[0-5]

[0-5]

[x01-x08x0bx0cx0e-x1fx21-x5ax53-x7f]

[x01-x08x0bx0cx0e-x1fx21-x5ax53-x7f]

[a-z0-9!#$%&'*+/=?^_`{|}~-]

[a-z0-9!#$%&'*+/=?^_`{|}~-]

[x01-x08x0bx0cx0e-x1fx21x23-x5bx5d-x7f]

[x01-x08x0bx0cx0e-x1fx21x23-x5bx5d-x7f]

[x01-x09x0bx0cx0e-x7f]

[x01-x09x0bx0cx0e-x7f]

[a-z0-9]

[a-z0-9]

[a-z0-9-]

[a-z0-9-]

[(?:(?:25[0-5]

[(?:(?:25[0-5]

[0-4]

[0-4]

[0-9]

[0-9]

[0-5]

[0-5]

[x01-x08x0bx0cx0e-x1fx21-x5ax53-x7f]

[x01-x08x0bx0cx0e-x1fx21-x5ax53-x7f]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

Share this ArticleLike this article? Email it to a friend!

Friend's Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address

Comments

Send Email

Email sent!

