https://www.chewoutloud.com/easy-lemon-butter-fish-15-minutes/


Skip to content

  * Welcome
  * Recipe Index
  * My Saved Recipes
  * Shop

  * Search
  * Menu

Close Search

## Search

Search

Search

Close Menu

  * Cook
  * Bake
  * Learn
  * Gather

# Easy Lemon Butter Fish in 20 Minutes

This Easy Lemon Butter Fish only takes 20 minutes and a handful of
ingredients. It's a delicious and nutritious white fish recipe. Pair with rice
and vegetables for a healthy weeknight dinner.

  * â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜… 28 ratings
  * 109 comments
  * Jump to recipe

## Easy Lemon Butter Fish Recipe

Lemon Butter Fish may be more frequently ordered at restaurants than made at
home. It's not your typical Tuesday night, in-between carpool fare.

But it can be. And it is. This Easy Lemon Butter Fish goes from stovetop to
table top in just 20 minutes.

Grab 'n go DIY Lara Bars and Fruity Chia Puddings are fantastic for breakfast
or lunchâ€¦but we shoot for one real-food meal a day, which typically happens at
dinner time.

Not that Chicago style deep dish pizza isn't all fab at 6pm, but Lemon Butter
Fish is a nice and light fish recip that makes you feel pretty good about what
you had for dinner.

You guys may know we're wild about seafood here (some of our faves are rounded
up at the bottom of this post for you.) But often, those dishes get reserved
for the weekends. I don't even know why, since they're just as easy as Quick
Lemon-Basil Chicken.

So. I'm improving our Tuesday night dinner game with this 20-minute Lemon
Butter Fish recipeâ€¦

## Use tender, flaky, mild flavored white fish fillets

This Easy Lemon Butter Fish is fabulous with any tender, flaky, mild flavored
white fish. A firmer white fish works better than soft textured fish. A nice
fresh cod, halibut, or mahi mahi would work beautifully. You'll want 4 good-
sized, firm white fish fillets that are about 6 inches long and 1 inch
thickness. Definitely look for that 1-inch thickness, as thinner fish fillets
don't cook up as nicely.

Just be sure your fillets are about 1-inch thick, to ensure that nice thick
texture. Go for pieces that are about 6â€³ x 3â€³ in length and width. We want
nice-sized pieces. Besides that, a heavy, large and even-cooking skillet is
your kitchen essential. For flipping delicate food like fish, I use an extra
wide stainless steel turner with a smooth/narrow edge to get underneath the
food and flip it easily.

You likely have the remaining ingredients in your kitchen already:

  * 3 TB melted butter (I use salted, but unsalted is fine) -- real butter makes a huge difference in flavor
  * Juice and zest from 1 medium lemon -- avoid bottled lemon juice. If your lemon is on the larger size, use less of it.
  * 1 tsp  **kosher** salt, plus extra to taste (here's why we always use kosher salt in our cooking)
  * 1 tsp paprika, for a bit of smoky flavor and natural color
  * 1 tsp garlic powder; it serves as your weeknight time-saving aromatic
  * 1 tsp onion powder, same as above. 
  * 1/4 tsp freshly ground black pepper; always use fresh peppercorns and grind your black pepper fresh. It makes a huge flavor difference. 
  * 3 TB olive oil; we use olive oil for most of our cooking, which feels healthier to me, as well as works really well with most recipes. We even use it in chocolate cake -- ridiculously moist. 
  * freshly chopped basil or parsley leaves, for garnish and flavor
  * extra lemon slices for serving - kind of a vanity thing, but fish always looks prettier with freshly sliced lemon slivers on top ðŸ™‚

This isn't the typical white-wine reduction situation. We've designed it for
managing the midweek meal crisis, in order to provide the family a dish that's
super easy, quick, and we feel great about.

This Easy Lemon butter Fish is tender, lemony, buttery, and delish for the
whole family.

We're saving pizza night for Friday. ðŸ˜‰

## **Watch us make this easy Lemon Butter Fish:**

## How to Make Easy Lemon Butter Fish:

Print

## Easy Lemon Butter Fish in 15 Minutes

â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…

4.9 from 28 reviews

  * Print
  * Pin
  * Save

_This Easy Lemon Butter Fish only takes 15 minutes and a handful of
ingredients. It 's a delicious and nutritious. Pair with rice and vegetables
for a healthy weeknight dinner._

  * **Prep Time:** 7 mins
  * **Cook Time:** 12 mins
  * **Total Time:** 19 mins

**Yield:** 4 1x

### Ingredients

Copy to clipboardCopy to clipboard

Scale 1x2x3x

  * 4 good-sized _firm_ white fish fillets, about 6 inches long, 1-inch thickness (cod, halibut, or mahi would work well.)
  * 3 TB melted butter (I use salted, but unsalted is fine)
  * Juice and zest from 1 medium lemon
  * 1/2 tsp **kosher** salt, plus extra to taste
  * 1 tsp paprika
  * 1 tsp garlic powder
  * 1 tsp onion powder
  * 1/4 tsp freshly ground black pepper
  * 3 TB olive oil
  * freshly chopped basil or parsley leaves, for garnish and flavor
  * extra lemon slices for serving

### Instructions

  1. Use paper towels to _thoroughly_  pat-dry excess moisture from fish fillets - this step is crucial for fish to brown nicely in pan. Set aside.
  2. In a bowl, combine melted butter, lemon juice and zest, and 1/2 tsp kosher salt. Stir to combine well. Taste and add a bit more kosher salt, if desired.
  3. In a separate bowl, combine the remaining 1/2 tsp kosher salt, paprika, garlic powder, onion powder, and black pepper. Evenly press spice mixture onto all sides of fish fillets.
  4. In a large, heavy pan over medium high heat, heat up the olive oil until hot. Once your oil is sizzling,  Cook 2 fish fillets at a time to avoid overcrowding (allows for even browning.) Cook each side just until fish becomes opaque, feels somewhat firm in the center, and is browned - lightly drizzle some of the lemon butter sauce as you cook, reserving the rest for serving. Take care not to over-cook, as that will result in a tougher texture. Season with extra kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste.
  5. Serve fish with with remaining lemon butter sauce, basil or parsley, and lemon wedges.

### Notes

** Be sure to use coarse kosher salt, not fine table salt. Kosher salt is much
milder and less salty. ** The actual cook time varies, depending on type, cut,
and starting temp of fish. I typically cook about 3-4 minutes per side. I
check for doneness by lightly pressing fillet centers for firmness. Once it
feels somewhat firm, it's usually done. ** Serve with Perfect Instant Pot
Brown Rice or Best Easy Roasted Vegetables Recipe for a healthy meal that
happens to be gluten-free.

If you enjoyed this recipe, we'd love for you to come back and give it a
rating ðŸ™‚

### Nutrition

  * **Serving Size:**
  * **Calories:** 302
  * **Sugar:** 3.2 g
  * **Sodium:** 158.1 mg
  * **Fat:** 19.8 g
  * **Carbohydrates:** 9.9 g
  * **Fiber:** 0.8 g
  * **Protein:** 25.7 g
  * **Cholesterol:** 88.1 mg

  * **Category:** dinner, main dish
  * **Method:** skillet
  * **Cuisine:** American

_**Keywords:** lemon butter fish recipe_

  * Pin
  * Share
  * Yum
  * Email

## Did you make this?

Leave a comment below and tag @chewoutloud on Instagram

## Splendid Seafood:

  1. 15-Minute Ginger Soy Steamed Fish

  1. Grilled Teriyaki Salmon

  1. Cioppino Seafood Stew

  1. Skillet Shrimp Scampi Pasta with Lemon and Basil

  1. 10-Minute Garlic Shrimp

## You might also like

  * Easy Perfect Mahi Mahi Recipe

  * Lemon Garlic Swordfish Recipe

  * White Fish with Garlic Butter Sauce

  * Lemon Butter Cod Recipe

## Add a comment Cancel reply

Recipe rating _â˜…_ _â˜†_ _â˜…_ _â˜†_ _â˜…_ _â˜†_ _â˜…_ _â˜†_ _â˜…_ _â˜†_

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Î”

## 109 comments

  *     * Traveler
    * June 29, 2022
    * â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…

This was marvelous! I used rockfish (snapper). Next time I will double both
the sauce and the rub, except for the paprika. So easy and tasty.

    * Reply

  *     * Elizabeth
    * June 28, 2022

Is the protein content incorrect on the nutritional panel?

    * Reply

    *       * Amy Dong
      * June 29, 2022

Updated, thank you!

      * Reply

  *     * Angelica DeLaGarza
    * June 24, 2022

This was an amazing recipe. I loved it and enjoyed the marriage of the
seasonings. I loved the lemon buttered flavored sauce.

    * Reply

  *     * Pam Woods
    * April 27, 2022
    * â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…

Delicious easy lemon butter fish dish. So easy and quick to prepare. Thank you

    * Reply

Load More

## Hi, I'm Amy

Welcome to Chew Out Loud. Here, you'll find smart strategies for simple yet
delicious meals your family will love. Learn More

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

## Popular

  * Air Fryer Broccoli

  * Easy Perfect Mahi Mahi Recipe

  * Lemon Garlic Swordfish Recipe

  * Easy Lemon Butter Fish in 20 Minutes

## Collections

  * 15 Best Strawberry Recipes

  * 15 Best Lemon Recipes

## Get our free email series: 5 Easy Recipes in 30 Minutes or Less

Plus our newest recipes each week

First name

Email address

## Instagram

-- Follow Us

  *   *   * 

  *   *   * 

  * Cook
    * Seasonal Ingredients
    * Pantry Staples
    * Plan Ahead
  * Bake
    * Seasonal
    * 10 Ingredients or Less
  * Learn
    * Basics
    * Techniques
    * Key Tools
  * Gather
    * Favorites
    * Menus
    * Holidays

## Want more to chew on?

First name

Email address

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

  * Â© 2022 Chew Out Loud
  * Privacy Policy
  * Contact Us
  * Site by cre8d

