https://cooking.nytimes.com/recipes/1012984-chicken-teriyaki


XSearch

Easy

#  Chicken Teriyaki

###

Recipe from Sujan Shrestha

Adapted by John T. Edge

  * Yield 8 servings
  * Time 30 minutes, plus marinating

EmailShare on PinterestShare on FacebookShare on Twitter

Craig Lee for The New York Times

Teriyaki is derived from the Japanese root words _teri_ , to shine, and _yaki_
, to broil or grill. That’s the way traditional teriyaki looks: shiny and
incised with grill marks. In Japan, teriyaki is a mix of soy sauce, sake and
the rice wine mirin, which imparts a subtle sweetness. The teriyaki found
throughout Seattle, of which this is an adaptation, is a bit more showy. Cooks
sweeten with white sugar and pineapple juice. They thicken with cornstarch.
Ginger and garlic go into the mix because of the Korean ancestry of many
cooks. It is not at all traditional, but it is simple to prepare and addictive
to eat. Be sure to plan ahead as you do need to marinate the chicken before
cooking. An overnight stay in the fridge is ideal, but many readers have been
happy with a quick marinade of an hour or so. --John T. Edge

Featured in:  A City’s Specialty, Japanese In Name Only.

More +

Asian, Japanese, Chicken, Soy Sauce, Dinner, Easy, Quick, Weekday, Main Course

### Ingredients

  * 1  cup soy sauce 
  * 1  cup granulated sugar 
  * 1 ½ teaspoons brown sugar 
  * 6  cloves garlic, crushed in a press 
  * 2  tablespoons grated fresh ginger 
  * ¼ teaspoon freshly ground black pepper 
  * 1  3-inch cinnamon stick 
  * 1  tablespoon pineapple juice 
  * 8  skinless, boneless chicken thighs 
  * 2  tablespoons cornstarch 

Ingredient Substitution Guide

  * Nutritional Information

    * ##### Nutritional analysis per serving (8 servings)

459 calories;  25 grams fat;  7 grams saturated fat;  0 grams trans fat;  10
grams monounsaturated fat;  5 grams polyunsaturated fat;  31 grams
carbohydrates;  1 gram dietary fiber;  26 grams sugars;  27 grams protein;
1873 milligrams sodium;

Note: The information shown is Edamam’s estimate based on available
ingredients and preparation. It should not be considered a substitute for a
professional nutritionist’s advice.

Powered by Edamam

### Preparation

  1. In a small saucepan, combine all ingredients except cornstarch and chicken. Bring to boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low and stir until sugar is dissolved, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat and let cool. Discard cinnamon stick and mix in 1/2 cup water.
  2. Place chicken in a heavy-duty sealable plastic bag. Add soy sauce mixture, seal bag, and turn to coat chicken. Refrigerate for at least an hour, ideally overnight.
  3. Remove chicken and set aside. Pour mixture into a small saucepan. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat to low. Mix cornstarch with 2 tablespoons water and add to pan. Stir until mixture begins to thicken, and gradually stir in enough water (about 1/2 cup) until sauce is the consistency of heavy cream. Remove from heat and set aside.
  4. Preheat a broiler or grill. Lightly brush chicken pieces on all sides with sauce, and broil or grill about 3 minutes per side. While chicken is cooking, place sauce over high heat and bring to a boil, then reduce heat to a bare simmer, adding water a bit at a time to keep mixture at a pourable consistency. To serve, slice chicken into strips, arrange on plates, and drizzle with sauce.

Like this recipe?

EmailShare on PinterestShare on FacebookShare on Twitter

Adapted from Sujan Shrestha, Tokyo Garden Teriyaki, Seattle

####  More from 23 Recipes That'll Work With Chicken Thighs or Breasts

Easy

###  Skillet Chicken With Turmeric and Orange

Nargisse Benkabbou

20 minutes

###  Honey-Mustard Chicken Tenders

Ali Slagle

45 minutes

###  Seared Chicken With Salami and Olives

Ali Slagle

25 minutes

Easy

###  Michelada Chicken

Ali Slagle

45 minutes

Easy

###  Black Pepper Chicken Thighs With Mango, Rum and Cashews

Melissa Clark

30 minutes

Easy

###  Sautéed Chicken Breasts With Tarragon

Kim Severson, Thomas Keller

20 minutes

###  Chicken Breasts With Tomatoes and Capers

Pierre Franey

20 minutes

###  Chicken Enchiladas With Salsa Verde

Sam Sifton

1 hour

###  Oven-Roasted Chicken Shawarma

Sam Sifton

45 minutes, plus marinating

###  Roast Chicken and Vegetables With Tahini

Ali Slagle

45 minutes

###  Crisp Chicken Schnitzel With Lemony Herb Salad

Melissa Clark

30 minutes

Easy

###  Three-Cup Chicken

Sam Sifton

30 minutes

Healthy

###  Soy-Ginger Chicken With Greens

Martha Rose Shulman

30 to 45 minutes (including unsupervised marinating)

###  Chicken Breasts With Peppers, Tomatoes and Saffron

Pierre Franey

30 minutes

Easy

###  Chicken Breasts With Curry

Pierre Franey

40 minutes

Easy

###  Sautéed Chicken With Meyer Lemon

Melissa Clark

About 30 minutes

####  Trending on Cooking

Easy

###  Chicken, Artichoke and Broccoli Bake With Herb Bread Crumbs

Kay Chun

45 minutes

Easy

###  Cold Noodles With Tomatoes

Eric Kim

20 minutes

Easy

###  Crunchy Greens With Carrot-Ginger Dressing

Eric Kim

10 minutes

###  Easy Kung Pao Chicken

Genevieve Ko, Pearl Han, Grace Han

15 minutes

####  Brush Up On The Basics With Our Cooking Guides

Cooking Guide

###  How to Make Salad

By Julia Moskin

Cooking Guide

###  How to Grill

By Sam Sifton

Cooking Guide

###  How to Make a Gingerbread House

By Julia Moskin

Cooking Guide

###  How to Make Ratatouille

By Melissa Clark

### Get Our Newsletter

Get recipes, tips and NYT special offers delivered straight to your inbox. Opt
out or contact us anytime. See our Privacy Policy.

Sign Up

Please enter a valid email address.

### Follow Us

### Get the App

### About Us

NYT Cooking is a subscription service of The New York Times. It is a digital
cookbook and cooking guide alike, available on all platforms, that helps home
cooks of every level discover, save and organize the world’s best recipes,
while also helping them become better, more competent cooks. Subscribe now for
full access.

### Learn More

  * Our Cooks
  * See Our Features
  * FAQ
  * Tools for Saving
  * NYTimes.com/food

### Shop

  * Gift Subscription
  * Merchandise
  * Send Us Feedback

Recipes

  * What to Cook This Week
  * Weeknight
  * Pasta
  * Dinner
  * Healthy
  * Vegetarian
  * Vegan
  * Thanksgiving
  * Christmas

### Shop

  * Gift Subscription
  * Merchandise
  * Send Us Feedback

  * © 2022 The New York Times Company
  * Terms of Service
  * Privacy Policy

Sorry, your changes didn't save.

NO YES

