https://therecipecritic.com/teriyaki-chicken/


Skip to content

  * About
Follow us on Social:

Blog Lovin'Blog Lovin Facebookfacebook Twittertwitter Instagraminstagram
Pinterestpinterest RSSRSS Feed

Search for Submit

The Recipe Critic

  * Favorite
  * Pin
  * Share

SearchToggle Menu

  * Recipe Box
    * All Categories
    * Meal Plans
    * Breakfast
    * Appetizers
    * Side Dishes
    * Dinner
    * Desserts
    * Beverages
    * Soup Recipes
    * Salads
    * Sauces
    * Keto
    * Holiday/Season
      * Easter
      * Spring
      * Summer
      * Fall
      * Thanksgiving
      * Winter
      * Christmas
      * Valentine's Day
  * Breakfast
  * Appetizers
  * Dinner
  * Desserts
    * Brownies
    * Cake
    * Cheesecake
    * Candy
    * Cookies
    * Donut
    * Frozen Treats
    * Fudge
    * Ice Cream
    * Pudding
  * By Ingredient
    * Chicken
    * Beef
    * Pork
    * Turkey
    * Vegetables
    * Fruits
    * Cheeses
    * Chocolate
    * Cinnamon
    * Seafood
    * Fish
    * Pasta
    * Nuts
    * Bacon
  * By Cooking Type
    * Instant Pot
    * Slow Cooker
    * Baked
    * 30-Minute
    * Smoked
    * Skillet
    * Grilling
  * More 

Search for Submit

Home » Dinner » **Best Ever Teriyaki Chicken**

Dinner

# Best Ever Teriyaki Chicken

by **Alyssa Rivers** February 6, 2022Jump to Recipe

  * Favorite
  * Pin
  * Share

 _This website may contain affiliate links and advertising so that we can
provide recipes to you. Read myprivacy policy._

This teriyaki chicken will be the best that you ever make! The tender, juicy
chicken is coated with the most amazingly flavored sauce. Once you eat this,
it will become your new favorite!

This teriyaki chicken makes the best entree for any meal! Serve this up with
some easy fried rice, some delicious vegetable lo mein, and these amazing egg
rolls!

## Teriyaki Chicken Recipe

Trust me when I tell you that this teriyaki chicken recipe is _the best_.
Seriously, I love Asian food so much and have tried countless different
recipes. This one takes the cake. Plus, it's simple. Recipes don't need to be
complicated to be delicious! This teriyaki chicken is smothered with the best
teriyaki sauce out there, and the chicken soaks it up, making it really
flavorful.

I love chicken teriyaki cooked and eaten with rice and broccoli, but the
beauty of this chicken is that you can serve it up with a ton of different
sides and it will taste good every time. The flavor combination in the sauce
is made with ginger, soy sauce, and garlic, and the aroma in the kitchen makes
me so hungry every time. This recipe is simple and easy and tastes like it
came straight from a restaurant.

## Ingredients to Make Teriyaki Chicken at Home

This recipe is simple and easy to make from the comfort of your own home. No
more need to dine out to get chicken this good. Now you can make it for
yourself whenever you want! See the recipe card at the bottom of the post for
exact measurements.

  * **Chicken:** You can use chicken thighs or breasts for this recipe. Whichever type you prefer will work great. 
  * **Salt and Pepper:** Use these to your liking to season the chicken. 
  * **Olive Oil:** You will use the olive oil to cook the chicken in before adding the sauce, 
  * **Soy Sauce:** I like to use low sodium soy sauce to make this a little bit healthier. 
  * **Brown Sugar:** You can use light or dark brown sugar. 
  * **Apple Cider Vinegar:** You can use rice vinegar in a pinch! 
  * **Garlic Clove:** If you don't have a fresh clove of garlic on hand then you can use minced garlic instead. ½ teaspoon equals about 1 clove of garlic. 
  * **Sesame Oil: **This is essential to usingin a teriyaki sauce! My favorite one to use is this sesame oil.
  *  **Freshly Grated Ginger:** Whenever you use fresh ingredients, the flavor is more potent. 
  * **Water and Cornstarch:** This will be used to thicken up the sauce. 
  * **Sesame Seeds and Green Onions:** These will be used to garnish the top of your chicken! 

## How to Make Chicken Teriyaki

This recipe is quick and easy! You can whip it up in no time and have a
delicious meal on the table that your entire family will go crazy for! It's
going to fly off of your table fast. If I were you, I would double the recipe.

  1. **Cook Chicken:** Cut the chicken into one inch pieces and salt and pepper. Heat olive oil in a wok or skillet over medium high heat and add the chicken. Cook until no longer pink and remove and set aside on a plate.
  2.  **Whisk:** In a small bowl combine the soy sauce, brown sugar, apple cider vinegar, garlic, sesame oil, and ginger. Then, in a separate small bowl whisk the water and cornstarch to make a slurry. Add the cornstarch to the sauce mixture and whisk.
  3.  **Thicken Sauce:** Add the sauce to the skillet and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and then whisk until it starts to thicken.
  4.  **Toss Chicken with Sauce** : Add the chicken back to the skillet and toss until coated and heated through. Garnish with chopped green onions and sesame seeds. Serve over rice if desired.

### Is Teriyaki Chicken Healthy?

Teriyaki chicken is an excellent form of protein but can also be high in
sodium. To help counter that, I like to use low sodium soy sauce in this
recipe to lower the sodium intake! It's an easy thing to do and it doesn't
affect the taste at all. Teriyaki chicken is definitely a healthier choice
than some of the fried foods that are on the menus at Asian restaurants.

### Helpful Suggestions

There are a few things that you can do to this teriyaki chicken recipe to make
it perfect for you and your family! Here are some tips to help you out.

  * **How to cut your chicken:** To make sure that all of your chicken cooks at the same time, it's importatnt to make sure that you cut all of the pieces to be similar in size. Then they will cook evenly throughout. 
  * **Taste:** If you like a saltier taste then add a bit more soy sauce. If you want less of a salt taste then you can replace some of the soy sauce with water. 
  * **Serve it with Rice:** If you are looking to serve this teriyaki chicken over some rice then I suggest serving it with white rice or brown rice. But if you want to make this meal even healthier then you can serve it with Cauliflower Fried Rice and it tastes so delicious! 

### How to Store Leftovers

This chicken teriyaki makes fantastic leftovers. The sauce really soaks into
the chicken making it even more flavorful the next day!

  * **Store in the Fridge:** Once your chicken has cooled then you can place it in an airtight container and store it in your fridge. It will last about 3 days.
  *  **To Reheat:** When you are ready to reheat your chicken then you can cook it on your stover on medium heat until it is warmed through. If you need to, you can make more teriyaki sauce and add it on top! 

### More Asian Recipes to Try

If you loved this teriyaki chicken then you are in for a real treat because I
have a lot more delicious Asian recipes for you to try! They range from
chicken, to shrimp to starters and even some better than takeout rice recipes!
These are so good that you won't ever need to get take-out again!

Dinner

### Asian Turkey Lettuce Wraps

Side Dishes

### Better than Takeout Shrimp Fried Rice

Side Dishes

### Air Fryer Cream Cheese Wontons

Dinner

### Slow Cooker Cashew Chicken

## Best Ever Teriyaki Chicken

4.34 from 3 votes

This teriyaki chicken will be the best that you ever make! The tender, juicy
chicken is coated with the most amazingly flavored sauce. Once you eat this,
it will become your new favorite!

Prep Time 10 minutes

Cook Time 20 minutes

Total Time 30 minutes

Author Alyssa Rivers

Servings: 4 people

PrintReview

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * ▢ 1.5 pounds chicken thighs or breasts
  * ▢ salt and pepper
  * ▢ 1 Tablespoon olive oil
  * ▢ 1/2 cup low sodium soy sauce
  * ▢ 1/4 cup brown sugar
  * ▢ 1 Tablespoon Apple Cider Vinegar
  * ▢ 1 garlic clove minced
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon sesame oil
  * ▢ 1/2 teaspoon freshly grated ginger
  * ▢ 1/4 cup water
  * ▢ 1 Tablespoon cornstarch
  * ▢ Sesame seeds and green onions for garnish

* * *

### Instructions



  * Cut the chicken into one-inch pieces and salt and pepper. Heat olive oil in a wok or skillet over medium-high heat and add the chicken. Cook until no longer pink and remove and set aside on a plate.

  * In a small bowl combine the soy sauce, brown sugar, apple cider vinegar, garlic, sesame oil, and ginger. In a separate small bowl whisk the water and cornstarch to make a slurry. Add the cornstarch to the sauce mixture and whisk.

  * Add the sauce to the skillet and bring to a boil. Reduce heat and whisk until it starts to thicken.

  * Add the chicken back to the skillet and toss until coated and heated through. Garnish with chopped green onions and sesame seeds. Serve over rice if desired.

* * *

### Video

* * *

### Nutrition

Serves: 4

Calories491kcal (25%)Carbohydrates19g (6%)Protein29g (58%)Fat33g
(51%)Saturated Fat8g (40%)Polyunsaturated Fat7gMonounsaturated Fat15gTrans
Fat1gCholesterol167mg (56%)Sodium1199mg (50%)Potassium430mg (12%)Fiber1g
(4%)Sugar14g (16%)Vitamin A133IU (3%)Vitamin C1mg (1%)Calcium33mg (3%)Iron2mg
(11%)

_All nutritional information is based on third party calculations and is only
an estimate. Each recipe and nutritional value will vary depending on the
brands you use, measuring methods and portion sizes per household._

Course Dinner

Cuisine Asian, Asian American

Keyword teriyaki chicken

Tried this recipe?Mention @alyssa_therecipecritic or tag #therecipecritic

### Share The Post!

Share on FacebookPin on PinterestShare via Email

16 Quick & Easy 30 Minute Recipes!

(plus weekly recipe updates)

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Your First Name *

Your Email Address *

Email

Sign me up!

### Alyssa Rivers

I am Alyssa and the blogger behind The Recipe Critic. I started my blog in
June of 2012 as a place to share my passion for cooking. I love trying new
things and testing them out with my family.

Read More Posts by Alyssa

facebook twitter pinterest instagram

###### Categories

### Reader Favorites

Home » Dinner » **Best Ever Teriyaki Chicken**

Breakfast

## Quick 45 Minute Cinnamon Rolls

Home » Dinner » **Best Ever Teriyaki Chicken**

Desserts

## Homemade Reese's Eggs

Home » Dinner » **Best Ever Teriyaki Chicken**

Desserts

## Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Bars

Home » Dinner » **Best Ever Teriyaki Chicken**

Soup Recipes

## Best Ever Chili Recipe

## Comments

Leave a reply

  1. **Kris** says:

August 1, 2022 at 10:26 pm

  
Not terrible, but not the best. I love how the ingredients are things most
people have which is why I used this recipe. It’s just way to salty. I used
everything listed (including the low sodium soy sauce). The recipe needs to be
adjusted.

Reply

  2. **Jamie** says:

July 27, 2022 at 7:49 am

  
My husband and I were joking that this was the “best teriyaki chicken,” yet
only had one rating. After I made this recipe he demanded I leave another
review. This recipe is super easy. It uses items that are in most pantries and
is delicious! I added a little mirin because I like the flavor. Thank you for
sharing. My family really enjoyed this.

Reply

    1. **Alyssa Rivers** says:

July 28, 2022 at 10:38 am

Haha THANK YOU!!

Reply

  3. **Steve** says:

April 16, 2022 at 7:30 am

Can you freeze

Reply

    1. **Alyssa Rivers** says:

April 16, 2022 at 9:44 am

Yes! After you cook it up and it has cooled then you can place it in an
airtight container. It will last about 3 months in the freezer. Let it thaw in
your fridge overnight and then reheat it on the stove until it is warmed
through! Cook some extra teriyaki sauce to add fresh to the chicken after you
warm it up!

Reply

  4. **Angelique O'Connell** says:

April 10, 2022 at 9:01 pm

  
Trying this tonight. I didn't have apple cider so I used white vinegar
instead. Is that okay?

Reply

  5. **John** says:

February 6, 2022 at 6:33 pm

Hi Alyssa,

It looks really nice and I would love to give this recipe a try.

Can I substitute the brown sugar for something else without losing the
flavour, as my wife who absolutely lives for her food has just been diagnosed
with type 2 diabetes, and it calls for a sudden lifestyle change? 🙁

Cheers,  
John

Reply

    1. **Charlotte Hall** says:

February 7, 2022 at 8:06 am

John, try the sugar replacements used in keto diets. I use erythritol or
xylitol. Also, monk fruit & allulose are widely used & easily found in grocers
& online. Should help greatly in managing diabetes. Good luck!

Reply

      1. **John** says:

February 7, 2022 at 10:14 pm

Hi Charlotte,

Many thanks for those suggestions, we shall look into them, and thanks for the
good luck as her world is spinning madly at the moment.

    2. **Becca** says:

February 28, 2022 at 5:47 pm

This was amazing! We used the extra teriyaki sauce over roasted carrots &
green beans

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Δ

### Popular Articles

Home » Dinner » **Best Ever Teriyaki Chicken**

Breakfast

## Quick 45 Minute Cinnamon Rolls

Home » Dinner » **Best Ever Teriyaki Chicken**

Desserts

## Homemade Reese's Eggs

Home » Dinner » **Best Ever Teriyaki Chicken**

Desserts

## Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Bars

The Recipe Critic

Search for Submit

  * Contact
  * Meet the Team
  * Meet Alyssa

#### Recipes

  * Appetizers
  * Desserts
  * Dinner
  * Salads
  * Sides
  * Soup Recipes
  * Dressings, Sauces, and Dips
  * Breakfast
  * Beverages

#### About

  * Contact
  * Meet the Team
  * Meet Alyssa

#### Social

Blog Lovin'Blog Lovin Facebookfacebook Twittertwitter Instagraminstagram
Pinterestpinterest RSSRSS Feed

The Recipe Critic (C) 2022 * All rights reserved .

An Elite CafeMedia Food Publisher

  * Recipe Box
    * All Categories
    * Meal Plans
    * Breakfast
    * Appetizers
    * Side Dishes
    * Dinner
    * Desserts
    * Beverages
    * Soup Recipes
    * Salads
    * Sauces
    * Keto
    * Holiday/Season
      * Easter
      * Spring
      * Summer
      * Fall
      * Thanksgiving
      * Winter
      * Christmas
      * Valentine's Day
  * Breakfast
  * Appetizers
  * Dinner
  * Desserts
    * Brownies
    * Cake
    * Cheesecake
    * Candy
    * Cookies
    * Donut
    * Frozen Treats
    * Fudge
    * Ice Cream
    * Pudding
  * By Ingredient
    * Chicken
    * Beef
    * Pork
    * Turkey
    * Vegetables
    * Fruits
    * Cheeses
    * Chocolate
    * Cinnamon
    * Seafood
    * Fish
    * Pasta
    * Nuts
    * Bacon
  * By Cooking Type
    * Instant Pot
    * Slow Cooker
    * Baked
    * 30-Minute
    * Smoked
    * Skillet
    * Grilling
  * More 

  * About
Follow us on Social:

Blog Lovin'Blog Lovin Facebookfacebook Twittertwitter Instagraminstagram
Pinterestpinterest RSSRSS Feed

Search for Submit



