https://cafedelites.com/garlic-teriyaki-chicken-thighs/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

Cafe Delites

for good food lovers

  * Recipe Index
  * About Me
    * BOOKS
  * Contact Me
    * Policies
      * Disclaimer
      * Copyright
    * MEDIA

You are here: Home / Recipes / Garlic Teriyaki Chicken Thighs

By Karina 9 Comments Filed Under: Asian

# Garlic Teriyaki Chicken Thighs

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

## Skillet Teriyaki Chicken Thighs are cooked right on the stove without
needing an oven! Better than any store bought teriyaki, this recipe is a
family favourite!

No more Japanese takeout for me thanks I've got an easy Skillet Teriyaki
Chicken Thighs recipe!

  
Glossy, juicy and tender chicken thighs are _not_ just _coated_ in a
beautifully thick teriyaki sauce. The way we cook _this_ chicken guarantees
teriyaki sauce being cooked _right through_ the chicken! Um, can I just say
one word: flavour. FLAVOUR. Adding garlic in this recipe takes this Teriyaki
recipe to a whole new world of flavour.

A super simple and easy, no fail recipe, right up there with this Simple
Chicken Teriyaki Stir Fry, and this Teriyaki Glazed Salmon. The only pre-
cooking thing you're going to do is create the sauce. Then you're going to
sear your chicken thighs without any marinading time, until just cooked
through; and then pour in your sauce. Well, I did say simple.

After the sauce has thickened and is coating your chicken thighs, you're going
to garnish with green onion slices, just because. You're going to eat with
your hand / fingers, because knives and forks are severely overrated when
eating juicy, Teriyaki chicken thighs. AmIRight?

**REMEMBER TO SUBSCRIBE TOCAFE DELITES NEWSLETTER FOR FREE AND RECEIVE FRESH
RECIPE NOTIFICATIONS DELIVERED INTO YOUR INBOX!**

**If you try a recipe, please use the hashtag#cafedelites on INSTAGRAM for a
chance to be featured!**  
**FOLLOW CAFE DELITES ON** **FACEBOOK | ****INSTAGRAM | ****PINTEREST |
****TWITTER ****FOR ALL OF THE LATEST CONTENT, RECIPES AND UPDATES.**

# Garlic Teriyaki Chicken Thighs

Skillet Teriyaki Chicken Thighs are cooked right on the stove without needing
an oven! Better than any store bought teriyaki, this recipe is a family
favourite!

PRINT SAVE go to your favorites

Serves: 5

### Ingredients

  * 4 cloves garlic , smashed with the back of your knife
  * 1/4 cup soy sauce
  * 3 tablespoons mirin
  * 3 tablespoons sake
  * 2 tablespoons sugar
  * 1 tablespoon oil
  * 5 chicken thighs (about 19 ounces | 550 grams, skin off, bone in or out)*
  * 2 large green onions (Australian shallots), sliced, to serve

### Instructions

  * Combine together the crushed garlic, soy sauce, mirin, sake and sugar in a small bowl; mix well until sugar dissolves.

  * Pierce each chicken thigh with the tip of a sharp knife all over to ensure a faster cook time. This also helps the sauce absorb through the chicken instead of just coating it.

  * Heat the oil in a good quality non-stick pan or well seasoned skillet over medium heat. Sear the chicken for about 7-8 minutes each side, (depending on the thickness of each chicken thigh and how many incisions made), until golden browned and nearly cooked through to the bone.

  * Drain any excess fat released from the chicken out of the pan (blot with paper towel if it's easier).**See Notes.

  * Pour in the sauce and shake the pan around to evenly distribute the sauce. Cover pan with a lid and cook for a further minute.

  * Uncover and continue to cook until the teriyaki sauce thickens and reduces down (about 5-6 minutes). Coat each thigh in the sauce. Top with green onion (or shallot) slices. Serve immediately over steamed rice or vegetables.

### Notes

*I used small chicken thighs. Cook time will depend on the size of your thighs. The more incisions you make through the flesh, the faster they will cook!  
**Make sure any fat is removed from the pan in Step 4, as this is what ensures
a thick and glossy teriyaki sauce. DON'T skip this step!

« Easy Lasagna Stuffed Burritos

Soft Pumpkin Chocolate Chip Cookies »

### Subscribe to Cafe Delites FOR FREE and Receive Recipes Straight Into Your
Inbox!

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. April says

September 27, 2020 at 12:47 pm

Made this 2 hours ago. None left. We love it! It’s so much better than
restaurant. I had no sake so I followed the substitution they offered and used
the rice vinegar instead and for the Mirin I used white cooking wine as
recommended. Otherwise , I followed the recipe and served it over rice with
broccoli florets. Also, next time I will double the sauce recipe because it
tasted so delicious over the rice. The chicken thighs were so moist. Making
this next week for my grandkids.

Reply

  2. sal says

December 10, 2018 at 10:53 pm

  
green onions are called spring onions in Australia

Reply

  3. Joanne says

July 16, 2018 at 3:31 am

Looking for the chicken thigh recipe with oyster sauce. Slow cooker isrd

Reply

    * Karina says

July 16, 2018 at 4:07 am

You can find any of my recipes at cafedelites.com and search for any recipe or
keyword that you are looking for. Here are the recipes I have with chicken
thighs and oyster sauce. https://cafedelites.com/?s=chicken+thighs. Enjoy!!

Reply

  4. Sheri says

June 21, 2017 at 7:46 am

Looks delicious. Forgive me, but I am confused as to whether or not to remove
the chicken after Step 3, while cooking the Teriaki sauce.

Thanks!

Reply

  5. Sabrina says

November 07, 2016 at 1:52 pm

This recipe caught my eye since I've been using cooking thighs in a lot of
recipes lately, much more flavor than skinless, boneless, thank you for
sharing this!

Reply

  6. Jamie | Hola Croqueta says

September 23, 2016 at 11:46 pm

Oh my! I'm getting hungry just reading this!

Reply

  7. Nisha @ Honey What's Cooking says

September 22, 2016 at 2:31 pm

This looks so delicious. Love your recipes.

Reply

  8. Mary says

September 21, 2016 at 9:02 pm

This looks like a good quick meal with most of the ingredients already waiting
in the pantry/fridge - just need the chicken!! Looking forward to making this.
Flavoursome and nice and juicy. Thankyou for the recipe. It's on for tomorrow
night. ?

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### LOOKING FOR A RECIPE? SEARCH HERE!

Search this website

### HEY Good Food Lovers! It's nice to see you!

Welcome! My name is Karina and this is my internet kitchen hang-out. A self-
confessed _balanced_ _foodie_ sharing some waistline friendly recipes that are
_full_ of flavour. Life is too short for bland and boring. …

Read More

### Connect with Karina – Cafe Delites

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

## Footer

### Subscribe to Cafe Delites FOR FREE and Receive Recipes Straight Into Your
Inbox!

### CONNECT WITH KARINA - CAFE DELITES

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

Search this website

### Archives

Archives Select Month December 2020  November 2020  June 2020  May 2020  April
2020  March 2020  February 2020  January 2020  December 2019  November 2019
September 2019  August 2019  April 2019  March 2019  February 2019  January
2019  December 2018  November 2018  October 2018  September 2018  August 2018
July 2018  June 2018  May 2018  April 2018  March 2018  February 2018  January
2018  December 2017  November 2017  October 2017  September 2017  August 2017
July 2017  June 2017  May 2017  April 2017  March 2017  February 2017  January
2017  December 2016  November 2016  October 2016  September 2016  August 2016
July 2016  June 2016  May 2016  April 2016  March 2016  February 2016  January
2016  December 2015  November 2015  October 2015  September 2015  August 2015
July 2015  June 2015  May 2015  April 2015  March 2015  February 2015  January
2015  December 2014  November 2014  October 2014  September 2014  August 2014
July 2014  June 2014  May 2014  April 2014

### Categories

Categories Select Category Appetizers Asian Beef Beverages Bread Breakfast
Cakes, Blondies and Brownies Cheesecakes Chicken Chinese Christmas Churros
Cookies Dessert Dinner Dips Donuts Easter French Toast Game Day Greek Inspired
Ham Italian Inspired Lamb Low Carb Lunch Mexican Inspired Recipes Muffins My
Book In Previews One Pot Meals Pancakes And Crepes Pasta Pies Pork Recipes
Round Ups Salads Savoury Tooth Fix Seafood Sheet Pan Sides Slow Cooker
Smoothies and Milkshakes Snacks Soup Sweet Tooth Fix Thanksgiving Turkey
Vegetarian Waffles Weekly Meal Plan

COPYRIGHT (C) 2022 CAFE DELITES. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy

