https://cafedelites.com/simple-chicken-teriyaki-stir-fry/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

Cafe Delites

for good food lovers

  * Recipe Index
  * About Me
    * BOOKS
  * Contact Me
    * Policies
      * Disclaimer
      * Copyright
    * MEDIA

You are here: Home / Dinner / Chicken / Simple Chicken Teriyaki Stir Fry

By Karina 36 Comments Filed Under: Asian

# Simple Chicken Teriyaki Stir Fry

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

Simple Chicken Teriyaki Stir Fry prepared and cooked in minutes with no
marinading needed! Crunchy green broccoli and tender crispy chicken stir fried
in a beautifully flavoured teriyaki sauce. A hint of garlic adds a twist on a
traditional Japanese inspired dish. Better than any teriyaki sauce found in a
bottle.

## Simple Chicken Teriyaki Stir Fry

The absolute best dishes to prepare are stir fries. They're so quick and easy,
full of healthy, fresh and crispy vegetables and beautiful sauces; it's
usually a guarantee whoever you're cooking for will love the outcome -- no
matter what the flavours.

Whenever we order out, this is our numero uno preference. The lady at the
Japanese restaurant knows it's me ringing as soon as I call. We have developed
a pretty cool relationship now. Really. You know it's special when you go from
'ma'am' to first names.



I think it's safe to say I'm 'in.' How.ever. I used to make this particular
Teriyaki dish allllllll the tiiiiiyme. And it's about time I brought it to you
guys. Now, I know it's pretty standard to cook up a teriyaki stir fry, as the
recipes are usually all the same.

But, it's not in my nature to follow anything. I don't know why‚Ä¶it's kinda
like a blogger condition I've developed over time.

And this one didn't escape my clutches.

Because to this teriyaki, I add a hint of garlic to add just the perfect
amount of flavour to it, with a little more sweet mirin and a tiny amount of
water to make the teriyaki sauce into a beautiful thick syrup that envelopes
the chicken and gives it an amazing texture and an irresistible sweet flavour.

I don't use any cornstarch/flour in this recipe simply because by simmering
the chicken in the brown sugar, it naturally thickens the sauce into an almost
soy sauce caramel syrup.

Another tip: stir frying your vegetables before cooking your chicken. There's
nothing worse than soggy vegetables in a stir fry lacking in colour and
crunch. And I finally learnt that lesson a few years ago. Enjoy with your stir
fried veg for a lower in carb option, or over some steamed white or brown
rice.

# Simple Chicken Teriyaki Stir Fry

A simple and easy stir fry prepared and cooked in minutes with no marinading
needed! Crunchy green vegetables and tender crispy chicken stir fried in a
beautifully flavoured teriyaki sauce. A hint of garlic adds a twist on a
traditional Japanese inspired dish. Better than any teriyaki sauce found in a
bottle.  
  
**Weight Watchers:** 6pp per serve (excluding rice)

PRINT SAVE go to your favorites

Serves: 5

### Ingredients

  * 1 tablespoon olive oil
  * 1 onion, cut into wedges
  * 2 broccoli heads. cut into florets
  * 1 green capsicum/bell pepper. cut into wedges
  * 1 cup sugar snap/snow peas
  * 1 tablespoon sesame oil
  * 500 g | 1lbs chicken thigh fillets, skinless and boneless, cut into bite sized pieces
  * 1/4 cup soy sauce
  * 1/4 cup light brown sugar
  * 2 tablespoons rice wine vinegar or apple cider vinegar
  * 2 tablespoons mirin
  * 2 teaspoons minced garlic (or 2 cloves garlic, minced)
  * 1 teaspoon cornstarch (or corn flour) mixed with 2 teaspoons water ONLY if needed
  * 1 shallot/green onion stem , sliced to garnish

### Instructions

  * Stir fry onion, broccoli, capsicum/peppers and sugar snap peas with 1 tablespoon of oil until just starting to turn vibrant in colour. Add 2 tablespoons of water, reduce heat to medium, and stir fry until cooked to your liking (tender-crisp). Remove vegetables from pan and set aside. **Alternatively, steam vegetables until cooked to your liking.**

  * Season chicken with salt and pepper. Heat sesame oil over medium heat in the same pan. Stir fry chicken, stirring occasionally until lightly browned and crisp.

  * In a small jug or bowl whisk together the soy sauce, brown sugar, vinegar, Mirin and garlic to combine. Add sauce to the chicken and cook while stirring occasionally, until it bubbles and thickens into a beautiful shiny glaze. (If the sauce has not thickened, quickly whisk in the cornstarch/water mixture and continue stirring until thickened.

  * Garnish with green onion (or shallot) slices and serve over steamed rice.

### Nutrition

Calories: 204kcal | Carbohydrates: 16.4g | Protein: 20.1g | Fat: 8.8g | Fiber:
1.4g

¬´ Blueberry Coconut Muffin Cake

BLT Breakfast Salad with Honey Mustard Dressing ¬ª

### Subscribe to Cafe Delites FOR FREE and Receive Recipes Straight Into Your
Inbox!

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Nancy Peabody says

July 20, 2020 at 4:58 am

Made this and mu husband said it tastes like restaurant food. definitely a
keeper. can leftovers be frozen?

Reply

  2. Michelle Fisher says

May 02, 2020 at 5:13 am

  
Excellent dish and easy to make!!! I made a few modifications since I have
hungry teenagers. I added 2 chicken breasts in addition to the 1 lb of chicken
thighs. The chicken didn't really get brown and crisp, but it still tasted
delicious. I also used mini peppers and didn't add the water while cooking the
veggies since it didn't need it. I had to add the cornstarch at the end since
it didn't thicken enough. I threw the veggies in the mix to coat everything in
this delicious sauce. I will definitely make this again!

Reply

  3. Lisa says

February 11, 2020 at 11:27 pm

  
This was delicious. We all licked our plates, even my fussy eater. Didn‚Äôt have
Mirin so substituted 1/2 Apple cider vinegar and 1/2 rice wine vinegar for all
of the vinegar/Mirin part of the recipe. Had to double the recipe for my big
eaters and used 1lb thighs and 1 lb breast- both were fantastic . Will
definitely make again, thanks!

Reply

  4. Anna says

July 19, 2019 at 12:15 pm

  
LOVE this! Easy to make and super delicious!

Reply

  5. Lyssa says

September 23, 2018 at 8:03 pm

  
Made this tonight and absolutely loved it!! My daughter and I love good
Chinese food but it seems that most of the different dishes we make at home
don‚Äôt taste authentic, regardless of the recipe. Your recipe changed that! By
far the BEST Asian meal I‚Äôve made at home yet!! I doubled the sauce
ingredients and I‚Äôm really glad I did, I like to have enough sauce for my rice
as well, and that was perfect! Thank you!

Reply

  6. Motheroflittle says

May 23, 2018 at 8:54 am

  
I make stir fry chicken once a week. I tried this recipe tonight and its our
favorite to date. Its not too sweet and just the right thickness without
starch. I don't stock mirin so I used kombucha. I sprinkle red pepper flakes
on mine after it was plated for some heat. Really good!!

Reply

  7. carrol says

January 15, 2018 at 7:53 am

I keep mirin in my cupboard but not SAKE. What can substitute for sake?

Reply

  8. Clare says

January 12, 2018 at 9:28 am

  
So I‚Äôve made this twice using white wine vinegar instead of sake and it is
amazing!!! But I have two questions: 1. My chicken never gets golden and
crispy, what‚Äôs your secret? 2. I can‚Äôt seem to achieve the ‚Äúglaze‚Äù state of
the teriyaki sauce, how long do you tend to simmer the sauce for to get it to
thicken up?

Reply

  9. DogRescuer says

July 20, 2017 at 4:04 pm

  
Made this yesterday.  
Used white wine vinegar instead of the sake, regular sweet peas instead of
snap peas, and chicken breast instead of the thighs - simply because that's
what I had at home.  
While the sauce never really thickened for me, I didn't care - this was
possibly the best home-made Teriyaki sauce I had ever come across. Like, I am
seriously addicted to it.  
I am not a great cook and all I can really do is follow recipes that I find
interesting, and let me tell you: this one was certainly worth to make.  
Kudos and thank you!

Reply

  10. Nellie Bailey says

October 29, 2016 at 1:55 am

I'm under 21, so buying anything with alcohol is out of the question. Could
you recommend a substitute?

Reply

  11. Rebecca says

June 17, 2016 at 1:51 am

Hello! I am looking for something for dinner tonight. I live in a very rural
area and getting to a store would take some time. I don't have the Marin, Sake
or anything close to wine besides white wine. I only have white wine vinegar
and balsamic vinegar. Could I leave out these two ingredients?

Reply

    * Karina says

June 17, 2016 at 2:54 pm

Hi Rebecca! You can use white wine vinegar instead of the mirin. You can leave
it out, however the Teriyaki favour is enhanced with the vinegar!

Reply

  12. Elena says

May 03, 2016 at 4:20 am

My husband and I love this recipe, the only thing is I can never get the sauce
to thicken. what am I doing wrong?? Still tastes good though!

Reply

  13. Rennu says

March 27, 2016 at 6:50 am

  
Hi Karina!

I just tried your recipe and it was delicious! I'm not a great cook but your
recipe and explanation was simple to follow and not fussy -and very tasty!
Thank you!  
Can't wait to try another one of your recipes!

Rennu ( from London) xxx

Reply

    * Karina says

March 28, 2016 at 9:12 am

That's so wonderful Rennu! I'm so happy you liked this recipe üôÇ

Reply

  14. Karlyn says

February 20, 2016 at 6:31 pm

Okay for the Mirin, could I use somethin not alcoholic? Like water or somethin
to give the same effect as mirin, but not alcoholic lol please nd thanks.

Reply

    * Karina says

February 21, 2016 at 11:05 am

Hi Karlyn! You can substitute it with sweet marsala wine, a sweet white wine,
OR rice vinegar with about 2 teaspoon sugar 1/4 cup üôÇ

Reply

  15. Bakƒ±rk√∂y Pedagog says

February 19, 2016 at 1:15 am

Made this tonight for the family. Delicious! Thanks for sharing!

Reply

  16. Shirnetha says

December 31, 2015 at 11:21 am

  
Omg this recipe is awesome. I literally just made it and jt was a huge hit!!
Definitely making this again. Thank you for sharing

Reply

    * Karina says

December 31, 2015 at 11:22 am

You're very welcome Shirnetha! I'm so happy you liked it üôÇ

Reply

  17. Matt says

August 21, 2015 at 7:23 pm

Just finished this for our dinner. Great recipe the real deal Thanks.

Reply

    * Karina says

September 05, 2015 at 4:55 pm

You're welcome Matt! So glad it turned out for you!

Reply

  18. Simone says

August 13, 2015 at 10:08 pm

Found you on buzzfeed and had this for tea. You're a legend. Thanks for the
recipe. Easy and yummy.

Reply

    * Karina says

August 21, 2015 at 8:10 am

You're welcome Simone! And welcome to my site üôÇ

Reply

  19. Alessia says

August 13, 2015 at 11:22 am

I just made this and had to come and tell you it's the best teriyaki ever! And
you're right. Better than anything I've ever bought. I couldn't believe it.
And dare I say better than most take outs we've tried. The sauce thickened
deliciously and was so caramelized over the chicken! My man loved it and my
kids licked their plates clean! Thank you! This will be a weekly staple at our
house! Keep it up!

Reply

    * Karina says

August 21, 2015 at 8:09 am

Hi Alessia!! Yay I'm so happy you liked it!! And even better when the man
approves üòâ I totally get that Xx

Reply

  20. Samantha Bray says

July 10, 2015 at 10:11 am

Made this tonight for the family. Delicious! Thanks for sharing!

Reply

    * Karina says

July 20, 2015 at 4:22 pm

Hi Samantha! You're welcome‚Ä¶ I'm so glad you liked it! Thank you for your
feedback!

Reply

  21. Lyne says

June 05, 2015 at 5:18 am

Can I use red or white wine vinegar in place of the rice vinegar? Or even
white vinegar?  
I'll be making this for dinner tonight. Thank you for the post!

Reply

    * Karina says

June 05, 2015 at 9:21 am

Yes, either of the white vinegars can replace the rice vinegar! And you're
very welcome! It's a pleasure! I hope you enjoy the Teriyaki! üôÇ

Reply

  22. Kyla says

May 21, 2015 at 12:55 am

I can't wait to make this! I am wondering if there is a substitute for mirin
that you recommend.

Reply

    * Karina says

May 24, 2015 at 4:04 pm

Hi Kyla! Any sweet white wine would work, like a dessert wine. If you try it,
please let me know how you go üôÇ X

Reply

  23. Nicky Corbishley says

January 08, 2015 at 1:21 am

Katrina that looks delicious! My last teriyaki looked ok but tasted awful!
I'll try yours instead! Pinned!

Reply

    * Karina says

January 11, 2015 at 8:43 am

Aw thank you! I hope you do try it! So yummy!Xx

Reply

  24. liztiptopshape says

January 02, 2015 at 6:24 am

I haven't made a stir fry in FOREVER. This looks delicious!!

Reply

    * Karina says

January 03, 2015 at 7:52 pm

Oh Liz it was amazing and just as good as store bought stuff‚Ä¶. Thank you so
much for stopping by girl! I love hearing from you üòâ

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Œî

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### LOOKING FOR A RECIPE? SEARCH HERE!

Search this website

### HEY Good Food Lovers! It's nice to see you!

Welcome! My name is Karina and this is my internet kitchen hang-out. A self-
confessed _balanced_ _foodie_ sharing some waistline friendly recipes that are
_full_ of flavour. Life is too short for bland and boring. ‚Ä¶

Read More

### Connect with Karina ‚Äì Cafe Delites

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

## Footer

### Subscribe to Cafe Delites FOR FREE and Receive Recipes Straight Into Your
Inbox!

### CONNECT WITH KARINA - CAFE DELITES

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

Search this website

### Archives

Archives Select Month December 2020  November 2020  June 2020  May 2020  April
2020  March 2020  February 2020  January 2020  December 2019  November 2019
September 2019  August 2019  April 2019  March 2019  February 2019  January
2019  December 2018  November 2018  October 2018  September 2018  August 2018
July 2018  June 2018  May 2018  April 2018  March 2018  February 2018  January
2018  December 2017  November 2017  October 2017  September 2017  August 2017
July 2017  June 2017  May 2017  April 2017  March 2017  February 2017  January
2017  December 2016  November 2016  October 2016  September 2016  August 2016
July 2016  June 2016  May 2016  April 2016  March 2016  February 2016  January
2016  December 2015  November 2015  October 2015  September 2015  August 2015
July 2015  June 2015  May 2015  April 2015  March 2015  February 2015  January
2015  December 2014  November 2014  October 2014  September 2014  August 2014
July 2014  June 2014  May 2014  April 2014

### Categories

Categories Select Category Appetizers Asian Beef Beverages Bread Breakfast
Cakes, Blondies and Brownies Cheesecakes Chicken Chinese Christmas Churros
Cookies Dessert Dinner Dips Donuts Easter French Toast Game Day Greek Inspired
Ham Italian Inspired Lamb Low Carb Lunch Mexican Inspired Recipes Muffins My
Book In Previews One Pot Meals Pancakes And Crepes Pasta Pies Pork Recipes
Round Ups Salads Savoury Tooth Fix Seafood Sheet Pan Sides Slow Cooker
Smoothies and Milkshakes Snacks Soup Sweet Tooth Fix Thanksgiving Turkey
Vegetarian Waffles Weekly Meal Plan

COPYRIGHT (C) 2022 CAFE DELITES. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy

