https://www.connoisseurusveg.com/vegan-shanghai-noodles/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
    * Contact
    * Photo Use Policy
  * Search

### SUBSCRIBE

Sign up for email updates and receive a free copy of my veggie burger e-book!

  * Email
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * Free Veggie Burger Book
  * About

*   * Email
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

×

You are here: Home / Entrees / Vegan Shanghai Noodles

LAST UPDATED: January 28, 2022 • FIRST PUBLISHED: January 28, 2016

# Vegan Shanghai Noodles

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

_These vegan Shanghai noodles are stir-fried with veggies, drenched in a
savory sauce and served up with crispy pan-fried tofu._

Confession: this is a clean out the fridge meal. You might even recognize an
ingredient or two from one of my recent posts. Getting snowed in has it's
advantages, one of them being that you have some spare time to devote to
creating some new blog recipes. The catch is that you have to get creative
when you didn't give your snowed-in status some forethought and make a beeline
for the supermarket like everyone else.

When it comes to using up odds and ends in the kitchen, Asian noodles are
where it's at. Stock up on some noodles and a few seasonings and you've got a
delicious meal around every corner.

I ended up searching around a bit, and stumbling upon this recipe for Shanghai
noodles, which I could totally work with. Score. I had to make quite a few
swaps to get this dish ready completely vegan, so I can't claim total
authenticity, but I can claim that it's absolutely tasty.

Also score because Chinese New Year is approaching, and noodles are considered
a lucky thing to eat in celebration. Apparently red is lucky too, which I
wasn't even aware of when I snapped these photos. But cool, right? Apparently
also, 2015 should have been a bad year for me, being born in the year of the
goat (also known as the year of the sheep). I had no idea, but I'm glad I
didn't find out until today, when the year is almost over. Perhaps all my
noodle eating has paid off.

If you're in need of more recipes to celebrate the forthcoming lunar new year,
well, I'll probably get a hankering and post at least one more before the big
day. (I'll take any excuse for some Chinese food.) If you need lots of
recipes, be sure to check out last year's collection of vegan Chinese
deliciousness.

5 from 1 vote

Print

## Vegan Shanghai Noodles

These vegan Shanghai noodles are stir-fried with veggies, drenched in a savory
sauce and served up with crispy pan-fried tofu.

Course Entree

Cuisine American, Chinese

Prep Time 5 minutes

Cook Time 25 minutes

Total Time 30 minutes

Servings 4

Calories 481 kcal

Author Alissa

### Ingredients

  * 9 ½ oz. dried udon noodles*
  * 2 tbsp. soy sauce
  * 2 tbsp. hoisin sauce
  * 2 tbsp. dry sherry or Chinese cooking wine
  * 1 tbsp. sesame oil
  * 1 tbsp. cornstarch
  * 2 tsp. maple syrup or agave
  * 1-2 tsp. Asian chili paste, optional, or to taste
  * 2 tsp. freshly grated ginger
  * 1 garlic clove, minced
  * 2 tbsp. vegetable oil, divided
  * 1 lb. extra firm tofu, drained, pressed and cut into 1 inch cubes
  * 4 cups shredded napa cabbage
  * 2 medium carrots, julienned

### Instructions

  1. Bring a medium pot of water to a boil. Add noodles and cook according to package directions, until al dente.

  2. Whisk soy sauce, hoisin sauce, sherry or cooking wine, sesame oil, cornstarch, maple syrup or agave, chili paste, ginger and garlic together in a small bowl. Set aside.

  3. Coat the bottom of a large nonstick skillet with 1 tablespoon of oil and place over medium heat. Add tofu and cook about 10 minutes, flipping once or twice, until browned on multiple sides. Remove from skillet and transfer to a plate.

  4. Add remaining tablespoon of oil to skillet and raise heat to high. Add carrots and stir-fry for 1 minute. Add cabbage and continue to stir-fry just until it begins to wilt and carrots are tender-crisp, about 30 seconds. Add noodles, soy sauce mixture and tofu to skillet. Flip a few times to coat the noodles and veggies in sauce. Cook just until noodles are heated throughout, about 30 seconds.

  5. Remove from heat and divide onto plates. Serve.

### Recipe Notes

Loosely adapted from Life Made Sweeter's Stir-Fried Shanghai Noodles with
Ground Pork and Napa Cabbage.  
*There's actually a type of noodle called a "Shanghai noodle" that you might be able to find in Asian markets, but as far as I know, you'd be hard pressed to find it in vegan form. If you can find them, by all means use them. If not, udon noodles are a close enough approximation.

Nutrition Facts

Vegan Shanghai Noodles

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 481 Calories from Fat 155

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 17.2g **26%**

Saturated Fat 2.9g **15%**

 **Sodium** 1469mg **61%**

 **Potassium** 699mg **20%**

 **Carbohydrates** 61g **20%**

Fiber 6.6g **26%**

Sugar 13.5g **15%**

 **Protein** 21.3g **43%**

**Calcium** 250mg **25%**

 **Iron** 5mg **28%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

« Loaded Vegan Potato Soup

Vegan Meatloaf Burgers »

Sharing is caring!

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Pinterest
  * Email

#### About Alissa Saenz

Hi, I'm Alissa! I'm a former attorney turned professional food blogger. I love
creating vegan recipes with bold flavors! You can read more about me here.

I'd love to connect with you on Facebook, Instagram, or Pinterest.

### Subscribe

Subscribe for email updates and receive a free copy of my veggie burger
e-book!

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Jasmine says

July 01, 2016 at 12:24 pm

Made this for dinner last night and it really hit the spot! Super yummy!! Love
that the recipe comes together really quick too!

Reply

    * Alissa Saenz says

July 05, 2016 at 9:44 pm

Glad you enjoyed it! Thanks so much for popping over to let me know!! :)

Reply

  2. Lindsey Fine says

December 06, 2017 at 2:24 am

Hey! I'm Lindsey  
Vegan Shanghai noodles looks tasty. I'm an owner of "Happy Buddha" restaurant
in the beautiful city of Shanghai. We are launching a crowdfunding campaign to
help make the move to become 100% plant-based in 2018! With your help, we will
continue to make Shanghai healthier and happier. Please help us spread the
news! Thank you!  
https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/help-us-spread-more-vegan-love-in-shanghai-
restaurant-food#/

Reply

  3. Dish says

December 28, 2017 at 10:16 pm

Hi, looks great! Do you have any suggestions to make it oil free? Thanks!

Reply

    * Alissa Saenz says

December 29, 2017 at 9:59 pm

Thank you! I think your best bet would be to bake the tofu and use a little
water or broth to sautee the veggies. And make sure your skillet has a really
good nonstick surface! :)

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi, I'm Alissa!** I'm a former attorney turned professional food blogger. I
love creating vegan recipes with bold flavors!

More about me →

### Popular

  * The Best Vegan Banana Bread

  * Crispy Baked Teriyaki Tofu

  * Creamy Vegan Rice Pudding

  * Classic Lentil Soup

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * Privacy Policy

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up for emails and updates

### Contact

  * About
  * Contact
  * Photo Use Policy

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases. Learn more here.

Copyright © 2013-2022 Tofu Press LLC & Alissa Saenz

966 shares

  * 298
  *   * 668
  * 

