https://www.streetsmartkitchen.com/shanghai-noodles/


Skip to content

##  StreetSmart Kitchen

Easy and healthy cooking with street-smart tips

###  StreetSmart Kitchen

  * Recipes
    * Appetizers / Snacks
    * Main Course
    * Salads / Sides
    * Poultry
    * Meat
    * Seafood
    * Soups / Stews
    * Vegetables
    * Sauces
    * Drinks
    * Desserts
    * Breakfast
  * Sous Vide
    * Complete Guide to Sous Vide Cooking
    * Complete Sous Vide Cookbook
    * Sous Vide Recipes
  * Cooking Tips / Guides
    * Food Guides
    * Food Substitutes
    * Keep It Fresh
    * How-to’s
    * Round-ups
  * About
  * Subscribe

__

# Pan-Fried Shanghai Noodles (Vegan)

_These pan-fried Shanghai noodles are perfect on those nights when all you
want is a big bowl of savory noodles. Plus, they’re 100% vegan and require
only 6 ingredients and 20 minutes to make._

Next time you’re in the mood for some satisfying Chinese food, before you dial
for take-out, give these homemade vegan pan-fried Shanghai noodles a try.

Not only is this classic Chinese dish extremely flavorful and quick and easy
to make (we’re talking 20 minutes from start to finish), but they’re far
better for you than your average restaurant version. This is because you omit
the sugar, excess cooking oil, and MSG, which is a common allergen used by
restaurants to enhance flavor and freshness. Oh, and did I mention you only
need a total of six ingredients to whip up this bad boy?

The savory taste of Shanghai noodles makes me feel nostalgic. They’re
especially comforting to me because my mom used to make them for me all the
time as a child. (Even kids go nuts for this dish.)

In China, classic Shanghai fried noodles are typically made with lean pork
marinated in Shaoxing wine or dry sherry, soy sauce or oyster sauce with a
teaspoon cornstarch, but this version omits the meat. We are still using
hearty shiitake mushrooms and bok choy, just as the traditional recipe does,
which provides a nice little boost of dietary fiber.

The traditional stir-fried Shanghai noodles also call for both dark and light
soy sauces, but I replaced the light soy sauce with coconut aminos, which is a
soy sauce substitute made from fermented coconut sap.

If you’ve never cooked with coconut aminos before, it tastes nothing like
coconuts and is comparable to light soy sauce. However, it does have a slight
hint of sweetness. I found that using coconut aminos in this recipe instead of
the light soy sauce made it sweet enough, which is why I didn’t add sugar. The
brand I like to use is Coconut Secret.

Another benefit to replacing light soy sauce with coconut aminos is that it
significantly reduces the sodium content of this dish (coconut aminos contains
at least 50% less sodium than soy sauce per teaspoon. Less bloating and
dehydration for the win).

If you can’t find Chinese noodles in your nearby grocery stores, Japanese udon
noodles can also be used in place of Shanghai noodles, which I discuss more
under the recipe notes. Now, let’s get started. I hope you enjoy this dish as
much as I do!

Print

## Pan-Fried Shanghai Noodles (Vegan)

Print Recipe

★★★★★

5 from 2 reviews

These pan-fried Shanghai noodles are perfect on those nights when all you want
is a big bowl of savory noodles. Plus, they’re 100% vegan and require only 6
ingredients and 20 minutes to make.

  * **Author:** Sharon Chen
  * **Prep Time:** 5 minutes
  * **Cook Time:** 15 minutes
  * **Total Time:** 20 minutes
  * **Yield:** 2-4 servings 1x
  * **Category:** Main Course, Vegan
  * **Method:** Stove
  * **Cuisine:** Chinese, Asian

### Ingredients

Scale 1x2x3x

  * 1 pound Shanghai noodles (the thick ones)
  * 3 tablespoons sesame oil
  * 10 shiitake mushrooms, sliced
  * 6 ounces baby bok choy, trimmed and quartered
  * 2 tablespoons dark soy sauce
  * 1 tablespoon coconut aminos

###  Instructions

  1. In a medium saucepan, bring about 2 quarts water to a rapid boil. Add Shanghai noodles and cook for about 3 minutes. Check the noodles. You want the outside of the noodles to be soft but still a bit firm on the inside.
  2. Remove the noodles from the heat, drain, and rinse under cold running water. Stir a few drops of oil into the noodles to prevent them from sticking together.
  3. Heat up sesame oil in a large nonstick pan, a wok, or a cast iron skillet over high heat. Add mushrooms and bok choy. Saute until the bok choy starts to wilt, about 2 minutes. 
  4. Switch to medium heat. Add cooked noodles to the pan, followed by dark soy sauce and coconut aminos. Stir fry everything together until the noodles get an even brown color. Serve immediately! 

### Notes

  * If you use dried shiitake mushrooms, make sure to soak them in water beforehand.
  * If you can’t find thick Shanghai noodles, you can substitute udon noodles. Make sure to check the package. Some noodles are precooked, so you don’t need to cook them before stir frying.
  * I use coconut aminos for this recipe to avoid refined sugar. It’s a great substitute for light soy sauce and it’s naturally sweet. You may replace the coconut aminos with 1 tablespoon light soy sauce and ½ teaspoon sugar in this recipe.

### Nutrition

  * **Serving Size:** 1
  * **Calories:** 277
  * **Sugar:** 1.4g
  * **Sodium:** 237.7mg
  * **Fat:** 12.8g
  * **Saturated Fat:** 2g
  * **Trans Fat:** 0.1g
  * **Carbohydrates:** 33.8g
  * **Fiber:** 3.5g
  * **Protein:** 7.4g
  * **Cholesterol:** 32.6mg

_**Keywords:** shanghai noodles_

### Did you make this recipe?

Tag @streetsmartkitchen on Instagram and hashtag it #streetsmartkitchen

* * *

Free Cookbook

* * *

**18 BEST ONE-DISH MEALS EVER**

Subscribe to download our free cookbook _Top 18 One-Dish Meals_ to keep the
best dinner ideas right at your fingertips and never miss a new recipe again.

Download

__Yum 116

__Pin 2K

__Share 6

__Tweet

2K Shares

Category : 30-Min or Less, Main Course, One-Dish Meals, Stove

  * ← How to Make Hot Chili Oil at Home
  * Slow Cooker Borscht Recipe (Shanghai-Style) →

##  2 thoughts on “Pan-Fried Shanghai Noodles (Vegan)”

  1. **Shilpa gupta** says:

February 28, 2020 at 12:35 am

Very nice .

★★★★★

Reply

  2. **Jessica Formicola** says:

October 9, 2018 at 11:26 pm

You had me at 6 ingredients and 20 minutes! This looks wonderful!

★★★★★

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe rating _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

## About Me

  
Hi, I am Sharon. Welcome to StreetSmart Kitchen where we learn to be smart,
efficient and most importantly, have fun in the kitchen. Hope you enjoy!

## Complete Sous Vide Cookbook

## Tatung Rice Cooker Cookbook

## Kettle and Fire: The Only Bone Broth I Use

## My Favorite Olive Oil

## Recent Posts

  * ### Pineapple Mango Pico de Gallo

July 16, 2022

This pineapple mango pico de gallo is so fresh and …

  * ### Pan-Steamed Broccolini with Portobello Mushrooms

July 7, 2022

This pan-steamed broccolini side dish is simple, quick, and delicious. …

  * ### 25 Last-Minute Dinner Ideas You Can Make in 30 Minutes (or Less)

June 27, 2022

These 25 last-minute dinner ideas that you can make in …

  * ### Sous Vide Pork Chops

June 11, 2022

Sous vide pork chops is by far the most foolproof …

  * ### Need a Coriander Substitute? Here are 4 Similar Options

May 31, 2022

All out of coriander? Find out which coriander substitute can …

## Follow Me on Pinterest

  

## Follow Me on Facebook

## Recent Comments

  * Anjali on Pineapple Mango Pico de Gallo
  * Jacqueline on Pineapple Mango Pico de Gallo
  * Michele on Pineapple Mango Pico de Gallo
  * Mairead on Pineapple Mango Pico de Gallo
  * Janessa on Pineapple Mango Pico de Gallo

Hi there! It’s Sharon. I am the founder and creator of StreetSmart Kitchen,
where we can learn how to be smart, efficient and have fun in the kitchen
together. Follow me on Pinterest and Instagram to get my latest how-to guides
and recipes. Read more…

  * About
  * Contact
  * Privacy Policy

© 2021 StreetSmart Kitchen | All Rights Reserved. StreetSmartKitchen.com is a
participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate
advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising
fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.

__

2K Shares

 __Yum 116

 __Pin 2K

 __Share 6

 __Tweet

