https://tiffycooks.com/authentic-healthy-20-minutes-vegetarian-shanghai-noodles/


  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Search By Ingredients
      * Beef
      * Pork
      * Chicken
      * Vegetarian
      * Seafood
      * Rice/Noodle
    * Search By Series
      * Dinner Ideas
      * 20 Minutes or Less
      * Vegetarian Friendly
      * Better Than Takeout
      * Freezer Friendly Recipes
      * Appetizers
      * Air Fryer Recipes
      * Instant Pot Recipes
      * Desserts
  * HOW TO START A BLOG
    * HOW MUCH MONEY DO I MAKE AS A FOOD BLOGGER?
    * HOW TO START A BLOG THAT MAKES MONEY!
    * HOW I TRANSITIONED FROM 9-5 TO FT FOOD BLOGGER
    * TOP BLOGGING RECOMMENDATIONS (Courses, Apps, Equipment)
    * How I Manage My Time as an FT Content Creator
  * TRAVEL WITH TIFFY
    * BEST CHEAP EATS IN VANCOUVER (UNDER $20!)
    * 15 MUST-TRY RESTAURANTS IN OAHU, HAWAII
    * What to do in Toronto in 48 Hours
    * Best Bubble Tea In Vancouver
  * Kitchen Essential
    * Condiments
    * Gadgets
    * BEST AIR FRYERS ON AMAZON
    * BEST BLENDERS ON AMAZON

__ __ __

  * 

Tiffy Cooks

Easy Asian Recipes

20 Minute Dinner, Dinner Ideas, Recipes, Rice/Noodle, Search By Ingredients,
Search By Series, Vegetarian, Vegetarian Friendly * December 31, 2020

# Authentic & Healthy 20 Minutes Vegetarian Shanghai Noodles

WELCOME to **Day 1 of Cooking 20 Minute Dinner For 21 Days!** For Day 1, we
start the series with one of my favorite **HEALTHY and DELICIOUS dishes,
Vegetarian Shanghai Noodles**. I promise my Vegetarian Shanghai Noodles will
taste so much better than any takeout with my **secret easy savory sauce**.
This simple, delicious, and healthy dinner is ready in less than 20 minutes,
making it the perfect weeknight dinner for 2021!

There are so many variations of Shanghai Noodles. Today I am making a
Vegetarian version, but with my delicious savory sauce, you can **add any
other protein of your choice** , such as c _hicken, pork, shrimp, beef, or
tofu_ , and it will taste amazing! **_Noodle Stirfrys is a great way to get
your veggies in_**! My go-to vegetable of choice are cabbage, red pepper,
carrots, and mushroom, but you can also add in onion, broccoli, bok choy, or
celery!

**_Rather than sauteing everything from the start, we will be strategically
layering all the ingredients, which allows the ingredients to cook at their
optimal time._** This way, the noodles won‚Äôt be soggy and overcooked while
still absorbing all the sauce‚Äôs flavor. **Optional but HIGHLY recommended, I
love pairing Vegetarian Shanghai Noodles with myHomemade Chili Oil to finish
off the dish**. I am using Shanghai Noodles today, but you can swap with
frozen udon noodles instead if you can‚Äôt find it. Make sure to pour hot water
over the frozen udon first and separate the noodles before adding the udon.

**Ingredients (Serves 2-3)**

¬Ω Cabbage sliced

10 Shiitake Mushroom sliced

¬Ω Carrot sliced

1 Red Pepper sliced

2 packs of Shanghai Noodles (400g)

**Sauce Mixture:**

2 tbsp of Soy Sauce

2 tbsp of Dark Soy Sauce

1.5 tbsp of Vegetarian Oyster Sauce

2 tsp of Sugar

¬Ω cup of Vegetable Stock

1 tsp of White Pepper

  1. Prepare the Noodles based on the instructions. The noodles I am using today are pre-cooked, so I pour hot water over the noodles to clean them and rinse them with cold water before using them. 
  2. Turn the heat to medium-high and drizzle in some oil. Once the pan is hot, add in the cabbage first, followed up by the red pepper and carrots, then shiitake mushroom, and finally the noodles. Pour in the sauce and put the lid on, and let it cook for 6-8 minutes. 
  3. After 6-8 minutes, the liquid should be soaked in the noodles, mix everything. 
  4. Turn the heat to high and saute the noodles for another 2-3minutes. 
  5. Optional, but HIGHLY recommended, drizzle on Homemade Chilli Oil.

Posted In: 20 Minute Dinner, Dinner Ideas, Recipes, Rice/Noodle, Search By
Ingredients, Search By Series, Vegetarian, Vegetarian Friendly

### You'll Also Love

Egg Fried Rice (Better Than Takeout!)

Shrimp Pancake (20 minutes only!)

Zong Zi - Sticky Rice Dumpling

Next Post >

### Spicy Chicken Ramen - EXTRA CRISPY Chicken

Hi! I am Tiffy and I am a HUGE foodie. I love to cook, I love to eat, and I
love sharing what I love with the world.  
I was born in Taiwan, a country with some of the best street food in the
world. When I think back to my childhood, I remember all the fantastic
restaurants my dad brought me to when I was young. You see, my family is also
huge foodies; we use to wander around night markets every weekend, skip the
last period in class to try out new restaurants, and every summer, we would
travel around Taiwan exploring all the new ‚Äúmust try‚Äù dishes around the
country.

#### Archives

  * August 2022
  * July 2022
  * June 2022
  * May 2022
  * April 2022
  * March 2022
  * February 2022
  * January 2022
  * December 2021
  * November 2021
  * October 2021
  * September 2021
  * August 2021
  * July 2021
  * June 2021
  * May 2021
  * April 2021
  * March 2021
  * February 2021
  * January 2021
  * December 2020
  * November 2020
  * October 2020

#### Categories

  * 15 Minute Dinner
  * 20 Minute Dinner
  * 20 Minutes or Less
  * 21 Days of Dinner Idea
  * 21 Days of Street Food
  * Air Fryer
  * Air Fryer Recipes
  * Appetizers
  * Balcony Garden
  * Beef
  * Better Than Takeout
  * Blog
  * BLOGGING
  * Breakfast Series
  * Chicken
  * Condiments
  * Cooking Mama
  * Daily Tiffy
  * Dessert
  * Desserts
  * Dinner Ideas
  * Drinks
  * Eat with Tiffy
  * Freezer Friendly Recipes
  * Fusion Friday
  * Gadgets
  * Healthy Recipes
  * Holiday Series
  * Holiday Series
  * Home
  * In the Kitchen
  * Instant Pot Recipes
  * Kdrama Series
  * Kitchen Essential
  * Lifestyle
  * Lunch Box Series
  * Nightmarket Series
  * Pork
  * Recipes
  * Rice/Noodle
  * Seafood
  * Search By Ingredients
  * Search By Series
  * Soups and Stews
  * Takeout Series
  * Takeout Series
  * Travel with Tiffy
  * TRAVEL WITH TIFFY
  * Uncategorized
  * Vegetarian
  * Vegetarian Friendly

  * Spicy Garlic Noodle (10 Minutes Only!) 1.1k views
  * Mushroom and Basil Udon - 15 Minutes 1k views
  * Soy Sauce Pan-fried Noodles (15 Minutes!) 1k views

#### Trending Now

  * Spicy Garlic Noodle (10 Minutes Only!)
  * Soy Sauce Pan-fried Noodles (15 Minutes!)
  * The BEST Air Fryer Soy Sauce Chicken
  * Asian Honey Garlic Potatoes (Only 5 Ingredient!)

#### Get Exclusive Tiffy Cooks Content

##  hey there!

Hi! I am Tiffy and I am a HUGE foodie. I love to cook, I love to eat, and I
love sharing what I love with the world.

__ __ __

  * Pork
  * Beef
  * Chicken
  * Vegetarian
  * Seafood
  * Rice/Noodle

  * 20 Minutes or Less
  * Dinner Ideas
  * Appetizers
  * Vegetarian Friendly
  * Freezer Friendly Recipes
  * Desserts
  * Air Fryer Recipes
  * Instant Pot Recipes

  * Daily Tiffy
  * Eat with Tiffy
  * Kitchen Essential
  * Travel with Tiffy

  * About Me
  * Get in Touch
  * PRIVACY POLICY

#### LATEST ON INSTAGRAM

### tiffy.cooks

If you only have 15 minutes, I got the perfect rec

I‚Äôm not even trying to be DRAMATIC, but if there

Let's pack my husband's lunch box for the week tog

My most viral video is my 10 minutes Spicy Garlic

Final photoshoot day for my cookbook ü•πü•πü•π

Let‚Äôs make FRESH Korean Strawberry Milk ü•õ fro

Here is FINALLY my long awaited Creamy Feta Sauce

Load More... Follow on Instagram

Copyright (C) 2022 Tiffy Cooks * Theme by 17th Avenue

