https://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/stir-fried-shanghai-noodles


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Recipes & Cooking
  * Drinks
  * Travel
  * Holidays + Events
  * News
  * F&W; Classic
  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Subscribe  Subscribe

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore Food & Wine

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * F&W Cooks

####  F&W; Cooks

Food and Wine presents a new network of food pros delivering the most cookable
recipes and delicious ideas online.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

####  Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

Looking to amp up your beef stew but unsure where to start? A slow cooker can
can take your comfort food to the next level.  Read More

    * 50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

####  50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

We’ve assembled a list of 50 of the world’s most reliable, inexpensive wines –
bottles that offer amazing quality for their price year in and year out.  Read
More

  * Recipes & Cooking

### Recipes & Cooking

See All Recipes & Cooking

    * Chicken
    * Comfort Food
    * Breakfast + Brunch
    * Salads
    * Desserts
    * Vegetables
    * Pasta + Noodles
    * Chefs
    * Meat + Poultry
    * Soup
    * Appetizers
    * Side Dishes
    * Fruits
    * Seafood
    * Special Diets
    * Cooking Techniques
    * Steal This Trick

  * Drinks

### Drinks

See All Drinks

    * Wine
    * Spirits
    * Coffee
    * Juices
    * Beer
    * Champagne + Sparkling Wine
    * Tea

  * Travel

### Travel

See All Travel

    * Wine Regions
    * Restaurants

  * Holidays + Events

### Holidays + Events

See All Holidays + Events

    * Valentine's Day
    * Halloween
    * Passover
    * Hanukkah
    * Christmas
    * Gifts
    * Super Bowl
    * Easter
    * Thanksgiving
    * New Year's Eve
    * Holiday Entertaining

  * News
  * F&W; Classic

### F&W; Classic

See All F&W; Classic

    * F&W; Classic Insider
    * Food & Wine Classic in Aspen

  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Subscribe  this link opens in a new tab

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Ingredients
  3. Pasta + Noodles
  4. Stir-Fried Shanghai Noodles

# Stir-Fried Shanghai Noodles

Rating: Unrated

  * Be the first to rate & review! 

This classic recipe is ideal to serve for Chinese New Year. "Noodles, because
of their length and stringiness, signify longevity,” says cookbook author Kei
Lum Chan. _Adapted from_CHINA: THE COOKBOOK _by Kei Lum and Diora Fong Chan
(Phaidon, September 2016)._ **Slideshow:** More Stir-Fry Recipes

By Kei Lum and Diora Fong Chan

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Stir-Fried Shanghai Noodles

Credit: (C) DL Acken

## Recipe Summary

active:

5 mins

total:

25 mins

Yield:

2

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * 3 1/2 ounces/100 grams lean pork, sliced 
  * 2 tablespoons light soy sauce 
  * 1 teaspoon granulated sugar 
  * 1 teaspoon cornstarch (cornflour) 
  * 2 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil 
  * 11 ounces/300 grams Shanghai noodles 
  * 3 Napa cabbage leaves, shredded 
  * 1/2 tablespoon dark soy sauce 
  * 1 teaspoon sesame oil 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Combine the pork, 1/2 tablespoon light soy sauce,1/2 teaspoon sugar, the
cornstarch (cornflour), and 1/2 tablespoon vegetable oil in a bowl. Mix well
and marinate for 5 minutes.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Meanwhile, bring a large saucepan of water to a boil, then add the noodles.
Cook according to the package directions, until tender. Drain and rinse under
cold running water.

  * Step 3

Bring a saucepan of water to a boil over high heat. Add the Napa cabbage and
blanch for 2 minutes until tender. Drain.

  * Step 4

Heat the remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a wok or large skillet (frying pan)
over medium heat, add the pork, and stir-fry for 2 minutes until cooked
through. Put in the drained noodles and stir-fry for 2 minutes. Add the Napa
cabbage, remaining 1/2 teaspoon sugar, remaining 11/2 tablespoons light soy
sauce, and the dark soy sauce. Stir-fry for 2 minutes until well combined.
Stir in the sesame oil, transfer to a serving plate, and serve.

Advertisement

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews

Add Rating & Review

Be the first to rate and review! No ratings or reviews yet.

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Stir-Fried Shanghai Noodles

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Stir-Fried Shanghai Noodles

##  All Reviews for Stir-Fried Shanghai Noodles

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Food & Wine

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Books from Food & Wine
  * Contact Us
  * Advertise
  * Content Licensing
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithFood & Wine is part of the Meredith Corporation Allrecipes Food Group.
(C) Copyright 2022 Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Privacy
Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in a new
tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis link
opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Food & Wine. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.foodandwine.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Stir-Fried Shanghai Noodles

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

