https://www.tablefortwoblog.com/spicy-chili-tofu-stir-fry/


Skip to Content

Search Magnifying Glass

Search for: Close Search ×

  * Recipes
    * Recipe Index
    * Ingredient Index
    * Premium (TFT+)
  * Travel
    * All Travel
    * Asia
    * Caribbean
    * Europe
    * Mexico
    * United States
    * DC Date Night
  * Shop
  * Subscribe
  * New? Start Here

# Spicy Chili Tofu Stir Fry

Posted on February 16, 2021

Home » Recipes » Main Entrees » Spicy Chili Tofu Stir Fry

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases

Jump to Recipe | Save RecipeSaved!

Meatless Mondays are about to get a LOT more delicious. Spicy chili tofu stir
fry is the ultimate vegetarian dinner with a kick!

I've been trying to cut down on how much meat I eat lately, and I'll be the
first to say it - it's really hard! I have to get really creative and some
vegetarian dishes just don't hit the spot, but I think it's because you have
to go big on flavor.

This chili tofu stir fry is flavor packed and ultra filling!

## Spicy chili tofu stir fry

I mean, this stir fry is cooked in "lava sauce," which if you don't know, just
means the BEST sauce ever. It's made with three simple, flavorful ingredients
that I just can't get enough of.

Remember last week when I shared with you all my garlic chili crisp oil? The
one based off of Trader Joe's chili onion crunch? Well, I created a sauce with
that and in the bowl, it looks like lava hence the name of this dish!

Besides just having lava sauce, the stir fry itself is also incredibly
nutritious and satisfying! With fresh vegetables to bulk up the dish, I never
feel bad about going back for seconds!

### Ingredients for the mouthwatering lava sauce

  * Low sodium soy sauce
  * Light brown sugar
  * Chili crunch sauce

### Ingredients for the fresh tofu stir fry

  * Firm tofu
  * Cornstarch or arrowroot powder
  * Roasted red peppers
  * Broccolini
  * Garlic
  * Ginger

I love making this stir fry not just because it's easy and delicious, but
because it's healthy, too.

Broccolini is high in both vitamins A and C, and it's also rich in fiber.
Between that and the great amount of protein in tofu (I actually get the extra
firm high protein tofu from Trader Joe's), this spicy stir fry is one of my
favorite diet-friendly dinners!

### How can I make it spicier?

If you want to turn up the heat in your lava sauce, all you need to do is mix
in some crushed red pepper flakes! You can also just add some more chili
crunch sauce, too. Either way you do it, you'll definitely make your chili
tofu stir fry even spicier.

If you _really_ want to break a sweat, you could always chop up some Serrano
or Scotch Bonnet peppers and toss them in your stir fry.

### How long will it stay fresh?

Have leftovers? No worries - this spicy tofu stir fry will stay fresh in the
fridge for up to 4 days.

Just be sure to keep it in an airtight container! When you're ready to reheat
it, the microwave works just fine. However, if you want the tofu to stay
slightly crispy, try using the skillet over medium-high heat to reheat it.

### Have any extra tofu laying around? Here are some delicious ways to use it.

Drunken Noodles with Tofu

Teriyaki Tofu and Broccoli Bowls

Tofu and Shiitake Coconut Curry Bowls

Pan-Fried Sesame Garlic Tofu

Black Pepper Tofu

## Spicy Chili Tofu Stir Fry

Spicy chili tofu stir fry is the ultimate vegetarian dinner with a kick! It is
packed with veggies and deliciously crisp tofu!

3 from 2 votes

Prep Time: 30 minutes

Cook Time: 15 minutes

Total Time: 45 minutes

Servings: 2

Author: Julie Chiou

Save Saved! Rate Print

### Ingredients

½1x2x3x

#### For the lava sauce:

  * ▢ 5 tablespoons low sodium soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon light brown sugar
  * ▢ 1 ½ tablespoons chili crunch sauce

#### For the rest of the dish:

  * ▢ 1 package of super firm tofu, drained, pressed, and cut into cubes
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons cornstarch or arrowroot powder
  * ▢ 1 jar of roasted red peppers, diced
  * ▢ 1 small bunch of broccolini, roughly chopped
  * ▢ 2 garlic cloves, minced
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon grated ginger

Add to Shopping List Added! Go to Shopping List

Cook Mode(toggling this on will prevent your screen from going dark)

### Instructions

  * In a small bowl, mix together ingredients for lava sauce, set aside.

  * Place two paper towels on a plate then place the entire block of tofu (drained from its packaging liquid) onto the plate. Place two more paper towels on top of the tofu then put a heavy item on top. Not TOO heavy that it would completely crush the tofu but heavy enough that it can squeeze out liquid. Leave for 30 minutes and halfway through, change out the paper towels.

ALTERNATIVELY and more eco-friendly: place a wire baking rack on top of a
rimmed baking sheet. Place tofu on top and then put a heavy object on top and
let drain for 30 minutes.

  * Once the tofu has drained, slice in half then into cubes and place into a large bowl. Sprinkle cornstarch on top and gently toss with your hands to ensure all tofu pieces are covered.

  * In a large skillet, add avocado oil or vegetable oil and heat to medium-high. Add the tofu to the skillet and let cook until crispy. Do not touch it or flip for 3-4 minutes to ensure crispiness then repeat on all sides.

  * Remove tofu from skillet and put on a plate and set aside. Using the same skillet at medium heat, add red peppers, broccolini, garlic, and ginger. Cook until broccolini has softened, about 5-7 minutes. Add the sauce, bring to low simmer, then add tofu back in. Stir to coat everything and remove from heat.

  * Serve on top of white rice.

### YOUR NOTES

Click here to add your own notes about this recipe that only you can see!

### NUTRITION FACTS

Serving: 1 serving | Calories: 207 kcal | Carbohydrates: 25 g | Protein: 17 g
| Fat: 4 g | Saturated Fat: 1 g | Sodium: 2341 mg | Potassium: 426 mg | Fiber:
1 g | Sugar: 11 g

This website provides approximate nutrition information for convenience and as
a courtesy only. Nutrition information can vary for a variety of reasons. For
the most precise nutritional data use your preferred nutrition calculator
based on the actual ingredients you used in the recipe.

Course: Dinner, Main Entree

Cuisine: Asian

Keyword: broccoli, chili, red bell pepper, red pepper flakes, tofu

  * Pin
  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Email

By Author Julie Chiou

Categories Main Entrees

Tags

Tags

Dairy-freeEgg-freeGluten-FreeNut-freeOne-PotVeganVegetarian

## Post navigation

Funfetti Cocoa Bombs

Mexican Vegetable and Bean Tortilla Soup

Click here to cancel reply.

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Current [email protected] *

Leave this field empty

imsen

Sunday 6th of February 2022

Thank you, this was beautiful although we wanted more sauce with the rice as
the soy etc were sucked up by the other ingredients!

Iina

Saturday 15th of May 2021

Delicious but not spicy at all

Julie Chiou

Saturday 15th of May 2021

do feel free to adjust to your taste! hard to give measurements to that
because if i give a higher amount, that may be too spicy for others. taste is
very personal! glad you enjoyed though

Maggie

Thursday 1st of April 2021

I didn't care the flavors, I taste mostly soy sauce.

### Welcome to the Table!

Hi, friend! I reserved a seat at the table just for you. Let's get you settled
in! In the navigation, click on "start here" to get you on your way!

### FOLLOW

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

### LOOKING FOR SOMETHING?

Search for:

### Find Recipes

  * Appetizers + Snacks
  * Breakfast
  * Desserts
  * Drinks
  * Main Entrees
  * Side Dishes
  * Recipe Index
  * Ingredient Index

### FOLLOW

  * The Community Table
  * Subscribe

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

### INFORMATION

  * Comment Policy
  * Disclosures
  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms of Use
  * Shop

Search for:

© 2022 Table for Two®. All Rights Reserved. Table for Two is a registered mark
owned by Julie Chiou.

