https://holycowvegan.net/chilli-tofu/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Browse Recipes
    * Latest
    * By Category
  * Indian Vegan Recipes
  * SUBSCRIBE
  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Latest recipes
  * Browse by category
  * Indian Vegan Recipes
  * Subscribe
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

Ã—

Home > Indian Vegan Recipes > Tofu Recipes

# Chilli Tofu

Posted: Jul 11, 2012 Â· Updated: Nov 21, 2021

Jump to Recipe Pin Recipe

_This succulent, saucy and spicy vegan Chilli Tofu is based off an Indo-
Chinese recipe, and flavored with tamari, ginger, garlic, coriander and cumin,
making it the perfect blend of these two distinctive cuisines. Serve with rice
or lo mein or Mandarin pancakes for a tasty dinner._

  
I love it when I can find irony in the most unlikely places-- like my Chilli
Tofu.

My Chilli Tofu is based off an Indo-Chinese recipe called Chilli Paneer. This
is a spicy, saucy blend of Indian spices and Chinese condiments, and the star,
of course, is the paneer, an Indian cottage cheese that's usually sold in
blocks, just like tofu.

Paneer is a bland cheese that soaks up the flavors of the curries and gravies
it is added to, as does tofu. They even have similar textures but the tofu, of
course, is far healthier. I've posted other recipes before that use tofu
instead of paneer, like my Vegan Palak "Paneer" and Tofu Makhani.

Now here's the fun part. While substitutions usually have the effect of taking
a dish away from its roots, this time, as I swapped the tofu for the paneer
for my Chilli Tofu recipe, I realized that the modification makes this dish
even more Chinese. Get it?

So here's my recipe for Chilli Tofu in all of its modified glory-- a surefire
winner that would give the original a run for the rupee any day. It's a
healthy, protein-rich, low-fat dish full of flavor and zest, and it would pair
perfectly with some Mandarin Pancakes or with some white rice.

Enjoy, all!

## Looking for more vegan Indo-Chinese recipes?

  * Garlic Fried Rice
  * Vegan 'Egg' Fried Rice
  * Veg Hakka Noodles

## Chilli Tofu

This succulent, saucy and spicy dish of Chili Tofu is based off an Indo-
Chinese recipe, and flavored with tamari, ginger, garlic, coriander and cumin,
making it the perfect blend of these two distinctive cuisines. Serve with rice
or lo mein or Mandarin pancakes for a tasty dinner.

5 from 20 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe Review Recipe

Course: Main

Cuisine: Indo-Chinese, nut-free

Diet: Gluten Free, Vegan, Vegetarian

Keyword: Chilli Tofu

Prep Time: 10 mins

Cook Time: 25 mins

Total Time: 35 mins

Servings: 6 servings

Calories: 238kcal

Author: Vaishali Â· Holy Cow! Vegan Recipes

### Ingredients

  * â–¢ 14 oz extra-firm tofu (swaddle the tofu block in paper towels and place in a colander for 30 minutes with a heavy weight on top, like a saucepan, to press our any water.). Cut the tofu into 1-inch cubes and coat with the marinade (recipe below).
  * â–¢ 1 large green bell pepper (sliced. You can use other colors, but I just love the flavor of green pepper in this dish)
  * â–¢ 1 serrano pepper (or any other moderately hot chili pepper, minced)
  * â–¢ 3 teaspoon vegetable oil
  * â–¢ 1 teaspoon cumin seeds
  * â–¢ 1 tablespoon ground coriander
  * â–¢ 1 teaspoon ground black pepper
  * â–¢ 1 large large onion (thinly sliced)
  * â–¢ 1 teaspoon garlic (grated)
  * â–¢ 1 teaspoon ginger (grated)
  * â–¢ 1 teaspoon cornstarch  (mixed into Â¼ cup water)
  * â–¢ 1-2 tablespoon tamari (can use soy sauce instead)
  * â–¢ Salt to taste
  * â–¢ 2 tablespoon cilantro (finely chopped)

#### For the marinade:

  * â–¢ 1 teaspoon garlic (crushed into a paste)
  * â–¢ 1 teaspoon ginger (crushed into a paste)
  * â–¢ 2 teaspoon cornstarch
  * â–¢ 1 teaspoon tamari (can use soy sauce instead)

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Instructions

  * Mix the marinade ingredients with enough water to make a paste. Toss the tofu cubes in it to coat.

  * Heat 2 teaspoon of the oil in a nonstick or cast-iron pan. Saute the tofu cubes on all sides until they are golden-brown. Remove to a plate.

  * Heat the remaining 1 teaspoon of oil and add the cumin seeds. When they sputter, add the ginger and garlic and onion.

  * Saute until the onion becomes transparent. Now add the coriander powder, black pepper, and minced green chilli. Toss to coat with the spices and then add the green pepper.

  * Stir-fry until the bell pepper starts to soften but still has a good bite to it. Now add the tofu cubes and toss them with the spices. Add the tamari or soy sauce and the cornflour mixed with water (this will give the tofu a nice glaze). Stir until well mixed and remove from the heat.

  * Toss in the coriander and serve hot.

### Nutrition

Calories: 238kcal | Carbohydrates: 13.3g | Protein: 22.4g | Fat: 11.9g |
Sodium: 396mg | Potassium: 117mg | Fiber: 3.6g | Sugar: 2.2g | Vitamin A:
700IU | Vitamin C: 56.9mg | Calcium: 160mg | Iron: 4.1mg

Tried this recipe?Please leave a comment and recipe rating below!

Follow Holy Cow Vegan on Instagram

Â« Garlic and Herb Sandwich Buns

Vegan Conchiglie With Potatoes, Meatballs and Spinach Â»

  *   *   *   * 

#### About Vaishali

 _  
Hi! I'm Vaishali, a journalist turned food blogger. At Holy Cow Vegan I share
easy, tasty recipes made with clean, wholesome ingredients that the entire
family can enjoy.

Leave this field empty if you're human:

### Try these recipes next

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Gerry

July 26, 2021 at 7:13 pm

Love this recipe. It has become one of our favorites. I sometimes substitute
green beans instead of green pepper and triple up on the marinade.

Reply

  2. Judith

June 06, 2021 at 2:36 am

  
Hi Vaishali - your Chilli Tofu made a delicious wintry Sunday lunch. I added
sliced button mushrooms before returning the tofu to the pan. Served with
wholemeal spelt flatbread.

Reply

  3. James

August 31, 2019 at 8:27 pm

Roughly how much water did you put to make the marinade? I really want to try
this but I'm cooking impaired. ? Just an approximation would really help.
Thanks.

Reply

    * Vaishali

August 31, 2019 at 8:41 pm

Start with 1 tbsp and add more if needed. You want a paste thick or thin
enough to coat the tofu.

Reply

      * James

September 01, 2019 at 3:58 pm

I've never cooked tofu before, so this was all new to me. I've had chilli
paneer lots of times, and this version came out pretty good. I think once I've
practised a little, it'll be perfect. ðŸ˜‰ Thanks so much for getting back to me,
I appreciate it. ðŸ™‚

Reply

  4. vyjayanti balakrishnan

July 05, 2019 at 1:34 am

Hi  
tried the tofu recipe but wondering how i got a brownish colour whereas yours
looked red and seemed as if some red sauce was added please advice as yours
looks more appetising

Reply

  5. Kripa

April 28, 2019 at 10:37 am

Hi,  
I tried this recipe but mine did not turn out like the picture, i.e it did not
look red, did you put colour?

Reply

  6. katherine fragen

April 29, 2018 at 4:18 pm

thank you for your recipes! this looks amazing - i am going to make it this
week. you're blog is such a saving grace for me. my husband and i watched
"what the health"and literally became vegan overnight. we are working on the
conversion without becoming too redundant in flavors and recipes. having said
that, this looks like it could be amazing for eggplant in place of tofu. what
do you think? suggest?

Reply

    * Vaishali

April 30, 2018 at 4:15 pm

Thanks for your kind words, Katherine. You could definitely try these spices
with eggplant-- would work very well, I think.

Reply

  7. Indumathi K

March 09, 2018 at 12:56 pm

  
Love love this recipe! Delicious! Thanks a ton! ðŸ™‚

Reply

  8. Sujata

July 24, 2017 at 9:03 am

Hi Vaishali , I cannot see the marinade ingredients. Could you kindly reply
with the ingredients, please ? Thanks.

Reply

    * Vaishali

July 26, 2017 at 5:15 pm

Hi Sujata, the marinade subheader was lost during reformatting-- I've put it
back there, so it should be clearer now. Cheers.

Reply

  9. Renee

May 19, 2017 at 9:51 pm

  
Vaishali, this was the best tofu recipe I've ever tasted. Everyone in our
house just loved it. THANKS SO MUCH!

Reply

  10. Barb

September 10, 2016 at 7:42 am

This recipe sounds delish! Can you clarify what "cornflour" is? Is it just
finely ground corn meal?

Reply

    * Vaishali

September 10, 2016 at 1:21 pm

It's cornstarch!

Reply

    * Isha

October 28, 2021 at 4:01 am

238KCAL? OR 238 CAL??????

Reply

  11. janette

January 29, 2015 at 11:08 pm

Delicious! The spices were well balanced and so interesting. Did not have bell
pepper or chilies on hand, so added a little red pepper flake for some heat.
Looking forward to making it again soon!

Reply

Â« Older Comments

### Leave a comment: Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name

Email

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Î”

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi, I'm Vaishali!** I cook, eat and share easy, tasty and nutritious plant-
based recipes from my Washington, D.C. kitchen, but I never fight a craving
for samosas or French fries.

More about me â†’

  *   *   *   *   * 

## Trending recipes

  * Cheesy Vegan Cauliflower Pasta Bake

  * Vegan Picadillo Tacos

  * Vegan Zucchini Pasta

  * Chickpea Rice

  * Vegan Mushroom Stroganoff

  * Mexican Tofu with Apricots, Chipotle and Tamarind

## Recipes to make now

  * Vegan Bean and Oats Burger

  * Spicy Vegan Black Bean Burgers

  * Grilled Corn Salad

  * Vegan Corn Fritters

  * Easy Pan Roasted Zucchini

  * Curry Roasted Eggplant

## How to make

  * Dosa Recipe | How to Make Perfect Dosai at Home

  * Easy Mushroom Stock

  * Sambar Powder (Sambar Masala)

  * Roti recipe. How to make the softest Roti/Chapati (step by step with video)

  * Healthy Whole Wheat Vegan Puff Pastry (1/2 the fat)

  * Easy Indian Curry Paste for Restaurant-Style Dishes

  * Vegan Mayo

  * How to Make Curry Powder

## Footer

* * *

## ABOUT HOLYCOWVEGAN

All Recipes  
Recipe Videos  
About Vaishali  
Privacy Policy

## VEGAN INDIAN RECIPES

Vegan Dal or Dahl Recipes  
Vegan Curry Recipes  
Indian Vegan Desserts

## VEGAN BAKING RECIPES

Vegan Bread Recipes  
Vegan Sourdough Recipes  
Vegan Cake Recipes  
Vegan Pie Recipes  
Vegan Cookie Recipes

* * *

As an Amazon associate I earn from qualifying purchases. Please read my full
disclosure here.

Â© 2022 Holy Cow Vegan

## Sharing is Caring

Help spread the word. You're awesome for doing it!

