https://www.bosh.tv/recipes/crispy-chilli-tofu


This website places cookies on your computer to improve your experience. By
continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. For
more details, see our cookie policy. ×

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

  * About
  * Food & Drink

    * All
    * Breakfast
    * Small Plates & Sharers
    * Main Dishes
    * Desserts
    * Cocktails
  * Stories

    * All
    * News & Press
    * Food Reviews
  * Books
  * TV
  * Products

    * All
    * Cake mixes
    * Savoury mixes
    * Store cupboard
    * Sweet treats
    * The Bosh Edit
    * Ready Meals

Get weekly updates

# Give BOSH! a Shout

Select Press Work with us Send us love

Name

Email

Message

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms
and Conditions apply.

Send

Thank you!  

Your email has been sent

Five Yum Friday

Would you like delicious recipes and other goodness delivered to your inbox
every Friday?

  * Iconic BOSH! recipe ideas

  * Exciting launches & news

  * Other things we're loving

Join our Five Yum Friday list for 5 bite-sized bits of culinary awesomeness
for your weekend.

Name Email Sign me up!

# Crispy Chilli Tofu

Crispy Chilli Tofu

Share

* * Like this? Get the full written recipe in the BOSH! Cookbook: https://smarturl.it/BOSHCookbo...

This is our take on one of our favourite Chinese takeaway dishes. It’s spicy,
full of umami flavour, sticky, gooey and incredibly moreish. Often when you
buy this kind of dish it’s filled with MSG, but ours is much healthier, with a
base of orange juice and sweet chilli sauce adding the main sweet tang.
Service with rice and top with spring onions for the ultimate dish!

Ingredients

Method

## Ingredients

  * 1 x 280g block firm tofu
  * 150g cornflour
  * vegetable oil, for frying
  * 2 lemons
  * 250ml orange juice
  * 100g sweet chilli sauce
  * 1 tbsp sriracha or other chilli sauce
  * 3 tbsp soy sauce
  * 1 spring onion, to serve
  * 1 tsp sesame seeds, to serve

## Method

  1. 1.

Tofu press or 2 clean tea towels and a weight such as a heavy book | Large,
deep frying pan on a high heat | Large plate covered with kitchen paper

  

First, press the tofu using a tofu press or place it between two clean tea
towels, lay it on a plate and put a weight on top | Leave for at least half an
hour to drain any liquid and firm up before you start cooking

  

Carefully slice the pressed tofu into 1cm-wide sticks and spread them out on a
board | Sift cornflour over the top, coating the pieces generously| Use tongs
or two forks to turn the pieces and sift over more cornflour until the tofu is
covered on all sides | The thicker the better with the cornflour as this
coating gives the cooked tofu its crunchy texture

  

Pour enough oil into the pan to fully coat the bottom and heat until it makes
the tip of a wooden spoon sizzle | Carefully place the tofu pieces in the pan,
with a bit of space around each one (you may need to cook them in batches) |
Cook for 5 minutes, turning the pieces every minute or so until they are
starting to turn golden brown | Transfer to the plate lined with kitchen paper
| Tip away the excess oil in the pan and reduce the heat to medium-high

  

Cut the lemons in half and squeeze the juice into the pan, catching any pips
in your other hand (be careful as the pan may spit) | Add the orange juice,
sweet chilli sauce, sriracha and soy sauce and bring to the boil | Simmer for
5–7 minutes until the liquid has reduced to a syrupy consistency

  

Add the tofu strips back to the pan and stir until fully coated | Continue to
cook, stirring regularly, for 5 minutes and then remove from the heat| Finely
slice the spring onion and sprinkle over the tofu along with the sesame seeds
before serving

## Want to bring more plants to the table? Join BOSH!+

Sign up for Live cook-alongs , eating plans and exclusive content, on your
table before the rest of the world.

## More ideas for dinner

## The Vegan Big Mac

## Creamy Pesto Pasta Bake

## Rogan Squash

## Smokey Spaghetti

## Super Simple Spaghetti

## Creamy Lemon & Dill Spaghetti

## Creamy Veggie Sausage Pasta

## Mezze Cake

## Super Spring Risotto

## Super Fly Chilli Fries

## Tommy Bean Pasta

## Tandoori Cauli Steaks

## Links

  * About
  * Food & Drink
  * Stories
  * TV
  * Products

  * Book
  * Contact
  * Contact

## Newsletter

Get all the latest recipes straight to your inbox.

SIGN ME UP SIGN ME UP

## Follow Us

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

Copyright (C) BOSH!

TermsPrivacyCookies

