https://www.ohmyveg.co.uk/chilli-tofu/


Skip to content

************ Menu

  * About

Oh My Veg!

Easy Vegetarian Recipes

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * Thalis & Meal Ideas
  * Articles & Tips

Main

C

# Chilli Tofu - Indo-Chinese Crispy, Sticky Tofu

by Ellanor AquitaineAugust 1, 2020March 24, 2022

## Dear Reader,

It's lovely to meet you! I couldn't be more excited that you've found my
little corner of the internet here at Oh My Veg. This is a place of refuge for
all like-minded foodies and home cooks looking for vegan & vegetarian recipes
which will nourish the body, soul and heart. Let's make some incredible food
together!

Jump to Recipe

This simple Chilli Tofu recipe has to be one of my favourite ways to cook with
tofu. It transforms the humble ingredient into something exciting and creates
an explosion of flavours. It's ideal for people who love crispy tofu but also
great for the people who like a softer texture - because the tofu is coated in
a delicious spice-infused batter, it's crispy on the outside but retains the
soft texture inside. Perfect!

A **lthough tofu is traditionally widely used in Japanese and Chinese
cuisines, for this dish I was inspired by an Indo-Chinese recipe for Chilli
Paneer.** If you haven't heard of Indo-Chinese food before, I'm not surprised
- it's a cuisine wildly popular in India but relatively unknown elsewhere. It
incorporates traditional Chinese flavours and cooking techniques into Indian
food with delicious results. Since tofu has been a traditional ingredient in
East-Asian cooking for centuries, I thought it would make a perfect companion
for this dish - and I was right! The added benefit is that it's vegan _and_
delicious.

> This is an easy, satisfying meal that will be a real hit with anyone who
> tries it.

In this recipe both the batter that coats the tofu and the sauce itself are
heavily flavoured. The batter is light but crunchy and perfectly clings to the
tofu, creating a _sublime_ crisp. Flecks of black pepper and red chilli powder
mixed through the batter give a sharp, fierce spice. And then the sauce - it's
sticky, clinging to every crispy bit of batter and coating it with flavour.
Fresh minced ginger, garlic and red chillis combine with sauces perfectly
caramelized to glossy perfection. Sesame seeds, julienne ginger and sliced
spring onions flirtatiously sprinkled on top complete the dish.

## **Is Chilli Tofu Gluten Free and Vegan?**

Yes! **This recipe is Gluten Free and Vegan.**

Because the batter is made with rice flour and cornflour, it's entirely free
of gluten and makes for the lightest, crispiest batter you'll ever taste. You
will have to use Tamari or a Gluten Free Soy Sauce, as the usual brands aren't
usually Gluten Free. Also make sure to double check your Chilli Sauce as
although most are gluten free, it is always best to check.

I use homemade tofu in this recipe which is of course, entirely vegan - plus
incredibly easy (it's made with 2 ingredients!!) and tasty! However, you can
use any variety of shop bought tofu that you prefer, as long as it's not
silken tofu. I find extra-firm tofu the best for mimicking the texture of
paneer, which is what we're going for in this recipe.

## **This Recipe Is â€¦**

  * Quick and easy - ready in less than 20 minutes! 
  * Full of protein 
  * Easy for anyone to cook 
  * Full of flavour and just the right amount of spice 
  * Gluten Free 
  * Vegan 

**If you 're interested in more of my Vegan recipes, why not check out
**Bharli Vangi - an Indian stuffed eggplant curry, the classic Thai street-
food Tofu & Vegetable Pad Thai, one of my most popular recipes of all time, an
authentic Chickpea Curry, or how about some Vegetable Spring Rolls which would
pair amazingly with this recipe?

Continue to Content

## Chilli Tofu - Indo-Chinese Crispy, Sticky Tofu

_Yield:_ 3

_Prep Time:_ 5 minutes

_Cook Time:_ 10 minutes

_Total Time:_ 15 minutes

A quick 15 minute dish of Crispy and Spicy Chilli Tofu coated in a delicious
sticky Indo-Chinese sauce.

Print

### Ingredients

#### For the Batter:

  * 200g Extra Firm Tofu, cubed
  * 2 tbsp Rice Flour
  * 4 tbsp Cornflour/Cornstarch
  * 1 tsp Ginger-Garlic Paste
  * 1/2 tsp Red Chilli Powder
  * 1/4 tsp Ground Black Pepper
  * Pinch of Salt 
  * 1/4 tsp Lime Juice (Lemon Juice will do too) 
  * 1 tbsp Cornflour to coat Tofu 
  * 50ml Water 
  * Sunflower Oil, for deep frying 

#### For the Sauce:

  * 1 tbsp Sesame Oil
  * 1 tbsp Sunflower Oil
  * 3 Garlic Cloves, minced 
  * 1 tbsp Ginger, minced 
  * 1 Heaped tbsp fresh Red Chilli, chopped
  * 40g Green Bell Pepper, cubed 
  * 40g White Onion, cubed 
  * 2 tbsp Ketchup 
  * 2 tbsp Hot Chilli Sauce
  * 1/2 tsp Vinegar 
  * 2 tsp Tamari Soy Sauce
  * 1/4 tsp Salt, or to taste 
  * 50ml Water 
  * Spring Onion, optional to garnish 
  * Sesame Seeds, optional to garnish

#### For the Cornflour Slurry:

  * 1 tsp Cornflour/Cornstarch
  * 2 tsp Water 

### Instructions

  1. **Make a batter for the tofu.  **Add rice flour, cornflour, ginger-garlic paste, red chilli powder, black pepper powder, a pinch of salt and lime juice to a small bowl. Add water slowly, whisking as you go to create a smooth batter. Meanwhile, sprinkle the flour over the cut tofu and mix it to coat. 
  2. **Fry the tofu*.  **Heat sunflower oil in a large kadai _ _ or deep frying pan over medium-high heat. Once the oil is hot, dip the tofu pieces in the batter one by one and coat completely. Carefully drop into the hot oil and fry gently until golden-brown and crispy. Be careful not to overcrowd the pan or the pieces will stick together. Once done, carefully remove from the oil using a slotted spoon and drain on kitchen paper.
  3.  **Make the thickening cornflour slurry.  **Whisk together 1 tsp Cornflour and 2 tsp Water in a small bowl. Set aside until needed.
  4.  **Make the sauce.  **In a medium wok,  _kadai,  _or even non-stick frying pan, heat sesame oil and sunflower oil together over medium-high heat. Once the oil is hot add the garlic, ginger and chilli. Stir fry together quickly for a few seconds and then add the cubed bell pepper and onions. Cook for 30 seconds to 1 minute, stirring frequently, until just cooked but still with a little crunch. At this stage add the ketchup, chilli sauce, soy sauce, vinegar and salt. Mix to combine and cook for a few seconds, then add the cornflour slurry. Stir continuously and slowly add the extra 50ml of water to the pan. The sauce will become thick but flowing and with a shine. Finally add the battered tofu to the pan and cook for 1 minute extra, coating the tofu in the sauce. Once done turn off the heat.
  5. Serve garnished with chopped spring onion and optionally sesame seeds.

### Notes

_Note: For a healthier alternative to deep frying, you can also shallow fry or
saute the tofu pieces in minimal oil. It wonâ€™t create the same ultra-crispy
batter coating, but will still be delicious._

### Recommended Products

As an Amazon Associate and member of other affiliate programs, I earn from
qualifying purchases.

  * Kadai 

###### Nutrition Information:

Yield: 3 Serving Size: 1  
_Amount Per Serving:_ Calories: 122Total Fat: 7gSaturated Fat: 1gTrans Fat:
0gUnsaturated Fat: 6gCholesterol: 3mgSodium: 401mgCarbohydrates: 11gFiber:
1gSugar: 4gProtein: 5g

_Nutrition information isnâ€™t always accurate._

### Did you make this recipe?

Please post a photo on Instagram and tag @ohmyvegofficial! Alternatively,
leave a review & comment on my blog ðŸ’š

(C) Oh My Veg!

**Cuisine:** Indo Chinese  / **Category:** Main

## **How to Serve Chilli Tofu?**

You can serve Chilli Tofu as an appetizer or starter and eat it directly as it
is.

Alternatively, you can serve the chilli tofu on top of a bed of rice. Steamed
rice, egg fried rice or vegetable fried rice all taste great here. Sticky rice
is another wonderful option. Stir-fried noodles or vegetable noodles are also
a wonderful accompaniment to make up a whole meal.

If you made this recipe, please let me know in the comments down below how it
came out. If you have a picture to share, I would love to see it â€“ share on
any of my social media channels by messaging me or tagging @ohmyvegofficial!
Likewise, if you have any doubts or questions donâ€™t hesitate to get in contact
and I will be more than happy to help you.

CategoriesFood Lunch Starters

Tags

asiangluten-freenut-freesoytofuvegan

## Post navigation

Previous articleHow to make Homemade Tofu from Soy Milk

Next articleRasgulla - Bengali Sweets in a Cardamon Sugar Syrup

3 comments

  1. **Rowena Jeff** says:

August 1, 2020 at 9:22 pm

This looks lush I'm going to give it a go tomorrow.

Reply

    1. **Ellanor Aquitaine** says:

August 2, 2020 at 1:20 pm

Please let me know how it goes Rowena! I'd absolutely love to see pictures
too!  
Ellanor x

Reply

  2. **Sophie Wallis** says:

January 16, 2021 at 10:53 pm

This recipe is outstanding! So flavourful yet also simple to prepare. Canâ€™t
recommend enough x

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment

Name

Email

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Post Comment

## Related Posts

V

## Vegan Chestnut Mushroom Arancini

V

## Vegetable Chow Mein Noodles, Cantonese Style (Vegan)

L

## Lemony Asparagus Risotto (Vegan, Gluten Free)

Back to Top

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Contact

Â© 2022 Oh My Veg

Menu

Next: Rasgulla - Bengali Sweets in a Cardamon Sugar Syrup

Reading: Chilli Tofu - Indo-Chinese Crispy, Sticky Tofu

Search

Search for: Search

Begin typing your search above and press return to search. Press Esc to
cancel.

Close overlay search

Menu

Skip to Recipe

