https://www.veganricha.com/chilli-tofu-indian-chilli-paneer-recipe/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * (new) Recipe Filters
    * Popular Recipes
    * Breakfast
    * Lunch / Dinner
    * Dessert
    * Indian
    * Instant Pot
    * Burgers
    * Pizza
    * Recipe Index
  * Videos
    * Instant Pot
    * Dessert
    * Holidays
    * Easy Vegan Meals
    * All Recipe Videos
  * CookBooks
    * Vegan Richa‚Äôs Instant Pot Cookbook(PREORDER NOW)
    * Vegan Richa's Everyday Kitchen (Print & Digital)
    * Vegan Richa's Indian Kitchen (Print & Digital)
  * Resources
    * How To Start A Food Blog
    * Resources for Food Bloggers
    * Vegan Subs & Resources
    * Our Vegan Journey and FAQs
    * Indian Pantry
    * Indian Dal / Lentil Names
  * Shop
  * About / Contact
  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Videos
  * CookBooks
  * Shop
  * About
  * NEW! Instant Pot Cookbook

*   * Bloglovin
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

√ó

Home ¬ª gluten free

# Chilli Tofu - Indian Chilli "Paneer" Recipe

Published: Oct 12, 2016 ¬∑ Modified: Feb 7, 2018 by Richa 19 Comments

Jump to Recipe   Print Recipe

Chilli Tofu - Indian Chilli "Paneer" Recipe. Chilli Paneer is an Indo-chinese
fusion stir fry served with fusion noodles or fried rice. Crisp Tofu replaces
the Paneer cheese in this delicious and quick version. Vegan Gluten-free Nut-
free Recipe

**Jump to Recipe   **

Chilli Paneer is a popular dish from Indian-chinese cuisine. The cuisine
evolved in the Chinese community who lived in Eastern India by adjusting and
adding more Indian ingredients to chinese recipes. Indo-chinese is an
extensive cuisine with options like Manchurian sauce with cauliflower or
veggie balls(in my book), **hakka noodles**, Sichuan fried rice, hot and sour
and manchow soups, chop suey, chow meins and others. These recipes even if
they use a common/known name, are often different from their US or other
country counterparts.

These fusion recipes are flavorful with abundant garlic and ginger, spicy and
fun. In the vegetarian options, veggies or paneer make up the bulk of some
dishes. There are specific sauces that have evolved for this cuisine like the
chili garlic sauce or the vinegary green chili sauce that are often available
in Indian stores or online. I make a quick chili ginger vinegar sauce from
scratch for this Chilli tofu. The green chile sauce is flavorful and hot to
preference (use mild to hot green chilies to preference). Tofu is cubed and
crisped, then garlic, and veggies are cooked. The sauce is added and cooked
lightly and tofu is tossed back in to coat. Serve this delicious dish with
cooked rice or grains or over noodles of choice.

Crisp up the Tofu.

Add onion, chili, garlic until translucent.

Add peppers and other veggies in.

  

Add the blended chili ginger vinegar sauce and cook to bring to a boil.

Add the tofu and cook to coat.

Serve hot over a bowl of rice.

  

Print Recipe

5 from 10 votes

## Chilli Tofu - Indian Chilli "Paneer" Recipe

Chilli Tofu - Indian Chilli "Paneer" Recipe. Chilli Paneer is an Indo-chinese
fusion stir fry served with fusion noodles or fried rice. Crisp Tofu replaces
the Paneer cheese in this delicious and quick version. Vegan Gluten-free Nut-
free Recipe

Prep Time10 mins

Cook Time25 mins

Total Time35 mins

Course: Main

Cuisine: Gluten-free, Indian-Chinese, Vegan

Servings: 2

Calories: 232kcal

Author: Vegan Richa

### Ingredients

#### Chilli Sauce mixture:

  * 1 green chile hot or moderate heat
  * 1/2 to 3/4 inch knob of ginger
  * 1.5 to 2 tbsp soy sauce use tamari to make gluten-free
  * 1 tbsp white vinegar
  * 1/2 tsp (0.5 tsp) sugar
  * 1/2 tsp (0.5 tsp) cayenne or use a combination of cayenne and paprika for less heat
  * 1/4 cup (62.5 ml) water

#### For the Chilli Tofu:

  * 14 oz (396.89 g) firm tofu
  * 1 to 2 tbsp cornstarch or arrowroot starch
  * 1/4 tsp (0.25 tsp) black pepper
  * 1/4 tsp (0.25 tsp) salt
  * 2 tsp oil
  * 1/2 (0.5 ) medium onion thinly sliced
  * 5 to 6 cloves of garlic finely chopped
  * 1/2 (0.5 ) green chile finely chopped
  * 1 green bell pepper thinly sliced
  * 1/4 tsp (0.25 tsp) salt
  * 1 tsp cornstarch mixed in 1/4 cup or more water

### Instructions

  * Make the chilli sauce mixture. Blend all the ingredients under the sauce mixture until well blended.

  * Drain and Press the Tofu using a tofu press. Or slice and fold paper towels over the slices and press using a heavy weight for atleast 10 minutes.

  * Cube the tofu and toss with starch, black pepper and salt. Add more starch if needed.

  * Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. When hot, add the tofu cubes and cook until golden on some edges. Stir occasionally. 6 to 8 minutes.

  * Remove from the pan. Add onions, green chili and garlic to the pan and cook for 3 to 4 minutes, or until translucent. Add green bell pepper and cook for 2 minutes.

  * Add the blended sauce mix, bring to a boil and cook for a minute.

  * Add in the tofu and salt and mix in. Add starch mixed in water and mix in. Bring to a boil to thicken. Taste and adjust salt, tang and heat. Simmer for another minute or so for he flavors to infuse or thicken if needed. Garnish with black pepper or pepper flakes, and sliced scallions and Serve as is or over cooked rice or grains, or with indo-chinese hakka noodles

### Notes

Nutritional values based on one serving

### Nutrition

Nutrition Facts

Chilli Tofu - Indian Chilli "Paneer" Recipe

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 232 Calories from Fat 90

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 10g **15%**

Saturated Fat 1g **6%**

 **Sodium** 747mg **32%**

 **Potassium** 529mg **15%**

 **Carbohydrates** 20g **7%**

Fiber 2g **8%**

Sugar 7g **8%**

 **Protein** 15g **30%**

**Vitamin A** 410IU **8%**

 **Vitamin C** 54.9mg **67%**

 **Calcium** 81mg **8%**

 **Iron** 2.4mg **13%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Local people(Seattle and surrounding). Seattle's first vegan & gluten-free
cooking school opens in a few weeks!

Find out about the classes (ethnic cuisines, easy weekday meals, spice
blending 101 etc) and all the fun at Fire and Earth Kitchen's fb page or site.
It's a brand new school, and they need all the support!

### Sharing is caring!

Share on Pinterest Share on Facebook Share on WhatsApp Share on Twitter Share
on Email

¬´ Easy Vegan Cheesecake for 2 Glutenfree Oat Crust

Toasted Coconut Balls - Toasted Coconut Ladoo ¬ª

  
  
‚≠êÔ∏è‚≠êÔ∏è‚≠êÔ∏è‚≠êÔ∏è **If you Love the Recipe, Please consider rating it using stars in
comments! It helps readers and helps more people find the recipe online! I
love hearing from you all!** ‚≠ê‚≠ê‚≠ê‚≠ê  
  

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Œî

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

  1. Ethan

August 21, 2017 at 12:52 pm

  
YES!! LOVE 1-skillet easy and simple but DELICIOUS recipes like this. Right up
my alley <3

Reply

  2. Kristen

March 14, 2017 at 10:36 am

WOW. So incredibly delicious and flavorful. I added a bit of turmeric and
garam masala - try it!

Served over basmati, with half an avocado and some sriracha.

Reply

    * Nancy

June 01, 2022 at 8:00 pm

üëåüëå‚≠ê‚≠ê surely lwill try this recipe.

Reply

  3. Neeta Renner

February 15, 2017 at 7:03 am

  
Richa, you've done it, yet again! This was so delicious.

I cook on Sundays for the week, & didn't get to try it until mid-week, but
I'll tell you, I was daydreaming about it at work the day after. It is the
perfect savory meal!! You are awesome!!!

Reply

    * Pankaj Talwar

October 28, 2021 at 8:06 am

  
It's wow

Reply

  4. Charlie Hogue

November 23, 2016 at 3:32 pm

  
I made this for my wife and I last Sunday and it was delicious. Thanks for the
great recipe!

Reply

    * Richa

November 23, 2016 at 3:55 pm

yay!

Reply

  5. Alex

November 01, 2016 at 7:44 am

  
Paneer is one of the things I've found challenging to give up. Looking forward
to trying this, thanks for the inspiration!

Reply

  6. Diana

October 30, 2016 at 12:28 am

  
A lovely recipe! Even my daughter who doesn't like tofu had to admit that it
tasted really well! Will be in my favourites book üôÇ

Reply

  7. Anna

October 26, 2016 at 5:37 pm

  
I have yet to cook a recipe from this site I have no loved! It is making being
vegan extremely easy.

Reply

    * Richa

October 26, 2016 at 11:44 pm

yay!

Reply

  8. Sara Hohn

October 18, 2016 at 9:05 am

YUM! Can't wait to try this! Looks so good and simple, too!

Reply

  9. Taylor Filaroski

October 18, 2016 at 8:28 am

  
Made this Sunday night for my brother and myself and we loved it! However,
when I made the sauce I didn't have as much as what I see in your pics! I
think I made the sauce correctly‚Ä¶what should I add next time to make a larger
quantity of sauce?

Reply

    * Richa

October 18, 2016 at 10:48 am

Great! Add a bit more water or double the sauce.

Reply

  10. Mamatha

October 15, 2016 at 5:03 pm

Wonderful! Will definitely be making this again! But I can't fry tofu in under
20 minutes!

Reply

  11. yas

October 14, 2016 at 7:55 am

  
I cooked this today exactly as specified (in the not-so-hot version) and both
my husband and I loved it! <3

We also bought your book and have been eating your recipes for a few weeks now
- we've even brought your meals to potlucks, and everyone, vegan or not, loves
them! Thank you for being so awesome! =)

Reply

    * Richa

October 14, 2016 at 10:34 am

AWesome!! I am so glad that the recipes turn out so well!

Reply

  12. Emily

October 13, 2016 at 10:53 am

  
I love Chilli paneer and chilli corn. This made for an amazing dinner! More
Indian chinese recipes please!

Reply

    * Richa

October 13, 2016 at 7:43 pm

Awesome!

Reply

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi, I'm Richa!** I create flavorful plant based recipes that are inspired by
my Indian upbringing, including many gluten-free, soy-free, and oil-free
options.

More about me ‚Üí

Amazon // Barnes & Noble // BAM! // Chapter Indigo // International

My exclusive 16 Spice Set

Amazon // Barnes & Noble // BAM! // Chapter Indigo // International

## FOLLOW US

  * Bloglovin
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

**Amazon|| Barnes & Noble || BAM! || IndieBound || Details & International **

### Popular

  * Best Easy Vegan Recipes of 2021

  * Restaurant Style Aloo Gobi

  * Vegan Mac and Cheese Powder - Cheese Mix Recipe

  * Creamy Sun Dried Tomato Pasta with Garlic Soy curls

**Amazon || Barnes & Noble || BAM! || Indigo || Book Depository**

## Footer

‚Üë back to top

### About

  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms Of Use
  * Copyright and Disclaimers

### Resources

  * Indian dals/lentils names
  * Indian pantry
  * Our vegan journey
  * Vegan Substitutes

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates

  *   *   *   * 

### Contact

  * Recipe Index
  * My Favorite Things
  * Advertise, Work With Me

### Cookbooks

  * Vegan Richa‚Äôs Indian kitchen cookbook
  * Vegan Richa‚Äôs Everyday kitchen cookbook 
  * Vegan Richa‚Äôs Instant Pot Book

All content on this blog is owned by Vegan Richa LLC.  Links on some posts are
affiliate links for e.g. we are participant in Amazon services LLC Associates
program. Vegan Richa is monetized in part through the use of such affiliate
links. More Details

Copyright ¬© 2021 **Vegan Richa**

