https://asianfoodnetwork.com/en/recipes/ingredients/seafood/basil-prawn.html


###### Follow us!

  * ###### Follow us!

  * ###### Follow us!

  * 

Global

  * Global 
  * Indonesia 
  * Malaysia 
  * Thailand 
  * Vietnam 
  * Philippines 

Sign Up

Log In

My Account

My Bookmarks

Log Out

  * Cook

###### Cuisine

    * Chinese
    * Malaysian
    * Thai
    * Filipino
    * Asian Desserts 
    * All Cuisine

###### Ingredients

    * Chicken
    * Fish
    * Seafood
    * Beef And Lamb
    * Salted Egg
    * All Ingredients

###### Special Diets

    * Healthy
    * Halal
    * Keto
    * Gluten Free
    * All Special Diets

All Recipes

  * How-To
  * Articles
  * Food Guide

    * All
    * Singapore
    * Malaysia
    * Thailand
    * Indonesia
    * Philippines

  * AFN's Foodies
  * Videos

###### Series

    * Gok Wan's Easy Asian
    * Inspired with Anna Olson
    * Jason's Kopitiam Trails
    * Destination Flavour Japan
    * Travel For Love
    * Series

All

  * Shop

    * Shop
    * Kitchen Essentials
    * Food Delivery

  * Get Inspired, Explore Now!

Welcome to AFN! Help us improve your experience by answering a few questions.

Start now

Menu

Cook

Cook

Cuisine

Cuisine

Chinese

Malaysian

Thai

Filipino

Asian Desserts

All Cuisine

Ingredients

Ingredients

Chicken

Fish

Seafood

Beef And Lamb

Salted Egg

All Ingredients

Special Diets

Special Diets

Healthy

Halal

Keto

Gluten Free

All Special Diets

All Recipes

How-To

Articles

Food Guide

Food Guide

Singapore

Malaysia

Thailand

Indonesia

Philippines

AFN's Foodies

Videos

Videos

Series

Series

Gok Wan's Easy Asian

Inspired with Anna Olson

Jason's Kopitiam Trails

Destination Flavour Japan

Travel For Love

Series

All

Shop

Shop

Kitchen Essentials

Food Delivery

Get Inspired, Explore Now!

  *   *   * 

© 2022 Discovery Networks International. All rights reserved.

Privacy Settings

Account & Settings

Profile

Sign Up

Log In

width="24" height="24" My Account

My Bookmarks

Global

Global  Indonesia  Malaysia  Thailand  Vietnam  Philippines

Log Out

  1. ...
  2. Home
  3. Cook
  4. Ingredients
  5. Seafood
  6. **Basil Prawn** __

  * Home
  * __ Cook
  * __ Ingredients
  * __ Seafood
  * __**Basil Prawn**

### Ingredients

  * **Serves 2 people**
  * 8 prawns _(trimmed and deveined)_

  * 1 pc 4 cm ginger _(peeled and sliced)_

  * 4 cloves garlic _(peeled and sliced)_

  * 1 red chili _(sliced)_

  * 1 cup basil leaves

  * 1 tbsp soy sauce

  * 1 tsp dark soy sauce

  * 2 tsp sugar

  * 1 tsp sesame oil

  * 2 tsp cornstarch _(dissolved in 1 tbsp water) - optional_

  * 2 tbsp vegetable oil

  * 4 tbsp water

Log in to watch this premium content and more!

Log in to watch

Don’t have an account yet?  
Sign up with us now!

Recipe Courtesy of  
**Asian Food Network**

## Basil Prawn

{{totalReview}}

A quick and easy stir-fry with fresh prawns sure to spice up your dining
table!

Save Recipe Saved!

No Alcohol

No Milk

No Nuts

No Pork

No Alcohol

No Milk

No Nuts

No Pork

  * Difficulty:  Easy

  * Preparation:  10 min
  * Cook:  15 min
  * Clean up:  10 min

  * Steps:  3 steps
  * 12 Ingredients

  * Difficulty:  **Easy**
  * Steps:  3 steps
  * 12 Ingredients

  * Preparation:  **10 min**
  * Cook:  **15 min**
  * Clean up:  **10 min**

Share This Recipe:

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

Save Recipe Saved!

Share This Recipe:

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

  

# Basil Prawn

## A Simple Stir-Fry for All Home Cooks

If there is one cooking method that _everyone_ \- and we mean everyone (even
newbies!) - can succeed in, it is stir-fry.

This Chinese cooking technique originated in China but it has since spread
into all four corners of the world. It was first recorded in the Ming Dynasty
(1368-1664) as a handy cooking method. Stir-fry is versatile, easy and also
makes a dish taste absolutely delectable. One could easily find stir-fry
dishes in almost every restaurant in Asia.

Stir-fried dishes are great as last-minute dinner solutions. One could stir-
fry anything from meat, Asian vegetables or even carbohydrates in a wok with
some oil. It is also extremely convenient as one could easily cook all the
ingredients in one wok.

If you are in the mood for a hearty meal that you can whip up in less than 30
minutes, this stir-fried Basil Prawn recipe is a must-try! It is packed with
bold sweet, salty and spicy flavors.

One could even customize the dish to one's taste. For instance, if you are not
a fan of spicy food, you could reduce the number of chilis or forgo them
entirely. But if you adore spicy flavors, feel free to add more chilis!

Not to mention that this dish is sure to leave you feeling full and satisfied.
Prawns are rich in protein, selenium and zinc - which are important to support
your immune system, build strong bones and keep you feeling content all day
long.

Whether you are preparing for a dinner party, an intimate meal with your
companion, or just a home-cooked meal for yourself in the comfort of your own
kitchen, this tasty Basil Prawn dish is sure to spice up your dining table.

## Frequently Asked Questions about Basil Prawn

### Stir-fry vs Pan-fry: What is the difference?  

Stir-fry is done in a wok, while pan-fried dishes are cooked in a frying pan.

A pan-fry takes place at a little lower heat than stir-fry so that the one
does not overcook the exterior of the food before the interior gets cooked.

On the other hand, stir-fry also requires high heat and very little oil. Since
one would be stirring the ingredients in the wok, one could play around with
high heat to get more char on the ingredients for that _wok-hei_ flavor.

### Is Basil Prawn healthy?

While frying is regarded generally as an unhealthy cooking method because it
relies on using heaps of oil, one could reduce the amount of oil used when
stir-frying. To make the dish healthier, one could use vegetable oil or cut
back on sugar and salt and replace them with condiments that have little
calories.

If you want more flavor but you are watching your salt and sugar intake, you
could also marinate the prawns ahead of time. Let them marinate for at least
30 minutes in the fridge.

### What cooking utensils are used for stir-fry?

First and foremost, you would need a wok. It is essential to Chinese cooking
and imparts a unique _wok-hei_ flavor to your dishes. It has a larger surface
area and retains heat.

Avoid metal spatulas and opt for wooden ones - you would not want to risk
scratching the base of your wok.

### Can stir-fried dishes be refrigerated and reheated in the microwave?

Most stir-fried dishes can be reheated in a wok, a pan and a microwave.
However, dishes with rice noodles like _Wat Tan Hor Fun_ might get soggy if
they are reheated.

## Tips to Nail Your Stir-fry Basil Prawn

  1. **Prepare all the ingredients ahead:** once the fire starts, you have little time to waste. Have all your ingredients sliced and marinated ahead of time and keep them near your cooking station.
  2. **Cook aromatics at low heat:** aromatics like garlic and onion burn quickly, so make sure you cook these at low heat to avoid tainting the flavor of your dish.
  3. **Stir often (but not all the time):** to ensure everything is cooked evenly, stir your ingredients in and out of the centre of the pan. But avoid stirring constantly as you would want the ingredients to get cooked quickly.
  4. **Maximize the surface area of your ingredients:** the greater the surface area, the more contact it will have with the heat, and therefore the more flavorful they will be.
  5. **Devein the prawn ahead of time:** as mentioned earlier, you probably would not have much time to perform any prep once the fire starts. Slice the outer-edge of the prawn gently with a knife to remove the intestinal tract.
  6. **Keep the shells on for more flavor:** if you don’t want to get your hands dirty while eating, you could remove the shells. Otherwise, leave them intact as they will give your dish more flavor.
  7. **Control the flame to avoid overcooking the prawns:** overcooked prawns can feel tough and taste bitter. To avoid overcooking them (especially if it is your first time stir-frying), use a smaller flame in between adding ingredients
  8. **Add more basil:** if you want more greens in your dish, feel free to add more basil leaves. Bear in mind that basil has a unique flavor on its own, so be sure to adjust the amount of sauces you add accordingly.

### Instructions

  1. ### Fry spices

    * In a pan on high heat, heat up 2 tbsp vegetable oil. Once the oil is hot, stir-fry garlic, ginger and chili together until fragrant.
    * Add prawns and stir fry for 5 minutes, until the prawns turn red.
    * Lower the flame if you are afraid of overcooking the prawns 

| _You can de-shell the prawns for this dish if you would rather have a
hassle-free eating experience, but cooking with the heads and shells on will
give the dish more depth of flavor_

  

* * *

  2. ### Season prawns

    * Add 1 tbsp soy sauce, 1 tsp dark soy sauce, 2 tsp sugar, 4 tbsp water and 1 tsp sesame oil. Mix well.

  

* * *

  3. ### Add in basil

    * If you prefer a thicker sauce, add in cornstarch mixture to thicken it, otherwise you can leave it on low heat to reduce further. Stir in basil leaves and serve.

  

* * *

### Plate and Serve!

Transfer to a serving plate or dish and serve hot. This dish is best enjoyed
with plain rice.

##### Prev Recipe

Best Clam Dish Recipe | How To Make Malaysian Golden Fragrance Clams

##### Next Recipe

4 Easy Ways to Prepare Steamed Eggs with Prawns

Categories:

  * Recipe

  * Under 30 mins

  * Easy

Discover food-spirational recipes with our new explore feed!

Check it out

#  Reviews

{{formErrorMessage}}

Overall Rating

Post

Show more reviews

Ingredients

Share

Ingredients

  * **Serves 2 people**
  * 8 prawns _(trimmed and deveined)_

  * 1 pc 4 cm ginger _(peeled and sliced)_

  * 4 cloves garlic _(peeled and sliced)_

  * 1 red chili _(sliced)_

  * 1 cup basil leaves

  * 1 tbsp soy sauce

  * 1 tsp dark soy sauce

  * 2 tsp sugar

  * 1 tsp sesame oil

  * 2 tsp cornstarch _(dissolved in 1 tbsp water) - optional_

  * 2 tbsp vegetable oil

  * 4 tbsp water

Nutrition

Share Recipe

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Pinterest
  * Whatsapp
  * Email
  * Copy Link

Close

Copied to clipboard

By clicking "Accept", you agree to our use of cookies and similar
technologies.

Read Cookie Policy

Accept

  * About
  * Contact Us
  * Cookie Policy
  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms and Conditions

  *   *   * 

Privacy Settings

(C) 2022 Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. or its subsidiaries and affiliates. All
rights reserved.

Privacy Settings

Come join one of the largest Asian food communities in the world

Laksa

Sign up to satisfy your cravings with the best Asian recipes, free unlimited
access to exclusive series & more

Start enjoying the best AFN experience by logging into your account!

or

Already have an account? Log in now! Don't have an account? Sign up now!

