https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/chilli-prawn-basil-pasta/5a2abae5-a01c-4ed0-922c-1eedfba19d09


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Chilli prawn and basil pasta

  * _20m_ prep
  * _15m_ cook
  * _4_ servings 

13

Save Recipe

748 people saved this

14 people made this

This prawn and pasta meal can be whipped up in just over half an hour.

C

Claire Brookman

552 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain gluten, wheat and crustacean.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 11 Ingredients 
  * 4 Method Steps 

#### 11 Ingredients

  * 20 (1kg) green medium king prawns

  * 375g linguine 

  * 2 tbsp extra virgin olive oil 

  * 1 small red onion, halved, thinly sliced 

  * 2 garlic cloves, crushed 

  * 1/2 tsp dried chilli flakes 

  * 400g can Italian cherry tomatoes in tomato juice 

  * 1/2 cup Massel salt reduced chicken style liquid stock 

  * 1 tsp caster sugar 

  * 1/4 cup shredded fresh basil leaves 

  * Fresh basil leaves, to serve 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 4 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Peel and de-vein prawns  (20 (1kg) green medium king prawns), leaving tails
intact.

  * Step 2

Cook pasta  (375g linguine) in a large saucepan of boiling salted water,
following packet directions until tender. Drain.

  * Step 3

Meanwhile, heat oil  (2 tbsp extra virgin olive oil) in a large, deep frying
pan over medium heat. Add onion  (1 small red onion, halved, thinly sliced).
Cook, stirring, for 3 to 4 minutes or until onion has softened. Add garlic  (2
garlic cloves, crushed) and chilli  (1/2 tsp dried chilli flakes). Cook for 1
minute or until fragrant. Add tomatoes  (400g can Italian cherry tomatoes in
tomato juice), stock  (1/2 cup Massel salt reduced chicken style liquid stock)
and sugar  (1 tsp caster sugar). Bring to a simmer. Simmer for 5 minutes. Add
prawns. Simmer for 5 minutes or until prawns are cooked through and tomato
mixture has thickened slightly. Stir in basil  (1/4 cup shredded fresh basil
leaves).

  * Step 4

Add pasta to tomato mixture. Season with salt and pepper. Toss to combine.
Serve sprinkled with basil leaves  (Fresh basil leaves, to serve).

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

14 people made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

748 people saved this

### Recipe Notes

**Add greens:** Add chopped asparagus to pasta for the last three minutes of
cooking time.

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by Craig Wall & Andrew Young

##  Popular on Taste

  1. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

  2. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

  3. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

  4. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  5. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  6. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

  7. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  8. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

