https://www.supercook.com/recipes/en/dinner-recipes-with-bell-pepper-and-canola-oil-and-cornstarch-and-sesame-oil/


SuperCook

English __

العربية  български  čeština  Deutsch  español  ελληνικά  English  suomi
français  Italiano  עברית  日本語  Nederlands  polski  Português  română  русский
srpski  svenska  Türkçe  中文

main dish

bell pepper

canola oil

cornstarch

sesame oil

soy sauce

garlic

ginger root

chicken breast

rice wine vinegar

scallion

onion

brown sugar

sugar

carrot

chicken broth

broccoli

oyster sauce

sesame seed

chilli flake

beef steak

hoisin sauce

egg

mushroom

ketchup

shiitake mushroom

chicken stock

bok choy

spaghetti

rice

chili-garlic sauce

cabbage

snow peas

honey

sherry

water chestnut

shrimp

chicken thighs

peanut

noodle

bean sprouts

white wine

zucchini

sriracha

chili pepper

fish sauce

sambal oelek

cashew

dark soy sauce

celery

red onion

balsamic vinegar

snap peas

white pepper

vinegar

canned pineapple

vegetable broth

rice noodles

pineapple

beef broth

peanut butter

flour

lemon

red wine vinegar

ginger powder

shaoxing wine

dinner recipes with bell pepper, canola oil, cornstarch & sesame oil

56 recipes

Page 1

Chicken With Tri-Colored Peppers

cdkitchen.com

Ingredients: sesame oil, cornstarch, bell pepper, canola oil, chicken broth,
chicken breast, soy sauce, white wine, onion, garlic

Sichuan-Style Shrimp

recipeland.com

Ingredients: sesame oil, cornstarch, bell pepper, canola oil, chicken broth,
shrimp, soy sauce, balsamic vinegar, ginger root, tomato paste, sugar, garlic

Hunan Chicken

delish.com

Ingredients: sesame oil, cornstarch, bell pepper, canola oil, sambal oelek,
chicken thighs, soy sauce, rice, ginger root, broccoli, sherry, chili pepper

Sweet & Sour Pork

myrecipemagic.com

Ingredients: sesame oil, cornstarch, bell pepper, canola oil, pork fillet,
flour, egg, carrot, onion, garlic, water chestnut, pineapple

Black Pepper Chicken

kawalingpinoy.com

Ingredients: sesame oil, cornstarch, bell pepper, canola oil, chicken thighs,
oyster sauce, egg, soy sauce, shaoxing wine, honey, onion, garlic

Hunan Chicken

recipesrun.com

Ingredients: sesame oil, cornstarch, bell pepper, canola oil, sambal oelek,
chicken thighs, soy sauce, rice, ginger root, broccoli, sherry, chili pepper

Shrimp Lo Mein

themom100.com

Ingredients: sesame oil, cornstarch, bell pepper, canola oil, shrimp,
spaghetti, soy sauce, broccoli, carrot, sugar, garlic, vegetable broth

Mushroom and Chicken Hot Pot

marthastewart.com

Ingredients: sesame oil, cornstarch, bell pepper, canola oil, chicken broth,
chicken breast, soy sauce, bok choy, rice wine vinegar, shiitake mushroom,
chilli flake, garlic

Stir-Fried Chicken and Vegetable Lo Mein

melskitchencafe.com

Ingredients: sesame oil, cornstarch, bell pepper, canola oil, chicken broth,
chicken breast, spaghetti, soy sauce, sesame seed, brown sugar, rice wine
vinegar, broccoli, garlic

Chicken Stir-Fry with Mushrooms

parents.com

Ingredients: sesame oil, cornstarch, bell pepper, canola oil, chicken broth,
chicken breast, teriyaki sauce, bok choy, rice wine vinegar, shiitake
mushroom, chilli flake, soba noodles, sugar

Tofu Stir-Fry

marthastewart.com

Ingredients: sesame oil, cornstarch, bell pepper, canola oil, soy sauce,
mushroom, bok choy, ginger root, rice wine vinegar, snow peas, tofu, onion,
lime

Midwest Pepper Steak Recipe

culinaryhill.com

Ingredients: sesame oil, cornstarch, bell pepper, canola oil, beef steak, soy
sauce, brown sugar, ginger root, red wine vinegar, honey, onion, potato,
garlic

Thai Style Chicken with Green Beans, Broccolli, and Peppers

katiescucina.com

Ingredients: sesame oil, cornstarch, bell pepper, canola oil, chicken broth,
chicken breast, soy sauce, lemon, brown sugar, broccoli, green beans, coconut
milk, garlic

Stir-Fried Chicken and Vegetable Lo Mein

melskitchencafe.com

Ingredients: sesame oil, cornstarch, bell pepper, canola oil, chicken broth,
chicken breast, spaghetti, soy sauce, sesame seed, brown sugar, rice wine
vinegar, broccoli, garlic

Pepper Steak Stir Fry

diethood.com

Ingredients: sesame oil, cornstarch, bell pepper, canola oil, beef steak, beef
broth, soy sauce, rice wine vinegar, ginger powder, onion, sugar, garlic,
scallion

Sweet and Sour Chicken Stir Fry

soscuisine.be

Ingredients: sesame oil, cornstarch, bell pepper, canola oil, chicken breast,
oyster sauce, soy sauce, sweet pepper, vinegar, onion, sugar, scallion, chili
pepper

Crispy Ginger Beef

allrecipes.com

Ingredients: sesame oil, cornstarch, bell pepper, canola oil, beef steak, egg,
soy sauce, ginger root, rice wine vinegar, carrot, chilli flake, sugar,
garlic, scallion

Gluten-Free Sweet and Sour Chicken

glutenfreepalate.com

Ingredients: sesame oil, cornstarch, bell pepper, canola oil, chicken breast,
soy sauce, ketchup, ginger root, vinegar, sherry, gluten-free flour, canned
pineapple, onion, sugar

Baked Kung Pao Chicken

letsdishrecipes.com

Ingredients: sesame oil, cornstarch, bell pepper, canola oil, chicken breast,
peanut, egg, soy sauce, brown sugar, rice wine vinegar, sriracha, jalapeno,
garlic, scallion

Gluten-Free Sweet and Sour Chicken

glutenfreepalate.com

Ingredients: sesame oil, cornstarch, bell pepper, canola oil, chicken breast,
soy sauce, ketchup, ginger root, vinegar, sherry, gluten-free flour, canned
pineapple, onion, sugar

Next page

main dish

bell pepper

canola oil

cornstarch

sesame oil

soy sauce

garlic

ginger root

chicken breast

rice wine vinegar

scallion

onion

brown sugar

sugar

carrot

