https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hot_pot


# Hot pot

From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

Jump to navigation Jump to search

Chinese, Taiwanese, and Southeast Asian varieties of stew

This article is about Chinese varieties of stew. For other uses, see Hot pot
(disambiguation).

|

This article **needs additional citations forverification**. Please help
improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced
material may be challenged and removed.  
 _Find sources:_ "Hot pot" – news **·** newspapers **·** books **·** scholar
**·** JSTOR _( December 2012)_ _(Learn how and when to remove this template
message)_  
  
---|---  
Hot pot

A common hotpot setup: raw foods ready to be cooked, with hot broth at the
center of the tables of food  
  
---  
Course| Main dishes  
Place of origin| China  
Region or state| East Asia  
Main ingredients| Meat, vegetables, mushrooms, dumplings, seafood, broth  
  
  * Media: Hot pot

  
  
Hot pot  
---  
Traditional Chinese| 火鍋  
Simplified Chinese| 火锅  
Literal meaning| "fire pot"  
| Transcriptions  
---  
Standard Mandarin  
Hanyu Pinyin| huǒguō  
IPA| [xwò.kwó]  
Wu  
Shanghainese  
Romanization| Huhku (hu33ku44)  
Southern Min  
Hokkien POJ| Hué-ko  
Cantonese name  
Traditional Chinese| 打邊爐 or 打甂爐  
Simplified Chinese| 打边炉 or 打甂炉  
| Transcriptions  
---  
Yue: Cantonese  
Yale Romanization| Dá-bīn-lòuh  
Jyutping| Daa2-bin1-lou4  
  
**Hot pot** or **hotpot** (simplified Chinese: 火锅; traditional Chinese: 火鍋;
pinyin: _huǒguō_ ; lit. 'fire pot'), also known as **soup-food** or
**steamboat** , is a cooking method that originated in China. A heat source on
the dining table keeps a pot of soup stock simmering, and a variety of Chinese
foodstuffs and ingredients are served beside the pot for the diners to put
into the hot stock.

## Contents

  * 1 Description
  * 2 History
  * 3 Common ingredients
  * 4 Regional variations
    * 4.1 Greater China
      * 4.1.1 Mainland China
        * 4.1.1.1 Southern styles
        * 4.1.1.2 Northern styles
      * 4.1.2 Taiwan
      * 4.1.3 Japan
    * 4.2 Southeast Asia
      * 4.2.1 Cambodia
      * 4.2.2 Philippines
      * 4.2.3 Thailand
      * 4.2.4 Vietnam
    * 4.3 Europe
      * 4.3.1 Switzerland
  * 5 Similar dishes
  * 6 See also
  * 7 References
  * 8 Further reading
  * 9 External links

## Description[edit]

Hot pot is a flavorful broth traditionally served inside a large metal pot.
The broth is brought to a boil and left simmering for the duration of the
meal. Raw ingredients, such as meat and vegetables, are placed into the
simmering broth and thus cooked. The cooked pieces are dipped into dipping
sauces for additional flavor. Hot pot is considered a main course and is
usually served without rice or noodles on the side. Hot pots can be prepared
and eaten at home or in a restaurant.

Typical hot pot ingredients include thinly sliced meat, leaf vegetables,
mushrooms, vermicelli, sliced potatoes, bean products, egg dumplings, tofu,
and seafood. Raw ingredients are pre-sliced into thin sections that will cook
quickly and consistently in the simmering broth, which is maintained at a
gentle boiling temperature. Most raw foods can be cooked in a hot pot,
although they may have different cooking times, and must be immersed in the
soup and then removed accordingly.

Hot pot with two flavors

At the conclusion of the meal, the broth has acquired many flavors from the
added ingredients, and may be served to the diners after turning off the
cooking heat source.

## History[edit]

The tripods of Zhou dynasty may be the earliest prototypes of the hot pot.
Diners among the nobility each had a personal pot made of bronze, and called
_ran lu_ (燃炉/燃爐). The main part of _ran lu_ was a small stove with a small pot
above burning charcoal. Later, a hot pot made with copper was created during
the "Three Kingdoms period" (200–280 AD), which is generally acknowledged as
the origin of the hot pot. During the Qing dynasty, hot pot became popular
among the emperors. In particular, the Qianlong Emperor was very fond of hot
pot and would eat it for almost every meal. Later, the Jiaqing Emperor also
had a banquet with 1,550 hot pots at his coronation. Empress Dowager Cixi was
also known to have enjoyed hot pot, especially in the winter months.

Since the 1990s, as the number of Chinese immigrants entering the United
States has grown significantly, Chinese food has also spread to the United
States, and hot pot has also moved to the forefront of the global culinary
scene.[1]

## Common ingredients[edit]

  * Basic stock is often made using: 
    * Water
    * Salt
    * Spices
  * Meats and protein vary, and can include: 
    * Thinly sliced lamb, goat, beef, sometimes pork, chicken or other poultry
    * Whole or Sliced Fish
    * Prawns
    * Clams and other Bivalves
    * Beef balls
    * Fish balls
    * Shrimp balls and paste
    * Offal, especially beef tripes
    * Blood tofu
    * Crab
    * Lobster
    * Crawfish
    * Squids and other Inkfish
    * Sea cucumber
    * Tofu, Tofu skin, Fu zhu, Japanese style fish tofu, frozen tofu or fried tofu
    * Egg dumplings (蛋饺)
    * Fish cakes
    * Mantis shrimp
    * Quail eggs
    * Chicken feet
    * Ribs
  * Starches include: 
    * Glass noodle
    * Chinese noodles
    * Udon
    * Niangao
  * Vegetables such as: 
    * Bok choy
    * Napa cabbage
    * Crown daisy
    * Spinach
    * Lettuce
    * Carrots
    * Winter melon
    * Bean sprouts
    * Daikon
    * Potatoes and sweet potatoes
    * Varieties of mushrooms, such as straw mushrooms, enoki (金针菇), Shiitake (香菇), oyster mushrooms, etc.
    * Taro
    * Pumpkin
    * Watercress
    * Haidai (Seaweed)
    * Cilantro
  * Condiments: 
    * Sesame butter
    * Hoisin sauce
    * Soy sauce
    * Vinegar (white or black)
    * Cilantro
    * Minced Garlic
    * Scallion
    * Sesame oil
    * Shacha sauce
    * Chili oil
    * Chive flower paste (韭菜花酱)
    * Fermented bean curd (腐乳)
    * White pepper
    * XO sauce
    * Douchi
    * Minced Ginger
    * Chopped Peanut

## Regional variations[edit]

### Greater China[edit]

#### Mainland China[edit]

Instant-boiled mutton in Beijing

Chongqing hot pot

Chinese hot pots are often divided into "Southern style" and "Northern style",
paralleling the cultural regions of China. Although there are wide regional
variations, in general, Southern styles tend to have spicy broths, complex
dipping sauces and are heavier on seafood, vegetables and mushrooms, while
Northern styles are simpler and focus more on the meat, particularly
mutton,.[2]

Modern eateries offer a partitioned pot with differently-flavored broths in
each section. More traditional or older establishments often serve a fragrant,
mild broth in a large brass vessel heated by burning coals in a central
chimney. The broth is simmered in a deep, donut-shaped bowl surrounding the
chimney.

##### Southern styles[edit]

One of the most famous Southern variations is the Chongqing hot pot (Chinese:
重庆火锅), which uses _mala_ seasoning flavored with chilli peppers and Sichuan
pepper for a spicy and numbing flavor. Chongqing hotpots often feature a wide
variety of different meats and ingredients, and offer many sauces and
condiments to flavor the meat. The typical dipping sauce contains sesame oil
and is mixed with crushed fresh garlic and chopped spring onions. Due to the
high humidity in the region, local people eat spicy food to remove the
moisture from their bodies.[3]

Sichuan also has a number of "dry" hot pots such as mala xiangguo (Chinese:
麻辣香锅), which are similar to _mala_ hot pot in ingredients and seasoning, but
stir-fry them instead of cooking in broth.[4]

In neighbouring Yunnan, although spicy broths are equally popular, there is
another predominant type of hot pot that is made with various wild or farmed
mushrooms. It is called the Wild Mushroom hot pot (Chinese: 野生菌火锅). Due to the
vast forests and abundant natural resources in Yunnan, people can find a wide
variety of edible mushrooms. The easily accessible and fresh mushroom
resources lead to the high popularity of the Wild Mushroom hot pot. The big
difference between the mushroom hot pot and the spicy hot pot is that the
former omits strong spice and chili, and the latter preserves the original
flavor of the mushrooms. The mushroom hot pot is also seasonal, depending on
the availability of local mushrooms.

A Cantonese variation includes mixing a raw egg with the condiments to reduce
the amount of "heat" absorbed by the food, thereby reducing the likelihood of
a sore throat after the steamboat meal, according to Chinese herbalist
theories.

In Hainan cuisine hot pot is generally served in small woks with a prepared
broth containing pieces of meat. At the time of serving, the meat is not fully
cooked, and approximately fifteen minutes are required before it is ready to
eat. Items supplied to be cooked in this type of hot pot include mushrooms,
thinly-shaved beef or goat meat, lettuce, and other green vegetables. This
dish varies somewhat in different parts of the province. Coconut milk and
juice is commonly added into the hot pot.

In Jiangsu and Zhejiang cuisine, chrysanthemum flowers are cooked in the broth
to give it a floral essence.

##### Northern styles[edit]

Instant-boiled mutton (Chinese: 涮羊肉; pinyin: _Shuàn Yángròu_ ) could be viewed
as representative of "northern style hot pot", which focus on the main
ingredients rather than the soup base. Water is used as the main ingredient of
the hotpot instead of the flavored broth.

The Manchu hot pot (Chinese: 東北酸菜火鍋) uses plenty of _suan cai_ (Chinese
sauerkraut) (Chinese: 酸菜; pinyin: _suān cài_ ) to make the broth sour.

In Hubei cuisine, hot pot is normally prepared with hot spices and Sichuan
pepper. Items supplied to be cooked in this broth include mushrooms, thinly-
shaved beef or lamb, lettuce, and various other green vegetables.

#### Taiwan[edit]

In Taiwanese cuisine, it is very common to eat the food with a dipping sauce
consisting of shacha sauce and raw egg yolk.[ _citation needed_ ]

#### Japan[edit]

Japanese Hot pot is known as Nabemono in Japanese. Various Ingredients are
cooked in a soup with dashi, soy sauce, and mirin and are seasoned with chill
powder, yuzu zest and spring onions. Every region of the country has its style
of hot pot with its regional ingredients. But as a base, all Japanese hot pots
have meats and other proteins, vegetables, mushrooms, noodles and some other
ingredients such as eggs and tofu.

### Southeast Asia[edit]

#### Cambodia[edit]

In Cambodian cuisine, hot pot is called _yao hon_ (យ៉ាវហន), though some
regions call it _chhnang pleurng_ (ឆ្នាំងភ្លើង), which literally translates to
"pot fire". It is usually eaten during celebrations or family gatherings. Just
like the Chinese version, Cambodian hot pot consist of similar ingredients
although the dish differs in that coconut milk is used as the base of the
soup. Another variation of the dish is called "buttered yao hon" or "buttered
chhnang pleurng"; the same ingredients are used but are instead cooked on a
flat grill pan where butter is used as the base (this is similar to Korean
barbecue). An herb sauce is usually added to "buttered yao hon", since the
ingredients are not flavored by immersion in a broth.[5]

#### Philippines[edit]

In Philippine cuisine, hotpot is commonly served by Chinese specialty
restaurants, and in some all-you-can-eat buffets. The terms _shabu-shabu_ and
"hotpot" are also used interchangeably for this style of food preparation.[6]
In Cebu City, a specialty restaurant offers a "hot pot" that is literally a
huge ceramic pot filled with cooked rice, choice of beef, pork, or chicken
slices, special sauce, and choice vegetables such as broccoli, carrot,
shallot, ginger, pechay, kangkong leaves, spices, and some slices of hard-
boiled eggs on top; it is more similar to _kamameshi_ than the namesake.[
_citation needed_ ]

#### Thailand[edit]

Thai suki, Thai hot pot preparation

In Thai cuisine, hotpot is called _Thai suki_ , although it is quite different
from the Japanese _shabu-shabu_ variation called _sukiyaki_. Originally a
Chinese-style hot pot, the number of ingredients to choose from was greatly
increased and a Thai-style dipping sauce with chili sauce, chilli, lime, and
coriander leaves was added. Another variation is _mu kratha_ , the Thai hot
pot which originated from Korean barbecue combined with _Thai suki_. In the
Northeast region, a similar style of cooking called chim chum where thinly
sliced meat is cooked in clay pots on charcoal stove is also popular. Tom Yum
is a common soup base for Thai hot pot.

#### Vietnam[edit]

Soup set in Vietnam, hot pot style

In Vietnamese cuisine, a hot pot is called _lẩu_ or _cù lao_. There are many
styles of lẩu ranging from seafood _lẩu hải sản_ , canh chua soup-base ( _lẩu
canh chua_ ) or salted fish hot pot ( _lẩu mắm_ ).

### Europe[edit]

#### Switzerland[edit]

In Swiss cuisine, a variation of the traditional Chinese hot pot locally
called _fondue chinoise_ (lit. "Chinese fondue") is a popular Christmas meal.
Various types of meat, fish and vegetables are boiled in a shared pot of
broth. Various sauces and pickled condiments are provided on the side. After
all the diners have finished cooking, they eat the now well-flavored broth
often combined with thin noodles.[7]

## Similar dishes[edit]

A hot pot restaurant in Johor, Malaysia

  * Instant-boiled mutton
  * _Jeongol_ \- Korea 
    * _Sinseollo_
  * _Nabemono_ \- Japan 
    * _Shabu-shabu_
    * _Sukiyaki_
    * _Oden_
    * _Chankonabe_
  * _Yao Hon_ (យ៉ាវហន) or _Chhnang Pleurng_ (ឆ្នាំងភ្លើង) - Cambodia 
    * Buttered _Chhnang Pleurng_
  * _Thai suki_
  * _Mu kratha_ – also called "Thai hot pot" or _mookata_
  * Clay pot cooking – referred to as "hot pot" or "hotpot" on Chinese restaurant menus in English-speaking regions
  * Lancashire hotpot – a dish referred to as "hot pot" (or "hotpot") in Britain
  * Stew – may include similar ingredients but is not necessarily cooked the same way
  * _Yong tau foo_
  * _Fondue Bourguignonne_ and _Fondue chinoise_

## See also[edit]

  * Food portal
  * China portal

  * Buffet
  * Fondue
  * List of Chinese dishes
  * List of stews

## References[edit]

  1. **^** McDougall, James I. (2021-01-02). "Globalization of Sichuan hot pot in the "new era"". _Asian Anthropology_. **20** (1): 77–92. doi:10.1080/1683478X.2020.1779970. ISSN 1683-478X.
  2. **^** "How hotpot's history boiled over into a national controversy". 15 September 2018.
  3. **^** "The Significant Visual Symbols Design, Logo Design Study of Chong Qing Hot Pot Brand"
  4. **^** "The farm boy who became owner of one of Singapore's largest mala xiang guo chains".
  5. **^** Srey, Kim. "Mami-Eggroll: "Yow Hon" for Two". _mami-eggroll.com_.
  6. **^** "Make your own sauces for your hot pot indulgence". 2015-09-23.
  7. **^** "Fleischfondue richtig genießen : so isst man richtig das Fleischfondue". _Blick.ch_. 22 December 2017.

## Further reading[edit]

  * Klein, E.F.; Graves, S.A. (February 1974). "'Hot Pot' Tracheitis". _Chest_. **65** (2): 225–226. doi:10.1378/chest.65.2.225. PMID 4521026.
  * Guo, Qiaozhen; Zhang, Jing; Zhao, Shan; Shao, Bing (26 July 2012). "Determination of Five Alkaloids of Pericarpium Papaveris in Hot Pot Broth Using Ultra-Performance Liquid Chromatography Coupled to Triple Quadruple Mass Spectrometry". _Food Analytical Methods_. **6** (2): 698–704. doi:10.1007/s12161-012-9479-2. S2CID 98483241.
  * Newman, Jacqueline M. (May 2009). "China's Dongbei Cuisine". _Gastronomica_. **9** (2): 82–86. doi:10.1525/gfc.2009.9.2.82.
  * Oum, Young Rae (23 January 2007). "Authenticity and representation: cuisines and identities in Korean-American diaspora". _Postcolonial Studies_. **8** (1): 109–125. doi:10.1080/13688790500134380. S2CID 145365993.
  * Slack, Susan Fuller (2001). "Chinese Hot Pots". _Fondues and Hot Pots_. Penguin. pp. 71–88. ISBN 978-1-55788-369-8.
  * Kimoto-Kahn, Amy (2019). "Anatomy of a Hot Pot". _Simply Hot Pots: A Complete Course in Japanese Nabemono and Other Asian One-Pot Meals_. Race Point Publishing. pp. 19–23. ISBN 978-1-63106-567-5.

## External links[edit]

  * Media related to Huoguo at Wikimedia Commons
  * Media related to Nabemono (Japan) at Wikimedia Commons
  * Media related to Thai Hot Pot(Thailand) at Wikimedia Commons
  * A blog related to Chinese Hot pot at G Adventures
  * An article related to Hot pot at WikiHow

  * v
  * t
  * e

Cantonese cuisine  
  
---  
Main dishes|

  * Bao yu
  * Bird's nest soup
  * Buddha's delight
  * Cantonese seafood soup
  * Chinese steamed eggs
  * Congee
  * Crispy fried chicken
  * Dragon tiger phoenix
  * Egg foo young
  * Eight treasure duck
  * Hot pot
  * Lemon chicken
  * Pork knuckles and ginger stew
  * Seafood birdsnest
  * Shark fin soup
  * Snake bite chicken
  * Soy sauce chicken
  * Steam minced pork
  * Subgum
  * Suckling pig
  * Sweet and sour pork
  * White boiled shrimp
  * White cut chicken
  * Wonton noodles
  * Yangzhou fried rice

  
  
Dim sum and yum cha|

  * Almond tofu
  * Beef tripe
  * Cha siu bao
  * Chicken feet
  * Coconut bar
  * Har gow
  * Jian dui
  * Jiaozi
  * Lo mai gai
  * Nian gao
  * Ox-tongue pastry
  * Rice noodle roll
  * Shumai
  * Spring roll
  * Steamed meatball
  * Swiss wing
  * Taro cake
  * Taro dumpling
  * Tendon
  * Tofu skin roll
  * Turnip cake
  * Water chestnut cake
  * Yau gok
  * Youtiao
  * Zhaliang

  
  
Siu laap|

  * Char siu
  * Chinese sausage
  * Lou mei
  * Orange cuttlefish
  * Roast goose
  * Siu mei
  * Siu yuk
  * White cut chicken

  
  
Desserts and pastry|

  * Almond biscuit
  * Biscuit roll
  * Deuk Deuk Tong
  * Douhua
  * Ginger milk curd
  * Lo mai chi
  * Malay sponge cake
  * Mooncake
  * Red bean cake
  * Red bean soup
  * Sausage bun
  * Tang bu shuai
  * Tong sui
  * White sugar sponge cake

  
  
Condiments and spices|

  * Fermented bean curd
  * Five-spice powder
  * XO sauce

  
  
Ingredients|

  * Beef ball
  * Black bean paste
  * Chenpi
  * Conpoy
  * Fermented black beans
  * Fish ball
  * Fishcake
  * Frog legs
  * Garland chrysanthemum
  * Kai-lan
  * Mantis shrimp
  * Ong choy
  * Pig blood curd
  * Pig's ear
  * Rapeseed
  * Saang mein
  * Sea cucumber
  * Shahe fen
  * Shrimp roe noodles
  * Spare ribs
  * Suan cai
  * Tofu skin
  * Wonton
  * Yi mein
  * Youmian
  * Zha cai

  
  
Others|

  * Chinese herb tea
  * Dried shredded squid

  
  
  * Cantonese restaurant
  * Beijing cuisine
  * Shanghai cuisine
  * Hong Kong cuisine
  * Macanese cuisine
  * Chinese cuisine
  * History of Chinese cuisine

  
  
  * v
  * t
  * e

Beijing cuisine  
  
---  
  
  * Aiwowo
  * Baodu
  * Bing guo
  * Chao hong guo
  * Chaogan
  * Chatang
  * Douzhi
  * Erguotou
  * Fuling jiabing
  * Hot pot
  * Instant-boiled mutton
  * Jing Jiang Rou Si
  * Jiaoquan
  * Kai kou xiao
  * Liangfen
  * Luzhu huoshao
  * Luo si zhuan
  * Misandao
  * Mi zhi hu lu
  * Nai lao
  * Peking duck
  * Qingtang wanzi
  * Ruan zha li ji
  * Spring pancake
  * Wotou
  * Xi gua lao
  * Xingren doufu
  * Yin si juan
  * Yun dou juan
  * Zhajiangmian

  
  
  * Category
  * Commons

  
  
  * v
  * t
  * e

Inner Mongolia topics  
  
---  
  
Hohhot (capital)  
  
General|

  * History
  * Politics
  * Independence movement
  * Economy
  * Administrative divisions

  
  
Geography|

  * Cities
  * Gobi Desert
  * Tengger Desert
  * Climate

  
  
Education|

  * Inner Mongolia University
  * Inner Mongolia Normal University
  * Chifeng University

  
  
Culture|

  * Music of Inner Mongolia
  * Mongolian language
  * Mongolian script
  * Northeastern Mandarin
  * Plain Blue Banner

  
  
Cuisine|

  * Hot pot

  
  
Visitor attractions|

  * Shiretu Juu
  * Zhaojun Tomb
  * Mausoleum of Genghis Khan
  * Hexigten Global Geopark
  * Wanbu Huayanjing Pagoda

  
  
  * **Category**
  * **Commons**

  
  
  * v
  * t
  * e

Yunnan cuisine  
  
---  
  
  * Adzuki bean
  * _Baba_
  * Bamboo
  * Banana flower
  * Barbeque
  * Coconut
  * Eggplant
  * _Erkuai_
  * Ferns
  * Flowers
  * Crossing-the-bridge noodles
  * Honey
  * Hot pot
  * Jackfruit
  * _Jidou liangfen_
  * Granny's potato
  * _Lufu_
  * _Mi gan_
  * _Mi xian_
  * Mushrooms
  * Nashi pear
  * Palm sugar
  * Pineapple rice
  * Pu'er tea
  * Steam pot chicken
  * _Rubing_
  * _Rushan_
  * Sichuan pepper
  * Shiping tofu
  * Spring rolls
  * Sweet potato
  * Tangerine
  * Xuanwei ham
  * _Xidoufen_
  * _Zhe'ergen_

  
  
  * Chinese cuisine
  * History of Chinese cuisine

  
  
Retrieved from
"https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Hot_pot&oldid=1099878567"

Categories:

  * Beijing cuisine
  * Cantonese cuisine
  * Chinese inventions
  * Chongqing cuisine
  * Hong Kong cuisine
  * Japanese cuisine
  * Jin dynasty (1115–1234)
  * Sichuan cuisine
  * Stews
  * Table-cooked dishes
  * Yunnan cuisine
  * Communal eating

Hidden categories:

  * Articles with short description
  * Short description is different from Wikidata
  * Articles needing additional references from December 2012
  * All articles needing additional references
  * Articles containing Chinese-language text
  * Articles containing simplified Chinese-language text
  * Articles containing traditional Chinese-language text
  * All articles with unsourced statements
  * Articles with unsourced statements from May 2017
  * Articles with unsourced statements from April 2020
  * Commons category link from Wikidata
  * Commons category link is locally defined

## Navigation menu

###  Personal tools

  * Not logged in
  * Talk
  * Contributions
  * Create account
  * Log in

###  Namespaces

  * Article
  * Talk

English

###  Views

  * Read
  * Edit
  * View history

More

###  Search

###  Navigation

  * Main page
  * Contents
  * Current events
  * Random article
  * About Wikipedia
  * Contact us
  * Donate

###  Contribute

  * Help
  * Learn to edit
  * Community portal
  * Recent changes
  * Upload file

###  Tools

  * What links here
  * Related changes
  * Upload file
  * Special pages
  * Permanent link
  * Page information
  * Cite this page
  * Wikidata item

###  Print/export

  * Download as PDF
  * Printable version

###  In other projects

  * Wikimedia Commons

###  Languages

  * العربية
  * Català
  * Čeština
  * Deutsch
  * Español
  * Français
  * 한국어
  * Հայերեն
  * Italiano
  * עברית
  * Jawa
  * Magyar
  * Bahasa Melayu
  * 日本語
  * Polski
  * Русский
  * Simple English
  * Svenska
  * ไทย
  * Türkçe
  * Українська
  * ئۇيغۇرچە / Uyghurche
  * Tiếng Việt
  * 吴语
  * 粵語
  * 中文

Edit links

  * This page was last edited on 23 July 2022, at 02:04 (UTC).
  * Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License 3.0; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.

  * Privacy policy
  * About Wikipedia
  * Disclaimers
  * Contact Wikipedia
  * Mobile view
  * Developers
  * Statistics
  * Cookie statement

  *   * 

  *[v]: View this template
  *[t]: Discuss this template
  *[e]: Edit this template

