https://magicpin.in/Bangalore/Banashankari-Stage-1/Restaurant/Chowman/store/62c675/delivery/?itemId=224605


Select Location

Login

  1. Home
  2. India
  3. Bangalore
  4. Bommasandra
  5. Restaurant
  6. Chowman
  7. Delivery

# Chowman

Delivery Only  . Cost for two: ₹200

Delivery Only Cost for two: ₹200

##  Bommasandra, Bangalore

Menu  Directions  Street food center that has too many options of cuisines
starting from snacks to dinners and desserts. People generally visit here on
weekends with family, kids, and loved ones.

Please visit magicpin.in/phonepe/inappview

OVERVIEW DELIVERY  MENU PHOTOS OVERVIEW DELIVERY  MENU PHOTOS

####  Special Super Bowl

Special Veg Combo

₹--  ₹194.65

Noodles fried to crisp and served with thick gravy of vegetables including
cabbage, carrot, capsicum, tomato and mustard plant tossed in sweet flavourful
tomato based sauces along with chicken and prawn topped with egg poach

Special Non-Veg Combo

₹--  ₹211.65

Wok Tossed Hakka Noodles/Fried Rice+Kung Pao Chicken/Chilli Chicken/Garlic
Chicken/Manchurian Fish/Ginger Fish/Chilli Fish+Chicken Momo[2 pcs]

####  Meal For Two

Chowman's Special Veg Meal

₹--  ₹509.15

Serves 1-2 People. Veg Fried Wonton+Veg Coriander Burnt Garlic Rice/Singapore
Noodles Veg+Mixed Vegetables In Kung Pao Style / Exotic Veg In Chilli Mountain
Sauce

Chowman's Special Non-veg Meal

₹--  ₹577.15

Serves 1-2 People. Chicken Fried Wonton+Chicken Moon Fan Fried Rice/Chicken
Wok Tossed Hakka Noodles+Chilli Garlic Chicken In Red Bell Pepper / Oyster
Chicken With Vegetables

####  Veg Soup

Veg Clear Soup

₹--  ₹119

Clear soup which include Chinese cabbage, mushroom, carrots, broccoli with the
final sprinkle of pepper on top.

Lemon Coriander Thick Soup Veg

₹--  ₹131.75

A thick preparation with cabbage, carrots and beans for heavy outburst of
flavourful coriander and lemon for that ultimate tang and spice summed up in
one amazing soup.

Hot And Sour Soup Veg

₹--  ₹127.5

This soup come in a spicy, soya based and brown colour with cabbage, carrot,
tofu and shiitake mushroom.

Lemon Pepper Soup Veg

₹--  ₹131.75

A less-spicy, light soup with chinese cabbage,carrot, pak choi, sliced
broccolli and button mushroom flavoured with lemon and pepper.

Noodle Soup Veg

₹--  ₹127.5

The perfect concoction of a non-spicy recipe comprising clear soup and noodles
that serves to be a light yet filling portion with cabbage, carrot and mustard
plant

Manchow Soup Veg

₹--  ₹127.5

Hot & Spicy soup made with a healthy combo of beans, carrots, cabbage,
Shiitake mushrooms and served alongside crispy noodles.

Sweet Corn Soup Veg

₹--  ₹140.25

A light start to your meal, this soup is light, filled with the juicy
nutrients of tender corn mush including cabbage, carrots and beans and comes
with a streak of sweet bend to the flavour

####  Non-veg Soup

Fish Ball Soup

₹--  ₹165.75

Hot And Sour Soup

₹--  ₹136

This soup come in a spicy, soya based and brown colour with cabbage, carrot,
tofu and shiitake mushroom along with choice of chicken/prawn or both

Lemon Coriander Thick Soup

₹--  ₹144.5

A thick preparation with a heavy outburst of flavourful coriander and lemon
along with egg drop for that ultimate tang and spice

Lemon Pepper Soup

₹--  ₹140.25

A less-spicy, light soup with chinese cabbage, carrot, pak choi, broccoli and
button mushroom flavoured with lemon and pepper; along with chicken/prawn or
both

Lung Fung Soup

₹--  ₹144.5

A perfect heavy fill to your tummy with cabbage, carrot, beans and shiitake
mushrooms along with chicken/ prawn flavoured with wine.

Manchow Soup

₹--  ₹136

Hot & spicy soup made with a healthy combo of beans, carrots, cabbage,
shiitake mushrooms egg drop, chicken/prawn served alongside crispy noodles.

Meat Ball Soup

₹--  ₹153

A clear soup filled with drops of tender meat balls and additional benefits of
cabbage, carrots, topped with a handful of spring onions.

Noodle Soup

₹--  ₹136

The perfect concoction of a non-spicy recipe comprising clear soup and noodles
that serves to be a light yet filling portion with cabbage, carrot and mustard
plant along with choice of chicken/prawn or both.

Tom Kha Soup

₹--  ₹182.75

Traditional Thai Coconut flavored thick soup flavoured with lemon leaf,
lemongrass and galagar; along with chicken or prawn

Tom Yum Soup

₹--  ₹178.5

A spicy, traditional Thai chili soup which variants of chicken or prawn
flavoured with galangal and kaffir lime that gives an amazing twist to the
Indian taste bud.

Wonton Soup

₹--  ₹153

In its variants of chicken or prawn, this clear soup comes with cute little
wontons dumplings in its filled with tender fillings.

Chicken Clear Soup

₹--  ₹136

Clear soup which include shredded chicken with the final sprinkle of pepper
and spring onion on top.

Sweet Corn Soup Chicken

₹--  ₹144.5

A light start to your meal, this soup is light, filled with the juicy
nutrients of tender corn mush including shredded chicken and comes with a
streak of sweet bend to the flavour

Shredded Lamb Soup With Celery And Mushroom

₹--  ₹178.5

This non-spicy clear soup comes with shredded lamb, mushroom and celery, and
is flavoured with garlic and peppercorns

Crab Meat Soup With Egg Drop And Chillies

₹--  ₹178.5

A heavy, non-spicy soup with crab meat and egg drop, garnished with fresh
chillies which comes in a filling portion and can serve as a truly satiating
appetizer.

Thai Soup

₹--  ₹178.5

This soup is true to its name with its spicy preparation of the very essence
of Thai flavours coming in a plethora of ingredients including Tom Yum,
Cabbage, Ginger, Garlic, lemon alongside Shiitake mushroom alongside chicken
and prawn

WineAnd Crab Meat Soup

₹--  ₹187

As the name suggests, this soup too comes in its luxury ingredients of garlic
tossed crabmeat in thick white broth flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) and
fresh coriander leaf with a sprinkle of chilli flakes.

Chowman's Favourite Soup

₹--  ₹195.5

From the house of Chowman, our very own specialty soup is a pure bliss that
comes with an amalgamation of two different soups in perfect proportion,
adding up luxury ingredients such as prawn, Pak Choi, egg drops, mushrooms,
boneless chicken and many more

Seafood Soup

₹--  ₹195.5

A luxury, non-spicy thick soup meeting the perfect combo of crabmeat, squid
and prawn flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) and sprinkles of coriander leaf.

####  Veg Starters

Momo Veg

₹--  ₹131.75

Steamed dumplings with fresh shredded vegetables are the perfect fill for an
evening snack.

Crispy Noodle Salad

₹--  ₹153

A Super-light, and super healthy accompaniment to your main course dish;
Crispy Noodle Salad comes with lightly fried noodle mixed with assorted fresh
veggies

Wonton Veg

₹--  ₹161.5

Round, tender Chinese dumplings, stuffed with carrots, cabbage, chopped
coriander and seasonings, served either steamed or fried into golden
perfection

Chilli Teriyaki Potato

₹--  ₹165.75

Red in colour, Cube fried potatoes tossed in teriyaki sauce and house chilli
sauce is moderately spicy and sweet blowing a kiss with a fist to your hunger
pang

Crispy Honey Fried Wonton Veg

₹--  ₹165.75

Crispy fried southern Chinese soft dumpling stuffed with fresh vegetables
tossed in honey

Veg Spring Roll

₹--  ₹165.75

Crispy deep-fried hand-made wraps filled with a delicious stuffing of lightly
spiced and crunchy vegetables

Crispy Chilli Baby Corn

₹--  ₹178.5

A starter dish to blindly surrender to with soft baby corn tossed in house
sauce alongside onions, garlic, green chillies for that spicy streak combined
with the sweeter side of the babycorn.

Veg Sui Mai

₹--  ₹178.5

Soft steamed dumplings stuffed with veggies is the perfect light starter or
can serve as a filling bite for your evening snacks

Crispy Baby Corn With Honey

₹--  ₹182.75

A common favourite as a starter, this dish comes with tender baby corns,fried,
and tossed in honey and sesame seed to satiate your sweet bud

Crispy Veg In Chilli Plum Sauce

₹--  ₹191.25

Crispy fried vegetables like carrot, zuchhini, broccoli, cauliflower, baby
corn, cabbage, bell peppers and button mushroom tossed in sweet Chinese plum
sauce and chilli paste along with choppeg ginger

Sauteed Assorted Vegetables

₹--  ₹182.75

Diced exotic vegetables like pak choi, cabbage, carrot, bell peppers, onion,
baby corn, broccoli, cauliflower and button mushroom sauteed with
garlic,seasoned with wine (non-alcoholic) and butter is surely about to set up
your mood for a hearty start to your meal

Crispy Tofu In Hong Kong Style

₹--  ₹191.25

Chinese favourite tender tofu diced and deep-fried, sauteed with onion,
celery, and ginger alongside whole a star anise

Pan Fried Chilli Paneer

₹--  ₹187

For the lover of spice, this dish comes with a spicy streak to it, made with
India?? favourite tender paneer; sauteed with fresh veggies and tossed in
spicy sauces

Pan Fried Chilli Tofu

₹--  ₹187

For the lover of spice, this dish comes with a spicy streak to it, made with
traditional Chinese tofu; sauteed with fresh veggies and tossed in spicy
sauces

Paneer Pepper Salt

₹--  ₹182.75

Tender paneer tossed in soya and other sauces alongside garlic, ginger and
onions with the final sprinkle of pepper and spring onions on top.

Crispy Chilli Mushroom

₹--  ₹187

Crispy fried button mushroom with garlic, onions, green chillies tossed in
house sauces and chilli paste

Mushroom Pepper Salt

₹--  ₹187

A scrumptious starter dish comprising Crispy fried button mushroom with
sauteed onion, celery, flavoured with pepper and garlic

American Corn Pepper Salt

₹--  ₹191.25

Deceptive by its name, this preparation is specifically Chinese in nature
using American corn tossed in a mixture of house sauces, ketchup, and soy
alongside onion, chilli flakes, and garlic

Crispy Chilli American Corn

₹--  ₹195.5

Crispy fried american corn with garlic, onions, green chillies tossed in house
sauces and chilli paste

Crispy Corn With Kaffir Lime

₹--  ₹195.5

Tender american corns fried to crisp tossed with kaffir lime juice, butter
gives that perfect tangy, sweet, spicy concoction of flavours for a hearty
start to your meal

Exotic Mushrooms In Chilli Soya Sauce

₹--  ₹204

Stir fried assorted exotic mushrooms tossed in chilli soya sauce

Crispy Veg With Kaffir Lime

₹--  ₹187

Tender vegatables such as carrot, cauliflower, babycorn, potato, zuchhini,
broccoli, cabbage and button mushroom fried to crisp tossed with kaffir lime
juice, butter gives that perfect tangy, sweet, spicy concoction of flavours
for a hearty start to your meal

Konjee Crispy Three Treasure Mushroom

₹--  ₹212.5

A satiating and lip-smacking starter comprising diced button mushroom, fungus
mushroom and shiitake mushroom fried into proper crisp and tossed with ginger,
garlic, hoisin sauce and chilli paste

Cheese And Spinach Roll

₹--  ₹208.25

Spinach and cheese stuffed rolls which are fried

Crispy Honey Lotus Stem

₹--  ₹221

Shallow fried crispy Lotus stem flavoured with light soy, honey and a hint of
chilli sauce. It is a very unique and healthy dish as the Lotus stem is very
rich in vitamins and other nutrients

####  Non-veg Starters

Chicken Momo

₹--  ₹157.25

The favourite of the favourites, our momo comes in tender chicken stuffed
inside steamed dumplings, presented with chef's special sauce.

Roasted Chilli Lamb

₹--  ₹280.5

Roasted lamb with diced onion, chillies, soy sauce, tossed in house chilli
sauce

Crispy Honey Fried Wontons

₹--  ₹187

Southern chinese soft dumplings stuffed with chicken or prawn, fried to a
mild-sweet crisp and tossed in honey.

Double Cooked Crispy Chilli Fish

₹--  ₹267.75

Almost a heart winner at snacks or accompaniments, we got the finger fish
double fried to crisp tossed in soy sauce, tomato sauce and chilli sauce.

Fish Pepper Salt

₹--  ₹250.75

Marinated sliced fish fried, and tossed in chilli oil, oyster sauce, light
soya and wine for that extravagance in flavours for a spiced-up beginning to
your meal.

Kowloon Fish

₹--  ₹255

Luxury fish starter featuring basa/ beckti well prepared in chilli paste sauce
& topped by red and yellow bell peppers, spring onions with a tinge of wine.

Pan Fried Chilli Fish

₹--  ₹250.75

Marinated fish pan-seared with garlic, onions, green chillies; tossed in soy
sauce, ketchup and chilli paste brings bliss in every single bite.

Pepper Garlic Fish

₹--  ₹255

Marinated and fried fish sauteed with bell peppers, onions and celery, tossed
in tomato sauce butter comes with that perfect aroma of garlic to it.

Sui Mai Non-veg

₹--  ₹208.25

Soft steamed dumplings stuffed with preferred variant of chicken/prawn is the
perfect light starter or can serve as a filling bite for your evening snacks.

Pork Momo (Steamed)

₹--  ₹165.75

Steamed dumplings stuffed with minced pork and served with Chef's Special
sauce.

Chicken Spring Roll

₹--  ₹182.75

Crispy deep-fried hand-made wraps filled with a delicious stuffing of lightly
spiced and tender chicken fillings

Wonton Chicken

₹--  ₹182.75

Cute little dumplings filled with miced chicken, either steamed or deep fried,
leaving a mouthful of love behind

Wonton Prawn

₹--  ₹195.5

Cute little dumplings filled with minced prawn, either steamed or deep fried,
leaving a mouthful of love behind

Chicken Lollipop

₹--  ₹208.25

Mouth lingering starter and everyone?? favourite, featuring marinated and
fried Chicken drumsticks served with hot garlic sauce

Drums Of Heaven Non-Veg (Thai Style)

₹--  ₹216.75

Chicken lollipops sauteed in special sauces and other specific sauces for a
Thai bend to the flavour.

Fried Chicken Wings

₹--  ₹216.75

The crunchiest, mouth lingering tender Chicken wings fried to perfection and
flavoured with squeeze of lemons and chilly oil.

Sliced Chicken In Schezwan Style

₹--  ₹216.75

Mouth watering, spicy, sliced marinated chicken with diced onion, bell pepper
and dry chillies, tossed in Chinese Schezwan sauce will surely set your buds
on fire

Green And Red Pepper Chicken

₹--  ₹216.75

Sliced chicken with green and red bell pepper tossed in very low amount of
oyster sauce, dark soya and spring onion flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic)
and topped with chilli flakes

Konjee Crispy Chicken

₹--  ₹221

Shredded tender chicken marinated, then fried to crisp with vegetables tossed
in multiple secret sauces

Pepper Garlic Chicken

₹--  ₹221

Diced chicken, bell pepper and onion, tossed in butter, oyster sauce, dark
soya; and flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic)

Tai Chin Chicken (Dry)

₹--  ₹221

Chicken tossed with dry red chillies & bell pepper with five spice flavour

Barbeque Chicken

₹--  ₹225.25

Marinated diced chicken tossed in tomato sauce and dark soya garnished with
shredded carrot

Sweet And Spicy Crispy Chicken

₹--  ₹229.5

The perfect blend of sweet and spicy in this dish of chicken pieces fried to
perfect crisp and glazed with a sticky sweet and spicy sauce

Chicken Tai Pai

₹--  ₹233.75

Shredded chicken fried and sauteed with celery and garlic, tossed in chilli
oil and sauces, flavoured with julian onion and lemon juice

Kolkata Style Chilli Chicken

₹--  ₹225.25

Bite sized pieces of chicken with tender bones tossed in chillies and
Chowman's secret sweet and spicy sauce

Lat Mai Kai

₹--  ₹233.75

Marinated pan fried chicken and vegetables tossed in chef's special house
sauces

Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce

₹--  ₹255

Traditional Southeast Asian styled skewered grilled meat, served with peanut
sauce

Pan Fried Chilli Chicken

₹--  ₹229.5

Pan fried chicken with garlic, onions and green chillies tossed in soy sauce,
tomato sauce and house chilli sauce

Clay Pot Braised Chicken With Mushroom

₹--  ₹233.75

Tender and juicy sliced chicken slightly blanched and tossed in soya sauce,
oyster sauce, with mushroom and served in a clay pot

Drums Of Heaven Non-Veg (Hong Kong Style)

₹--  ₹216.75

Chicken lollipops in Indo-Chinese style of cooking sauteed with different
Chinese sauces with a flavour of Star anise

Dragon Chicken

₹--  ₹242.25

A spicy dish comprising diced chicken cubes, tossed in Dragon Chilli Sauce

Honey Glazed Pan Fried Chicken With Lemon

₹--  ₹238

With a tinge of sweeter streak to it, this dish features the Pan fried chicken
tossed in honey and garnished with sesame seed setting up as the perfect
starter to complement your evening mood.

Kolkata Style Chilli Pork

₹--  ₹255

Tender boneless pork slices marinated, then tossed in dark Soya, green chili,
and onion with a final sprinkle of white peppers and spring onions on top.

Double Fried Pork

₹--  ₹246.5

Marinated pork double fried and tossed in hoisin sauce, tomato sauce, chilli
sauce and black bean sauce with a squeeze of lime on top

Fire Roasted Mandarin Chicken

₹--  ₹246.5

As the name goes, this dish comes with its fiery flavors of tender, shredded
chicken roasted and served in semi gravy along with mushrooms ; then flavoured
with house sauces, coriander and sesame oil

Crispy Fried Crab Wonton

₹--  ₹255

Round tender dumpling stuffed with crab meat, mushrooms and seasoning, deep
fried to crispy golden brown perfection, served with sweet chilli sauce

Roasted Chilli Pork (Dry)

₹--  ₹238

For the lover of spice, Roasted Chilli pork comes with tender pork slices
tossed with onion, capsicum, soy sauce and chilli sauce

Roasted Pork In Chilli Plum Sauce

₹--  ₹255

The lip-smacking flavours of Roasted Sliced Pork tossed in a sweet Chinese
plum sauce and spicy chilly sauce

Chilli Shrimps

₹--  ₹238

A Spicy retreat with our mastery over shrimps marinated and tossed in soy
sauce, tomato and house chilli sauce.

Double Fried Lamb

₹--  ₹263.5

Marinated lamb double fried and tossed in hoisin sauce, tomato sauce, chilli
sauce and black bean sauce with a squeeze of lime on top

Konjee Crispy Lamb

₹--  ₹263.5

Marinated shredded lamb fried to crisp with vegetables tossed in sauces

Lachu Lamb

₹--  ₹272

The perfect bite of the tender meat well intact within a crispy exterior well
prepapred in dark soya & chilli paste, garnished by celery and green onion.

Sesame Prawn Balls

₹--  ₹272

Minced prawn balls deep fried with sesame seeds is a soulful starter prior to
a hearty meal

Honey Chilli Crispy Lamb

₹--  ₹272

Crispy lamb tossed in light soya with a squeeze of lime is like heaven on
plate that is surely going to leave you craving for more

Wok Tossed Chinese Cabbage With Minced Pork In Oyster Sauce

₹--  ₹276.25

Minced pork meat and diced cabbage tossed with dark soya, oyster sauce,
chillies and spring onion

Char Sui Lamb

₹--  ₹263.5

With a special retreat to traditional Chinese, the dish brings in tender lamb
racks coated and roasted in devil sauce, hoisin sauce; and is flavoured with
wine (non-alcoholic) and five star powders along with pak choi, button
mushrooms and bell peppers

Deep Fried Barbeque Spare Ribs

₹--  ₹280.5

A drool-worthy starter dish comprising pork fat and meat with bones is a
soulful beginning to a hearty meal

Honey Glazed Spare Ribs

₹--  ₹284.75

Roasted spare pork ribs tossed in honey and finished with butter

Deep Fried Squid In Sweet Chilli Sauce

₹--  ₹310.25

Luxury seafood-Squid deep fried, then tossed in sweet chilli sauce is a
plateful of pleasure at one go

Fried Chilli Squid

₹--  ₹314.5

Hot & Spicy preparation starring seafood-squid fried, and tossed in dark soya,
tomato sauce and chilli paste

Golden Fried Prawn

₹--  ₹318.75

Tender, delicious prawn, marinated, then fried golden in Japanese tempura
batter

Mountain Chilli Squid

₹--  ₹318.75

Spicier than your love for spice, our Mountain Chilli Squid features the
luxury seafood fried to crisp then tossed in the spicy Mountain Chilli sauce

Prawn Pepper Salt

₹--  ₹323

Marinated prawns tossed in chilli oil, oyster sauce, soya and flavoured with
wine (non-alcoholic) and pepper

Schezwan Pepper Squid

₹--  ₹323

A proper satiation to our spice bud, this dish features the Fried squid tossed
in oyster sauce and light soya, flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) and
crushed schezwan pepper

Honey Glazed Chilli Squid

₹--  ₹331.5

For those with a sweeter streak to them, we got the Pan fried squid with
honey-soy reduction, garnished with sesame seeds.

Pepper Garlic Prawn

₹--  ₹323

Marinated prawns, bellpepper and onion tossed in butter, oyster sauce, dark
soya and flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) and pepper

Prawn In Chilli Mountain Sauce

₹--  ₹331.5

A favourite of the sea-food lovers this dish features stir fried prawns in
spicy sauces, chilli flakes that serve the perfect spicy start to your Chinese
meal.

Prawn Ka Seong

₹--  ₹327.25

King prawns sauteed with shredded vegetables, button mushrooms and chillies;
finally flavoured with dark soya

Prawn Har Gau

₹--  ₹348.5

Traditional Cantonese steamed dumplings made from a variety of starch sources,
wrapped around a filling of delicious prawn

Stir Fried Squid With Bell Pepper, Ginger And Spring Onion

₹--  ₹348.5

Cubes of tender squid and bell pepper stir fried with ginger and spring onions
to give a flavourful taste

Lamb Rolls In Soya Sauce

₹--  ₹391

Shredded Lamb meat tossed in house sauces, wrapped in rolls and steamed,
served with a flavoursome soya sauce

Golden Fried Fish (Beckti)

₹--  ₹442

The luxury of Beckti fried to perfect golden crisp & moulded in Japanese
tempura batter

Bbq Smoked Fish

₹--  ₹463.25

Shallow fried beckti tossed in the seasoning of five spice, hoisin, dark soy
sauce and red chilli paste

####  Veg Main Course

Chilli Potato

₹--  ₹170

Fried potato cubes tossed in soy sauce, tomato sauce and chilli paste

Mixed Vegetables In White Sauce

₹--  ₹178.5

Fresh vegetables such as baby corn, pak choi, mushrooms, broccoli,
cauliflower, chinese cabbage, carrot, bell peppers and zuchhini in thick sauce
flavoured with butter, garlic and pepper

Exotic Vegetables In Chilli Basil Sauce

₹--  ₹182.75

Exotic vegetables such as baby corn, mushrooms, pak choi, chinese cabbage,
bell peppers, carrot, cauliflower, broccoli and zuchhini tossed in oystter
sauce and dark soya with basil leaf

Schezwan Mixed Vegetable With Baby Corn And Button Mushroom

₹--  ₹178.5

Diced assorted vegetables such as baby corn, pak choi, cabbage, capsicum,
broccoli, cauliflower and button mushroom flavoured with schezwan spices

Sweet And Sour Vegetable

₹--  ₹178.5

Fresh vegetables like cabbage, carrot, bell peppers, pak choi, baby corn,
cauliflower, pine apple, tomato and cucumber tossed in sweet and sour sauce

Chilli Garlic Baby Corn And Button Mushroom

₹--  ₹187

Sauteed chopped garlic, baby corn and button mushroom in tomato and house
chilli sauce, flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic)

Paneer Garlic

₹--  ₹187

Fried paneer, cooked and flavoured with garlic, butter and wine (non-
alcoholic) and garnished with spring onions

Sweet And Sour Veg With Crispy Noodles

₹--  ₹187

Fresh vegetables like cabbage, carrot, bell peppers, pak choi, baby corn,
cauliflower, pine apple, tomato and cucumber garnished with noodles fried to
crisp

Exotic Veg In Pepper Garlic Sauce

₹--  ₹187

A delicious veg starter, featuring the Chinese Cabbage, Pak Choi, Butter
Mushroom, Baby corn, Broccoli, carrot, bell peppers and cauliflower tossed in
Pepper Garlic sauce, with a final sprinkles of black pepper on top.

American Corn And Potatoes In Hot Garlic Sauce

₹--  ₹191.25

Sauteed American Corn and potato in garlic, chilli sauce and chilli paste

Exotic Veg In Coriander Sauce

₹--  ₹191.25

Diced green capsicum, carrot, cabbage, pak choi, cauliflower, broccoli, baby
corn and mushroom tossed in coriander paste with a squeeze of lime

Exotic Veg In Mountain Chilli Sauce

₹--  ₹191.25

Sauteed exotic vegetables such as carrot, mushroom, baby corn, cauliflwoer,
broccoli, pak choi, cabbage, bell peppers tossed in a spicy sauce and mountain
chilli to give that hot spicy bend to the dish

Hunan Paneer

₹--  ₹191.25

Fried paneer, cooked with bell peppers, chopped garlic and flavoured with wine
(non-alcoholic)

Paneer Manchurian

₹--  ₹191.25

India's favourite delicate Paneer balls tossed in dark soya, chilli sauce &
oystter sauce.

Stir Fried Vegetable In Pepper Garlic Sauce

₹--  ₹191.25

A delicious veg starter, featuring the Chinese Cabbage, Pak Choi, Butter
Mushroom, Baby corn, Broccoli, carrot, bell peppers and cauliflower tossed in
Pepper Garlic sauce, with a final sprinkles of black pepper on top.

Four Treasure Vegetables In Spicy Hunan Sauce

₹--  ₹195.5

Pak Choi, Chinese Cabbage, Babycorn, Broccoli and bell peppers tossed in soya
flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic)

Tofu In Black Bean Sauce

₹--  ₹195.5

Fried tofu tossed in black bean sauce flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic)

Tofu In Hot Garlic Sauce

₹--  ₹195.5

Fried tofu tossed in garlic, chilli sauce and spicy devil's sauce

Chilli Tofu

₹--  ₹199.75

Cubes of crispy tofu sauteed with garlic, onions and green chillies tossed in
soya sauce and chilli paste

Devil's Choice Vegetables

₹--  ₹199.75

Exotic vegetables such as pak choi, broccoli, chinese cabbage, zucchini,
mushrooms, baby corn, cauliflower and potato tossed in super spicy devil's
sauce

Mixed Veg In Kung Pao Style (Gravy)

₹--  ₹199.75

Stir fried exotic vegetables, mushroom, baby corn, carrot, cauliflower, bell
peppers, zucchini and cashew nuts in hoisin sauce and chilli sauce flavoured
with wine (non-alcoholic)

Broccoli, Baby Corn, Mushroom In Chilli Corn Sauce

₹--  ₹208.25

Broccoli, Babycorn and Mushroom finely cooked in gravy made from chilli, corn
and garlic

Veg Coin In Sauce Of Your Choice

₹--  ₹187

Chilli Paneer

₹--  ₹170

A favourite of the veg lovers; this spicy vegetarian dish meets the flavours
of China with tender paneer tossed in soya and other home-made chilli sauce
alongside garlic, onions and green chillies with the final sprinkle of spring
onion on top.

####  Chicken Main Course

Chicken In Hot Garlic Sauce

₹--  ₹225.25

Marinated chicken tossed in sauteed garlic, tomato sauce and house chilli
sauce

Chilli Chicken

₹--  ₹221

Marinated fried chicken tossed in garlic, onion, chillies, soy sauce, tomato
and chilli sauce

Devil's Chicken.

₹--  ₹221

Marinated Sliced chicken tossed in spicy devil's sauce, tomato sauce and
chilli sauce

Garlic Chicken

₹--  ₹221

Marinated chicken with sauteed garlic tossed in butter and sweet ketchup

Ginger Chicken

₹--  ₹221

Marinated chicken tossed in dark soya and oyster sauce, flavoured with wine
(non-alcoholic) and ginger

Lemon Chicken

₹--  ₹221

Marinated chicken tossed in lemon juice, butter and chopped garlic, served
with sliced lemon

Manchurian Chicken

₹--  ₹221

Marinated chicken tossed in dark soya, spicy chilli sauce, oyster and tomato
sauce

Chicken In Black Bean Sauce

₹--  ₹233.75

Marinated chicken tossed in black bean sauce and dark soya flavoured with wine
(non-alcoholic)

Chicken In ChilliWine

₹--  ₹229.5

Marinated chicken tossed in chilli paste and tomato sauce, flavoured with wine
(non-alcoholic)

Chicken In Plum Sauce

₹--  ₹242.25

Marinated chicken tossed in a sweet Chinese plum sauce

Chilli Garlic Chicken In Red Bell Pepper

₹--  ₹233.75

Marinated diced chicken and vegetables cooked in flavourful oyster sauce and
finished with wine (non-alcoholic)

Honey Chicken

₹--  ₹229.5

Marinated chicken with chopped ginger, cucumber, carrot, pineapple, green
capsicum tossed in honey

Hong Kong Chicken

₹--  ₹229.5

Marinated diced chicken tossed in hoisin sauce, dark soya and flavoured with
wine (non-alcoholic)

Hunan Chicken

₹--  ₹229.5

Marinated chicken cooked with bell peppers, flavoured with wine (non-
alcoholic) and butter

Schezwan Chicken

₹--  ₹229.5

Diced marinated chicken tossed in oyster sauce, light soya, flavoured with
wine (non-alcoholic) and schezwan pepper

Teriyaki Chicken

₹--  ₹229.5

Marinated chicken cooked in traditional Japanese teriyaki sauce and flavoured
with wine (non-alcoholic), butter and sesame oil

Shredded Chicken With Chilli Garlic Sauce

₹--  ₹238

Shredded chicken and chopped garlic tossed in oyster sauce flavoured with wine
(non-alcoholic)

Sweet And Sour Chicken

₹--  ₹238

Marinated chicken tossed in tomato, cucumber, carrot, pineapple, capsicum,
onion and butter mixed with sauteed ginger

General Tso's Chicken

₹--  ₹242.25

Diced chicken tossed in different sweet and spicy sauces, flavoured with wine
(non-alcoholic)

Oyster Chicken With Vegetable

₹--  ₹238

Chicken tossed in oyster sauce, dark soya and house chilli sauce along with
vegetables and mushrooms

Spicy Orange Chicken

₹--  ₹242.25

Marinated chicken sauteed with fresh vegetables tossed in orange juice and
house sauces

Sweet And Spicy Pineapple Chicken

₹--  ₹242.25

Marinated chicken tossed in pineapple and orange juice, garnished with
pineapple & cherry

Tsing Hoi Chicken

₹--  ₹238

Marinated chicken, diced vegetables and cashew nuts braised in traditional
tsing hoi and chilli sauce

Chicken With Cashew Nut And Dry Chilli

₹--  ₹238

Marinated chicken with cashew nut tossed in dark soya and chilli paste,
flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) and dried chillies

Chowman Special Chicken

₹--  ₹246.5

Marinated sliced chicken with assorted vegetables, button mushroom, shiitaki
mushroom, baby corn tossed in chef's special sauces

Drunken Chicken

₹--  ₹250.75

Marinated chicken with bell peppers and button mushroom cooked light soya and
vinegar, flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic)

Hot Pot Hunan Chicken With Shiitake Mushroom

₹--  ₹250.75

Marinated chicken, shiitake mushroom and bell pepper tossed in chilli bean
sauce, chilli sauce and flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic)

Kung Pao Chicken

₹--  ₹246.5

Classic Sichuan chicken dish with diced bell pepper, cashew nuts, dry roasted
chillies tossed in hoisin sauce, soy sauce, chilli sauce, flavoured with
sesame oil and wine (non-alcoholic)

####  Fish Main Course

Butter Garlic Fish

₹--  ₹276.25

Marinated sliced fish with chopped garlic sauteed in butter and flavoured with
wine.

Chilli Basil Fish

₹--  ₹263.5

Marinated sliced fish tossed in house chilli sauce, oyster sauce, dark soya,
lemon juice and garnished with basil leaf.

Chilli Fish

₹--  ₹255

Marinated sliced fish doused in spicy-tangy dark soya, tomato and chilli sauce
flavoured with chillies, ginger and garlic.

Chilli Plum Fish

₹--  ₹267.75

Marinated fish tossed in a sweet chinese plum sauce and house chilli sauce.

Chilli WineFish

₹--  ₹267.75

Marinated fish with diced bell pepper and red chillies flavoured with house
sauces and wine (non-alcoholic)

Fish In Black Bean Sauce

₹--  ₹263.5

Marinated fish in black bean sauce, tomato sauce, chilli sauce and wine.

Fish In Chilli Mustard Sauce

₹--  ₹267.75

Marinated fish tossed in mustard, oyster sauce and chilli paste finished with
sesame oil.

Fish In Devil's Sauce

₹--  ₹267.75

Marinated sliced fish tossed in spicy devil's sauce, ketchup and chilli paste.

Fish In Ginger Coriander Sauce

₹--  ₹263.5

Marinated sliced fish tossed in coriander paste flavoured with a squeeze of
lemon.

Fish In Oyster Sauce

₹--  ₹267.75

Marinated fish tossed in sweet and tangy oyster sauce, msuhrooms; flavoured
with wine

Fish In Sweet Chilli Sauce

₹--  ₹272

Marinated fish tossed in home-made sweet & spicy chilli sauce with a squeeze
of lime.

Fish Pak Choi

₹--  ₹276.25

Marinated fish with diced vegetables, pakchoi flavoured with celery and garlic
finished with sesame oil and spring onion.

Garlic Fish

₹--  ₹255

Marinated fish with sauteed garlic tossed in tomato sauce, butter and vinegar.

Ginger Fish

₹--  ₹255

Marinated fish, shredded ginger, chopped tomato in oyster sauce and dark soya
flavoured with wine.

Hong Kong Style Fish

₹--  ₹267.75

Marinated fish tossed in hoisin sauce and dark soya flavoured with wine and
star anise

Hot Garlic Fish

₹--  ₹263.5

Marinated fish sauteed with garlic tossed in chilli paste and tomato sauce.

Hunan Fish

₹--  ₹263.5

Marinated sliced fish, cooked with bell peppers and flavoured with wine.

Lemon Fish

₹--  ₹263.5

Marinated sliced fish tossed in lemon juice and butter, garnished with
coriander leaf and sliced lemon.

Lemon Honey Fish

₹--  ₹267.75

Marinated sliced fish tossed in lemon juice, butter and honey.

Manchurian Fish

₹--  ₹255

Marinated fish tossed in dark soya, chilli sauce and oyster sauce.

Mandarin Fish

₹--  ₹272

Marinated fish fried to crisp tossed with shredded vegetables and flavoured
with sesame oil; topped with shredded chicken.

Schezwan Fish

₹--  ₹263.5

Marinated fish tossed in oyster sauce and light soya,flavoured with wine and
schezwan pepper.

Steamed Fish In Sauce Of Your Choice

₹--  ₹280.5

Sweet And Sour Fish

₹--  ₹267.75

Marinated fish sauteed with diced bell pepper, tossed in vinegar, tomato sauce
and butter

####  Prawn Main Course

Coriander Prawn

₹--  ₹306

Chilli Prawn

₹--  ₹327.25

A dish, dominated by spice, comprising the marinated prawn tossed in soy
sauce, tomato and house chilli sauce

Garlic Prawn

₹--  ₹327.25

Marinated prawns sauteed with garlic, then tossed in tomato sauce and butter
for that perfect blend of strong flavours coming together in one great dish.

Ginger Prawn

₹--  ₹327.25

Marinated prawn and vegetables tossed in butter, oyster sauce and dark soya
flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic)

Hunan Prawn

₹--  ₹323

Marinated prawn cooked with bell peppers and flavoured with wine (non-
alcoholic) and butter

Manchurian Prawn

₹--  ₹323

Marinated delicate prawn tossed in dark soya, chilli sauce and oyster sauce.

Prawn In Chilli Lemon Sauce

₹--  ₹323

The perfect blend of spicy with tang, we got the marinated prawn tossed in
chilli paste and butter, served with a squeeze of lemon.

Schezwan Prawn

₹--  ₹327.25

Spicy, tongue biting marinated prawn tossed in oyster sauce and light soya,
flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) and schezwan pepper.

Chilli Honey Prawn

₹--  ₹331.5

The right food mix of spicy with sweet, we have marinated prawn tossed in
house chilli sauce and flavoured with honey

Sweet And Sour Prawn

₹--  ₹331.5

Marinated prawn with sauteed ginger tossed in vinegar and butter gives that
perfect blend of sweet and sour to your taste

Wok Tossed Prawn In Chilli Garlic Sauce

₹--  ₹335.75

Sauteed prawn, wok tossed in dark soya and oyster sauce flavoured with wine
(non-alcoholic) and butter

Butter Garlic Prawn

₹--  ₹340

Marinated prawn and sauteed chopped garlic tossed in wine (non-alcoholic) and
butter

Chilli Basil Prawn

₹--  ₹335.75

Marinated prawn sauteed with vegetables, wok tossed in dark soya, tomato and
house chilli sauce, flavoured with basil

Chilli Coriander Prawn

₹--  ₹335.75

Marinated prawn tossed in chopped chillies and coriander paste, flavoured with
lemon juice

Devil's Prawn

₹--  ₹348.5

Marinated prawn in spicy devil's sauce

Kung Pao Prawn

₹--  ₹335.75

Classic Sichuan prawn dish with diced bell pepper, cashew nuts, dry roasted
chillies tossed in house sauces, flavoured with sesame oil and wine (non-
alcoholic).

Prawn In Black Bean Sauce

₹--  ₹331.5

Marinated prawn tossed in black bean sauce and dark soya, flavoured with wine
(non-alcoholic) for that luxury turn

Prawn In Mustard Chilli Sauce

₹--  ₹335.75

Sauteed prawn tossed in mustard sauce, oyster sauce and chilli paste

Prawn In Oyster Sauce

₹--  ₹335.75

Sauteed prawn tossed in light and dark soya, oyster sauce and flavoured with
wine (non-alcoholic) along with mushrooms

Prawn In Red Pepper Sauce

₹--  ₹335.75

Fried prawn sauteed with bell peppers, garlic, celery and onion, then tossed
in spicy red pepper

Sauteed Prawn In Chilli Plum Sauce

₹--  ₹335.75

Sauteed Prawn in a sweet Chinese plum sauce and house chilli sauce

####  Pork Main Course

Roasted Lemon Pork

₹--  ₹238

Roasted sliced tender pork tossed in butter with a sprinkle of lemon for a
tangy streak, finally garnished with lemon slices

Sweet And Sour Pork

₹--  ₹246.5

A common favourite of the pork lovers, we have got marinated pork sauteed with
ginger, tossed in vinegar and butter

Chilli Pork (Gravy)

₹--  ₹238

For the lovers of spicy streak, chilli pork features roasted pork tossed with
diced onion, soy sauce and chilli sauce.

Devil's Pork

₹--  ₹246.5

Talk of the devil and we bring you the spiciest, hottest devil on your plate
with our marinated pork wok tossed in spicy devil's sauce.

Honey Chilli Pork

₹--  ₹250.75

The perfect blend of sweet and spicy, this dish is all about marinated pork
tossed in tomato sauce, spicy chilli sauce, light soya, flavoured with honey
and a squeeze of lime on top

Schezwan Orange Roasted Pork

₹--  ₹250.75

A speciality dish with a sweeter streak from the house of Chowman, we bring
you marinated pork tossed in tomato sauce and chilli sauce, flavoured with
orange juice and sprinkles of schezwan pepper on top

Roasted Pork In Sauce Of Your Choice

₹--  ₹242.25

\- Delicious bite of tender boneless pork roasted and cooked in chilli paste
and light soya, in preferred variants of Schezwan Spicy sauce/Spicy Hot garlic
sauce/ Non-spicy Garlic sauce/ Non-spicy Oyster Choice.

Roasted Pork Belly In Ginger WineSauce

₹--  ₹255

A speciality amongst the main course we have roasted pork belly cooked in
oyster sauce, chilli paste and dark soya, flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic)
and ginger

Sliced Pork In Sweet Chilli Sauce

₹--  ₹263.5

Non-spicy with a sweeter streak of marinated sliced pork tossed in chilli
paste, sweet chilli sauce and flavoured with lemon juice

Sliced Pork With Cashewnut, Bell Pepper And Spicy Chilli

₹--  ₹263.5

A total bursting of flavours with roasted sliced pork with cashew nuts tossed
in dark soya, tomato sauce, chilli paste and flavoured with wine (non-
alcoholic)

####  Lamb Main Course

Devil's Lamb

₹--  ₹280.5

The perfect bite on a tender lamb meat with an after taste of a tongue-biting
spice, we got marinated lamb tossed in devil?? spice sauce.

Five Spice Lamb

₹--  ₹276.25

Sliced Lamb with diced onion, ginger and capsicum tossed in light soya,
sprinkle of five spice powder and garnished with spring onions.

Hot Garlic Lamb

₹--  ₹280.5

This spicy lamb dish prepared with sauteed chopped garlic, and tossed in
tomato and house chilli sauce leaves a sharp sting to both your tongue and
brain

Shredded Lamb In Chilli Garlic Sauce

₹--  ₹289

Tender lamb first shredded, fried and tossed in house chilli sauce and oyster
sauce brings the perfect combo of flavours dominated by the perfect sauce mix.

Lamb In Chilli Plum Sauce

₹--  ₹280.5

Marinated lamb tossed in a sweet Chinese plum sauce is the perfect dish to
accompany your rice main course

Lamb In Hunan Sauce

₹--  ₹280.5

Well known for spicy flavours, fresh aroma, we got this dish dominating the
Hunan province, prepared with lamb, finely cooked in a chef's special Hunan
sauce, and flavoured with garlic and ginger

Lamb In Oyster Sauce

₹--  ₹280.5

Tender lamb meat and fat marinated, and then tossed in dark and light soya and
oyster sauce, finally flavoured with the luxury aroma of wine (non-alcoholic)
along with mushrooms

Stir Fried Lamb With Diced Chilli And Cashewnuts

₹--  ₹276.25

Sauteed lamb and cashew nuts tossed in dark soya, tomato and house chilli
sauce, flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic)

Schezwan Orange Roasted Lamb

₹--  ₹289

A speciality sweet dish of Chowman comprising a unique blend of Roasted lamb,
bell peppers and shitake mushroom tossed in tomato sauce and chilli sauce
flavoured with orange juice and schezwan pepper

Sliced Lamb In Honey And Black Pepper

₹--  ₹293.25

Shredded lamb with sauteed with chopped garlic tossed in tomato and house
chilli sauce.

Stir Fried Lamb Slices With Assorted Veg

₹--  ₹289

Sliced lamb stir fried with assorted seasonal vegetables that bring a plateful
of protein enriched and nutritious contents on the plate.

####  Crab Main Course

Chilli Crab Claws

₹--  ₹284.75

Marinated crab claws tossed in soy sauce with garlic, onions and fresh
chillies

Mountain Chilli Crab Claws

₹--  ₹293.25

Marinated crab claws in spicy devil's sauce

Pepper Garlic Crab Claws

₹--  ₹293.25

Marinated crab claws tossed in butter, oyster sauce, dark soya and flavoured
with wine (non-alcoholic), garlic and pepper

Schezwan Crab Claws

₹--  ₹293.25

Marinated crab tossed in oyster sauce and light soya, flavoured with wine
(non-alcoholic) and schezwan pepper

Crab Meat In Black Bean Sauce

₹--  ₹335.75

Marinated crab meat tossed in black bean sauce, dark soya and flavoured with
wine (non-alcoholic)

Crab Meat In Chilli Basil

₹--  ₹335.75

Crab meat tossed in Chilli paste, ketchup, oyster sauce, dark soya, lemon
juice and basil leaf

Steamed Crab Meat In Ginger WineSauce

₹--  ₹335.75

Steamed crab meat served with thick gravy flavoured with ginger, celery and
wine (non-alcoholic)

####  Squid

Wok Fried Squid In Chilli Black Bean Sauce

₹--  ₹323

Marinated fried squid tossed in black bean sauce, dark soya and chilli sauce.

Chilli Plum Squid

₹--  ₹335.75

Marinated squid tossed in a sweet Chinese plum sauce and house chilli sauce

Fried Squid With Oyster Sauce

₹--  ₹327.25

####  Veg Rice

Steamed Rice

₹--  ₹110.5

Good old fashioned steamed rice with a hint of lemon leaf

Coriander Burnt Garlic Veg Rice

₹--  ₹144.5

Coriander flavoured rice with carrots, beans and american corn flavoured and
garnished with burnt garlic and coriander leaf

Basil Fried Rice Veg

₹--  ₹144.5

Rice with carrot, beans, american corn flavoured and garnished with basil leaf

Chilli Garlic Rice Veg

₹--  ₹144.5

Rice with carrot, american corn & beans tossed in chilli paste, tomato ketchup
flavoured with chopped garlic

Moon Fan Fried Rice Veg

₹--  ₹148.75

Rice with cabbage, carrot, shiitaki mushroom and flavoured with 5 star spice
powder and wine (non-alcoholic)

Schezwan Fried Rice Veg

₹--  ₹148.75

Rice with carrot, beans, american corn & dry chilli tossed in spicy schezwan
pepper, chilli sauce and tomato sauce

Lemongrass Fried Rice Veg

₹--  ₹148.75

Rice tossed with carrots, beans and american corn, flavoured with lemon grass
and leaves

Ginger Capsicum Flavoured Rice

₹--  ₹157.25

Rice sauteed with shredded bell pepper, ginger and mushroom

Shanghai Fried Rice Veg

₹--  ₹157.25

Rice with bell peppers, broccolli, baby corn, carrots & button mushrooms
tossed in spicy chilli sauce

Thai Styled Fried Rice Veg

₹--  ₹153

Traditional Thai styled fried rice with baby corn, broccolli, button mushroom,
basil leaf & lemon leaf tossed in soy sauce, oyster sauce and chilli paste

Rice With Asian Greens

₹--  ₹161.5

Rice sauteed with fresh broccoli, pak choi, carrot, beans, american corn and
button mushroom

####  Non-veg Rice

Coriander Burnt Garlic Egg Rice

₹--  ₹144.5

Coriander flavoured rice with egg flavoured and garnished with burnt garlic
and coriander leaf

Egg White Fried Rice

₹--  ₹165.75

Fried rice tossed in salt, pepper and egg white garnished with spring onion

Basil Fried Rice Non-veg

₹--  ₹153

Rice sauteed with chicken/shrimp and egg, flavoured and garnished with basil
leaf

Chilli Garlic Rice Non-veg

₹--  ₹153

Rice with egg and chicken/shrimp tossed in chilli paste, tomato ketchup
flavoured with chopped garlic

Fried Rice Non-veg

₹--  ₹161.5

A filling main course rice meal comprising the basic fried ingredients like
egg, chicken/shrimps garnished with spring onions

Lemongrass Fried Rice Non-veg

₹--  ₹157.25

Rice with chicken/shrimp or both, flavoured with fragrant lemongrass

Moon Fan Fried Rice Non-veg

₹--  ₹157.25

Rice with cabbage, carrot, shiitaki mushroom, egg, chicken/shrimp and
flavoured with 5 star spice powder, star anise and wine

Schezwan Fried Rice Non-veg

₹--  ₹157.25

Rice with egg, chicken /shrimps tossed in spicy schezwan pepper, chilli sauce
and tomato sauce

Shanghai Fried Rice Non-veg

₹--  ₹165.75

Rice with bell peppers, broccolli, baby corn, carrots & button mushrooms
tossed in spicy chilli sauce; mixed with chicken/shirmp and egg

Thai Styled Fried Rice Non-veg

₹--  ₹178.5

Traditional Thai styled fried rice with baby corn, broccolli, button mushroom,
basil leaf & lemon leaf tossed in fish sauce, oyster sauce and chilli paste
along with chicken/shrimp

Roasted Pork Rice

₹--  ₹174.25

Stir fried Pork mixed with rice egg served with a sprinkle of spring onion

Roasted Lamb Rice

₹--  ₹178.5

Stir fried lamb mixed with rice and egg served with a sprinkle of spring onion

Crab Meat Rice

₹--  ₹212.5

Rice tossed with minced crab meat and egg; flavoured with wine (non-
alcoholic), garnished with coriander leaf

Seafood Fried Rice

₹--  ₹208.25

A luxury bowl of garlic tossed rice, fried with eggs, shrimps, squids and
crabmeat and garnished by coriander leaves

Chowman's Special Rice

₹--  ₹221

Specially curated fried rice in spicy chilli sauce mixed bell peppers, baby
corn, broccolli, button mushroom, carrot with boneless chickens, shrimps and
wrapped in egg

####  Veg Noodles

Wok Tossed Hakka Noodles Veg

₹--  ₹136

Wok tossed noodles with vegetables such as cabbage, carrot, capsicum and
mustard plant in light and black soya

Chilli Garlic Noodles Veg

₹--  ₹140.25

Noodles with carrot, cabbage, mustard plant & bell peppers tossed in chilli
paste, tomato ketchup flavoured with chopped garlic

Schezwan Hakka Noodles Veg

₹--  ₹140.25

Noodles with carrot, cabbage, mustard plant, capsicum & dry red chilli tossed
in spicy schezwan pepper and spicy house chilli sauce

Singapore Noodles Veg

₹--  ₹144.5

Noodles tossed in traditional Singapore oil with cabbage, carrot, green
capsicum, mustard plant and tomato

Cantonese Noodles Veg

₹--  ₹148.75

A light, nutrient enriched, boiled noodles in thick white gravy with cabbage,
carrot, beans, capsicums, cauliflower, cabbage & mustard plant

Shanghai Noodles Veg

₹--  ₹144.5

A Shanghai styled noodles prep, also known as the Udon where the noodle is
stir fried in Chilli paste alongside bell peppers, broccolli, baby corn,
carrots & button mushrooms.

Thai Styled Noodles Veg

₹--  ₹153

Traditional Thai styled noodles with baby corn, broccolli, button mushroom,
basil leaf & lemon leaf tossed in fish sauce, oyster sauce and chilli paste

Pan Fried Noodles Veg

₹--  ₹161.5

Noodles, pan fried and served with thick gravy of diced vegetables, tossed in
oystter sauce, dark soya and flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) with a strong
aroma of shiitake mushroom and bamboo shoots

Braised Noodles With Bell Pepper,black Mushroom And Spring Onion

₹--  ₹229.5

Flat noodles stir-fried with shredded bell peppers and shiitake mushroom
tossed in sesame oil

Stir Fried Cheesy Noodles With Exotic Veg

₹--  ₹225.25

Stir fried noodles and vegetables such as baby corn, mushrooms, zuchhini,
capsicum, pak choi, Chinese cabbage and carrot tossed with chopped garlic and
garnished with grated cheese

####  Non-veg Noodles

Cantonese Noodles

₹--  ₹165.75

A light, nutrient enriched, boiled noodles in thick white gravy with cabbage,
carrot, beans, bell peppers, cauliflower & mustard plant along with
chicken/shrimp.

Chilli Garlic Noodles

₹--  ₹148.75

Noodles with egg, chicken or shrimp tossed in chilli paste, tomato ketchup
flavoured with chopped garlic.

Pan Fried Noodles

₹--  ₹178.5

Noodles, pan fried aand served with thick gravy of diced vegetbles including
chinese cabbage, pak choi, carrot, beans, broccoli, cauliflower, tossed in
oyster sauce, dark soya and flavoured with wine with a strong aroma of
shiitake mushroom, bamboo shoots; along with chicken/shrimp

Schezwan Hakka Noodles

₹--  ₹148.75

Noodles with carrot, cabbage, mustard plant, bell peppers & dry red chilli
alongside egg, chicken / shrimp tossed in spicy schezwan pepper and spicy
house chilli sauce.

Shanghai Noodles

₹--  ₹153

A Shanghai styled noodles prep, also known as the Udon where the noodle is
stir fried in Chilli paste alongside bell peppers, broccolli, baby corn,
carrots & button mushroom; mixed with chickens/shrimps and egg.

Singapore Noodles

₹--  ₹153

Noodles with egg and chicken/shrimp in chopped ginger, cabbage, green capsicum
and mustard plant tossed in traditional Singapore oil, tomato and red chilli

Thai Styled Noodles

₹--  ₹165.75

Traditional Thai styled noodles with baby corn, broccolli, button mushroom,
basil leaf & lemon leaf tossed in soy sauce, oyster sauce and chilli paste
along with chicken/prawn.

Wok Tossed Hakka Noodles

₹--  ₹144.5

Wok tossed noodles with egg, shrimp/chicken and cabbage, carrot, capsicum in
light and black soya.

Chowman Special Noodles

₹--  ₹208.25

Specially curated stir fried noodles in spicy chilli sauce mixed bell peppers,
baby corn, broccolli, button mushroom, carrot with boneless chickens, prawn
and wrapped in egg

Stir Fried Seafood Noodles

₹--  ₹199.75

Stir fried noodles tossed with corainder leaf and egg with exotic seafoods
like squid and prawn along with egg

####  Veg Meifoon

Meifoon Veg

₹--  ₹161.5

A super-filling thin strands of rice noodles tossed with carrot,onions,
capsicum; garnished with spring onions

Schezwan Style Meifoon Veg

₹--  ₹165.75

Rice Noodles with carrot, cabbage, mustard plant, bell peppers & dry red
chilli tossed in spicy schezwan pepper and spicy house chilli sauce

Singapore Style Meifoon Veg

₹--  ₹161.5

Coming in its gorgeous colour and texture, we have Singapore styled Meifoon
comprising rice noodles with vegetables like carrot, cabbage, capsicum tossed
in chopped ginger and chilli, sauteed in Singapore oil

Thai Styled Meifoon Veg

₹--  ₹178.5

Traditional Thai styled rice noodles with baby corn, broccolli, button
mushroom, basil leaf & lemon leaf tossed in soy sauce, oyster sauce and chilli
paste

Shanghai Style Meifoon Veg

₹--  ₹170

Rice Noodles with bell peppers, broccolli, baby corn, carrots & button
mushrooms tossed in spicy chilli sauce

####  Non-veg Meifoon

Meifoon

₹--  ₹170

A super-filling thin strands of rice noodles tossed with carrot,onions,
capsicum; garnished with spring onions; along with egg, chicken/shrimp or both

Schezwan Style Meifoon

₹--  ₹174.25

Rice noodles with carrot, cabbage, mustard plant, bell peppers & dry red
chilli alongside egg, chicken / shrimp tossed in spicy schezwan pepper and
spicy house chilli sauce.

Shanghai Style Meifoon

₹--  ₹178.5

Rice noodles with bell peppers, broccolli, baby corn, carrots & button
mushrooms tossed in spicy chilli sauce, mixed with chicken/shirmp/egg.

Singapore Style Meifoon

₹--  ₹170

Rice noodles with cabbage, carrot, green capsicum, mustard plant, tomato, egg,
chicken / shrimp tossed in chopped ginger and chilli, sauteed in singapore
oil.

Thai Styled Meifoon

₹--  ₹195.5

Traditional Thai styled rice noodles with baby corn, broccolli, button
mushroom, basil leaf & lemon leaf tossed in soy sauce, oyster sauce and chilli
paste along with chicken/prawn

Seafood Meifoon

₹--  ₹233.75

Rice noodles with exotic seafood like prawn, squid tossed with garlic and egg
flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) and garnished with coriander leaf

####  Chopsuey

American Chopsuey Veg

₹--  ₹182.75

Noodles fried to crisp and served with thick gravy of vegetables including
cabbage, carrot, capsicum, tomato and mustard plant tossed in sweet flavourful
tomato based sauces

Chinese Chopsuey Veg

₹--  ₹191.25

A highly proteinous, and nutrients enriched dish comprising noodles fried to
crisp and served with vegetables such as cabbage, carrot, capsicum, broccoli,
beans, pak choi and cauliflower cooked in non spicy white gravy

American Chopsuey Non Veg

₹--  ₹199.75

Noodles fried to crisp and served with thick gravy of vegetables including
cabbage, carrot, capsicum, tomato and mustard plant tossed in sweet flavourful
tomato based sauces along with chicken and prawn topped with egg poach

Chinese Chopsuey Non Veg

₹--  ₹208.25

Noodles fried to crisp and served with vegetables such as cabbage, carrot,
capsicum, broccoli, beans, pak choi and cauliflower along with chicken and
prawn cooked in non spicy white gravy

Seafood Chopsuey Chinese

₹--  ₹229.5

A plethora of luxury seafood ingredients comprising Prawn, squid with the
basic base of Chinese Chopsuey in super-filling portions

####  Thai

Vegetables In Green Curry

₹--  ₹195.5

Vegetables sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in chilli- coriander
paste and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon

Vegetables In Red Curry

₹--  ₹195.5

Vegetables sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in red chilli paste
and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon

Fish In Green Curry

₹--  ₹289

Sliced fish and baby corn sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in
chilli- coriander paste and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon.

Fish In Red Curry

₹--  ₹289

Sliced fish and baby corn sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in red
chilli paste and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon.

Chicken In Green Curry

₹--  ₹250.75

Sliced chicken and baby corn sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in
chilli- coriander paste and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon

Chicken In Red Curry

₹--  ₹250.75

Sliced chicken and baby corn sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in
red chilli paste and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon

Pork In Green Curry

₹--  ₹272

Sliced pork and baby corn sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in
chilli- coriander paste and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon.

Pork In Red Curry

₹--  ₹272

Sliced pork and baby corn sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in red
chilli paste and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon.

Prawn In Green Curry

₹--  ₹340

Prawn and baby corn sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in chilli-
coriander paste and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon

Prawn In Red Curry

₹--  ₹340

Prawn and baby corn sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in red
chilli paste and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon

####  Dessert

Darshan

₹--  ₹102

A hearty desert made with the fried Wonton noodles, dripping honey and
sprinkles of sesame seeds

####  Beverages

Packaged Drinking Water [1 Litre]

₹--  ₹38.25

Coca Cola

₹--  ₹46.75

Sprite

₹--  ₹46.75

Thums Up

₹--  ₹46.75

### Cuisines

####

Chinese

####

Fast Food

####

Sichuan

more

### About

Street food center that has too many options of cuisines starting from snacks
to dinners and desserts. People generally visit here on weekends with family,
kids, and loved ones.

### Address

Shop 3, Ajmera Avenue, Sy 156, Doddathoguru Village, Neeladri Nagar,
Electronic City, Near Bommasandra, Bommasandra, Bangalore Get Directions

####  Albums

Photos (2)

Food Menu (14)

### Cuisines

####

Chinese

####

Fast Food

####

Sichuan

more

####  Albums

Photos (2)

Food Menu (14)

×

### Restaurants related to Chowman

Restaurants in Bommasandra, Bangalore Restaurants in Bangalore Chinese
restaurants in Bommasandra Bangalore  Fast Food restaurants in Bommasandra
Bangalore

"nx_t": "Aug. 8, 2022, 1:59 a.m.","as_t": ""

