https://www.daringgourmet.com/restaurant-chinese-hot-and-sour-soup/


The Daring Gourmet

Grappling Each Dish By The Horns

Sign up for our newsletter!

Email*

Everything

No SPAM. Ever.Check out our privacy policy

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipes
  * Home & Garden
  * Travel
  * Work With Me
  * Contact
  * Shop

Home » All Recipes » **Authentic Hot and Sour Soup**

# Authentic Hot and Sour Soup

January 20, 2020 by Kimberly Killebrew · 91 Comments

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases. See my disclosure
policy.

420 shares

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin
  * Email

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

This thoroughly authentic Chinese Hot and Sour Soup recipe is carefully
crafted, jam-packed with flavor, rivals your very favorite restaurant version,
and is sure to WOW your dinner guests!

Good restaurant Chinese hot and sour soup has a very distinct flavor that can
be challenging to replicate. And not all restaurant hot and sour soups are
created equal either - not by a long shot. Though you may not be able to
pinpoint the difference, you can tell when shortcuts have been taken. And have
you noticed that you can generally predict the quality of the entree based on
the quality of the hot and sour soup? A really good hot and sour soup is a
good omen for the food to follow.

This authentic Hot and Sour Soup recipe is the real deal - carefully crafted
with attention to detail. Give it a try and we're confident you'll agree that
it is as good as - and most likely far better than - the best hot and sour
soup you have enjoyed at your favorite Chinese restaurant!

This is an easy soup to make, it just involves some prep work (which can all
be done in advance) and the inclusion of ingredients you may not be familiar
with. But once you've gathered up the right ingredients the rest is a breeze
and you'll become famous among your friends and family for making the best
Chinese Hot and Sour Soup in town!

## **Key Ingredients For Authentic Hot and Sour Soup**

Before we get started, let me introduce you to a couple of key ingredients in
this soup that you may not be familiar with.

This soup uses two types of traditional Chinese dried mushrooms: **Shiitake**
and **Wood Ear**. Shiitake mushrooms are well known but wood ear mushrooms,
also called cloud ears or black fungus mushrooms, are less commonly known.
These mushrooms come dried and can you usually be found in Asian grocery
stores. You can also find them on Amazon (see links above).

The next ingredient is something called **Day Lilies**. There are a number of
culinary uses for day lilies. Fresh day lilies are great in salads, stuffed,
battered and fried, or sauteed. They are also very nutritious, packing a
variety of vitamins. Day lilies also play an important role in Chinese
traditional medicine. Dried day lilies are used for hot and sour soup and you
can also find those in Asian grocery stores and on Amazon (see link above).

Another key ingredient in Chinese hot and sour soup is **Chinese Black
Vinegar**. You'll also need some **Chili Oil** and **Bamboo Shoots**.

With these ingredients on hand you are ready to make an authentic and
absolutely BEST hot and sour soup!

## **How To Make Hot and Sour Soup**

Let's get started!

Place the mushrooms in a bowl.

Pour boiling water over them and soak for 20 minutes. Reserve 1 cup of the
mushroom liquid.

Give the day lilies a brief rinse.

Place the day lilies in a bowl and pour hot water over them. Soak for 20
minutes.

While the mushrooms and day lilies are soaking, prepare the remaining
ingredients.

Julienne the pork.

Mince 1 teaspoon of fresh ginger.

Place the pork in a small bowl and combine with the ginger and 1 teaspoon of
soy sauce. Set aside while preparing the remaining ingredients.

Drain and julienne the bamboo shoots.

Cut the tofu into 1/4 inch cubes.

Drain the day lilies and squeeze out any excess liquid. Cut the hard ends off
the lilies. Slice the lilies lengthwise.

Chop the lilies into 1 inch lengths.

Squeeze the water from the mushrooms. Slice the shiitakes and chop the wood
ear mushrooms.

Now let's make the soup!

Bring the chicken stock and reserved mushroom liquid to a boil and add the soy
sauce, vinegar, chile oil, sugar, hot sauce (adding more according to desired
level of heat), and pepper. Add the pork, stirring to prevent the pork from
sticking together, the bamboo shoots, and mushrooms. Simmer for 2 minutes.

Add the day lilies and the cornstarch mixture. Return to a boil and simmer for
another minute until slightly thickened.

Add the tofu and simmer for another minute.

Lightly whisk the eggs in a bowl. Pour the egg mixture in a steady stream into
the simmering soup, remove from heat, and let sit for 20 seconds to let set in
fine strands. Stir gently.

Add the sesame oil and green onions. Add salt and pepper to taste.

**Enjoy!**

### **For more phenomenal Chinese recipes, be sure to try our:**

  * **Beef and Broccoli**
  * **Orange Chicken**
  * **General Tso 's Chicken**
  * **Mongolian Beef**
  * **Wonton soup**
  * **Kung Pao Chicken**
  * **Shanghai Noodles**
  * **Sichuan Orange Beef**
  * **Chicken Chow Mein**
  * **Mongolian Chicken**
  * **Honey Sesame Chicken**
  * **Sweet and Sour Chicken**
  * **Honey Glazed Beef and Walnuts**

## **PIN ME!**

##

## Authentic Chinese Hot and Sour Soup

Kimberly Killebrew

Jam-packed with flavor, this thoroughly authentic Hot and Sour Soup rivals
your very favorite restaurant version!

Print Recipe

4.89 from 9 votes

Prep Time 20 mins

Cook Time 10 mins

Total Time 30 mins

Course Soup

Cuisine Chinese

Servings 6 servings

Calories 148 kcal

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * 4 large dried shiitake mushrooms
  * 1/4 cup wood ear mushrooms
  * 1/2 cup dried day lilies
  * 1/4 lb lean pork finely julienned
  * 1 teaspoon fresh ginger finely minced
  * 1 teaspoon soy sauce
  * 5 cups quality chicken broth
  * 1 cup reserved mushroom soaking liquid
  * 3 tablespoons soy sauce
  * 1 teaspoon sugar
  * 1 teaspoon ground white pepper
  * 4-5 tablespoons black vinegar according to desired sourness see note
  * 1/2 cup bamboo shoots drained and julienned
  * 1 tablespoon cornstarch mixed in 1/4 cup water
  * 1 cup tofu cut into 1/4 inch cubes
  * 2 eggs lightly beaten
  * 2 teaspoons sesame oil
  * 2 teaspoons chili oil or more depending on heat preference
  * 1 teaspoon hot sauce (optional, for additional heat)
  * 2 tablespoons chopped green onions

### Instructions



  * Place the shiitake and wood ear mushrooms in a glass bowl and pour boiling water over them. Soak for 20 minutes. Reserve 1 cup of the mushroom liquid, discard the rest. Squeeze the liquid from the mushrooms. Slice the shiitakes and chop the wood ear mushrooms.

  * While the mushrooms are soaking, quickly rinse the dried day lilies and soak them in hot water for 20 minutes. Discard the liquid, squeezing any excess from the lilies, cut the hard tips off the bottoms, slice the lilies lengthwise and chop into 1 inch lengths.

  * While the mushrooms and day lilies are soaking, place the pork in a small bowl and combine it with the ginger and teaspoon soy sauce. Set aside while you're preparing the other ingredients.

  * Bring the chicken broth and the reserved cup of mushroom liquid to a boil in a stock pot. Add the soy sauce, vinegar, sugar, chile oil, hot sauce (adding more according to desired level of heat), and pepper.

  * Add the pork, stirring to prevent the pork from sticking together, the bamboo shoots, and mushrooms. Simmer for 2 minutes.

  * Add the day lilies and the cornstarch mixture. Return to a boil and simmer for another minute until slightly thickened. Add the tofu and simmer for another minute.

  * Pour the egg mixture in a steady stream into the simmering soup, remove from heat, and let sit for 20 seconds to let set in fine strands. Stir gently.

  * Add the sesame oil and green onions.

### Notes

If you don't have black vinegar, the closest substitute is balsamic vinegar.

### Nutrition

Calories: 148kcal | Carbohydrates: 7g | Protein: 14g | Fat: 8g | Saturated
Fat: 2g | Cholesterol: 67mg | Sodium: 398mg | Potassium: 317mg | Fiber: 1g |
Sugar: 2g | Vitamin A: 99IU | Vitamin C: 1mg | Calcium: 68mg | Iron: 2mg

Keyword Hot and Sour Soup

Tried this recipe? Mention @daringgourmet or hashtag #daringgourmet







&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;A
HREF="http://ws-na.amazon-
adsystem.com/widgets/q?rt=tf_mfw&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;ServiceVersion=20070822&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;MarketPlace=US&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;ID=V20070822%2FUS%2Fthedargou09-20%2F8001%2F57b53697-e6b3-47b5-8e0a-1743edd51a26&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;Operation=NoScript"&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;Amazon.com
Widgets&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/A&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;

420 shares

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin
  * Email

91 Comments →

« Blue Cheese Dressing

Authentic Cornish Pasty Recipe »

### 91 Responses

  1. Jessica says

September 21, 2021 at 8:40 pm

This look like a great recipe! I want to make a lot of this soup and freeze
it. Do you think it will work?

Reply

    * Kimberly @ The Daring Gourmet says

September 22, 2021 at 6:30 pm

Hi Jessica, you can freeze it but cornstarch breaks down when frozen so you'll
likely need to re-thicken it when you reheat it.

Reply

  2. Patricia says

July 25, 2021 at 3:12 pm

Do you use just store bought chicken stock or do you make your own? Which is
best? Or do you use chicken bouillon? I love the Hot Sour soup at Little China
in Gastonia, NC. I always order it. Tried many versions when we lived in
Vegas. Sun's Thai was my second favourite. Vegas.

Reply

    * Kimberly @ The Daring Gourmet says

July 25, 2021 at 6:01 pm

Hi Patricia, homemade is always best of course but for convenience you can use
store-bought, whichever brand you like, and it will still taste marvelous.

Reply

  3. Paul says

January 28, 2020 at 9:09 am

You almost got it.  
The white pepper is enough. No chili oil or hot sauce; they dramatically
change the flavor for the worse.  
Don't need mushroom soaking liquid or sugar. Finally, spread lightly beaten
eggs over rapidly boiling soup and leave until they form those beautiful, thin
"petals" that everyone loves so much.  
Otherwise, good job.

Reply

  4. Lisalia says

January 21, 2020 at 4:40 pm

I agree this is the best version - homemade - of this soup I've tried. Thank
you for such a delicious recipe. All of yours are keepers.

Reply

    * Kimberly @ The Daring Gourmet says

January 21, 2020 at 4:55 pm

Thank you so much, Lisalia! :)

Reply

  5. Aimee Shugarman says

January 21, 2020 at 5:18 am

A delicious dinner last night. Weather was so chilly and this was the perfect
bowl of comfort food!

Reply

    * Kimberly @ The Daring Gourmet says

January 21, 2020 at 8:00 am

I'm so glad you enjoyed it, Aimee, thank you!

Reply

  6. jane says

November 23, 2019 at 9:15 am

Exactly like what we get at our favourite restaurant! We've been making this
soup at home for years now. A keeper!

Reply

    * Kimberly @ The Daring Gourmet says

November 23, 2019 at 9:25 am

I'm thrilled to hear that, Jane, thanks so much!

Reply

  7. Nathan Lombough says

March 29, 2017 at 11:58 pm

Absolutely fantastic soup! This has always been my favorite soup to order in
Chinese restaurants. I've tried several recipes and none of them have come
even close to my favorite restaurant version. I have to tell you, yours is
even BETTER than my favorite restaurant version and that's saying a lot. Well
done. Will be making this again and again. Cheers.

Reply

    * Kimberly @ The Daring Gourmet says

March 30, 2017 at 12:02 am

Awesome, Nathan, I'm so thrilled to hear that, thank you!

Reply

  8. Lauren Kelly Nutrition says

January 6, 2017 at 2:24 pm

I adore mushrooms and this soup looks amazing!

Reply

  9. Lora @savoringitaly says

January 6, 2017 at 1:43 pm

This soup looks fabulous! Now I have to go to my favorite Asian market and
stock up on some ingredients to put it together!!

Reply

« Older Comments

### Add your Response Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name

Email

Website

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

<img src="http://www.daringgourmet.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/logo-
final-01.png" class="sub-logo">

#### Sign up for our newsletter!

Receive the latest from The Daring Gourmet!

Email*

Everything

No SPAM. Ever.Check out our privacy policy

  * About
  * Request
  * Contact
  * Privacy

Copyright (C) 2022 · The Daring Gourmet · All Rights Reserved

__

__

  * __

  * ______________

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipes
  * Home & Garden
  * Travel
  * Work With Me
  * Contact
  * Shop

