https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/blogs/largely-edibles/book-review-the-mainland-china/?frmapp=yes


+

##  Accept the updated privacy & cookie policy

We use cookies and other tracking technologies to provide services in line
with the preferences you reveal while browsing the Website to show personalize
content and targeted ads, analyze site traffic, and understand where our
audience is coming from in order to improve your browsing experience on our
Website. By continuing to browse this Website, you consent to the use of these
cookies. If you wish to object such processing, please read the instructions
described in our Cookie Policy / Privacy Policy.

Accept Reject

Update Consent

###### LIFESTYLE

# Book Review: The Mainland China Cookbook

August 19, 2010, 3:52 PM IST **Sid Khullar** in Largely Edibles, Lifestyle,
TOI

###### Sid Khullar

Sid Khullar is a brand consultant (Brands at Large), food blogger (Chef at
Large) and an amateur photographer. His past lives include being a a hard core
techie and dabbling in medical diagnostic research. His recently opened recipe
website (Chef at Large - Recipes) has over 35,000 recipes with a few thousand
being added every day.  LESS ... MORE

My first look at this book told me two things – advertising and precision. For
obvious reasons, one assumes a book

  * Written by the owner of a chain of Chinese restaurants
  * Named after the same chain of Chinese restaurants
  * With the words ‘From India’s best known Chinese restaurant’ splashed across the cover

… is an advertisement. Don’t ask me why. It’s just a vague sort of feeling.

It looked precise because on opening the book, the first recipe I came across
was ‘Konjee Crispy Lamb’ (page 136) that calls for deep frozen lamb fillets to
be sliced into strips 70mm long, 2mm thick and 20mm wide. If that wasn’t
enough, the recipe for ‘Chicken Pearl Balls’ wants 40 grams of rice soaked in
315ml of cold water. How, I wonder, will the average home cook measure 40grams
of rice, 315ml of water and most amusingly, cut lamb into 2mm thick strips.
Reading further, many recipes ask for 5 grams of something (spring onions p76)
where asking for a teaspoon would have done just as well. It really isn’t fair
to ask for Wheat Starch Flour (Hargao p36) without clarification or going on
to ask the cook to add ‘a good amount of salt and corn flour’ (Hargao p36)…
the list goes on.

You’ll find some recipes asking the cook to add corn flour to the mixture in
the pot (for thickening) and others mentioning (almost rightly so) ‘Corn
flour, dissolved’ for the same purpose. I fail to understand why recipes
weren’t adapted to the capabilities of the books target audience. For example,
the recipe for Stir Fried Chinese Greens on page 77 asks for the quantities of
25g, 4g, 2tbsp (inconsistent) and 2g for various ingredients. The author would
have done well to adapt this entire recipe and many others like it to use
cups, teaspoons and tablespoons rather than the patently absurd ‘Sugar – 2g’.

From this point on, after noting simple recipes were stretched to look like
far more trouble than they actually were, the book began looking even more
like a blatant advertisement, seemingly saying, ‘We at Mainland China go
through soooo much trouble to bring that lovely food to your table’. Don’t go
by my words though, I haven’t eaten at Mainland China yet; that was just a
phrase.

The author also starts off on the wrong foot (with me) by belittling Indian-
Chinese food in the introduction, which is a cuisine in its own right and has
evolved over the last few hundred years. Commercial intent is fine, wrongfully
bashing an entire competing cuisine is not.

I like the index of recipes at the back and most of the photographs are good,
though way too few for a cookbook of this nature. The trade directory at the
back really should have tried to list specialities of the stores and could
have been far better organised.

All in all, this book needed a great deal more work before release. I wouldn’t
buy it if I were you.

{{#totalcount}}

##### Top Comment

{{#PIU}}{{/PIU}} {{^PIU}}{{/PIU}}

###### {{A_D_N}}

{{C_D}}

{{{short}}} {{#more}} {{{long}}}... Read More {{/more}}

{{/totalcount}} {{^totalcount}}

##### Start a Conversation

{{/totalcount}}

{{{add_comment_link}}} {{#totalcount}} {{{read_comment_link}}} {{/totalcount}}

###### Disclaimer

Views expressed above are the author's own.

###### END OF ARTICLE

##### Opinions

  * What’s obscene? FIR against Ranveer Singh yet another example of absurd & dangerous misuse of an outdated law

  * The exodus is rational: Don’t judge Indian students going abroad. Fix the system problems that are driving them out

  * Gulfam Hassan of Sarfarosh, Nusrat Mirza and Mohammad Hamid Ansari

  * Too few taxpayers: I-T returns numbers remind us again how narrow the tax base is. More tech, fewer exemptions are needed

  * How IAF’s hero became a villain: India’s broken procurement process ensures MiG-21s continue to fly beyond their expiry date

  * Not for courts: Sops for voters are a matter between politicians and people. SC has many other pressing tasks

  * Not just a change of ‘regime’ but it is freedom from ‘dynasty’ rule!

  * Time to remove Pakistan as an idea from Kashmiri minds

  * Why are many Hindus eschewing liberalism?: Civilisational anxiety. But they must remember that Sanatana Dharma is intrinsically pluralistic

  * First citizen & the 9%: Droupadi Murmu proves Modi govt’s commitment to empowerment of tribals, writes the Home Minister

__WRITE FOR TOI BLOGS

Interested in blogging for timesofindia.com? We will be happy to have you on
board as a blogger, if you have the knack for writing. Just drop in a mail at
toiblogs@timesinternet.in with a brief bio and we will get in touch with you.

##### Please note:

  * TOI will have complete discretion to select bloggers
  * TOI's decision in this regard will be final
  * There's no remuneration for blogging
  * TOI reserves the right to edit all blogs

##### Blogs by Sid Khullar

  * Tame Fire
  * From Rajasthan with Love
  * The Pleasures of Pasta

More Blogs

##### TOP VOICES

  * ###### Chidanand Rajghatta

Ruminations,TOI News,Tracking Indian Communities

  * ###### SA Aiyar

Swaminomics

  * ###### Swapan Dasgupta

Right & Wrong,TOI Edit Page

  * ###### Twinkle Khanna

Mrs Funnybones

##### TOP EDITORIALS

  * How IAF’s hero became a villain: India’s broken procurement process ensures MiG-21s continue to fly beyond their expiry date 
  * Not just a change of ‘regime’ but it is freedom from ‘dynasty’ rule! 
  * Why are many Hindus eschewing liberalism?: Civilisational anxiety. But they must remember that Sanatana Dharma is intrinsically pluralistic 

