https://recipes.timesofindia.com/recipes/chilli-baby-corn/rs58398517.cms


+

Ã—

Thanks For Rating

 __

Reminder Successfully Set!

Comments (0)

Sort: NewestUpVotedOldestDiscussedDown Voted

closecomments

Your Rating:

12345

(Tap and add)

  * Nice recipe
  * Will try out
  * Worth trying
  * Wonderful recipe
  * That's yummy
  * Looks delicious
  * I enjoyed this recipe
  * Helpful recipe

Submit

Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory,
and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred
against any community. **Help us delete comments** that do not follow these
guidelines **by marking them offensive**. Let's work together to keep the
conversation civil.

Add to collections

Chilli Baby Corn

Add

Save

Chilli Baby Corn

Your Rating

12345

Good0

Your Rating has been successfully submitted.

Write a review (Optional)

(Tap and add)

  * Nice recipe
  * Will try out
  * Worth trying
  * Wonderful recipe
  * That's yummy
  * Looks delicious
  * I enjoyed this recipe
  * Helpful recipe

SubmitSubmit

Characters Remaining: 3000

  
  
  
Your Rating has been successfully submitted.

Times Food

  * Open App 

  * Hello! __

    * My Profile
    * My Times
    * Help
    * Log Out

  * Log In __

  * Home
  * Recipes _+_

    * Paneer Recipes
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Biryani Recipes
    * Potato Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * Mutton Recipes
    * Rice Recipes
    * Street Food
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Tandoor Recipes
    * Microwave Recipes
    * One-Pot Meals 
    * Comfort Food
    * Sunday Brunch
    * High Tea
    * Weekend Breakfasts
    * Beverages

  *  _New_ Rakhi
  * Health _+_

    * Diabetic
    * Low-Carb
    * Vegan
    * Keto
    * Gluten Free
    * Low Cholesterol
    * High Fibre 
    * Low Calorie
    * Dairy Free
    * High Protein

  * Cuisines _+_

    * Greek
    * Mexican
    * North Indian
    * Continental
    * Mughlai
    * Chinese
    * Punjabi
    * South Indian
    * Italian
    * Rajasthani
    * Jain
    * Bengali
    * Gujarati
    * American
    * Goan
    * Mediterranean
    * French
    * Satvik
    * Asian
    * Kashmiri
    * Maharashtrian
    * Fusion
    * East Indian
    * West India
    * Thai

  * Desserts _+_

    * No Bake Desserts
    * Cookies
    * Cakes
    * Birthday Cakes
    * North Indian Desserts
    * South Indian Desserts
    * Punjabi Desserts
    * Goan Desserts
    * Gujarati Desserts
    * Rajasthani Desserts
    * Bengali Desserts

  * Diet Plans _+_

    * Low Carb
    * Gluten Free
    * Keto Recipes

  * Courses _+_

    * Soups
    * Snacks
    * Salads
    * Appetizers
    * Finger Food
    * Veg Snacks
    * Breakfast
    * Lunch
    * Veg Dinners 
    * Dinners
    * Biryani
    * Paratha
    * Kebab
    * Sandwiches
    * Desserts
    * Party Snacks
    * Dips
    * Kids

  * Features _+_

    * Food News
    * Kitchen Hacks
    * Health
    * Food Facts
    * Food Trips
    * Trending

  *  __Recipe Videos
  * Boardroom Kitchen

 __

Search

Advanced Search

ADD A RECIPE

Add a Recipe

 __

 _Add Food_ Add Food Recipe _Add Drink_ Add Beverage Recipe

__

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Wondering what to cook today? Sign up to get daily ideas on meals

Wondering what to cook today? Subscribe to get daily ideas on meals

Daily Newsletter

Editor's pick on the best recipes, articles and videos.

Weekly Newsletter

You have been successfully subscribed to the Food Newsletter

SUBSCRIBE

You can always unsubscribe later

By subscribing to newsletter, you acknowledge our privacy policy

 __

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Wondering what to cook today? Sign up to get daily ideas on meals

Wondering what to cook today? Subscribe to get daily ideas on meals

Daily Newsletter

Editor's pick on the best recipes, articles and videos.

Weekly Newsletter

We are sad to see you go!

You have been successfully unsubscribed from the Food Newsletter

SUBSCRIBE

Click here

to Unsubscribe

By subscribing to newsletter, you acknowledge our privacy policy

FoodBeverages __

  * Type __
  * Cuisines __
  * Courses& Meals __
  * Cooking Skills __
  * Cooking Time __
  * Cooking Method __
  * Dietary Restrictions __

  * Veg
  * Non veg 
  * Eggetarian 
  * Vegan 

Include

Exclude

  * North Indian 
  * South Indian 
  * Chinese 
  * Asian 
  * Italian 
  * Mughlai 
  * American 
  * Punjabi 
  * Mediterranean 
  * Mexican 
  * Gujarati 
  * Fusion 
  * Thai 
  * Sattvik 
  * Maharashtrian 
  * Rajasthani 
  * Malabar Cuisine 
  * Bengali 
  * Bihari 
  * Konkani 
  * Goan 
  * Kashmiri 
  * Vietnamese 
  * Middle Eastern 
  * Parsi 
  * French 
  * Australian 

  * Low Cal 
  * Gluten Free 
  * Diabetic 
  * Low Carb 
  * Low Cholestrol 
  * Weight loss 
  * Balanced Diet 
  * Zero Oil 
  * Low Sodium 
  * High Fiber 
  * Pregnancy 
  * Nursing 
  * High Protein 
  * Dairy Free 
  * Tree Nut Free 

  * Soups & Stews 
  * Appetizers 
  * Salads 
  * Dip 
  * Side Dishes 
  * Mains 
  * Dessert 
  * Cake 
  * Breakfast 
  * Brunch 
  * Lunch 
  * Tiffin 
  * Snacks 
  * High tea 
  * Sandwiches & Wraps 
  * Chaat 
  * Dinner 
  * Kids 

  * Baked 
  * Boiled 
  * BBQ 
  * Grilled 
  * Microwaved 
  * Tandoor 
  * No Cook 
  * Pan Fried 
  * Stir Fry 
  * Roasted 
  * Slow Cooked 
  * Deep Fried 
  * Steamed 
  * Smoked 
  * Sauteed 
  * Simmered 

  * Easy 
  * Intermediate 
  * Expert 

  * Within 30 min 
  * Within 1 hr 
  * Within 1.5 hr 
  * Within 2 hr 

  * Cocktail 
  * Non Alcoholic 

  * Base   
Alcohol

  * Category
  * By flavor   
profile

  * By flavor   
profile

  * Bitter 
  * Creamy 
  * Fruity 
  * Salty 
  * Sour 
  * Spicy 
  * Sweet 

**Liquors**

  * Beer 
  * Black Rum 
  * Brandy 
  * Bourbon Whiskey 
  * Gin 
  * Ginger Beer 
  * Irish Whiskey 
  * Malibu White Rum 
  * Port Wine 
  * Red Wine 
  * Scotch Whiskey 
  * Single Malt Whiskey 
  * Sloe Gin 
  * Tequilla 
  * Dry Vermouth 
  * Vodka 
  * White Rum 
  * Dry White Wine 

**Liqueurs**

  * Amaretto 
  * Apple Liqueur 
  * Baileys Irish Cream 
  * Bitters 
  * Cointreu 
  * Expresso Liqueur 
  * Ginger Liqueur 
  * Herbal Liqueur 
  * Kahlua 
  * Lemon Liqueur 
  * Limoncello 
  * Peach Schnapps 
  * Sweet Herbal Liqueur 
  * Triple Sec 
  * Whiskey Based Liqueur 

  * Bitter 
  * Creamy 
  * Fruity 
  * Salty 
  * Sour 
  * Spicy 
  * Sweet 

  * Coffees 
  * Juices 
  * Mocktails 
  * Shakes 
  * Smoothies 
  * Teas 

Clear AllApply Filters

  * Times Food
  * Recipes
  * Chilli Baby Corn

# Chilli Baby Corn Recipe

by TNN

Updated : Feb 26, 2021, 10:15 IST

Avg. Rating

0 Rate

Your Rating

 __Comments (4)

  * SHARE
  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Pinit
  * Print

  * Total Time35m
  * Prep Time10 m
  * Calories392

 __Bookmark __Add To Collection

 **Lighten up your evenings with Chilli Baby Corn. Follow this super easy
Chilli Baby Corn recipe with step by step instructions.  
**  
If you are a fan of baby corns, then you have to give this chilli baby corn
recipe a try. Ready in just 35 minutes, the chilli baby corn recipe will
become your favourite at once. Don't worry if you have not tried this recipe
before, as this easy chilli baby corn recipe with step by step instructions
will guide you. Try this baby corn appetiser recipe for your family and
friends on occasions like kitty party, pot luck and even for a game night.
This Chinese baby corn recipe is a delight for those who love spicy food and
will be liked by kids as well on birthday parties. Chilli Baby Corn starter
recipe is cooked by dipping halved baby corns in a batter of corn flour and a
melange of spices and then shallow fried. These shallow fried baby corns are
further cooked with capsicum, onions and garlic. You must try this easy recipe
at home and enjoy with your loved ones!  

Read moreRead less

## Ingredients of Chilli Baby Corn

4 Servings1 Serving2 Servings3 Servings4 Servings5 Servings6 Servings7
Servings8 Servings9 Servings10 Servings11 Servings12 Servings13 Servings14
Servings15 Servings16 Servings17 Servings18 Servings19 Servings20 Servings

  * 2 cup baby corn
  * 4 onion
  * 1 teaspoon garlic paste
  * 6 tablespoon vegetable oil

  * 1 capsicum (green pepper)
  * 1 teaspoon cumin seeds
  * salt as required

For Dough

  * 1 1/2 cup corn flour
  * 1 teaspoon black pepper

  * 1 teaspoon chilli powder

For Garnishing

  * 2 tablespoon spring onions

### How to make Chilli Baby Corn

  * #### Step 1 Chop the veggies & slice baby corns

Firstly, wash the baby corns under running water and keep them aside. Now
using a chopping board, finely chop onions, green chillies, and capsicum. You
can slice the baby corns as well.

  * ##### Step 2 Prepare the batter

Take a small bowl and put chilli powder, black pepper powder, one pinch of
salt, cornflour and water. Mix the ingredients well to get a batter of thin
consistency. Now dip the sliced baby corns in the batter and keep it aside.

  * ###### Step 3 Deep fry the baby corns, saute garlic & cumin seeds

Simultaneously, put a saucepan over medium flame and pour oil into it. Once
the oil is heated, put the baby corns in the pan and stir fry. On the other
hand, take another frying pan and heat a tablespoon of oil in it. Once heated,
add the chopped garlic and cumin seeds, and saute for a few seconds till the
raw fragrance goes away.

  * ###### Step 4 Add onions, capsicum & baby corns

Next, add finely chopped onions and capsicums in the pan, stir once and cover
the pan with a lid. Cook the capsicum and onions for a good 10-15 minutes.
Now, add baby corns and salt as per taste into the pan and cook for another 10
minutes.

  * ###### Step 5 Garnish and serve

Garnish your homemade Chilli Baby Corn with chopped spring onions and serve
hot! Do try this yummy recipe and make sure you like, rate and comment in the
section below.

##### Tips

  1. You can also add sauces as per your preference to the homemade chilli baby corn as you prefer.
  2. Feel free to garnish baby corns with chopped coriander or dil leaves.

Comments(4)

Rate this Recipe

12345

0

Your Rating has been successfully submitted.

Write a review (Optional)

(Tap and add)

  * Nice recipe
  * Will try out
  * Worth trying
  * Wonderful recipe
  * That's yummy
  * Looks delicious
  * I enjoyed this recipe
  * Helpful recipe

SubmitSubmit

  
  
  
Your Rating has been successfully submitted.

## SUBSCRIBE NOW

### Liked our recipe collection?

Subscribe to receive easy recipes in your inbox

Subscribe

By subscribing to newsletter, you acknowledge our privacy policy

Recipes you may like

  * Baby Corn Fritters

40m

  * Baby Corn Cutlet

30m

  * Baby Corn Fry

25m

  * Baby Corn Manchurian

35m

Related Recipe Videos

  * Watch: How to make Thai Veg Green Curry __

  * How to make Manchow Vegetable Soup __

  * Watch: How to make Wok Tossed Mushroom __

  * Watch: How to make Chilli Chicken __

  * How to make Crispy Vegetables in Chilly Basil Sauce __

Next Recipe

Promoted Stories

## SUBSCRIBE NOW

### Liked our recipe collection?

Subscribe to receive easy recipes in your inbox

Subscribe

By subscribing to newsletter, you acknowledge our privacy policy

Latest Recipes

  * Fried Masala Potatoes
  * Berry Ice Cream
  * Brazilian Lemonade
  * Indian Spicy Mocha

Featured Recipes

  * Rava Upma
  * Pink Sauce Pasta
  * Red Velvet Cookies
  * Indian-style Trail Mix
  * Chicken Cheese Sandwich

Popular Recipes

Mutton CurryPunjabi Mutton CurryChicken Biryani RecipeChristmas
MimosaChristmas PuddingRoasted TurkeyChristmas Stollen CakeChristmas
CakePaneer Chilli DryDark Chocolate CoffeeEggless Christmas CakeChocolate
Vanilla PuddingChicken Curry RecipeShahi Paneer RecipePav Bhaji RecipeAloo
Paratha Recipe

TIMES FOOD

FAQ's

Feedback

Authors

Terms and Conditions

Privacy Policy

About us

Contact us

Cookie Policy

Subscribe

RSS

Do Not Sell

Follow us on

  *   *   *   *   *   *   *   * 

Popular Picks

Muradabadi Chicken RecipeKeema recipeGluten Free FoodsVirgin Mojito
RecipeLemon Mint Juice RecipeKashmiri Kahwa RecipeAmla Juice RecipeLemon Grass
Juice RecipeChinese RecipesLemon Ginger Juice RecipeBlack Tea RecipeGobhi
Paratha RecipeGreek Salad recipeApple Shake RecipeGinger Tea Recipe

Popular Recipes

Kadhai Chicken RecipeAloo Paratha RecipeCold Coffee recipePuran Poli
RecipePalak Paneer RecipeRasgulla RecipeKhichdi RecipeGulab Jamun RecipeSamosa
recipeLemon Rice RecipeUpma RecipeVeg Biryani RecipeChicken 65 recipeSooji
Halwa RecipeChicken Manchurian Recipe

Recipe Videos

Aloo Paratha Recipe VideoChicken Biryani Recipe VideoPav Bhaji Recipe
VideoShahi Paneer Recipe VideoChicken Pizza Recipe VideoPaneer Biryani Recipe
VideoDiwali Cleaning TipsSamosa Recipe VideoPerfect Pasta TipsMethi Paratha
Recipe VideoGondh ke Laddoo Recipe VideoChicken Masala Recipe VideoAndhra
Mutton Roast Recipe VideoKerala Fish Recipe VideoNachos Pizza Recipe Video

Cuisines

Thai Food RecipesJain RecipesChinese RecipesAsian RecipesBengali Food
RecipesPunjabi RecipesMughlai RecipesItalian Food RecipesMexican RecipesNorth
Indian Food RecipesRajasthani RecipesSouth Indian RecipesContinental Food
RecipesSatvik Recipes

Courses & Meals

Salad RecipesDesserts & SweetsKebab RecipesParatha RecipesBiryani
RecipesDinner RecipesVeg DinnersLunch RecipesBreakfast RecipesVeg SnacksFinger
Food RecipesAppetizer RecipesSnack RecipesSoup Recipes

Healthy Meals

Diabetic RecipesLow Cholesterol RecipesCookiesDinner RecipesParatha
RecipesSalad RecipesSnack RecipesSoup RecipesParty Snacks RecipesDesserts &
SweetsSandwich RecipesKebab RecipesAppetizer RecipesVeg SnacksBreakfast
RecipesBiryani Recipes

Copyright 2022 Bennett coleman and co. ltd.All rights reserved.The Times of
India. | For reprint rights: Times syndication service

