https://www.cult.fit/live/recipe/chilli-baby-corn/RECIPE751


##### FITNESS

##### CARE

##### MIND

##### STORE

GET APP

  1. Home >
  2. Live >
  3. Recipe >
  4. Chilli Baby Corn

# Chilli Baby Corn

Time30 Min

DifficultyEasy

Serves2

A delicious starter is always a lovely way to begin a family lunch or dinner.
There is no better way to start a meal than with a delicacy like a plate full
of tempting Chilli Baby Corn in front that is too good to resist. The
ingredients for preparing this Chilli Baby Corn are many but are easily
available at home or in the nearby market. A plain Chilli Baby Corn
description is that it is a popula ... r starter or snack prepared with soft
and sweet sliced baby corn fried and topped with numerous fruits, vegetables
and tasty spices. This dish takes about half-an-hour to make. Nowadays, this
dish is a regular feature in most of the parties and functions in all regions
of India. It is also available during dinner time in hotels where north Indian
and Chinese cuisine is served. It is fast catching up internationally,
especially where large Indian and Chinese population is present like in south-
east Asia, the middle-east and many areas in the US and Europe. Preparing the
Chilli Baby Corn at Home is a pleasant experience as most people love it.
Learning how to make Baby Corn is not difficult and takes a few tries to gain
some expertise. Making Chilli Baby Corn Restaurant Style can be even more
exciting. This can be a special starter during small family gatherings. It has
unrestricted scope in terms of the usage of spices, vegetables and toppings to
try out, balancing the different spice tolerance levels of the gathering. All
people who love to cook different varieties of cuisines can find the short
Chilli Baby Corn video on the ‘cure fit’ website very interesting and useful.

READ MORE

Nutrition Info. (per serving)

ProteinFatCarbsFibre263 Cal263 Cal263 Cal263 Cal

  * 8gProtein

  * 7gFat

  * 39gCarbs

  * 14gFibre

## Ingredients

### Dry Grocery

Refined Oil

2 teaspoons

Dark Soy Sauce

1 teaspoon

Corn Flour

1 tablespoon

Atta

3 tablespoons

Red Dry Chilli Bydagi

6 pieces

Salt

1 teaspoon

Sesame White (til)

0.5 teaspoons

Jaggery Powder

1 teaspoon

### Fruits & Vegetables

Ginger

1 teaspoon

Baby Corn Peeled

200 g

Capsicum Green-regular

1 unit

Onion

1 unit

Spring Onion

6 g

Capsicum Red-regular

0.5 unit

### Other

Pepper

0.5 teaspoons

Garlic

5 pieces

Green Chillies

3 units

Water

0.5 cups

Lemon Juice

0.5 teaspoons

Directions

1

Fine chop the onion, garlic, ginger, spring onions and green chilli. Wash and
cut the baby corn into 1 inch diagonally cut pieces. Cut the green capsicum
and red bell pepper into thin long strips. Set aside.

2

In a mixing bowl add salt, black pepper crushed, 2 tablespoon whole wheat
flour, corn flour and enough water to combine all the ingredients. Add baby
corn and mix to evenly coat.

3

Heat a pan and grease with oil. Add the babycorn and cook till it turns
crispy.

4

Soak the dry red chilli in warm water for 15 minutes and drain the water.
Blend to make a fine paste.

5

Heat oil in a pan or wok. Add chopped onions, garlic, ginger and saute for a
few seconds. Then add green chilli, chilli paste. Add some water and simmer.
Add lemon juice, soy sauce, jaggery powder, pinch of black pepper and salt.
Mix it well. Check seasoning. The sauce should be of coating consistency.

6

Add thin cut capsicum and red bell pepper along with baby corn. Toss it over
high heat to combine. Check seasoning.

7

Place in the appropriate plate and garnish with chopped spring onion and
sesame seeds. Serve hot.

Health Benefits of Chilli Baby Corn

The Chilli Baby Corn benefits are many. Baby corns are regular sweet corns
picked before they are fully mature and hence, low in starch content. It is
tasty and a favourite of weight-conscious people and popular now even in the
western world. They are low in calories, rich in fibre, nutrients and folate,
excellent for digestion and eye-sight. All the other ingredients like
vegetables and spices that go into the dish are good for the health of an
individual. Chilli Baby Corn calorie count is around 260, a reasonable figure
despite the number of ingredients that go into its preparation. It is a
balanced combination of carbohydrates, proteins, fibre and fat.

READ MORE

## Success!

#### We hope you had fun making it! Enjoy the meal.

Top Searches

Online Fitness Classes

Weight Loss Exercise | Six Pack Abs | Cardio Exercise at Home | HIIT Workout
at Home | Belly Fat Exercises | Exercise For Kids at Home | Morning Exercises
at Home | Shoulder Workout at Home | Strength Training Exercises | Mobility
Exercises | Dance Exercises | Thigh Exercises at Home | Abs Workout at Home |
Back Exercises at Home | Chest Workout at Home | Butt Exercises at Home |
Split Exercise | Lean Body Workout | Short Workout | Exercise for Beginners |
Dumbbell Exercises | Stamina Increase Exercise

Mindfulness

Yoga Asanas | Yoga For Weight Loss | Kids Yoga | Surya Namaskar | OnlineYoga
Classes | Yoga For Beginners | Yoga Nidra | Music Meditation | Pranayam |
Bedtime Stories | Bedtime Stories For Kids | Mindfulness Meditation |
Meditation in Hindi | Sleep Meditation

Diagnostic Tests

Thyroid Test | Pregnancy Test | Full Body Checkup | Kidney Function Test |
Lipid Profile Test | Online Counselling

Healthy Recipes

Sambar Recipe | Masala For Dosa | Kadai Paneer Recipe | Neer Dosa | Manchow
Soup | Chicken Soup | Chilli Baby Corn | Homemade Protein Powder | Thukpa |
Paneer Masala | Chicken Keema | Badam Milk | Aloo Tikki Chaat | Moong Dal
Kachori | Homemade Protein Powder

Cult Gyms In India

Gyms In Delhi | Gyms In Mumbai | Gyms In Bangalore | Gyms In Pune | Gyms In
Chennai | Gyms In Hyderabad | Gyms In Jaipur | Gyms In Kolkata | Gyms In
Ahmedabad | Gyms In Chandigarh | Gyms In Indore | Gyms In Coimbatore | Gyms In
Surat | Gyms In Ludhiana | Gyms In Vizag | Gyms In Amritsar | Gyms In Mysore |
Gyms In Mangalore | Gyms In Kochi | Gyms In Jammu | Gym In Kharghar | Gym In
Bandra | Gym In Velachery | Gym In Chembur | Gym In Indiranagar | Gym In HSR
Layout | Swimming Pools Near Me | Outdoor Gyms | Football Training near me |
Zumba Classes Near Me | Boxing Classes Near Me | Gyms with Personal Trainer

Yoga Classes In India

Yoga Classes in Mumbai | Yoga Classes in Hyderabad | Yoga Classes in Delhi |
Yoga Classes in Chennai | Yoga Classes in Jaipur

At cult.fit, we make group workouts fun, daily food healthy & tasty, mental
fitness easy with yoga & meditation, Medical & lifestyle care hassle-
free.#BeBetterEveryDay

cult.fit for business

cult.fit franchise

corporate partnerships

cult pass network

t&c for business

partner.fit

blogs

security

careers

contact us

privacy policy

cult bmi calculator

terms & conditions

Related Searches

Bruschetta

Homemade Focaccia

Corn Bread

Apple Crumble

Chicken Bharta

Masala Idli

Matar Kulcha

Tawa Chicken

Tom Yum Soup

Cauliflower Crust Pizza

Aloo Tikki Burger

Boiled Egg Sandwich

Khara Bun

Whole Wheat Garlic Bread

Chilli Baby Corn

Kulcha Pizza

Dabeli

Multigrain Lavash

Healthy Pizza

Bread Cutlet

Bread Upma

Healthy Bread Pizza

Badaam Thandai

Corn Chaat

Makhana Kheer

Chicken Tikka Sandwich

Masala Egg Curry

Moong Daal Cheela

Paneer Korma

Chicken Hakka Noodles

Dahi Ke Kabab

Chilli Paneer

Kadai Paneer Recipe

Shahi Paneer

Sambar

Malai Kofta

Paneer Tikka Masala

Chicken Nuggets

Moong Dal Halwa

Paneer Masala

Chicken Fried Rice

Neer Dosa Recipe

Hara Bhara Kabab

Dhokla Making

Double Ka Meetha

Veg Cutlet

Amritsari Kulcha

Badam Milk

Bharwa Bhindi

Chicken Keema

Gatte Ki Sabzi

How To Make Sprouts

Paneer Roll

Poha Cutlet

Aloo Tikki Chaat

Anda Bhurji

Tamarind Rice

Granola Bar

Veg Hakka Noodles

Mattar Paneer

Gyms Near Me

Mindfulness

Exercise

Diagnostic Test

Online Yoga Classes

Surya Namaskar

Home Workout

