https://www.cookclickndevour.com/crispy-chilli-baby-corn-recipe/


  * About Me
  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Privacy policy

  *   *   *   * 

Cook Click N Devour!!!

Easy Vegetarian & Vegan Recipes For Everyone

  * About Me
  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Privacy policy

Home / Snacks and Starters Recipes / **Crispy Chilli Baby Corn Recipe | Baby
Corn Snacks**

Published: February 28, 2018 | Updated November 10, 2020 | By Harini

# Crispy Chilli Baby Corn Recipe | Baby Corn Snacks

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

 _ **Chilli baby corn recipe** - A very crispy baby corn starter recipe with
just very few ingredients. Chilli baby corn is one of the popular baby corn
snacks recipes from Indo chinese cuisine. Do try this out as snack or
starter!_

**Crispy chilli baby corn recipe** with step wise photos. Today I am sharing
an easy baby corn starter recipe with you all. This crispy chilli baby corn is
one of the popular baby corn snacks from Indo Chinese cuisine just like gobi
manchurian, baby corn manchurian, chilli potato, crispy corn recipes. Indo
chinese chilli recipes are especially popular among Indian street foods.

**This is a very easy recipe for crispy chilli baby corn**. Usually these kind
of starter recipes call for deep frying. But as you know me well that I always
opt for shallow frying whenever I can. Here also I have shallow fried the baby
corn in this easy baby corn recipe. Baby corn especially tastes very crunchy
even while shallow fried.

The main ingredient for crispness in this recipe is corn flour. You have to
use 3/4th amount of corn flour and 1/4th amount of all purpose flour/maida for
crispy baby corns. One more thing to note is you can make the sauce/masala
ahead and fry the baby corns too. Just toss them together before serving, this
makes the easy,perfect chilli baby corn recipe ðŸ™‚

### Tips for making best chilli baby corn recipe:

  1. The quantity of corn flour should not be reduced as it makes the baby corn very crispy.
  2. If you want to retain the crispiness of baby corn for a long then use rice flour instead of corn flour.
  3. All indo chinese chilli dish tastes good when made a bit spicier.

Making chilli baby corn recipe is easy with just few ingredients. You can
prepare this as snack or also as side dish for veg fried rice and noodles.
This snack is always a great hit especially with toddlers and kids. Further
more this crispy baby corn chilli will be a great party starter.

Here I have par boiled the baby corns for just 2-3 minutes **.** If you cook
for more time the baby corn will loose their crunchiness. The other
ingredients that go into the making of this easy baby corn recipe are the
usual fare, ginger,garlic,soy sauce,salt,pepper and sugar. Do try this simple
crispy chilli baby corn fry recipe and tell me how you liked it.

Finally if you are looking for easy **indo chinese recipes** do check ** idli
manchurian, chilli okra, chilli paneer recipes. **

## How to make chilli baby corn recipe - step by step directions:

1\. First of all peel and chop the baby corn into 1 inch pieces.

2\. Bring plenty of water in a vessel and par boil the cut baby corns for 3-4
minutes. Drain and wipe gently with a kitchen towel.

3\. Take maida,corn flour,pepper powder and salt in a mixing bowl. Add baby
corn pieces and mi well. Add just 1-2 tablespoons water for binding.

4\. Heat oil in a shallow frying pan and shallow fry the batter coated baby
corns till golden brown. Drain and set aside.

5\. In the same pan retain 2-3 teaspoons oil. Saute ginger and garlic till
nice aroma wafts out. Add green chillies and saute.

6\. Next add chopped spring onion whites and saute for 3-4 minutes.

7\. Then add the cubed bell peppers and saute for 3-4 minutes.

8\. Now add soy sauce,sugar,pepper powder and mix well . Cook in high flame
for 2-3 minutes.

9\. Finally add fried baby corns,toss well and serve crispy chilli baby corn
hot immediately.

If you've tried this chilli baby corn recipe or any other recipe on the blog
then don't forget to rate the recipe and let me know how you got on in the
comments below. I love hearing from you! You can also  **FOLLOW ME**  on
FACEBOOK, TWITTER, INSTAGRAM and PINTEREST to see more delicious food and
recipes.

## Chilli baby corn recipe details below:

## Chilli Baby Corn Recipe | Easy Baby Corn Recipes

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

Harini

Chilli baby corn recipe, learn how to make this simple,tasty,flavorful and
easy indo chinese starter recipe, crispy baby corns tossed in a sweet and
spicy sauce along with cubed bell peppers,one of the very easy baby corn
recipes.

5 from 2 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 10 mins

Cook Time 15 mins

Total Time 25 mins

Course starter

Cuisine Indo chinese

Servings 3

Calories 230 kcal

#### 1 CUP = 250 ml

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

#### For crispy baby corns:

  * â–¢ 10-12 baby corns
  * â–¢ 3/4 cup corn flour
  * â–¢ 1/4 cup all purpose flour
  * â–¢ 1/2 teaspoon pepper powder
  * â–¢ salt
  * â–¢ 1-2 tablespoons water
  * â–¢ Oil for shallow frying

#### For the sauce

  * â–¢ 1 medium green bell pepper cubed
  * â–¢ 1/4 cup spring onion whites finely chopped
  * â–¢ 1/2 teaspoon grated ginger-garlic
  * â–¢ 2 green chillies slit
  * â–¢ 1/2 teaspoon soy sauce
  * â–¢ 1/2 teaspoon pepper powder
  * â–¢ 1/2 teaspoon sugar
  * â–¢ salt
  * â–¢ spring onion greens for garnishing
  * â–¢ 2-3 teaspoons oil

### Instructions



  *  **For crispy baby corns**

  * Peel and chop the baby corns into 1 inch pieces.

  * Par boil the chopped baby corns for 3-4 minutes.

  * Drain and wipe gently with a kitchen towel.

  * Heat oil for shallow frying.

  * Take both the flours,salt and pepper in a mixing bowl. Mix well and add the cut baby corns.

  * Shallow fry the batter coated baby corns in hot oil until golden brown. Drain and set aside till we make the sauce.

  *  **For the sauce:**

  * In the same pan remove excess oil retaining 2-3 teaspoons of oil

  * Add the crushed ginger garlic and saute for 3-4 minutes

  * Add the spring onion whites and saute for 4-5 minutes.

  * Add the cubed bell pepper and saute well in high flame for 3-4 minutes.

  * Add soy sauce,salt,sugar,pepper powder and mix well.Cook for 3-4 minutes.

  * Add the fried baby corns and toss well.

  * Garnish with spring onion greens .

  * Serve crispy chilli baby corn immediately.

### Notes

1\. You can 2 teaspoons tomato sauce along with soy sauce for more sweet
taste.  
2\. You can deep fry the baby corns too.  
3\. You can use rice flour instead of corn flour.

### Nutrition

Calories: 230kcalCarbohydrates: 47gProtein: 2gFat: 3gSodium: 59mgPotassium:
94mgFiber: 1gSugar: 2gVitamin A: 390IUVitamin C: 2.4mgIron: 0.8mg

Tried this recipe? Snap a pic and share ðŸ™‚Mention cookclickndevou or tag
cookclickndevour



347 shares

  * Share22
  * Pin312
  * Yummly
  * Flipboard
  * Twitter

Shared by Harini

#### About Harini

I am Harini. The recipe developer, food photographer and chef behind cook
click n devour. My aim behind this blog is to provide easy, tried and tested
recipes that beginners can cook with confidence. I took keen interest in
cooking and took courses on cooking, baking during teens purely out of
passion. With a decade of cooking experience I am glad to share my recipes and
culinary knowledge with you all here. Stay tuned and happy cooking!  
Harini :)

### Comments

  1. Akansha says

January 8, 2018 at 12:19 pm

  
Love this easy crispy chili baby corn recipe. I love indo chinese recipes.

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

#### Hello, I am Harini

The chef, author and photograper of cook click n devour. Here you'll find
tried & tested vegetarian recipes with step by step photos and videos to make
cooking a pleasure and fulfilling experience. Happy cooking!

Read More

#### Popular Recipes

#### As Seen In

AboutContactPrivacy

Copyright Â©2022, Cook Click N Devour!!!. All Rights Reserved.

