https://food.ndtv.com/recipe-chilli-baby-corn-955764


menuarrow-downredditsnapchattwitterfacebookcommentsemailprintersearchbelltop-
nav

  * NDTV
  * हिंदी न्यूज़
  * BUSINESS
  * MOVIES
  * CRICKET
  * TECH
  * FOOD
  * CRYPTOnew
  * WEB STORIES
  * EDUCATION
  * AUTO
  * SWASTH
  * LIFESTYLE
  * HEALTH
  * SHOPPING
  * ART

Advertisement

Eng

  * Select Languages
  * हिंदी | Hindi

  * monsoon 2022 

    * Monsoon Low-Cal Diet
    * Monsoon Skin Care
    * Monsoon Drinks
    * Monsoon Snacks
    * Weight Loss

  * Features 

    * Food News
    * cooking Tips
    * Opinions
    * World Cuisine
    * Food & Drinks
    * Festivals
    * Restaurant Review
    * Facts
    * Best Recipes
    * Funny Side Up

  * Recipes 

    * Healthy Recipes
    * Snacks Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Meat Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Rice Recipes
    * Bread Recipes
    * Desserts
    * Dinner Recipes
    * Festivals
    * Kids Recipes
    * Winter Recipes
    * Breakfast Recipes
    * हिन्दी रेसिपीज़

  * Web Stories 
  * Recipe Videos 
  * Health 

    * Diabetes
    * Healthy Living
    * Yoga Benefits
    * Weight Loss
    * Fitness Tips
    * Quick Tips
    * Cholesterol Control
    * Heart Health
    * Ayurvedic Tips
    * Men's Health
    * Women's Health

  * Home Remedies 

Dark / Light mode

Search Recipes

Search

Chilli Baby Corn

facebook

twitter

reddit

Snapchat

Kooapp

Settings

  * Change Font Size 

AAA

  * Change Language 

हिंदी | Hindi

  * Focus on Story
  * 

RecipesSnacks Chilli Baby Corn

Story ProgressBack to home

# Chilli Baby Corn Recipe

  * NDTV Food 

  * Review 

  * Overview
  * Cook Time
  * Ingredients
  * Method

How to make Chilli Baby Corn

If you are a fan of baby corn, then you must try this chili baby corn recipe.
Ready in just 30 minutes, the chili baby corn recipe will instantly become
your favorite.

  * Total Cook Time 30 mins 

  * Prep Time 15 mins 

  * Cook Time 15 mins 

  * Recipe Servings2

###  **Ingredients of Chilli Baby Corn**

  * For batter:
  * 4 tbsp Flour
  * 4 tbsp Cornstarch
  * 1/2 tsp Salt
  * 4 tbsp Water
  * 20 Babycorn
  * Oil for frying
  * For Sauce:
  * 1 tbsp Oil
  * 1/2 cup Spring Onion
  * 2 tsp Finely chopped garlic
  * 2 tsp Finely chopped ginger
  * 2 to 3 green chilies – slit or sliced
  * 1/3 cup Thinly sliced or finely chopped capsicum
  * 1/3 cup Soya Sauce
  * 1 tsp Green chilli sauce
  * 1/4 tsp Pepper
  * 1 tsp Sugar
  * Salt as required

## How to Make Chilli Baby Corn

HideShow Media

1.

Rinse and dry the baby corn with kitchen towel. Chop the baby corn in halves
if they are larger in size or keep them whole if they are smaller.

2.

Prep the spring onions, garlic, green chillies, ginger, capsicum and set
aside.

3.

Make a smooth and medium thick batter with the cornstarch (cornflour), all
purpose flour, salt, pepper and water.

4.

Heat the oil in a wok or frying pan. Dip each baby corn piece in the batter
and coat it well with the batter.

5.

Gently place the batter coated baby corn pieces in the hot oil. When one side
firms up and is crispy, light golden, turn over and fry the second side.

6.

Fry the baby corn till the edges and sides are golden brown turning over a
couple of times with a slotted spoon.

7.

Place the fried baby corn on kitchen paper towels.

### For Sauce:

1.

In another pan or frying pan or wok, heat about 1 tablespoon oil. Or you could
use the same pan that was used for frying the baby corn – keeping 1 tablespoon
oil in it, remove the remaining oil with a spoon.

2.

Add chopped spring onions, ginger, garlic and slit green chilies.

3.

Stir fry on a medium-high heat for 1 to 2 minutes. Now add the sliced capsicum
(green bell pepper). If you do not have capsicum, you can skip it

4.

Stir-fry on medium-high heat for 3 to 4 minutes until the capsicum is half
cooked. It should have some crunch.

5.

Lower the heat to medium and add the soy sauce, sweet green chilli sauce or
sweet red chilli sauce. Mix well.

6.

Now sprinkle black pepper powder, salt and sugar. Mix again.

### For Chilli Baby Corn

1.

Add the fried baby corn. Gently mix with the rest of the ingredients. You
could stop here if you prefer a highly crispy and crunchy baby corn texture.
But if you want a smooth glazed sauce coating on the baby corn then proceed to
the following steps.

2.

Add 2 to 3 tablespoons water and mix again. To give a glaze and smoothness in
the dish, sprinkle about 1 teaspoon of cornstarch (cornflour).

3.

Mix well and cook for 1 to 2 minutes or more till the cornstarch has cooked.
Check the taste and add salt, pepper or soy sauce if required.

4.

Serve the baby corn garnished with some spring onion greens or chopped celery.

5.

You can serve chilli baby corn as a starter snack or with bread or as a side
with stir fried noodles or fried rice.

Key Ingredients: For batter:, Flour, Cornstarch, Salt, Water, Babycorn, Oil
for frying, For Sauce:, Oil, Spring Onion, Finely chopped garlic, Finely
chopped ginger, 2 to 3 green chilies – slit or sliced, Thinly sliced or finely
chopped capsicum, Soya Sauce, Green chilli sauce, Pepper, Sugar, Salt as
required

Tags:

  * Baby Corn
  * Chilli Baby Corn Recipe

5

Share Recipe

Share Recipe

  * Facebook 
  * Twitter 
  * Reddit 
  * Snapchat 

### Related Recipes

  * Baby Corn Fingers

  * Escabeche

  * Broccoli, Babycorn and Colourful Pasta Salad

  * Baby Corn Fritters

* * *

### Trending News

  * Genelia D'Souza Had A Sumptuous Tiramisu This Weekend

top-nav

Advertisement

Our Best Recipes

  * 15 Best Vegetarian Chinese Recipes| Easy Chinese Recipes

  * 17 Best Punjabi Recipes | Easy Punjabi Recipes

  * Top 17 Veg Recipes Under 30 Minutes | Quick Veg Recipes

  * 17 Best Vegetarian Dinner Recipes| 17 Easy Dinner Recipes

  * 15 Best Mushroom Recipes | Easy Mushroom Recipes

Advertisement

Advertisement

Trending Links

  * Weight Loss
  * Cooking Tips
  * Food News

Social Share

facebook

twitter

Instagram

Health

  * Weight Loss
  * Diabetes Diet
  * Keto Diet
  * Depression
  * Low Blood Pressure
  * Healthy Food
  * Digestion
  * Headaches

Beauty

  * Aloe Vera
  * Rose Water
  * Hair Growth
  * Dry Skin
  * Dandruff
  * Face Packs
  * Beauty Tips
  * Acne

Veg Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes
  * Salad Recipes
  * Paneer Recipes
  * Mushroom Recipes
  * Soya Recipes
  * Dal Recipes
  * Cabbage Recipes
  * Beetroot Recipes
  * Snacks Recipes

Summer Special

  * Summer Recipes
  * Summer Foods
  * Summer Drinks
  * Benefits of Curd
  * Skin Care Tips
  * Face Care Tips
  * Smoothie Recipe
  * Phirni Recipe

Indian Recipes

Chicken RecipesChicken CurryMutton RecipesBiryani RecipesButter ChickenDinner
RecipesBreakfast RecipesPav Bhaji

This website follows the DNPA Code of Ethics

© 2022. NDTV Convergence, All Rights Reserved.

  * Privacy Policy
  * About Us
  * Feedback
  * Author
  * Contact Us

Language

  * Select Languages
  * हिंदी | Hindi

Dark / Light mode

Search

  * Monsoon 2022

    * Monsoon Low-Cal Diet
    * Monsoon Skin Care
    * Monsoon Drinks
    * Monsoon Snacks
    * Weight Loss

  * Features

    * Recipes
    * Drinks Recipes
    * Features
    * Web Stories
    * Recipe Videos
    * Health
    * Home Remedies
    * Our Team
    * Nutritionists Speak
  * More from NDTV

    * NDTV
    * हिंदी न्यूज़
    * BUSINESS
    * MOVIES
    * CRICKET
    * TECH
    * FOOD
    * CRYPTO
    * WEB STORIES
    * EDUCATION
    * AUTO
    * SWASTH
    * LIFESTYLE
    * HEALTH
    * SHOPPING
    * ART

arrow-rgtarrow-nextarrow-upclosereddit-fillsnapchat-filltwitter-fillfacebook-
fillwhatsapp-fillsharecogstarbookzapleft-arrowbookmarkright-arrow

