https://cafeuppercrust.com/crispy-chili-baby-corn-recipe/


Primary Menu

  * Home
  * About Us
  * ORDER ONLINE
  * MENU
    * RESTAURANT MENU
    * BAKERY MENU
  * Contact

Generic selectors

Exact matches only

Exact matches only

Search in title

Search in title

Search in content

Search in content

Search in excerpt

Hidden

____

#  Crispy Chili Baby Corn Recipe

Home Recipes Crispy Chili Baby Corn Recipe

  

By admin Recipes

Today’s recipe guide featuring **Crispy Chili Baby Corn**. It is a crispy,
spicy pan-fried baby corn and a semi-dry recipe for snacks or starters. Coming
from our experts of The **Best Restaurant in Ahmedabad, Café Upper crust.
**Chili Baby Corn will brighten up the evenings. If you like baby corn you
must try **Crispy Chili Baby Corn** recipe.

 **Crispy Chili Baby Corn** recipe serves 6 people. Prep time – 10 minutes,
Total time - 35 minutes. **** Follow this super easy Chili Baby Corn recipe
with step-by-step instructions.

#### Crispy Chili Baby Corn

 ****

######  **Ingredients of Chili Baby Corn**

  * 3 cup baby corn
  * 6 onion
  * 1 and 1/2 teaspoon garlic paste
  * 1/2 cup and 3 teaspoon vegetable oil
  * 1 and 1/2 capsicum (green pepper)
  * 1 and 1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds
  * salt As required

######  **Ingredients for Dough**

  * 2 and 1/4 cup cornflour
  * 1 and 1/2 teaspoon black pepper
  * 1 and 1/2 teaspoon chili powder

######  **Ingredients for Garnishing**

  * 3 tablespoon spring onions

######  **Instructions**

 **Step – 1:** Prepare the vegetables and baby corn by cutting them and
slicing them. To begin, thoroughly wash the baby corns and set them aside.
Finely cut the tomatoes, green chilies, and capsicum. Baby corns may also be
diced.

 **Step – 2:** Prepare the batter put the chili powder, black pepper powder,
one pinch of salt, cornflour, and water in a small cup. To make a thin batter,
mix all of the ingredients thoroughly. In a separate bowl, dip the cut baby
corns in the batter and set them aside.

 **Step – 3:** Deep-fried the baby corns, then sauté the garlic and cumin in a
pan. Simultaneously, heat the oil in a saucepan over low heat. When the oil is
hot, add the baby corns and stir fry them. On the other side, heat a
tablespoon of oil in a separate frying pan. When the pan is hot, add the
chopped garlic and cumin seeds and cook for a few seconds, or until the raw
aroma fades.

 **Step – 4:** Then, in the same pan, add finely chopped onions and capsicums,
whisk once, and cover with a lid. Cook for a decent 10-15 minutes with the
capsicum and onions. Cook for another 10 minutes after adding the baby corns
and salt to taste.  
 **Step – 5:** Serve your homemade **Crispy Chili Baby Corn** , garnished with
chopped spring onions. Please try this delicious recipe and leave a like,
rating, and message in the section below.

In Conclusion, **Café Uppercrust**recipes are intended to be simple and easy-
to-cook recipes at your home. Such out of cooking and baking may vary from
experienced chefs and **Café Uppercrust** recipes. At the time of writing
these posts, these recipes may or may not be accessible at our eatery
locations.

best bakery in ahmedabadbest restaurant Ahmedabadcafe near mecakeshopnearby
non veg restaurant

____________

admin / About Author

More posts by admin

## Related Posts

Curried Parmesan Fish Fingers

Today featuring Curried Parmesan Fish Fingers Recipe. “Keema Samosa is the
amazingly liked snack in India. Also, Fish Fingers are…

17 May 2021

Cinnamon Roll Cookies Recipe

When you don't have even an inch of time, these easy-to-make, kid-friendly
homemade cinnamon roll cookies are tiny, adorable, and…

06 Dec 2019

Chocolate Chip Cookies

Get ready to make your own chocolate chip cookie just like it is available in
the best bakery in Ahmedabad….

18 Jan 2022

50: Herbed Chicken Marsala Recipe

From our Experts at The Best Bakery in Ahmedabad, Café Upper’s kitchen, a
mischievous and delightful something to make for…

07 Oct 2020

Easy and Quickest Creamy Broccoli Pasta

Today featuring Creamy Broccoli Pasta Recipe. From our Experts of The Best
Restaurant in Ahmedabad, Café Upper crust kitchen, a mischievous…

29 Dec 2020

Devil's Food Cake Recipe

From our Experts at The Best Bakery in Ahmedabad, Café Upper’s kitchen, a
sweet something to make for your kids…

13 Mar 2020

Mini Cheese Balls Recipe

From our experts at The Best Bakery in Ahmedabad, Café Upper’s kitchen, —
surely you’re looking at some way to…

07 Jan 2020

Classic Chocolate Pudding For Dessert

From our Experts at The Best Bakery in Ahmedabad, Café Upper’s kitchen, a
mischievous and delightful something to make for your kids…

14 Dec 2020

Spicy Bombay Potatoes

Today featuring Spicy Bombay Potatoes, plain dry potato curry made with
potatoes, turmeric, cumin, and red chili powder (a version…

13 Apr 2021

MAWA CAKE RECEIPE

The season of festivals calls for delicious dishes and recipes. Sweets are
indeed the sign that festive seasons are here….

25 Aug 2021

How to make Delicious Butter pie with Apples & Cheese

The Best Restaurant in Ahmedabad, Café Upper Crust, brings you heavenly
titbits to dig into! Frankly, nothing we feel can…

18 Sep 2019

No-Bake Chocolate-Peanut Butter Cookies Recipe

From our Experts at The Best Bakery in Ahmedabad, Café Upper’s kitchen, a
mischievous and delightful something to make for…

09 Apr 2020

Garlic Roasted Potatoes Recipe

From our Experts at The Best Bakery in Ahmedabad, Café Upper’s kitchen, a
mischievous and delightful something to make for…

26 Mar 2020

Mini Christmas Cakes Recipe

From our experts at The Best Bakery in Ahmedabad, Café Upper’s kitchen, — The
Perfect way to Celebrate this Festive…

12 Dec 2019

Blackberry & Orange Cake

Enjoy the delicious dessert just like it is available in the best bakery in
ahmedabad at your home. Make blackberry…

03 Jan 2022





Upper Crust's name takes Inspiration from the OVEN-BAKED Products having a
crispy upper layer. Started on April 1st ,1989by Lester D'souza.

 **T** :  +91 95102 22000

 **E** :  contact@cafeuppercrust.com

Upper Crust



Recommended

Restaurant Guru 2022

### Quick Links

  * Bakery Menu
  * Restaurant Menu
  * Order Online
  * Contact
  * Catering
  * Sitemap

### Blog

  * Hyderabadi Kheema

February 25, 2022

  * Chicken Biryani Recipe

September 13, 2021

  * Chicken Wings With Bhuna Masala

September 9, 2021

____

2019 (C) Copyrights Cafe Upper Crust.

