https://flavorite.net/black-pepper-garlic-chicken/


  * __

Newest

  *  __

Popular

  *  __ Home
  * Breakfast
  * Dessert
  * Sidedish
  *   * Legal
    * Disclaimer
    * Privacy Policy
    * Terms of Service

  *  __
  *  __

# Black Pepper-Garlic Chicken

__Pin 2.4K

 __Share 28

 __Email

2.5K Shares

  
  

This Black Pepper-Garlic Chicken i one on my favorite Stir-fry recipes,
inspired by Black Pepper Chicken served at Panda Express Restaurants.  The
savory sauce took a bit of tinkering, but I think this copycat version is
really close… and it's delicious, too!

  
  

## Black Pepper-Garlic Chicken

_Yield:_ About 4 servings

Here's one on my favorite Stir-fry recipes, inspired by Black Pepper Chicken
served at Panda Express Restaurants. The savory sauce took a bit of tinkering,
but I think this copycat version is really close… and it's delicious, too!

Print

### Ingredients

#### For the chicken:

  * 1 lb boneless, skinless Chicken meat, cut into thin strips
  * 2 teaspoons Rice Wine (Saki) or Seasoned Rice Vinegar
  * 1 large egg white
  * 1 Tablespoon cornstarch
  * 1/4 teaspoon salt
  * 2 Tablespoons Canola or Peanut Oil- divided
  * Water

#### For the stiry fry:

  * 2 cups thinly sliced Celery
  * 1/2 cup thinly sliced Onion- red or yellow
  * 1/2 cup sliced Green onions
  * 1-2 teaspoons chopped garlic
  * 2 Tablespoons Canola or Peanut Oil for frying
  * Sesame Seeds for garnish- optional

#### Sauce Ingredients:

  * 1/4 cup Oyster sauce
  * 2 teaspoons Soy Sauce
  * 1 teaspoon Black Pepper (to taste)
  * 2-3 teaspoons mild Molasses or honey (to taste)
  * 1 teaspoon Rice Vinegar or Rice Wine (Sake)
  * 1/2 teaspoon Sesame Oil

* * *

* * *

### Instructions

#### Prepare the chicken:

  1. Whisk the egg white, cornstarch, rice wine, salt and 1 Tablespoon of oil in a medium bowl until smooth.
  2. Add the sliced chicken and stir until coated.
  3. Refrigerate (marinate) 30 minutes. Drain in colander.
  4. Add 1-2 inches of water plus 1 Tablespoon oil to the skillet. Bring to a full boil over high heat.
  5. Reduce the heat to medium-low. Immediately add chicken strips, individually, to the almost-boiling water. Stir with slotted spoon so they don't stick together.
  6. Once the water comes back to a barely-bubbling simmer, cook the chicken strips for 1 minute longer, stirring occasionally.
  7. After 1 minute, remove the chicken with a slotted spoon into the colander to fully drain.
  8. Put the drained strips into bowl and cover with plastic wrap.

#### Stir fry time:

  1. Stir all of the sauce ingredients together in a small bowl, allowing about 10-15 minutes for the flavors to mingle/mature while you slice the vegetables. Before stir-frying, taste the sauce and adjust the heat and sweetness as desired. Set aside.
  2. Heat 2 Tablespoons oil in a large skillet or wok over medium-high heat until almost smoking.
  3. Add the sliced red/yellow onions to the skillet, stirring constantly for about one minute. At this point, your skillet has cooled down significantly. Crank the heat up to high if neccessary.
  4. Add the sliced celery, green onions and chopped garlic to the skillet. Stir constantly for 1-2 minutes until the celery is tender-crisp.
  5. Add the stir-fry sauce. Heat and stir until the sauce is bubbling hot.
  6. Add the velveted chicken, reduce the heat to medium and stir to coat. Let the chicken heat through, about 1-2 minutes longer.
  7. Serve over prepared Basmati or Jasmine Rice. Garnish with sesame seeds and additional sliced green onions as desired.

###### Nutrition Information

Yield 4 Serving Size 1  
_Amount Per Serving_ Calories 601Total Fat 31gSaturated Fat 7gTrans Fat
0gUnsaturated Fat 21gCholesterol 173mgSodium 955mgCarbohydrates 23gFiber
3gSugar 11gProtein 45g

 _Nutrition data was provided and calculated by Nutritionix, and should only
be used as a general guideline. This information is provided as a courtesy and
there is no guarantee that the information will be completely accurate._

(C) Flavorite

**Category:** Entree,Dinner

  
  

This recipe was originally posted by bajablue on instructibles.com, as a 2
part article. We combined them into one single recipe to make things easier.

You can see the two individual posts by clicking here (for the chicken) or
here (for the stir fry portion).

Recipe and Photo Courtesy of bajablue on Instructables.com / CC BY-NC-SA

__Pin 2.4K

 __Share 28

 __Email

2.5K Shares

Article Tags:

celery * chicken * cornstarch * egg white * Garlic * green onions * molasses *
oil * onion * oyster sauce * saki * sesame oil * sesame seeds * Soy Sauce

Article Categories:

Asian * Poultry

### Related Articles

  * 1

#### Chinese-Style Lemon Chicken

  * 2

#### Kung Pao Chicken

  * 3

#### Thai-Spicy Tangy Chicken

  * 4

#### Orange and Mustard Chicken

### Leave a Reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

### Trending Recipes

### Categories

CategoriesSelect
CategoryAppetizerAsianBBQBeefBreadBreakfastBrowniesCajunCakeCandyCasseroleCheesecakeComfort
FoodCookiesCopycatCupcakesDessertDipDrinksEasterEntree,DinnerFrenchFruitFusionGermanGluten
FreeGreekHawaiianHealthyHolidayIce CreamItalianKid FriendlyLeftoversMain
DishMexicanMixed DrinksParty
FoodPastaPiePizzaPorkPotatoPoultryPumpkinSaladSandwichSauceSeafoodShellfishSidedishSlow
CookerSoupSouthernSouthwestStewTacosTailgateTailgatingThaiThanksgivingUncategorizedVegetarian

### Popular Ingredients

bacon basil Bell Pepper brown sugar butter cheddar cheese chicken chicken
breasts chicken broth chocolate chocolate chips Cilantro cinnamon cocoa powder
Cream cheese egg Eggs flour Garlic garlic powder Ginger graham crackers ground
beef Heavy Cream honey lemon juice mayonnaise milk Mozzarella cheese mushrooms
nutmeg onion oregano Paprika Parmesan cheese parsley potatoes Sour Cream Soy
Sauce strawberries sugar thyme tomatoes Vanilla vanilla extract

  
  
  
  

### Recent Comments

  * Carol on Stuffed Peppers
  * Danielle on Copycat Olive Garden Breadsticks
  * Aurora on Copycat Olive Garden Breadsticks
  * Flavorite on Italian Meatloaf
  * Donna M. on Italian Meatloaf

### Trending Recipes

### Most Shared

 **Old Fashioned Chocolate Buttermilk Cake** 649.6K Total Shares

 **Italian Meatloaf** 499.2K Total Shares

 **Cheesy Hamburger Casserole** 497.1K Total Shares

  * Home
  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms of Service
  * Disclaimer

Copyright © 2020 - Flavorite.net

__

Skip to Recipe

2.5K Shares

 __Pin 2.4K

 __Share 28

 __Email

