https://www.thetakeiteasychef.com/garlic-chicken-recipe


### Follow us

  * facebook
  * twitter
  * instagram
  * pinterest
  * google

  * Indian Cuisine
    * Karnataka
    * Kerala
    * Goan
    * Indian
    * South Indian
  * Asian Cuisine
    * Asian
    * Burmese
    * Chinese
    * Korean
  * International Cuisine
    * American
    * British
    * Continental
    * English
    * Global
    * Italian
    * Morroccan

The take it easy chef

  * Home
  * About Me
  * Starters
  * Main Course
  * Desserts
  * More
    * Kitchen Tips & Tricks
    * Wraps
    * Pickles
    * Salads
    * Breakfast
  * Recipe Index

  * Home
  * About Me
  * Starters
  * Main Course
  * Desserts
  * More
    * Kitchen Tips & Tricks
    * Wraps
    * Pickles
    * Salads
    * Breakfast
  * Recipe Index

  * Home
  * About Me
  * Starters
  * Main Course
  * Desserts
  * More
    * Kitchen Tips & Tricks
    * Wraps
    * Pickles
    * Salads
    * Breakfast
  * Recipe Index

Home » Garlic Chicken

# Garlic Chicken

in easy, Main Course, Starters

Jump to Recipe \- Print Recipe

> Simple ingredients, an honest plate of food - this garlic chicken is finger-
> licking good! This is the sort of food that will be a sure-shot party hit!

Succulent chunks of chicken coated in a sticky base of flavours - it is all
subtle, yet finely balanced with a lot of garlic (without overdoing it), a
dash of vinegar, a pinch of sugar, a hint of chillies. You want to go back to
that plate again and again!

> How often do you come across a great tasting plate of food that is easy to
> cook, without resorting to deep-frying in oil? Do you have a 'comfort food'
> that doesn't guilt trip you later? This garlic chicken is one such recipe.

Bite size pieces of chicken marinated with crushed garlic, dry chillies,
vinegar, and salt; cooked with onion and tomatoes, and finished off with green
chillies for an extra kick; this is a wonderfully balanced blend of flavours.
It has got a little bit of everything - a nice heat from the chillies, tangy
sweetness from the onion-tomato paste, and a subtle hint of vinegar. Add some
freshly chopped spring onions (this is optional) and you have one more flavour
to complete this delicious chicken dish.

### About this garlic chicken

 _Succulent, flavourful garlic chicken_

Cooking this recipe will not take much time, but the marination does require
time. You can skip it if you are in a rush, but for best results, let time do
its magic!

I usually recommend serving piping hot straight from the stove. With this
garlic chicken, we have observed at home that it is ideal to let it sit for a
couple of hours (or even more). That will give the sticky, sauce-like base to
incorporate the wonderful flavours to the chicken.

If you liked this recipe, check out the following recipes that might be of
interest to you.

  * Black Pepper Chicken
  * Chicken Chinthamani
  * Honey Fried Chicken
  * Chicken Ularthiyathu

Print Recipe

5 from 2 votes

## Garlic Chicken

Bite size pieces of chicken marinated with crushed garlic, dry chillies, salt
and vinegar; cooked with onion and tomatoes, and finished off with green
chillies for an extra kick; this is a wonderfully balanced blend of flavours.
Simple ingredients, honest plate of food - this is finger-lickin' good! This
is the sort of food that's a sure shot party hit!

Prep Time10 mins

Cook Time40 mins

Marination30 mins

Total Time1 hr 20 mins

Course: Appetizer

Cuisine: Indian

Servings: 4 helping

### Ingredients

  * 500 grams chicken small pieces
  * 3 tablespoons garlic finely chopped
  * 2 medium onions finely chopped
  * 1 small tomato finely chopped
  * 1 tablespoon crushed dry chillies
  * 2 green chillies thinly sliced
  * 1 tablespoon vinegar
  * to taste salt
  * 1/2 teaspoon sugar
  * spring onions optional

### Instructions

  * Finely chop onions, tomato, and garlic.

  * Lightly crush the garlic. Marinate the chicken pieces with the crushed dry chillies, vinegar, garlic and salt. 

  * Mix well, and let it sit for an hour. You can skip the marination, but to get all the great flavours of garlic, you SHOULD marinate.

  * Heat some oil in a thick-bottomed pan. Add chopped onions and cook on a medium flame while stirring occasionally.

  * Sweat the onions till they are tender and cooked well. When the onions start turning brown, add the chopped tomatoes, and cook further.

  * Cook on a low flame till the onion and tomato mix reach a thick paste like consistency. Add salt, sugar, and 3 tablespoons of water. 

  * Combine well. Switch off when the water start to disappear. 

  * Transfer the contents to a bowl.

  * Use the same pan, add a little oil, and braise the marinated chicken on a high flame. 

  * Stir occasionally and fry for a couple of minutes. Lower the flame, and cook with the lid closed for about 10 minutes.

  * Open the lid, add the onion-tomato paste back to the pan, mix well, and cook on a low flame.

  * Add salt if required. Cook till chicken pieces is evenly coated. Add the chopped green chillies, and a tablespoon of finely chopped spring onions. 

  * Combine well. Cook for a couple of minutes, and switch off.

  * Garnish with spring onions, and serve hot. 

  * You can enjoy this garlic chicken on its own, or with some fragrant rice. 

  * Recommendation: For best results, serve 4-5 hours after cooking. This will help the flavours to develop further. Heat it up in a pan just before serving.

### Related Posts:

  * Black Pepper Chicken
  * Chicken Chinthamani
  * Easy Honey Fried Chicken

### Share this!

  * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
  * Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
  * Click to print (Opens in new window)
  * 

###  _Related_

#### Tags

chicken starters garlic chicken indo-chinese

### 10 Comments

  1. pk

April, 2022 at 9:01 pm  *  Reply

smple bt nt spcl

    * The Take It Easy Chef

May, 2022 at 11:33 am  *  Reply

Thank you, PK!

  2. Eshita

December, 2020 at 3:54 pm  *  Reply

  
It tasted yum!

    * The Take It Easy Chef

December, 2020 at 10:35 pm  *  Reply

Thank you very much, Eshita. 🙂

  3. Meftab Ara Rahman.

June, 2020 at 8:15 pm  *  Reply

  
It's a very good and delicious recipe. And also easy to prepare. I like to
cook it.

    * The Take It Easy Chef

July, 2020 at 3:01 pm  *  Reply

Thank you very much for the generous feedback, Meftab!

  4. Swetlima Kashyap

April, 2020 at 12:59 am  *  Reply

The recipe shared is really good n easy to make. It tastes just perfect. Thanx
for a wonderful recipe

    * The Take It Easy Chef

May, 2020 at 12:04 am  *  Reply

Hi Swetlima, I am delighted to hear that! Thank you for trying out my recipe.
🙂

  5. KARTHIKEYAN Gandhirajan

May, 2018 at 7:29 am  *  Reply

Garlic chicken is really good,and chicken tastes good of taken after 4 hours,  
If you know the secret of cake like eating experience (eating chicken) ie _the
tenderness of it without going rubbery please share it.I based on the first
experience I am confident of trying the honey chicken.thank you.

    * The Take It Easy Chef

June, 2018 at 7:16 am  *  Reply

Thank you very much Karthikeyan. For a good texture, you should not overcook
the chicken. Patience is also the key 🙂  
If you cook on a high heat/flame, the outside gets cooked fast. It'll still
take time for the inside to get cooked, and while you wait for that to happen,
the outside will end up overcooked and dry. I hope this helps.

### Leave a Comment Cancel

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Message

Name *

Email Address *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

Notify me of new posts by email.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

### Instagram

##### Arun Velekkat

@thetakeiteasychef

Biriyani Lover, Food Blogger, Food Writer in that order. I write about simple,
honest food using local, organic produce.

  *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   * 

View on Instagram

@thetakeiteasychef

•

Follow

Place one or two parottas on a plate. Pour a generous helping of chicken salna
on the side. Let the curry slowly trickle into the crispy, flaky parotta. When
they meet, there is magic! Tear a piece of parotta soaked in the salna and put
it in your mouth. Gently chew and feel all the textures - The crispiness of
the outer layers. The slightly soggy bit with the salna. This is street food
at its best. This is an improved version of the chicken salna I had posted
before. I thought this would be a good one to resume here. . This chicken
salna recipe, like many other popular recipes on this blog, is from a mom's
kitchen. I got this recipe from my cousin. He sourced it from a friend who got
it from his mom. This chicken salna recipe will help you cook your favourite
street food in the comfort of your kitchen. . Check out the recipe from the
link in the bio. . . . #TheTakeItEasyChef #parotta #malabarparotta
#chennaistreetfood #madurai #parottasalna #salna #tamilnadufood #chickensalna
#tamilfood #chennai #southindianfood #indianchicken #homecooking
#foodphotography #indianfood #vscofood #yahoofood #foodtalkindia #sonyimages
#sonyalpha #sonyalphasclub #sonyphotogallery #foodblogfeed #bengalurudiaries
#recipeoftheday #easyrecipe #foodoftheday #homemade

3 weeks ago

View on Instagram |

1/9

@thetakeiteasychef

•

Follow

Feels great to be back! As we used to do before, let's cook some delicious
food! . . . #thetakeiteasychef #indianfood #localfood #foodphotography
#foodporn #foodstagram #foodblogger #instafood #foodlover #yummy #delicious
#foodgasm #homemade #foodpics #instagood #foodies #foodiesofinstagram
#healthyfood #tasty #dinner #indianfood #love #cooking #lunch #bhfyp
#foodstyling #dessert #foodblog #foodpic #breakfast #foodlovers

3 weeks ago

View on Instagram |

2/9

@thetakeiteasychef

•

Follow

Are you one of those gentle souls who love their potato snacks but has been
trying to stay away as they are almost always deep-fried? If yes, this baked
potato wedges is your redemption. . These baked potato wedges are crispy on
the outside, succulent on the inside, and packed with a load of flavours! You
got to try it only once to believe how good they are! . If you are looking for
a delicious, yet healthy and easy-to-make snack, you don’t have to look beyond
these oven-baked potato wedges! . Check out the easy recipe with step-by-step
recipes from the link in the bio. . . . . . #thetakeiteasychef #potatowedges
#potatowedges🍟 #frenchfries #whatveganeats #bestofvegan #bakedpotatoes
#comfortfood #whatvegetarianseat #bakedchips #crisps #homebaking #potatochips
#foodphotography #feedfeed #vscofood #yahoofood #foodtalkindia #recipeoftheday
#easyrecipe #foodoftheday #eathealthy #healthyeating #homecooking #food52
#potatocrisps #bakedpotato #bakedpotatoes #homefries #chilifries

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

3/9

@thetakeiteasychef

•

Follow

This whole wheat jaggery cake is a healthier take on the classic pound cake.
This delightful cake is moist, light, and airy and a perfect companion for
your hot cup of tea! . We are not using regular flour or sugar. Instead, we
have healthier calories from whole wheat flour and jaggery. Instead of butter,
the main ingredient is oil. The only butter in this recipe is for greasing the
cake pan. By the way, did I tell you that this is an eggless cake as well? .
Check out the recipe from the link in the bio. . .This recipe is from the
uber-talented Shreya of @sugar.dust.bangalore . . . #thetakeiteasychef #cake
#cakes#eggless #wholewheat#wholewheatcake #egglesscake#vegetarian #sweet
#dessert#foodgram #baking #realsimple#foodstyling #foodandrustic#thebakefeed
#jaggery #homebaking . . . #whatveganeats #whatvegetarianseat
#eatingfortheinsta #buzzfeast #feedyoursoull #heresmyfood #foodphotography
#feedfeed #vscofood #yahoofood #foodtalkindia #recipeoftheday

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

4/9

@thetakeiteasychef

•

Follow

Think of potato podimas as a flavourful Indian version of mashed potatoes
cooked with a seasoning of mustard seeds, urad dal, and curry leaves. .
Imagine the fragrance when mustard seeds, urad dal, and fresh curry leaves are
tempered in oil. Now add mashed potatoes to the pan. The smooth, creamy mashed
potatoes will absorb all the great flavours. That, my friends, is the story of
any good potato podimas! . There is nothing pretentious about potato podimas!
It is a simple preparation with some basic ingredients. For an Indian recipe,
it requires very few spices. Potato podimas is probably a South Indian
rendition of the classic mashed potatoes. But it is quintessentially Indian
and a delicious dish that you can put together without any effort. . Check out
the easy recipe with step-by-step pictures from the link in the bio. . . . . .
. #thetakeiteasychef #homemade #indiancuisine #podimas #potato #potatoes
#potatocurry #potatopodimas #indianvegetarian #indianvegetarianfood #poriyal
#healthyrecipes #plantbaseddiet #healthycooking #vegetarian
#whatvegetarianseat #whatveganeats #homecooking #food52 #foodphotography
#feedfeed #indianfood #vscofood #yahoofood #foodtalkindia #cooking
#recipeoftheday #easyrecipe #foodoftheday #buzzfeedfood

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

5/9

@thetakeiteasychef

•

Follow

Burmese Khow Suey - Khow Suey is probably the first thing that comes to mind
when you think about Burmese cuisine. . If something can be called a bowl of
happiness, this could well be it. Burmese Khow Suey is a delicious noodle dish
made with egg noodles, curried chicken and coconut milk. Served with a variety
of condiments, each spoon full of soup you eat will be bursting with flavours!
. There are many variants of Khow Suey recipes. Chefs across the world have
tailored it to suit their local preferences and ingredients that are easily
available in their kitchens. In some recipes, you’ll see fish sauce and
peanuts, while in some others chicken stock, paprika and cayenne peppers. .
This is ‘The Take It Easy’ version of Khow Suey. I have used only those
ingredients that I could source fresh in India. Try it this weekend. Have a
big, hearty bowl of happiness! . Check out the easy recipe with step-by-step
pictures from the link in the bio. . . . . . . #TheTakeItEasyChef #khowsuey
#burma #khowsuey🍲 #khowsueyrecipe #burmese #burmesefood #burmesekhowsuey
#burmesekhaosuey #khaosuey #noodlesoup #eggnoodles #eggnoodlesoup
#foodblogfeed #easyrecipes #simplefood #bangalorefoodies #recipesfromscratch
#homecooking #foodphotography #vscofood #yahoofood #foodtalkindia #sonyalpha
#foodblogfeed #bengalurudiaries #recipeoftheday #easyrecipe #foodoftheday
#homemade

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

6/9

@thetakeiteasychef

•

Follow

Chilli Fried Prawns 🍤 This chilli fried prawns is the prawn fry of good times!
Just five ingredients, minimum cooking time, and maximum deliciousness – that
summarises this recipe! . Are you worried how you can add a little oomph to
your late night dinner preps after a busy day at work? This chilli fried
prawns recipe is for you! Planning to unwind with a chilled drink and a book
after a long, tiring day? This prawn fry will be your perfect accompaniment.
It’ll be ready in no time, and you get the rest of the evening to yourself. .
Chilli powder, salt and vinegar is combined to form the marinade. Coat the
prawns with this paste, and leave for a few minutes to soak up the flavours.
Fry them on a pan with just enough oil. You get a lovely plate of fried
prawns. . Recipe from the link in the bio. . . . #thetakeiteasychef #shrimp
#jhinga #friedprawns #masalaprawns #SaveOurOcean #eatinseason #FoodTalkIndia
#prawns #keralafood #GodsOwnCountry #thaninaadan #saltandpeppershrimp
#foodblogfeed #easyrecipes #simplefood #bangalorefoodies #recipesfromscratch
#homecooking #foodphotography #indianfood #vscofood #yahoofood #sonyalpha
#foodblogfeed #bengalurudiaries #recipeoftheday #easyrecipe #foodoftheday
#homemade

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

7/9

@thetakeiteasychef

•

Follow

Easy Butter Chicken . Now you can create a restaurant-style butter chicken
without spending hours in the kitchen. This easy butter chicken is so easy
that you can add it to your weekday cooking plans. . Succulent pieces of
chicken marinated in a yoghurt base and cooked in an onion-tomato paste with
select whole spices and butter. This butter chicken recipe is a crowd-pleaser.
. I have dialled back the richness quotient so that you don’t have to feel
guilty savouring this delicious chicken curry. I have kept cream as an
optional ingredient. I found that one can still make a good butter chicken
without adding any cream. . Check out the step-by-step recipe and pictures
from the link in my bio. . . . #thetakeiteasychef #homemade
#butterchickencurry #indiancuisine #indiancurry #chickencurry #butterchicken
#myfab5 #f52grams #dailyfoodfeed #lovefood #eatingfortheinsta #buzzfeast
#feedyoursoull #heresmyfood #eater #eattheworld #homecooking #food52
#foodphotography #feedfeed #indianfood #vscofood #yahoofood #foodtalkindia
#cooking #recipeoftheday #easyrecipe #foodoftheday #buzzfeedfood

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

8/9

@thetakeiteasychef

•

Follow

3 years ago

View on Instagram |

9/9

### Follow me

  * facebook
  * twitter
  * instagram
  * pinterest
  * stumbleupon
  * google

### About the chef

### Sweet Tooth

### A healthy pick

Copyright © 2019 Arun velekkat & The Take It Easy Chef -- Designed by WPZOOM

