https://bakeitwithlove.com/shrimp-with-garlic-sauce/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * Recipes
  * Dinners
  * Desserts
  * About
    * Contact Us
  * Subscribe
  * Search

Bake It With Love

menu icon

  * Recipes
  * Dinners
  * Desserts
  * About
    * Contact Us
  * Subscribe

* ## Join Us!

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Recipes
  * Dinners
  * Desserts
  * About
    * Contact Us
  * Subscribe

* ## Join Us!

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

×

Home » Recipes » Main Dish

Angela @ BakeItWithLove.com · Leave a Comment

# Shrimp with Garlic Sauce

Share This Recipe!

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin
  * Yummly
  * LinkedIn
  * Reddit

Jump to Recipe

This tasty **shrimp with garlic sauce combines tender, wok-fried shrimp with
tender-crisp vegetables** in a rich, flavorful garlic sauce! It's an
incredibly flavorful Chinese take out meal that can be ready to enjoy in just
20 minutes, start to finish!

Quick, easy, and delicious stir-fried shrimp with garlic sauce is a tasty
weeknight dinner!

**_A s_** _ **uper simple shrimp take-out dish you can make at home in no
time!**_

Craving some Chinese food tonight? Grab your wok or a big skillet and get
ready to enjoy a fabulous meal at home in less time than it would take to grab
take-out!

Shrimp with garlic sauce is the perfect dish to whip up and have on the table
in just 20 minutes! It's a family-favorite dish that everyone can agree on
too!

Jump to:

  * ❤️ Why You'll Love This Recipe!
  * 🥘 Ingredients
  * 📖 Variations
  * 🧂 Substitutions
  * 🔪 Step-By-Step Instructions
  * 💭 Angela's Tips & Recipe Notes
  * 🥡 Storing & Reheating
  * 😋 More Great Dinner Recipes
  * 📋 Recipe

## ❤️ Why You'll Love This Recipe!

**Super Easy!** Every ingredient is just getting added into one big skillet.
The only real “work” is chopping up some veggies, but even those can be bought
already chopped.

**So Tasty!** All the ingredients get tossed into one skillet and then cook
together. This means that every vegetable and piece of shrimp gets flavored
perfectly by simmering in the sauce!

**It's Versatile!** Chicken? Beef? Pork? Broccoli? No carrots? You can mix and
match and add and subtract almost any ingredient to make a brand-new dish!

## 🥘 Ingredients

This is a super easy-to-make stir-fry dinner that uses some very common
ingredients. If you're having trouble finding some of the ingredients, **check
your local Asian or ethnic market.**

### Shrimp Stir Fry

  * **Vegetable Oil** \- Use your preferred cooking oil, but choose **one with a higher smoke point** that is also flavorless.
  *  **Garlic** \- Garlic is one of **the most common foods** used to add its unique flavor to a dish. 
  * **Ginger** \- Ginger is a common flavor used in Asian cuisine. Fresh ginger is called ginger root and is **located in the produce aisle**. Ginger is also available as a paste in the produce section, or you can use about ⅛ teaspoon of ground ginger.
  *  **Thai Chiles** \- Thai chiles are slender 1-2" long peppers that can be **either red or green** when they are fresh. I'm using dried chili peppers in this recipe.
  *  **Snow Peas** \- Snow peas are a type of pea where you eat the pod with the pea. The pods are **flat and about 1-2 inches long** ; you can see the shape of the peas inside.
  *  **Carrots** \- You can buy full carrots and then wash and peel and cut them, or use mini-baby carrots that you can just toss into the recipe without cutting.
  *  **Bell Pepper** \- Even though they are a type of pepper, **red _(orange and yellow)_ bell peppers are more sweet than spicy** and they're a personal fave for my stir-fries. They have a very similar taste to a green pepper.
  *  **Shrimp** \- Whether fresh or frozen, **look for uncooked shrimp** that is translucent/gray _(shrimp are only pink/red when cooked)_. Any size shrimp will work _(small, medium, large, jumbo)_ but the smaller shrimp means that you'll have more pieces throughout your dish.

### For The Garlic Sauce

  * **Chicken Broth** \- This is the **base liquid for your sauce**. Use homemade if you have it, or your favorite store-bought brand.
  *  **Soy Sauce** \- A **staple ingredient for Asian cooking** or adding additional flavor to already prepared foods. You can find it on the Asian food aisle at the grocery store.
  *  **Dry Sherry _(or sake)_** \- Dry sherry is commonly used for cooking; most grocery stores sell it as a condiment on the shelves next to the **cooking vinegar, cooking wine, and oils**. You can also purchase dry sherry or sake at the liquor store.
  *  **Rice Vinegar** \- Rice vinegar is a common **cooking staple in Asian cuisine**. It is often in the same aisle as other condiments like salad dressing and cooking oils, or in the ethnic section.
  *  **Sesame Oil** \- Sesame oil is a cooking oil and flavor enhancer. **You don't need much** to add a lot of flavor!
  *  **Chili Paste** : -Chili paste is another easy way to **add a lot of flavor with very little of the actual paste**. Look for chili paste that is on the Asian food aisle and comes in a jar; it may say “crushed red chili paste” or “roasted red chili paste.”
  *  **Cornstarch** \- Cornstarch is a white powder that is **used to thicken sauces and soups**. It’s a great pantry staple to have on hand!
  *  **Water** \- Use **cold water** to combine with the cornstarch.

## 📖 Variations

**_Check out mybeef with garlic sauce or chicken with garlic sauce too!_**

**Chicken, Pork, or Steak -** Not a fan of shrimp? Not a problem! Just swap
out the shrimp for your favorite meat. If you do switch to chicken or steak,
cut up your desired meat into small chunks (about 1” in size).

Follow the same directions as above; however, chicken and steak will take a
bit longer to cook all the way through so make sure you check that it is fully
cooked. Just take a piece of meat out of the skillet and cut it in half to see
that it is cooked all the way through.

**Choose your Veggies -** You can use almost any vegetable you like! Just
switch out vegetables you like for the ones you don’t. You can also add more
variety by splitting up a serving, for example splitting the ½ cup snow peas
into ¼ cup snow peas and a ¼ cup of regular peas. Broccoli and cauliflower are
two other veggies I particularly like to use in stir fry.

## 🧂 Substitutions

**Make it Vegetarian -** Leave out the shrimp and replace the chicken broth
with vegetable broth. Add 1 additional cup of vegetables of your choice.

**Make it Gluten Free -** Soy sauce is made from soybeans AND grain, so many
people who are gluten sensitive cannot eat soy sauce. Replace soy sauce **with
Tamari or Coconut aminos**. Tamari is still made with soybeans, but no grains,
so it's gluten-free. Coconut aminos are made from coconuts, so are both soy
and gluten-free.

## 🔪 Step-By-Step Instructions

This dish is perfect spooned over **jasmine rice** for a complete meal. If you
**start a pot of rice cooking** just before you start making the shrimp with
garlic sauce, everything will be ready to eat about the same time.

  * 1
  * 2
  * 3
  * 4

  1. **Prepare the sauce**. Combine the garlic sauce ingredients in a small bowl. Mix ⅓ cup of chicken broth, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, 1 tablespoon dry sherry, ½ tablespoon rice vinegar, 2 teaspoons sesame oil, and 1 teaspoon chili paste. Set aside. **Mix the cornstarch and cold water separately** in a small bowl and set aside too.
  2.  **Stir fry the vegetables**. Heat a large skillet or wok over medium-high heat with vegetable oil. Start with adding the garlic and ginger, sauté for 30 seconds, then add the Thai chiles and **continue to stir fry for about 30 seconds more**. Next, add your vegetables - ½ cup of snow peas, ½ cup sliced carrots, ½ cup sliced red bell peppers – and stir fry for about 3 minutes, or until tender-crisp.
  3.  **Add the shrimp and sauce.** Add the shrimp and stir fry with the vegetables for 1-2 minutes until the shrimp are curled and no longer transparent. Stir in the garlic sauce, then give the slurry _(cornstarch + water mixture)_ **a quick stir before adding it to the stir fry**. Continue stir-frying for about 1 minute as the sauce thickens.
  4.  **Serve.** Remove from heat and **serve immediately**.

  * 5

If you're making rice and it's not quite ready, cover the shrimp with garlic
sauce and **turn on low to keep warm** – the rice should be done shortly! When
ready, scoop and serve over your rice, and enjoy!

## 💭 Angela's Tips & Recipe Notes

**You can marinate the shrimp to add even more flavor!**

  * Mix your sauce, cornstarch and all, then combine with the shrimp. Cover and refrigerate for **at least 30 minutes** and up to overnight for a great flavor boost!
  * You may prefer to mix a second batch of sauce if you do opt for the marinade. That way, you **avoid the chance of cross-contamination.**

**Go for the gusto with this garlicky dish!**

  * Don't be shy about adding the garlic, it's the main flavor component to your 'garlic sauce'!

**Get a great stir-fry!**

  * Start with a fully heated wok, skillet, or frying pan. Make sure the **oil is sizzling hot** before starting too.
  * Be sure **not to over-crowd your wok or skillet**! Cook in batches if needed, that way you avoid steaming or boiling your veggoes and shrimp!

## 🥡 Storing & Reheating

Shrimp with garlic sauce is great for leftovers! Simply cover your dish with a
lid or plastic wrap, or transfer it **to an airtight storage container**.

Your leftovers can be refrigerated **for up to 3-4 days** in the refrigerator.
I find, however, that the shrimp texture is best if enjoyed with 1-2 days.

### Reheating Shrimp With Garlic Sauce

Your shrimp and veggies are **best reheated on the stovetop**. Bring a skillet
to medium heat and warm your desired portion.

_*If you have **leftover rice to use** , rice can sometimes dry out when
refrigerated, so sprinkle it with a little water and cover to help it steam as
it reheats in the microwave._

## 😋 More Great Dinner Recipes

* * *

  * **Pan Seared Sea Bass**
  *  **Lipton Onion Soup Meatloaf**
  *  **Stuffing Stuffed Pork Chops**
  *  **Broiled Lobster Tails**
  *  **Beef& Shells**

Do you love a recipe you tried? Please leave **a 5-star  🌟rating **in the
recipe card below and/or a review in the comments section further down the
page.  
  
**Stay in touch with me** through social media @  **Pinterest**,
**Facebook**, **Instagram**, or **Twitter**! Don't forget to tag me when you
try one of my recipes!

## 📋 Recipe

Print Recipe Leave A Comment

Love This Recipe?Click On A Star To Rate It!

5 from 4 reviews

## Shrimp with Garlic Sauce

This tasty shrimp with garlic sauce combines tender, wok-fried shrimp with
tender-crisp vegetables in a rich, flavorful garlic sauce! It's an incredibly
flavorful family meal that can be ready to enjoy in just 20 minutes, start to
finish!

Author | Angela

Servings: 3 servings

Calories: 201kcal

Prep 10 minutes

Cooking 10 minutes

Total Time 20 minutes

Pin Recipe Share on Facebook

##

Ingredients



US CustomaryMetric

1x2x3x

### Shrimp Stir-Fry

  * ▢ 1 ½ tablespoon vegetable oil
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon garlic (minced)
  * ▢ 2 teaspoon ginger (minced - or use ½ teaspoon ginger powder)
  * ▢ 12 whole Thai chiles (optional, leave whole or remove seeds and slice)
  * ▢ 1 ½ cups snow peas
  * ▢ ½ cup carrot (sliced)
  * ▢ ½ cup red bell pepper (washed, seeds removed, and diced)
  * ▢ 1 lb shrimp (thawed, peeled, deveined & tail removed if desired)

### Garlic Sauce

  * ▢ ⅓ cup chicken broth
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon dry sherry (or sake)
  * ▢ ½ tablespoon rice vinegar
  * ▢ 2 teaspoon sesame oil
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon chili paste (Sambal Oelek brand)
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon cornstarch
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon water (cold, to make slurry)

##

Instructions

  * Combine the garlic sauce ingredients in a small bowl. Mix chicken broth, soy sauce, dry sherry, rice vinegar, sesame oil, and chili paste. Set aside. Mix the cornstarch and cold water in a small bowl and set aside too.

1 ½ tablespoon vegetable oil, ⅓ cup chicken broth, 2 tablespoon soy sauce, 1
tablespoon dry sherry, ½ tablespoon rice vinegar, 1 teaspoon chili paste, 1
tablespoon cornstarch, 2 tablespoon water, 2 teaspoon sesame oil

  * Heat a large skillet or wok over medium-high heat with vegetable oil. Add the garlic and ginger, saute for 30 seconds then add the Thai chiles. Then add the vegetables _(snow peas, carrot, and red bell peppers)_ and stir-fry for about 3 minutes, or until tender-crisp.

1 ½ tablespoon vegetable oil, 2 tablespoon garlic, 2 teaspoon ginger, 12 whole
Thai chiles, 1 ½ cups snow peas, ½ cup carrot, ½ cup red bell pepper

  * Add the shrimp and stir-fry with the vegetables for 1-2 minutes until the shrimp are curled and no longer transparent. Stir in the garlic sauce, then give the slurry quick stir before adding it to the stir fry. Continue stir-frying for about 1 minute as the sauce thickens.

1 lb shrimp

  * Remove from heat and serve immediately.

###

Nutrition

Calories: 201kcal (10%) | Carbohydrates: 13g (4%) | Protein: 34g (68%) | Fat:
1g (2%) | Saturated Fat: 1g (6%) | Polyunsaturated Fat: 1g | Monounsaturated
Fat: 1g | Trans Fat: 1g | Cholesterol: 243mg (81%) | Sodium: 966mg (42%) |
Potassium: 715mg (20%) | Fiber: 3g (13%) | Sugar: 5g (6%) | Vitamin A: 4926IU
(99%) | Vitamin C: 76mg (92%) | Calcium: 142mg (14%) | Iron: 3mg (17%)

Did you try this recipe? Rate it below!I can’t wait to see your results!
Mention @bake_it_with_love or tag #bake_it_with_love!

Course Dinner Recipes, Main Dish, Seafood

Cuisine American, Chinese

Angela @ BakeItWithLove.com

Angela is an at home chef that developed a passion for all things cooking and
baking at a young age in her Grandma's kitchen. After many years in the food
service industry, she now enjoys sharing all of her family favorite recipes
and creating tasty dinner and amazing dessert recipes here at Bake It With
Love!

bakeitwithlove.com/about/

« Sweet Potato Tart

Pan Seared Swordfish »

Share This Recipe!

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin
  * Yummly
  * LinkedIn
  * Reddit

## Reader Interactions

### Thanks for coming! Let me know what you think: Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name

Email

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

English

Arabic Croatian Czech Danish Dutch English French German Italian Japanese
Korean Portuguese Russian Turkish

**Hi there, I'm Angela!** I am an avid vintage cookbook collector, recipe
creator, animal lover, and total foodie. I love sharing recipes that are new,
fun, and creative as well as great classic recipes just like my Grandma used
to make!

More about me →

### Roast Dinners

  * Oven Roasted Prime Rib with Dry Rib Rub

  * Smoked Bison Prime Rib

  * Venison Tenderloin Roast

  * Sunday Dinner Ideas

  * Pork Ribeye Roast

  * Baked Pork Tenderloin

### Reader Favorites

  * Avocado Egg Bake (Breakfast Bake)

  * Best Chicken Tortilla Soup

  * Panda Express Shanghai Angus Steak

  * Pan Seared Ribeye Steak

  * Bacon Wrapped Meatloaf

  * Strawberry Shortcake

DISCLAIMER: As an Amazon Associate, I earn a commission from qualifying
purchases at no added cost to you.

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * About Angela
  * Privacy Policy
  * Work With Me
  * Contact
  * FAQ
  * Home
  * Accessibility Statement

### Subscribe

### Stay in Touch!

* indicates required

Email Address *

### Read

  * Collections
  * Conversions
  * Food That Starts With
  * Substitutions
  * Food Info
  * Web Stories

Copyright © 2022 Bake It With Love

