https://www.food.com/recipe/chilli-honey-and-garlic-prawns-468913


  * Recipes
    * Breakfast & Brunch Recipes 
    * Lunch Recipes 
    * Appetizers & Snack Recipes 
    * Dinner Recipes 
    * Dessert Recipes 
    * Drink & Cocktail Recipes 
    * Side Dish Recipes 
    * Grilling & BBQ Recipes 
    * Microwave Recipes 
    * Quick & Easy Recipes 
    * Slow-Cooker Recipes 
    * Air Fryer Recipes 
    * Instant Pot Recipes 
    * Baking Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Popular
    * Trending Now 
    * Casserole Recipes 
    * Chili Recipes 
    * Soup Recipes 
    * Pasta Recipes 
    * Bread Recipes 
    * Cookie Recipes 
    * Salad Recipes 
    * Tofu Recipes 
    * Copycat Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Meat & Seafood
    * Chicken Recipes 
    * Salmon Recipes 
    * Pork Chop Recipes 
    * Ground Beef Recipes 
    * Shrimp Recipes 
  * Healthy & Diet
    * Keto Recipes 
    * Healthy Recipes 
    * Vegetarian Recipes 
    * Vegan Recipes 
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes 
    * Weight Watchers Recipes 
    * Low-Carb Recipes 
    * Gluten-Free Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Holidays
    * Dinner Party Recipes 
    * Game Day Recipes 
    * Valentine's Day Recipes 
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes 
    * Easter Recipes 
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes 
    * Mother's Day Recipes 
    * Memorial Day Recipes 
    * Juneteenth Recipes 
    * 4th of July Recipes 
    * Halloween Recipes 
    * Thanksgiving Recipes 
    * Hanukkah Recipes 
    * Christmas Recipes 
    * New Year's Recipes 
  * Cuisine
    * Mexican Recipes 
    * Italian Recipes 
    * Indian Recipes 
    * Thai Recipes 
    * Korean Recipes 
    * French Recipes 
    * Latin American Recipes 
    * Chinese Recipes 
    * Japanese Recipes 
    * Spanish Recipes 
  * Seasonal
    * Spring Recipes 
    * Summer Recipes 
    * Fall Recipes 
    * Winter Recipes 
    * See More 

icons / profile

icons / arrow / arrow-left

  1. Recipes 
  2. < 30 Mins 

# Chilli Honey and Garlic Prawns

5

Recipe by ImPat

6

People talking

Join In Now  Join the conversation!

  *   *   *   *   * MORE 

Save Recipe

My DH printed this recipe from a blog and asked me to save it here for us to
try when we could get some of the local Mandurah prawns to try it with. Times
are estimated and do not include peeling prawns, which would take me about 15
to 25 minutes depending on size of prawns. We made this last night and I have
made some minor changes to the original recipe, we served it with fried rice
(which I had defrosted from the freezer and heated in the microwave) for a
quick easy meal. The original recipe had 380 grams of prawns but we found 500
grams (this is unpeeled weight) did the 2 of us for a main meal but would do 4
has an entree or starter course or as a main if adding more sides. We added
the fresh chilli to the recipe as we do enjoy a spicy prawn dish.

Ready In:

    20mins

Serves:

     2-4 

Units:

     US 

icons / print PRINT RECIPE

  * icons / email
  * icons / social / pinterest
  * icons / social / facebook

6

People talking

Join In Now  Join the conversation!

## ingredients

Nutrition

  * 4  tablespoons water
  * 2  tablespoons tomato sauce (ketchup)
  * 1  tablespoon soy sauce
  * 2  teaspoons cornflour
  * 1  teaspoon honey
  * 1⁄2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes
  * 1⁄4 teaspoon ground ginger
  * 1  tablespoon vegetable oil
  * 1⁄4 cup spring onion (sliced)
  * 4  garlic cloves (minced)
  * 1  chili (optional small red deseeded finely sliced)
  * 500  g prawns (shrimp cooked peeled and deveined)

## directions

  * In a bowl, stir together water, tomato sauce, soy sauce, cornflour, honey, crushed chilli flakes and ground ginger and then set aside.
  * Heat oil in a wok or large frypan over medium-high heat and stir in spring onions, garlic and chilli and cook for 30 seconds.
  * Stir in prawns and toss to coat with oil and then stir in prepared water and sauce mix and cook and stir until it is bubbly and thickened.
  * Serve over cooked rice.

Submit a Recipe Correction

#### MY PRIVATE NOTES

Add a Note

Advertisement

Advertisement

### RECIPE MADE WITH LOVE BY

Follow Me

@ImPat

Contributor

@ImPat

Contributor

"My DH printed this recipe from a blog and asked me to save it here for us to
try when we could get some of the local Mandurah prawns to try it with. Times
are estimated and do not include peeling prawns, which would take me about 15
to 25 minutes depending on size of prawns. We made this last night and I have
made some minor changes to the original recipe, we served it with fried rice
(which I had defrosted from the freezer and heated in the microwave) for a
quick easy meal. The original recipe had 380 grams of prawns but we found 500
grams (this is unpeeled weight) did the 2 of us for a main meal but would do 4
has an entree or starter course or as a main if adding more sides. We added
the fresh chilli to the recipe as we do enjoy a spicy prawn dish."

  * ###### recipes

707

  * ###### tweaks

127

  * ###### photos

3069

icons / sparkles / sparkles

### JOIN THE CONVERSATION

icons / sparkles / sparkles

icons / camera

upload

icons / star / star-outline

review

icons / write-a-review

tweak

icons / question

ask

all

reviews

tweaks

q&a

sort by: most popularmost recent icons / navigate / navigate-down

  1. review by  Nafisa V. 

10/16/2018

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

Fantastic dish!! Enjoyed eating it

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  2. review by  Zeenat R. 

5/6/2018

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

Turned out great, I did not measure all ingredients, so I had to adjust, but
nevertheless, quick easy and very tasty. Thanks for posting this

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  3. photo by  Debbwl 

2/26/2012

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  4. photo by  Debbwl 

2/26/2012

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  5. review by  Debbwl 

2/26/2012

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

Scrumptious prawn recipe that is quick, easy and had enough flavor for me
without being too hot for DH! I made as written using ketchup option as I did
not want left over tomato sauce, really appreciated that recipe called for
cooked and peeled prawns. As this is so tasty, quick, easy and does use pre-
cooked prawns will be making again. Thanks for the post.

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

see 7 more icons / navigate / navigate-down

Advertisement

### YOU'LL ALSO LOVE

Chilli, Honey and Coriander Marinated Chicken Breast

by TheDrummingChef

0

How to Make Meatball Sub Kolaches

28 Springtime Salads for Easter

42 Ideas for a Ham-Free Easter Dinn...

View All Recipes

### RELATED PAGES

Garlic PrawnsChili and Garlic PrawnsChilli Garlic PrawnsLow Fat Garlic
PrawnsChili Garlic PrawnsPerfect PrawnsCreamy Horseradish DipTempura
PrawnsBroiled Lemon and Garlic Tiger Prawns

View Suggestions

BACK TO TOP

icons / social / facebook icons / social / pinterest icons / social / twitter
icons / social / youtube icons / email

  * All Categories 
  * Site Map 
  * About Us 
  * Help 

The Discovery Family of Networks

  * HGTV
  * DIY Network
  * Food Network
  * Cooking Channel
  * Travel Channel
  * HGTV Poland

© 2022 Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. or its subsidiaries and affiliates. All
rights reserved.

  * Advertise
  * AdChoices
  * Privacy Notice
  * Visitor Agreement

California Privacy Notice CA Do Not Sell My Info

