https://thatspicychick.com/chili-garlic-shrimp/


__

____

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * by Category
      * Dinner
      * Main Dishes
      * Easy
      * Appetizers
      * Pasta
      * Noodles
      * Healthy
      * Party Food
      * Grilled
      * Lunch
      * Drinks
      * Vegetarian
      * More
    * by Cuisine
      * Thai
      * Chinese
      * Korean
      * Indian
      * American
      * Fusion
      * Mexican
      * Sichuan
      * More
    * Browse All Recipes Â»
    * Recipe Index Â»
  * About
    * FAQ
  * Contact
    * Work With Me
  * Shop

##### Follow me!

____ ____ ____ ____ ____ ____

____ ____ ____ ____ ____ ____

__

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * by Category
      * Dinner
      * Main Dishes
      * Easy
      * Appetizers
      * Pasta
      * Noodles
      * Healthy
      * Party Food
      * Grilled
      * Lunch
      * Drinks
      * Vegetarian
      * More
    * by Cuisine
      * Thai
      * Chinese
      * Korean
      * Indian
      * American
      * Fusion
      * Mexican
      * Sichuan
      * More
    * Browse All Recipes Â»
    * Recipe Index Â»
  * About
    * FAQ
  * Contact
    * Work With Me
  * Shop

Home Â» Cuisines Â» Chinese Â» Chili Garlic Shrimp

# Chili Garlic Shrimp

_by_ Lavina // _posted_ November 27, 2018 -- _updated_ July 30, 2019

Jump To RecipePrint Recipe

_This post contains affiliate links._

_This Chili Garlic Shrimp is a quick and easy recipe that 's perfect for busy
weeknights! Juicy shrimps get stir-fried in a spicy-sweet and sticky garlicky
sauce. Serve on a bed of warm steamed rice and a side of steamed or stir-fried
veggies to make it a full meal!_

this recipe

Hi friends! ðŸ‘‹

Today's recipe is a quick Asian stir-fry and one of my absolute favorites!
Why? Because it's quick and easy to make (duh!) and perfect for those
weeknights when you're just too exhausted to spend too much time in the
kitchen and just wanna eeeeeaaaat. And, well, you can never have too many
quick weeknight go-to recipes on hand, amIright or amIright? ðŸ˜‰ ðŸ™Œ

I present to you my Chili Garlic Shrimp! This baby embodies my cooking style
perfectly - a little bit spicy, a little bit sweet, and a whole lotta flavor
and oomph! ðŸ‘Š

A lot of Chinese restaurants I dine at have this on the menu. I was inspired
to create my own homemade version a couple of years ago because it's been a
longtime favorite of mine. In fact, there has never been a time I haven't
ordered it while dining out and it's available on a restaurant menu.

Juicy shrimps in a spicy-sweet sticky garlicky sauce on a bed of warm steamed
rice = yummy! This Chili Garlic Shrimp recipe is just what you need when you:
**a.** want to eat soon  **b.** don't want to order takeaway  **c.** simply
can't be arsed with spending hours chopping, cooking, washing up, etc. ðŸ¤ª

If you've read my Spicy Kung Pao Chicken post, you'll know that all that my
stir-fry recipes need is a bit of organization and prepping before you start
cooking. So when you _do_ start cooking, you have everything you need by your
side and just need add the right ingredients to the wok at the right time and
stir-fry! For this Chili Garlic Shrimp, all you have to do is:

  1. Chop up the aromatics and fresh ingredients
  2. Make the sauce bowl
  3. Marinate the shrimp (btw, you can also use diced chicken breasts instead of shrimp if you like)
  4. â€¦and then get cooking!

####

#### THE SAUCES AND OTHER INGREDIENTS

I use readymade bottled Thai Sweet Chili Sauce by Amoy and Chili Garlic Sauce
by Lee Kum Kee in this dish. Why I like them? They've both got all the
ingredients needed for this recipe - like vinegar and sugar - already
incorporated in them. Plus, they taste fantastic together when stir-fried with
the shrimp!

I particularly like the Amoy brand for Thai Sweet Chili Sauce because it's not
as sweet as some of the other brands I've tried. It might be difficult to
locate outside of Asia, but any other Thai Sweet Chili Sauce will work just
fine. Its main purpose is to produce a sweet and sticky glaze for the shrimp.
If you have a favorite brand for this sauce already, go with that. Otherwise,
feel free to experiment with different brands until you find one that you like
best.

For the Chili Garlic Sauce, Lee Kum Kee comes to the rescue once again! It's
not super sweet so the dish doesn't get overpowered or become sickly sweet
when combined with the Thai Chili Garlic Sauce. Plus, it has a bit of heat
because it has salted chilies and also a really nice garlicky kick! You can
substitute with Huy Fong's Chili Garlic Sauce if you like or any other brand
that produces an Asian style chili garlic sauce that is not super sweet. Both
of these sauces can be found at Whole Foods, Target, and Asian Grocery stores.

Aside from the above two mentioned sauces, you'll need some light soy sauce (I
use low sodium), Shao Xing Rice Wine, and a bit of sesame oil. These should be
easy to locate in your local supermarket, but try an Asian grocery store if
your local supermarket does not have Shao Xing rice wine.

The rest of the ingredients in this recipe are everyday ingredients which you
probably already have at home or can get on your next grocery shopping trip.

#### CAN I MAKE THIS LESS SPICY?

The Thai Dried Red Chilis are a matter of preference so if you prefer less
heat, deseed them or omit them entirely. Same goes for fresh red chilies - you
can deseed them if you like. Your call for the additional heat elements, but
trust me when I say you'll love this with or without them!

#### CAN I MAKE THIS VEGETARIAN?

Sure!  To make this veg, use a combination of your favorite stir-fry friendly
veggies (like mushrooms, snap peas, etc.) or pan-fry some tofu with salt and
pepper and add them to the sauce in place of the shrimp.

So what are you waiting for?! Get your ingredients ready and get cooking! Then
sit back, relax, and enjoy your speedy and delicious weeknight meal! ðŸ˜˜

PS: If you're looking for more Asian shrimp recipes, check out my Easy Spicy
Thai Shrimp Cakes and Spicy E-fu Noodles with Shrimp recipes!

Print

Print Recipe

Pin Recipe

## Chili Garlic Shrimp

â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…

5 from 2 reviews

_This Chili Garlic Shrimp is a quick and easy recipe that 's perfect for busy
weeknights! Juicy shrimps get stir-fried in a spicy-sweet and sticky garlicky
sauce. Serve on a bed of warm steamed rice and a side of steamed or stir-fried
veggies to make it a full meal!_

  * **Author:** Lavina
  * **Prep Time:** 20
  * **Cook Time:** 20
  * **Total Time:** 40 minutes
  * **Yield:** 3-4 1x
  * **Category:** Dinner
  * **Method:** Stir-fry
  * **Cuisine:** Chinese

Scale 1x2x3x

### Ingredients

**CHOPPING**

  * 7 Garlic cloves - minced
  * 2 TBLS Ginger (about 1.5â€³ chunk) - minced
  * 5-8 Fresh Red Chilies, _or to taste_ - chopped*
  * Â½ Yellow Onion - minced
  * 2 Spring Onions (Scallions) - chopped, whites & greens separated

**  
SHRIMP MARINADE**

  * 1.5 TSP Corn Starch
  * 3 TSP Low Sodium Light Soy Sauce
  * 2 TSP Shao Xing Rice Wine
  * Â¼ TSP Sesame Oil

**  
SAUCE BOWL**

  * 1 TSP Corn Starch
  * 4 TSP Low Sodium Light Soy Sauce
  * 4 TSP Shao Xing Rice Wine
  * 3 TBLS Thai Sweet Chili Sauce
  * 3 TBLS Water

**  
OTHER** ** _  
_**

  * 4 & Â½ TBLS Peanut Oil (or any other oil with a high burning point)
  * 1 TSP Chili Oil (optional)
  * 1 TSP Sesame Oil
  * 400g Shrimp, fresh or frozen - peeled, tails removed, and deveined
  * 3 TBLS Chili Garlic Sauce (Lee Kum Kee preferred, but any Asian style chili garlic sauce will do)
  * 2-4 Thai Dried Red Chilies _, or to taste_ - Cut into halves and thirds depending on length
  * 2-3 TBLS Water

### Instructions

**Prep:  
**

  1. **Chopping:** Chop all your ingredients. Add the garlic, ginger, and spring onion whites to a small bowl. Add the fresh red chilies and spring onion greens into two separate small bowls. (Discarding the chili seeds is optional and depends on your personal heat preference.)
  2. **Shrimp Marinade:** Mix together the corn starch, low sodium light soy sauce, shao xing rice wine, a dash of sesame oil in a large bowl. Add the shrimp and mix to coat them in the marinade. Set aside to marinate while you prepare the other ingredients.
  3. **Sauce Bowl:** In a medium bowl, add the corn starch, low sodium light soy sauce, shao xing rice wine, and Thai Sweet Chili Sauce. Mix thoroughly and set aside.
  4. **Thai Dried Red Chilies:** Cut the chilies in halves or thirds depending on their size. Cut the longer ones into three pieces and the shorter into two.
  5. **Prep for Marinated Shrimp:** Turn on the stove and let your wok or large pan heat up for 20 - 30 seconds. Then, add about 3 tablespoons peanut oil and a dash of sesame oil. Lift the wok and swirl it in a circular motion so that the oil spreads around the perimeter and then place it back on the stove to let it heat up. Once hot, add the shrimp and spread evenly in the wok. Cook on one side for about 40 seconds then flip and cook on the other side for 40 seconds more. Toss them around and then remove the shrimp to a fine mesh strainer and hold above the wok to let the oil drain. (You can gently shake the strainer to speed up the draining process, but be careful not to shake to violently as that'll cause some of the cornstarch to come off and make the shrimp a bit mushy. Remove the shrimp into another clean large bowl and set aside. Discard the oil in the wok and wipe with paper towels. Set back on stove.

**For the Chili Garlic Shrimp:**

  1. Turn on the stove and set to medium high heat. Add 1 & Â½ TBLS peanut oil, 1 TSP chili oil (if using), and about a TSP of sesame oil. Once the oil is hot, add the garlic, ginger, and **spring onion whites**. Give it a quick stir to prevent the garlic from burning.
  2. Add the onion and stir-fry until fragrant- about 1-2 minutes.
  3. Turn the heat up and add the Thai dried red chilies. Stir-fry.
  4. Add the fresh red chilies and continue stir-frying
  5. Add the shrimp and the Chili Garlic Sauce on top of them. (Note: not the contents of the sauce bowl you prepared earlier but the actual bottled sauce.) Toss to combine with everything else in the wok.
  6. Make sure the shrimp is well distributed around the wok. Then, give the sauce bowl a stir with a spoon (the corn starch will have clotted up at the bottom of the bowl) and pour in the sauce in a circular motion to coat as many of the shrimp pieces. Continue stir-frying and tossing for a minute. Add 2-3 tablespoons of water as the sauce will start to dry. Stir.
  7. Once the sauce starts to thicken again - after about 30 seconds, add Â¾ of the **spring onion greens** and toss to combine - about 30 seconds.
  8. Turn off the heat. Remove to dish and garnish with the remainder spring onion greens. Serve with steamed white rice.

### Notes

  1. Deseed the Fresh Red Chilies and the Thai Dried Chilies if you prefer the dish to be less spicy.
  2. The Thai Sweet Chili Sauce that goes in the Sauce Bowl is the sweet Thai style chili garlic sauce. I use Amoy brand because it's not too sweet for me, but there should be a couple of options for this sauce at Whole Foods, Target, and your local Asian Grocery Store. Go with your favorite brand if you've used this type of sauce before. Otherwise, experiment with a couple of different brands to see which one you like best!
  3. Pro-cook tip: You can save even more time with this already super speedy recipe by using shrimp that has already been peeled & deveined.
  4. To make this veg, use a combination of your favorite stir fry friendly veggies (like mushrooms, snap peas, etc.) or pan-fry some tofu with salt and pepper and add them to the sauce in place of the shrimp.
  5. If you prefer to use chicken, dice some boneless skinless chicken breasts into bite sized pieces to replace the shrimp. Both shrimp and chicken taste amazing in this sauce!

### Shop the Recipe

large nonstick wok

Buy Now ->

Thai Sweet Chili Sauce

Buy Now ->

Shao Xing Rice Wine

Buy Now ->

### Nutrition

  * **Serving Size:** 1 bowl
  * **Calories:** 353
  * **Sugar:** 9.3g
  * **Sodium:** 1225.9mg
  * **Fat:** 19.6g
  * **Saturated Fat:** 3.2g
  * **Unsaturated Fat:** 14.8g
  * **Trans Fat:** 0g
  * **Carbohydrates:** 22.5g
  * **Fiber:** 2.8g
  * **Protein:** 21.8g
  * **Cholesterol:** 168mg

The nutritional information provided is approximate and can vary based on
several factors. It should only be used as a general guideline. For more
information, please see our Disclosure.

### Did you make this recipe?

Tag @thatspicychick on Instagram and hashtag it #thatspicychick

All images and text (C)That Spicy Chick.

_This post contains affiliate links._

  * Share
  * Pin
  * Tweet
  * Email
  * Yummly
  * WhatsApp

This post may contain affiliate links. We are a part of the Amazon Services
LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a
means for us to earn a small commission (at no extra cost to you) by linking
to Amazon.com and affiliated sites. The nutritional information provided is
approximate and can vary based on several factors. It should only be used as a
general guideline. For more information, please see our Disclosure.

Chinese Dinner Easy to Cook Fish & Seafood Quick & Easy Shrimp Stir-Fry
Stovetop

_posted by_ Lavina _on_ November 27, 2018

6 Comments / Leave a Comment Â»

### Keep in Touch

Get new posts via email:

_Â« Previous Post_The BEST Indian Onion Chicken Curry!

_Next Post Â»_ _Dark and White Chocolate Bark with Mixed Fruits & Nuts

###  6 comments on "Chili Garlic Shrimp"

  1. **Rita** -- January 29, 2022 @ 12:06 pm  Reply

Wow, i made this it came out sooo good. Thanks for sharing.

â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…

    * **Lavina** -- February 1, 2022 @ 8:54 pm  Reply

Fantastic, Rita! Glad this recipe worked out wonderfully for you and that you
enjoyed it!

  2. **Jaya** -- January 1, 2021 @ 9:30 pm  Reply

Too good

â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…â˜…

    * **Lavina** -- January 2, 2021 @ 1:25 am  Reply

Thanks Jaya!

  3. **JO** -- December 4, 2020 @ 9:23 pm  Reply

Canâ€™t believe I was able to make restaurant quality shrimp at home. I cut the
Thai sweet chili sauce to 1 Tbsp because I canâ€™t eat a lot of sugar, and it
was delicious. Didnâ€™t have chili garlic sauce so used sambal oelek, which
worked but was kind of one-note.

    * **Lavina** -- December 6, 2020 @ 3:52 pm  Reply

So glad this recipe worked out for you Jo! Thanks for sharing the changes you
made and leaving a comment. ðŸ™‚

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe rating _â˜…_ _â˜†_ _â˜…_ _â˜†_ _â˜…_ _â˜†_ _â˜…_ _â˜†_ _â˜…_ _â˜†_

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.  
_We only ask for your name and e-mail so we can verify you are human and if
requested notify you of a reply. To do this, we store the data as outlined in
ourprivacy policy._

Î”

Notify me of follow-up comments via e-mail

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

### About

**Hi, Iâ€™m Lavina!** Welcome to That Spicy Chick! My favorite things are my
wok, my itty bitty tiny watch, and chillies in all forms, colors, and sizes!

More about me Â»

### Popular Posts

#### Kebab Shop Garlic Sauce

#### Greek Yogurt Pizza Dough

#### Cream Sauce Seafood Pasta

#### Spicy Thai Basil Chicken Fried Rice

____ ____ ____ ____ ____ ____

### Keep in Touch

Get new posts via email

### Summer Grilling

More Summer Grilling Â»

### One Pan Dinners

More One Pan Dinners Â»

### Delicious Desserts

More Delicious Desserts Â»

### Archives

Archives Select Month August 2022  July 2022  June 2022  May 2022  April 2022
March 2022  February 2022  January 2022  December 2021  November 2021  October
2021  September 2021  August 2021  July 2021  June 2021  May 2021  April 2021
March 2021  February 2021  January 2021  December 2020  November 2020  October
2020  September 2020  August 2020  July 2020  June 2020  May 2020  April 2020
March 2020  February 2020  January 2020  December 2019  November 2019  October
2019  September 2019  August 2019  July 2019  June 2019  May 2019  April 2019
March 2019  February 2019  January 2019  December 2018  November 2018  August
2018  July 2018  April 2018  January 2018

### Categories

Categories Select Category 5 Ingredients or Less All Year Round American
Appetizers Asian-Inspired Bacon Beans Beat Blend Breads Breakfast & Brunch
British Burgers & Sandwiches Cabbage Cauliflower Chicken Chill/Freeze Chinese
Corn Curries & Stews Dairy-free Desserts Dinner Dips, Condiments, & Sauces
Drinks Easy to Cook Egg Fall Fish & Seafood Fry Fusion Game Day Gluten-free
Grilled Grind/Pulse Healthy Holiday How-To Indian Indo-Chinese Instant
Pot/Pressure Cooker Italian Japanese Korean Lamb Lunch Main Dishes Meal Prep
Mexican & Tex-Mex Middle Eastern Mix Mushroom No Bake No Heat Noodles Nuts One
Pot/Pan Oven Paneer Party Food & Snacks Pasta Pizza Pork Quick & Easy Recipe
Round-ups Recipes Rice Salads SautÃ© Seasonings & Spices Shrimp Sichuan Sides
Simmer Snacks Soups & Chowders Spanish Spring Stir-Fry Stovetop Summer Sweet
Potato Thai Tofu Uncategorized Vegan Vegetarian Vietnamese Winter

### Search this Site

__

### Our Google Web Stories

### Keep in Touch

Get new posts via email:

  * ^ Back to Top
  * Home
  * About
  * FAQ
  * Browse All Recipes
  * Contact
  * Work With Me

__ __ __ __ __ __

That Spicy Chick

**(C) 2022 That Spicy Chick**

  * Privacy Policy
  * Disclosure
  * Cookie Policy

_Design byPurr._

