https://www.sugarsaltmagic.com/salt-and-pepper-prawns/


Skip to Main Content

Mobile Menu Trigger

__

Mobile Search Trigger

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Appetisers & Snacks
    * Bread
    * Breakfast & Brunch
    * Desserts
      * Bars & Slices
      * Cakes & Cupcakes
      * Cheesecake
      * Cookies
      * Crumbles & Cobblers
      * Frosting, Sauces & Spreads
      * Frozen Treats
      * Fudge & Candy
      * Muffins
      * No Bake
      * Pies & Tarts
      * Puddings
    * Food Gifts
    * Main Course
      * Burgers, Tacos & Pizza
      * Chicken
      * Lunch
      * Meat
      * One Pan / One Pot
      * Pasta & Rice
      * Quick & Easy Dinners
      * Sauces & Seasonings
      * Seafood
      * Slow Cooker & Crock Pot
      * Vegetarian
    * Sides
    * Tips and How To's
    * Browse Recipes
    * Recipe Index
  * Shop
  * About
    * About Me
    * Contact Me
    * Video
    * FAQs
    * Terms and Privacy
  * My Recipe Box

__ __ __ __

##### Get new recipes via email:

__

__

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Appetisers & Snacks
    * Bread
    * Breakfast & Brunch
    * Desserts
      * Bars & Slices
      * Cakes & Cupcakes
      * Cheesecake
      * Cookies
      * Crumbles & Cobblers
      * Frosting, Sauces & Spreads
      * Frozen Treats
      * Fudge & Candy
      * Muffins
      * No Bake
      * Pies & Tarts
      * Puddings
    * Food Gifts
    * Main Course
      * Burgers, Tacos & Pizza
      * Chicken
      * Lunch
      * Meat
      * One Pan / One Pot
      * Pasta & Rice
      * Quick & Easy Dinners
      * Sauces & Seasonings
      * Seafood
      * Slow Cooker & Crock Pot
      * Vegetarian
    * Sides
    * Tips and How To's
    * Browse Recipes
    * Recipe Index
  * Shop
  * About
    * About Me
    * Contact Me
    * Video
    * FAQs
    * Terms and Privacy
  * My Recipe Box
  * __ __ __ __
  * Search

**Don’t miss a recipe!** Subscribe to new posts via email »

Home » Recipes » Appetisers

# Salt and Pepper Prawns (Shrimp)

5 from 3 ratings

_Simple prawns (or shrimp) in a crispy spice coating, these **salt and pepper
prawns** are an easy, lighter dish. With a creamy lime sriracha mayo, these
will disappear as quickly as you can serve them._

  * **_Light and flavoursome_**
  * **_Easy to make_**
  * **_Perfect fingerfood_**

_by_ Marie Roffey -- _Published_ Aug 30, 2016 ( _Updated_ Jun 17, 2021)

This post may contain affiliate links for products we love. We earn a small
commission on these links, at no cost to you. You can read our disclosure
policy here!

  *   *   *   *   * 

**Jump to:** Recipe Review

  
This popular **salt and pepper prawns** recipe is easy to make and totally
delicious. Served with a delicious lime sriracha mayo, the flavour from these
simple ingredients is amazing.

If you love prawns as much as we do, try these **Honey Grilled Prawns with
Chorizo Dukkah** or this **Chinese Prawn Fried Rice**.

## Table of contents

  * Ingredients in salt and pepper prawns
  * Ingredients for the lime sriracha mayo
  * How to peel and devein prawns
  * How to make salt and pepper prawns
  * How to serve
  * More recipes you’ll love

This recipe is a popular one and today I’m updating it with more information
and step by step images.

## Ingredients in salt and pepper prawns

A collection of really simple ingredients, many of which you already have on
hand, is all you need.

_Detailed quantities and instructions in therecipe card below._

  * **Prawns (1):** I like tiger prawns but whatever you do, get large prawns with the head and shell still on (in the image above, I’ve removed that already). Those with the shell and head already removed will not taste as good, nor will the texture be very nice.
  *  **Oil (2):** For frying. These prawns are shallow fried and a vegetable oil is best. Not olive oil as it can’t handle higher heats. Use rice bran, sunflower or peanut oil.
  *  **Cornflour (3):** This is most of what coats the prawns.  
  *  **Light soy sauce (4), Shaoxing rice wine (5) and sesame oil (8):** This trio makes up the marinade for the prawns and gives an incredible amount of flavour.  If you can’t get the rice wine, you can use sake or dry sherry in it’s place.
  *  **Salt and Pepper (10):** Plenty of these two give these prawns their classic flavour.

## Ingredients for the lime sriracha mayo

I love this simple dressing. It’s as easy as mixing together 3 ingredients and
incredibly simple to adjust to your liking.

  * **Mayonnaise (6)** is the main ingredient. I use a light version.
  *  **Sriracha (9)** is a hot sauce made of chilli, garlic, vinegar, sugar and salt. It’s available pretty much in any grocery store these days.
  *  **Lime juice:** Use the juice from real limes (not the bottled variety) as it has a much better flavour.

## How to peel and devein prawns

I can’t say enough how important it is to **buy prawns with the shells on**.
Most prawns are frozen before sale and if the shell is removed before
freezing, they will have an awful crunchy texture once they’re cooked.

Prawns should be meaty so, unless you're confident they’re fresh and not
frozen, get the ones with shells on and shell them yourself. It’s really easy
to do. For these ones, we leave the tail on as a little handle but you can
certainly remove that too if you prefer.

**(See photo 1 below)**

  1. **Remove the head:** Slice the head off and push aside. (Prawn heads and shells can be frozen for later and used to make a tasty seafood stock).
  2.  **Remove the shell:** Use your thumb to dig in near the legs and belly to pull the shell away from the meat, all the way down to the tail.
  3.  **Cut along the back:** Use a sharp knife and carefully cut along the back of the prawn from the tail to where the head was, then prise it open.
  4.  **Remove the vein:** You can either pull out the vein (it’s actually the digestive tract) with your fingers or scrape it out with knife and discard.
  5.  **Butterfly them:** For this recipe we semi-butterfly the prawns, so deepen that cut to about halfway through the prawn flesh.
  6.  **Clean:** Rinse it in a bowl of water and set aside while you continue with the rest.

## How to make salt and pepper prawns

I love how easy this recipe is. Marinade the prawns, coat them in the coating,
give them a quick fry and then devour.

_Detailed quantities and instructions in therecipe card below._

  1. Dry the prawns first with paper towel **(photo 2)** so the marinade and coating will stick better.
  2. Whisk an egg white, then add the marinade ingredients **(photo 3)** before mixing through the prawns **(photo 4)**.
  3. Combine the cornflour, salt and pepper in a medium bowl and add the prawns, pressing the coating all over **(photo 5)**.
  4. Fry the prawns in hot oil for 1-2 minutes on each side **(photo 6)**.

The **cooking time will depend on the size of the prawns** – they should be
opaque white when done.

From here you mix up the lime sriracha mayo ingredients in a small bowl then
serve it alongside the prawns while they’re hot and fresh.

## How to serve

These salt and pepper prawns are perfect **served as an appetiser (4 serves)
or as a main (2 serves)**. A light side salad or some stir fried vegetables
would be perfect on the side.

This is great for a healthy option as, while they are shallow fried, it is for
such a short time they don't soak up any of that oil at all. Also, the
coating is very thin so it also stays oil free and very crispy.

You can also **use this same recipe to make salt and pepper squid** (calamari)
which is actually a favourite of mine. I can never go past it at a restaurant
and it’s why I created this recipe.

**Click to** **PIN this recipe for later!**

_If you try this salt and pepper prawns recipe,  _ ** _please take a moment
to_** _ _ ** _leave a rating and comment below_** _. I love hearing from you
and it helps other readers too! You can also take a photo and tag
@sugarsaltmagic on Instagram._

## More recipes you’ll love

  * **Sesame Prawn Toast**
  *  **Thai Panang Curry with Prawns**
  *  **Salt and Pepper Chicken Wings**
  *  **Pork Gyoza (Japanese Pork Dumplings)**
  *  **Honey Grilled Prawns with Chorizo Dukkah**
  *  **Korean Beef Tacos**

## Never Miss a Recipe!

Get the latest recipes and my **All About Chocolate** ebook!

Sign Me Up »

## Salt and Pepper Prawns (shrimp)

Yield: 4 serves

Prep Time: 20 minutes

Cook Time: 10 minutes

Marinade time: 20 minutes

Total Time: 30 minutes

5 from 3 ratings

Simple prawns (or shrimp) in a crispy spice coating, these salt and pepper
prawns are an easy, lighter dish. With a creamy lime sriracha mayo, these will
disappear as quickly as you can serve them.

Print Rate Pin

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 500 g large raw prawns, shells on _(1.1 pounds or 20 large prawns)_

#### LIME SRIRACHA MAYO

  * ▢ ⅓ cup mayonnaise (light is fine)
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon sriracha (or to taste) **(note 1)**
  * ▢ Juice of one lime (or to taste)

#### MARINADE (optional but recommended)

  * ▢ 1 egg white
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Chinese rice wine or sake **(note 1)**
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon light soy **(note 1)**
  * ▢ 2 teaspoons sesame oil

#### TO FRY

  * ▢ ½ cup cornflour (cornstarch) _(65g / 2.3oz)_
  * ▢ 2 teaspoons coursely ground black pepper
  * ▢ 2 teaspoons sea salt flakes
  * ▢ ½ cup vegetable oil (rice bran, sunflower or peanut0
  * ▢ Sliced green onion and chilli to serve (optional)

### Instructions



  * Start by shelling the prawns, leaving the tails on. With a sharp knife, slice down the back of the prawn about ½ of the way through. Scrape out the digestive tract.

#### LIME SRIRACHA MAYO

  * Combine the mayonnaise with the sriracha and lime juice. Mix well. Adjust to taste, then chill until serving time.

#### SALT AND PEPPER PRAWNS

  * In a medium bowl, whisk the egg white until frothy, then stir in the rice wine, soy and sesame oil. Add the prawns to the marinade and chill for 20 minutes.

  * Combine the cornflour, salt and pepper in a medium bowl and set aside.

  * Prepare a dish with some paper towel for resting the prawns and after cooking. Heat half the oil in a wok to about 180C / 350F.

  * Remove the prawns from the marinade and coat in the cornflour mixture, making sure to really press it on, all over.

  * Gently shake off any excess flour, then shallow fry the prawns in 2-3 batches, adding and heating the remaining oil as needed. Cook for 1-2 minutes on one side then turn over and cook for the same on the other. The time will depend on how big the prawns are but just cook until they just turn opaque white. Transfer to the paper towel to soak up any leftover oil.

  * Serve immediately with lime sriracha mayo, wedges of lime, sliced spring onion and chilli.

### Notes

  1. I use a standard Australian 20ml tablespoon (equal to 4 teaspoons)
  2. Serves 4 as an appetiser or share dish or 2 as a main size serve.

**Want more appetisers?click here**

Calories: 326kcal

Author: Marie Roffey

Course: appetiser, Appetizer, Dinner, Lunch, Snack

Cuisine: Australian, Chinese

Have you tried this recipe?Don't for get to leave a rating and comment below
and let me know how it was! I love hearing from you.

  *   *   *   *   * 

This post may contain affiliate links that earn me a small commission for my
referral, at no extra cost to you. Thank you for supporting Sugar Salt Magic.

Appetisers, Lunar New Year / Asian Inspired, Seafood

8 _comments_ Leave a Comment »

_« Previous Post_Healthy Nutty Cinnamon Muffins

_Next Post »_ _The Best Homemade Sausage Rolls

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Name *

Email *

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

###  8 Comments on "Salt and Pepper Prawns (Shrimp)"

  1. **Julie** -- January 14, 2022 @ 6:07 pm  Reply

Delicious! Will be making this again (soonO

    * **Marie Roffey** -- January 17, 2022 @ 8:03 am  Reply

I'm so happy to hear this Julie. Thanks so much for using my recipe.

  2. **Helen G** -- December 9, 2021 @ 2:36 pm  Reply

Delicious. Perfect. Thank you

    * **Marie Roffey** -- December 9, 2021 @ 2:37 pm  Reply

So great to hear, Helen. Thank you so much for trying my recipe 🙂

  3. **Jp** -- May 22, 2021 @ 7:13 pm  Reply

Made this last night, was SO good! Do you have other recipe’s for slat and
pepper using other proteins that don’t involve 5 spice? Would be great to try
some others!

    * **Marie Roffey** -- May 23, 2021 @ 12:06 pm  Reply

So happy you love it Jp. I have a Salt and Pepper Chicken Wings recipe which
works with chicken thigh as well and doesn't have five spice powder. You could
also try this recipe with squid.

  4. **Trang** -- April 18, 2019 @ 9:32 pm  Reply

I don't care much for Szechuan pepper so I skipped it but this is a simple and
delicious recipe, excellent!

    * **Marie** -- April 18, 2019 @ 9:52 pm  Reply

Thanks Trang, glad you enjoyed it

### Welcome!

**Hi, I’m Marie!** Hey there and welcome to Sugar Salt Magic. I'm a self-
taught home baker and cook passionate about making delicious food from scratch
to share with family and friends. I want to give home cooks the confidence to
get in the kitchen and create delicious recipes. Marie xx.

More About Me »

__ __ __ __

### Desserts

#### Passionfruit Panna Cotta

#### Puff Pastry Blueberry Turnovers

#### Baked Ricotta Cheesecake

#### Passionfruit Sponge Cake

More Desserts __

### get new recipes via email:

Sign Me Up »

### Latest Posts

#### Pesto Garlic Bread

#### Pesto Butter

#### Passionfruit Panna Cotta

#### Puff Pastry Blueberry Turnovers

#### Rigatoni Al Forno

#### Baked Ricotta Cheesecake

### Looking for Something?

__

**Check out ourweb stories here**

### get new recipes via email:

Sign up for my newsletter and get new recipes delivered to your inbox, plus
freebies including my **All About Chocolate** ebook!

Sign Me Up »

**(C) 2022 Sugar Salt Magic.** All Rights Reserved.  
_Design byPurr._

### Info

  * Home
  * About Me
  * Shop
  * Privacy

### Recipes

  * Browse Recipes
  * Recipe Index
  * Recipe Videos
  * My Recipe Box

### Follow

  * Instagram
  * Facebook
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

174 shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

