https://feed-your-sole.com/salt-and-pepper-prawns/


Skip to content

  * facebook
  * twitter
  * Instagram
  * pinterest

Feed Your Sole

Great Solo Meals

__

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Breakfast
    * Lunch
    * Starter
    * Dinner
    * Sides
    * Desserts
    * Drinks
  * Cooking Tips
    * How To
    * What Is
  * About Me
  * Contact

__

Search for: Search __

# Salt and Pepper Prawns

  * Home
  * Stir Fry
  * Salt and Pepper Prawns

Salt and Pepper Prawns

__May 2, 2021 April 30, 2021 __caroline

Jump to Recipe*Print Recipe

_*This post may contain affiliate links._Read my disclaimer here. While we may
use affiliate links, we would never allow this to influence product listings
or recommendations.

These salt and pepper prawns are great as part of an Asian meal platter or
served up as a fantastic starter. Crispy and flavoursome, they also take only
a few minutes to cook. If you're a fan of salt and pepper flavour dishes then
you can also check out this totally delicious salt and pepper chicken recipe.

## Where is this recipe from?

Salt and pepper prawn (or shrimp) dishes are popular in many countries across
Asia such as Taiwan and Hong Kong. I believe this recipe is most similar to a
dish you would find in China, although I can't claim that this is a strictly
traditional recipe.

## How do you make the prawns crispy?

There are several things you can do to make sure you have crisp prawns for
this dish, every time. Firstly, make sure the prawns are well coated in the
cornflour/cornstarch. Secondly, the oil temperature is critical for success in
this recipe. The prawns need to immediately sizzle when placed in the oil.

You need to make sure to maintain the temperature of the oil throughout the
cooking process. Cook only a few prawns at a time and make sure to not
overcrowd the pan. Each prawn you add will bring the temperature of the oil
down a little. After removing each batch of prawns make sure that the oil has
returned to the right temperature.

## How do you prepare the prawns?

If you have got full prawns for this recipe then first remove the head and the
shell. Break off the head and peel the shell from the remaining body. I prefer
to leave the tails attached, but you can remove them too if you like.

Next, remove the vein from the prawn. Simply cut a small slit in the back of
the prawn and then you will see a black thin thread - use a small knife or
toothpick to pull it smoothly out and discard.

## Ingredients

For a full list of ingredients, you can jump to the printable recipe card
below.

  * large uncooked prawns, peeled (with tail left on) and deveined
  * cornflour / cornstarch
  * oil
  * garlic, finely chopped
  * red and green chillis
  * spring onion
  * salt & pepper
  * Chinese 6 spice
  * lime (juice only)

## How to make it

  1. First toss the prawns through the flour until fully coated all over. 
  2. Heat the oil until 200C/400F. If you don't have a kitchen thermometer you can add a small pinch of the flour to the oil and if it simmers then it's ready. 
  3. Add the prawns to the oil one by one, shaking off any excess flour from each one before adding. If you are making more than two portions (or your pan is on the small side) then I suggest adding them in two or more batches. If you add too many then it will reduce the heat of the oil too much which will stop them from becoming crisp. 
  4. Cook the prawns for 3-4 minutes and then remove carefully using a strainer or metal slotted spoon and place in a bowl lined with paper towel. 
  5. Next add a teaspoon of the oil to a frying pan or wok and, when hot, add the garlic and chilli. Cook for around 1 minute and then add the spring onion and cook for a further minute. Add the prawns into the pan with the salt, pepper and five-spice and the lime juice and cook for a further 1-2 minutes. 
  6. Serve with a dipping sauce such as sweet chilli. Yum! 

If you are looking for other great Asian-inspired recipes then you might also
like:

  * Pak choy with oyster sauce
  * Mandarin orange chicken
  * Cumin lamb
  * Honey chilli chicken
  * Asian Style Noodle & Courgette Salad

**Products that work well for this recipe:**

### Stainless Steel Strainer Set

Set of 3 different strainers. - Made of stainless steel - 1 Skimmer Spoon, - 1
Fine mesh skimmer - 1 Net strainer Perfect for different needs such as frying
and pasta

Buy Now

### Carbon Steel Wok

Lightweight & works on electric stoves, induction stoves, gas ranges and other
heat sources.

Buy Now

### 2 Japanese Ramen and Noodle Bowls

- Handmade from fine stoneware porcelain which is lead-free, durable and restaurant-grade. -Each bowl set comes with chopsticks forks and spoons. - Microwave and dishwasher safe 

Buy Now

Print

clock clock iconcutlery cutlery iconflag flag iconfolder folder iconinstagram
instagram iconpinterest pinterest iconfacebook facebook iconprint print
iconsquares squares iconheart heart iconheart solid heart solid icon

## Salt and Pepper Prawns

* * *

  * Author: caroline
  * Total Time: 25 minutes
  * Yield: 2 1x

Print Recipe

Pin Recipe

### Description

These salt and pepper prawns are unbelievably tasty and crispy. Plus they only
take minutes to cook. They are a perfect starter option or addition to an
Asian platter.

The default recipe serves two as a main or 3-4 as a starter.

* * *

### Ingredients

Copy to clipboard Copy to clipboard

Scale 1x2x3x

  * 250g / 9oz large, uncooked prawns peeled (with tail left on) and deveined (see instructions in the main post)
  * 30 g / 1/4 cup cornflour/cornstarch
  * 250ml / 1 cup vegetable or canola oil
  * 1 large red chilli, sliced diagonally
  * 1 large green chilli, sliced diagonally
  * 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped
  * 2 spring onions, sliced (lighter part only)
  * 1/4 tsp salt
  * 1/2 tsp Chinese 5 spice
  * 1/4 tsp ground pepper
  * 1 lime, juice only, plus extra wedges for serving

* * *

### Instructions

  1. First, place the prawns in a large bowl and tip over the cornflour/cornstarch. Mix together until the prawns are fully coated in the flour. 
  2. Next, add the oil to a large saucepan and bring to 200C/400F. Make sure that it is hot enough if you don't have a kitchen thermometer by adding pinch of the flour and making sure that it sizzles as soon as it hits the oil.
  3. Carefully add the prawns to the oil using some kitchen tongs. Shake them gently before adding to the oil to remove any excess flour. Work in batches so you don't overcrowd the pan and don't bring the temperature of the oil down too much. 
  4. Carefully remove the cooked prawns from the pan with a strainer or metal tongs. Place on a plate lined with paper towel to soak up any excess oil. 
  5. Heat a teaspoon of the oil in a frying pan or wok over medium-high heat. Add the garlic and chilli and cook for a minute before adding the spring onion and cooking for a further minute. 
  6. Add the prawns, salt, pepper and 5 spice to the pan and squeeze in the lime juice. Cook for a further minute. 
  7. Serve with fresh lime wedges

### Notes

  1. Note that the size of the chilli relates to how hot it is. The smaller it is the more heat it will pack. Therefore if you use a smaller chilli it will turn out hotter so you may want to use a smaller amount
  2. If you don't have any 5 spice then you can substitute star anise (the main ingredient in 5 spice) or garam masala - or a mixture of both.

  * Prep Time: 10 minutes
  * Cook Time: 15 minutes
  * Category: Dinner
  * Method: Fry
  * Cuisine: Asian

### Nutrition

  * **Serving Size:** 1 (main)
  * **Calories:** 270
  * **Fat:** 21g
  * **Carbohydrates:** 21g
  * **Protein:** 20g

Keywords: prawns, seafood, asian, starter, main, chinese

### Did you make this recipe?

Tag @feedyoursolerecipes on Instagram and hashtag it #feedyoursolerecipes

__asian, main, prawns, seafood, starter

####  __You May Also Like

###  Chinese Cumin Lamb

__July 24, 2020 July 17, 2020 __caroline

###  Marie Rose Sauce

__September 2, 2021 September 1, 2021 __caroline

###  Leftover Turkey Queso Fundido

__December 14, 2019 December 12, 2019 __caroline

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe rating _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_

Comment

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Current [email protected] *

Leave this field empty

### Sign up for our Newsletter!

Email address

I have read and agree to the terms & conditions

Leave this field empty if you're human:

### Latest Recipes

  * Buttermilk Chicken Burger
  * Iced Latte
  * How to Poach Chicken
  * Crispy Chilli Beef
  * Celeriac Chips

### Find a Recipe

Find a Recipe Select Category Best of British Breakfast Brunch Chicken &
Poultry Cocktail Cooking Tips Curry Desserts Dinner Drink Fish Fruit How to
Keto Lunch Meat Mocktail Pasta Pie Recipes Salad Sauces & Chutneys Seafood
Side Dishes Slow Cooker Snacks Soup Starter Stew Stir Fry Vegan Vegetables
Vegetarian What Is Search for: Search __

Welcome to Feed Your Sole, where I'm aiming to show you that cooking for one
can be fun, healthy, nutritious and anything but boring!.

### Useful links

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Breakfast
    * Lunch
    * Starter
    * Dinner
    * Sides
    * Desserts
    * Drinks
  * Cooking Tips
    * How To
    * What Is
  * About Me
  * Contact

### Connect

  * facebook
  * twitter
  * Instagram
  * pinterest

Copyright (C) 2022 Feed Your Sole Theme: Flash by ThemeGrill. Proudly powered
by WordPress

  * Privacy Policy
  * Copyright © 2021 feed-your-sole.com

__

