https://khinskitchen.com/salt-and-pepper-prawns/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * All Recipes
  * Popular
  * Asian
  * Dinner
  * Noodles
  * Rice
  * Subscribe my Newsletter
  * About Me
  * Contact Me
  * Terms & Conditions
  * search...

menu icon

search icon

search...

  * All Recipes
  * Popular
  * Asian
  * Dinner
  * Noodles
  * Rice
  * Subscribe my Newsletter
  * About Me
  * Contact Me
  * Terms & Conditions

×

Home > Recipes > Seafood

# Salt and Pepper Prawns

Published: Jun 10, 2020 · Modified: Jun 21, 2021 · by Khin · This post may
contain affiliate links.

Jump to Recipe

Crispy Salt and Pepper Prawns recipe with a light, airy, non-greasy coating!
Perfect as a starter or serves with steamed rice or stir fry noodles and make
it a delicious meal.

One of the most popular restaurant dishes you can find in all most all Chinese
and Oriental restaurants. It's quite an expensive dish and you will get only a
small amount when you order from takeout and restaurants. Whenever we ordered
takeout, my family never seems to have enough, so I tried to make large
batches at home. I've learned this recipe from my friend, who was a Chinese
chef, it becomes our family's favourite crispy prawn recipe. Hope you enjoy
making it too!

## Chinese Salt and Pepper Prawns

Chinese-style crispy salt and pepper dishes are famous in UK Chinese takeaways
and restaurants. Coated prawns, chicken, squid, or chips are fried to crispy
and tossed with vegetables and seasoning mix.

**How to make Chinese salt and pepper seasoning mix?** You can simply mix the
same amount of salt, white or black pepper, Chinese five spices powder. Add
chicken powder or msg in the powder mix if you want to taste exactly like your
favourite takeout.

You can make an extra seasoning mix and keep it in an airtight container for
future use. I love to add this seasoning mix in my stir-fries too.

**How to make Salt and Chilli Prawns** : If you are a Salt and Chilli fan, add
about half a teaspoon of dry crushed chill flakes and fresh chilli slices
after the onions. Adjust the chilli amount according to your taste.

**Sichuan Style Salt and Chilli Prawns:** To make it Sichuan style crispy
prawns, add the same amount of crushed Sichuan peppercorn in the seasoning
powder mixture. As Sichuan peppercorns have numbing sensation and unique sharp
flavour, only a small amount needs to be used.

**Which prawns to use?** Use peeled and deveined large king prawns or tiger
prawns(shrimps) for this recipe as it can shrink a bit when you fry it. You
can also try with fish fillets or squid too.

For the vegetarian option, firm tofu and chips can be substitutes. Omit
chicken powder in the seasoning mixture.

**Vegetables:** Onion, bell peppers, and spring onions are classic veggies
that most takeout and restaurants add. Carrot thin strips and snow peas taste
great too!

### **How To Make It**

First of all cut garlic, chillies, onions and bell pepper into thin slices.

Pat dry the prawns with a paper towel and simply season the prawns with salt
and black pepper. Coat the seasoned prawns with corn starch. Suggest using
corn or potato starch ( flour ) for extra crispiness.

Dredge each prawns in corn starch , press gently and toss the excess flour out
before frying.

Heat the oil into high heat about 350 F. You can check the oil temperature
with a food thermometer or wooden chopstick. Dip the chopstick or wooden spoon
in the oil, when the bubbles are fizzing fast and steadily it's ready to fry.

Add the coated prawns and deep fry for 2-3 mins until the prawns are crispy
golden brown. Do not overcrowd the oil, fry batches if needed. Overcrowding
can drop the oil temperature down and prawns coating can get soggy. (Use any
neutral flavour oil like peanut, sunflower, canola or vegetable oil for deep
frying.)

Remove prawns from oil and set aside on cooling rack or paper towel.

Stir fry the garlic slices for few seconds, follow with onions and peppers
slices.

Toss in the fried prawns, salt, pepper, and Chinese five spices. You can add
quarter teaspoon of chicken powder if you want to taste exactly like a
restaurant.

Toss well to combine all ingredients with medium high heat for 1 min. Crispy
Aromatic Salt and Pepper Prawns are ready! Serve immediately!

Hope you like this recipe and try out at home with friends and family.

#### Here is more of our favourite Asian prawns/shrimp recipes you might like
to try:

  * Crispy Honey Shrimp ( Crispy fried shrimp/prawns in sticky honey sauce. )
  * Sweet and Sour Prawn Balls ( Crispy fried prawns in classic sweet and sour sauce. )
  * Shanghai Noodles with Prawns ( King prawns with noodles and homemade stir fry sauce. )
  * Stir-Fry Prawns & Broccoli ( Super quick and easy weeknight dinner option! )

If you enjoy our recipe, please leave a comment and give us a rating! If
you’ve tried this recipe, tag me on social media, I would love to see your
creations! Follow me on social media Facebook, Instagram and Pinterest for the
latest updates.

## Watch How to Make With Video Instructions :

https://youtu.be/5QcZ0U8e8PAVideo can't be loaded because JavaScript is
disabled: Crunchy Salt and Pepper Prawns | Simple & Easy Recipe
(https://youtu.be/5QcZ0U8e8PA)

## Salt and Pepper Prawns

3.75 from 4 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Chinese Cuisine

Prep Time: 15 minutes

Cook Time: 15 minutes

Servings: 4

Calories: 215kcal

Author: Khin

### Ingredients

#### Prawn Seasonings

  * ▢ ¼ Tsp salt
  * ▢ ¼ Tsp black pepper

#### Ingredient

  * ▢ 400 g Prawns (Peeled & Deveined) 
  * ▢ 1 cup Corn/Potato starch (flour) 
  * ▢ 3-4 cloves Garlic
  * ▢ ½ Sweet onion
  * ▢ ½ Red/Green bell pepper
  * ▢ ¼ tsp Salt
  * ▢ ¼ tsp Black Pepper
  * ▢ ¼ tsp Chinese Five Spices

### Instructions

  * Put prawns in a bowl and season with salt and pepper. Mix well and set aside.

  * Cut garlic, chillies, onions and bell pepper into thin slices.

  * Coat the seasoned prawns with the corn starch. Coat the prawns well and toss the excess flour out before frying.

  * Heat the oil into high heat about 350 F. Add the coated prawns and deep fry for 2-3 mins till the prawns get crispy. Remove from oil and set aside on cooling rack.

  * Heat a pan, drizzle 1 tbsp of oil. Add the garlic slices and stir for few seconds, then add the onions and peppers. Stir well. ( Add ½ Tsp of chicken powder if you want to taste exactly like a restaurant.)

  * Add the fried prawns , sprinkle salt, pepper and chinese five spices. Toss well to combine all ingredients with medium high heat for 1 min.

  * Crispy Aromatic Salt and Pepper Prawns are ready! Serve immediately!

### Nutrition

Calories: 215kcal | Carbohydrates: 35g | Protein: 14g | Fat: 1g | Saturated
Fat: 1g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 1g | Monounsaturated Fat: 1g | Trans Fat: 1g |
Cholesterol: 126mg | Sodium: 864mg | Potassium: 207mg | Fiber: 1g | Sugar: 3g
| Vitamin A: 648IU | Vitamin C: 22mg | Calcium: 69mg | Iron: 1mg

Tried this Recipe? Pin it for Later!Mention @KhinsKitchen or tag
#KhinsKitchen!

« Chicken Chow Mein

Stir-Fried Udon Noodle ( Yaki Udon ) »

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Ejhay Arceo Thomas says

December 30, 2021 at 6:39 am

  
So deliciously recipes I ever tasted, yummy, yummy!

Reply

  2. Joanne Chew says

August 04, 2021 at 1:07 pm

Can I cook the salt and pepper prawns in air fryer, roughly how long would
they take ? Thanks Joanne

Reply

    * Khin says

August 06, 2021 at 5:44 pm

Hi Joanne, spray cooking oil on the coated prawns and fry it with a pre-heated
air fryer about 400 degree F ( 200'C ) for about 10 minutes or until crispy.
Flip halfway through. Hope it helps.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

## Primary Sidebar

  

**Hi, I'm Khin!** This blog is all about my family home cooking recipes. I
want to share how to make delicious meals from simplest method with step-by-
step cooking videos.

More about me →

### Popular Post

  * Sweet and Sour Chicken Hong Kong Style

  * Spicy Chicken Pasta

  * Crispy Salt and Chilli Chicken

  * King Prawn Chow Mein

  * Crispy Shredded Chicken

  * Crispy Chilli Beef (with Sweet Chilli)

### Asian Take out

  * Chinese Chicken Curry

  * Crispy Shredded Beef Recipe

  * Chinese Salt and Pepper Chips

  * Salt and Pepper Chicken

  * Lamb Karahi

  * Lamb Tikka Masala

  * Masala Chips

  * Crispy Honey Chilli Chicken

###  New Recipes

  * Salmon and Prawn Pasta

  * Satay Chicken Curry

  * Easy Beef Chow Mein

  * Easy Chicken Tempura

## Footer

↑ back to top

  * About Me
  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms & Conditions

  * Sign Up! for recipe newsletter

  * Contact

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2022 KHIN'S KITCHEN

