https://www.cult.fit/live/recipe/veg-manchow-soup/RECIPE685


##### FITNESS

##### CARE

##### MIND

##### STORE

GET APP

  1. Home >
  2. Live >
  3. Recipe >
  4. Veg Manchow Soup

# Veg Manchow Soup

Time15 Min

DifficultyEasy

Serves2

Cold wintry days call for a comforting bowl of veg manchow soup to warm you
up. This aromatic and healthy veg manchow soup recipe is made by adapting
Chinese seasoning and cooking techniques to cater to the Indian palate. Made
with your choice of freshest vegetables topped with crispy noodles and Chinese
sauces, this hot and spicy soup can be the perfect complement to your Hakka
noodles or fried r ... ice. This ultra-satisfying soup might have originated
in India with a North-east Asian name referring to Manchurian. It is popularly
sold as a quick-meal on the road-side food stalls and snack counters
worldwide. The strong accents of garlic and ginger make this veg manchow soup
ideal for lifting up your spirits with its tongue-tickling flavour. Instead of
ready-made soups packed with preservatives, make this veg manchow soup
restaurant style at home and enjoy it with your entire family. Increase the
serving of soup from one to two per day for your kids depending on their age.
If you’re on a vegan diet prepare veg manchow soup at home with your own
customized version of this recipe. Tofu sprouts or mushrooms add for more
protein value to the soup. Use vegetable stock instead of water for better
flavour. Sprinkle the fried noodles just before the serving or else they will
turn soggy. With the easily available veg manchow ingredients found in your
kitchen, this delicious dish can be cooked up in a jiffy. Use finely chopped
seasonal vegetables to soften them up faster during cooking. Adjust the spice
level for younger children. For thicker consistency of the soup add more
cornstarch.

READ MORE

Nutrition Info. (per serving)

ProteinFatCarbsFibre233 Cal233 Cal233 Cal233 Cal

  * 7gProtein

  * 5gFat

  * 39gCarbs

  * 10gFibre

## Ingredients

### Dry Grocery

Light Soy Sauce

1 tablespoon

Refined Oil

2 teaspoons

Salt

1 teaspoon

Whole Wheat Noodles

60 g

Corn Flour

1 teaspoon

### Fruits & Vegetables

Ginger

4 g

Onion

1 unit

Carrot-regular

1 unit

Spring Onion

20 g

French Beans

9 pieces

### Other

Pepper

1 teaspoon

Red Chilli Paste

2 teaspoons

Garlic

4 pieces

Green Cabbage

50 g

Water

2 cups

Vegetable Stock

2 cups

Directions

1

Boil the noodles with little salt and oil. Once it is soft, drain it. Drizzle
a little oil over the noodles to prevent sticking. Bake the noodles to make it
crispy at 180 degrees for 10 minutes.

2

Fine chop the ginger, garlic, onion, cabbage, beans, carrot and keep it aside.
Heat oil in a pan, add chopped ginger, garlic saute well with salt and pepper,
add chopped veggies, cook until soft and chili paste and cook well.

3

Add veg stock. Mix well, add soy sauce and bring it to boil. Mix corn flour
with little water.

4

Add corn flour slurry and let it boil for a min. Finish it with lemon juice
and check seasoning.

5

Serve hot with the crispy noodles. Garnish with spring onion.

Health Benefits of Veg Manchow Soup

These veg manchow soup calories are less enough to promote quick weight-loss.
The dietary fibre of the vegetables used in this soup maintains normal bowel
function. This wholesome dish boosts your immunity and fastens recovery
especially during cold and fever. This appetizing soup hydrates our body, aids
in better metabolism and keeps us energized all day. Considering the veg
manchow soup benefits, make this broth in batches or refrigerate the leftovers
for upto 5-days consumption. This step-by-step veg manchow soup description
will surely help you to transform any kind of vegetable into a nourishing soup
with minimal time and effort.

READ MORE

## Success!

#### We hope you had fun making it! Enjoy the meal.

What is Manchow Soup?

Nothing is more comforting than a steaming hot bowl of Manchow Soup when
hunger pangs hurt your tummy on a chilly day. And since its preparation is a
matter of minutes, Manchow Soup is certainly something you must try, even when
it’s not the winter season. The soup, filled with spices and veggies, is also
a healthy delight to those who are on a balanced diet. To those who just
praise the taste, this soup also serves justice to the taste buds. In short,
Manchow Soup is something you should relish once. Now coming back to the
Manchow soup recipe, you would be happy to know that the dish can be made in
both vegetarian and non-vegetarian style. It would just take a change of a few
Manchow soup ingredients. We have shared below the easy veg Manchow soup
recipe along with a variation of non-Veg Manchow soup. Once you learn how to
make Manchow soup at home, you would not spend money at restaurants. Let’s
begin!

Veg Manchow Soup Recipe

Before talking about the steps of the Manchow soup recipe, let us acquaint you
with the ingredients required for the dish. Ingredients 4 Cup Water 1 Tsp Salt
1 Tsp Oil 1 Pack Hakka Noodles 1 Tsp Cornflour Oil (For Frying) 2 Tbsp Oil 1
Inch Ginger (Finely Chopped) 2 Clove Garlic (Finely Chopped) 2 Chilli (Finely
Chopped) ½ Onion (Finely Chopped) ½ Carrot (Finely Chopped) 3 Tbsp Cabbage
(Finely Chopped) ½ Capsicum (Finely Chopped) 5 Beans (Finely Chopped) 2 Tbsp
Coriander Stem (Chopped) 4 Cup Water ¾ Tsp Salt 2 Tbsp Soy Sauce 2 Tbsp
Vinegar ½ Tsp Pepper Powder 1 Tsp Chilli Sauce 1 Tsp Cornflour ¼ Cup Water
(For Slurry) 2 Tbsp Coriander (Finely Chopped) INSTRUCTIONS Manchow Soup
Preparation: For the Veg Manchow soup recipe, heat oil in a large kadai or
wok. Sauté ginger, garlic and chillies. Next, add onions and sauté them until
they shrink a bit, It is time to add vegetables. Add carrots, cabbage,
capsicum, beans and coriander. Make sure the vegetables are finely chopped and
washed. Stir fry the vegetables but do not overcook. Now, add water and salt
to the vegetables and boil to absorb all the flavours well. Add sauces such as
soy sauce and chilli sauce along with vinegar and pepper powder. Combine the
ingredients well. Meanwhile, take a bowl and add water and cornflour into it.
Pour this mixture into the soup. This will improve the thickness. Keep boiling
the Veg Manchow soup until it starts getting thick and glossy. Sprinkle
chopped coriander and mix well. Your Veg Manchow soup is ready. Serve it hot
by topping it with whole wheat noodles.

Tips and Variation For Manchow Soup Recipe

Here are a few things you should know to make Manchow soup restaurant style:
To make the Manchow soup recipe spicier, try to add the sauces and spices such
as hot sauce, pepper, and chilli in considerable amounts. You can also add veg
stock instead of water to get a richer flavour. Only add crispy noodles just
before serving the Manchow soup. You can also add more vegetables of your
choice to make the manchow soup healthier. If you want to make Chicken Manchow
Soup, just add the chicken breast in the third step of “Preparing Manchow
Soup”. Just sauté the chicken breast properly on high heat to make sure it
gets cooked well. For more details, you can watch Manchow soup video.

Other Recipes to Try:

If you love the Manchow soup recipe, we would suggest you take your cooking to
the next level. Try the following recipes and serve your stomach with
delicious delights from Chinese cuisine: Fried Rice : With the goodness of
vegetables, fried rice is a healthy retreat to try. Though you can make fried
rice using freshly boiled rice, it is also an excellent way to use leftover
rice and give it a tasty twist. If you love chicken, you can also try chicken
fried rice and get a perfect lunch or dinner in no time. Dim Sums: One of the
most popular street snacks, the small and round dim sums are something you
must try. These steamed rounds are filled with vegetables or meat. You can
also enjoy the various varieties of dim sums ranging from Pan Tossed Dumplings
to the baked ones. Schezwan Noodles : Who can forget to talk about this spicy
and tangy dish when talking about popular Indo-Chinese dishes. You can make
this dish with a homemade Schezwan sauce, stir-fried vegetables and noodles.
It is a popular street snack and is best suited for a weeknight dinner or
leisure lunch. Chicken Hakka Noodles : Another noodle dish, this one is made
by tossing chicken with boiled noodles. The vegetables and Chinese sauces
further enhance the flavours you end up craving for more. As per your choice,
you can make Chicken Hakka Noodles spicy or sober. You can serve the noodles
with a hot sauce or Manchurian. Manchurian: Even though it is not an authentic
and traditional Chinese dish, Manchurian does deserve attention owing to its
amazing savour. The recipe also has plenty of variations such as Gobi
Manchurian, Veg Manchurian, Corn Manchurian, Mushroom Manchurian, and so on.
Just pick your choice and get a lip-smacking plate of this dish ready.

Top Searches

Fitness

Weight Loss Exercise | Six Pack Abs | Cardio Exercise | HIIT Workout | Belly
Fat Exercises | Exercise For Kids |

Mindfulness

Yoga Poses | Weight Loss Yoga | Yoga for Kids | Types of Surya Namaskar |
Online Yoga Classes | Beginners Yoga | Nidra | Music Meditation | Yoga
Pranayam | Bedtime Stories | Bedtime Stories For Kids | Mindfulness Meditation
| Meditation in Hindi | Sleep Meditation | Meditation

Online Doctor Consultation & Diagnostic Tests

Dentist Near Me | Gynaecologist Near Me | Dermatologist Near Me |
Endocrinologist Near Me | Pulmonologist Near Me | Cardiologist Near Me |
Orthopedist Doctor Near Me | Thyroid Test | Pregnancy Test | Full Body Checkup
| Kidney Function Test | Therapist Near Me | Online Counselling |
Physiotherapist Near Me

Healthy Recipes

Sambar Recipe | Masala For Dosa | Kadai Paneer Recipe | Neer Dosa | Manchow
Soup | Chicken Soup | Chilli Baby Corn | Homemade Protein Powder | Thukpa |
Paneer Masala | Chicken Keema | Badam Milk | Aloo Tikki Chaat | Moong Dal
Kachori

At cult.fit, we make group workouts fun, daily food healthy & tasty, mental
fitness easy with yoga & meditation, Medical & lifestyle care hassle-
free.#BeBetterEveryDay

cult.fit for business

cult.fit franchise

corporate partnerships

cult pass network

t&c for business

partner.fit

blogs

security

careers

contact us

privacy policy

cult bmi calculator

terms & conditions

Related Searches

Ragda Pattice Recipe

Aloo Tikki Chaat Recipe

Bhel Puri Recipe

Chivda Recipe

Corn Chat Recipe

Hakka Noodles Recipe

Aloo Gobhi Recipe

Chana Chat Recipe

Dabeli Recipe

Paneer Korma Recipe

Thukpa

Bharwa Bhindi Recipe

Egg Sandwich Recipe

Quinoa Khichdi Recipe

Sattu Protein Shake Recipe

Homemade Protein Powder Recipe

Panjiri Recipe

Spinach Soup Recipe

Pad Thai Noodles

French Toast Recipe

Gajar Ka Halwa Recipe

Shahi Paneer Recipe

Sambar Recipe

Aloo Matar Recipe

Paneer Tikka Recipe

Pav Bhaji Recipe

Bread Cutlet Recipe

Chicken Keema Recipe

Bhindi Masala Recipe

Paneer Masala Recipe

Chicken Keema Recipe

Masala Oats Recipe

Chocolate Ice Cream Recipe

Masala Idli Recipe

Dhokla Ka Recipe

Chilli Paneer Recipe

Egg Curry Recipe

Gobi Manchurian Recipe

Kadai Paneer Recipe

Sabudana Kheer

Veg Cutlet Recipe

Gatte Ki Sabzi Recipe

Lachha Paratha Recipe

Palak Paneer Recipe

Daal Makhani Recipe

Hara Bhara Kebab Recipe

Suji Halwa Recipe

Bread Upma Recipe

Veg Frankie Recipe

Lachha Paratha Recipe

Suji Halwa Recipe

Tamarind Rice Recipe

Roast Chicken Recipe

Masala Idli Recipe

Aloo Baingan Recipe

Matar Pulao Recipe

Apple Crumble Recipe

Matar Kulcha Recipe

Besan Ladoo Recipe

Recipes

Gym Near Me

Mindfulness

Exercise

Diagnostic Test

Online Yoga Classes

Surya Namaskar

Home Workout

Pav Bhaji Fondue

