https://www.indianhealthyrecipes.com/manchow-soup/


Skip to content

Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About

Search

Toggle Menu

Search

# Manchow Soup Recipe

Home >> Recipes >> Indo-Chinese Recipes

Byswasthi

4 Comments

__WhatsApp

 __Share

 __Pin

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

Manchow soup is a restaurant style Chinese vegetarian soup made with mixed
vegetables, garlic, ginger, soya sauce, ground pepper & a few other pantry
ingredients. This super flavorful umami tasting soup is served with crispy
fried noodles. Doesn't that sound addictive? Yes! It is one of the most loved
soups by the kids and youth in India. If you taste this once you are sure to
agree - it's fabulous! Try out this best manchow soup at home with my easy
recipe. I also share the tips and tricks to make it healthier.

* * *

Indo **Chinese cuisine** has a lot of gems hidden within its recipe box. Soups
hold a prominent position on the menu. Manchow soup is one of those hot and
yummy soups that is a crowd favorite with very few party poopers.

_Anyway what is it actually?_

## About Manchow Soup

Manchow soup is one of the popular hot soups from the Indo-Chinese cuisine.
Stir fried vegetables are immersed in a pot of water/stock enriched with
aromatics and seasonings to create a flavorful dish full of nutrients. The
smoky aroma, umami taste, crunchy vegetables and a right balance of all the
tastes is what makes this manchow soup so good.

Moreover the garnish isn't simply your everyday ingredients but crunchy fried
noodles that make you want to eat more.

For a vegetarian version, vegetable broth is often used to provide the extra
flavor. For a chicken version, sometimes chicken stock is used. However for a
homemade version we can simply use water & yet make it taste good.

**Contents** hide

1 About Manchow Soup

2 How to Make Manchow Soup (Stepwise Photos)

3 Ingredients and substitutes

4 Pro tips

5 Variations of Manchow Soup

6 Recipe Card

If you've enjoyed hot and sour soup (another Chinese restaurant favorite),
you'll definitely relish this manchow soup. While both soups employ similar
elements, manchow contains more of stir-fried vegetables and is less sour.

The best thing about making these restaurant style soups at home is that you
can control the ingredients that go into it. This is a nutritious hot soup (if
you discount the fried noodles) with fresh foods.

### My recipe

I've made this the simplest way by using basic vegetables you find in most
Chinese recipes. More than the ingredients it is the method and the carbon
steel wok that actually imparts the magical smoky aroma to your manchow soup.

So I highly suggest using a carbon steel wok for the true Chinese flavors. If
you don't have one, use a bare cast iron pot but refrain stirring vinegar into
the pot. Pour it directly into your serving bowl instead.

You can make this soup anytime you want. But you can prepare this in no time
if you're already cooking vegetables for other Chinese dishes like **fried
rice** or **noodles**.

The manchow soup served in restaurants is thicker than traditional **clear
soup**. I am using cornstarch to provide the similar effect. But I have
cutdown the cornstarch so it won't be as thick as in the restaurants. If you
want thicker soup, add more cornstarch.

For a healthier version, you can air fry the noodles instead of deep frying.
The other option is to skip the fried noodles and use al dente cooked noodles
instead, but it won't be the authentic version you order in restaurants.

You can also skip the step of boiling and preparing noodles in this recipe and
simple use Mamee monster crunchy noodle snack as a topping. By skipping this
step making manchow soup at home becomes super easy.

More Soup Recipes  
**Spinach Soup  
Corn Soup  
Vegetable Soup  
Tomato Soup  
Barley Soup**

Advertisement

## How to Make Manchow Soup (Stepwise Photos)

### Cook the noodles

1\. For this step you may follow the instructions on the pack of your noodles.
or Bring 2.5 liters of water to a rolling boil in a pot. Break 150 grams of
noodles, preferably Hakka noodles to 3 to 4 pieces. Add to the pot of boiling
water & cook al dente, on a moderately high heat for the time mentioned on
your pack. I had to cook mine for 2 to 3 minutes. I turned off after 3
minutes. Ensure your noodles are al dent and not over cooked.

2\. Immediately drain the cooked noodles to a colander and rinse with running
cold water, under the tap. Let the noodles sit for a while in the colander,
until all of the water drains.

3\. Spread on a large tray or plate. Set aside for 30 minutes.

### Prepare the vegetables

4\. It is very important to finely chop the following vegetables

  * 1 small carrot (⅓ cup)
  * 4 to 5 French beans (2 to 3 tablespoons)
  * 2 to 3 tablespoons bell peppers (optional)
  * 3 to 4 mushrooms (optional)
  * 2 tablespoons coriander leaves and stems (separated or celery)
  * ¼ cup onions (1 small)

Shred ¾ to 1 cup cabbage. I put the shredded cabbage in luke warm salted water
and let rest for a while. Then rinsed and drained to a colander with no excess
moisture in it. Chop 2 stalks of spring onions and keep the green and white
parts of the onion aside separately. Finely chop ¾ tablespoon peeled ginger
and ¾ tablespoon garlic and 1 green chilli.

Advertisement

5\. Add 1½ to 2 tablespoons of oil to a wok and heat it on high heat. Add more
or less of oil as per your cooking preference. You have to be quick in
following these steps so you don't burn the food. Add ¾ tablespoon of finely
chopped ginger, ¾ tablespoon of finely chopped ginger, green chili and
coriander stems. Saute until slightly aromatic for 30 seconds.

6\. Add ¼ cup of finely chopped onion and the chopped white parts of 2 to 3
sprigs of spring onions. You'll be using the green parts later.

7\. Fry for 3-4 minutes, stirring often until they turn golden but not burnt.

Advertisement

8\. Now add all the chopped vegetables. Add 1 small carrot (⅓ cup), ¾ to 1 cup
of shredded cabbage, 2 to 3 tablespoons of finely chopped French beans and
bell peppers (capsicum). Add 3-4 finely chopped mushrooms and mix well to
combine.

9\. Stir fry vegetables (continue on a high flame) for 2 minutes until
aromatic. Stir frequently to ensure the food doesn't burn.

10\. Pour 4 cups of water or vegetable stock and bring to a rolling boil.

11\. Make a slurry 1½ tablespoon of corn flour (cornstarch) with 3 tablespoons
of water. Reduce the heat slightly. Keep stirring the soup with a ladle and
slowly incorporate the cornstarch slurry into the soup.

12\. Let the soup simmer on medium-low heat. The cornstarch will help thicken
up the soup. Add 2 tablespoons of finely chopped coriander leaves and the
green onions.

Advertisement

13\. Pour 3 tablespoons organic soya sauce or tamari.

14\. Add ½ to ¾ teaspoon salt and ¼ teaspoon of crushed black or white pepper.
Start with less salt initially as soy sauce comes with added salt. Turn off
the heat when the soup turns slightly thick.

### Frying noodles

If you're adding fried noodle as topping, now is the time to fry it.

15\. Dust the dry noodles with 2 to 2½ tablespoons of cornstarch and toss them
well.

Advertisement

16\. This removes remaining moisture and prevents the noodles from sticking
together. The fried noodles are crispier too.

17\. Heat 1 cup of oil in a pan or skillet on a medium heat. When the oil is
hot enough, add the noodles in batches and fry until they are crisp and
golden. Do not over crowd the pan. When one side of the noodles are done, turn
them to the other side and fry. I fried the entire noodles in 4 to 5 batches.

Drain the noodles to a steel colander.

### How to serve manchow soup?

Taste manchow soup and add additional seasonings if required. Add 1 teaspoon
to tablespoon of rice vinegar and stir.

Ladle equal amounts of soup into individual bowls. Top with fried noodles and
the green parts of chopped spring onions.

Serve the soup as an appetizer. The soup make a healthy afternoon or evening
snack. Add it to a main meal and serve it with fried rice or noodle dish.

**How long can I keep manchow?**

The soup stays fresh in an airtight container in the fridge for 4-5 days. Make
a big batch of this soup for the week. Don't add fried noodles or other
toppings to the soup, but store them separately.

## Ingredients and substitutes

If you regularly make Chinese food at home, you'll probably have all the
ingredients stocked in the kitchen.

Fresh vegetables: This soup is nutrient rich with vegetables like carrots,
French beans, cabbage and bell peppers. Add more of the vegetables like
mushrooms, sweet corn etc, if you prefer.

Can you modify this recipe by using other vegetables?  
Use those vegetables that complement soup dishes and Chinese flavors from red
cabbage and lettuce to zucchini and radishes, and even lotus root.

Asian Noodles: Hakka noodles are the other important element in a manchow
soup. However you may use soba, udon or any other whole grain noodles to
serve. Boil, drain and serve them. The crispy noodles part in this recipe has
not been tested with other kind of noodles.

Coriander leaves and celery stalks: Fresh celery and coriander leaves add an
extra level of flavor to your soup. If you don't have celery add chopped
coriander stems instead like the way I did.

Aromatics: Ginger, garlic and onions transform an ordinary tasting dish into
something delectable. This soup contains both spring onions and onions. The
white parts of spring onions go into the soup while we reserve the green for
toppings.

Soy sauce: This provides the unique umami flavor to this Chinese soup. You may
substitute that with the same amount of Tamari like the way I did.

Tofu or paneer or mushrooms: They provide the protein content and meat-like
texture to your dish. Add pan seared tofu or paneer if you can't have or don't
like mushrooms.

Cornstarch: My recipe uses cornstarch to thicken the soup. Skip this for a
thin soup. Or sub with equal amounts of arrowroot powder or tapioca flour. The
thickener is also added to dry noodles to remove excess moisture, prevent them
from sticking together. The starch coated noodles are crispier when deep
fried.

## Pro tips

  * Cook the noodle in advance as they need to dry out before you fry them.
  * Add 1 to 2 teaspoons of hot or chili sauce if you prefer heat in your soups.
  * Go easy on the cornflour paste if you prefer a thinner soup.

## Variations of Manchow Soup

  * Make this healthier by skipping the fried noodles. Add the cooked noodles directly to the soup while it simmers.
  * Add soba, udon or millet noodles to serve a different variety of manchow soup.
  * To make a soup meal or a light dinner, add more protein like tofu or paneer while cooking the vegetables.
  * For a chicken version, saute shredded chicken in the pan on a high heat until just tender. Pour hot water or hot broth to cook the soup. For a shrimp version, saute them until tender and just cooked. Season with salt, pepper and 1 tsp chilli sauce. Set aside and serve as a topping along with noodles.

 **Related Recipes**

### Spinach Soup | Pa...

### Barley Soup Recip...

### Tomato soup recip...

### Sweet Corn Soup

### Veg Fried Rice, H...

### Veg Noodles Recip...

## Recipe Card

Advertisement

## Manchow Soup Recipe

Is the taste of that lip smacking soup you had at a Chinese restaurant still
lingering in your mind? Are you wondering how to replicate the flavors at
home? You're in luck as my recipe features one of the popular and delicious
restaurant-style manchow soup.

Pin Recipe Print Recipe

1x2x3x

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

For best results follow the step-by-step photos above the recipe card

Prep Time25 minutes

Cook Time25 minutes

Total Time50 minutes

Servings4

AuthorSwasthi

Diet : Vegan, Vegetarian

### Ingredients (US cup = 240ml )

  * ▢ ½ to 2 tablespoons oil
  * ▢ ¾ tablespoon ginger (fine chopped)
  * ▢ ¾ tablespoon garlic (fine chopped)
  * ▢ 1 green chilli (fine chopped, deseeded for low heat)
  * ▢ ¼ cup onions
  * ▢ 2 to 3 stalks spring onions (fine chopped, greens & white separated)
  * ▢ ⅓ cup carrot (1 small, fine chopped)
  * ▢ ¾ to 1 cup cabbage (fine shredded)
  * ▢ 2 to 3 tablespoons French beans (4 to 5 green beans, fine chopped)
  * ▢ 2 to 3 tablespoons bell peppers (capsicum)
  * ▢ 3 to 4 mushrooms (optional, fine chopped)
  * ▢ 1 to 2 tablespoons coriander stems (or celery stalks, fine chopped)
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons coriander leaves (fine chopped)
  * ▢ ½ to ¾ teaspoon salt (adjust to taste)
  * ▢ 3 tablespoons organic soya sauce or tamari
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon pepper (crushed white or black pepper)
  * ▢ 1½ tablespoon cornstarch (more for a thicker soup)
  * ▢ 1 to 3 teaspoons rice vinegar (or apple vinegar)

#### For crispy noodles (or use Mamee monster crunchy noodle snack)

  * ▢ 150 grams noodles (preferably hakka noodles)
  * ▢ 1 cup oil (to fry or 1 tbsp for air frying)
  * ▢ 2 to 2½ tablespoons corn starch (white corn flour)

Advertisement

### Instructions

#### How to make manchow soup

  * ▢ 

Pour oil to a hot pan. When the oil turns hot, regulate the flame to high and
add fine chopped garlic, ginger, chilli and coriander stems.

  * ▢ 

Saute for 30 seconds and add spring onion whites and onions. Fry until onions
turn golden.

  * ▢ 

Add shredded cabbage, chopped beans, bell peppers, mushrooms and carrots. Fry
stirring constantly for 2 minutes until you smell the veggies aromatic.

  * ▢ 

Pour 4 cups of water or broth and bring it to a rolling boil.

  * ▢ 

Meanwhile stir together 1½ tablespoon cornstarch with 3 to 4 tbsps of water to
make a smooth slurry. Reduce the heat slightly and keep stirring with a ladle
and slowly incorporate the corn slurry into the boiling manchow soup.

  * ▢ 

Cook until the soup turns slightly thick. Add coriander leaves and spring
onions.

  * ▢ 

Pour soya sauce and add ½ teaspoon salt and crushed pepper. Stir and taste
test. Adjust the quantity of soya sauce, salt and pepper to your taste.

  * ▢ 

Turn off when the manchow soup thickens, do not overcook we want the veggies
crunchy. Keep this covered until served. Stir in the vinegar when you are
ready to serve.

#### Making crispy noodles

  * ▢ 

Boil the noodles following the instructions on your pack of noodles. Make sure
you cook them al dente and not mushy.

  * ▢ 

Once cooked, drain to a colander and rinse them under running water to get rid
of the starch.

  * ▢ 

You can also skip all of the following steps and serve the soup with boiled
noodles. To fry them proceed further. Shake off the colander to remove all the
excess water and spread the noodles on a tray. Let them air dry for 30 minutes
until completely dry.

  * ▢ 

Sprinkle 2 to 2½ tablespoons cornstarch all over the noodles and mix gently to
coat the noodles with the flour.

  * ▢ 

Heat 1 cup oil in a frying pan until hot enough. When the oil is hot, drop
some noodles to to the oil and fry until they turn crisp on the base.

  * ▢ 

Turn them to the other side and fry again until crisp and light golden. Remove
them from oil when they are crisp. Continue to fry all of the noodles in 4 to
5 batches ensuring the oil is hot enough before every batch.

#### Serving manchow soup

  * ▢ 

Ladle the soup to serving bowls. Top with crispy noodles and green onions. If
you prefer you may add some chilli vinegar or any hot sauce.

Advertisement

Alternative quantities provided in the recipe card are for 1x only, original
recipe.

For best results follow my detailed step-by-step photo instructions and tips
above the recipe card.

### NUTRITION INFO (estimation only)

Nutrition Facts

Manchow Soup Recipe

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 309 Calories from Fat 117

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 13g **20%**

Saturated Fat 1g **6%**

Trans Fat 1g

Polyunsaturated Fat 4g

Monounsaturated Fat 8g

 **Sodium** 1233mg **54%**

 **Potassium** 270mg **8%**

 **Carbohydrates** 42g **14%**

Fiber 3g **13%**

Sugar 3g **3%**

 **Protein** 6g **12%**

**Vitamin A** 4149IU **83%**

 **Vitamin C** 23mg **28%**

 **Calcium** 40mg **4%**

 **Iron** 1mg **6%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Tried this recipe?Mention @SwasthisRecipes or tag #swasthisrecipes!

(C) Swasthi's Recipes

__WhatsApp

 __Share

 __Pin

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

**FOR MORE RECIPES**

Please leave this field empty

Enter & Confirm eMail ID for Swasthi's Recipes Newsletter *

Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.

  

## Post navigation

Previous Previous

Kashmiri Pulao Recipe

NextContinue

Apple Jam Recipe

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

4 Comments

__Inline Feedbacks

View all comments

Sara Rasquinha

  
Made this today. Turned out excellent. Thank you so much.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Sara Rasquinha

Glad to know Sara  
Thank you

Reply

Advertisement

Karthik

  
This makes me sing. Delicious soup. Perfect for the cold days. I served with
some boiled noodles and it was great.

Reply

Ananya

  
Thank you. This came out delicious.

Reply

Advertisement

Advertisement

(C) 2022 Swasthi's Recipes

Insert

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Popular RecipesExpand child menuExpand

    * Matar Paneer
    * Butter Chicken
    * Chana Masala
    * Dal Makhani
    * Gobi Manchurian
    * Chicken Tikka Masala
  * SocialExpand child menuExpand

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Twitter
    * Pinterest
    * Youtube

Toggle Menu Close

Search for:

Search

