https://www.spiceupthecurry.com/veg-manchow-soup-recipe/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

Spice Up The Curry

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipes
    * By Category
    * By Ingredients
    * Festivals
    * Collections
  * Subscribe
  *     * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * YouTube

  * Search

menu icon

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Ingredients
  * Festivals
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

search icon

Search

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Ingredients
  * Festivals
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

×

Home » Cuisine » Indo-Chinese

# Veg manchow soup recipe (Indo-chinese)

Published: Feb 22, 2016 · Last Modified: Apr 14, 2020 by Kanan Patel / 6
Comments

Jump to Recipe Pin Recipe

 **Veg manchow soup recipe -** This is one of the most popular soup recipes
from Indo-chinese cuisine. I love a bowl of it during the chilly winter days.

You will find this veg manchow soup in every Indian-Chinese restaurant menu.
There is another similar soup recipe you will find in menu too which I have
already shared. It is hot and sour soup. Hubby prefers these two soups over
any other smooth, creamy soups. Because he is fan of chunky textured and spicy
soups.

**The consistency of the soup is thin compared to hot and sour soup.** This is
how I have eaten in many restaurants. But in case, if you like thick soup then
increase the cornstarch amount little bit.

**The best thing about manchow soup is that it is topped with fried noodles.**
I love that crunchy noodles with hot, spicy, sour soup.

For making this soup I have used homemade vegetable broth. I highly recommend
using it over the water. This gives good flavors to the soup. Since this is
thin soup, so all the flavors are coming from vegetable stock and sauces we
are adding. Vegetables also add little flavor but it is for texture and taste.

**Check out other Indo-Chinese recipes  
**Chilli paneer dry // Veg manchurian gravy // Chilli garlic noodles

* * *

## How to make veg manchow soup (Step by Step Recipe with Photos):

* * *

or Jump to Recipe

1) First we need to make fried noodles which will go on top as a garnishing at
the end. This needs to be pre-planned, as boiled noodles will require some
time to dry-out. Then deep fried in the oil. You can find the recipe for fried
noodles here. So while the noodles are drying, make the soup. While soup is
simmering, fry the noodles.

2) Now make cornstarch slurry. Take cornstarch in a small bowl.

3) Make smooth paste by adding ¼ cup of water. Keep it aside till needed. Also
prep all the veggies and rest of the ingredients.  

4) Heat the oil in a saucepan on medium heat. Once hot add chopped ginger,
garlic, green chili, celery and green onions.

5) Saute for about 2 minutes.  

6) Then add all chopped veggies (carrot, cabbage, capsicum, beans).

7) Mix and cook for 2-3 minutes.  

8) Now add salt and pepper, stir well.

9) Add vegetable stock or water.  

10) Let it come to a boil.

11) Once it starts boiling, let it simmer for 2 minutes.  

12) Then add cornstarch mixture. Before adding it into soup, do stir once.
Because cornstarch has tendency to settle down at the bottom of the bowl.

13) Mix well and let it simmer for 5-6 minutes or till soup thickens slightly.  

14) Now add soy sauce.

15) also add vinegar.  

16) Mix well and cook for a minute only. Then turn off the stove.

17) Remove the soup in individual serving bowl.  

18) Add fried noodles.

19) Lastly garnish with chopped spring onion greens.  

Serve the veg manchow soup right away. Add the fried noodles at the time of
serving only. Otherwise you will have soggy noodles instead of crunchy.

_**Serving suggestion:**_ Serve this veg manchow soup as a starter for your
indo-chinese meal. Or enjoy it whenever you feel like.

Step by Step Photos AboveWant to make it perfect first time? Don't forget to
check out Step-by-Step photo instructions and helpful Tips & Tricks !!

Print Pin

## Veg manchow soup recipe

4.78 from 9 votes

Tried this recipe? Leave a comment and/or give ★ ratings

This is one of the most popular soup recipes from Indo-chinese cuisine.

Author: Kanan

Course: Soup

Cuisine: Indo Chinese

Calories: 137kcal

Servings 2 servings

Prep Time 15 minutes

Cook Time 20 minutes

Total Time 35 minutes

US measuring cups are used (1 cup = 240 ml) See details

### Ingredients  

1x2x3x

  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Corn flour (corn starch) dissolved in ¼ cup of water
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Oil
  * ▢ 2-3 tablespoons Spring onion (green onion or scallion) White part, chopped finely
  * ▢ 1 ½ teaspoons Ginger chopped finely
  * ▢ 1 ½ teaspoons Garlic chopped finely
  * ▢ 1 Green chili chopped finely
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Celery chopped finely
  * ▢ ¼ cup Cabbage chopped finely
  * ▢ ¼ cup Carrot chopped finely
  * ▢ ¼ cup Capsicum (Green bell pepper) chopped finely
  * ▢ ¼ cup Green beans (French beans) chopped finely
  * ▢ Salt to taste
  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon Black pepper powder or to taste
  * ▢ 2 cups Vegetable stock or water
  * ▢ 2-3 teaspoons Soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon White distilled vinegar
  * ▢ ½ cup Fried noodles
  * ▢ Spring onion (green onion or scallion) Green stalks, chopped finely for garnishing

### Instructions

#### Preparation:

  * First we need to make fried noodles which will go on top as a garnishing at the end.

  * This needs to be pre-planned, as boiled noodles will require some time to dry-out.

  * Then deep fried in the oil. You can find the recipe for fried noodles link below.

  * So while the noodles are drying, make the soup. While soup is simmering, fry the noodles.

  * Now make cornstarch slurry. Take cornstarch in a small bowl.

  * Make smooth paste by adding ¼ cup of water. Keep it aside till needed.

  * Also prep all the veggies and rest of the ingredients.

#### Making veg manchow soup recipe:

  * Heat the oil in a saucepan on medium heat.

  * Once hot add chopped ginger, garlic, green chili, celery and green onions. Saute for about 2 minutes.

  * Then add all chopped veggies. Mix and cook for 2-3 minutes.

  * Now add salt and pepper, stir well.

  * Add vegetable stock or water. Let it come to a boil.

  * Once it starts boiling, let it simmer for 2 minutes.

  * Then add cornstarch mixture. Before adding it into soup, do stir once.

  * Mix well and let it simmer for 5-6 minutes or till soup thickens slightly.

  * Now add soy sauce and vinegar. Mix well and cook for a minute only.

  * Then turn off the stove.

  * Remove the soup in individual serving bowl. Add fried noodles.

  * Lastly garnish with chopped spring onion greens.

### Nutrition

Calories: 137kcal | Carbohydrates: 14.6g | Protein: 2.2g | Fat: 8g | Saturated
Fat: 0.9g | Cholesterol: 0mg | Sodium: 1629mg | Potassium: 251mg | Fiber: 2.3g
| Sugar: 5.7g

*Nutrition information is a rough estimate for 1 serving

Did you make this recipe?Snap a pic, mention @spice.up.the.curry or tag
#spiceupthecurry. I would love to see.

« Crispy, fried noodles for Indo-Chinese recipes

Coconut chutney recipe for idli, dosa »

4947 shares

  * Facebook541
  * Pinterest4406
  * WhatsApp

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Cdr.Deven

April 20, 2016 at 11:15 pm

Delicious and easy to cook.

Reply

    * Kanan

April 21, 2016 at 2:52 pm

Yes it is

Reply

  2. Abby (@ No Fail Recipes)

March 02, 2016 at 3:06 pm

This recipe is really good. I followed your directions and it tuned out great
and it was surprisingly easy to make.

Reply

    * Kanan

March 04, 2016 at 8:36 am

Good to hear that it came out good.

Reply

  3. NIRAV

February 22, 2016 at 10:46 am

Finally you made it i have been waiting for this recipe. looks great.

thanks for sharing.

Reply

    * Kanan

February 22, 2016 at 10:48 am

yes, I had your request (including other recipes) in my mind. But it took me
some time.  
Thank you for your patience.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi, I'm Kanan Patel**. I share easy, delicious vegetarian recipes (mostly
Indian) and Eggless baking recipes that you can sure count on!

More about me →

### Indian Spice Box

### Top Recipes

  * Eggless Chocolate Chip Cookies

  * World’s BEST Eggless Brownies

  * Punjabi Shahi Paneer (Restaurant Style)

  * Chipotle Sauce

  * Eggless Banana Muffins Recipe

  * Frankie Recipe (Bombay Veg Frankie Roll)

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * About Kanan
  * Privacy Policy
  * Disclosure
  * Accessibility Policy
  * Nutrition Disclaimer

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates. Plus get a bonus cooking tips!

### Resources

  * Conversion Chart
  * Glossary
  * Recipe Index
  * Contact

### As Featured In

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2022 Spice Up The Curry

