https://peasandcrayons.com/2020/04/spicy-vegetarian-ramen.html


Skip to content

New Recipes, Straight to Your Inbox!

Peas and Crayons

  * 30-Minutes or Less
  * Gluten-Free
  * Keto
  * Paleo
  * Pescatarian
  * Vegan
  * Vegetarian

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

  * Recipe Filter
  * Recipe Index
  * Course Submenu
    * Appetizers
    * Breads
    * Breakfast
    * Burgers, etc.
    * Desserts
    * Dips
    * Dressings and Sauces
    * Main Dishes
    * Ramen
    * Salads
    * Side Dishes
    * Soups
  * Dietary Submenu
    * Dairy-Free
    * Gluten-Free
    * Grain-Free
    * Keto
    * Low-Carb
    * Nut-Free
    * Paleo
    * Pescatarian
    * Vegan
    * Vegetarian
    * Whole-30
  * Ingredient Submenu
    * Beans and Legumes
    * Cheese
    * Chicken
    * Fruit
    * Grains
    * Nuts
    * Pasta
    * Quinoa
    * Seafood
    * Spaghetti Squash
    * Vegetables
  * Miscellaneous Submenu
    * 30-Minutes or less
    * Freezer-Friendly
    * Kid-Friendly
    * Make-Ahead
    * Recipe Collections
  * About Submenu
    * Accessibility
    * Meet Jenn
    * Privacy Policy
    * Shop

Search for Search Submit

  * Recipe Filter
  * Recipe Index

Home » Ramen » Spicy Vegetarian Ramen

# Spicy Vegetarian Ramen

Published:  April 13, 2020Updated:  April 19, 2022Author: Jenn Laughlin

Jump to Recipe Pin the Recipe

_This Spicy Vegetarian Ramen has a quick trick for a super tasty vegan broth
that infuses the ramen noodles with oodles of flavor! Add all your favorite
toppings and get ready to faceplant!_

This spicy vegetarian ramen has rocked my world!

Spiking the vegetable broth base with garlic, scallions, dried mushrooms,
tomato paste , soy sauce, and sriracha leads the most amazing flavorful,
savory broth for the noodles to soak in.

Feel free to keep things mild with just a dash of Sriracha or embrace the heat
by adding extra, the spice level is up to you! My idea of perfection is 2
glorious spoonfuls. Start small, and add more as you go for a totally
customizable heat level.

## Tasty Vegetarian Ramen Topping Ideas

  * fresh cilantro
  * sliced green onion (scallions)
  * toasted sesame seeds
  * chili garlic sauce
  * thinly sliced carrots
  * edamame (cooked + shelled)
  * baby bok choy
  * pan-fried or oven-fried tofu
  * bean sprouts
  * thinly sliced jalapeño
  * lime wedges
  * fried garlic
  * crushed red pepper flakes
  * jammy soft-boiled eggs
  * chili oil

## More Rockin' Ramen Recipes

Pescatarian friends can whip up a fiery bowl of Sriracha Shrimp Ramen Soup or
simply add sautéed shrimp to the spicy vegetarian recipe below.

Vegan friends, skip the optional soft-boiled egg topping for this recipe, or
whip up my Spicy Sesame Ramen Noodles or Vegan Ramen Bowls with Edamame and
Mushrooms.

## Vegetarian Ramen

Serving 4 or more? Simply double or triple the recipe below! The noodles cook
so quickly that you won't spend any additional time making a larger batch.

_Let 's get our ramen on!_

## Spicy Vegetarian Ramen

_This Spicy Vegetarian Ramen has a quick trick for a super tasty vegan broth
that infuses the ramen noodles with oodles of flavor! Add all your favorite
toppings and get ready to faceplant!_

4.86 from 28 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe Rate Recipe

Course: Main Dish

Cuisine: Asian, Vegetarian

Keyword: Vegetarian Ramen

Prep Time: 10 minutes

Cook Time: 20 minutes

Total Time: 30 minutes

Servings: 2 servings

Author: Jenn Laughlin - Peas and Crayons

### Ingredients

  * 2  TBSP light sesame oil or avocado oil
  * 3/4-1 cup chopped dried porcini mushrooms * (.5 oz)
  * 3 cloves garlic , smashed and minced
  * 4 scallions , thinly sliced white + greens
  * 3-4 cups low-sodium vegetable broth
  * 2 TBSP tomato paste
  * 1-2 TBSP Sriracha
  * 1-2 TBSP low-sodium soy sauce
  * 4-5 ounces uncooked ramen noodles see notes

#### FRIED GARLIC + CHILI OIL

  * 1/4 cup avocado oil or vegetable oil
  * 3 cloves garlic , thinly sliced
  * 1 TBSP sesame seeds
  * 1 TBSP crushed red chili flakes

#### TASTY TOPPING OPTIONS

  * thinly sliced jalapeño
  * edamame (cooked + shelled)
  * jammy soft-boiled egg (skip for vegan ramen)
  * chopped green onion and/or cilantro
  * baby bok choy
  * chili garlic sauce
  * see blog post for even more topping ideas

### Instructions

  * First make the fried garlic in chili oil. Heat 1/4 cup oil in a medium pot over medium heat. Once hot, add thinly sliced garlic and pan fry, stirring often, until garlic is just beginning to turn golden, approx. 3 minutes. Stir in sesame seeds and cook an additional minute until garlic is crisp and toasty. Carefully transfer mixture to a small bowl and add crushed red pepper flakes. Mix well and set aside.

  * Bring the same pot to medium-high heat with a drizzle of oil and add garlic, chopped green onion (whites only - save the greens for topping) and chopped dried porcini mushrooms. Sauté until fragrant, approx, 1 minute.

  * Add your broth, soy sauce, tomato paste, and Sriracha.

  * Simmer, covered, on medium-low heat for 10 minutes.

  * While the soup simmers, prep your choice of toppings.

  * Once your broth is fragrant and ready, strain by pouring through a fine mesh sieve/strainer and add back into the pot, removing the onion and dried mushroom bits.

  * Give the broth a little taste and further season if/as desired. A little extra Sriracha will add heat while extra soy sauce will add saltiness and umami. For a brothier, soup-like ramen bowl feel free to add an extra cup of broth and adjust seasoning to taste.

  * For a thicker ramen broth, cook your noodles directly in the simmering broth for approx. 3-4 minutes or until tender. For a thinner broth, feel free to cook ramen seperately and add before serving.

  * If you prefer any of the other veggies softened versus raw (sliced carrots or jalapeños for instance) you can absolutely add them to the broth to simmer/cook until tender as well! This soup is crazy easy to customize.

  * Ready to eat? Top ramen and broth with a drizzle of chili oil and add all your favorite toppings and feel free to check out the blog post for even more topping ideas! Enjoy!

### Notes

Spice lovers can add extra sriracha to taste, or control the heat with crushed
red pepper flakes if desired. The optional jalapeño topping will also add heat
for an even spicier ramen! I LOVE thinly sliced jalapeños on top of mine!

I can't typically find fresh at my grocery store so I opt for the dried
noodles from the International Foods aisle. I like to use about 4-6 oz noodles
here but you can adjust this to taste.

My favorite ramen to use is a little less traditional, as it's not fried and
does not come with a seasoning packet. They're labeled as KA-ME Curly Noodles
and are a great healthier option for ramen bowls! They're also pretty easy to
find! I've found them at Publix, Target, and on Amazon.

_Nutrition facts below are an estimate for the broth and ramen provided by an
online nutrition calculator. Adjust as needed by adding nutrition facts for
toppings chosen._

### Nutrition

Calories: 395kcal, Carbohydrates: 62g, Protein: 11g, Fat: 15g, Saturated Fat:
2g, Fiber: 2g, Sugar: 6g

Did you make this recipe?I want to see! Tag @peasandcrayons on Instagram and
Facebook!

If you get a chance to try this spicy vegetarian ramen recipe, let me know!

Leave some love in the comment form below or tag your photos with
@peasandcrayons on Instagram so I can happy dance over your creation. I can’t
wait to see what you whip up!

For absolutely *PERFECT* jammy soft boiled eggs, I used my friend Stefanie's
tutorial for Instant Pot Jammy Eggs.

After slicing, I drizzled the halved eggs with the fried garlic chili oil from
my ramen recipe and topped them with black sesame seeds. Easy peasy!

## Our Favorite Japanese Restaurant Inspired Recipes

On the appetizer front, we love making edamame every which way! My latest
obsession is Sweet Chili Edamame with crushed red pepper flakes on top -
delicious!

When it's time for a date night dinner at home, we always default to make-
your-own-sushi nights! I have a complete Homemade Sushi Tutorial with photos
and you can even try your hand at the beloved Volcano Roll or Philadelphia
Roll!

On the side dish front, I can't enough of this restaurant-style Kani Salad
which features cucumber noodles, imitation crab, fresh avocado, and a kiss of
sriracha chili sauce!

  * Share
  * Pin
  * Email

Peas and Crayons is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates
Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us
to earn fees by linking to amazon.com and affiliated sites at no cost to
readers.

About The Author:

## Jenn Laughlin

Hi! I’m Jenn and I’m here to help you eat your veggies! It'll be fun,
painless, and pretty darn delicious as I teach you to plan your meals around
fresh, seasonal produce with a little help from healthy freezer and pantry
staples.

Learn More

## You Might Also Like...

## Sriracha Shrimp Ramen Noodle Soup

## Vegan Ramen Bowls with Edamame and Mushrooms

## Instant Pot Ramen Bowls

## Shrimp Stir Fry with Ramen Noodles

### Leave a Review! Cancel Reply

I love hearing from you! Submit your question or review below. Your email
address will not be published. Required fields are marked*.

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Message

Author*

Email*

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

##  Comments

  1. Elina says:

what can i use as a replacement for tomato paste i need to make in now and i
dont have tomato paste

Reply

    * Jenn says:

Hi Elina! You can use a little canned tomato sauce to give the broth some
richness or 100% just leave it out and make a clear broth for your ramen. The
recipe will be different but simply season your broth to taste and use what
you have on hand. I usually mix and match scallions, ginger, garlic, soy
sauce, sriracha, chili garlic sauce, etc… and just create a ramen broth on the
fly based on what I have at any given time. Hope this helps! xo

Reply

  2. rachel Elizabeth reed says:

Can you use spaghetti noodles instead?

Reply

    * Jenn says:

Hi Rachel! It may be a little different as the noodles have a little bit
different taste and texture but it's worth a try.

Reply

  3. EMMA P says:

  
I love this recipe!

I had to skip making the chilli oil because I didn't have any garlic 🙁 and
when making the broth, I used shallots instead of garlic.

I also didn't strain the broth because I didn't want to waste the mushrooms
and onion - I actually really liked it this way because there was lots of
texture in my broth, and the mushrooms were lovely and juicy!

I topped my broth with jammy eggs, sesame seeds, and chilli oil (from a
bottle). I also added some sliced baby bok choy to the broth for 1 minute
before serving.

Will definitely be making this again, and I'll make sure I have garlic this
time!

Reply

  4. Joseph says:

  
I've never left a review on a recipe before. I'm not trying to sound mean but
this was just not good. It tastes nothing like ramen. Honestly anything you
can get from a packet is better. This is just a waste of your time and money.
Do not make it.

Reply

    * Jenn says:

I legit make this ramen twice a month at least + love it but *totally*
understand that not every recipe will be everyone's cup of tea.

Reply

  5. Polly says:

  
I’ve never left a review on a food blog before but this ramen was so amazing I
had to! Can’t wait to make it again already.

Reply

    * Jenn says:

Ahhh yay! Thank you Polly!

Reply

  6. Nita says:

  
This is the BEST homemade Ramen I have tried - I've already made it three
times. My husband, who is not a vegetarian, even loved it. This recipe is a
keeper.

Reply

    * Jenn says:

Thank you Nita! So happy you both enjoyed the recipe! xo

Reply

  7. Anna says:

  
I made this for my dad (and snuck bites, because yum), who got put on a low
sodium diet because of his heart. I can't tell you how happy it made me to get
a call later and have him say it was the best thing he'd had all year. This is
so customizable for low sodium, but still has so much flavor! Thank you so
much!

Reply

    * Jenn says:

Gahhh thank you Anna! So happy he loved the ramen and that you were able to
make it low sodium so he could enjoy it. Hugs!

Reply

  8. BC says:

  
This turned out really good. I used both dried porcini and shiitake mushrooms
and added a bit of honey. My husband doesn’t like spicy foods so I only used
about half a tablespoon of sriracha. For me it was too mild by doing those
things so next time I will try adding some ginger.  
Those jammy eggs were SO good in this too! I always thought soft cooked eggs
were a weird thing to add but I was wrong.  
Thank you for the recipe:)

Reply

    * Michelle says:

  
Hello Jenn, quick question. After you put your broth through the strainer, is
there anyrhing you can so with the strained porcini mushrooms, shallots?

It seems a bit wastefull to throw it away like that

Reply

      * Jenn says:

Hi Michelle! I used to separate them, trying to copy the restaurants with
their super smooth broth and fresh toppings on top. The last several times
I've made it I just chop them up extra small first and then leave them in.
Feel free to follow suit!

Reply

  9. Melissa says:

  
This was amazing I didn’t drain the broth I added carrots and celery because I
didn’t have mushrooms. Plus I don’t like them. I added the higher end of all
the Ingredients and it was amazing will def make again yummmmm

Reply

  10. Kesa says:

  
Made this dish this evening and it was amazing!

Reply

    * Jenn says:

So happy you enjoyed it, Kesa! Thanks!

Reply

  11. Sabrina says:

  
thank you - I love ramen but never really knew how to approach cooking it, but
these ingredients are certainly doable so thank you for the recipe!

Reply

  12. Alex Garcia says:

  
Made this tonight and it turned out so great - the broth was so delicious and
flavorful! Thanks for the great recipe

Reply

    * Jenn says:

Woot woot! So happy to hear it Alex, thank you!

Reply

  13. Jen Minard says:

This looks great. We'r are trying to go more plant based. I find that many
vegetable broths are kind of flavourless or alternately they are over
flavoured and don't match Asian dishes. Can you tell me what broths you use?  
Thanks!

Reply

    * Jenn says:

Hi Jen! My favorite broths lately are the ones from the Fresh Market (store
brand) and Pacific broths. My husband, however, likes to buy whatever is buy-
one-get-one-free and alternatively I've used those cheaper broths and just
adjusted the spices/flavors as needed. Broths can also be made homemade if
desired! I will save up veggie bits and pieces in a bag in the freezer until I
have enough to throw into my Instant Pot to make a yummy broth.

Reply

  14. Janice says:

  
This is a keeper for sure. I used dried shiitake mushrooms. The broth is so
easy and so full of flavour. Family loved it as well thank you.

Reply

  15. Heidi says:

Hi! I’m just wondering if it’s possible to use porcini powder instead of
chopped? I can’t find the dried ones unfortunately. If so, how much would you
recommend?

Reply

    * Jenn says:

Hi Heidi! I had no idea porcini powder was a thing but that's awesome!! Since
I haven't had a chance to test it in my own kitchen, you might want to err on
the side of under seasoning with the porcini and then adjust to taste. xoxo

Reply

      * Heidi says:

Thanks for the quick response, I made it tonight and it turned out awesome
with the powder! Definitely keeping this recipe 🙂

Reply

        * Jenn says:

Yay!!! I'm stoked the ramen was a hit! I'm for sure hunting down this powder -
I bet it's so super convenient.

Reply

  16. Jamie says:

  
Obsessed is an understatement. My husband and I are IN LOVE with this ramen.
We just want it every night haha

Reply

  17. Tamsin says:

I tried the tour spicy ramen recipe but got a bit confused with when I am
meant to add the garlic we set aside at the start? Is that the same garlic
mention when adding the chopped green onion?

Any tips welcome!  
It was super tasty and my housemates (who said they would only try a little)
finished it all off! Thank you!

Reply

    * Jenn says:

Hi Tamsin, I'm so glad the recipe was a hit! Yay!

I'm trying to find the part you're referring to but I'm not sure what you
mean? (I may need a cup of coffee, it's early lol) So there's the garlic chili
oil, which you make with sliced garlic and set aside for drizzling on top of
the ramen, then there's the garlic you sauté along with the dried mushrooms
and the lower portion of the green onion. I like to sauté the white parts of
the green onion and use the top green part as a ramen topping for flavor and
garnish. Happy to help clarify - keep me posted!

Reply

  18. Cool Girl Su says:

  
This is absolutely amazing. It wasn't too hard to make, and it beats expensive
takeout. Will 100% make again, thank you so much.

Reply

    * Jenn says:

Thank you! I'm so glad you enjoyed it!

Reply

    * Ashley says:

  
This instantly became a weekly go to in our household!

Reply

      * Jenn says:

YAY!!! Ohmygosh I'm so glad you've tried this one. Hands-down one of our
weekly staples here too and I want to scream it from the rooftops lol!

Reply

  19. Tina says:

Hey jenn I want to know if I add the baby bok Choy how do I cook it before I
add it?

Reply

    * Jenn says:

Hi Tina! I like to chop it into thin strips and add the light green parts
along with the broth and then toss the darker green slices in with the
noodles! This way everything is perfectly tender and delish! When I made it
the other night I added the jalapeños in with the broth as well and it got
super spicy - so good!

Reply

  20. Lauren says:

The fried garlic and chili oil, is that optional to add at the end?

Reply

    * Jenn says:

Hi Lauren! It's optional (and omg so toasty and tasty!) and drizzled on at the
end. Yesterday when I made it I drizzled a little into the pot while cooking
the broth/ramen and then extra on top. I'm already craving it again lol.

Reply

  21. Gina says:

  
I sort of combined this recipe with your 'Vegan Ramen Bowl with Edamame and
Mushrooms' one and I absolutely adored it. We cooked our noodles in the soup
and they tasted absolutely delicious! We ended up adding some more vegetable
broth to make it a little thinner because our noodles had absorbed a lot of
moisture. We also swapped the jalapenos for habanero chillis to give the ramen
a little more zing.  
Your recipe is so incredible I am forever in love with it, it's just the
perfect mixture between the tasty veggies and the awesome tomato/spice flavor
of the soup.  
Just AMAZING!

Reply

  22. Misty says:

The recipe doesn't say how much water to add.

Reply

    * Jenn says:

Hi Misty! No water needed for this one unless you prefer to boil your noodles
outside the sauce for a brothier ramen bowl. I had used water in place of some
of the broth during one of the test runs but the all-broth version was my
favorite - I updated the recipe and thank you so much for pointing that out so
I could fix it! xoxo

Reply

  23. Katie says:

  
This recipe was delicious and the leftovers were even better!

Reply

    * Jenn says:

Thank you Katie! I'm so glad you enjoyed it!

Reply

Currently Craving

## One-Pot Vegetarian Ravioli Soup

## Black Bean Taco Salad

## Vegetable Cream Cheese Tortilla Roll Ups

## Sweet and Spicy Sriracha Tofu

## Garden Veggie Chickpea Salad Sandwich

## Spicy Sriracha Shrimp Tacos with Cilantro Lime Slaw

## Spicy Southern Hot Corn

## Cheesy Garlic Parmesan Spinach Spaghetti Squash

## Homemade Cookie Cake

## Greek Chickpea Salad

Subscribe

### What's For Dinner?

Join my weekly recipe newsletter for the latest meal ideas and subscriber
freebies!

As Seen On

Subscribe

### What's For Dinner?

Join my weekly recipe newsletter for the latest meal ideas and subscriber
freebies!

  * About
  * Accessibility
  * Privacy Policy
  * Shop

(C) 2022 Peas and Crayons, All Rights Reserved.

Design by LH.

  *   *   * 

