https://www.acouplecooks.com/easy-vegetarian-ramen/


Skip to content

A Couple Cooks

  * Recipes
    * All Recipes
    * Dinners
    * Drinks
    * Side Dishes & Salads
    * Desserts
    * Appetizers & Snacks
    * Breakfast & Brunch
    * Essential Recipes
    * Recipe Collections
  * Dinners
    * Everyday Dinners
    * Fast Dinners
    * Special Occasion Dinners
  * Drinks
    * Cocktails
    * Smoothies
    * Coffee, Tea & More
    * Liquor Guides
  * How-To
    * How-To & Ingredient Info
    * Basic Knife Skills
    * Substitutions
    * Seasoning Blends
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Meal Plans
  * More
    * Start Here
    * Podcast
    * Travel
    * Lifestyle

  * Cookbook
  * About
  * Contact
  * Subscribe

Search for

  * Recipes
    * All Recipes
    * Dinners
    * Drinks
    * Side Dishes & Salads
    * Desserts
    * Appetizers & Snacks
    * Breakfast & Brunch
    * Essential Recipes
    * Recipe Collections
  * Dinners
    * Everyday Dinners
    * Fast Dinners
    * Special Occasion Dinners
  * Drinks
    * Cocktails
    * Smoothies
    * Coffee, Tea & More
    * Liquor Guides
  * How-To
    * How-To & Ingredient Info
    * Basic Knife Skills
    * Substitutions
    * Seasoning Blends
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Meal Plans
  * More
    * Start Here
    * Podcast
    * Travel
    * Lifestyle

  * Cookbook
  * About
  * Contact
  * Subscribe

Receive free weekly recipes & inspiration!

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Email *

Sign Up

Privacy Policy & Disclosure

  *   *   *   *   * 

Home ‹ Recipes ‹ Dinner Recipes

# Easy Vegetarian Ramen

vegetarianJump to Recipe

by Sonja Overhiser

Buy Our Cookbook

**_This quick and easy vegetarian ramen recipe is fun to make and oh so
flavorful! Packed with umami, this noodle bowl makes a satisfying, slurpable
meal._**

How many ramen lovers do we have out there? Ramen is a de facto food trend.
Being landlocked here in the Midwest, it takes a little more time for food
trends to filter their way over. But Indianapolis's food scene is growing (so
says Bon Appetit) and with it, we can now get real ramen here in Indy! "Real"
ramen being fresh noodle ramen with complex savory broth, not the 50-cent
flavor-packet variety. This easy vegetarian ramen recipe is inspired by Alex
and my trip to eat ramen at a local restaurant: and man is it _good_! While it
can be difficult to harness savory meaty flavors in a meatless ramen broth,
this vegetarian ramen delivers.

## The inspiration behind this vegetarian ramen

How do Alex and I get inspiration for our recipes? One of our favorites is to
go out to restaurants and taste new flavor combinations. We love travelling
the globe to find inspiration, but often we find inspiration at restaurants
here in Indianapolis. Mediterranean and Mexican cuisines are our comfort zone
for creating recipes. But after grabbing ramen at a local restaurant (Rook)
this weekend, we were inspired to up our ramen game.

Our restaurant ramen experience was fantastic. The savory broth was full of
umami (that fifth savory sense), the curly noodles were fresh and chewy, and
it was topped with a creamy poached egg. And if you're me and Alex, it was all
doused in spicy sriracha. Yes, to us it was the ultimate comfort food in a
bowl. The ramen we had there had meat in it, but we decided it was time. We
needed a good vegetarian ramen recipe to make at home.

## How to make vegetarian ramen at home

Now, the big challenge making a vegetarian ramen is that ramen broth is
intensely savory. How do you get big flavor using no meat? When Alex and I
went to recreate our restaurant ramen it to our kitchen, we couldn't quite
create the savory broth flavor we were looking for. (But not for lack of
trying.) We went through various iterations before we settled on a new theme.
Instead of dark, meaty and savory, let's got for light and fresh vegetarian
ramen!

This vegetarian ramen is quick, easy and fresh, made with vegetable broth and
aromatics like ginger and garlic. It's heavy on the vegetables: greens,
shiitake mushrooms, peppers, green onion, radishes. And to top it off, we were
able to find fresh ramen noodles from our local Asian grocery.

Here are the basic steps for how to make vegetarian ramen ( **scroll down for
the full recipe** ):

  * **Find fresh ramen noodles: not the 50 cent pack kind!** Many grocery stores now have fresh ramen noodles; you can also check at Asian or international groceries. 
  * **Soft boil the eggs.** See the instructions below. 
  * **Make the broth.** Saute minced garlic and ginger, then add veggie broth, soy sauce and mirin. Then add the mushrooms, greens, peppers, and green onions to cook in the broth. 
  * **Cook the noodles**. Cook the ramen noodles in a separate pot by boiling them for 2 to 3 minutes. 
  * **Garnish and serve.** Add the noodles, veggies and broth to a bowl. Top with soft boiled egg, sliced radishes, and chili sauce. 

And that's it! Let us know if you try our vegetarian ramen recipe in the
comments below. And if you're looking for a vegan ramen recipe…keep reading!

## Looking for a vegan ramen recipe?

If you're looking for a vegan ramen recipe, might we recommend our Easy Korean
Ramen? This one is full of savory veggies, protein packed tofu, and topped
with pickled cucumbers. Adding tofu is essential for a vegan ramen to make it
filling enough.

If you are looking for a vegan ramen recipe, you can use this recipe with a
few modifications. Here's what we'd recommend:

  * Omit the soft-boiled egg. 
  * Add cubed tofu in the last 5 minutes of the simmer time. You'll likely need more seasoning for the tofu, so season with salt until the flavor pops or add a splash of soy sauce. 
  * Some ramen noodles also contain eggs, so check the ingredients in your noodles to ensure they are vegan or replace with rice noodles.

**Related:** 12 Easy Dutch Oven Recipes

## Podcast about making a high quality ramen at home

Guess what? Not only did we bring our camera, this time we brought our
microphone along for the ride! This week's podcast is all about how that
restaurant experience turned into this recipe. Check it out below, and we'd
love to hear -- are you a ramen fan? Do you have favorite recipes or tips?

## **Looking for vegetarian dinner recipes?**

Outside of this easy vegetarian ramen recipe, here are a few vegetarian dinner
recipes:

  * Quick Dinner Idea: 5 Minute Tacos
  * Tomato Coconut Cauliflower Curry
  * Mexican Sweet Potatoes
  * Moroccan Spiced Cauliflower Soup
  * Classic Vegetarian Chili
  * Best Veggie Burger Recipe
  * Easy Calzone Recipe
  * All our Healthy Dinner Recipes!

**Related:**  Try using our Homemade Vegetable Broth for this recipe!

Print

clock clock iconcutlery cutlery iconflag flag iconfolder folder iconinstagram
instagram iconpinterest pinterest iconfacebook facebook iconprint print
iconsquares squares iconheart heart iconheart solid heart solid icon

## Easy Vegetarian Ramen

* * *

★★★★★

4.9 from 8 reviews

  * Author: Sonja
  * Prep Time: 15 minutes
  * Cook Time: 20 minutes
  * Total Time: 35 minutes
  * Yield: 4 1x

Print Recipe

Pin Recipe

### Description

This quick and easy vegetarian ramen recipe is fun to make and oh so
flavorful! Packed with umami, this noodle bowl makes a satisfying, slurpable
meal.

* * *

### Ingredients

Scale 1x2x3x

  * 4 eggs
  * 4 garlic cloves
  * 1-inch nub ginger root (1 tablespoon minced ginger)
  * 1 tablespoon sesame oil
  * 1 tablespoon olive oil
  * 1 quart vegetable broth
  * 3 tablespoons reduced sodium soy sauce
  * 1 tablespoon mirin
  * 8 ounces shiitake mushrooms
  * 4 cups young baby greens (we used a mix of young Asian greens and tatsoi)
  * 3 sweet peppers (optional)
  * 3 green onions
  * 16 ounces ramen noodles (fresh if possible)*
  * 4 radishes, for garnish
  * Purchased garlic chili sauce, for garnish

* * *

### Instructions

  1. Soft boil the eggs: Fill a medium pot of water and bring it to a boil, then reduce to a simmer. Gently lower the eggs into the water with a spoon and simmer for 7 minutes. Meanwhile, prepare a bowl of ice water. When the eggs are done, place them in the ice bath and let them cool completely, then gently peel.
  2. Meanwhile, thinly slice the garlic. Peel and mince the ginger.
  3. In another large pot or Dutch oven, heat the sesame oil and olive oil over medium high heat. Add the garlic and ginger and saute for 1 minute, stirring constantly. Add the vegetable broth and bring to a simmer. Add the soy sauce and mirin.
  4. Remove the stems from the shiitake mushrooms and thinly slice them. If necessary, wash the greens. Thinly slice the peppers and slice the green onions (cut the green onions on the bias). Thinly slice the radishes for a garnish, and set aside. Place the mushrooms in the broth and cook 5 minutes. Add peppers, green onion and greens and cook for 1 minute. Taste the broth and season with salt until the flavor pops, adding a splash of soy sauce if needed.
  5. In the pot used for the eggs, bring fresh water to a boil and boil the ramen noodles until just tender, around 2 to 3 minutes, then drain.
  6. To serve, place noodles in a bowl and top with broth, vegetables, and soft-boiled eggs. Garnish with radishes and garlic chili sauce.

### Notes

*We found our fresh ramen in the frozen section in our local Asian grocery. If you can't find fresh ramen, you can use packaged ramen without the flavor packet. For a vegan ramen, omit egg and ensure pasta does not contain egg.

  * Category: Main Dish
  * Method: Boiled
  * Cuisine: Japanese

Keywords: vegetarian ramen, ramen, easy, simple, vegetarian, japanese, eggs,
fresh noodles, vegan

### Did you make this recipe?

Tag @acouplecooks on Instagram and hashtag it #acouplecooks

Published on March 1, 2016 / Last updated on August 29, 2019

### Categorized In:

  * Dinner Recipes
  * Recipes

### Tagged with:

  * Broth
  * Egg
  * Fall
  * Favorite
  * Garlic
  * Ginger
  * Greens
  * Mushrooms
  * Noodles
  * Peppers
  * Quick
  * Radishes
  * Ramen
  * Soup
  * Spring
  * Summer
  * Vegetarian
  * Weeknight Meal
  * Winter

## About the authors

## Sonja & Alex

Meet Sonja and Alex Overhiser: Husband and wife. Expert home cooks. Authors of
recipes you'll want to make again and again.

About Us

Cookbook

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Name

Email

Website (optional)

Comment

Recipe rating _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_

Display a Gravatar image next to my comments.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

###  62 Comments

  1. **Anonymous** says:

March 2, 2016 at 12:18 am

Eggs are vegetables?

Reply

    1. **Sonja** says:

March 2, 2016 at 9:11 am

This recipe is vegetarian, which includes dairy and eggs! To make it vegan,
you could omit the egg.

Reply

    2. **Anonymous** says:

December 1, 2016 at 5:50 pm

Yes.

Reply

  2. **Tori** says:

March 2, 2016 at 3:22 am

I'm so down with this yumminess! The veggie combination that you've added is
perfection!

Reply

  3. **Katrina** says:

March 2, 2016 at 8:19 am

This looks like a seriously perfect meal! I'm in love!

Reply

  4. **Puja Darshan** says:

March 2, 2016 at 10:10 am

It looks yummy and delicious. Trying this weekend. Pinned

★★★★★

Reply

  5. **Christina** says:

March 2, 2016 at 3:11 pm

I've never had vegetarian ramen!! This is absolutely gorgeous. Stunning
photos!

Reply

  6. **Kelly** says:

March 2, 2016 at 3:41 pm

Hi! I am a fellow ramen lover in Indianapolis. Which local Asian market do you
prefer for those fresh ramen noodles? Thanks!

Reply

    1. **Sonja** says:

March 2, 2016 at 3:46 pm

Great to meet you! We got our noodles in the freezer section in Sakura Mart
(Keystone and 71st-ish). Let us know if you try them out!

Reply

      1. **Kelly** says:

March 4, 2016 at 9:53 am

I made this last night for dinner - with the noodles from Sakura Mart. So, so
good! The homemade noodles make all the difference. Thank you!

Reply

  7. **Kelly** says:

March 2, 2016 at 4:30 pm

Thank you! Perfect - not too far from me! I am going to stop there tomorrow.

Reply

  8. **Katie @ Whole Nourishment** says:

March 3, 2016 at 2:48 am

I'm a big fan of noodle bowls in general. This looks like a great bowl to get
us through the remainder of winter. And after listening to your podcast and
hearing you joke about it taking two hours to shoot the photos, I'd say it
paid off. They are beautiful and bright and all the elements show up well. :-)

Reply

  9. **Deborah @ The Harvest Kitchen** says:

March 3, 2016 at 9:39 am

Never met a noodle I didn't love!! This veggie ramen looks amazing! Can't wait
to make it!!

Reply

  10. **Ashley** says:

March 4, 2016 at 11:36 am

Looking forward to making this, I will have to make a pit stop at Sakura's!

Reply

See More Comments

## Sonja & Alex

Meet Sonja and Alex Overhiser: Husband and wife. Expert home cooks. Authors of
recipes you'll want to make again and again.

About Us

Cookbook

## Subscribe

Get recipes worth repeating and more from A Couple Cooks, straight to your
inbox.

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Email *

GDPR Agreement *

  * Yes, send me the latest recipes by email. *

Subscribe

A Couple Cooks

Recipes worth repeating.

  *   *   *   *   * 

  * Recipes
    * All Recipes
    * Dinners
    * Drinks
    * Side Dishes & Salads
    * Desserts
    * Appetizers & Snacks
    * Breakfast & Brunch
    * Essential Recipes
    * Recipe Collections
  * Dinners
    * Everyday Dinners
    * Fast Dinners
    * Special Occasion Dinners
  * Drinks
    * Cocktails
    * Smoothies
    * Coffee, Tea & More
    * Liquor Guides
  * How-To
    * How-To & Ingredient Info
    * Basic Knife Skills
    * Substitutions
    * Seasoning Blends
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Meal Plans
  * More
    * Start Here
    * Podcast
    * Travel
    * Lifestyle
  * —
    * Cookbook
    * About
    * Contact
    * Subscribe

Back to Top

(C) 2022 - A Couple Cooks® · Privacy Policy & Disclosure

