https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/ultimate-vegetarian-ramen-bowl-recipe/5uqckpbl


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Ultimate vegetarian ramen bowl

  * _15m_ prep
  * _15m_ cook
  * _4_ servings 

18

Save Recipe

1,899 people saved this

27 people made this

Ready in 30 minutes, this easy ramen dinner bowl is loaded with noodles,
pumpkin and mushrooms and, with a hearty vegetable broth, will warm you from
the inside out.

Tracy Rutherford

Food Writer

628 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain gluten, wheat, egg, yeast and celery.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 16 Ingredients 
  * 5 Method Steps 

#### 16 Ingredients

  * 75g (1/4 cup) white miso paste 

  * 60ml (1/4 cup) light soy sauce 

  * 2 tsp honey 

  * 2 tsp vegetable oil 

  * 500g kent pumpkin, seeds removed, skin on, thinly sliced 

  * 4 eggs 

  * 1.5L (6 cups) Massel vegetable liquid stock 

  * 20g dried sliced shiitake mushrooms 

  * 2 tsp finely grated fresh ginger 

  * 1 bunch buk choy, sliced 

  * 2 small carrots, thinly sliced 

  * 450g shelf-fresh ramen noodles 

  * 2 green shallots, thinly sliced 

  * 2 tsp sesame seeds, toasted 

  * Dried chilli flakes, to serve (optional) 

  * Thinly shredded nori, to serve (optional) 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 5 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Preheat oven to 200C/180C fan forced and line a baking tray with baking paper.
Use a fork to whisk together 1 tbs miso paste, 1 tbs soy sauce, honey  (2 tsp
honey) and oil  (2 tsp vegetable oil).

  * Step 2

Place pumpkin on  (500g kent pumpkin, seeds removed, skin on, thinly sliced)
the prepared tray and brush with half the miso mixture. Turn and brush the
other side. Roast for 15-20 minutes, or until pumpkin is tender.

  * Step 3

Meanwhile, place the eggs  (4 eggs) in a saucepan and cover with water. Bring
to the boil over high heat. As soon as the water boils, cook for 2 minutes.
Drain and cool under cold running water. Peel and halve.

  * Step 4

Combine the stock  (1.5L (6 cups) Massel vegetable liquid stock), mushrooms
(20g dried sliced shiitake mushrooms), ginger  (2 tsp finely grated fresh
ginger), and remaining 3 tbs soy sauce in a large saucepan. Cover and bring to
a simmer over medium heat. Add the buk choy stems  (1 bunch buk choy, sliced)
and carrot  (2 small carrots, thinly sliced) and simmer for 2 minutes or until
tender-crisp. Remove from heat and stir in the remaining 3 tbs miso paste
until dissolved. Add the noodles  (450g shelf-fresh ramen noodles) and buk
choy leaves to pan. Set aside for 1 minute or until the noodles are warmed
through and the leaves are tender.

  * Step 5

Divide the soup among bowls. Top with pumpkin and egg, then sprinkle with
shallots  (2 green shallots, thinly sliced), sesame seeds  (2 tsp sesame
seeds, toasted) and chilli  (Dried chilli flakes, to serve (optional)) and
nori  (Thinly shredded nori, to serve (optional)), if using.

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

27 people made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

1,899 people saved this

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by Vanessa Levis

##  Popular on Taste

  1. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

  2. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

  3. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  4. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  5. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

  6. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

  7. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

  8. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

