https://www.foodbymaria.com/vegetarian-ramen/


Skip to Main Content

_Mindful Vegan Meals_ is available now!

  * About
  * Mini Cookbooks
  * Food Blogger Tools

  *   *   *   *   * 

Fear Not. Food Is Your Friend.

  * Recipes

#### Vegan Meals

#### Vegan Breakfast

#### Vegan Recipes For Kids

#### Vegan Comfort Food

#### Vegan Appetizers

#### Vegan Pasta Recipes

#### Vegan Recipes For Beginners

#### Vegan Desserts

#### One-Bowl Honey Cake

View all recipes

  * App
  * Contact
  * Work With Maria

Search for:

Search for:

  * Recipes

#### Vegan Meals

#### Vegan Breakfast

#### Vegan Recipes For Kids

#### Vegan Comfort Food

#### Vegan Appetizers

#### Vegan Pasta Recipes

#### Vegan Recipes For Beginners

#### Vegan Desserts

#### One-Bowl Honey Cake

View all recipes

  * App
  * Contact
  * Work With Maria

  * About
  * Mini Cookbooks
  * Food Blogger Tools

  *   *   *   *   * 

Home » All Recipes » Easy Vegetarian Ramen Recipe

### Budget Friendly

# Easy Vegetarian Ramen Recipe

Last Updated: July 1, 2022

  *   *   * 

Skip to Recipe

Prep

10 minutes

Cook

30 minutes

Yield

4

This super easy vegetarian ramen recipe is perfect for winter! It's creamy and
is infused with a yummy curry flavour. Whip it up in only 30 minutes!

I'm not sure if I've told you before but I am obsessed with ramen. I think the
addiction started when I was really young because I had a small love affair
with Ichiban… didn't we all?  Anyway, fast forward to my 30's, plant-based
eating days, and living through Calgary's cold winters I now have the perfect
Easy Vegetarian Ramen Recipe to share with you all!

This Vegetarian Ramen Recipe is comforting, delicious, and filled with all my
favourite things. Plus, it only takes around 30 minutes to whip up. So you
can't really go wrong. What I love about ramen is how comforting it is, but
also how versatile it is. When you get the broth down, you really can add
whatever veggies and toppings into your soup that you want. This makes it
incredibly family-friendly, and also fun to make it your own and try different
combinations.

To get that creamy and flavourful curry flavour and consistency in this ramen
recipe, people probably think it has to use dairy or meat, however, this
recipe proves you wrong. You get all the flavor of ramen but not animal bi-
products. Even those meat and dairy eaters in your family won't notice the
difference.

## Why you'll love this vegetarian ramen:  

  * **Creamy & Flavorful:** This ramen is creamy, flavorful with a curry flavour that gives it a nice twist 
  * **Plant-Based:  **Everything you love about ramen but with no animal bi-products
  * **Quick:  **You'll only need 30-minutes to put this together 
  * **Comforting:  **I find this recipe so good, especially in the colder months to warm me from the inside out 

## Ingredient Notes:

**Broth:** The trick to flavourful and delicious ramen is definitely broth.
You can't have boring broth or you'll just feel like you're eating water and
noodles. Ramen is all about flavour, and broth plays a huge role in that.
Let's aim for that slurp effect, aka you want to suck up every last drop!

To make the best broth for this Vegetarian Ramen Recipe that has a shot of
curry flavour to it, it takes around 20 minutes. However, it'll be worth it
once the flavours marry and come together to make this healthy creamy recipe.
The key ingredients to score that perfect broth are:

  * Miso (umami) 
  * Spicy paste (adds the character)
  * Salt (because of salt.. duh!)
  * Mushrooms (adds depth of flavour) 
  * Curry paste (because you all asked for it!)

**Miso:** I love anything I can add miso into because it's so rich in
essential minerals and a good source of vitamins B, E, K and folic acid. As a
fermented food, miso helps make your gut healthy with beneficial bacteria. We
especially could use this during those winter cold and flu months! At least I
can.

## How to make this vegetarian ramen recipe:  

**Step One:** Into a large pot add the coconut oil and heat for 30 seconds
before adding the onion.  On low-medium heat, cook the onion for 7-8 minutes
until translucent and soft.

**Step Two:** Increase heat to medium, and add garlic, lemongrass, Thai bay
leaves and ginger.  Stir everything till well combined and cook for 3 minutes.

**Step Three:** To the pot, add the peppers and mushrooms.  Cook them down for
5 minutes or until completely soft.

**Step Four:** Now add the red curry paste, vegetable stock paste and miso.
Cook for 5 minutes before increasing heat to high and adding the coconut milk
and hot water.

**Step Five:** Bring the soup mixture to a boil then simmer for 7-8 minutes
before removing it from heat and setting it aside.

**Step Six:** In the meantime, in a separate pot, bring some water to a boil
and cook your ramen noodles as instructed on the packet.  Once cooked, strain
and begin serving your soup.

> I like adding the desired amount of noodles first, then dolloping the soup.
> Enjoy with a fresh pinch of green onions, cilantro and fresh lime.



## FAQ & Expert Tips:

**Get Creative:** Get creative with your vegetable of choice! Use what your
family enjoys, just use the same ratios.

**Noodles:** You don't need to use ramen noodles. Rice noodles also work, even
pasta too.

**Storage:** Store noodles and soup separately, in the fridge, in tightly
sealed containers for optional leftovers. The soup will last up to 1 week.

**Freezing:** To freeze, cook, cool and transfer to tightly sealed containers.
Reheat and add noodles!

## Other recipes you'll love

If you love this Vegetarian Ramen Recipe, you'll for sure like some of these
noodle bowls and other ramen recipes I have for you: with Sesame Chili Sauce

  * Creamy Vegan Ramen
  * 15 Minute Drunken Thai Noodles
  * Spicy Thai Sunflower Noodle Salad
  * Creamy Asian Udon Noodle Bowl
  * Vegan Potstickers with Sesame Chili Sauce

## For more eBooks:

If you want more deliciousness at the click of your finger, be sure to check
out FoodByMaria’s Newest Mini Cookbooks. Limited time offer of 3 for $20USD.

## For more Greek Recipes:

If you want more Greek Recipes, check out our Free Greek Recipe Mini Cookbook!
We also have an incredible APP for you to access at all times (yes, online and
offline) all our recipes with a click of your finger – check it out here.

## For more amazing recipes:

Loved this recipe? Good! We can give you access to Maria’s most famous
recipes, check out our Top Ten Recipes Mini Cookbook! We also have an
incredible APP for you to access at all times (yes, online and offline) all
our recipes with a click of your finger – check in out here.

> What is your favourite way to eat ramen?

## Easy Vegetarian Ramen Recipe

No ratings yet

This super easy vegetarian ramen recipe is perfect for winter! It's creamy and
is infused with a yummy curry flavour. Whip it up in only 30 minutes!

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

Print Recipe Pin Recipe Save RecipeSaved!

Prep Time 10 mins

Cook Time 30 mins

Course Soup

Cuisine Vegetarian

Servings 4

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * 1 tbsp. coconut oil
  * 1 medium-sized white onion sliced
  * 3 cloves of garlic pressed
  * 1 lemongrass stick
  * 3 Thai bay leaves
  * 2- inch cube of ginger grated
  * 1 red bell pepper sliced
  * 2 cups cremini mushrooms sliced
  * 1 1/2 tbsp. red curry paste
  * 1 tsp vegetable stock paste
  * 1 tbsp. white miso paste
  * 1 400 ml can of coconut milk
  * 4 cups hot water
  * 2 packets of ramen noodles

#### Garnish:

  * 1/4 cup green onion finely chopped
  * handful fresh cilantro rough chop
  * slices of fresh lime

### Instructions



  * Into a large pot add the coconut oil and heat for 30 seconds before adding the onion. On low-medium heat, cook the onion for 7-8 minutes until translucent and soft.

  * Increase heat to medium, and add garlic, lemongrass, Thai bay leaves and ginger. Stir everything till well combined and cook for 3 minutes.

  * To the pot, add the peppers and mushrooms. Cook them down for 5 minutes or until completely soft.

  * Now add the red curry paste, vegetable stock paste and miso. Cook for 5 minutes before increasing heat to high and adding the coconut milk and hot water.

  * Bring soup mixture to a boil then simmer for 7-8 minutes before removing from heat and setting aside.

  * In the meantime, in a separate pot, bring some water to a boil and cook your ramen noodles as instructed on the packet. Once cooked, strain and begin serving your soup.

  * I like adding the desired amount of noodles first, then dolloping the soup. Enjoy with a fresh pinch of green onions, cilantro and fresh lime.

### Notes

Get creative with your vegetable of choice! Use what your family enjoys, just
use the same ratios.

You don't need to use ramen noodles. Rice noodles also work, even pasta too.

Store noodles and soup separately, in the fridge, in tightly sealed containers
for optional leftovers. The soup will last up to 1 week.

To freeze, cook, cool and transfer to a tightly sealed containers. Reheat and
add noodles!

Review This Recipe Let us know how it was!

No ratings yet



Rachel kent

Posted at 1:57 pm, August 16, 2020

Reply

Even my 3 & 5yo’s loved it!!! As always, I LOVE the app!! Thanks for sharing
all these yummy recipes with us!

Maria Koutsogiannis

Posted at 4:35 pm, August 17, 2020

Reply

You're so welcome, Rachel! Thank you so much for your support!

Miriam Granillo

Posted at 5:10 pm, June 19, 2020

Reply

This was by far the best ramen recipe I’ve ever made. I can even say it’s
better than ramen I’ve ordered in restaurants.

Maria Koutsogiannis

Posted at 10:06 pm, June 19, 2020

Reply

YESSSS THANK YOU SOO MUCH BABES!

Brittany

Posted at 1:43 pm, May 15, 2020

Reply

This is a beautifully tasty meal. This is a warm and full flavored broth. I
added broccoli, cilantro, corn, marinated lightlife grounds, greens beans,
mushrooms, and it was the most asian meal I have made myself. This will be a
staple in my house. I need to triple or quadruple the recipe next time though.
🙂

Maria Koutsogiannis

Posted at 1:53 pm, May 15, 2020

Reply

YESS! Wow, I love the additions, I need to try it that way next time!!

Donna Kirsh

Posted at 12:57 pm, March 15, 2020

Reply

I made this the other day and it was spectacular. I used ordinary bay leaves
as I couldn't source the Thai version. I am a soup maker and truly found this
in my top 3.

Maria Koutsogiannis

Posted at 6:32 pm, March 15, 2020

Reply

This makes me so happy, thanks so much!!

Elisa

Posted at 6:32 pm, March 1, 2020

Reply

This was so easy and quick to make. I’m obsessed with ramen so happy to enjoy
at home.

Maria Koutsogiannis

Posted at 7:25 pm, March 1, 2020

Reply

I love this ramen so much Elisa!

Joanne Guppy

Posted at 7:01 pm, February 12, 2020

Reply

So yummy and easy to make! We had enough broth for leftovers for another day!
Always happy about that. Enjoy

Maria Koutsogiannis

Posted at 8:08 pm, February 12, 2020

Reply

YeS!!! This makes me so happy, the broth is my favourite part!

Melissa

Posted at 8:34 pm, February 6, 2020

Reply

By packets of ramen noodles, do you mean inchiban? Or is there another place
in Calgary that sells just the noodles?

Maria Koutsogiannis

Posted at 8:41 pm, February 6, 2020

Reply

Sure, there are so many places that have Ramen noodles. Asian stores, grocery
stores, etc. Some of them still have spices but you can just disgard and use
the noodles!

Laura

Posted at 9:53 pm, February 5, 2020

Reply

This recipe is so easy and quick to make. Also obsessed with ramen right now.
Can't get enough!

Maria Koutsogiannis

Posted at 8:34 am, February 6, 2020

Reply

Thanks for the love, Laura! This recipe is one of my favourites!

Theresa Madrill

Posted at 5:29 pm, February 9, 2020

Reply

One of the best dishes I’ve ever had!! I cannot believe I made these flavors
with what I already had in the pantry!! Insanely delicious! This recipe is a
gift to the tastebuds!

Lauren Marinigh

Posted at 9:35 pm, February 5, 2020

Reply

This recipe was so yummy and comforting. Perfect for winter months!!

Maria Koutsogiannis

Posted at 8:34 am, February 6, 2020

Reply

I love this recipe!

### Post A Comment Cancel reply

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

### Meet Maria

Welcome to FoodByMaria, a home for beautiful, simple recipes and words that
will nourish your body and heal your mind. Created with love by Maria, for
you.

Learn More

  *   *   *   *   * 

## Nourish Your Inbox!

Get more vegan and vegetarian recipes, cooking hacks and special offers
delivered to your inbox.

  * Email Address*

## You May Also Like

Vegan Meals

###  Warm Ramen Noodle Salad with Peanut Sauce

Vegan Meals

###  Baked Tofu Crumble

Vegan Meals

###  Pasta Primavera (Two Ways)

Vegan Appetizers

###  Vegan Ceviche with Watermelon

**Nourish Your Body. Nourish Your Life.**

**FoodByMaria** is on a mission to change the way people eat and understand
their food. From recipes, a cookbook, photography, recipe development, and so
much more.

  * Contact
  * Work with Maria
  * About

## Nourish Your Inbox

Get more vegan and vegetarian recipes, cooking hacks and special offers
delivered to your inbox.

  * Email Address*

  *   *   *   *   * 

© FoodByMaria 2022. Terms & Privacy Site by Barrel

