https://carameltintedlife.com/vegan-ramen-noodles/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Travel
  * About
  * Work With Me
  * ## Nav Social Menu

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * YouTube

  * search...

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

search...

  * Recipes
  * Work With Me
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

×

Home » Winter Recipes » Vegan Ramen Noodles - Instant Pot Ramen with
Vegetables

# Vegan Ramen Noodles - Instant Pot Ramen with Vegetables

Published: Nov 25, 2021 · Modified: Dec 8, 2021 | This post may contain
affiliate links·

16 shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe Jump to Video Print Recipe

_An easy recipe for Vegan Ramen Noodles made with a delicious broth and
vegetables. Make it in the Instant Pot or on the stovetop, it comes together
in just 15 minutes!_

Jump to:

  * Why you'll love this recipe
  * Ingredients
  * Stey-by-step picture instructions
  * More comfort bowls and soups
  * Instant Pot Ramen with Vegetables

## **Why you'll love this recipe**

Nothing says comfort quite like a bowl of steaming hot noodles in a comforting
broth that delivers little bursts of spice and chili in every mouthful. It is
winter as I post this recipe, and I cannot think of anything that hits the
spot better than this one-pot vegan ramen noodles.

Made with good quality ramen (always discard the seasoning!) and packed with
veggies, this Instant Pot ramen bowl can be made in under 15 minutes. You can
also simply make it on the stovetop which will take around the same time.

I do prefer the Instant Pot to make these ramen noodles with vegetables
because you can simply let the pressure cooker do its job and walk away
without any need for monitoring it. You can also set it to the 'Keep Warm'
function to have steaming hot ramen, whenever you're ready to ladle some into
a bowl!

## **Ingredients**

To make vegan ramen noodles, you will need the following ingredients:

_(for exact ingredient measures, head to the recipe card at the bottom of this
page)_

  * **Noodles** \- I recommend that you use good quality ramen noodles, and discard the seasoning. Instant ramen from the supermarket works fine too.  

  *  **Stock - **Use a good quality stock cube or vegetable bouillon  

  *  **Garlic** - Use a good amount of fresh garlic  

  *  **Vegetables - **I like to use bok choy/pak choi, carrots, brown mushrooms, scallions, cabbage, yellow onions. You can also add celery for added flavor, if you like.  

  *  **Seasonings - **To add flavor and spice to the ramen, add Sriracha, Brown Sugar, Rice Vinegar and Soy Sauce. Also, I recommend using sesame sauce for sauteing the veggies. This will go a long way in improving the flavor.

## **Stey-by-step picture instructions**

Since this is a one-pot ramen noodle recipe, I like to use an Instant Pot to
make these ramen noodles. You can also simply use a pot on the stovetop. The
advantage of using an Instant Pot is that you don't have to monitor the
noodles. Simply set the time and Pressure Cooker setting, and let it cook.

Set the Instant Pot to Saute mode. Add sesame oil and let it heat up. Add the
chopped garlic, onion, and scallions and saute for 3 minutes.

Then add the chopped veggies - I have used mushrooms, cabbage, and carrots
here. Saute for another 2-3 minutes. Turn off the Instant Pot, add the veggie
broth, brown sugar, soy sauce, and sriracha.

Add the ramen noodles (discard the ramen seasoning). Then add the rice vinegar
and give it a mix.

(As you will notice in the video, I added the bok choy in the pot before
pressure cooking, although I recommend adding it after the pressure cooking
cycle is complete. The bok choy pressure just needs to be wilted and not
cooked).

Seal the Instant Pot and set the pressure cooking cycle to 3 minutes. After
the cooking cycle is complete, immediately quick-release pressure and let the
valve drop down.

Once the pressure has released, and the valve has dropped, add in the bok choy
and give it a mix. The bok choy needs just a few minutes to be done.

And that's it! Your Instant Pot Ramen with Vegetables is now ready! Serve it
with a garnish of chili oil and sesame seeds.

## **More comfort bowls and soups**

Lentil Soup

Chickpea Coconut Curry

Asian Noodle Bowls

Thai Noodle Soup

Instant Pot Peanut Noodles

## Instant Pot Ramen with Vegetables

Shinta

_An easy recipe for Vegan Ramen Noodles made with a delicious broth and
vegetables. Make it in the Instant Pot or on the stovetop, it comes together
in just 15 minutes!_

No ratings yet

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 5 mins

Cook Time 7 mins

Course Dinner, Lunch

Cuisine asian

Servings 4 people

Calories 516 kcal

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * ▢ 14 ounces Noodles
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons Sesame Oil
  * ▢ 3 cloves Garlic finely chopped
  * ▢ 1 inch  Ginger finely chopped
  * ▢ 1 Scallions chopped
  * ▢ 1 Yellow Onion chopped
  * ▢ ½ cup Cabbage chopped
  * ▢ 1 Carrots diced
  * ▢ Grams Mushrooms sliced
  * ▢ 3 cups Vegetable Stock or use a good quality stock cube or bouillon
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons Rice vinegar
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons Brown Sugar
  * ▢ 2 teaspoons Sriracha adjust as per your spice tolerance
  * ▢ 1 Bok Choy rinsed, cut lengthwise

### Instructions



  * Set the Instant Pot to Saute mode. Add sesame oil and let it heat up. Add the chopped garlic, ginger, onion, and scallions and saute for 3 minutes.

  * Then add the chopped veggies - I have used mushrooms, cabbage, and carrots here. Saute for another 2-3 minutes. 

  * Turn off the Instant Pot, add the veggie broth, brown sugar, soy sauce, and sriracha.

  * Add the ramen noodles (discard the ramen seasoning). Then add the rice vinegar and give it a mix.

  * Seal the Instant Pot and set the pressure-cooking cycle to 3 minutes. After the cooking cycle is complete, immediately quick-release pressure and let the valve drop down.

  * Once the pressure has released, and the valve has dropped, add in the bok choy and give it a mix. The bok choy needs just a few minutes in the hot ramen to be cooked.

  * Instant Pot Ramen with Vegetables is now ready. Serve it with a garnish of chili oil and sesame seeds.

### Video

### Nutrition

Calories: 516kcalCarbohydrates: 93gProtein: 17gFat: 9gSaturated Fat:
1gPolyunsaturated Fat: 4gMonounsaturated Fat: 3gSodium: 916mgPotassium:
890mgFiber: 7gSugar: 15gVitamin A: 12348IUVitamin C: 103mgCalcium: 268mgIron:
3mg

Keyword instant pot ramen, ramen with vegetables, vegan ramen noodles

Have you Tried this Recipe? Tag me Today!Tag me on Instagram!
@carameltintedlife or use the hashtag #carameltintedlife

« Air Fryer Breakfast Potatoes - Crispy Air Fried Potatoes

Air Fryer Bacon Wrapped Dates »

16 shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

## Primary Sidebar

#### Shinta Simon

is always on the lookout for inspiration for her next meal. She shares recipes
for family meals, Instant Pot recipes and more

Read more...

### Spring/Summer Recipes

### Popular Posts

## Vegetable Korma - Vegan and Gluten-free Veg Korma

## Instant Pot Lamb Curry | Lamb Bhuna | Bhuna Gosht

## Mediterranean Roasted Chicken and Hasselback Potatoes

## A Brunch Menu - Celebrating Mother's Day

## 20 Instant Pot Summer Recipes

## Instant Pot Lemon Berry Pudding

## Footer

### Affiliate Links

Caramel Tinted Life is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates
Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us
to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com and
affiliated sites.

  * Privacy Policy
  * Work With Me
  * About

## Footer

^ back to top

### About

  * Privacy Policy
  * About Me

### FREE e-book

  * Sign Up! for a FREE e-book on  
Indian Recipes

### Contact

  * Contact

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2021 Caramel Tinted Life | Technical Partner </> Host My Blog

