https://thegastronomicbong.com/chicken-lollipop-drums-of-heaven/


__

__

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Vegetarian
    * Meat and Poultry
    * Fish and Seafood
    * Egg
    * Rice Dishes
    * Sweet and Savoury
    * Salads
    * Desserts
    * Bakes
      * Cakes and Cupcakes
      * Cookies
      * Breads and Buns
  * Mentions
  * About Me
  * Contact

Sign up with your email address to be the first to know about new recipes

Leave this field empty if you're human:

__

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Vegetarian
    * Meat and Poultry
    * Fish and Seafood
    * Egg
    * Rice Dishes
    * Sweet and Savoury
    * Salads
    * Desserts
    * Bakes
      * Cakes and Cupcakes
      * Cookies
      * Breads and Buns
  * Mentions
  * About Me
  * Contact
  * Subscribe
  *  __

__

__

# Chicken Lollipop (Drums of Heaven)

By _Arpita@Gastronomic Bong_ Posted on July 10, 2020 __9

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

**Chicken Lollipop (Drums of Heaven)** is a popular and most loved **Indo-
Chinese** appetizer. This **restaurant style chicken lollipop** coated with a
delicious sweet spicy tangy sauce is crispy on the outside and soft and
succulent on the inside. Follow step by step recipe to make **chicken
lollipop** from scratch at home.

Hi my friends!!

Hope you are all well and healthy.

Let me ask you something. When dining in a restaurant is there any dish that
you never, I mean never give a miss?

Well for me it was and always will be **CHICKEN LOLLIPOP** (obviously if it is
available). This coated and deep fried frenched chicken winglets is just
heavenly. No wonder the name **" DRUMS OF HEAVEN"**, so apt isn't it?!

I always look forward to it when dining in an asian restaurant. You will
totally win my heart if you serve me a large plate full of drums of heaven.
Even my friends know what I love and order for me even before saying it.
Aren't they the sweetest.

After moving to the United Kingdom, one thing I missed was a good and
delicious **restaurant style Chicken lollipop**. So I took a plunge to make
restaurant style drums of heaven at home. It is quite a laborious job that
involved cleaning, cutting and frenching chicken wings into beautiful
lollipops. But the later is just as simple and easy.

I have shared step by step method of cleaning the wings and turning them into
lollipops below.

Here are few **Indo Chinese recipes** that you can try.

**_Chicken Hakka Noodles_**

**_Restaurant style Chilli Chicken_**

**_Kung Pao Chicken_**

**_Burnt Ginger Fish_**

**_Szechuan style Chicken in Chilli Bean sauce_**

**_Oriental Meatball sliders_**

**_Chicken 65_**

**_Chinese 5 spice Chicken Fried Rice_**

### **_Chicken Lollipop Recipe_**

Print Recipe

## Chicken Lollipop | Drums of Heaven recipe

**Chicken Lollipop (Drums of Heaven)** is a popular and most loved **Indo-
Chinese** appetizer. This restaurant style chicken lollipop coated with a
delicious sweet spicy tangy sauce is crispy on the outside and soft and
succulent on the inside. Perfect party appetizer!

Prep Time30 mins

Cook Time20 mins

Course: Appetizer

Cuisine: Indian, Indo Chinese

Servings: 6 people

Author: Arpita@Gastronomic Bong

### Equipment

  * deep frying pan

  * Large bowl

### Ingredients

#### Marination

  * 10-12 Chicken Wings (around 600-700 grams)
  * 1 tbsp Ginger-garlic paste
  * 1 1/2 tbsp Soya Sauce
  * 2 tsp Vinegar
  * 2-3 tsp Chilli Sauce (green/red)
  * 1 tsp Kashmiri Chilli Powder
  * 1/2-1 tsp Chilli powder
  * 1/2 tsp Pepper Powder
  * Salt as per taste

#### Chicken Lollipop Coating

  * 1 large Egg
  * 1/2 cup All purpose flour/maida
  * 3 tbsp CornFlour

#### Chicken lollipop Sauce

  * 1 small Onion finely chopped
  * 1 1/2 tbsp Ginger finely chopped
  * 1 1/2 tbsp Garlic finely chopped
  * 2-3 Spring Onions chopped
  * 1-2 Red/Green chillies chopped (optional)
  * 1-2 tbsp Chilli Sauce (you can also use szechuan sauce)
  * 2 tbsp Tomato Ketchup
  * 2 tbsp Soya Sauce
  * 2 tsp Vinegar
  * 11/2 tsp Sugar
  * 2 tsp Veg Oil/ Sunflower oil

#### Other Ingredients

  * Veg/Sunflower Oil for Deep frying

### Instructions

#### Shaping Chicken Lollipop

  * Lets start by breaking the chicken wing from the joint.

  * Next with a sharp knife cut it at the joint.

  * Now push down or scrap the meat down with a knife under the bones. 

  * Start gathering the meat on one side and turn it inside out to form a lollipop. COntinue with the rest of the wings.

#### Marinating the chicken lollipop:

  * In a large bowl add all the ingredients listed under marination and mix everything well so that the chicken lollipops are coated well with the marination. Marinate it for atleast 1 hour (the more the better).

#### Coating and frying the Chicken Lollipop:

  * Let's start by heating enough oil in a deep frying pan on medium high heat. 

  * Now just before frying break in an egg, all purpose flour/maida and corn flour in the marinated chicken lollipop.

  * Mix everything well with hands so that each and every lollipop is coated with the batter nicely.

  * Fry the chicken lollipop in batches (do not over crowd) for 6-7 minutes until the top is nice and crispy and golden brown. 

  * Drain on a kitchen towel and keep it aside. continue with the rest of the lollipops. Meanwhile let's make the sauce.

#### To make the sauce:

  * Heat 2 tsp oil in a skillet or pan on medium heat. Add chopped onion and saute until it turns soft and translucent.

  * Next add in the chopped ginger, garlic, chillies and continue sauteing for a minute. 

  * Add in the soya sauce, vinegar, tomato ketchup, chilli sauce or szechuan sauce and sugar along with 2-3 tbsp of water and mix everything well. bring it to a boil. The sauce will be thick and sticky.

  * Finally toss in the crispy fried chicken lollipop in the sauce and toss it well to coat it evenly with the sauce.

  * Serve it hot as it is or with some spicy szechuan sauce.

I hope you enjoy this delicious  ** _Chicken Lollipop (Drums of Heaven)_** as
much as we do!

You know what guys I would love to see your creations. If you have tried this
recipe, just click a pic and tag me  **@gastronomicbong  **or **
#gastronomicbong **on  **Instagram **or on ** Facebook.**

**_Bon Appetit!!!_**

**_Stay Safe! Stay Positive!_**

### Sharing is caring:

  * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
  * Click to print (Opens in new window)
  * Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
  * More
  * 

  * Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
  * 

### Like this:

Like Loading...

### _Related_

Share this article

0

  * previously

##### Saoji Chicken Nagpuri Style

 __

  * up next

##### Black Eyed Peas Stir fry with Coconut

 __

## Post navigation

Previous Post __Previous Saoji Chicken Nagpuri Style

Next PostNext __ Black Eyed Peas Stir fry with Coconut

##### You Might Also Like

######  Spiced Banana and Coconut Fritters (Narkel diye Kolar bora)

Posted on September 25, 2015December 19, 2018

######  Karachi Biscuits Recipe (Tutti Frutti Biscuits)

Posted on October 12, 2021May 4, 2022

######  Motichoor Ladoo Recipe | Motichur Laddu

Posted on January 4, 2021

######  Pumpkin Oambal Assamese Style

Posted on September 6, 2019

######  Baba Ganoush (Roasted Eggplant Dip)

Posted on April 19, 2019

######  Orange Cardamom Spiced Hot Chocolate

Posted on December 19, 2018

### What do you think? Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Sign me up for the newsletter!

Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

Notify me of new posts by email.

Δ

#####  9 Comments

  * ###### angiesrecipes

July 10, 2020

I would devour the whole plate! That marinade sounds really great.

Reply

    * ###### Arpita@Gastronomic Bong

July 10, 2020

Thank you Angie.. It's one of my favourites.. ❤️

Reply

  * ###### Amritsari Chicken Butter Masala Recipe - Gastronomic BONG

September 1, 2020

[…] Chicken Lollipop (Drums of Heaven) […]

  * ###### Gulabi Khoya Chicken Recipe - Gastronomic BONG

September 1, 2020

[…] Chicken Lollipop (Drums of Heaven) […]

  * ###### Dimer Devil Kolkata Style Recipe - Gastronomic BONG

October 28, 2020

[…] Chicken Lollipop (Drums of Heaven) […]

  * ###### Achari Chicken Meatballs Recipe - Gastronomic BONG

November 13, 2020

[…] Chicken Lollipop (Drums of Heaven) […]

  * ###### Chicken Cutlet Kolkata Style - Gastronomic BONG

April 20, 2021

[…] Chicken Lollipop (Drums of Heaven) […]

  * ###### Chicken Egg Roll Kolkata Style - Gastronomic BONG

April 20, 2021

[…] Chicken Lollipop (Drums of Heaven) […]

  * ###### Phulkopir Singara Recipe Bengali Style - Gastronomic BONG

November 22, 2021

[…] Chicken Lollipop (Drums of Heaven) […]

### Hello Everyone!!

Welcome to Gastronomic Bong, my humble abode: A food blog with many simple and
delicious Indian & international recipes. I am Arpita, the recipe developer
and food photographer of this food blog.

Know more about me

#### Search the site

__

#### Recent News Slideshow

#### Phulkopir Singara Recipe

Posted on November 22, 2021

#### Moong Dal Halwa

Posted on November 2, 2021November 11, 2021

#### Narkel Naru Recipe (Coconut Ladoo)

Posted on October 26, 2021November 11, 2021

#### Bandhakopir Tarkari (Bengali dry Cabbage Curry)

Posted on October 22, 2021

#### Tutti Frutti Cake Rusk

Posted on October 19, 2021

#### FOLLOW ME ON

#### Recipes By Categories

Recipes By Categories Select Category About Me Bakes    Breads and Buns
Cakes and Cupcakes    Cookies Breakfast Deserts Dinner Home Lunch Recipes
Chicken Recipes    Condiments    Drinks    Egg Recipes    Fish and Seafood
Ice Cream/ Frozen Desserts    Meat and Poultry    Rice DIshes    Salads
Sweet and Savoury    Vegetarian Recipes Small Bites Soups Uncategorized

#### Archives

Archives Select Month November 2021  October 2021  August 2021  July 2021
June 2021  May 2021  April 2021  March 2021  February 2021  January 2021
December 2020  November 2020  October 2020  September 2020  August 2020  July
2020  June 2020  May 2020  April 2020  March 2020  February 2020  January 2020
December 2019  November 2019  October 2019  September 2019  August 2019  July
2019  June 2019  May 2019  April 2019  March 2019  February 2019  January 2019
December 2018  November 2018  October 2018  September 2018  September 2015
August 2015  July 2015  June 2015  February 2015  December 2014  November 2014
October 2014  September 2014  August 2014  July 2014  June 2014  May 2014

#### Follow me on Bloglovin

Follow

#### Follow me on

#### Popular posts

  * Popular Recipes

Copyrights (C) 2021 Gastronomic Bong. All Rights Reserved.

__

This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok
with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPT

Privacy & Cookies Policy

Close

#### Privacy Overview

This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate
through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as
necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of
basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that
help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be
stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to
opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an
effect on your browsing experience.

Necessary

Necessary

Always Enabled

Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function
properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic
functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not
store any personal information.

Non-necessary

Non-necessary

Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function
and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads,
other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory
to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.

SAVE & ACCEPT

Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel

Post was not sent - check your email addresses!

Email check failed, please try again

Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.



##

##

Loading Comments...



Write a Comment...

Email (Required) Name (Required) Website

###

%d bloggers like this:

