https://mariasmenu.com/chicken/drums-of-heaven


Skip to content

[ ADVERTISEMENT ]

MENU

  * KERALA RECIPES
  * BROWSE
    * ABOUT KERALA
    * READER BUZZ
    * START YOUR FOOD BLOG
    * SHOP
    * ADVERTISE
    * CONVERSIONS
    * FAQ
    * CONTACT
    * RECIPE CLUB ($10)
    * BUY EBOOK
  * ABOUT
  * JOIN US!
  *   * 

MENU

  * KERALA RECIPES
  * BROWSE
    * ABOUT KERALA
    * READER BUZZ
    * START YOUR FOOD BLOG
    * SHOP
    * ADVERTISE
    * CONVERSIONS
    * FAQ
    * CONTACT
    * RECIPE CLUB ($10)
    * BUY EBOOK
  * ABOUT
  * JOIN US!
  *   * 

  * Save 

# Drums Of Heaven

February 5, 2022July 9, 2021

Sharing Is Caring! If you liked this, share this with your friends & family...

17 Shares

  * __ Facebook
  * __ Twitter
  * __ Pinterest
  * __

So, we are meeting after a small gap! Let's just say, life happened and get on
with the recipe, what say?

Since it's been some time, I wanted to share a really good recipe, something
that tempts you to get cooking!

This is a "flavor bomb" kinda recipe. There is all kinda flavor in it… spicy,
salty, and sweet, everything works together to create a flavor bomb. Perfect
as finger food for parties or for weekend celebs. Do try it out and let me
know how you like it.

I followed the recipe verbatim from here

  * Save 

## Drums Of Heaven (Chicken Lollipops)

Print Pin

Course: Appetiser, Appetizer, Finger Food, Snacks, Starter

Author: Maria Jose Martin

### Ingredients

  * ▢ For the Chicken Lollipops:
  * ▢ 14-16 pieces Chicken lollipop (around 500 gms)
  * ▢ 1/4 cup Soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 tbsp Vinegar
  * ▢ 1 tbsp Tomato ketchup
  * ▢ 1 tbsp Red chilli powder
  * ▢ 1 tbsp Garlic paste
  * ▢ 1/4 tsp Salt
  * ▢ 1/4 cup Cornflour
  * ▢ 2 tbsp Plain flour (maida)
  * ▢ 2 tbsp Rice flour
  * ▢ 1 Egg
  * ▢ 1 tbsp Ginger paste
  * ▢ Oil for frying
  * ▢ For the Drums of Heaven:
  * ▢ 12-14 Chicken Lollipops Fried
  * ▢ 2 tbsp Oil (I used sunflower oil)
  * ▢ 1 tbsp Ginger finely chopped
  * ▢ 1 tbsp Garlic finely chopped
  * ▢ 1/4 cup Onions finely chopped
  * ▢ 2 Green Chillies finely chopped
  * ▢ 1/4 cup Schezwan Sauce or Sriracha (you can use Tabasco sauce also)
  * ▢ 1 tbsp Light Soy Sauce
  * ▢ 2 tbsp Tomato Ketchup
  * ▢ 1 tsp Sugar
  * ▢ 1/2 tsp Cornstarch / Cornflour mixed in 4 tablespoons water to make a slurry
  * ▢ 2 tbsp Coriander finely chopped
  * ▢ 2 tbsp Spring Onions finely chopped (green part only)

### Instructions

  * ▢

For the Chicken Lollipops:

  * ▢

Whisk together soy sauce, vinegar, tomato ketchup, red chilli powder, garlic
paste, salt in a bowl and toss the cleaned chicken lollipops in it. Marinate
for half an hour.

  * ▢

In the same bowl, add cornflour, plain flour, rice flour, egg and ginger paste
and mix well to create a thick batter and coat the lollipops in it.

  * ▢

Heat about two inches oil in a wok or kadhai. Add the battered lollipops one
by one to the oil in such a way that the meat is at the bottom and the bone is
on top. Fry these on medium - high heat till golden brown (approx 3-4
minutes).

  * ▢

Take these out on a tissue paper to blot out any excess oil and set aside.

  * ▢

For the Drums of Heaven:

  * ▢

In a wok or kadhai, heat oil and add ginger and garlic. Stir fry on high heat
for a minute and add chopped onions. Keep stir frying till the onions soften
and add green chillies. After a few seconds, add schezwan sauce, soy sauce,
ketchup and sugar. Cook the sauce for 2 minutes, stir frying as it cooks.

  * ▢

Add the cornflour slurry and keep stir frying till it thickens (approx a
minute or so). Add the chicken lollipop and coriander and toss well. Top it
with chopped spring onions and serve.

### Notes

You can do the first marinade and refrigerate overnight. However, after adding
flour to chicken, it's better to cook and serve immediately.

Tried this recipe? Let others know by…mentioning @mariasmenu or tagging
#mariasmenu

  * Save 

Sharing Is Caring! If you liked this, share this with your friends & family...

17 Shares

  * __ Facebook
  * __ Twitter
  * __ Pinterest
  * __

### Have you tried these today?

  * Double Chocolate Brownies and All You Need to Know About…
  * Kerala Style Egg & Potato Curry
  * Must Try Christmas Recipes
  * Grilled Chicken - Stove Top Method

### 1 thought on "Drums Of Heaven"

  1. Harini Vino

August 17, 2021 at 1:11 pm

Hi Marias Menu,  
This recipe seems to be very delicious and mouth-watering. And also the steps
are given very clear in your blog. You are doing a great job. Thanks for
sharing such a yummy dish.

Thanks.

Reply

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Comment

Name Email Website

Δ

## TRENDING recipes now…

  * ABOUT MARIASMENU - Learn more about MariasMenu, Maria & Jose…
  * RECIPE (GALLERY) INDEX
  * RECIPE TIMELINE
  * BY CUISINE… __ __
    * Arabic Recipes
    * Kerala Recipes
    * Kerala Christian Recipes
    * Indo Chinese Recipes
    * North Indian Recipes
    * Indian Dessert Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * No Onion and No Garlic
  * BY INGREDIENT… __ __
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Duck Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Mutton Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Fish Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * Eggless Baking Recipes
    * Eggless Dessert Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes
    * Dal Recipes
    * Rice & Noodle Recipes
    * Paneer Recipes
    * Pasta Recipes
    * Fruit Recipes
  * BY OCCASION… __ __
    * MM Favourites
    * Christmas Recipes
    * Diwali Sweet Recipes
    * Onam Recipes
    * Party Recipes
    * Snack & Starter Recipes
    * Breakfast Recipes
  * BY SPECIALITY… __ __
    * Dessert Recipes
    * Dips & Sauces Recipes
    * Bachelor Recipes
    * Baking Recipes
    * Cake Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * No Bake Recipes
    * Healthy Recipes
    * Soup Recipes
    * Salad Recipes
    * Sandwiches Recipes
    * Savoury Bake Recipes
    * Spicy Recipes
    * Pudding Recipes
    * Payasam Recipes
    * Pickle Recipes
    * Mocktail Recipes
    * AWW Recipes
  * TOP __ __
    * Top 10 All Time Best Recipes
    * Top 10 Reader Favs
    * Top 10 Shared Recipes
    * Top 10 Pinned Recipes
    * Top 10 Tweeted Recipes
  * BUY - MM Chicken eBooklet - Grab The Chicken eBooklet!
  * BUY - MM Christmas eBooklet - Grab The Christmas Booklet!

## Discover only the best cooking recipes, hand picked by Maria…

Find only the best cooking recipes, hand selected by Maria. They're **tried,
tasted and trusted by over 125,000 smart cooks**. Discover below the best of
MariasMenu!

Search for:

## Here's The Latest MM Video Recipe (Remember To Subscribe)…

103K Followers

913 Followers

7.7K Followers

15K Followers

14.3K Followers

8.3K Followers

Please don't steal the photos. We won't complain – but it's bad karma! Giving
credit won't hurt :)

(C) 2022 MariasMenu * Privacy Policy * __RSS

  * ABOUT MARIASMENU
  * RECIPE (GALLERY) INDEX
  * RECIPE TIMELINE
  * BY CUISINE…
    * Arabic Recipes
    * Kerala Recipes
    * Kerala Christian Recipes
    * Indo Chinese Recipes
    * North Indian Recipes
    * Indian Dessert Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * No Onion and No Garlic
  * BY INGREDIENT…
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Duck Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Mutton Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Fish Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * Eggless Baking Recipes
    * Eggless Dessert Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes
    * Dal Recipes
    * Rice & Noodle Recipes
    * Paneer Recipes
    * Pasta Recipes
    * Fruit Recipes
  * BY OCCASION…
    * MM Favourites
    * Christmas Recipes
    * Diwali Sweet Recipes
    * Onam Recipes
    * Party Recipes
    * Snack & Starter Recipes
    * Breakfast Recipes
  * BY SPECIALITY…
    * Dessert Recipes
    * Dips & Sauces Recipes
    * Bachelor Recipes
    * Baking Recipes
    * Cake Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * No Bake Recipes
    * Healthy Recipes
    * Soup Recipes
    * Salad Recipes
    * Sandwiches Recipes
    * Savoury Bake Recipes
    * Spicy Recipes
    * Pudding Recipes
    * Payasam Recipes
    * Pickle Recipes
    * Mocktail Recipes
    * AWW Recipes
  * TOP
    * Top 10 All Time Best Recipes
    * Top 10 Reader Favs
    * Top 10 Shared Recipes
    * Top 10 Pinned Recipes
    * Top 10 Tweeted Recipes
  * BUY - MM Chicken eBooklet
  * BUY - MM Christmas eBooklet

Close

17 Shares

  * __ Facebook
  * __ Twitter
  * __ Pinterest
  * __ More Networks

Share via

Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn

Mix

Pinterest

Tumblr

Skype

Buffer

Pocket

VKontakte

Parler

Xing

Reddit

Flipboard

MySpace

Delicious

Amazon

Digg

Evernote

Blogger

LiveJournal

Baidu

MeWe

NewsVine

Yummly

Yahoo

WhatsApp

Viber

SMS

Telegram

Facebook Messenger

Like

Email

Print

Copy Link

Copy link

CopyCopied

