https://www.indianhealthyrecipes.com/chicken-lollipop-recipe/


Skip to content

Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About

Search

Toggle Menu

Search

# Chicken Lollipop Recipe

Home >> Recipes >> Chicken Recipes

Byswasthi

91 Comments

__WhatsApp

 __Share 300

 __Pin 16K

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

16K Shares

These chicken lollipops are the ultimate appetizer for any occasion! Everyone
will love these saucy, super flavorful and delicious lollipops with a kick!
Serve them as an appetizer or a Side with some **Chinese noodles** or **Fried
rice**. These spicy Chicken lollipops are perfect for any occasion - parties,
family dinner or game day **Snacking**.

* * *

My recipe will teach you how to make great tasting chicken lollipops that are
crispy on the outside and juicy & tender inside. I also cover the steps to
make that finger-licking good hot and sweet **Schezwan sauce** into which the
lollipops are drenched.

## Chicken Lollipop

Chicken lollipop is a popular Indo-Chinese appetizer where a frenched chicken
drumette is marinated and then batter fried or baked until crisp. These are
then either seasoned and tossed in a sweet and spicy sauce or simply served
with a favorite sauce or dip.

**Indo-Chinese fusion foods** are hugely popular in the Indian-Chinese
Restaurants. Chicken lollipops are one of the most ordered in these places. My
family, especially my kids love Chinese foods served in the restaurants.

But these restaurant foods are not free from additives - food colors, MSG and
preservatives are added to most of these. So we try to limit eating Chinese in
restaurants.

After perfecting this Chicken lollipop recipe, we have never eaten them out
because the homemade these lollipops are the best and better than the
restaurant served. I can say these are a real thing! No additives, you have
full control over the ingredients used like oil and refined flour.

You will find a few variations of the sauce served in restaurants. The recipe
shared here will help you make a schezwan sauce which is slightly spicy, hot,
sweet and tangy with bursting flavors.

To make kids' friendly chicken lollipops, just cut down the chilli powder and
increase the sweetness. Alternately you may use any other sweet and sour
sauce.

### How to French chicken drumette or winglet

For this recipe you can use store bought chicken lollipops that are pre-
frenched and shaped. If they are not available easily, you can french the
whole chicken wings yourself. A lot of people use both chicken drumettes and
winglets to French and shape to a lollipop. But in my opinion only the
drumettes are best.

However if you have both and want to use up, feel free to use both. If you are
a beginner and has not handled meat before I suggest you try with drumettes.
These are the first portion of the whole chicken wings and are fairly easy to
french.

More **Chicken recipes**  
**Chilli chicken**  
**Szechuan chicken**  
**Chicken manchurian**

Advertisement

## How To Make Chicken Lollipop (Stepwise photos)

**Preparation**

1\. I always prefer to brine / soak the chicken in buttermilk for at least an
hour. If using larger wings or drummettes then I suggest soaking for 4 to 6
hours in refrigerator. I would not recommend skipping this step as it really
helps to yield soft and tender chicken when fried or grilled.

To make buttermilk, add 3 to 4 tbsp **Indian curd or yogurt** to a large bowl.
Whisk it well with a fork. Add 1 ¼ cup water and ¼ tsp salt. Then add chicken
to the butter milk.

Always cover the chicken container and wrap with a few disposable plastic
bags. Place the bowl in a separate compartment in the fridge which is not used
for fruits, veggies and nuts.

2\. Remove skin and fats before going ahead. Hold the thinner side of the
drummettes. Next with the help of a knife, bring down the meat towards the
other end. You can look at the picture.

3\. Drain off the buttermilk completely if any. Add chili powder or paprika,
spice powder, Ginger garlic and pepper powder as well. Toss gently to coat.

### Fry or Bake Chicken Lollipop

4\. Mix cornflour with salt. Next add it to the bowl. Mix well. If you do not
like to use corn flour, use unbleached and unbromated flour. You can make
these without flour or can use only 2 tbsp rice flour as well.

5\. Next shape them to balls on one side and place them all on a plate.

Advertisement

6\. You can grill or fry the chicken. Grill in a preheated oven at 240 C for
20 to 22 minutes depending on the size. OR Heat oil in a pan. When the oil is
hot enough, deep fry them on medium high until cooked.

Do not fry on very high flame as it may brown the chicken outside without
cooking inside. Next frying on a very low flame, will make the chicken hard. I
haven't tried shallow frying or pan frying, since I am not sure if they get
cooked well.

7\. Drain them on a kitchen towel. I fried in 3 batches.

### Make sauce

8\. Transfer the oil to a bowl. After that keep 1.5 tsp oil in the pan. Add
ginger garlic and fry until fragrant.

Advertisement

9\. Next add onions and fry until transparent. While the onions fry, make red
chili paste. Mix ¾ tbsp chili powder with 1.5 tbsp water. You can also use
ready made chili paste.

10\. Mix 1 tsp vinegar with only 1 tsp naturally brewed soya sauce for half kg
chicken. Pour it to the pan.

11\. Add sugar and red chili paste or sauce. Saute everything together without
burning.

12\. Then pour ½ cup water and Stir.

13\. Allow the sauce to cook until it thickens.

Advertisement

14\. Add the chicken and toss. I set aside a few for the kids as the sauce is
spicy.

Finally garnish chicken lollipop with spring onions or celery. Wrap the
lollypops with foil towards the bone. Serve as an appetizer or a side to a
Chinese meal.

Advertisement

**Related Recipes**

### Chilli Chicken Re...

### Schezwan Chicken

### Chicken manchuria...

### Chicken fried ric...

### Veg Noodles Recip...

### Veg Fried Rice, H...

## Recipe Card

Advertisement

## Chicken Lollipop Recipe

Better than restaurant chicken lollipop where chicken drumettes are marinated
with spices and fried or baked. Lastly tossed in a spicy sweet and tangy
finger licking sauce.

Pin Recipe Print Recipe

1x2x3x

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

For best results follow the step-by-step photos above the recipe card

Prep Time1 hour

Cook Time25 minutes

Total Time1 hour 25 minutes

Servings4

AuthorSwasthi

### Ingredients (US cup = 240ml )

  * ▢ ½ kg chicken drummettes (or 1 lb)
  * ▢ oil as needed for frying

#### marination

  * ▢ 1 ¼ tablespoon Ginger garlic paste or mince or ½ tsp each of powder
  * ▢ ¼ to ½ red chili powder or paprika (adjust) or red chili sauce
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon any spice powder or garam masala 
  * ▢ 1/8 teaspoon salt
  * ▢ 4 tablespoon cornstarch (white corn flour) or (2 tbsp rice flour)

#### seasoning for chicken lollipop

  * ▢ 1 small onion finely chopped
  * ▢ ¾ tablespoon ginger minced
  * ▢ ¾ tablespoon garlic minced
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon soya sauce
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon vinegar
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon red chili sauce or red chilli paste or any hot sauce
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon sugar
  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon salt
  * ▢ ½ cup water

#### garnishing (optional)

  * ▢ 2 tablespoon chopped celery or spring onions

Advertisement

### Instructions

#### Preparation

  * ▢

This section is optional but will tenderize the chicken & keeps it juicy.

  * ▢

Add 3 to 4 tbsp yogurt to a bowl, whisk it.

  * ▢

Then pour 1 ¼ cup water and salt.

  * ▢

Transfer the chicken and brine for 1 hour to overnight to tenderize the
chicken.

#### Frying or grilling chicken

  * ▢

Drain off the buttermilk and add chili powder, ginger garlic, spice powder &
salt.

  * ▢

Rub these well and then sprinkle corn flour. Coat the chicken well.

  * ▢

Heat oil until hot enough.

  * ▢

Then fry the chicken on a medium heat until crisp and golden.

  * ▢

Remove to kitchen tissues.

  * ▢

Alternately you can grill then in a preheated oven at 220 C for 20 to 22 mins
until cooked through.

#### How to make chicken lollipop

  * ▢

Add 1½ tsp oil to a pan for seasoning and heat it.

  * ▢

Saute ginger garlic until aromatic. Add onions & fry until transparent.

  * ▢

Stir in red chili sauce, sugar, vinegar and soya sauce.

  * ▢

When the sauce begins to bubble pour water and stir.

  * ▢

Taste and check the salt, sweet, sour & spice.

  * ▢

Add more if needed. Cook until the sauce thickens.

  * ▢

Add the fried chicken. Toss them well to coat the sauce.

  * ▢

Garnish chicken lollipop with spring onions or celery.

Advertisement

### Notes

If you do not have red chili sauce, stir in 3/4 to 1 tbsp red chilli powder in
2 tbsp water. Use it in the recipe

Alternative quantities provided in the recipe card are for 1x only, original
recipe.

For best results follow my detailed step-by-step photo instructions and tips
above the recipe card.

### NUTRITION INFO (estimation only)

Nutrition Facts

Chicken Lollipop Recipe

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 322 Calories from Fat 198

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 22g **34%**

Saturated Fat 3g **19%**

 **Cholesterol** 77mg **26%**

 **Sodium** 305mg **13%**

 **Potassium** 305mg **9%**

 **Carbohydrates** 14g **5%**

Fiber 1g **4%**

Sugar 2g **2%**

 **Protein** 15g **30%**

**Vitamin A** 1060IU **21%**

 **Vitamin C** 2.9mg **4%**

 **Calcium** 29mg **3%**

 **Iron** 1.2mg **7%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Tried this recipe?Mention @SwasthisRecipes or tag #swasthisrecipes!

(C) Swasthi's Recipes

__WhatsApp

 __Share 300

 __Pin 16K

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

16K Shares

**FOR MORE RECIPES**

Please leave this field empty

Enter & Confirm eMail ID for Swasthi's Recipes Newsletter *

Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.

  

## Post navigation

Previous Previous

Chicken manchurian recipe

NextContinue

Sweet Corn Soup

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

91 Comments

__Inline Feedbacks

View all comments

Falguni Bakhru

  
I made this as part of thanksgiving feast and kids loved it. I do not eat meat
so could not have done it without the recipe. Thank you. Wish I could share
photo.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Falguni Bakhru

Hi Falguni  
Glad it turned out good. Thank you so much! Yes would love to see the
pictures. Please send them to Swasthi's recipes Fb page.  
Thank you so much

Reply

Advertisement

Himangini singh

Hi..  
Can this be made with leg pieces too?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Himangini singh

Hi,  
If you want to French and make the lollipop then you need the wings or
drumettes. Smaller chicken legs can be used in this recipe but you can't
French them & make lollipops. You can simply fry them and add to the sauce.

Reply

Maria Alvares

Hi Swasthi,

Thank you for the recipes. I tried a few and they were wonderful. I have a
question on chicken lollipops. I am hoping to make it on the weekend. We live
in Canada and we get corn flour and corn starch. They are both extremely
different in texture. I realize it is different in the U.S, India and in other
parts of the world. In your recipe, do you mean corn flour or corn starch?

Example of how we use it in Canada: Corn starch is usually mixed with water
and then added to indo-chinese sauces like gobi manchurian to thicken it. Corn
flour is a thicker flour and we use it to make Eggplant Bhajas or Vegetable
Pakoras etc.

Would you recommend corn flour or corn starch for the chicken lollipops?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Maria Alvares

Hello Maria  
Glad to know! Yes I understand. There is another Corn flour that is yellow in
color. But here I mean cornstarch in this recipe. I use the Bob's red mill
cornstarch. Hope this helps

Reply

Mita Sengupta

  
Swasthi, I love your recipes and your style of explaining, tips, pictures are
so clear to understand.  
When I think of a new recipe, I always think of you !  
Thank you  
Mita Sengupta

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Mita Sengupta

Welcome Mita  
Happy to know! Thank you so much!  
🙂

Reply

Sumi Riyas

First time I made lollipops and it was a huge success. Easy to follow
directions with proper guidance helped to make it easily. The kids want it
again tomorrow. Thank you

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Sumi Riyas

Welcome Sumi  
Glad to know the lollipops turned out good. Thank you!  
🙂

Reply

Malavika

  
Lovely recipe. Made this today, made a small change - added soya sauce and
vinegar to the chicken during marination stage. Did not make the sauce as
there are kids at home and it would be spicy. Thanks

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Malavika

Hello Malavika  
You are welcome. Yes the sauce is spicy and kids can't have it. Thank you!

Reply

Smita

  
Awesome Receipe..Chicken was so soft & juicy due to soaking in buttermilk ..I
followed all the steps & turned out super delicious than restaurant
one..Thanks ?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Smita

Hi Smita,  
You are welcome! Glad the lollipops turned out good. Yes soaking in buttermilk
does a great job. Thank you so much for the comment!

Reply

Advertisement

Amit Chadha

  
I am a big fan of your recipes. You are doing a great job. Terrific!!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Amit Chadha

Thank you so much!

Reply

Sunny Raj

Super Chicken Loli Pop

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Sunny Raj

Thank you

Reply

__

Pooja

__Reply to   swasthi

Hi Swasthi,  
Liked your recipe n am going to try it out tmrw , what is spice mix .liked the
fact that you are using organic n pure ingredients. Easy recipes n smile home
ingredients. Finally found a chef whose recipes I can follow . R u on
Instagram

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Pooja

Hi Pooja,  
You can use garam masala or any other like cajun spice mix. Yes you can find
me on IG

Reply

Anupama Shetty

  
Hi Swasthi, i have tried your chicken 65 recipe quite a few times. And
everybody loved it. Thanks so much.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Anupama Shetty

Hi Anupama  
You are welcome. Thanks for trying the recipe. Glad to know it came out good.  
🙂

Reply

Subashini Shankar

  
Wow, I tried this at home today and it turned out soooooooo good. Thank U so
much for the wonderful recipe.

The other recipes available online has ingredients like corn flour, refined
flour, tomato ketchup, schezwan sauce i.e. either store bought ones/unhealthy
ones. But ur recipe uses mostly home made ingredients, except for soya sauce.
I like that. I tried it with rice flour and it came out real good.

And Instead of sugar, can we add honey? will it be ok?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Subashini Shankar

Hey Subashini,  
You are welcome. Glad to know it turned out good. Honey can be used but should
not be heated as it turns toxic. Just use organic sugar and soya sauce for
health reasons. If you don't find organic soya sauce, try for naturally brewed
one.  
Thanks for the comment.  
🙂

Reply

__

Subashini Shankar

__Reply to   swasthi

Will do. Thank U 🙂

Reply

Shagufta

  
looks really yummy !

Reply

Laiba

  
I tried it n it was awesome. Thanx

Reply

Advertisement

Aditi K

  
Hi Swasthi! I always wanted to try this recipe at home, but I was wondering if
there is any replacement for cornflour, or if its alright if i skip it
altogether?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Aditi K

Hi Aditi  
Yes I have mentioned in the recipe card. You can try with rice flour or you
can skip it as well

Reply

Steve

  
Hi,  
Can you make these with tandoor spice?

Thanks  
Steve

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Steve

Hi Steve  
Yes you can make use of tandoor spice powder in place of garam masala. You can
also skip soya sauce and vinegar in seasoning, replace soya sauce with more
tandoor masala. Sprinkle lemon juice just before serving. Hope this helps

Reply

__

Steve

__Reply to   swasthi

Thanks for your reply.  
Will leave overnight to marinate.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Steve

Welcome. Yes you can marinate it overnight or even upto 24 hours

Reply

Ariana

  
Hi this recipe looks yummy.

Wanted to ask u can we used chicken pieces instead of drummets  
Pls lemme know as I wanna make it  
Thanks

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Ariana

Hi Ariana  
Thanks  
Yes you can use even pieces. You can also check this link on **schezwan
chicken** similar to this recipe but made with chicken fillets.

Reply

__

Ariana

__Reply to   swasthi

Thanks for your reply ?

Will definitely try out the schezwan chicken

Reply

Azhar khan

  
Kg morning kolar

Reply

Baasha

  
Thank u mam

Reply

RANJAN

MAST HAI BHAIII IIII IIII

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   RANJAN

Thank you

Reply

Advertisement

RANJAN

  
MAST HAI CHICKEN HAI BHAI

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   RANJAN

Thanks Ranjan  
Glad to know you liked it

Reply

karish

Mene chicken lollipop try Kiya bhot zyada tasty hua

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   karish

Thanks for trying karishma. I forgot to reply your previous comment. Next time
i suggest you buy a set of measuring spoons and cups from super market. You
can find stainless steel and plastic both. Without measuring spoons, it is
very difficult to make delicious food if you are a beginner.  
🙂

Reply

Load Rest of Comments

Advertisement

Advertisement

(C) 2022 Swasthi's Recipes

Insert

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Popular RecipesExpand child menuExpand

    * Matar Paneer
    * Butter Chicken
    * Chana Masala
    * Dal Makhani
    * Gobi Manchurian
    * Chicken Tikka Masala
  * SocialExpand child menuExpand

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Twitter
    * Pinterest
    * Youtube

Toggle Menu Close

Search for:

Search

