https://wetrinifood.com/fried-chicken-wontons-recipe/


Skip to content

We Trini Food

Menu

  * All Recipes
  * Breakfast
  * Lunch
  * Bread
  * Snacks
  * Drinks
  * Trinidad Fruits

We Trini Food

Menu

  * All Recipes
  * Breakfast
  * Lunch
  * Bread
  * Snacks
  * Drinks
  * Trinidad Fruits

# Fried Chicken Wontons Recipe Trini Style

Skip To Recipe

Nothing beats fried crispy snacks as a late night Friday treat.

These fried chicken wontons are tasty and simple to make.

Serve them with your favorite condiments like ketchup or pepper sauce.

## What you need for this Trinidad chicken wontons recipe

For this recipe, I used:

  * boneless, skinless chicken breast
  * store-bought wonton skin wrappers
  * Caribbean green seasoning with chadon beni, garlic and pepper
  * onions
  * sweet peppers
  * cilantro
  * chadon beni (or culantro)
  * salt
  * flour
  * oil for frying
  * water for folding

You can eliminate the sweet peppers and fresh herbs from this recipe. Or you
can add many other optional seasonings and ingredients. Flavor the chicken
filling how ever you like. Consider adding:

  * BBQ sauce
  * oregano
  * all purpose seasoning
  * Chinese seasoning
  * garlic powder
  * celery powder
  * soy sauce
  * chili sauce

This list can go on and on but I’ll stop right here.

## How to make these chicken wontons

Here I’ll explain what I did for this batch of wontons. But, the recipe for
the filling changes often based on which fresh herbs and veggies are bearing
in my garden. So, make the filling your own.

**Step 1:** Since I use frozen wonton wrappers, I usually take them out of the
freezer a few hours before starting to cook the chicken.

### **Marinate the chicken**

**Step 2:** I use boneless, skinless chicken breast from the store for this
recipe. I rinse the meat out and toss in a little flour before rinsing again.
The flour removes the ‘fresh’ smell and taste from the meat. If there are any
small pieces of fat, cut them out. Rinse the meat again.

**Step 3:** Mix in salt and Caribbean green seasoning to the chicken. Cover
and allow to marinate for at least 4 hours to overnight.

Usually, I batch clean and season the chicken breast. This makes prep work a
whole lot easier for a wide range of chicken recipes. So, all I have to do is
defrost the chicken from the freezer.

### **Pre-cook the chicken**

You don’t have to precook the chicken for making chicken wontons because they
will cook in the hot oil when frying. Personally though, I prefer to pre-cook
the chicken to guarantee it is cooked all the way through.

There are a number of ways to pre-cook the chicken.

**Step 4A:** You can cut the meat into smaller 2-inch pieces and sauté with a
little oil. When the chicken turns white and the liquid it releases boils off,
you can mix in the other filling ingredients. Cook for a few minutes and set
aside.

**Step 4B:** Another way I pre-cook the chicken is by griddling the meat.
Griddling adds a delicious smokiness to the chicken but it can dry the meat
out so you have to be cautious when cooking. To griddle, place the griddle pan
on medium heat and brush oil onto the pan. Leave to heat up for 10 minutes or
so.

Next, place the whole chicken breast in the pan. It will slowly turn white and
release its natural liquid. When the meat is fully cooked on one side, it will
release from the pan and be very easy to flip over. Turn the meat and allow to
brown on the other side.

Remove from the heat and set aside.

### **Cook the veggies**

**Step 5:** Since I griddled the chicken breast whole, I cooked the veggies
separately. So, to a small pot on medium heat, add oil and leave to heat up.
Then, stir in onions and cook until translucent (about two minutes). Once
that’s done, add the sweet peppers and fresh herbs. Cook for another two to
five minutes. When done, set aside to cool.

**Step 6:** With the cooked chicken breast cooled, cut into half inch pieces
and mix with the cooled veggies.

**Step 7:** At this point, you can add some of your optional ingredients.
Sometimes I add in BBQ sauce and other seasonings so you can make this chicken
wontons recipe your own here.

### **How to wrap wontons for frying**

At this point, the frozen store-bought wonton wrappers should be at room
temperature, soft and pliable.

There are a few ways to fold the wontons – I make little boat-shaped ones or
flat ones.

**Step 8A:** For the boat-shaped ones:

  1. dunk the wrapper into a small bowl of water, shaking off the excess.
  2. place a small dollop of the chicken filling in the center of the wrapper.
  3. fold the diagonal ends together, pressing all the edges together.
  4. push the center of the filling upward.
  5. pull the two lower ends towards each other, squeezing them together.
  6. place on a plate or tray to dry.
  7. move the wontons after a few minutes to prevent them from sticking.

**Step 8B:** For the flat wontons, simply repeat the first three steps (wet
the wrapper, place the filling, and fold along the diagonal). Next, fold each
of the lower edges onto the filling like the photo below. That’s it. These are
flatter so you will need less oil for frying; however, they will take up more
space in the pot so you will have more batches to make.

### **Fry the chicken wontons**

**Step 9:** While filling and folding the wontons, place a large pot on medium
heat. Add vegetable oil, enough to deep fry the wontons. Leave to heat up for
10 to 15 minutes. Place a bamboo skewer in the oil and if bubbles form around
the skewer, the oil is ready for frying.

**Step 10:** Add in the wontons. It only takes a few seconds for the wrappers
to puff up and float to the surface of the oil. Flip them and allow them to
develop a nice golden brown color on both sides.

Remove from the oil and place on thick napkins to soak up the excess oil.
Serve hot alongside your favorite dipping sauces, fries, and more.

More recipes

Shrimp wontons

Veg spring rolls

Pan grilled chicken

Plantain chips

## Fried chicken wontons recipe

* * *

## Trinidad-style fried chicken wontons

Print Recipe

Nothing beats fried crispy chicken wontons as a late night Friday treat. These
wontons are made with griddled chicken, veggies and Caribbean herbs. Serve
them with your favorite dipping sauce like ketchup, chili sauce or garlic
sauce.

Course Snack

Cuisine Caribbean, Chinese

Keyword chicken wontons

Prep Time 4 hrs

Cook Time 40 mins

Total Time 4 hrs 40 mins

Servings 50 wontons

Author We Trini Food

### Ingredients

#### Chicken filling

  * 3-4 boneless (skinless chicken breast)
  * 2 tbsp green seasoning (with chadon beni, garlic, chive, pepper)
  * 1 onion (chopped)
  * 1 sweet pepper (chopped)
  * 1 tbsp chadon beni leaves (chopped)
  * 1 tbsp cilantro or celery leaves  (chopped)
  * salt to taste
  * pepper to taste
  * 2 tbsp oil
  * flour to wash the chicken

#### Wontons

  * 30 store-bought wonton wrappers
  * water for folding
  * oil for deep frying

### Instructions

#### Filling

  * Clean and wash chicken with flour. Rinse again.

  * Mix in green seasoning and salt.

  * Cover and refrigerate to marinate for four hours to overnight.

  * Place a griddle pan on medium heat.

  * Brush the pan with oil.

  * Leave to heat up for 10 minutes.

  * Place the chicken breast on the hot pan.

  * After 6-8 minutes, check if the chicken releases from the pan, leave until it does.

  * Flip the chicken.

  * Cook for another 6-8 minutes.

  * Remove from the heat and set aside.

  * Once cool, dice into 1-inch pieces.

  * Place a small pot on medium heat.

  * Add oil and allow to heat up.

  * Toss in onions and cook until translucent (2 minutes).

  * Mix in sweet peppers and fresh herbs.

  * Cook for another 2 – 5 minutes.

  * Set aside to cool.

  * Mix diced chicken with cooled veggies.

#### Wontons

  * Place a large pot on medium heat.

  * Add enough oil for deep frying. Leave to heat up.

  * Place a wonton wrapper into water.

  * Remove and shake off the excess.

  * Place a dollop of the chicken filling in the center of the wrapper.

  * Fold and squeeze its diagonal edges together. Squeeze all edges.

  * Push the center of the filling upward.

  * Pull the two lower ends to each other and squeeze to seal.

  * Or fold the two lower corners onto the filling and squeeze.

  * Set aside to dry out on a non-stick tray.

  * Lift the dried wontons after a few minutes to prevent sticking and tearing.

  * When the oil is hot, add the wontons.

  * Flip over when the wontons rise to the top and start browning.

  * Continue flipping to ensure even browning.

  * Remove from heat.

  * Place on napkins to soak up the excess oil.

  * Serve hot.

* * *

Pin this:

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name Email Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Search

QUICK RECIPES

Dhal and rice

Sada roti

LUNCH IDEAS

Fried rice

Chow mein

BAKING

Sponge cake

Banana bread

About Me | Privacy Policy

© 2022 WeTriniFood.com | All Rights Reserved.

