https://www.orwhateveryoudo.com/2019/05/fried-wontons.html


Skip to Content

Search Magnifying Glass

Search for: Close Search ×

  * New!
  * Traeger Hub
    * Traeger Recipes
    * 25 Easy Pellet Grill Recipes for Beginners
    * 75 Essential Traeger Recipes
  * Blackstone Recipes
    * 60+ Incredible Blackstone Recipes
    * Blackstone Griddle New Owner Guide
    * How to re-season a Blackstone!
  * Recipes
  * OWYD+

# Fried Wontons

By: Author Nicole Johnson

Posted on Last updated: July 20, 2022

Categories Appetizers, Blackstone Griddle Recipes, Recipes

As an Amazon Associate, we earn from qualifying purchases. This site contains
affiliate links.

Jump to Recipe

These easy **fried wontons** are made with ground chicken and a mixture of
seasonings and then quickly fried and served with a soy-vinegar sauce. Make it
spicy with some sriracha, or skip it for the tender-mouthed among you.

## Fried Wontons with Chicken

A wonton is a dumpling with a meat or vegetable filling inside. My easy-fried
wonton recipe has a mixture of ground chicken and seasonings inside. We love
making these alongside our many stir-fry recipes, and serving with my favorite
homemade pot sticker sauce!

Pictured here what you see are deep-fried wontons, but there is more than one
way to cook these awesome little nuggets. One of my new favorites is on our
Blackstone griddle. Pan-fried dumplings make great appetizers.

More **Blackstone Recipes** here!

### Fried Wontons shopping list

Wondering if you have to hit the store? Here's the list of items you'll need
to make this recipe. For specific amounts, please refer to the printable
recipe card at the bottom of the post.

  * wonton wrappers
  * ground chicken
  * garlic
  * ginger
  * soy sauce
  * togarashi

Get more **recipes for your cookout** here!

### How to make Homemade Fried Wontons

This is just the overview so you can see what you're actually getting into
here. When you are cooking, you'll want to use the full recipe at the bottom
of the page.

1

Mix

Mix together the chicken, garlic, ginger, soy sauce, and togarashi together
until the ingredients are well-incorporated.

2

Stuff

Take about a teaspoon of the chicken mixture and place it into the center of
the wonton wrapper. Dampen the edges of the wrapper with water and fold to
seal in a triangle shape, then fold the corners in.

3

Fry

If deep frying, preheat about 1 1/2 inches of oil in a skillet on the stovetop
to 350°. Fry in small batches until golden brown. The internal temperature of
the meat should be at least 165°.

4

Enjoy

Repeat the frying process until they are all cooked, and serve with dipping
sauce.

Follow me on **Instagram**!

### Fried Wontons FAQ

Answers to some commonly asked questions about my fried wonton recipe!

**Where can you buy wonton wrappers?**

Wonton wrappers can be bought at most major grocery stores, typically in the
refrigerated section. Even my tiny rural store carries these, so you shouldn't
have any trouble tracking some down.  
  
I would not personally recommend making these wrappers yourself. It can be
done, but it really time-consuming and turns this quick appetizer into more a
labor of love.

**How do you fold wontons?**

There's really no "wrong" way to fold these. As long as the wrappers are
sealed you'll end up with something delicious.  
To fold them like you see pictured here, just match corner to corner creating
a triangle. Make sure to wet the edges lightly so the filling doesn't come out
when they are frying.

**How do you fry wontons?**

When you deep fry your chicken wontons, make sure that the oil is heated to
350° degrees. If your oil is too hot it will cook the wontons too quickly and
the filling won't get a chance to cook.  
If you don't have an oil thermometer, you can test it by cooking a tester. You
want the wonton to take about 4-5 minutes total to cook.

**What 's the best pan to use for frying wontons?**

A wok will always be ideal for this sort of thing, but if you don't have one
you can use any skillet. I prefer non-stick.  
Be careful when you slide the wontons into the oil to prevent any splattering.
You want a high temp oil like canola or avocado oil for best results.

**Tips for frying the best wontons ever**

**Be patient!** | You'll be flipping the wontons halfway through the fry to
get the other side, so don't feel like you have to flip them more than that.
Let them cook in peace, why don'tcha??  
  
 **Never walk away from your stove when frying** | For real. Not even for a
minute. These cook quickly and anytime you've got frying going on you need to
be all hands on deck.  
  
 **Have your draining area ready** | You'll want a plate lined with paper
plates to place the cooked wontons on to cool before you shovel them into your
mouth. Have it ready before you need it!

Check out our **Blackstone Yakisoba** recipe too!

### More Asian-inspired recipes!

If you use up all the wonton wrappers and still want egg rolls, my **Egg Rolls
In A Bowl** recipe is perfect. What better way to get those veggies in for the
picky eaters. Simply place this delicious side in your bowl of choice and ta-
da, a delicious complement to these Fried Chicken Wontons.

Looking for a main entree still? Traeger Grilled Salmon is a delicious grilled
salmon recipe that I can't get enough of. Change it up and make a Togarashi
Pork Tenderloin if you want something other than fish.

### More recipes to love

  * **Traeger Pulled Lamb Gyro Sandwich**
  *  **Traeger Smoked No-Wrap Pork Ribs**
  *  **Homemade Guacamole**
  *  **Smoked Beef Shank (Thor's Hammer)**
  *  **Smoked Onion Jam**
  *  **Traeger Steak and Potato Casserole**
  *  **Sous Vide London Broil**
  *  **Smoked Chicken Thighs**
  *  **Smoked Baked Beans**
  *  **Traeger Corned Beef**
  *  **TikTok Feta Pasta**

  * Pinterest

Continue to Content

Yield: 6 servings

# Fried Wontons with Chicken

Print

These simple fried wontons are made with ground chicken, ginger, garlic, soy,
and togarashi. Quickly fried and served with a vinegar and soy sauce.

**Prep Time** 15 minutes

**Cook Time** 5 minutes

**Total Time** 20 minutes

## Ingredients

  * 24 wonton wrappers 
  * 1/2 pound ground chicken 
  * 1 teaspoon minced garlic 
  * 1/2 teaspoon minced ginger 
  * 1 tablespoon soy sauce 
  * 2 teaspoons togarashi 
  * oil for frying 

## Instructions

  1. Combine the chicken, garlic, ginger, soy sauce, and togarashi in a small bowl, and mix to combine. 
  2. Stuff about a tablespoon into each wrapper, brush the edges with water, and then fold into a triangle. Fold the edges in toward the middle, and set aside. 
  3. Preheat 1 - 1 1/2 inches of oil in a skillet over medium to medium-high heat. 
  4. Fry the wontons in batches, flipping once until both sides are golden brown. They should fry for 3-4 minutes. If they are getting done sooner than that, turn your oil down a bit. You need to give them enough time to fully cook the filling.
  5. Remove to a separate plate and serve with vinegar soy dipping sauce.

### Nutrition Information:

### Yield:

6

### Serving Size:

1  
_Amount Per Serving:_ Calories: 187Total Fat: 7gSaturated Fat: 1gTrans Fat:
0gUnsaturated Fat: 5gCholesterol: 43mgSodium: 357mgCarbohydrates: 19gFiber:
1gSugar: 0gProtein: 12g

## Love this recipe? Tell your friends!

Follow on Instagram for more!

(C) Or Whatever You Do

**Cuisine:** American  / **Category:** Appetizers

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

Home Â» Grilling Â» Blackstone Griddle Recipes Â» **Fried Wontons**

Tags

Tags

ground chickensoy sauce

## Post navigation

Blackstone Griddle Bacon Cheese Omelet

Mignonette Sauce for Oysters

Click here to cancel reply.

Δ

###

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Pinterest
  * Instagram
  * Yummly

### Looking for a recipe?

Search for:

### Helpful Links

  * **Privacy Policy**
  * **Web Stories**

### Find us online!

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Pinterest
  * Instagram
  * Yummly

### Learn More

  * **OWYD+**
  * **About Us**
  * **Work With Me**

All text and images copyright Â©OWYD, LLC - 2022 | Trellis Framework by
Mediavine

Skip to Recipe

