https://culinaryginger.com/chicken-wonton-soup/


__

____

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Web Stories
  * About
  * Contact

Subscribe to receive new posts via email:

Email

Please wait...

####

Thank you for signing up!

__ __ __ __ __ __

__

__ __ __ __ __

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Web Stories
  * About
  * Contact

# Chicken Wonton Soup

February 10, 2021 -- _last updated_ April 6, 2022

  *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe

This Chicken Wonton Soup recipe is a quick and delicious Chinese soup that can
be an appetizer or complete meal. Ground chicken breast is mixed with
delicious flavorings then easily transformed into dumplings that can be made
ahead so the soup is ready to go anytime.

This is one of the first recipes I posted way back in 2013 and has been
popular ever since. For a little refresh, I updated the pictures and added a
step-by-step video.

Wonton, which translates to 'swallowing a cloud',  is a great way to describe
how light these dumplings are. Ground chicken, green onions and flavorings are
mixed together then wrapped in wonton wrappers then cooked in a delicious
broth for a light and healthy soup.

Napa cabbage is traditional in wonton soup, but I like to use bok choy because
it gets greener when it cooks which makes this soup very eye-catching and
bright.

**More additions to wonton soup**

There are lots of ingredients you can add to the soup. Once additional
ingredients are added, it then becomes Wor Wonton Soup. Wor is the Chinese
word for everything. Some of these additions can be other vegetables like
carrots, mushrooms, broccoli and proteins such as pork or shrimp.

The key to making the wonton assembly go quickly is to have everything lined
up around your work area: the wonton wrappers, the chicken filling and a small
bowl of water.

The wontons come together very quickly once you get the hang of making them. I
like to lay out as many wonton wrappers that will fit on my board. In this
case, I was making them in batches of 6.

**How to make wontons in 4 easy steps** **(you can also see this in the
video)**

  1. **Fill the wonton  
**

Spoon a teaspoon of chicken mixture into the center of a wonton wrapper.  

  2. **Fold the wonton**

Dip a pastry brush or your finger in the water and wet the top and right edge
of the wonton wrapper. Fold the bottom left corner over the filling to meet
the top right corner (this can be reversed if you are left handed).  

  3. **Seal**

Pinch so all the air is pushed out and the wonton wrapper is tight around the
filling with a good seal.  

  4. **Fold**

Take the right and left corners and bring them around to meet at the bottom
(wet one corner to  help them stick).  

**Freezing   wontons**

This recipe makes a lot of wontons, 27 to be exact. Which is too many for the
count of 3 in a single serving of soup. You can freeze whatever you don't use.

To freeze, put the unused wontons in a zippered bag in a single layer. Put the
bag flat in the freezer and simply pull out however many you need, when you
need them.

**Freezing leftover soup**

Pour the leftover soup into a container with a tight fitting lid and freeze.
To defrost, place in the fridge overnight then reheat in the microwave or a
pan on the stovetop and enjoy!

**Dishes to serve with Wonton Soup**

  * Vegetarian Chinese Hot and Sour Soup
  * Trio of Asian Dipping Sauces
  * Chicken and Vegetable Lettuce Wraps with Orange Sauce

**The importance of using good chicken broth or stock.**

I have had some terrible tasting chicken broth/stocks from the grocery store.
Be sure your broth/stock has good flavor because just adding the ginger, soy
and sesame oil may not help the flavor. Just keep this in mind.

Continue to Content

Yield: 4

## Chicken Wonton Soup

Print

Ground chicken breast is mixed with delicious flavorings then easily
transformed into wontons that can be made ahead so the soup is ready to go
anytime.

**Prep Time** 10 minutes

**Cook Time** 3 minutes

**Total Time** 13 minutes

### Ingredients

  * For the wontons: 
  * 1 pound (454 grams) ground chicken breast or skinless boneless chicken breasts 
  * 2 spring onions/scallions chopped 
  * 1/4 teaspoon low sodium soy sauce 
  * 1/2 teaspoon rice vinegar 
  * 1 teaspoon fresh ginger, peeled and chopped finely 
  * 1/4 teaspoon salt (you may need less if your soy sauce is salty) 
  * 27 each, 2-inch (5 cm) square wonton wrappers 
  *   * For the soup: 
  * 6 cups (1.4 liters) low sodium good tasting chicken stock/broth * see note 
  * 6 ounces (170 grams) bok choy (pak choi) 
  * 1 tablespoon grated ginger, or to taste 
  * 2 tablespoons low sodium soy sauce, or to taste 
  * 1 tablespoons toasted sesame oil, or to taste 
  * 2 spring onions/onions, sliced 

### Instructions

  1. **If using ground chicken:** To a food processor, add the chicken, spring onions/scallions, soy sauce, rice wine, ginger, salt and pepper. Pulse until the meat comes together in a ball.
  2.  **If using chicken breast:** Cut the chicken into large pieces. Add to the food processor and pulse until it resembles ground chicken. Add the spring onions/scallions, soy sauce, rice wine, ginger, salt and pepper. Pulse until the meat comes together in a ball.
  3. On a clean surface or cutting board, arrange the wonton wrappers. Have a small bowl of water nearby.  
Spoon 1 tablespoon of of the chicken mixture into the center of each wonton.
Wet a finger in the water and wet 2 edges of the wonton.

  4. Fold the opposite corner to meet the wet edge to make a triangle. Press very firmly and make sure you get a good seal, pressing out any air so it is tight around the chicken and well sealed. This is important so the chicken doesn't seep out when cooking.
  5. With the folded corner facing away from you, bring the left and right corners around to meet at the bottom, wet with water and press firmly together. You can see this in the pictures and also in the video. Set aside. Don't worry too much about the shape as they change dramatically when cooked.
  6. Add the chicken stock to a large pan and bring to a simmer. Add the wontons, bok choy, ginger, soy sauce and sesame oil. Taste to see if you want to add more ginger, soy or sesame oil. Simmer for 3 minutes.
  7. Serve and garnish with sliced spring onions/scallions.  
  

### Notes

Using a good tasting broth/stock is important because it will affect the taste
of the finished soup.

#### Nutrition Information

#### Yield

4

#### Serving Size

1  
_Amount Per Serving_ Calories 325Total Fat 10gSaturated Fat 2gTrans Fat
0gUnsaturated Fat 7gCholesterol 62mgSodium 1078mgCarbohydrates 25gFiber
4gSugar 9gProtein 33g

_This nutrition calculation is provided by Nutronix that is only a guideline
and not intended for any particular diet._

(C) Culinary Ginger

**Cuisine:** Asian  / **Category:** Soup

Appetizers Asian Recipes Brunch Chicken Comfort food Dinner Ideas Game Day One
pot dishes Snacks Soup Vegetables

_posted by_ Janette _on_ February 10, 2021

30 _Comments_ / Leave a Comment Â»

### Never Miss a Recipe

Subscribe to receive new posts via email:

Email

Please wait...

####

Thank you for signing up!

_Â« Previous Post_Mushroom Pancetta Ragu with Polenta

_Next Post Â»_ _Sicilian Lentil Pasta

###  30 Comments on "Chicken Wonton Soup"

  1. **Alice** -- @  Reply

Delicious! I used pork mince and apple cider vinegar because I didnâ€™t have any
rice vinegar. My blenders on the blitz so I hand mixed. Really tasty receipe,
thanks!

    * **Janette** -- @  Reply

I'm so glad you liked them and I like making them with pork sometimes too.
Thank you for the great feedback.

  2. **Valerie Wills** -- @  Reply

I made this for the weekend and it was delicious. I have the leftovers with me
for lunch today at work and can't wait. Thanks for a delicious and easy
recipe.

    * **Janette** -- @  Reply

I'm so glad, thank you for the great feedback Valerie and enjoy your lunch ðŸ™‚

  3. **Roxie** -- @  Reply

Can you tell me how many quarts this makes, or how much a serving size is?
Thanks!

    * **Janette** -- @  Reply

Hi Roxie, the recipe yields almost 2 quarts. Thanks for stopping by.

  4. **Debbie Mercer** -- @  Reply

Can you make the wontons ahead and freeze them for a day when you NEED the
soup? I love soup but it's only me and I'd never be able to eat all of them at
one time!

    * **Janette** -- @  Reply

Hi Debbie, this is actually a great idea! I think you could probably cook them
right from frozen, just cook them longer to make sure the chicken is cooked.
Thanks for stopping by.

  5. **Tamara** -- @  Reply

You said to boil the Bok Choy in water for 2 minutes & then drain. But nothing
is ever said about what to do with the Bok Choy afterwards? Please clarify.
Thanks.

    * **Janette** -- @  Reply

Hi Tamara, the bok choy is added to the soup after cooking the wontons. Thank
you for stopping by.

  6. Pingback: DIY Cures for Colds and Flu - DIYs.com

  7. **Ang** -- @  Reply

You cook the chicken before the food processor, correct?

    * **Janette** -- @  Reply

Hello Ang, no the chicken goes in the food processor uncooked, mixed with the
other ingredients then gets wrapped in the wonton and they get cooked in the
soup. I hope this helps.

      * **Janette** -- @ 

Hello Nancy. Many grocery stores carry ground chicken now so you don't need a
food processor, just chop the green onions finely and mix well with the ground
meat and other ingredients. Please come back and let me know who you like it
if you make the recipe.

  8. **Jill** -- @  Reply

I almost empty My veg. Bin when I make my wongton soup. Just make sure your
Veg's are cut small. The filling will freeze well. I usually make the left
overs into egg rolls love it all. Yum so good.

    * **Janette** -- @  Reply

Thank you so much for the feedback Jill

  9. **Del's cooking twist** -- @  Reply

Wow, your soup looks fantastic. Very exotic!

  10. **Abigail** -- @  Reply

Comfort food in a bowl! Love it! Pinned.

  11. **Katerina** -- @  Reply

This is the soup I order when i go to a Chinese restaurant! Your pics look so
beautiful!

  12. **Nettie** -- @  Reply

Perfect description swallowing a cloud! Looks Scrumptious! Nettie

    * **Janette** -- @  Reply

Thank you Nettie ðŸ™‚

  13. **Heidy McCallum** -- @  Reply

I think I had hit the mother load of recipes, I simply adore wonton soup and
would devour this entire recipe in no time flat.

Thanks for sharing a great idea/recipe  
Heidy

  14. **Debi Wayland** -- @  Reply

This looks delicious! Thanks for the tutorial on them as well. I love wonton
soup, and need to try making it at home. Thanks for the recipe! Yum!

  15. **Cindy** -- @  Reply

Mmmm, those wontons look so good. Great soup!

  16. **Elena** -- @  Reply

This looks like a wonderful, easy recipe. Thank you for sharing! ðŸ™‚

  17. **Diane** -- @  Reply

This recipe is a keeper! Nice tutorial and such great photos. I want to make
this today. Won Ton soup has been on my bucket list a while now!

  18. **KC the Kitchen Chopper** -- @  Reply

I have some wonton skins in my fridge just begging for this soup. YUM!

  19. **Dannii** -- @  Reply

This looks like the perfect soup to eat if you were feeling unwell.

  20. **peter** -- @  Reply

Janette, I love this simple soup and the won tons are perfectly done.

    * **Janette** -- @  Reply

Thank you Peter, I was very pleased at how light and fluffy they turned out

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Î”

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

### Never Miss a Recipe!

Subscribe to receive new posts via email:

Email

Please wait...

####

Thank you for signing up!

### Welcome!

I'm Janette and I am the author, recipe developer, photographer, videographer
and resident redhead behind Culinary Ginger.

More about me Â»

__ __ __ __ __ __

### Search Recipes:

__

  * ^ Back to Top
  * Home
  * About
  * Contact
  * Recipes
  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms of Use
  * Accessibility Statement

(C)2022 Culinary Ginger _Design byPurr._

Skip to Recipe

1.6K shares

  *   *   * 1.6K

