https://theflavoursofkitchen.com/crispy-tofu-in-chinese-garlic-sauce-recipe/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * All Recipes
  * Chicken Recipes
  * Soups and Stews
  * Instant Pot Recipes
  * Pasta and Noodles
  * About
  * Search

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * All Recipes
  * Chicken Recipes
  * Soups and Stews
  * Instant Pot Recipes
  * Pasta and Noodles
  * About

* ×

Home » Recipes » 30 Minutes Recipe

Last Updated: Jul 18, 2022 by Subhasmita

# Crispy Tofu in Chinese Garlic Sauce

Recipe

##### This Crispy Tofu In Chinese Garlic Sauce is delicious with tons of
flavor. Make this stir fry in just 20 minutes.

Pin

Prepared Crispy Tofu in Chinese Garlic Sauce Sunday evening to snack on.
Sunday is always a day of indulgence and we have our lunch late afternoon. So
it is obvious that we skip dinner, Instead, I make something quickly like an
appetizer for the dinner.

Most of my weekends are also lined up with lots of work. Shooting for the
blog, working on the photography assignment, cleaning, dusting, and the day
ends with spending time with the little one. Among all these things a quick
dinner comes to the rescue.

Pin

We love this Crispy Tofu in Chinese garlic Sauce because of the flavorful
sauce. The sauce is a bomb, loaded with lots of garlic and chili. The
sweetness of the caramelized onion balances the spicy sauce.

Do you love Crispy tofu? Whenever I make this or any other recipe that calls
for crispy tofu, I pop a few of them before making it to the final dish. Let
me tell you a few tips for super crispy tofu with a soft center.

## Ingredients

  * **Tofu** \- Refer to the next section on how to select the right tofu.
  * **Onions, garlic & ginger** \- Flavor agents used in all asian recipes.
  * **Cornstarch** \- To thicken the garlic sauce
  * **Sauces** \- Soya sauce, rice vinegar and tomato ketchup - These sauces give the chinese garlic sauce its distinct flavor.
  * **Red & Green chili** \- Red chilies are for the heat and green chilies are chopped for garnish.
  * **Green onions** \- Adds flavor and used as garnish.
  * **Red bell pepper** \- Gives heat, flavor and color to the dish.

## Tips To Make Tofu Crispy?

Making Crispy Tofu is very easy. Few basic steps to prep the Tofu and you will
be surprised with the outcome.

  1. Always choose extra firm Tofu among other varieties. As the name says it is firm and easy to work with.
  2. I always soak tofu in lightly salted warm water for 15 minutes. This helps in to soften and season the tofu. (I do this even with Paneer- Indian Cottage cheese).
  3. Last but most importantly drain extra moister. Keep Tofu on a clean kitchen towel/ tissue. Cover it with another layer of tissue. Place some heavy weight on it, heavy enough to put little pressure and squeeze out extra water.

## How to make

Marination of tofu pieces is quite easy and needs tossing of tofu with salt,
oil, and pepper.

The next step is to prepare the base for the sauce. Needs stirring of all the
sauces and cornstarch in a bowl.

Cook the tofu over high heat and flip until all sides are browned. Do not
crowd the tofu and keep them on a single layer. Once it is browned, remove and
cover them with a paper towel to soak up all the excess oil.

Now cook the rest of the ingredients (onions, garlic, ginger, etc) on the
pan/skillet. Toss in the tofu and the sauce base. Toss everything well and
wait for the sauce to thicken.

Pin

## Serve With

You can serve this crispy tofu with any kind of rice - plain rice, brown rice,
jasmine rice, or even fried rice like Jeera rice recipe, or Kimchi Fried Rice.

It can also be served with noodles. This can also be had as an appetizer.

## Store

Crispy tofu will not stay crispy in the refrigerator. It will become soft but
the overall dish will taste good.

I would not recommend storing it and it is better to prepare when needed as it
is so quick to make.

## Other chinese recipes

**Chinese Chicken Salad With Sesame Dressing**

**Chili Chicken Dry**

**Chinese Five Spice Ginger Chicken**

**Chinese Noodle Soup with Chicken**

**Chinese Chicken Salad With Sesame Dressing**

**Crispy Spring Rolls**

Pin

## Crispy Tofu In Chinese Garlic Sauce

Crispy Tofu In Chinese Garlic Sauce: Take less than 20 minutes to prepare this
stir fry. I have used Tofu here but you can just replace it with Chicken,
Prawns, Mushrooms, even Paneer (Indian Cottage Cheese).

No ratings yet

Print Pin Rate

Course: Side Dish

Cuisine: Chinese

Keyword: Asian recipe, Asian sauce, Easy 30 minute asian recipe, pair with
main dishes, pan fried

Prep Time: 10 minutes

Cook Time: 10 minutes

Total Time: 20 minutes

Servings: 4 Servings

Author: Subhasmita

### Ingredients

  * 250 gm tofu Fresh,cut into strips
  * 2 tbsps vegetable oil or Peanut oil
  * 2 onions large , thinely sliced
  * 1 Medium  red bell pepper
  * 8 - 10 pods garlic minced
  * ½ tablespoon ginger grated
  * 1 teaspoon red chilli flakes
  * ½ tablespoon rice vinegar
  * 1 tablespoon soy sauce light
  * 1 teaspoon soy sauce dark
  * 1 teaspoon Tomato Ketchup
  * 2 tsps cornstarch
  * salt pepper and as per taste
  * green onions green chillies Chopped and sliced to garnish

### Instructions

  * In a large bowl, toss tofu strips with some oil,salt and pepper. Marinate for 10-15 minutes.

  * In a small bowl, stir together rice vinegar, soy sauce, dark soy sauce, Ketchup and cornstarch. Set aside.

  * Heat a large frying pan over high heat. Add 1 tablespoon oil. Arrange the tofu strips in a single layer. Let it cook undisturbed on medium-high heat for 1-2 minutes. Flips the strips and let it crisp on the other side. The tofu strips should look brown and crisp on both sides.

  * Remove and place on a kitchen towel/tissue paper to absorb extra oil.

  * In the same pan add remaining oil. Once it is hot add in garlic, ginger, and red chili flakes. Fry over low heat for about 10-15 seconds, or until aromatic, taking care not to burn the garlic.

  * Increase the flame and add Sliced onion. Saute over high heat for a minute. Add red bell pepper and toss in high flame for about 1 minute. Make sure to stir and toss the vegetables well.

  * Add the crisp tofu strips followed by the prepared sauce. Toss everything well. Season with salt or pepper if required.

  * The sauce will start to thicken. If it is very thick add 1-2 tablespoons of water. Cook further for a minute or so.

  * Garnish with chopped green onions and green chilies.

  * Serve hot as an appetizer or along with rice or noodles.

Tried this recipe?Mention @theflavoursofkitchen or tag #theflavoursofkitchen

Yummly10.9kPinterestFacebookTwitterTelegramWhatsAppCopy

10.9k

SHARES

## More 30 Minutes Recipe

  * Roasted Harissa Chicken

  * Ginger Chicken with Oyster Mushroom and Snow Peas

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Joanne says

February 16, 2022 at 7:22 pm

I am making this recipe now but it doesn’t say if I should chop the garlic

Reply

    * Subhasmita says

February 17, 2022 at 5:15 am

Please use minced garlic.

Reply

  2. RandyHoD says

May 09, 2018 at 11:38 pm

This looks amazing! One question, I see sliced red pepper in the pictures and
cooking instructions, but not the ingredient list. Did you use an entire
medium red bell pepper or is it really just to preference?

Reply

    * subhasmita says

May 10, 2018 at 7:17 am

Thank you for pointing. I have added red bell pepper to the ingredients list.
I would recommend adding Red bell peppers for that extra crunch.I would love
to know your feedback if you are making it.

Reply

      * Adam Gash says

April 08, 2020 at 1:38 am

I loved it! I dont really eat noodles or rice so I had it as the entree and a
side salad!  
I added sliced almonds in the last minute for an extra crunch, and I used
flour as I didnt have any cornstarch on hand. (1 tablespoon)

Reply

  3. Subhasmita says

June 05, 2016 at 4:45 pm

@the take it easy chef Thank you very much

Reply

  4. Subhasmita says

June 05, 2016 at 4:44 pm

@Sandhya Thanks dear.. That would be the best combo.

Reply

  5. Subhasmita says

June 05, 2016 at 4:42 pm

@Shibani Thank you very much. Glad to see you here.

Reply

  6. Sandhya Hariharan says

June 02, 2016 at 10:52 pm

Love Love !!! All that I need is a bowl of fried rice with it.

Reply

  7. The take it easy chef says

June 02, 2016 at 4:35 pm

Looks really appetizing!

Reply

  8. Shibani Mishra says

June 01, 2016 at 1:15 am

Hi. I stumbled upon your lovely blog from Cumcumber town. Nice to see your
lovely recipes and photographs. I am also from Odisha.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Don't subscribe All Replies to my comments Notify me of followup comments via
e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting.

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

###  **Hi, I'm Subha** !

I love cooking and trying new recipes. Here you will find recipes of food that
we love and which my family devours happily. More about me →

### Popular

  * Instant Pot Garlic Herb Chicken and Rice

  * Slow Cooker Mexican Chicken Soup

  * Italian Sausage & Orzo Soup

  * Sweet Chili Pineapple Sauce (Video Recipe)

### Latest

  * Pasta Alla Norma (Eggplant pasta)

  * Air Fryer Salmon

  * One-Pot Lemon Pasta

  * Roasted Lemon Pepper Zucchini

##

###  **Hi, I'm Subha** !

I love cooking and trying new recipes. Here you will find recipes of food that
we love and which my family devours happily. More about me →

### Popular

  * Coconut Ice Cream (No Ice Cream Maker)

  * Sweet and Spicy Boneless Chicken Thighs

  * Oven Baked Creamy Chicken Thighs

  * Instant Pot Chicken In Creamy Tomato Sauce

### Latest

  * Salmon Pasta in Creamy Lemon Sauce

  * Creamy Ranch Chicken

  * Cucumber Strawberry Salad

  * Pan-Seared Mediterranean Lamb Chop

##

Copyright© 2022 · The Flavours of Kitchen · Privacy Policy · Managed By Host
My Blog

10.9k

10.9k

SHARES

Share to...

BufferCopyEmailFacebookFlipboardHacker
NewsLineLinkedInMessengerMixPinterestPocketPrintRedditSMSTelegramTumblrTwitterVKWhatsAppXingYummly

