https://www.whiskaffair.com/vegetables-chinese-chilli-garlic-sauce/


﻿

  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * Indian Recipes
  * Meal Type
    * Salads
    * Soups
    * Appetizers
    * Main Course
    * Desserts
  * My Cookbook
  * Subscribe
  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * Indian Recipes
  * My Cookbook

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

×

Whisk Affair » Recipes » International » Chinese » Vegetables in Hot Garlic
Sauce

Published: Jun 16, 2021 | Last Updated On: Jun 24, 2021 by Neha Mathur

# Vegetables in Hot Garlic Sauce

5663 shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe

A medley of vegetables in a ** _spicy and flavorsome garlic sauce_** , this
Chinese-style vegetables in hot garlic sauce is a sure shot hit for quick and
easy meals. Serve it with fried rice or noodles for a hearty meal (vegan,
gluten-free).

Love Asian cuisine? Then here are a few more easy recipes that can be tried
for your everyday meals – Sweet and Sour Vegetables, Best Chicken Panang
Curry, Asian Chicken Meatballs, Asian Garlic Tofu, and Asian Mango Chicken.

Jump to:

  * About This Recipe
  * Ingredients 
  * How to make Vegetables in Hot Garlic Sauce?
  * Serving Suggestions
  * Storage Suggestions
  * You might also like
  * Recipe Card

## About This Recipe

This one-pot vegetables in hot garlic sauce is something you can try for a
**_quick and easy meal_**! This Indo-Chinese curry is super easy to make, gets
ready in a few minutes and is absolutely delicious. It is vegan and can be
easily made gluten-free too.

This dish has an array of vegetables that are cooked in a **_sweet and spicy
sauce_** that has a beautiful tone and flavors of perfect oriental bliss. This
curry gets its heat from garlic, red chili sauce, and red pepper flakes, and a
little hint of sweetness from tomato ketchup and brown sugar.

## Ingredients

**_Vegetables_** – This one-pot meal is loaded with a lot of vegetables such
as bell pepper, broccoli, cauliflower, mushrooms, and carrots. You can add
other veggies of your choice too.

Make sure you cook the vegetables on high heat and don’t overcook them, as we
want that slight crunch.

**Which vegetables can be used in this recipe?**

You can add any vegetables of your choice to this curry, just make sure it
goes well with the Chinese flavors.  
  
I have added red bell pepper, green bell pepper, broccoli, cauliflower,
mushroom, carrot, and green onions, but you can choose from a variety of
vegetables such as zucchini, yellow bell pepper, bokchoy, green beans,
spinach, kale, snow peas, bean sprouts, baby corn, corn kernels, sweet
potatoes, etc.  
You can also add tofu or paneer to the curry, for added protein.

**Can I add non veg to this dish?**

Add eggs, chicken, pork, shrimp, fish, or beef to the same sauce for a non-
vegetarian version. The cook time will differ for each of these though. It’s
best to cook the meat beforehand and then add it to the gravy.

**_Sesame Oil_** – Sesame oil gives a very Asian taste to this dish. You can
choose to use any vegetable oil in its place if you are not a big fan.

**_Sauce_** – The sweet and spicy sauce is a combination of soy sauce, red
chili sauce, red chili paste, white vinegar, brown sugar, tomato ketchup, red
pepper flakes, and salt. You can replace red chili sauce with Sriracha.

Make red chili paste at home using my simple recipe.

_**Cornstarch**_ – Cornstarch is used to thicken the curry. Stir it in water
to make a slurry to avoid the formation of lumps.

**_Others_** – You will also need onion, ginger, and garlic.

## How to make Vegetables in Hot Garlic Sauce?

Prepare the vegetables and gather the ingredients.

  1. Peel and chop the garlic
  2. Cut onion(½ large) into ½ inch cubes
  3. Chop fresh ginger (1-inch piece) finely.
  4. Dice mixed bell peppers (¼ of each color) into 1-inch dices.
  5. Cut broccoli and cauliflower into small bite-sized florets
  6. Cut the button mushrooms into half
  7. Slice the carrot (1 medium).
  8. Chop the green onions (2 stalks).

Heat 2 tablespoon sesame oil in a wok over high heat.

When the oil is hot and shimmery, add 2 tablespoon chopped garlic and fry till
lightly browned (8-10 seconds).

Add 1 cup cubed onions and 2 teaspoon finely chopped ginger and saute for
30-40 seconds.

Now add all the vegetables to the wok and saute for a minute.

Add water to the wok till it cover the vegetables (4-5 cups) and bring it to a
boil.

Add 2 tablespoon soy sauce, 2 tablespoon red chili sauce, 1 tablespoon red
chili paste, 1 tablespoon white vinegar, 1 teaspoon brown sugar, 2 tablespoon
tomato ketchup, 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes, and salt to taste and mix well.

Stir together 3 tablespoon cornstarch in ¼ cup water and add the slurry to the
wok. Cook for 3-4 minutes until the gravy thickens.

Garnish with ½ cup chopped green onions. Serve hot with fried rice or noodles.

## Serving Suggestions

This curry tastes great with noodles or stir fried rice dishes.

You can serve it as a main course with Szechuan fried rice, Thai pineapple
fried rice, Chinese egg fried rice, mushroom fried rice, or vegetable fried
rice.

When it comes to noodles, you can serve it with Asian pad Thai noodles, veg
Hakka noodles, chili garlic noodles, Szechuan noodles, or peanut sesame
noodles.

My instant pot white rice, instant pot brown rice, or instant pot quinoa are
great to serve as a side with this curry too.

For a healthier version, pair it with Asian cauliflower rice.

## Storage Suggestions

Chinese-style curries that are thickened using cornstarch taste best when they
are made fresh. If you refrigerate them, the curry tends to get lumpy, and
then it doesn’t taste good even after reheating.

If you have to still make this dish in advance, make it without adding the
cornstarch and refrigerate for up to 2 days. Once you are ready to serve, heat
it well. Add cornstarch slurry and cook until the gravy thickens.

## You might also like

  * Egg Foo Young

  * Easy Chinese Hunan Chicken (Takeout Copycat)

  * Zucchini Stir Fry

  * General Tso’s Tofu

## Recipe Card

Loved this recipe?Click here to leave a review and give us a five star rating
★★★★★

## Vegetables in Hot Garlic Sauce Recipe

A medley of vegetables in a spicy and flavorsome garlic sauce, this Chinese-
style vegetables in hot garlic sauce is a sure shot hit for quick and easy
meals. Serve it with fried rice or noodles for a hearty meal (vegan, gluten-
free).

4 from 6 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Indo Chinese

Prep Time: 10 minutes

Cook Time: 20 minutes

Total Time: 30 minutes

Servings: 8 people

Calories: 96kcal

Author: Neha Mathur

### Ingredients

1x2x3x

  * ▢ 2 tablespoons sesame oil  (or any other that you prefer)
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons chopped garlic
  * ▢ 1 cup onion  (cut into i inch cubes)
  * ▢ 2 teaspoons finely chopped ginger
  * ▢ 1 cup diced mixd bell peppers
  * ▢ 1 cup broccoli  (cut into small florets)
  * ▢ 1 cup cauliflower (cut into small florets)
  * ▢ 7 ounces button mushroom (200 g, cut into half)
  * ▢ ½ cup sliced carrots
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons soy sauce
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons red chili sauce
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon red chili paste
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon white vinegar
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon brown sugar
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons tomato ketchup
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon red pepper flakes
  * ▢ salt to taste
  * ▢ 3 tablespoons cornstarch
  * ▢ ½ cup chopped green onions

US Customary or Metric

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Instructions

  * Prepare the vegetables and gather the ingredients.

  * Heat sesame oil in a wok over high heat.

  * When the oil is hot and shimmery, add chopped garlic and fry till lightly browned (8-10 seconds).

  * Add cubed onions and finely chopped ginger and saute for 30-40 seconds.

  * Now add all the vegetables to the wok and saute for a minute.

  * Add water to the wok till it cover the vegetables (4-5 cups) and bring it to a boil.

  * Add soy sauce, red chili sauce, red chili paste, white vinegar, brown sugar, tomato ketchup, red pepper flakes, and salt to taste and mix well.

  * Stir together cornstarch in ¼ cup water and add the slurry to the wok. Cook for 3-4 minutes until the gravy thickens.

  * Garnish with chopped green onions. Serve hot with fried rice or noodles.

### Notes

Add eggs, chicken, pork, shrimp, fish, or beef to the same sauce for a non-
vegetarian version. The cook time will differ for each of these though. It’s
best to cook the meat beforehand and then add it to the gravy.

### Nutrition

Calories: 96kcal | Carbohydrates: 14g | Protein: 3g | Fat: 4g | Saturated Fat:
1g | Sodium: 354mg | Potassium: 300mg | Fiber: 2g | Sugar: 7g | Vitamin A:
2149IU | Vitamin C: 44mg | Calcium: 25mg | Iron: 1mg

Pin this recipe for later use!I LOVE to see your creations so pin and mention
@WhiskAffair!

Sign up for regular updates?I would love to have you as part of my journey.
Click to sign up!

« Custard Milkshake

Mango Iced Tea »

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Poornima Porchelvan

January 21, 2014 at 5:39 am

Looks very delicious; and i am great pan for your photos. Great job.

Reply

  2. Harini M

January 21, 2014 at 9:09 am

such a yummy dish and beautifully captured,happy to find you,visit me too

Reply

  3. alpa

February 28, 2015 at 10:32 am

Prepared this along with burnt garlic rice…n it was yummmm……turned out very
nice….

Reply

    * msnehamathur

February 28, 2015 at 2:06 pm

Thnx for trying and coming back and leaving a comment Alpa.

Reply

  4. Saket Bajaj

January 13, 2019 at 3:22 pm

  
Just Awesome!! Me and my wife prepared this recipe today and really enjoyed
this Sunday cooking. The best part of this recipe is that its simple to cook
in all respects but great to taste just like restaurants.  
Thanks for sharing this.

Reply

    * Neha Mathur

January 14, 2019 at 4:07 am

Thnx a lot for trying and leaving your feedback 🙂

Reply

### Did you make this recipe? Let me know! Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Sign me up for the newsletter!

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

### Hey! Nice to meet you

Hi! I'm Neha, Blogger & Recipe Expert behind Whisk Affair. I've nurtured Whisk
Affair since 2012 by trying & testing every recipe published. Be sure that it
will turn out good each time! Read More about me…

### Stay Connected

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

### My Cookbook

**Buy Now on Amazon**

### Most Popular Recipes

  * Hibachi Fried Rice

  * Lemon Garlic Baked Tilapia

  * Creamy Garlic Parmesan Sauce

  * Lemon Tea

  * Chicken Clear Soup

  * Scrambled Egg Whites

## Footer

* * *

^ back to top

**About**

About Neha

My Cookbook

**Stay Connected**

Sign up! for emails and updates

Contact Me

**Policies**

Privacy Policy

Terms & Conditions

Accessibility Policy

Copyright © 2022 **WhiskAffair Food LLP**

