https://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/warm-tofu-with-spicy-garlic-sauce-351871


Skip to main content

Open Navigation Menu

Menu

Story Saved

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Close Alert

Close

Warm Tofu with Spicy Garlic Sauce

  * Recipes & Menus
  * Expert Advice
  * Ingredients
  * Holidays & Events
  * My Saved Recipes

More _Chevron_

Story Saved

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Close Alert

Close

Sign In

Search

Search

  * Recipes & Menus
  * Expert Advice
  * Ingredients
  * Holidays & Events
  * Video
  * My Saved Recipes

Gourmet

March 2009 Issue

# Warm Tofu with Spicy Garlic Sauce

By  Lillian Chou

February 18, 2009

Save Story

save recipe

4.5

(62)

Read ReviewsTriangle

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

photo by Roland Bello

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

  * Active Time

10 min

  * Total Time

20 min

This gently simmered tofu topped with a stir-together sauce is a common
_banchan_. It would also make a great vegetarian main course served with rice.
The sauce—speckled with chopped garlic, scallion, sesame seeds, and Korean hot
red-pepper flakes—couldn't be simpler or more satisfying. You will want to eat
it on everything.

## Ingredients

Makes 8 (as part of a Korean meal) servings

1 (14-to 18-ounces) package soft tofu (not silken)

1 teaspoon chopped garlic

1/4 cup chopped scallion

2 teaspoons sesame seeds, toasted and crushed with side of a heavy knife

3 tablespoons soy sauce

1 tablespoon Asian sesame oil

1 teaspoon coarse Korean hot red-pepper flakes

1/2 teaspoon sugar

### Step 1

Carefully rinse tofu, then cover with cold water in a medium saucepan. Bring
to a simmer over medium-high heat, then keep warm, covered, over very low
heat.

### Step 2

Meanwhile, mince and mash garlic to a paste with a pinch of salt. Stir
together with remaining ingredients (except tofu).

### Step 3

Just before serving, carefully lift tofu from saucepan with a large spatula
and drain on paper towels. Gently pat dry, then transfer to a small plate.
Spoon some sauce over tofu and serve warm. Serve remaining sauce on the side.

Cooks' notes:

•Sauce can be made 1 day ahead and chilled. Bring to room temperature before
using.  
•Tofu can be kept warm up to 4 hours.

How would you rate Warm Tofu with Spicy Garlic Sauce?

Leave a Review

Tell us what you think

Reviews (62)

Back to TopTriangle

  * After reading how salty this dish turned out for some, I halved the soy sauce and doubled the sesame oil. Good move. I also used firm tofu, because it's all I could find. This dish is very easy and turned out really spectacular; garlic-y with a little kick.

    * aapfelzweig9407

    * 8/23/2018

  * The first time I made it his, I esed regular soy sauce. It was very salty. The second time, I used tamari which was all I had, omitted the sugar, and it was delicious. This was easy to make, fast, and will make this again next time I don't feel like cooking .

    * pcclaudia

    * Laval, QC

    * 11/18/2017

  * This was excellent! I made a little extra sauce and served it all over brown rice so any saltiness was balanced by the rice. I upped the scallions a bit and used regular crushed red pepper since I didn't have access to Korean. I did a rough crush of the sesame seeds in a mortar and pestle (rather than my knife) and it gave a nice depth to the flavors. Sugar was omitted. The texture of the tofu after poaching was wonderful. This is definitely being added to the rotation! 

    * drk77

    * Sacramento, California 

    * 3/14/2017

  * We love this recipe and make it probably two to three times a month. To keep it simpler (it's already pretty simple), I just use garlic paste that I get in the Indian section of our grocery store instead of mashing the garlic myself. I also don't toast and mash the sesame seeds. I leave them whole and add them to the sauce that way. I have increased the scallions, and we prefer it that way, too. 

    * madremia

    * SaSaint Paul, MN

    * 8/11/2016

  * I loved eating this dish. My friend was sitting at the table talking to me, so I thought I was going to make it wrong, but it turned out great! Very Asian. I'd never simmered tofu before, but it sure gives the tofu a nice texture. 

    * ben_wy

    * 11/10/2015

  * Okay, I cheated - I was looking for a sauce recipe for tofu and this one fit the bill. As it turned out, this sauce was wonderful! As others suggested, less soy sauce was used - 1 tablespoon of tamari was enough - and I prepared it well in advance so the flavors could develop. What I did with the tofu, however, was quite different. I sliced it into 1/4 " slabs, dredged them in cornstarch, then pan fried them. At the end I poured the sauce over the tofu, flipped the slabs, and then immediately removed the pan from the heat and plated, since garlic burns easily. It was quick and it was quite delicious. Yum from my dinner guest, yum from me.

    * Anonymous

    * Petaluma, CA

    * 11/28/2014

  * Ok,I'm coming out here...I am not a fan of salty dishes and this one is OVERWHELMING in the salt factor. I had high hopes for this meal and spent an afternoon puttering around it. I used sodium reduced soy and then followed exactly...I really cannot imagine how anyone considers this good....tastebuds are definitely out of whack...all you can taste is SALT....oh WOW way too much salt. I guess I will try it again but the soy has to be replaced with something else or just reduced to something like a teaspoon and maybe a broth substituted to give the sauce a bit of what? "sauce" like consistency :)

    * stephmartin

    * beautiful Nova Scotia

    * 8/28/2014

  * I'm not a huge fan of tofu at all, but I decided to try it since I love soy & sesame. I used light firm tofu and steamed it whole, then cut the block into 12 slices and spooned some of the sauce over. It was really good and absorbed the sauce well. My only complaint is that the sauce was salty-perhaps I should have used reduced sodium soy sauce. I added some water and some rice wine vinegar, and it was perfect. This is a great light dinner or accompaniment to a meal.

    * Cookingcutie11

    * 1/29/2013

  * Great taste, fast and easy to assemble, needs no cooking.

    * GeraldineKalman

    * Zamboguanita

    * 12/17/2012

  * I made this with firm tofu. I was happy that the recipe didn't call for frying (no need for extra oil). I cut the tofu in big chunks and although I loved the sauce, I wish it would be all over the tofu. I actually used 1.5 packages which is more than what the recipe calls for, so I have lots left over. Also, I used leftover sesame salt from a quail egg recipe on this site (finally, it's almost finished...) which basically consists of ground toasted sesame seeds with a very small amount of salt. I don't know what korean hot red-pepper flakes are; I just used some dried chilli peppers and cut them up. Leaving it in the fridge for tomorrow and hoping that marinating in the sauce will help. Dunno what my family thought of this as they were much more interested in the bean salad I had also made. Also, I've recently started buying local organic garlic, and found it is amazingly fresh compared to the regular ones from the store (I found out that at least some of them are shipped from China). The first time I saw a fresh head of garlic was when I was in Iran a year ago, and I was amazed. In my experience you can never crush those "conventional" garlics to a paste, they will sort-of squish apart into long fibrous pieces (of course if they've been hanging around your kitchen a while it will be worse, but it turns out they are old to start with!). If you really want to be able to make your garlic into a paste, and if you want fresh taste, go for local. It seems to be several times the cost around here though...

    * BlueMona

    * Montreal

    * 10/5/2012

  * I wasn't sure if my family would go for steamed tofu, so I stir fried it with a touch of sesame oil in the oil. After that, I used to hot pan to mash and roast the garlic since raw garlic doesn't agree with me. I also doubled the sauce with a low sodium soy sauce. I served it with sauted snow peas and mushrooms and brown rice. A definite keeper, but I will have to try the steamed tofu next time.

    * katvalente

    * 7/8/2012

  * I was surprised at how good this was! The sauce was delicious and garlicky, and the poached tofu had a nice texture. I went with the suggestion offered by other reviewers and doubled the scallions. Although I can see how it might be too salty as a standalone dish, it worked well over soba dressed with a little sesame oil and with a side of napa cabbage slaw dressed with sesame oil and rice vinegar. I think the noodles diluted the salt and the vinegar in the slaw was a nice foil for the very garlicky tofu. Nice easy healthy weeknight meal.

    * jeccat

    * San Francisco, CA

    * 6/17/2012

  * Pretty good. Used extra firm tofu and doubled the scallion. I agree with some other reviews that it was a bit too salty, but I think that can be easily remedied by using low sodium soy sauce next time. Served with quinoa and sautéed bell peppers.

    * jaycee773

    * 1/30/2012

  * delightful recipe..i added some freshly grated ginger, additional garlic and a bit of chopped cilantro...i also found the sauce a tad too salty, so i thinned it out with some sake. i think the key to getting the sauce to infuse is to get as MUCH water out of the poached tofu as possible. i used many paper towels to do so. i love the soft, creamy texture of the poaching. I served it with brown rice and braised baby bok choy (from this site), adapted just a bit, as always. really fast, easy meal. the brown rice took longer than anything to cook, but the rice cooker made that a snap too.

    * mind_mech

    * Los Angeles, CA

    * 1/24/2012

  * Very flavourful! This tofu is also great marinated overnight in the fridge and can be eaten warm or cold. I've made it with both extra firm and medium firm tofu, and both are good.

    * lilj424

    * Toronto, ON

    * 9/4/2011

TagsGarlicSideVegetarianQuick & EasyDinnerKoreanTofuHealthyVeganGourmetSugar
ConsciousKidney FriendlyPescatarianDairy FreePeanut FreeTree Nut FreeKosher

## See Related Recipes and Cooking Tips

  * icon

Gallery

### 47 Best Quick Vegetarian Dinner Recipes

47 meatless meals, on the table in 30 minutes or less.

  * icon

Gallery

### 12 Easy, Cozy Recipes for the Weekend

Including slow-cooked chickens, hands-off pork, and one-bowl cakes you can cut
into all weekend long.

  * icon

Gallery

### 43 Tasty Tofu Recipes for Soups, Dips, Salads, Desserts, and More

Our favorite recipes starring tofu.

  * icon

Gallery

### Super Spicy, Tongue-Tingling, Face-Numbing Favorites

From Nashville-style hot chicken to spicy Korean pork chops, these dishes are
so mouth tingling they'll make you cry (in the best way).

Chevron

Chevron

Read More

Instant Pot Chogae Guksu (Cold Chicken Noodles)

Chogae guksu has a refreshing, cold broth, with chicken, veggies, and egg to
make it a balanced meal.

By Nancy Cho

Easy Pasta Salad

This easy pasta salad recipe will be the hit of your next potluck.

By Kelly Janke

Kung Pao Chicken

Kung pao chicken is a beloved Chinese take-out staple, but its balance of
salt, sweet, tang, and heat is easy to re-create at home.

By Diana Kuan

Zucchini and White Bean Caesar

Ribbons of raw zucchini take well to the Caesar treatment in this mostly no-
cook summer dinner.

By Rebecca Firkser

Mango Sticky Rice

By The Gourmet Test Kitchen

Maple Whiskey Chicken Lollipops

Seasoned, smoked, and slicked with a simple maple whiskey glaze, these chicken
lollipops are epic for any summer celebration.

By Derek Wolf

Carrot-Ginger Shrub

Pair this sweet, slightly spicy carrot-ginger shrub with vodka or gin, or use
it in salad dressing with olive oil, salt, and pepper.

By Michael Dietsch

15-Minute Burst Cherry Tomato Pasta

Juicy and sweet cherry tomatoes burst open in warm olive oil, creating a
luxuriously silky sauce that comes together in minutes.

By Anna Stockwell

Since 1995, Epicurious has been the ultimate food resource for the home cook,
with daily kitchen tips, fun cooking videos, and, oh yeah, over 33,000
recipes.

  * Facebook

  * Twitter

  * Pinterest

  * YouTube

  * Instagram

More from Epicurious

  * Newsletters
  * Epicurious Cookware
  * Subscription FAQs

Connect

  * Careers
  * Press Center
  * Advertising
  * Masthead
  * Contact Us

  * Site Map
  * Accessibility Help
  * Condé Nast Store
  * Condé Nast Spotlight
  * Do Not Sell My Personal Info

© 2022 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes
acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement and
Your California Privacy Rights. _Epicurious_ may earn a portion of sales from
products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate
Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced,
distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior
written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

Food Innovation Group

