https://www.connoisseurusveg.com/chinese-garlic-tofu-stir-fry/#frequently-asked-questions


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
    * Contact
    * Photo Use Policy
  * Search

### SUBSCRIBE

Sign up for email updates and receive a free copy of my veggie burger e-book!

  * Email
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * Free Veggie Burger Book
  * About

*   * Email
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

×

You are here: Home / Entrees / Tofu Stir-Fry with Garlic Sauce

LAST UPDATED: March 7, 2022 • FIRST PUBLISHED: March 7, 2022

# Tofu Stir-Fry with Garlic Sauce

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

_This quick and easy tofu stir-fry is the weeknight dinner you've been looking
for! Packed with flavor, crispy tofu, and tender-crisp veggies, this dish
tastes better than takeout and can be on the table in 30 minutes._

**_Tofu stir-fry is, in my opinion, one of those absolutely essential vegan
dinner recipes that everyone should have on their back pocket._** Stir-fries
in general make great weeknight meals (I even have a list of my favorite vegan
stir-fries that I keep on hand for busy nights!).

And even though I've never met a vegan stir-fry I didn't like, this garlicky
tofu stir-fry is my favorite. I've been making it for years. I love that it
packs a healthy dose of plant protein and a nice variety of delicious veggies.

I tend to have the tofu and most of the sauce ingredients on hand, and the
veggies can always be switched out with whatever you have in the fridge, which
means this stir-fry is pretty accessible any time you get a craving for it
(which is pretty often for me!).

When I serve it alongside some sticky rice I feel like I'm sitting down to a
restaurant meal, but it all comes together in my own kitchen, in just about 30
minutes!

Jump to:

  * Ingredients You'll Need
  * How It's Made
  * Leftovers & Storage
  * Frequently Asked Questions
  * More Vegan Stir-Fry Recipes
  * Tofu Stir-Fry with Garlic Sauce

## Ingredients You'll Need

  * **_Soy sauce._** You could also use tamari or liquid aminos if you prefer.
  *  ** _Rice vinegar._** Look for this in the international foods section of your supermarket. Apple cider vinegar or white vinegar can be substituted if needed.
  *  ** _Maple syrup._** You can substitute another liquid sweetener if needed, such as agave.
  *  ** _Water._**
  *  ** _Garlic._**
  *  ** _Ginger._**
  *  ** _Sriracha sauce._** Feel free to switch this out with another type of hot sauce, such as sambal oelek, or just leave it out for a milder stir-fry.
  *  ** _Toasted sesame oil._** Look for this in the international foods section of your supermarket.
  *  ** _Cornstarch._**
  *  _ **Canola oil.**_ Any type of high-heat oil could be substituted — peanut oil, vegetable oil, or corn oil would all work!
  *  ** _Tofu._** Stick with extra firm or super firm tofu when stir-frying. Learn more about my tofu recommendations in this guide to tofu.
  *  ** _Scallions._** Also known as green onions!
  *  ** _Vegetables._** The recipe calls for carrots, broccoli, and shiitake mushrooms, but you could substitute your favorite stir-fry veggies if you'd like. 
  * **_Rice._** Serve your stir-fry with your favorite variety of cooked rice. I usually like to serve mine with brown rice or jasmine rice. You could even serve it with cauliflower rice for a lightened-up version of the dish.
  *  ** _Sesame seeds._** These get sprinkled on top of your stir-fry. Roasted peanuts or cashews would also work if sesame seeds aren't your thing.

## How It's Made

**_The following is a detailed photo tutorial on how to make this dish. Scroll
all the way down if you'd like to skip right to the recipe!_**

  * Start by doing your prep work. **_The most important step in making any stir-fry is prepping everything in advance._ **If you're using extra-firm tofu, you'll need to press it. Chop your scallions and separate the white and green parts, chop your veggies, and mix up your sauce before doing anything else.

  * Heat up some oil in a skillet, then add diced tofu. Cook it for a few minutes on each side until the pieces are browned and crispy, then remove them from the skillet. 
  * _**Tip: I'm using a cast-iron skillet for my tofu stir-fry because I like the flat bottom and the nonstick surface for cooking tofu. A wok is the traditional vessel for making a stir-fry though, and will work just fine for this recipe.**_

  * Turn up the heat and add sliced carrots and the white parts of your scallions to the skillet. Stir-fry them, making sure to flip them constantly while they cook. **_Tip: Always stir-fry over high heat and flip your veggies constantly to get that perfect tender-crisp texture._**
  * Add the broccoli and mushrooms to the skillet and stir-fry them with your carrots and scallions.

  * Add your cooked tofu back to the skillet.
  * Carefully pour the sauce over your tofu and veggies. It should start to bubble up pretty quickly. **_Be super careful here, as the high-heat could cause your sauce to sputter!_**
  * Continue to cook and toss everything until the sauce is thick and forms a nice coating on your veggies and tofu.

  * Take the skillet off of the burner and top everything with the green parts of your scallions and some sesame seeds, then dish up your tofu stir-fry with some rice and dig in.

## Leftovers & Storage

Leftover tofu stir-fry will keep in a sealed container **_in the fridge for
about 3 days._**

## Frequently Asked Questions

**Can this stir-fry be made gluten-free?**

Yup! Just use gluten-free tamari in place of soy sauce.

**Can I make this stir-fry withtempeh instead of tofu?**

Absolutely! You can skip the step of pressing your tempeh, but otherwise it's
a direct substitution and you can simply follow the recipe using tempeh
instead of tofu.

**Can I substitute different veggies for those in the recipe?**

Sure! Just stick with veggies that are about as firm (and will therefore cook
in about the same amount of time) as those used in the recipe. Green beans,
cabbage or cauliflower would work well in place of the carrots. Snap peas,
snow peas, red bell pepper, asparagus, or baby bok choy would work well in
place of the broccoli or mushrooms.

**Is there a way to reduce the sodium content of this dish?**

Try using a reduced sodium soy sauce.

## More Vegan Stir-Fry Recipes

  * Tempeh Stir-Fry
  * Rainbow Peanut Butter Stir-Fry
  * Vegan Mango "Chicken" Stir-Fry
  * Veggies & Dumplings Stir-Fry
  * Pad Ped

_Like this recipe? If so, be sure to follow me onFacebook, Pinterest or
Instagram, or subscribe to my newsletter. And please stop back and leave me a
review and rating below if you make it!_

4.81 from 21 votes

Print

## Tofu Stir-Fry with Garlic Sauce

This quick and easy tofu stir-fry is the weeknight dinner you've been looking
for! Packed with flavor, crispy tofu, and tender-crisp veggies, this dish
tastes better than takeout and can be on the table in 30 minutes.

Course Entree

Cuisine American, Chinese

Prep Time 15 minutes

Cook Time 15 minutes

Total Time 30 minutes

Servings 4

Calories 237 kcal

Author Alissa

### Ingredients

#### For the Sauce

  * ¼ cup soy sauce
  * 2 tablespoons rice vinegar
  * 2 tablespoons maple syrup
  * 2 tablespoons water
  * 4 garlic cloves, minced
  * 1 teaspoon freshly grated ginger
  * 2 teaspoons sriracha sauce or sambal oelek, or to taste
  * 1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil
  * 1 tablespoon cornstarch

#### For the Tofu Stir-Fry

  * 1 tablespoon canola oil, or high heat oil of choice
  * 1 (14 ounce or 400 gram) package super firm or extra-firm tofu, drained (and pressed if using extra-firm) cut into 1-inch cubes
  * 3 scallions, chopped, white and green parts separated
  * 1 medium carrot, sliced on a bias into strips
  * 1 medium broccoli crown, broken into florets
  * 4 ounces shiitake mushroom caps, cleaned and sliced

#### For Serving

  * Cooked rice
  * Toasted sesame seeds

US Customary \- Metric

### Instructions

  1. Whisk the sauce ingredients together in a small bowl.

  2. Coat the bottom of a large skillet with oil and place it over medium heat.

  3. Add the tofu cubes in an even layer.

  4. Cook the tofu for about 10 minutes, flipping once or twice, until browned on multiple sides.

  5. Remove the tofu from the skillet and transfer it to a plate.

  6. Raise the heat to high.

  7. Add the white parts of the scallions and carrots to the skillet. Stir-fry for 1 minute.

  8. Add the broccoli and mushrooms to the skillet. Stir-fry 2 to 3 minutes more, until the veggies deepen in color and become tender-crisp.

  9. Return the tofu to the skillet and add the sauce.

  10. Continue to cook everything for about 1 minute, stirring constantly, until the sauce thickens and coats the tofu and veggies.

  11. Remove the skillet from heat and add the green parts of the scallions.

  12. Divide onto plates and top with sesame seeds. Serve with rice.

### Recipe Notes

Nutrition information does not include accompaniments.

Nutrition Facts

Tofu Stir-Fry with Garlic Sauce

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 237 Calories from Fat 97

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 10.8g **17%**

Saturated Fat 1g **5%**

 **Sodium** 960mg **40%**

 **Potassium** 511mg **15%**

 **Carbohydrates** 28.4g **9%**

Fiber 3.6g **14%**

Sugar 10g **11%**

 **Protein** 13.7g **27%**

**Calcium** 180mg **18%**

 **Iron** 3.1mg **17%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

« Eggy Vegan Breakfast Sandwiches

Vegan Broccoli Cheddar Soup »

Sharing is caring!

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Pinterest
  * Email

#### About Alissa Saenz

Hi, I'm Alissa! I'm a former attorney turned professional food blogger. I love
creating vegan recipes with bold flavors! You can read more about me here.

I'd love to connect with you on Facebook, Instagram, or Pinterest.

### Subscribe

Subscribe for email updates and receive a free copy of my veggie burger
e-book!

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Amy | Lemon and Coconut says

January 05, 2016 at 10:22 pm

I miss tofu so much! Looks so delicious, good Chinese food is all you need.
And chocolate :)

Reply

  2. Becca @ Amuse Your Bouche says

January 09, 2016 at 5:48 pm

I looove the look of this! I've really started to enjoy tofu lately, and I
love cooking up a quick stir fry with a tasty homemade sauce :) This one
sounds yummy!

Reply

  3. PCP says

June 12, 2018 at 12:22 pm

Did you dessicate the tofu first or just take it straight from the container
with water? Which type of tofu did you get?

Reply

    * Alissa Saenz says

June 16, 2018 at 10:29 am

Extra firm tofu, any brand! And yes, the recipe works best if you press the
tofu using a tofu press or the book method explained in this post:
https://www.connoisseurusveg.com/how-to-cook-crispy-delicious-tofu-a-step-by-
step-tutorial/

Reply

  4. Colleen says

January 28, 2019 at 7:20 pm

  
My husband and I made this for dinner tonight and really enjoyed it. The sauce
is delicious: a little sweet, a little smoky, a little spicy. The sauce is
also easy to whisk up, and really elevates a simple stir-fry. I made this
recipe as written, but added thin strips of baby bok choy just because I
wanted to use it up. I added the bok choy at the end of cooking, just before
adding the sauce, and that worked fine. I'll definitely make this again.
Thanks!

Reply

    * Alissa Saenz says

January 28, 2019 at 8:28 pm

I love bok choy in stir-fries - I'll bet it was excellent in this! I'm so glad
you enjoyed it! Thanks Colleen!!

Reply

  5. K.D. Mack says

January 30, 2019 at 12:19 pm

  
I made this and amped up the veggies, adding a small chopped up cabbage and a
bag of broccoli slaw that had snow peas and shredded carrots. Added scallions
too. I cook low sodium so I used a low sodium vegan soy sauce I made from
other recipe...it came out delish! I'd share a picture if allowed. This was my
first time using avacodo oil with the tofu, yay it didn't stick to the pan how
wonderful. Great recipe!

Reply

    * Alissa Saenz says

February 01, 2019 at 6:28 pm

Awesome!! I'm so glad you enjoyed it!

Reply

  6. Melanie says

February 06, 2019 at 6:19 pm

  
I made this for the first time tonight, and my husband said, “This is
outstanding!” My18-year-old son and I loved it too. I doubled the recipe, and
ended up with some leftovers for lunch tomorrow. It was excellent with brown
basmati rice and your smoky tofu dumplings. Never had a bad meal using one of
your recipes. Thank you!

Reply

    * Alissa Saenz says

February 08, 2019 at 6:22 pm

That's so great to hear! I'm glad it was a hit with you and your family.
Thanks so much Melanie!!

Reply

  7. Kathy P. says

March 21, 2019 at 9:28 pm

  
I’ve made this twice now and I love it. It’s super simple and tastes so great.
I used the link you provided to prepare my tofu and it came out perfect. Thank
you. This is now a recipe I will make frequently and I’ve shared it too.

Reply

    * Alissa Saenz says

March 22, 2019 at 9:46 am

I'm so happy to hear that! Thanks so much Kathy!

Reply

  8. Cristina says

May 23, 2019 at 7:49 am

  
I just made this to take for my lunch today and for my daughter to eat either
before she goes to work or after she comes home. Of course I had to taste test
it and it is DELICIOUS! Followed the recipe exactly as it says and the sauce
has just the right amount of salty, sweet, and spicy taste. This is a keeper!
Thank you for sharing 😊

Reply

    * Alissa Saenz says

May 27, 2019 at 4:54 pm

Yay! I'm glad you like it! Thanks Cristina!

Reply

  9. Dolly says

June 05, 2019 at 8:27 pm

  
This was excellent! I love tofu and try to always keep some in the fridge. I
was looking for a quick and easy stir fry for a busy weeknight meal and came
across your recipe. So glad I did because it was exactly what I wanted! Quick,
easy, delicious and I had everything on hand; except I was out of fresh ginger
(used up for smoothies) Anyway the sauce is AMAZING! And I served it with
Jasmine rice! Thank you!

Reply

    * Alissa Saenz says

June 09, 2019 at 2:25 pm

Yay!! I'm so glad you enjoyed it! Thanks Dolly!

Reply

  10. lauren dixon says

August 29, 2019 at 2:55 am

  
I have never been a stir fry girl but I decided that the time has come to get
into them! I saw this recipe on pinterest and I'm so glad I did because it's
amazing! I used only half the maple syrup because I like that real asian
flavour but otherwise amazing! I also used just the veggies I had leftover in
the fridge with some tofu in there too! Love

Reply

    * Alissa Saenz says

September 01, 2019 at 10:45 am

Awesome!! I'm so glad you enjoyed it! Thanks Lauren!

Reply

  11. JOAN HARRIS says

September 15, 2019 at 2:01 pm

can't wait to try this. sounds yummy! I have never tried sriracha sauce as I
don't like a lot of spice, but I may try just 1 tsp. in this recipe. Hope it
won't be too strong. going to pick up some broccoli today & perhaps some
Brussel sprouts. anxious to get started. Thanks for this recipe.

Reply

    * Alissa Saenz says

September 15, 2019 at 3:43 pm

I don't think it should be too spicy with just a teaspoon, but if you want to
err on the side of caution you could always just add a tiny bit at time when
the stir-fry is done cooking. I hope you enjoy it!

Reply

  12. Danielle says

September 15, 2019 at 9:22 pm

Is there anything I could sub for maple syrup?

Reply

    * Alissa Saenz says

September 15, 2019 at 10:42 pm

Granulated sugar or agave should work just fine!

Reply

  13. LWBJ says

September 18, 2019 at 10:13 am

  
This is way too salty with that much soy sauce. I made it per the recipe and
even over rice it's a salt bomb. I love the ingredients but will make a
different sauce in the future. This was a miss for me.

Reply

    * Alissa Saenz says

September 22, 2019 at 3:08 pm

Sorry you didn't enjoy it! You could always reduce the amount of soy sauce
and/or use a low sodium variety if you give it another try.

Reply

  14. Liz says

October 01, 2019 at 12:22 am

  
I had limited time to make dinner tonight and your recipe was a lifesaver. My
husband just had surgery on a broken ankle and he's a type 2 diabetic, so
we're really trying to eat healthy...and I'm a rather inexperienced cook.
Thankfully I had almost all of the ingredients in your recipe and it was easy
to follow. We didn't have maple syrup (and neither of us are crazy about it)
so I squeezed cutie juice into the sauce. I used liquid aminos instead of soy
sauce and instead of sriracha I used leftover chili sauce packets from Panda
Express. I used a 16oz block of extra firm tofu but the sauce was still
plentiful enough to cover it all. I used zucchini instead of broccoli and raw,
pre-sliced carrots and white mushrooms to save time. Oh, and pre-minced
garlic. It was all really tasty, though I'll probably add more orange juice
and a little less vinegar (it was a bit much for me). My husband was a happy
camper though, so this will definitely make it into our rotation. We're not
vegan so we'll mix the leftover stir fry with some leftover chicken. He's
excited for his lunch tomorrow! Thanks for a flexible, tasty recipe.

Reply

    * Alissa Saenz says

October 06, 2019 at 4:54 pm

Awesome! I'm so glad you enjoyed it! If you can add some other type of sugar
in place of the maple syrup, I'd try that - it will help balance out the
tartness. Thanks Liz!

Reply

  15. Mike says

December 07, 2019 at 11:14 am

  
I've been working my way toward a vegan lifestyle for about a month now and
this is definitely my favorite dish so far. I can't wait to try more recipes
on your website.

Reply

    * Alissa Saenz says

December 08, 2019 at 10:40 am

Awesome! I'm so glad you like it! Thanks Mike!

Reply

  16. Kim A Cornish says

February 23, 2020 at 11:37 am

I read this recipe twice & could not find where the cornstarch is used. Maybe
I missed something. Would you please let me know?

Reply

    * Alissa Saenz says

February 23, 2020 at 8:25 pm

It's one of the sauce ingredients - include it when you whisk them all
together in step 1. :)

Reply

  17. Anna says

May 11, 2020 at 7:41 pm

  
I love every one of your recipes that I make-- and I've made a ton! Chomping
this down right now, and I'm definitely gonna do this over takeout in the
future-- it's delicious!

Reply

  18. Nancy says

October 02, 2020 at 3:41 am

This recipe is my favorite! The flavor is outstanding

Reply

  19. Marti says

January 07, 2021 at 10:40 pm

This was delisc altho I added lots of veggies and served with coconut rice  
Thank you

Reply

  20. Cathy says

July 04, 2021 at 8:32 am

I made this last night Alissa. I am always looking for Chinese food recipes
since we don’t have much good Chinese here. Not surprisingly it was absolutely
delicious! My husband and I both loved it and will be making it many times
over. Once again, you hit it out of the park!! Thank you!

Reply

  21. Jaime says

January 17, 2022 at 12:25 pm

  
Holy yum, this was so easy and delicious! I added rice and doubled the sauce.
I am adding this to my recipe collection! Thank you!

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi, I'm Alissa!** I'm a former attorney turned professional food blogger. I
love creating vegan recipes with bold flavors!

More about me →

### Popular

  * The Best Vegan Banana Bread

  * Crispy Baked Teriyaki Tofu

  * Creamy Vegan Rice Pudding

  * Classic Lentil Soup

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * Privacy Policy

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up for emails and updates

### Contact

  * About
  * Contact
  * Photo Use Policy

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases. Learn more here.

Copyright © 2013-2022 Tofu Press LLC & Alissa Saenz

9440 shares

  * 736
  *   * 8704
  * 

