https://thatspicychick.com/tofu-with-hot-garlic-sauce-sichuan-yu-xiang/


__

____

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * by Category
      * Dinner
      * Main Dishes
      * Easy
      * Appetizers
      * Pasta
      * Noodles
      * Healthy
      * Party Food
      * Grilled
      * Lunch
      * Drinks
      * Vegetarian
      * More
    * by Cuisine
      * Thai
      * Chinese
      * Korean
      * Indian
      * American
      * Fusion
      * Mexican
      * Sichuan
      * More
    * Browse All Recipes »
    * Recipe Index »
  * About
    * FAQ
  * Contact
    * Work With Me
  * Shop

##### Follow me!

____ ____ ____ ____ ____ ____

____ ____ ____ ____ ____ ____

__

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * by Category
      * Dinner
      * Main Dishes
      * Easy
      * Appetizers
      * Pasta
      * Noodles
      * Healthy
      * Party Food
      * Grilled
      * Lunch
      * Drinks
      * Vegetarian
      * More
    * by Cuisine
      * Thai
      * Chinese
      * Korean
      * Indian
      * American
      * Fusion
      * Mexican
      * Sichuan
      * More
    * Browse All Recipes »
    * Recipe Index »
  * About
    * FAQ
  * Contact
    * Work With Me
  * Shop

Home » Meal » Dinner » Tofu with Hot Garlic Sauce (Sichuan Yu Xiang Style)

# Tofu with Hot Garlic Sauce (Sichuan Yu Xiang Style)

_by_ Lavina // _posted_ July 11, 2022

Jump To RecipePrint Recipe

_This post contains affiliate links._

_This Tofu with Hot Garlic Sauce is an easy **vegetarian/vegan** Sichuan "yu
xiang" style **stir-fry** and boasts the **BEST spicy, savory, and tangy
notes** with a **hint of sweetness**! Chewy five spice tofu strips, cloud ear
mushrooms, bamboo shoots, carrots, plenty of **garlic and chilies** get tossed
in a **mouthwatering bold flavored sauce**!_

this recipe

Friends, by now you know I am obsessed with Sichuan "yu xiang" flavors.
There's just something that's _highly_ addictive about this particular hot and
sour garlic sauce.

We already have Yu Xiang Eggplant, Yu Xiang Chicken, and even a "yu xiang"
style Chili Garlic Chicken Fried Rice on the blog. It's now time for a **100%
vegetarian and vegan** dish made with five spice tofu to shine in this
DYNAMITE sauce!

This Tofu with Hot Garlic Sauce is a quick and easy "yu xiang" style stir-fry
that's incredibly flavorful and tasty with a bowl of steamed rice! Chewy, yet
tender five spice tofu strips, cloud ear mushrooms, bamboo shoots, and carrots
get tossed in a mouthwatering spicy, savory, tangy, and garlicky sauce with
just the right amount of sweetness.

While there is a bit of prep work involved with chopping and slicing the
ingredients, the actual cooking takes place in ONE WOK in less than 10
minutes. Thanks to the meaty and chewy texture of dried five spice tofu, both
vegetarians/vegans and die-hard meat lovers are guaranteed to enjoy this dish
and be satisfied!

## Why This Recipe Works

  * **Quick and easy to make and ready in 30 minutes.** Although there is quite a bit of prep work involved, the stir-fry is a breeze and ready in under 10 minutes.
  *  **EXPLODING with flavor!** It's full of savory, garlicky, spicy and sour flavors with a hint of sweetness!
  *  **Best textures.** Rubbery and tender cloud ear mushrooms and crisp bamboo shoots and carrots compliment the chewy texture of the five spice tofu strips.
  *  **Lao Gan Ma Pickled Chilies sauce** replaces the traditional Sichuan pickled chilies (which are can be difficult to source outside of China) used for this stir-fry and delivers the **signature hot and sour flavors.**
  * Using **five spice tofu/beancurd adds an extra layer of flavor** since the tofu is already seasoned. Also, since it's a dried type of extra firm tofu, it doesn't break easily during stir-frying in the wok.

## Ingredient Notes and Substitutes

Fresh & Pantry Ingredients

  * **Five Spiced Tofu/Beancurd (wu xiang dou fu gan - 五香豆腐干):** This is a dried tofu (dou fu gan) that has been marinated in soy sauce and other seasonings and spices (usually five spice powder). It is pressed tofu that is extra firm and brown on the outside with a whitish inside. It's available in the form of small thin bricks in vacuum sealed packs. Just like the pressed brown tofu used for pad thai, it has a meaty and chewy texture. You can find it in Asian and Chinese supermarkets and shops selling tofu products in wet markets in Asia. **Avoid purchasing one with sugar listed as one of the seasonings in the ingredients list.** It may make the dish too sweet. You're welcome to use regular dried pressed firm tofu if you prefer.
  *  **Lao Gan Ma Pickled Chilies Sauce:** "Yu xiang" dishes are traditionally made with pickled fresh _er jing tiao chilies_ (pao la jiao - 泡辣椒) in the Sichuan region. As they are not easy to find outside of China, I used Lao Gan Ma Pickled Chilies sauce instead. It's a great substitute since it has a similar hot and tangy flavor profile. Find it in an Asian supermarket or purchase it online. There are a few other options when it comes to substituting for pickled _er jing tiao_ chilies. You can use Mexican or Thai pickled red chilies or sambal oelek to yield a similar flavor. Another good substitute would be Sichuan Pixian Dou Ban Jiang (fermented chili bean paste) which can be found at Asian supermarkets and online.
  *  **Dried Cloud Ear Mushrooms:** Although this dish is traditionally made with a Chinese wood ear mushrooms, I used dried cloud ear mushrooms. They're both similar in texture, appearance, and taste. Once you've soaked them in a bowl of water to rehydrate them, they will expand and become tender and rubbery. You can use fresh cloud or wood ear mushrooms if you can find them in an Asian supermarket near you. Note that fresh cloud/wood ear mushrooms will only need to be rinsed before slicing, not soaked.
  *  **Bamboo Shoots:** This is the tender part of the bamboo plant and is a vegetable that is commonly used in Asian and Sichuan cuisine. It's available in fresh, dried, frozen, and canned form. Canned or fresh is preferred for this recipe, and I used pre-sliced canned pickled bamboo shoots here. Look for it in an Asian supermarket, at a Thai grocery shop, or online. Substitute with julienned celery, Chinese celery, or celtuce if unavailable.
  *  **Fresh Red Chilies:** I used Thai Bird's Eye red chilies, but any small hot red chilies will work. Feel free to use as many or few as you like depending on your heat level preference. You can omit them for a milder dish since there is heat coming from the pickled chilies sauce too.
  *  **Dried Red Chilies:** I used Chinese Xiao Mi La dried red chilies here which are _quite_ hot. Any type of small Chinese or Thai dried red chilies can be used though. Use less if using Thai Bird's Eye dried red chilies as they tend to be hotter than most Chinese dried red chilies.
  *  **Peanut Oil:** Or use any other neutral flavor cooking oil with a high smoke point.

Stir-fry Sauce Ingredients

  * **Potato Starch:** Or use corn starch as the thickening agent for the sauce instead.
  *  **Low Sodium Light Soy Sauce:** Using low sodium soy sauce allows us to control the salt level better.
  *  **Shao Xing Rice Wine:** This is a fragrant Chinese cooking wine with a floral aroma. Find it in your local Asian or Chinese supermarket or mainstream supermarket that is well-stocked with international ingredients. Substitute with dry sherry if unavailable. Or use apple juice for a nonalcoholic substitute.
  *  **Chinkiang Vinegar:** This is a Chinese black vinegar and can be found in Asian or Chinese supermarkets. If you can't find it, use half balsamic and half white vinegar to yield a similar flavor.
  *  **Dark Soy Sauce:** This is mainly used for color. It's less salty than regular light soy sauce. If you don't have it on hand, simply substitute with low sodium light soy sauce.
  *  **Pure Chili Oil (without flakes/seeds):** I add a little chili oil to the stir-fry sauce to make the dish spicier. You can leave it out if you prefer a milder dish.

_Full ingredient list and amounts are in the recipe card below._

## How to Make Tofu with Hot Garlic Sauce

1\. **Saut e the pickled chilies sauce.** Heat oil in a large wok and saute
the pickled chilies sauce for a few seconds until shimmering.

2\. **Stir-fry the aromatics.** Add the spring onion **white and light green
parts** , ginger, garlic and stir-fry until fragrant.

3\. **Add the carrots.** Stir-fry until slightly softened.

4\. **Stir-fry the fresh and dried red chilies.** Take care to not let the
dried red chilies burn.

5\. **Add the blanched bamboo shoots and cloud ear mushrooms.** Toss to
combine.

6\. **Add the tofu and sauce.** Stir-fry until the sauce thickens and clings
to everything well.

7\. **Toss through spring onion dark green parts.** Only briefly to combine,
then switch off the heat.

**Serve!** Transfer to a serving plate or dish and serve immediately with warm
steamed rice!

_Full detailed instructions are in the recipe card below._

## Cook's Tips

  * **Prepare everything before you start cooking.** There is quite a bit of prep work for this stir-fry, but the actual cooking takes less than 10 minutes. It's best to prep everything and have all the ingredients by the side of your wok before you switch on the stove.
  *  **Use alarge wok or heavy bottomed frying pan.** A nonstick carbon steel or cast iron wok is best and will deliver the signature _wok hei_ ("breath of the wok") to the stir-fry dish. However, a deep heavy bottomed frying pan will work too if you don't own a wok.
  *  **Adjust spice level to suit your preference.** For a milder dish, use less pickled chilies sauce (2 tablespoons instead of 3), fresh red chilies, and dried red chilies. You can also leave out the pure chili oil in the stir-fry sauce.

## FAQs

**How to use five spice tofu?**

You can thinly slice or dice five spice tofu into cubes and use it in stir-
fries or braised dishes. It can also be eaten raw on its own or chilled in
salads.

**How long do canned bamboo shoots last in the fridge?**

Leftover canned or fresh bamboo shoots should be stored in a sealed airtight
jar filled with water in the fridge. They will last for about 1 week if you
change the water daily to prevent it from going bad.

**What does "yu xiang" mean?**

Fish-fragrance, though there are no fish ingredients added to "yu xiang"
dishes. It refers to the style of cooking and the combination of ingredients
used to create a hot and sour garlicky sauce for meat and vegetable dishes in
the Sichuan region.

## More Sichuan "Yu Xiang" Style Dishes

  * Yu Xiang Chicken
  * Yu Xiang Qie Zi (Fish-fragrant Eggplant)
  * Sichuan Chili Garlic Chicken Fried Rice

## More Sichuan Stir-fries

  * Chicken in Vinegar Sauce (Sichuan Cu Liu Ji)
  * Authentic Kung Pao Chicken
  * Sichuan Dry-Braised Shrimp (Gan Shao Xia)
  * Braised Tofu and Pork with Pickled Chilies
  * Or browse the entire Sichuan recipes collection.

* * *

**MADE THIS RECIPE?** If you make this recipe, leave a comment and review it
below with a STAR rating! I always appreciate your feedback. Take a photo and
be sure to tag it with @thatspicychick on Instagram and hashtag it
#thatspicychick and I'll be sure to share.

**STAY CONNECTED!** You can also follow me on Pinterest, Facebook or
Instagram. Sign up for my email list to get my latest recipe in your inbox
weekly!

Print

Print Recipe

Pin Recipe

## Tofu with Hot Garlic Sauce (Sichuan Yu Xiang Tofu)

_**Five spice tofu** , veggies, plenty of **garlic and chilies** get **stir-
fried** in a **mouthwatering** and addictive **savory** , **spicy, and sour
sauce** in this Tofu with Hot Garlic Sauce!_

  * **Author:** Lavina
  * **Prep Time:** 20
  * **Cook Time:** 10
  * **Total Time:** 30 minutes
  * **Yield:** 4 1x
  * **Category:** Dinner
  * **Method:** Stir-fry
  * **Cuisine:** Sichuan
  * **Diet:** Vegetarian

Scale 1x2x3x

### Ingredients

**For the Sauce:**

  * ½ TBLS Potato Starch
  * 2 - 3 TSP White Sugar, _more or less to taste_
  * ⅛ - ¼ TSP Kosher Salt _(note 1)_
  * 1 TBLS Low Sodium Light Soy Sauce
  * 2 TBLS Shao Xing Rice Wine
  * 1 TBLS Chinkiang Vinegar
  * ½ TSP Dark Soy Sauce
  * ½ TBLS Sesame Oil
  * ½ - 1 TSP Pure Chili Oil (optional - without flakes/seeds), _to taste_
  * ¼ cup \+ 2 TBLS Water

**For the Tofu with Hot Garlic Sauce Stir-fry:**

  * 10 grams / ¼ cup Dried Cloud Ear Mushrooms (or Wood Ear Mushrooms - _note 2_ )
  * 300 grams / 10.5 ounces Five Spiced Beancurd _(note 3)_
  * 1 Spring Onion (Scallion/Green Onion) - chopped, white and light green parts separated from dark green parts
  * 2 TBLS minced Ginger
  * 6 Garlic cloves - minced
  * 1 - 5 fresh Red Chilies (optional - _note 4_ ), I used Bird's Eye, but any small hot red chilies will work), _to taste_ - chopped
  * ½ small (about 50 grams/1.75 ounces) Carrot - peeled, julienned
  * 3 - 10 Dried Red Chilies ( _note 5_ ), _to taste_ - snipped into ½-inch pieces
  * 80 grams / about ½ cup sliced canned Bamboo Shoots (or use fresh - _  note 6_)
  * 3 TBLS Peanut Oil (or other neutral flavored oil with a high smoke point)
  * 3 TBLS Lao Gan Ma Pickled Chilies Sauce ( _note 7_ )

### Instructions

**Prep:**

  1. **Soak the dried mushrooms:** Add the dried cloud ear mushrooms to a bowl and fill with water. Soak for 20 minutes until rehydrated and tender. Drain and pat-dry, then slice into thin strips.
  2. **Make the sauce:** In a small measuring cup (for easier pouring) or bowl, mix together the potato starch, white sugar, kosher salt, low sodium light soy sauce, Shao Xing rice wine, Chinkiang vinegar, dark soy sauce, sesame oil, pure chili oil and water until combined well.
  3. **Prepare the fresh and dry ingredients:** Chop/slice the five spice tofu, spring onion, ginger, garlic, fresh red chilies, carrot, dried red chilies as indicated in the 'ingredients' section.
  4. **Blanch the bamboo shoots and mushrooms:** Drain and rinse the canned bamboo shoots. Slice into thin strips if they are not pre-sliced. Bring a pot of water to a boil and add the sliced bamboo shoots and mushrooms. Boil for 2-3 minutes, then drain and rinse under cold water.

**For the Tofu with Hot Garlic Sauce:**

  1. **Stir-fry the aromatics:** Heat 3 tablespoons peanut oil over medium-low heat. Add the pickled chilies sauce (carefully as it may splatter) and saute for 20 seconds until shimmering. Turn the heat up to medium and add the spring onion **white and light green parts** , ginger and garlic. Stir-fry for 30 seconds until fragrant.
  2. **Add the carrots:** Turn the heat up to high and add the carrots. Stir-fry for 30 seconds until slightly softened.
  3. **Stir-fry the chilies:** Add the fresh and dried red chilies and stir-fry briefly for 10 seconds, taking care to not let the dried red chilies burn.
  4. **Add the veggies:** Add the sliced bamboo shoots and mushrooms and toss for 20-30 seconds until combined.
  5. **Add the tofu and sauce:** Give the sauce a quick stir with a spoon to loosen up the potato starch that will have settled at the bottom. Add the tofu and pour the sauce over everything in the wok. Stir-fry for 30-40 seconds, until the sauce thickens and clings to everything well.
  6. **Toss through spring onion:** Add the spring onion **dark green parts** and toss through briefly before switching off the heat.
  7. **To Serve:** Transfer to a serving plate or dish and serve immediately with warm steamed rice.

### Notes

  1. **Kosher salt:** Since the pickled chilies sauce is already quite salty and the five spiced tofu is pre-seasoned, you won't need to add much salt. That said, you can add more salt if needed to taste. Use half the amount if using iodized table salt as it is more salty than kosher salt.
  2. **Dried cloud/wood ear mushrooms:** Although this dish is traditionally made with a Chinese wood ear mushrooms, I used dried cloud ear mushrooms. They're both similar in texture, appearance, and taste. If using fresh cloud or wood ear mushrooms, you'll need half cup (about 60 grams). Fresh cloud/wood ear mushrooms will only need to be rinsed before slicing and you can skip the soaking step.
  3. **Five Spiced Tofu/Beancurd (wu xiang dou fu gan - 五香豆腐干):** This is a dried tofu (dou fu gan) that has been marinated in soy sauce and other seasonings and spices (usually five spice powder). It is pressed tofu that is extra firm and brown on the outside with a whitish inside. It's available in the form of small thin bricks in vacuum sealed packs. You can find it in Asian and Chinese supermarkets and shops selling tofu products in wet markets in Asia. **Avoid purchasing one with sugar listed as one of the seasonings in the ingredients list. It may make the dish too sweet.** You can use regular dried pressed firm tofu if you prefer.
  4. **Fresh red chilies:** Feel free to use less or more to taste and any other hot red chilies you like. Omit for a milder dish.
  5. **Dried red chilies:** I used Chinese Xiao Mi La dried red chilies here which are quite hot. Any type of small Chinese or Thai dried red chilies can be used though. Use less if using Thai Bird's Eye dried red chilies as they tend to be hotter than most Chinese dried red chilies.
  6. **Bamboo shoots:** This is the tender part of the bamboo plant and is a vegetable that is commonly used in Asian and Sichuan cuisine. It's available in fresh, dried, frozen, and canned form. Canned or fresh is preferred for this recipe, and I used pre-sliced canned pickled bamboo shoots here. Look for it in an Asian supermarket, at a Thai grocery shop, or online. Leftover canned or fresh bamboo shoots should be stored in a sealed airtight jar filled with water in the fridge. They will last for about 1 week if you change the water daily to prevent it from going bad. You can substitute with peeled and julienned celery, Chinese celery, or celtuce.
  7. **Lao Gan Ma Pickled Chilies Sauce:** "Yu xiang" dishes are traditionally made with pickled fresh _er jing tiao chilies_ (pao la jiao - 泡辣椒) in the Sichuan region. They are difficult to source outside of China so I used Lao Gan Ma Pickled Chilies sauce. It's a great substitute since it has a similar hot and tangy flavor profile. Look for it an Asian supermarket or purchase it online. You can use Sichuan pickled fresh _er jing tiao_ chilies if you can find them. Or substitute with chopped Mexican or Thai pickled red chilies or sambal oelek in a pinch to yield a similar flavor. I used 3 tablespoons pickled red chilies sauce, but you can use 2 tablespoons for a slightly milder dish. Another good substitute would be Sichuan Pixian Dou Ban Jiang (fermented chili bean paste) which can be found at Asian supermarkets and online. However, I recommend using only 1-2 tablespoons dou ban jiang as it is quite salty.

### Shop the Recipe

bamboo shoots

Buy Now ->

Dried Cloud Ear Mushrooms

Buy Now ->

Shao Xing Rice Wine

Buy Now ->

### Nutrition

  * **Serving Size:** 1 serving
  * **Calories:** 333
  * **Sugar:** 6.5g
  * **Sodium:** 487.5mg
  * **Fat:** 23.7g
  * **Saturated Fat:** 3.7g
  * **Unsaturated Fat:** 10.4g
  * **Trans Fat:** 0g
  * **Carbohydrates:** 14.9g
  * **Fiber:** 3.5g
  * **Protein:** 2.6g
  * **Cholesterol:** 0mg

The nutritional information provided is approximate and can vary based on
several factors. It should only be used as a general guideline. For more
information, please see our Disclosure.

### Did you make this recipe?

Tag @thatspicychick on Instagram and hashtag it #thatspicychick

All images and text (C)That Spicy Chick.

  * Share
  * Pin
  * Tweet
  * Email
  * Yummly
  * WhatsApp

This post may contain affiliate links. We are a part of the Amazon Services
LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a
means for us to earn a small commission (at no extra cost to you) by linking
to Amazon.com and affiliated sites. The nutritional information provided is
approximate and can vary based on several factors. It should only be used as a
general guideline. For more information, please see our Disclosure.

Chinese Dinner Main Dishes Sichuan Stir-Fry Tofu Vegan Vegetarian

_posted by_ Lavina _on_ July 11, 2022

0 Comments / Leave a Comment »

### Keep in Touch

Get new posts via email:

_« Previous Post_Spicy Lamb and Chicken Kofta

_Next Post »_ _Thai Eggplant Noodles

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe rating _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.  
_We only ask for your name and e-mail so we can verify you are human and if
requested notify you of a reply. To do this, we store the data as outlined in
ourprivacy policy._

Δ

Notify me of follow-up comments via e-mail

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

### About

**Hi, I’m Lavina!** Welcome to That Spicy Chick! My favorite things are my
wok, my itty bitty tiny watch, and chillies in all forms, colors, and sizes!

More about me »

### Popular Posts

#### Kebab Shop Garlic Sauce

#### Greek Yogurt Pizza Dough

#### Cream Sauce Seafood Pasta

#### Spicy Thai Basil Chicken Fried Rice

____ ____ ____ ____ ____ ____

### Keep in Touch

Get new posts via email

### Summer Grilling

More Summer Grilling »

### One Pan Dinners

More One Pan Dinners »

### Delicious Desserts

More Delicious Desserts »

### Archives

Archives Select Month August 2022  July 2022  June 2022  May 2022  April 2022
March 2022  February 2022  January 2022  December 2021  November 2021  October
2021  September 2021  August 2021  July 2021  June 2021  May 2021  April 2021
March 2021  February 2021  January 2021  December 2020  November 2020  October
2020  September 2020  August 2020  July 2020  June 2020  May 2020  April 2020
March 2020  February 2020  January 2020  December 2019  November 2019  October
2019  September 2019  August 2019  July 2019  June 2019  May 2019  April 2019
March 2019  February 2019  January 2019  December 2018  November 2018  August
2018  July 2018  April 2018  January 2018

### Categories

Categories Select Category 5 Ingredients or Less All Year Round American
Appetizers Asian-Inspired Bacon Beans Beat Blend Breads Breakfast & Brunch
British Burgers & Sandwiches Cabbage Cauliflower Chicken Chill/Freeze Chinese
Corn Curries & Stews Dairy-free Desserts Dinner Dips, Condiments, & Sauces
Drinks Easy to Cook Egg Fall Fish & Seafood Fry Fusion Game Day Gluten-free
Grilled Grind/Pulse Healthy Holiday How-To Indian Indo-Chinese Instant
Pot/Pressure Cooker Italian Japanese Korean Lamb Lunch Main Dishes Meal Prep
Mexican & Tex-Mex Middle Eastern Mix Mushroom No Bake No Heat Noodles Nuts One
Pot/Pan Oven Paneer Party Food & Snacks Pasta Pizza Pork Quick & Easy Recipe
Round-ups Recipes Rice Salads Sauté Seasonings & Spices Shrimp Sichuan Sides
Simmer Snacks Soups & Chowders Spanish Spring Stir-Fry Stovetop Summer Sweet
Potato Thai Tofu Uncategorized Vegan Vegetarian Vietnamese Winter

### Search this Site

__

### Our Google Web Stories

### Keep in Touch

Get new posts via email:

  * ^ Back to Top
  * Home
  * About
  * FAQ
  * Browse All Recipes
  * Contact
  * Work With Me

__ __ __ __ __ __

That Spicy Chick

**(C) 2022 That Spicy Chick**

  * Privacy Policy
  * Disclosure
  * Cookie Policy

_Design byPurr._

