https://cupfulofkale.com/sweet-chilli-garlic-tofu/


Skip to Content

Search Magnifying Glass

Search for: Close Search ×

  * Recipes
    * Mains
    * Sweets
    * Sides
    * Breakfast
    * Drinks
  * About
    * Privacy Policy
  * Work with me
  * Subscribe

Posted on Published: March 8, 2022 Categories Mains, Recipes

By: Author Tamsin

# Sweet Chilli Garlic Tofu

  *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe

The most delicious asian style sweet chilli garlic tofu. It's sticky, full of
flavour and will have you going back for more!

Tofu gets tossed in cornflour and fried until crispy, the easiest way to make
tofu 10x more delicious! It then gets coated in a sweet, spicy, salty sauce.

It comes together in 20 minutes which makes this such a quick recipe to throw
together, with minimal ingredients!

You can make this tofu as spicy as you want. Without added chilli flakes it's
got a decent level of spice, but you can up that if you like things hot!

This recipe is perfect for a Friday or Saturday night when you don't want to
splash out on take away! It's a sure-fire way to impress friends and family,
at home!

## What you'll need for this 20 minute sweet chilli garlic tofu:

  * Extra firm tofu
  * Cornflour 
  * Toasted sesame oil 
  * Garlic
  * Fresh ginger
  * Sriracha 
  * Soy sauce
  * Brown sugar
  * Chilli flakes (optional)

You can add in any veggies you like. I love adding red bell pepper/baby
corn/broccoli. Just fry them up separately and add in to the sauce. I also
serve it with some basmati or jasmine rice!

## How to make sweet chilli garlic tofu:

Start by breaking the tofu into 1 inch pieces. This is going to give the tofu
a more rugged edge than cutting it, making it crispier.

Toss the tofu in cornflour and fry for 5-6 minutes until turning golden and
crispy. Set aside and make the sauce.

This sauce comes together quickly so have all the ingredients on hand ready.
Heat the toasted sesame oil and then add garlic and ginger. Fry until fragrant
and then add the sriracha, soy sauce, sugar, water and chilli flakes if using.

Bring to a medium-high heat so the sauce simmers and thickens. It will be jam
like. It won't take long so keep an eye on it, then add the tofu back in to
heat up and serve!

See, it really is that simple! Crispy, sweet, spicy tofu ready in just 20
minutes! Serve with any veggies you like and some rice for a super delicious
dinner!

**Why you should make this spicy garlic tofu:**

  * It only takes 20 minutes to come together.
  * It's a great way to convert tofu haters! And a great sub for chicken. When cooked this way it has a crispy exterior and chewy inside.
  * It's a great alternative to take away and saves you money!
  * There are only 10 ingredients! Most of which you probably have in the pantry!
  * Lastly, it's so damn delicious! You don't need any more reasons, just make it asap!

For more asian inspired recipes you may enjoy these:

Spicy garlic ramen noodles

Cashew tofu stir fry

Sweet and sour tofu

Vegetable chow mein

* * *

_As always if you make this sweet chilli garlic tofu be sure to leave me a
comment, rate this recipe and tag me on  Instagram. I love seeing all your
photos of my recipe recreations!_

_Don 't forget to follow along on Facebook, Pinterest and Instagram - I'd love
to see you all there!_

* * *

**NEVER MISS A RECIPE! GET MORE VEGAN RECIPES SENT STRAIGHT TO YOUR INBOX -
SUBSCRIBE HERE **?

Continue to Content

# Sweet Chilli Garlic Tofu

_Yield:_ 3

_Prep Time:_ 5 minutes

_Cook Time:_ 15 minutes

_Total Time:_ 20 minutes

The best stir fried sweet chilli garlic tofu. Crispy tofu tossed in a spicy
sweet garlic sauce that comes together in 20 minutes. Add in any veggies you
like and serve over rice!

Print

## Ingredients

  * 1 block (450g/1lb) extra firm tofu 
  * 2 heaped tbsp cornflour 
  * 1.5 tsp sesame oil 
  * 5 garlic cloves, minced 
  * Inch fresh ginger, finely chopped 
  * 3 tbsp sriracha 
  * 3 tbsp brown sugar 
  * 2.5 tbsp soy sauce 
  * 175ml/ 3/4 cup water 
  * 1/2-1 tsp chilli flakes (optional, for extra spice) 

### To top

  * Sliced spring onion/scallions 
  * Sesame seeds 

## Instructions

  1. Cut or break tofu into 1 inch chunks. Breaking it will give you a more rugged edge and fry up crispier. Cut into strips then break into pieces. It will make around 30 chunks.
  2. Toss tofu in the cornflour and heat up a tbsp of oil on medium heat. Add the tofu and fry for 5-6 minutes until golden and crispy. Transfer to a bowl.
  3. In the same pan heat the sesame oil and then add the ginger and fry until fragrant. Add the sriracha, brown sugar, soy sauce, water and chilli flakes if using.
  4. Increase the heat until simmering and cook for around 30 seconds until thickened. Add the tofu back in to heat through and then serve!
  5. Top with sliced spring onions and sesame seeds.

## Notes

Use an extra firm tofu like Tofoo Co.

Up the spice by adding in the chilli flakes. It has a decent level of spice
without it but if you like it spicy add the chilli flakes.

Add in any veggies you like, fry them separately then add in with the tofu.
You may want to double the sauce if you add in a lot of veggies.

## Did you make this recipe?

Let me know in the comments or tag me on Instagram @cupfulofkale

(C) Cupful of Kale

**Cuisine:** Asian, Vegan  / **Category:** Mains

Previous

Cheesy Broccoli Pasta

Next

Orzo Pasta Salad with Creamy Avocado Dressing

Click here to cancel reply.

Δ

Roisin

Wednesday 8th of June 2022

I’ve made the sweet chilli garlic tofu twice now and this is a really tasty
dinner. Also my first time trying tofu and it was great. Although I can’t
quite get the sauce right - it’s really watery when I make it and no matter
how long I let it simmer it doesn’t thicken and certainly doesn’t become
anything near to jam like. Is it the quantity of water? Should I use less than
the 175 ml? Anyway, the consistency hasn’t put me off making it again because
it tastes great.

### About

Hi, I'm Tamsin! At Cupful of Kale you'll find mostly healthy, always vegan and
easy to follow recipes! There are sweet and savoury recipes for every occasion
and craving!

### Search

Search for:

### Subscribe for weekly recipes!

### Web Stories

Find web story slides here of Cupful of Kale recipe favourites!

### SEARCH

Search for:

### Recent Posts

  * Vegan Chicken Caesar Salad
  * Vegan White Chocolate Macadamia Nut Cookies
  * Orzo Pasta Salad with Creamy Avocado Dressing
  * Sweet Chilli Garlic Tofu

### Categories

Categories Select Category Breakfast Drinks Mains Photography Resources
Recipes Sides Sweets

Copyright (C) 2022 Cupful of Kale | Trellis Framework by Mediavine

Skip to Recipe

83 shares

  *   *   *   * 

