https://vjcooks.com/pulled-pork-bao-buns/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * A-Z Recipes
  * Shop ebooks
  * About
  * Blog
  * Search

  * Dinners
  * Baking
  * Desserts
  * Gluten Free
  * Salads

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Dinners
  * Baking
  * Top 10 Recipes Free Ebook
  * Everyday Favourites Cookbook
  * About
  * Shop

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

×

Home » Family meals

# Pulled pork bao buns

Published: Feb 6, 2019 by Vanya Insull

Jump to Recipe

# These pulled pork bao buns are one of my most popular dinner recipes. The
asian style pork is super easy to make in the slow cooker.

Once you try these delicious pulled pork bao buns the recipe will be sure to
be one of your favourites. The pulled pork is made in the slow cooker so you
can prep it in the morning and come home to delicious Asian style pulled pork.

Once the pork has been in the slow cooker for 4-6 hours it will be so tender
and pull apart very easily. I like to use my new meat claws to pull it apart,
it makes me feel like a wolverine, haha. I bought them from Countdown and they
were only $5, such a bargain.

You can buy the bao buns from Asian supermarkets and specialty stores, they
are kept in the freezer section. I like to serve my pulled pork with shredded
carrot, sliced cucumber, Japanese kewpie mayo, hoisin sauce and fresh
coriander.

This recipe will make enough pork to feed around 12 people, I like to freeze
the leftover shredded pork in meal size portions. Then I can defrost the pork
next time I want to make bao buns and the meal only takes around 20 minutes to
prepare, I re-heat the pork in the oven but you could also use the microwave.
I also have a sticky beef version of these bao buns on my website.

### Other serving ideas:

This delicious pulled pork also goes so well in a Hawker Roll (that's a
rolled, flakey, roti stuffed with yummy Asian style fillings!). I added some
store-bought coleslaw, kewpie mayo, fresh herbs and a squeeze of lime. So
good.

##### Click here to pin this post to your dinners board on Pinterest and save
it for later



### More delicious slow cooker recipes from VJ cooks:

Moroccan lamb

Lamb shanks

Sticky Asian style beef

##### **

__Share 574

 __Pin 599

**

* * *

#### MADE THIS RECIPE?  
**PLEASE** **  CLICK ON THE STARS BELOW AND RATE IT! **

Continue to Content

## Pulled pork bao buns

_Yield:_ 12 buns

_Prep Time:_ 10 minutes

_Cook Time:_ 4 hours

_Total Time:_ 4 hours 10 minutes

This pulled pork is made in the slow cooker so you can prep it in the morning
and come home to delicious Asian style pulled pork.

Print

### Ingredients

  * 2kg pork leg or shoulder 
  * 1 onion, sliced 
  * ½ cup soy sauce 
  * 1 tsp 5 spice powder 
  * 1 tsp garlic powder 
  * 1 tsp ground ginger 
  * 3 Tbsp sweet chilli sauce 
  * 1 oxo stock cube 
  * 2 cups boiling water 
  * 4 star anise (optional) 
  * 2 Tbsp cornflour 

#### To serve

  * 12 bao buns 
  * ½ cup Hoisin sauce 
  * 3 Tbsp Japanese Kewpie mayo 
  * 2 carrots, grated/julienne 
  * ½ cucumber, thinly sliced 
  * Handful of coriander 

### Instructions

  1. Add onion and pork to slow cooker, stir together soy sauce, five spice, garlic powder, ginger and sweet chilli sauce then pour over the pork.
  2. Dissolve the oxo cube in the boiling water and pour into the slow cooker then add the star anise. 
  3. Cook on high for 4+ hours or on low for 6+ hours.
  4. Once the pork is falling apart easily, remove from the sauce and set aside, mix the cornflour with about a ¼ cup of the meat juices and add to the sauce.
  5. Shred the pork (discard the skin and any bones) then add it back to the slow cooker and stir, turn it onto low until ready to serve.
  6. Serve the pulled pork on steamed bao buns with Hoisin sauce, Kewpie mayo, shredded carrot, sliced cucumber and coriander. 

### Notes

  * This sauce is great with chicken too just adjust cooking time until chicken is cooked through. 

###### Nutrition Information:

Yield: 6 Serving Size: 1  
_Amount Per Serving:_ Calories: 650Total Fat: 76gSaturated Fat: 26gTrans Fat:
0gUnsaturated Fat: 44gCholesterol: 344mgSodium: 2507mgCarbohydrates:
100gFiber: 8gSugar: 20gProtein: 113g

_Nutritional values are approximate. Please use your own calculations if you
require a special diet._

### Did you make this recipe?

Tag @vj_cooks on Instagram and hashtag it #vjcooks

(C) Vanya

**Cuisine:** Asian Fusion  / **Category:** Dinner

#### THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR CHECKING OUT MY RECIPE.

#### FOLLOW ALONG AT MY FACEBOOK PAGE.

#### OR TAG ME ON INSTAGRAM @VJ_COOKS AND HASHTAG IT #VJCOOKS

## Asian style recipes

****

###  Beef Noodle Stir Fry

A super easy stir fry made with beef strips, egg noodles and seasonal
vegetables cooked in a homemade sauce.

Get the Recipe

###  Chicken Pad Thai

A traditional Pad Thai made with chicken, Pad Thai noodles, bean sprouts,
spring onion and a homemade sauce.

Get the Recipe

###  Quick Teriyaki chicken bowls

These teriyaki chicken bowls are a family favourite and made in under 25
minutes.

Get the Recipe

###  Chicken Satay Noodle Stir Fry

Get the Recipe

###  Grilled Honey soy Salmon rice Bowls

Honey soy grilled salmon served on top of rice with avocado, edamame and
cabbage.

Get the Recipe

###  Chinese 5 spice pork belly

This recipe makes perfect pork belly in a delicious sticky five spice sauce.

Get the Recipe

###  Chicken and Vegetable Stir Fry with Satay Sauce

A healthy and tasty chicken stir fry packed with vegetables and served with a
homemade creamy satay sauce.

Get the Recipe

###  Vietnamese Chicken Noodle Salad

A fresh chicken noodle salad with crunchy vegetables and a spicy dressing.

Get the Recipe

###  BBQ Chicken Roti

These delicious chicken roti are topped with a homemade satay sauce.

Get the Recipe

###  Pork Stir Fry

A sticky pork stir fry with a delicious homemade sauce.

Get the Recipe

###  Sweet and Sour Pork

A super easy Sweet and Sour Pork that's filled with vegetables and is ready in
30 minutes.

Get the Recipe

###  Pork and Ginger Dumplings

Homemade dumplings with a tasty pork and ginger filling, pan fried to
perfection.

Get the Recipe

###  Chicken buddha bowl with satay sauce

This chicken buddha bowl is a quick, easy and healthy midweek meal packed full
of vegetables and served with satay dressing.

Get the Recipe

###  Sticky prawn rice bowls

Grilled prawns coated in a honey and chilli sauce served on top of rice with
veggies and crispy noodles.

Get Recipe

###  Steak Salad with Miso Dressing

Warm pieces of tender beef steak served on top of rice noodles with a
delicious homemade miso dressing.

Get the Recipe

###  Chicken and Vegetable Stir Fry

A tasty and easy chicken stir-fry packed full with vegetables.

Get the Recipe

###  Hot smoked salmon salad

A delicious smoked salmon salad layered with feta, radish, edamame and
lettuce. Served with a Asian style dressing.

Get the Recipe

###  Lemon Chicken

Crispy, sticky lemon chicken served with steamed rice and vegetables.

Get the Recipe

###  Sticky Asian Beef

Slow cooked sticky Asian style beef served in bao buns or as a bowl meal

Get Recipe

##### BACK TO THE HOMEPAGE

__Pin 599

 __Share 574

1K Shares

## More Family meals

  * Smoked salmon pasta

  * Creamy chicken pesto pasta

  * Homemade cashew pesto

  * Pork katsu curry

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Jess

January 03, 2022 at 7:18 pm

Loved this! I had some leftover pulled pork in the freezer so added some
hoisin sauce and assembled - too easy.

Reply

  2. Sherree Drysdale

February 06, 2022 at 6:56 pm

Umm, so I hope I did something wrong. But this was bad. Dry, tasteless, tough.
I have used many other pulled pork recipes in the crockpot that are really
good. So I don't know what happened here. I'm so disappointed - such a waste
of meat.

Reply

    * VJ cooks

February 09, 2022 at 11:03 am

Sorry to hear that Sheree. I have only had overwhelmingly positive feedback
for this recipe. This recipe is deigned for a ratio of 2kg of meat to 2 cups
of boiling water, I wonder if you had a bigger cut of meat? In which case you
might have needed more liquid?

Reply

  3. Lyn Vesey

June 27, 2022 at 10:17 am

Which OXO stock cube is used in this recipe please. Not showing in picture of
ingredients.  
Thank you

Reply

    * VJ cooks

June 27, 2022 at 1:27 pm

Hi Lyn, I used beef stock but you could also use vegetable or chicken stock if
that's what you have to hand.

Reply

      * Lyn

June 27, 2022 at 2:17 pm

Thats awesome thank you. Appreciate the response

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### WELCOME

Thanks for visiting VJ cooks!

I hope you enjoy my website and find some inspiring recipes and ideas. I’m
Vanya and I live in beautiful Taupo, New Zealand with my husband, two sons and
Golden Retriever.  
I love cooking, baking, sharing recipes and of course eating.

### Follow Me

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

### For exclusive new recipes

Search

### Popular Posts

## Apple and Raspberry Crumble Slice

## Tuscan Chicken Thighs

## Chocolate Weetbix Slice

## Gingerbread Loaf

### Slow Cooker Recipes

## Sticky Chinese pork belly

## Multi cooker Mexican Chicken and rice

## Slow cooker Mac and Cheese

## Slow cooker whole chicken soup

## Sticky Asian Beef

## Slow Cooker BBQ Beef Brisket

Never miss a recipe + FREE Ebook with my 10 favourite family recipes!

Copyright (C) 2022  
_Privacy Policy_

Skip to Recipe

