https://bunch.woolworths.com.au/recipe/10121443/Slow-Cooker-Pulled-Pork-Bao-BunsSliders


Home Products Recipes Articles FAQs How it works

* * *

Search

Log in

Loading...

Back

Back

Back to my profile

Back to my profile

  * Previous recipe

Prev

  * Next recipe

Next

# {{getHTMLText(recipe.Blog_Title__c)}}

{{author.CommunityNickname}} \- {{author.Contact.Prefix__c}},
{{author.Contact.Community_Level__c}}
{{author.Contact.Overall_Level_Number__c}}

Bunch Team

{{recipe.Published_Status__c}} {{recipe.Published_Date__c |
date:'dd/MM/yyyy'}}

{{recipe.Content_Stage__c}} {{recipe.Submitted_Date_Time__c |
date:'dd/MM/yyyy'}}

Unpublished

{{likeCount}}

{{recipe.Comment_Count__c}}

Print

This video will close in 3 seconds...

Replay

Close

{{getText(recipe.Synopsis__c)}}

#### Prep time

**{{getHoursMinutes((recipe.Prep_Time_Hours__c*60)+recipe.Prep_Time_Minutes__c)}}**

#### Cook time

**{{getHoursMinutes((recipe.Cook_Time_In_Hours__c*60)+recipe.Cook_Time_In_Minutes__c)}}**

#### Total time

**{{getHoursMinutes((recipe.Prep_Time_Hours__c*60)+recipe.Prep_Time_Minutes__c+
(recipe.Cook_Time_In_Hours__c*60)+recipe.Cook_Time_In_Minutes__c)}}**

### Ingredients

{{recipe.Recipe_Serve_Unit__c}}: {{recipe.Serves__c}}

  * **{{ingredient.Quantity__c}}**

### Method

  1. {{getText(step.Method__c)}} 

**Tip:**

###  Tags

{{topic.Name}}

Share:

Previous recipe

Next recipe

**This thread is closed for further discussions.**

###  Reviews

Filter  All bunchees  AU bunchees  NZ bunchees  All star ratings  1 star  2
stars  3 stars  4 stars  5 stars

Filter  All bunchees  AU bunchees  NZ bunchees  All star ratings  1 star  2
stars  3 stars  4 stars  5 stars

### Replies

### Comments

###

Login and be the first to reply! Login and be the first to write a review!

Oops, no reviews found.

Try adjusting the filter options above.

Login and be the first to comment!

Bunch Team

{{feedItem.actor.displayName}} \-
{{bunchMembersInfo[feedItem.actor.id].Prefix__c}},
{{bunchMembersInfo[feedItem.actor.id].Community_Level__c}}
{{bunchMembersInfo[feedItem.actor.id].Overall_Level_Number__c}}

####

Posted {{getDateTime(feedItem.createdDate)}}

Show {{feedItem.capabilities.comments.page.total}}

Show previous replies comments

Bunch Team

  
{{comment.user.displayName}} {{bunchMembersInfo[comment.user.id].Prefix__c}},
{{bunchMembersInfo[comment.user.id].Community_Level__c}}
{{bunchMembersInfo[comment.user.id].Overall_Level_Number__c}}

Posted {{getDateTime(comment.createdDate)}}

Posted {{getDateTime(comment.createdDate)}}

**Edited**

Page Go to page of {{productReviewsData.totalPages}} GO  GO

Load more

Load all reviews  Load all comments  Load all replies

### Are you sure you want to report selected {{TBFSourceType | lowercase}}?

What's your enquiry about? Code of Conduct breach Providing personal
information Inappropriate content Copyright Infringement Concern for member
wellbeing Other

Please provide reason for flagging this content.

Reporting content....

Cancel Report

###  Thanks for letting us know.

If we find the content breaches our Code of Conduct, we'll remove it.

Ok

### Are you sure you want to remove the report on selected {{TBFSourceType |
lowercase}}?

Cancel Ok

## More ideas and inspiration

{{content.Author__r.Preferred_Name__c}}  {{content.Author__r.Prefix__c}},
{{content.Author__r.Community_Level__c}}
{{content.Author__r.Overall_Level_Number__c}}

Bunch \- Team

{{getHTMLText(content.Blog_Title__c)}}

{{getHoursMinutes(content.Total_Time__c)}}

{{content.Like_Count__c}}

{{content.Comment_Count__c}}

Back to top

# Your recipe has been approved

Your recipe is not yet live on bunch. but we'll let you know when it is
published.  
In the meantime, you can always check the status of your recipe on your
profile.

# A case was created for this recipe.

A bunch moderator will be in contact with you via email soon.  
In the meantime, you can always check the status of your recipe on your
profile.

## Discover more

{{recipe.Author__r.Preferred_Name__c}}{{recipe.Author__r.Prefix__c}},
{{recipe.Author__r.Community_Level__c}}
{{recipe.Author__r.Overall_Level_Number__c}}

{{recipe.Blog_Title__c}}

{{getHoursMinutes((recipe.Prep_Time_Hours__c*60)+recipe.Prep_Time_Minutes__c+
(recipe.Cook_Time_In_Hours__c*60)+recipe.Cook_Time_In_Minutes__c)}}

{{recipe.Like_Count__c}}

{{recipe.Comment_Count__c}}

### Are you sure you want to delete '{{recipe.Blog_Title__c}}'?

This action cannot be undone.

Cancel Delete

Deleting...

### Please tell us why you want to reject the changes made.

Your comments

If you reject the changes, a case will be created and a bunch moderator will
contact you directly via email.

Cancel Reject changes

Updating Status...

### Are you sure you want to edit this recipe?

Your recipe will be reverted back to a **draft**.

Cancel  Edit  recipe

### Are you sure you want to report this recipe?

What's your enquiry about? Code of Conduct breach Providing personal
information Inappropriate content Copyright Infringement Concern for member
wellbeing Other

Please provide reason for flagging this recipe

Cancel Report

###  Thanks for letting us know.

If we find the content breaches our Code of Conduct, we'll remove it.

Ok

### Are you sure you want to remove the report on selected {{TBFSourceType |
lowercase}}?

Cancel Ok

### People who liked this

### {{item.CommunityNickname}}

#### -

#### {{bunchMembersInfo[item.Id].Prefix__c}},
{{bunchMembersInfo[item.Id].Community_Level__c}}
{{bunchMembersInfo[item.Id].Overall_Level_Number__c}}

{{bunchMembersInfo[item.Id].About_Me__c}}

{{loadingLikes?'Loading...':'Load more'}}

Close

Reviews, recipes, chats and articles published on bunch have been submitted by
bunchees, and are not necessarily endorsed by Woolworths. Woolworths does not
represent or warrant the accuracy of any statements, claims or opinions made
in bunchee content.

**Are you in New Zealand?** See content specific to your location. Go to Bunch
NZ

Contact us  Terms and conditions  Collection Notice  Privacy at Woolworths
Group

Grown by members, supported by

Country: Australia New Zealand

