https://www.garlicandzest.com/tangy-asian-bbq-pulled-pork-buns/


Garlic & Zest

Gourmet Cooking at Home!

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

  * Recipes
    * Recipe Index
    * Appetizers
    * Breakfast
      * Breakfast Breads
    * Beverages
      * Boozy Drinks
      * Non-Alcoholic
    * Condiments
      * Dressings Chutneys & Jams
      * Marinades & Rubs
    * Desserts
      * Cakes
      * Candy
      * Chocolate
      * Cookies/Bars
      * Crumbles/Crisps
      * Ice Cream/Frozen Treats
      * Pies/Tarts
      * Puddings/Custards
    * Entrees
      * Pasta and Grains
      * Sandwiches, Tacos & Pizzas
      * Soups, Stews & Braises
      * Meat
      * Chicken/Poultry
      * Beef
      * Lamb
      * Pork
      * Seafood
      * Crab
      * Fish
      * Shrimp
      * Other
    * Salads
    * Sides
    * Breads
    * Vegan/Vegetarian
  * About
    * About
    * Work With Me
    * Press Page & Notable Collaborations:
  * Kitchen Resources

  * Recipes
    * Recipe Index
    * Appetizers
    * Breakfast
      * Breakfast Breads
    * Beverages
      * Boozy Drinks
      * Non-Alcoholic
    * Condiments
      * Dressings Chutneys & Jams
      * Marinades & Rubs
    * Desserts
      * Cakes
      * Candy
      * Chocolate
      * Cookies/Bars
      * Crumbles/Crisps
      * Ice Cream/Frozen Treats
      * Pies/Tarts
      * Puddings/Custards
    * Entrees
      * Pasta and Grains
      * Sandwiches, Tacos & Pizzas
      * Soups, Stews & Braises
      * Meat
      * Chicken/Poultry
      * Beef
      * Lamb
      * Pork
      * Seafood
      * Crab
      * Fish
      * Shrimp
      * Other
    * Salads
    * Sides
    * Breads
    * Vegan/Vegetarian
  * About
    * About
    * Work With Me
    * Press Page & Notable Collaborations:
  * Kitchen Resources

Home | Recipes | Entrees | Meat | Pork | **Tangy Asian BBQ Pulled Pork Buns**

Intermediate

Asian Pulled Pork Bao Buns

Soft, airy buns filled with tangy, sweet slow-roasted Asian style pork,
carrots, radishes, cilantro sesame seeds and a special sweet, spicy Gochuchang
sauce. Great with pickled onions too.

Total: 23 minutes

JUMP TO RECIPE PRINT RECIPE

Home | Recipes | Entrees | Meat | Pork | **Tangy Asian BBQ Pulled Pork Buns**

# Tangy Asian BBQ Pulled Pork Buns

688 shares

  * Share
  * Pin
  * Tweet
  * Yummly
  * Email
  * Mix

###### _This post contains affiliate links which means when you make a
purchase, you don 't pay more and I receive a small commission. Win-win!_

Stop into any Asian Gastropub and you'll find a myriad of vegetarian, beef,
shrimp and **_pork bao buns_** on the menu. We can't get enough of those
fluffy steamed rolls with all types of wonderful fillings. These ** _pulled
pork buns_** use leftovers from this Asian BBQ pork shoulder recipe to make
the best **_Chinese bbq pork buns_** for snacks, appetizers, or even an easy
dinner.

Before and after steaming the Chinese bao buns. See how they puff up?

One of our favorite dining spots in Boca Raton is KaPow! A funky little
indoor/outdoor Asian style gastropub with amazing bites, great happy hours and
pretty much the best pork bao buns anywhere in South Florida. I like them so
much, I created _**my own version**_ of their Chinese bbq pork buns that I
could make anytime at home (and so can **_you_** ). The pulled pork buns are
sweet, tangy and spicy with fresh toppings that brighten up every bite. Trust
me, you will LOVE them.

## Ingredients for pulled pork buns

  * Asian Buns (from scratch or store-bought)
  * Cabbage Leaves (for steaming)
  * Leftover Asian Pulled Pork
  * Leftover marinade from Asian Pulled Pork recipe
  * Carrot
  * Radish
  * Scallions
  * Toasted Sesame Seeds
  * Fresh Cilantro
  * Quick Pickled Onions

I admit, one of the main reasons I made that Asian Pulled Pork recipe was
because I KNEW it was going to make the perfect filling for steamed bao buns.
Making steamed buns from scratch tends to be a project best left for a rainy
Saturday, but once you've done it, you'll end up with a BUNCH of soft, sweet
bao buns just begging for a tasty filling. Since it's a project, I freeze the
bao, so that I can pull out a few anytime I'm hankering for Chinese bbq pork
buns. _Like now_. If you don't happen to have a freezer full of these spongy
little vessels, you can also buy them **_already made_** and **_ready to
steam_** at your local Asian market.

## Special equipment for pulled pork bao

Chinese steamed buns (a.k.a bao buns) are cooked in a steamer. I recommend
using a **Chinese bamboo steamer** { ** _shameless_** **_affiliate link_** }
because you can add several layers to a bamboo steamer (kind of like a tower),
which means you can steam more buns at one time instead of in several batches.
Bamboo steamers are really inexpensive and they're useful for much more than
just BBQ pork buns.

### Other uses for bamboo steamers

Use bamboo steamers to steam vegetables, seafood **_even delicate fish_**
without marring the skin or flesh by having to turn it. Steaming surrounds the
food, cooking it gently, while keeping the food moist. Because you're
literally cooking with steam, this method doesn't add any calories to the
food, so it's also great for diets. **Bamboo steamers**are uniquely equipped
to steam food and absorb the excess water instead of dripping the evaporated
droplets back onto the food and they dry out quickly while holding their shape
and integrity.

### How to steam buns

  1. To use a bamboo steamer, add about 1/2â€³ of water to the bottom of a large pot or pan (that the steamer will easily fit into.)
  2. Place cabbage leaves or lettuce leaves on the steamer "grates" (this will prevent the Asian buns from sticking to the bamboo.
  3. Add as many buns to the steamer as will fit (and stack as high as you need to)
  4. Bring the water to a boil and steam the buns for 7-8 minutes or until they're puffy and light. They're ready to fill.

## Pork bao buns are like _Asian tacos_

I consider these Chinese bbq pork buns to be the Asian equivalent of a taco.
The steamed bao is a soft, puffy conduit to transport the pulled pork and your
favorite toppings directly to your mouth. Aside from a heaping spoonful of the
Asian pulled pork, we also like grated carrots, matchstick radishes, tangy
pickled onions, fresh cilantro and a drizzle of the leftover dipping sauce.
Add the condiments to your bao as you would stuff a taco, then hunch over your
plate and gobble it up.

Of course, you can add other savory toppings to your pulled pork buns. Just
look in the fridge to see what you've got on hand.

## Other fun pulled pork bao toppings

  * Thinly sliced cucumbers or quick pickled cucumbers
  * Shredded cabbage
  * Kimchi
  * Pickled ginger
  * Sriracha sauce
  * Hoisin sauce
  * Tart Granny Smith apple, julienned
  * Asian pear, julienned

When I make these Chinese style pork bao, everyone gets excited. They love the
assertive flavors that pop with every bite of the Asian pulled pork stuffed
buns. The zingy marinade hits every part of your tongue and the tender, warm
Chinese bbq pork is so unctuous, your eyes will roll back in your head. At
least that's been **_my experience._**

### More Asian-inspired appetizer recipes to serve with pulled pork buns:

  * Asian Pork Dumplings
  * Bulgogi Pork Belly Bao
  * Blistered Edamame
  * Asian Turkey Lettuce Wraps

C'mon, doesn't that look good?

Print Pin

3.25 from 4 votes

## Asian Pulled Pork Bao Buns

Soft, airy buns filled with tangy, sweet slow-roasted Asian style pork,
carrots, radishes, cilantro sesame seeds and a special sweet, spicy Gochuchang
sauce. Great with pickled onions too.

Course Appetizer, Main Course

Cuisine Asian Inspired

Keyword asian, bao, Korean, pulled pork, steamed buns

Dietary Restrictions Dairy-Free

Prep Time 15 minutes

Cook Time 8 minutes

Total Time 23 minutes

Servings 4

### equipment

  * bamboo steamer or other steamer insert

### ingredients

  * 12 Asian steamed buns recipe on this site (or purchase at an Asian Grocery)
  * 3-4 large cabbage leaves or lettuce leaves
  * 2 cups leftover Asian Slow Roasted Pork warmed through recipe on this site
  * 1/3 cup reserved marinade from slow roasted pork
  * 1 large  carrot grated
  * 4 radishes thinly sliced or julienned
  * 2 tablespoons toasted sesame seeds
  * 2 scallions thinly sliced
  * 1/2 cup fresh cilantro leaves
  * 1/2 cup pickled onions recipe on this site

### instructions

  * Add about 1/2" of water to a large stock pot that will comfortably hold a bamboo steamer. Line the steamer baskets with cabbage leaves and place buns on the leaves. Depending on the size of your steamer, you may need to do several batches.

  * Stack the bamboo baskets on top of each other and secure with the lid. Bring the water to a boil in the pot and carefully set the bamboo steamer into the pot. Cover with the lid and steam the buns for 7-8 minutes or until puffed and light.

  * Divide the slow roasted pork between the buns and top with a sprinkle of carrot, radishes, pickled onions, cilantro, green onions and sesame seeds. Drizzle reserved dipping sauce over the buns and enjoy immediately. 

### Nutrition

Calories: 370kcal | Carbohydrates: 55g | Protein: 17g | Fat: 9g | Saturated
Fat: 1g | Cholesterol: 29mg | Sodium: 51mg | Potassium: 337mg | Fiber: 6g |
Sugar: 10g | Vitamin A: 3269IU | Vitamin C: 11mg | Calcium: 150mg | Iron: 4mg

## Pin "Asian Pulled Pork Bao" for later!

688 shares

  * Share
  * Pin
  * Tweet
  * Yummly
  * Email
  * Mix

Appetizers, Intermediate Recipes, Pork

previous post

next post

### Comments

  1. Katrina says

January 17, 2021 at 9:44 PM

  
This reminds me of our double date night! Especially during Covid times I am
very excited to be able to make these at home - yum!

Reply

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Î”

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

#### welcome!

Calling all cooks! You donâ€™t have to be a gourmet chef to get a delicious,
healthy meal on the table! At Garlic & Zest, Iâ€™ll show you how to make
hundreds of seasonal, fresh recipes and indulgent comfort foods with easy
step-by-step instructions and photos to help you _master the dish_.

More >

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

#### reader's favorite recipes

## Simple Lemon Vinaigrette

## Smoked Salmon Deviled Eggs

## Perfectly Poached Chicken Breasts

## Why I tossed out my old cutting boards

## Grandmother's Whipped Icing (a.k.a. Ermine Frosting)

## Fresh Peach Salsa

morsels for your inbox

#### welcome!

Calling all cooks! You donâ€™t have to be a gourmet chef to get a delicious,
healthy meal on the table! At Garlic & Zest, Iâ€™ll show you how to make
hundreds of seasonal, fresh recipes and indulgent comfort foods with easy
step-by-step instructions and photos to help you _master the dish_.

More >

#### reader's favorites recipes

## Reusable food storage. That's sensible.

## Which Thanksgiving Entree will be the centerpiece for your celebration?

## Simple Lemon Vinaigrette

## Graveyard Halloween Dip

## Homemade Thanksgiving Bread, Rolls & Biscuit recipes

## Simple To Spectacular Thanksgiving Dessert Ideas For Your Holiday Meal

don't let dinner  
stress you out  
Join our newsletter list and get a free e-cookbook with 20 easy dinner recipes
the whole family will enjoy!

#### as seen on

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

#### Difficulty

  * Beginner Recipes
  * Intermediate Recipes
  * Advanced Recipes

#### Collections

  * Easy Dinner Ideas
  * Summer Barbecues
  * Main Plate Salads

COPYRIGHT Â© 2021 Â· GARLIC AND ZEST Â· PRIVACY POLICY Â· DESIGNED BY GRACE + VINE
STUDIOS

688 shares

  *   *   * 

