https://www.kitchensanctuary.com/gua-bao/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  *  __> Start Here
  * __The Recipes
    * Browse all categories
    * Asian
    * Dinner
    * Pasta
    * Roast Dinner
    * Curries
    * Sides
    * Soups
    * Big Batch
    * Quick Dinner Recipes
    * Skinny Recipes
    * Street Food
    * Lunch
    * Gluten Free
    * Vegetarian
    * Cakes & Treats
    * BBQ
    * Breakfast & Brunch
    * Drinks
    * Appetizers
    * Sauces and Dips
  * __My New Book
  * __Blogger Resources
    * Living The Blog
    * How to start a food blog
    * Income Reports
  * __About
    * About
    * __Contact
    * Terms and Conditions
    * Privacy Policy
    * Cookie Policy
  * __Sign-Up
  * ## Nav Social Menu

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * Twitter
    * YouTube

  * search...

search...

  *  __> Start Here
  * __All Recipes
  * __Never miss a recipe!
  * __20 Minute Meals
  * __Appetizers & Party Food
  * __Asian
  * __Curries
  * __Dinner
  * __One Pot
  * __Pasta
  * __Roast Dinner
  * __Sides
  * __Slow Cooked
  * __Soups
  * __Street Food
  * __Terms and Conditions

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

×

Home > Street Food

# Gua Bao (Pork Belly Bao Buns)

Published: Jul 12, 2019 · Modified: May 23, 2021 by Nicky Corbishley

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

Go to Recipe Print Recipe

 _ **Gua Bao** \- soft fluffy Bao buns stuffed with tender sticky pork belly.  
I'm going to show you how to make it all at home, **from scratch** , in my
easy-to-to-follow **step-by-step recipe**. __After eating this you won't be
able to stop thinking about it until the next time you have it. It's a vicious
circle that I'm kinda happy about.  
  
_



This is the kind of street food I crave - and just writing this post up now
has made me throw out the idea of what we were going to have for dinner (which
was steak fajitas btw) and replace them with this. I HAVE to eat them again.

These are pretty large Bao buns (you can see in the pic below that they
completely fill my hand), so one is probably enough for dinner. But we're a
little greedy, so I'll be making extra, with some leftovers for lunch
tomorrow.

I first made bao buns early last year for Neff. I have one of their steam
ovens, which makes steaming these buns really easy. However, I've written (and
tested) this recipe using my steam pan.(<\-- affiliate link). If you don't
have one, I thoroughly recommend getting yourself one. I use mine all the time
for steaming veggies. They're stack-able, so you're saving hob space too -
which is very useful when you're making something with multiple dishes - like
a good old roast beef dinner.

Let's get back to the Gua Bao! You can check out the full recipe in the recipe
card at the bottom of this post, but here's the run-through with some pictures
to help:

I start off making dough for the buns:  

  1. Add flour, sugar, salt and yeast to a bowl and mix
  2. Add milk, warm water and butter to a jug and stir until the butter melts
  3. Stir the liquid into the the flour mixture
  4. Knead the dough for 10 minutes, then place in a bowl to rise
  5. Leave for 90 minutes or so until doubled in size
  6. Knead again and divide into 10 balls
  7. Roll out each ball into an oval and brush with oil
  8. Fold the dough over, using a chopstick in the middle to leave a little space in the fold
  9. Place on a baking tray to rise
  10. Leave for 60 minutes or so until puffed up

Then steam in a steam pan for 15 minutes:

I normally start slow cooking the pork when the buns are going through their
first prove:

  1. Add pork belly slices to a pan with stock, ginger, garlic, rice wine and sugar
  2. Simmer for 2 hours until tender
  3. Drain and slice into small chunks
  4. At the same time as you're steaming the bao buns, you can start frying the pork belly. Fry in a pan with a little oil and some salt and pepper until golden brown
  5. Add the glaze to the pan - which is a mixture of ginger, chilli, honey, brown sugar, soy sauce and lemon grass paste
  6. Bring to the boil and bubble until dark and sticky

Then pile that sticky pork into the bao buns with lots of fresh coriander
(cilantro), spring onions (scallions), strips of chilli, sesame seeds and
chopped cashews:

You can also make mini versions of these buns - dividing the dough into 20
buns, or even 30 buns for bitesize ones. They're great for a party food or as
part of a buffet.

## Other fillings for steamed bao buns:

  * **Chicken Satay** Skewers with Spicy Peanut Sauce
  * **Thai Fish Cakes** \- with a drizzle of the chilli dipping sauce that comes with this recipe
  * **Katsu Pork** with Katsu curry sauce
  * **Asian Chicken** from my Asian chicken lettuce wraps
  * **Chinese Crispy Chicken** with Honey Garlic Sauce
  * Korean Beef **Bulgogi** from my bulgogi bowl
  * **Sesame Chicken** \- my favourite Asian chicken recipe

## Other Asian Street Food Inspired Recipes:

  * **Pad Thai **with king prawns
  * **Chicken Lo Mein** \- super easy to throw together
  * **Special Fried Rice** \- this is my masterclass post - taking you through it from start to finish - including how to boil the rice perfectly
  * Asian **Sticky Chicken Wings** \- or **cauliflower wings** for a vegetarian version
  * **Kway Teow **\- another vegetarian option
  * Malaysian **Mee Siam** \- ready in 30 minutes!

## The Gua Bao Recipe:

## Gua Bao

By: Nicky Corbishley

Gua Bao - fluffy Bao buns stuffed with tender sticky pork belly. I'll show you
how to make it from scratch, in my step-by-step recipe.

4.77 from 21 votes

Rate this Recipe Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 30 mins

Cook Time 3 hrs

Proving time 2 hrs 30 mins

Course Dinner, Main Course

Cuisine Asian

Servings 10 bao buns

Calories 667 kcal

###

Ingredients



#### Steamed buns:

  * ▢ 3 ¾ cups (450g) plain (all purpose) flour
  * ▢ 2 tbsp caster sugar
  * ▢ ½ tsp salt
  * ▢ 2 tsp (equivalent to one packet or 7g) instant dried yeast
  * ▢ 3 tbsp whole milk
  * ▢ ¾ cup \+ 2tbsp (210 ml altogether) warm water
  * ▢ 3 tbsp unsalted butter - very soft
  * ▢ 1 tbsp olive oil

#### Sticky Pork Belly:

#### Slow Cooked Pork Belly:

  * ▢ 2.2 lb (1Kg) rindless pork belly slices chopped in half - (each piece being approx. the length of your index finger
  * ▢ 4 ¼ cups (1 Litre) hot chicken/veg stock
  * ▢ 1 tbsp minced ginger
  * ▢ 3 cloves garlic  - peeled and chopped in half
  * ▢ 1 tbsp rice wine
  * ▢ 1 tbsp caster sugar

#### Pork Belly Glaze:

  * ▢ 2 tbsp vegetable oil
  * ▢ 1 pinch of salt and pepper
  * ▢ 1 tbsp minced ginger
  * ▢ 1 red chilli  - finely chopped
  * ▢ 2 tbsp honey
  * ▢ 2 tbsp brown sugar
  * ▢ 3 tbsp dark soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 tsp lemon grass paste

#### Gua Bao Toppings:

  * ▢ 1 Small bunch coriander (cilantro) - roughly torn
  * ▢ 2 red chillies - sliced into thin strips
  * ▢ 4 spring onions (scallions) - sliced into thin strips
  * ▢ 1 tbsp sesame seeds
  * ▢ 2 tbsp toasted cashew nuts - chopped

###

INSTRUCTIONS



  * Start by making the bao buns.

  * Place the flour, sugar, salt and yeast in a bowl and mix together.

  * Add the milk, warm water and butter to a jug and stir together until the butter melts. Stir the liquid mixture into the flour mixture at first with a spoon, and then with your hands. Turn out onto a floured surface and knead for 10 minutes. Alternatively, you can do this in a mixer fitted with a dough hook.

  * Place the dough in an oiled bowl. Cover (with clingfilm or a damp tea toweand leave to prove until doubled in size - about 90 minutes - 2 hours).

  * Meanwhile, start on the pork belly. Add all the slow cooked pork belly ingredients to a pan (not the glaze ingredientI use a cast iron casserole pan. Bring to the boil, then place a lid on, turn down the heat and simmer for 2 hours. Then turn off the heat and drain the pork. You can reserve the liquid if you like (Perfect for a Thai or Chinese noodle soup).

  * After the dough has proved, tip it out of the bowl onto a floured surface. Knead the dough again and split into 10 balls. Place a piece of baking parchment on your work surface and roll each ball into an oval on top of the parchment, using a rolling pin – approx. 12cm x 8cm.

  * Brush the ovals with the olive oil and fold each oval over, using a chopstick in the middle to fold over to leave a little space in the fold (so the oil is on the inside of the fold). Remove the chopstick.

  * Prepare two oven trays by lining each with a piece of baking parchment. Place the buns on the trays - still on the the baking parchment - as this will help you to move them later. Cover each tray with clingfilm or a carrier bag* (see note 1) and leave to prove for a further hour, until puffed up.

  * Put a large steamer pan on to boil. Working in batches, place the buns in the steamer (you can keep them on the baking parchmenand steam for 15 minutes. I use this pan - placing two buns in each layer.

  * Whilst the bao buns are steaming, you can continue to cook the pork belly. Chop the pork into bite sized chunks. Add 1 tbsp. of the oil to a frying pan, and then mix the remaining glaze ingredients in a small bowl.

  * Heat the oil and add in the pork, salt and pepper, frying on a high heat until the pork starts to turn golden. Now pour the glaze over the pork and continue to cook until the pork looks dark and sticky - about 6-7 minutes. Turn off the heat and transfer to a warm bowl until you're ready to assemble the gua bao.

  * Once the buns are cooked, open them up and stuff them with sticky pork belly, coriander (cilantro), slices of red chillies, and strips of spring onions. Sprinkle on sesame seeds and chopped cashews.

###

✎ Notes

## Can I make the pork belly ahead?

Yes, you can make the pork belly up to the end of step 5 (where the pork is
slow cooked and then drained). Then quickly cool, cover and refrigerate (for
up to two days) or freeze. Defrost in the refrigerator overnight before
slicing and frying the meat as per step 11.

You can also mix the sauce ahead, then cover and refrigerate it up to a day
ahead.

## Can I make the Bao buns ahead?

Yes, make the buns, then quickly cool, cover and refrigerate (for up to 2
days). Allow to come to room temperature before reheating. You can reheat
(keep them covered) in the microwave for 20-30 seconds each bun. Or you can
steam them for 5 minutes to reheat.

## Can I freeze the Bao Buns?

Yes, make the buns, then quickly cool, cover and freeze. Defrost overnight in
the refrigerator and allow to come to room temperature before reheating.

You can reheat (keep them covered) in the microwave for 20-30 seconds each
bun. Or you can steam them for 5 minutes to reheat.

You can also reheat the bao buns from frozen, by placing them in the steamer
for 10 minutes, until hot throughout.

## Nutritional Information is approximate and is per filled **large** Gua Bao.

###

Nutrition

Calories: 667kcalCarbohydrates: 49gProtein: 34gFat: 37gSaturated Fat:
15gCholesterol: 82mgSodium: 900mgPotassium: 343mgFiber: 2gSugar: 11gVitamin A:
355IUVitamin C: 21.1mgCalcium: 41mgIron: 3.3mg

Keywords better than takeout, Fakeaway, Street Food

Tried this recipe?Mention @KitchenSanctuary or tag #KitchenSanctuary on
Instagram!

_Some of the links in this post may be affiliate links – which means if you
buy the product I get a small commission (at no extra cost to you). If you do
buy, then thank you! That’s what helps us to keep Kitchen Sanctuary running.
The nutritional information provided is approximate and can vary depending on
several factors. For more information please see ourTerms & Conditions._

#### Hi I’m Nicky

I love to cook and I want to share with you my favourite, delicious family
friendly recipes. I want to inspire you to create fantastic food for your
family every day.

Read More

« Broad Bean and Quinoa Caprese Salad

Chimichurri Steak Salad and an Announcement! »

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

### Other Recipes You Might Like:

Sticky Chinese Pork Belly

Ultimate Beef Massaman Curry Recipe

Thai Green Chicken Curry Recipe

Easy From Scratch Thai Yellow Curry With Fish

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Rate the recipe Rate the recipe  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

  1. Athena says

April 21, 2022 at 3:11 am

I’m so excited to try this recipe but I’ve got the attention span of a gnat.
Have you tried/do you have advice for doing the pork in the instant pot?

Reply

    * Sophie says

May 13, 2022 at 1:32 pm

  
Hi,  
We have made this on the stove before as per the instructions and absolutely
loved it! As I am cooking for a crowd tomorrow I would like to try the pork
belly in the counter-top slow cooker this time instead. Would the machine slow
cooking time be the same?  
Thanks!

Reply

      * Nicky Corbishley says

May 19, 2022 at 4:42 pm

Hi Sophie, you can do the first stage in the slow cooker. Cook on high for 4-5
hours or low for 6-7 hours. Keep an eye on the level of liquid and top up with
a little more if needed.

  2. Janeen says

March 10, 2022 at 7:12 pm

I am new to cooking and this looks so good... but could I make this with
chicken?

Reply

    * Nicky Corbishley says

April 02, 2022 at 2:11 pm

I wouldn't recommend slow cooking the chicken in the same way. You could
simply fry the chicken, then coat in the sauce though.

Reply

  3. Victoria says

January 28, 2022 at 1:32 pm

Hi! I am looking forward to making this recipe, I love Bao buns but my husband
is not a massive fan, whilst I have mine with the buns could you suggest
another of your recipes that would work well with the pork? thank you in
advance!

Reply

    * Nicky Corbishley says

January 29, 2022 at 12:20 pm

Hi Victoria, I'd serve it up with egg fried rice -
https://www.kitchensanctuary.com/egg-fried-rice/ or as burgers with pickled
veg: https://www.kitchensanctuary.com/sticky-belly-pork-burger-quick-pickled-
vegetables/ 🙂

Reply

  4. Jamila Zaidan says

December 18, 2021 at 8:57 am

  
Amazing 😍

Reply

  5. Louise says

November 24, 2021 at 3:02 am

  
Best bao bun recipe! I use this all the time as it’s high on my family’s list
of dinner ideas.  
The buns are always soft and fluffy and the pork is just delicious. Thanks

Reply

  6. Joren Van Severen says

September 26, 2021 at 11:18 am

We tried this yesterday, the filling was perfect, but the buns came out a
little weird, a bit saggy and undone. Steaming longer didn't help. We were a
bit rushed on proving time, so maybe that was the problem? or any tips? I'm
trying it again soon.

Reply

    * Nicky Corbishley says

September 26, 2021 at 1:51 pm

Hi Joren, proving could have been the problem.  
Also, if you use a stacked steam pan, it's a good idea to ensure the heat
isn't on too high, otherwise as the steam hits the lid of the pan it can turn
back to water and drip down on the buns. Maybe that could have been the
problem?  
I have a bao buns post with a video if you wanted to check the dough etc
looked the same as yours: https://www.kitchensanctuary.com/bao-buns/#watch-
how-to-make-it

Reply

  7. Jerónimo Barrera says

May 27, 2021 at 11:12 pm

En que tienda consigo los ingredientes vivo en Charlotte Nc

Reply

  8. Lisa S. says

February 18, 2021 at 11:07 pm

  
Thank you so much for this recipe! I looked so good I had to try making it,
even though when I have eaten steamed buns out, I was not that enthusiastic
about it. However, these were AMAZING! Not sure if this added flavor, but I
used the same water where the pork was slow cooked as the base to steam the
buns, and it gave them so much flavor.

Reply

  9. Jean M. Amina says

January 01, 2021 at 3:30 pm

I made your recipe for the filling and the slaw. I cooked the pork belly
slices after sauteeing them in the broth with the other ingredients. After
almost 3 hrs of simmering, I still had a lot of liquid and the pork never got
sticky. The taste was good, but presentation lacked. The slaw was very good
and well received. I almost added more brown sugar but wanted to follow the
recipe exactly to see the result. Any suggestions to get it to look like your
photo would be appreciated.

Reply

    * Nicky Corbishley says

January 08, 2021 at 2:43 pm

Hi Jean, the pork should be simmered in the broth for 2 hours, then you drain
off the liquid (end of step 5), then fry the pork initially with a little oil,
then with the glaze (steps 10 and 11) until sticky.

Reply

  10. Chase says

December 31, 2020 at 11:38 pm

  
Everything but the pork is great. 2 hours is way too long to simmer pork
belly. It's stringy and inedible by the time it is browned and covered in
sauce.

Reply

    * Nicky Corbishley says

January 08, 2021 at 2:48 pm

Sorry to hear that Chase, I've never had my pork turn out stringy. There's a
lot of fat in pork belly, and the 2 hour cooking time is to help render some
of that fat and make the pork itself very tender.  
Were you using thick strips of pork belly?

Reply

  11. Jessica says

December 12, 2020 at 3:34 am

  
This recipe is fabulous! The buns are perfection.

Size-wise, the buns were much larger than what we're used to going out - next
time, I'll make 20 medium buns instead of 10 extra-large buns. Just one note
on the pork belly... I'm not sure if mine was fattier than most people's but
we definitely did not have anywhere close enough to fill the buns. I had 4
buns left over because all of the pork belly was gone. Next time I'd double
that.

Other than that, cannot say enough good things about this recipe! Highly
recommend.

Reply

  12. Kate says

November 14, 2020 at 3:56 pm

  
Hello! I can't wait to make this!! However I only have boneless pork boston
butt not pork belly. Can I cook this the same as your instructions?

Reply

  13. Allison says

October 27, 2020 at 3:02 pm

Hi,  
Do I use Mirin or Chinese rice cooking wine?  
Thank you

Reply

  14. Zee says

October 25, 2020 at 11:46 pm

  
That was our dinner tonight and what a beautiful tasty one! Easy and fun
recipes to follow... thank you x

Reply

  15. Ben says

October 21, 2020 at 3:29 pm

Hi,  
Great looking recipe, one question: Do you recommend the same amount of steam
time if you have one of thos NEFF steam ovens?

Reply

    * Nicky Corbishley says

October 22, 2020 at 12:42 pm

Hi Ben, in a Neff full steam oven they should cook in about 12-13 minutes at
100C full steam.

Reply

« Older Comments

## Primary Sidebar

#### Hi I’m Nicky

I love to cook and I want to share with you my favourite, delicious family
friendly recipes. I want to inspire you to create fantastic food for your
family every day.

Read More

### Recipes by category:

  *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   * 

__Search For a Recipe

### Our Top Trending Recipes:

  * Crispy Sesame Chicken with a Sticky Asian Sauce

  * Honey Garlic Chicken

  * The Best Crispy Roast Potatoes

  * Cheesy Pasta Bake With Chicken And Bacon

  * Easy Chicken Curry

  * Easy Satay Sauce Recipe

  * Korean Fried Chicken

  * Creamy Tuna Pasta Bake

### **FREE recipes direct to your inbox!**

Never miss a recipe and sign up for our completely FREE emails.

Subscribe

### Featured Recipes:

  * Chilli Con Carne

  * Traditional Lancashire Hotpot

  * Creamy Chicken Pot Pie

  * Egg Fried Rice

  * Korean Fried Chicken

  * Copycat Firecracker Chicken

  * Buffalo Chicken Pasta

  * Slow Cooker Spicy Chicken Curry

###### As Featured On

## Footer

Nicky Corbishley is the recipe creator and photographer for Kitchen Sanctuary.
Wife to Chris (chief techie and videographer) and mum to Lewis and Gracey.
Read More…

### Most Recent Recipes

  * Homemade Peshwari Naan Recipe
  * Salmon Rigatoni in a Creamy Tomato Sauce
  * Sticky Chinese Pork Belly
  * Slow Cooker Beef Short Ribs with Rich Gravy
  * Simple Pesto Recipe

Copyright (C) 2022 LoveFoodCreative Ltd - Privacy Policy \- Cookie Policy \-
Terms & Conditions

