https://drizzleanddip.com/2014/08/18/gua-bao-with-slow-cooker-hoisin-ginger-pulled-pork/


__

  * Home
  * About
    * About Sam
    * My Books
    * Press
  * Recipes

    1. Baking
    2. 5 ingredients or less
    3. healthy eating
    4. vegetarian
    5. drinks
    6. video
    7. View All

The best hummingbird sheet cake

July 8, 2022

My perfect cheese scones

June 11, 2022

Pink meringues with pomegranate syrup

May 10, 2022

Rum & raisin fudgy brownies

April 14, 2022

A decadent chocolate cake

April 9, 2022

The best tomato galette

March 11, 2022

Profiterole wreath with cherries

December 15, 2021

My best carrot cake recipe

December 3, 2021

Rum & raisin chocolate truffles

May 16, 2022

Baked apples with brandy-soaked raisins

December 22, 2021

Kiwi sorbet with lemon

October 28, 2021

Easy garlic roasted artichokes

August 12, 2021

Warm salad with broccoli, new potatoes, artichoke, pesto & egg

July 30, 2021

Salad of slow-roasted tomatoes with mozzarella & basil

February 22, 2021

Asparagus with anchovy butter & Parmesan

February 1, 2021

Jamie Oliver’s gnarly peanut chicken with lime & chilli

August 18, 2020

7 delicious winter soups

July 11, 2022

Baked whole trout with herbs & lemon

July 5, 2022

Green goddess BLT pasta salad

March 3, 2022

Ottolenghi’s roast chicken & 3 rice salad

February 7, 2022

Berry smoothie bowls with banana

November 24, 2021

Crispy flatbread with roasted vegetables & steak

November 3, 2021

Kiwi sorbet with lemon

October 28, 2021

Honey & nut granola with raisins

October 22, 2021

Rigatoni alla Norma recipe

June 8, 2022

Sweet potato gnocchi with creamy mushrooms

May 31, 2022

Passion fruit popsicles (granadilla)

February 18, 2022

Spinach & 3 cheese phyllo pie

February 1, 2022

Butter fried raisins on ricotta toast

December 6, 2021

Honey & almond Hasselback butternut

November 30, 2021

Berry smoothie bowls with banana

November 24, 2021

Cheesy baked gnocchi with creamy tomato & spinach

November 22, 2021

How to make the best martini

July 6, 2021

Lemon sorbet infused with thyme

November 21, 2020

mango mojito with jalapeño & mint

January 25, 2019

Berry smoothie with banana

February 16, 2018

warm cocktail with lapsang souchong tea, whisky & lemon cordial

September 11, 2017

gin & tonic with lemon cordial & rosemary

September 5, 2017

mixed berry margarita with jalapeño

September 1, 2017

rooibos & mint iced tea with lychee, lemon & ginger

August 31, 2017

chicken & dumplings in the Instant Pot {video}

June 25, 2019

lamb shanks with red wine & rosemary

April 10, 2019

tomato tart tatin with basil & parmesan

January 21, 2019

bang bang cauliflower with a spicy dipping sauce

August 14, 2018

melon, mozzarella & parma ham salad with a honey & mustard vinaigrette + an
italian feast

April 26, 2017

hot cross bun french toast waffles

April 11, 2017

how to make menemen the most delicious turkish scrambled eggs

March 1, 2017

cappuccino à la rose

December 6, 2016

7 delicious winter soups

July 11, 2022

The best hummingbird sheet cake

July 8, 2022

Baked whole trout with herbs & lemon

July 5, 2022

Air fryer roast chicken

June 23, 2022

My perfect cheese scones

June 11, 2022

Rigatoni alla Norma recipe

June 8, 2022

Sweet potato gnocchi with creamy mushrooms

May 31, 2022

Chicken Normandy recipe

May 19, 2022

__Previous __Next

  * Travel

    1. South Africa
    2. International
    3. View All

The Bailey opens in Cape Town

July 6, 2022

Epice in Franschhoek

June 13, 2022

A weekend in Franschhoek

June 13, 2022

A stay at the Grande Roche

June 6, 2022

Post & Pepper opens in Stellenbosch

March 23, 2022

Dinner at La Colombe

February 28, 2022

The Harvest Table at the Belmond Mount Nelson

February 3, 2022

Maison Deniz in Noordhoek

January 30, 2022

Constance Belle Mare Plage in Mauritius

April 28, 2022

Constance Culinary Festival Mauritius

April 26, 2022

the lovely angama mara in the maasai mara

August 12, 2019

eat paris

October 23, 2018

Paris, je t'aime

October 23, 2018

artisan lofts in paris

October 23, 2018

visit amsterdam

July 3, 2018

visit foodhallen in amsterdam

June 20, 2018

The Bailey opens in Cape Town

July 6, 2022

Epice in Franschhoek

June 13, 2022

A weekend in Franschhoek

June 13, 2022

A stay at the Grande Roche

June 6, 2022

Constance Belle Mare Plage in Mauritius

April 28, 2022

Constance Culinary Festival Mauritius

April 26, 2022

Post & Pepper opens in Stellenbosch

March 23, 2022

Dinner at La Colombe

February 28, 2022

__Previous __Next

  * Restaurants
    * My Cape Town Eating Guide
    * Restaurants
  * Photography
    * Gallery
    * Portfolio
  * Index
    * Recipe Index
    * All Blog Posts
    * Conversion Table
  * Shop

__ 0 Shopping Cart

__

In General

# gua bao with slow cooker hoisin & ginger pulled pork

August 18, 2014 42 Comments

Yes, this gua bao with hoisin and ginger pulled pork is definitely right up
there amongst the tastiest and most interesting things I've made in a while.
The pork cooks in a slow cooker for about 9 hours, so virtually no effort is
required. It pulls apart into its own completely delicious sweet and spicy
sauce. The steamed buns need a little effort, but after two tries, both
successful, I will definitely be making these again.

I made the pulled pork in the Breville _  Slow Cooker and_ was the first
recipe I have ever made in such an appliance. I am sold. You put all the
ingredients into the pot; turn it on low and go to sleep. When you wake up the
next day, your house smells like something amazing happened and all you do is
turn it off and you are ready to go.

This makes more pulled pork than the recipe for 12 buns requires. I feel it's
worth making a bigger portion as it's so delicious. You could double up on the
buns, or freeze off any leftover pork. It lasts for days and there are so many
exciting ways to use it up.

On my first test, I used a 3.5kg bone-in shoulder of pork or Boston Butt. The
second time it was about 3kg, trimmed and without the bone. Both are awesome,
but I think it's easier to just ask the butcher to do all the work. I tweaked
the seasonings for my second test and am happy to say I have arrived at a
perfect recipe for me. I love the flavour the hoisin delivers and I have kept
it fairly mild with only one teaspoon of dried chilli flakes. I actually used
smoked dried chilli flakes, but you could add more, or chilli powder if you
wanted to ramp up the heat levels.

I made the steamed buns in my stand mixer using the paddle attachment and
dough hook. It pretty much does all the dirty work. It then just requires two
separate proving stages. The milk powder is important, although on my second
test I left it out by mistake. The buns still rose but the texture changed
somewhat and I prefer the results with the powder. I steamed the buns in the
_Breville Multi Chef_ using the steamer basket. Easy peasy.

Print

## gua bao with hoisin and ginger pulled pork

Print Recipe

  * **Author:** Sam Linsell

### Ingredients

**Pulled pork with hoisin and ginger**

1 x 3kg – 3.5kg pork shoulder / Boston butt, fat trimmed

2tsp five spice powder

salt and pepper

1tsp dried chili flakes or smoked chilli flakes

2Tbsp grated fresh ginger (about 10cm piece of ginger)

6 – 8 cloves garlic sliced

300ml hoisin sauce

250ml (1 cup) ginger beer

Serve with a lightly dressed cabbage slaw, slices of fresh cucumber, pickled
carrots, fresh coriander and hot sauce such as Sriracha

**Slaw + dressing**

2Tbsp lime huice

2Tbsp lemon juice

2Tbsp rice vinegar

1tsp sugar

2 cups finely shredded cabbage

**Steamed buns – gua bao dough**

200ml water, at room temperature

10gm instant dry yeast (I sachet)

300g all purpose wheat flour (cake flour)

10gm milk powder

4Tbsp caster sugar

A pinch of salt  

½ tsp baking powder

½ tsp baking soda

### Instructions

Rub the pork generously with salt, pepper, five-spice, chilli, and ginger.
Place in the main pot of the slow cooker and allow to marinate for about an
hour.

Pour over the hoisin sauce, ginger beer, and add the garlic. Turn it onto
slow, cover, and cook for about 8 – 9 hours depending on the size of your
pork. Once cooked, turn off and allow cool. Remove the meat, place it on a
tray, and shred it with forks. It will literally pull part.

Pour the sauce over it and keep anything leftover in a pot for later if
desired.

To make the slaw, mix all the dressing ingredients together and toss with 2
cups of finely shredded cabbage.

To make the dough, add yeast to the water in the bowl of the stand mixer and
allow it to activate for about 10 minutes.

Use the paddle attachment, add the rest of the dry ingredients and mix briefly
until you have a dough. Scrape the paddle, attach the dough hook and continue
kneading for about 5 minutes. Remove from the bowl onto a floured surface and
briefly knead to form a round dough ball that is springy to the touch.

Place this in a greased bowl, cover it with a sheet of greased cling film and
allow it to prove in a warm place for about an hour. It should double in size.

Pinch back the risen dough on a floured surface and roll this into a log
shape. Divide this into 12 equal parts. Roll each of these parts into a ball
and place it on a floured tray. Cover with a tea towel and allow to prove for
a second time for around 30 minutes. It should double in size again.

While this is proving, cut out twelve 8cmx8cm squares of baking paper. Fill
the Breville steamer with water and set it to STEAM.

Roll a bun into an oval shape, dip a chopstick into a bottle of oil and fold
the two pieces over this stick, which you then slide out. Place this folded
piece of dough on a piece of baking paper. Repeat with all 12 pieces.

Steam the buns 3 at a time in the steamer for 5 minutes. They will be firm to
the touch and cooked through. Repeat until they are all cooked.

To assemble the gua bao, add sliced cucumber and pickle to the bottom of the
bun, fill with pulled pork, and finish off with the dressed slaw and fresh
coriander Add a drizzle of hot sauce if you like.

_**Keywords:** gua bao, hoisin, ginger beer, pulled pork_

### Did you make this recipe?

Tag @Drizzleanddip on Instagram and hashtag it #drizzleanddiprecipes

**This post has been sponsored by Breville South Africa. I'm working with the
Marketing team on a wonderful project to develop recipes for these incredible
appliances.

**You might also like:**

Pork carnitas tacos

Instant pot crispy pork belly

Slow roasted pork belly with ginger beer - Jamie Oliver

Easy pork pies with sage & apple





I look forward to connecting with you again in the future.

Visit my Drizzle and Dip Facebook page or Pinterest  and Instagram

SaveSave

ginger pulled porkGua baohoisinrecipesteamed buns

________

#### Related Posts

### The best hummingbird sheet cake

July 8, 2022

### Sweet potato gnocchi with creamy mushrooms

May 31, 2022

### Chicken Normandy recipe

May 19, 2022

####  42 Comments

  1. Lori 8 years ago 

Beautiful work and they look so divine!  
I am going to try out that ginger pulled pork as well - sounds right up my
alley

  2. Suné Moolman 8 years ago 

Oh my goodness Sam, this is just too much for me to handle on a Monday.  
I'm speechless, and drooling on my keyboard.  
Utter brilliance! Those buns!!

  3. Kerry 8 years ago 

Yum…definitely going to try this one!

  4. Gemma 8 years ago 

Wow.wow.wow.  
I have a piece of pork in the freezer that has been waiting for inspiration -
yaye! Loving the flavour combos, dare i say it I was getting fed up with bbq
flavour!

  5. Sam Post Author 8 years ago 

Thanks Sune. It seems complex but is really rather easy

  6. Sam Post Author 8 years ago 

Awesome Gemma enjoy. Hoisin is at least a nice Asian flavour BBQ. A little
different.

  7. Sam Post Author 8 years ago 

Thanks Lori, have you used a slow cooker before? Im now a fan of this
appliance.  
s x

  8. Victoria of Flavors of the Sun 8 years ago 

I lit up when I saw this recipe-looks absolutely wonderful. I always thought
that since the bulk of the meals I prepare that aren't from my classes are
vegetarian (the rest of my family is vegetarian),that I really don't need a
slow cooker. I might be wrong on this though…

  9. Sam Post Author 8 years ago 

Hi Victoria, I think it's mainly for meat, but I reckon a lot of vegetables
will do with some slow braising. I'll investigate.

  10. Carolie de Koster 8 years ago 

This is stunning Sam! You are such an artist never mind chef and photographer!
Will have to make it soon!

C xxx

  11. Alanna 8 years ago 

These look incredible! Your photography is over the top amazing. 🙂

  12. Jason @ Plenty Of Zest 8 years ago 

These look amazing, Sam. I was working on a similar recipe (though with more
of a char siu style flavour) a while back but haven't nailed it yet. I think I
should try your version!

  13. Sam Post Author 8 years ago 

Hi Jason, I love char siu and also dying to make with pork belly. I think this
might be a little easier.

  14. Sam Post Author 8 years ago 

Thanks so much Alanna 🙂

  15. Sam Post Author 8 years ago 

Thanks so much Carolie, that is very kind  
Sam xx

  16. Tony 8 years ago 

hi sam, looks and reads so tasty. i've adding this to my to-do list for the
week.  
3kg – 3.5kg pork shoulder seems like a lot of meat for the 12 buns. was there
a lot leftover?

  17. Sam Post Author 8 years ago 

Hi Tony, yes correct. My sense is you need to do a big pulled pork if you are
going to fill the slow cooker, so yes, it uses up about half. I froze off a
few leftover portions, but really its too delicious to nibble on leftovers. If
you did a 3kg bone in - there wouldnt be as much left over, but I find hte
deboned and trimmed much better value. I will also add this into the post.  
Thanks  
sam

  18. Dianne Bibby 8 years ago 

Hi Sam. Looks utterly delicious as always. So clever the handy tip on dividing
the bun!

  19. Thalia @ butter and brioche 8 years ago 

loving returning to your site as i always pick up new and delicious recipe
ideas. i definitely will be recreating these gua bao buns tonight, they take
me back to my childhood when my chinese grandfather used to make them for me!
thanks for the inspiration!

  20. Gaby 8 years ago 

Oh my!!! The photos look amazing, would love to try one of those!!

  21. Sam Post Author 8 years ago 

Thanks Gaby 🙂

  22. Wendy 8 years ago 

Hi Sam,

I have made your pulled pork from your Drizzel and Dip book ( I use all the
time) and am going to do it for my daughters engagement party in two weeks,
now i have seen this reciepe of yours and am panicing, is it better than your
other one?  
also the slaw looks great, might change that part ?  
kind regards  
Wendy

  23. Sam Post Author 8 years ago 

Hi Wendy, Im so very glad to hear you are enjoying my book and like my pulled
pork. The recipe for hoisin is modelled around that but the Hoisin gives it a
more Asian flavour, and a sticky sweet BBQ sauce element. I also did that in
the slow cooker. Both are nice. The book one is a little lighter.Why dont you
give hte hoisin one a try and see which is better?

let me know if you do, Id love to hear.  
best  
Sam

  24. Wendy 8 years ago 

hi Sam  
Thanks for taking the trouble to reply,  
I dont have time to try the new one, if I add the Hoisin Sause to your
original recipy, will that work? love the idea of the stickyness, and love
your flavors in the first one,you really are a brillant cook:)  
Thanks  
Wendy

  25. Sam Post Author 8 years ago 

Hi Wedndy - you could add a bottle of hoisin if you like. Im sure it wold be
delicious.

  26. itsssmonica 7 years ago 

HI! Where is this baseboard/background from? They are so, so gorgeous!!!!

  27. Kim 7 years ago 

Sam, this site has been my 'go to' site for years. Your recipes just work and
this one is no exception. I made it for the book club girls on Thursday night
and it was a real hit (in fact I've never seen them eat so much before 🙂 I
loved it) A few of the girls could not wait to make this for their families on
Sunday. One even sent me a photo of her pulled pork and it had me wishing that
I still had some left overs in the fridge…… Thank you for sharing and being so
generous.

  28. Sam Post Author 7 years ago 

Thanks so much for he lovely comment and Im so glad you all liked my recipe as
much as I did. The pleasure is all mine.  
best xx

  29. Steph 7 years ago 

I made this for dinner last night and it was delicious. Today I need to figure
out what to make with the left over pulled pork. The pressure is on as last
nights was so good. Thanks!! X

  30. Sam Post Author 7 years ago 

Glad you enjoyed it it Steph and found some uses for the leftover pulled pork.

  31. Karen 6 years ago 

I don't have a slow cooker, do you think I could put it into a Wonderbag or
cook it in the oven? If so, what oven temp would you recommend?

  32. Sam Post Author 6 years ago 

HI karen. I have no idea as I havent teste this recipe in the wonder bag. You
could give it a go.

  33. Anna 6 years ago 

I only made this yesterday. Wish I'd done so much sooner. Made exactly as per
the recipe (even the steamed buns) and was DELICIOUS. Thank you, Sam!

  34. MIke 5 years ago 

Hi Wendy,  
We are interested in trying this recipe. Do you think we can make it a day
ahead and then just warm it in the slow cooker the next day to serve? if that
doesn't work, to save time do you think we can marinate it over night? Thank
you for your help.  
Mike

  35. Sam Post Author 5 years ago 

Hi, yes, you could definitely make this before. But why not just start the
cooking the number of hours before you need it? this cooks itself which is the
awesome part.

  36. Marta 3 years ago 

Hi. I loved your recipe as soon as I saw it on Pinterest! I know it’s been few
years but maybe You’ll see my comment. I just have two questions. Are buns
freezer friendly? And second did You maybe had a chance to try it in the oven?
I come from a country where slow cookers aren’t really popular and I wanted to
try it in my normal oven.

Thanks  
Have a lovely day  
Marta

  37. Sam Post Author 3 years ago 

Hi Marta, thanks so much and glad you like it. Yes, the buns freeze very well
after steaming (like all bread) - perhaps just separate with pieces of baking
paper to prevent sticking, or freeze in a single layer first then you can bag
them and they won't stick.  
I have cooked something similar in the oven. Keep the same rub, then use 750ml
(3 cups ginger beer) and I cup hoisin sauce then cook at 170C for 7 hours.
Loosely cover with tin foil to prevent over browning. When the pork has
cooked, the sauce would have reduced and thickened. Pull the pork off the bone
in strands and then pour back the sauce over. I hope you love it

  38. Marta 3 years ago 

Thank You sooo much!! I’m doing it tomorrow! Fingers crossed 🙂  
Marta

  39. Nate 2 months ago 

Quick question. When it first says to let marinate for 1 hour, is that just
with the dry spices on or with added wet ingredients?

  40. Sam Post Author 2 months ago 

Hi Nate. Yes, you toss the meat in the dry spices, allow to marinate for an
hour (you could also do this longer or overnight in the fridge for even more
flavour penetration) then add the other ingredients

  41. Gemma 3 days ago 

Hello,

I'm wanting to try this in my pressure cooker rather than slow cooker. Would
you suggest any adjustments to the recipe? The cook time? Amount of liquid?

Gemma

  42. Sam Post Author 2 hours ago 

Hi Gemma

I have done this recipe in a pressure cooker too - see
here:https://drizzleanddip.com/2017/08/20/gua-bao-with-hoisin-and-ginger-beer-
pulled-pork-in-the-slow-pressure-cooker/?swcfpc=1

Enjoy and let me know if you make it

### Write A Comment

Recipe rating _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

  * I'm Sam, a professional food stylist, recipe developer and food photographer hunting down the delicious things in life.

Read More

__ Facebook __ Twitter __ Instagram __ Pinterest __ RSS

  * Comfort is a collection of 42 deliciously nostalgic and familiar recipes designed with the pure pleasure of eating in mind.

  

__PURCHASE NOW

  * ##### Sign up to the Drizzle & Dip  
newsletter for regular updates

__SUBSCRIBE BY EMAIL

  * ##### Explore

Dessert

Vegetarian

Breakfast

Chicken

Drinks

  * ##### Search for recipes

Search for: __

  * ##### Latest on Pinterest

|  
  
More Pins  
---  
  *   * ##### All Categories

All Categories Select Category cook books cooks and chefs food shops & markets
General hotels parties & events photography recipes    5 ingredients or less ~
super easy    baking    Chicken    drinks    healthy eating    vegan
vegetarian    video restaurants travel    International    South Africa wine

  * ##### Archives by Month

Archives by Month Select Month July 2022  June 2022  May 2022  April 2022
March 2022  February 2022  January 2022  December 2021  November 2021  October
2021  September 2021  August 2021  July 2021  June 2021  May 2021  April 2021
March 2021  February 2021  January 2021  December 2020  November 2020  October
2020  September 2020  August 2020  July 2020  June 2020  May 2020  April 2020
March 2020  February 2020  January 2020  December 2019  November 2019  October
2019  September 2019  August 2019  July 2019  June 2019  May 2019  April 2019
March 2019  February 2019  January 2019  December 2018  November 2018  October
2018  September 2018  August 2018  July 2018  June 2018  May 2018  April 2018
March 2018  February 2018  January 2018  December 2017  November 2017  October
2017  September 2017  August 2017  July 2017  June 2017  May 2017  April 2017
March 2017  February 2017  January 2017  December 2016  November 2016  October
2016  September 2016  August 2016  July 2016  June 2016  May 2016  April 2016
March 2016  February 2016  January 2016  December 2015  November 2015  October
2015  September 2015  August 2015  July 2015  June 2015  May 2015  April 2015
March 2015  February 2015  January 2015  December 2014  November 2014  October
2014  September 2014  August 2014  July 2014  June 2014  May 2014  April 2014
March 2014  February 2014  January 2014  December 2013  November 2013  October
2013  September 2013  August 2013  July 2013  June 2013  May 2013  April 2013
March 2013  February 2013  January 2013  December 2012  November 2012  October
2012  September 2012  August 2012  July 2012  June 2012  May 2012  April 2012
March 2012  February 2012  January 2012  December 2011  November 2011  October
2011  September 2011  August 2011  July 2011  June 2011  May 2011  April 2011
March 2011  February 2011  January 2011  December 2010  November 2010  October
2010  September 2010  August 2010  July 2010  June 2010  May 2010  April 2010
March 2010  February 2010  January 2010  December 2009

  * ##### Popular Posts

    * The best South African crunchie recipe
    * vanilla snap biscuits: a delicious little cookie
    * Jamie Oiver's fantastic fish pie
    * the perfect paloma cocktail
    * Muesli rusks with oats & raisins
  * * * *

Miss the old blog style? Read it here.



On Instagram __@drizzleanddip

I went to check out the @thebaileyonbree Street th

This whole baked trout with herbs and lemon is my

I take the new @instantpotsa Vortex ClearCook Dual

Winter means French onion soup, and this is my bes

© 2020 Sam Linsell | Drizzle & Dip

  * __ Facebook
  * __ Twitter
  * __ Instagram
  * __ Pinterest

__

  * Home
  * About
    * About Sam
    * My Books
    * Press
  * Recipes
    * Baking
    * 5 ingredients or less
    * healthy eating
    * vegetarian
    * drinks
    * video
  * Travel
    * South Africa
    * International
  * Restaurants
    * My Cape Town Eating Guide
    * Restaurants
  * Photography
    * Gallery
    * Portfolio
  * Index
    * Recipe Index
    * All Blog Posts
    * Conversion Table
  * Shop

