https://www.myrecipes.com/recipe/steamed-pork-buns-char-siu-bao


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

MyRecipes MyRecipes

  * Course
  * Baking
  * Global
  * Healthy
  * Favorite Ingredients
  * Holidays and Occasions
  * Quick and Easy
  * Convenience Recipes
  * BBQ and Grilling
  * How To
  * Extra Crispy
  * News

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Account

  * Register
  * Newsletters
  * Email Preferences
  * Logout

Login

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore MyRecipes

MyRecipes MyRecipes

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * 55+ Easy Dinner Recipes for Busy Weeknights

####  55+ Easy Dinner Recipes for Busy Weeknights

Everybody understands the stuggle of getting dinner on the table after a long
day. If you're looking for a simple recipe to simplify your weeknight, you've
come to the right place--easy dinners are our specialty. For an easy supper
that you can depend on, we picked out some of our tried-and-true favorites
that have gotten us through even the busiest of days. Whether you're cooking
for yourself or for a family, these easy dinners are sure to leave everyone
satisfied and stress-free.  Read More

    * The Brilliant Secret to Making Better Mashed Potatoes

####  The Brilliant Secret to Making Better Mashed Potatoes

Trust me, it's so worth it.  Read More

    * 65 Super Easy Finger Foods to Make for Any Party

####  65 Super Easy Finger Foods to Make for Any Party

From chips and dip to one-bite apps, finger foods are the perfect way to kick
off a party. No forks or spoons required, just easy-to-pick-up party foods, so
you can clean up in no time.  Read More

  * Course

### Course

See All Course

    * Best Appetizer Recipes...Ever
    * Best Drink Recipes for Any Occasion
    * Salad Recipes
    * The Ultimate Guide to Sensational Sides
    * Soup and Stew Recipes
    * Easy Entertaining for Everyone
    * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes
    * Main Dishes and Entrees
    * Dinner Recipes
    * Dessert Recipes

  * Baking

### Baking

See All Baking

    * Bread Recipes
    * Our Most-Loved Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Pie Recipes

  * Global

### Global

See All Global

    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes
    * Middle Eastern Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Malaysian Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * Chinese Recipes
    * African Recipes
    * American Recipes
    * Cajun and Creole Recipes
    * Caribbean Recipes
    * South American Recipes
    * Southern Recipes
    * German Recipes

  * Healthy

### Healthy

See All Healthy

    * Easy, Healthy Recipes
    * Healthy Breakfasts
    * Healthy Dinners
    * Healthy Desserts
    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Diet and Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Low Carbohydrate Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Favorite Ingredients

### Favorite Ingredients

See All Favorite Ingredients

    * The Ultimate Guide to Chicken
    * Vegetable Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Cheese Recipes
    * Chocolate Recipes
    * Pasta Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Holidays and Occasions

### Holidays and Occasions

See All Holidays and Occasions

    * A Foodie's Guide to Halloween Recipes
    * The Ultimate Thanksgiving Guide
    * Hanukkah Recipes
    * Your Ultimate Christmas Recipe Guide
    * Our Most Festive New Year's Recipes
    * Best-Ever Super Bowl Sunday Recipes
    * Best Valentine's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * The Ultimate Guide to Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Labor Day Recipes
    * The Ultimate Fourth of July Guide
    * Memorial Day Recipes
    * Touchdown-Worthy Tailgate Recipes
    * Wedding and Shower Recipes

  * Quick and Easy

### Quick and Easy

See All Quick and Easy

    * 15-Minute Recipes for Busy Home Cooks
    * 5 Ingredients or Less
    * Dinner Tonight
    * No-Cook Recipes
    * 45-Minute Recipes

  * Convenience Recipes

### Convenience Recipes

See All Convenience Recipes

    * Budget-Friendly Recipes
    * Our Top Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Our Favorite Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes

  * BBQ and Grilling

### BBQ and Grilling

See All BBQ and Grilling

    * Grilled Beef Recipes
    * Grilled Fish Recipes
    * Grilled Shrimp Recipes
    * Grilled Chicken Recipes
    * Grilled Pork Recipes
    * Grilled Vegetable Recipes

  * How To

### How To

See All How To

    * 7 Ways With...
    * Videos
    * Ingredients and Tools
    * Kitchen Cleaning

  * Extra Crispy
  * News

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Account

  * Register
  * Newsletters
  * Email Preferences
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Steamed Pork Buns (Char Siu Bao)

# Steamed Pork Buns (Char Siu Bao)

Rating: 5 stars

28 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 22 
  * 4 star values: 6 
  * 3 star values: 0 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 28 Ratings 
  * 25 Reviews 

These buns are a grab-and-go street food in China. They were also popular in
our Test Kitchens, where they earned our highest rating. Use a multitray
bamboo steamer so you can cook all the buns at one time. To make them up to
two months ahead, fill the dough, and freeze unsteamed buns on a tray in the
freezer before placing them in a freezer-safe zip-top plastic bag. Steam
directly from the freezer for an additional five minutes. This Chinese recipe
is proof you don't have to get takeout to enjoy the fine cuisine. Serve these
for a meal or as a fantastic appetizer for entertaining.

By Bruce Weinstein and Mark Scarbrough

Recipe by Cooking Light May 2008

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Steamed Pork Buns (Char Siu Bao)

Credit: Becky Luigart-Stayner; Styling: Cindy Barr

## Recipe Summary

Yield:

10 servings (serving size: 1 bun)

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * Filling: 
  * ½ teaspoon five-spice powder 
  * 1 pound pork tenderloin, trimmed 
  * Cooking spray 
  * 1 cup thinly sliced green onions 
  * 3 tablespoons hoisin sauce 
  * 2 tablespoons rice vinegar 
  * 1 tablespoon low-sodium soy sauce 
  * 1 ½ teaspoons honey 
  * 1 teaspoon minced peeled fresh ginger 
  * 1 teaspoon minced garlic 
  * ¼ teaspoon salt 
  * Dough: 
  * 1 cup warm water (100° to 110°) 
  * 3 tablespoons sugar 
  * 1 package dry yeast (about 2 1/4 teaspoons) 
  * 3 ¼ cups all-purpose flour (about 14 2/3 ounces) 
  * 3 tablespoons canola oil 
  * ¼ teaspoon salt 
  * 1 ½ teaspoons baking powder 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

To prepare the filling, rub five-spice powder evenly over pork. Heat a grill
pan over medium-high heat. Coat the pan with cooking spray. Add pork to pan;
cook 18 minutes or until a thermometer registers 155°, turning pork
occasionally. Remove pork from pan, and let stand 15 minutes.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Cut pork crosswise into thin slices; cut slices into thin strips. Place pork
in a medium bowl. Add onions and next 7 ingredients (through 1/4 teaspoon
salt); stir well to combine. Cover and refrigerate.

  * Step 3

To prepare dough, combine 1 cup warm water, sugar, and yeast in a large bowl;
let stand 5 minutes.

  * Step 4

Lightly spoon flour into dry measuring cups; level with a knife. Add flour,
oil, and 1/4 teaspoon salt to yeast mixture; stir until a soft dough forms.
Turn dough out onto a lightly floured surface. Knead until smooth and elastic
(about 10 minutes). Place dough in a large bowl coated with cooking spray,
turning to coat top. Cover and let rise in a warm place (85°), free from
drafts, 1 hour or until doubled in size. (Gently press two fingers into dough.
If indentation remains, dough has risen enough.)

  * Step 5

Punch dough down; let rest 5 minutes. Turn dough out onto a clean surface;
knead in baking powder. Let dough rest 5 minutes.

  * Step 6

Divide dough into 10 equal portions, forming each into a ball. Working with
one dough ball at a time (cover remaining dough balls to keep from drying),
roll ball into a 5-inch circle. Place 1/4 cup filling in center of dough
circle. Bring up sides to cover filling and meet on top. Pinch and seal closed
with a twist. Repeat procedure with remaining dough balls and filling.

  * Step 7

Arrange 5 buns seam side down, 1 inch apart, in each tier of a 2-tiered bamboo
steamer. Stack tiers; cover with lid.

  * Step 8

Add water to a large skillet to a depth of 1 inch; bring to a boil over
medium-high heat. Place steamer in pan; steam 15 minutes or until puffed and
set. Cool 10 minutes before serving.

##  Chef's Notes

Kick up the spice level with some red chili peppers, cilantro, or jalapeños.
Tiny cubed cucumbers make a fresh, crunchy addition to this Asian favorite.
Hint: The beauty of this recipe is that you don't have to stick with pork.
Make it a veggie, bean or even seafood bun.

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

259 calories; calories from fat 21%; fat 6.1g; saturated fat 0.9g; mono fat
3.2g; poly fat 1.5g; protein 14.3g; carbohydrates 35.7g; fiber 1.6g;
cholesterol 27mg; iron 2.9mg; sodium 343mg; calcium 54mg.

Advertisement

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews (25)

Add Rating & Review

Sort by:  Newest

Newest Oldest

erihanzgmailcom

Rating: 4 stars

07/15/2022

I made these as appetizers for a party I was hosting. This was years ago now.
Everyone loved them. I haven't made them in a while and realized I lost the
recipe. So happy to find it here! Finally will make again this weekend. The
one thing I remember is that the bun to meat ratio was off but that of been my
fault having never made these before. More meat, less bun. I've eaten a lot of
Banh Bao (Vietnamese steamed buns) lately so I think I have a better
understanding of this type of food. Thanks for a great recipe!

MyRecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

11/12/2021

How can i adapt this to chicken please  
Thanks

MyRecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

03/17/2021

I signed up here purely to offer a review. I/We love this recipe & thank-you
for it ⭐ it's simple & works. I made the dough , leaving yeast to activate as
per recipe in bowl1 & I threw some cooked left over pork belly from last
night's meal (removing crackle) in bowl2 FYI was less than the amount in the
recipe stil its an awesome way to use leftovers:) which works brilliantly,
then adding all the marinade as suggested subbing, plain white vinegar, ginger
in a jar, to meat stir then returned to bubbly yeast adding all the dough
ingredients incl baking powder (sorry:) FYI I simplify anything & everything
possible & I'm 120% sure the recipe without changing would stil be
outstanding👍It doubled+within an hour in my hot water cupboard. After which I
just punched it & headed straight to filling & steaming without resting in a
steel steamer lined with baking paper voila :) Dinner sorted for 4. My 3 year
old son enjoyed an entire bun while I devoured each bite!!! YUM YUM & YUM. It
IS an absolutely delicious recipe which ended up looking like I bought it from
the store only tasting better so WOW!!!! Thank-you for making my life a little
bit easier & bringing smiles to my Whanau (family)  
Ae, Kia Ora

RecipeExplorer

Rating: 5 stars

11/24/2018

I did not realize that I could make commercial-style steam buns at home - the
dough texture is perfect! We have made them twice now. We reduced the sugar by
half in the dough and cut out the extra salt in the filling - this recipe has
plenty of sodium "as is." One piece of advice: Do not roll out the tiny dough
balls and fill them until you are ready to put them in the steamer, because
the buns rise quickly. I definitely recommend this recipe to others.

Kittyhawk

Rating: 5 stars

09/11/2015

The flavor of this recipe is unbelievable. I used ground pork instead of
tenderloin, and used 1/4 tsp of ground ginger instead of fresh, because I can
never use a whole ginger root, but otherwise I followed the directions and the
recipe came out PERFECTLY. I was really skeptical about steaming dough; I
thought for sure it would be a soggy mess, but 15 minutes in the steamer and
the buns came out done. They had a texture similar to a soft pretzel, and the
buns were overall succulent and delicious. I will be making this one again and
again!

Costellojk

Rating: 4 stars

09/10/2013

Made this after watching a Jamie Oliver show on how to use leftover pulled
pork. Took others recommendations to use some wheat flour to get some extra
fiber and they turned great. There is a lot of work in making these from
scratch if your not an astute baker, but a nice treat. Even better if you make
extras ahead and put them in the freezer ready to go.

ViennaVAfoodie

Rating: 5 stars

10/24/2012

Love it!! I usually use ground pork or turkey because its cheaper than
tenderloin. This time I also used half WW flour. These are great to freeze and
reheat later!!

LoriInNC

Rating: 5 stars

10/16/2010

These were delicious. I used a steamer insert in my spaghetti pot, and my
electric steamer instead of a bamboo steamer. Instead of the pork tenderloin,
I used 2 1/2 cups leftover Slow Cooker Char Siu Pork Roast from Cooking Light,
March 2006. We had five for dinner, and the other five are in the freezer for
another night. It was very time consuming, but worth the effort once in a
while.

Darian

Rating: 5 stars

06/25/2010

Unbelievably good! I use prepared pizza dough from our grocery store deli to
make it easier and faster. Also, we don't have a bamboo steamer but our veggie
steamer works just fine. My niece has used chicken instead of pork and those
were delicious too.

MrsBunny

Rating: 5 stars

03/29/2010

Delicious! I added 4 oz of whole wheat flour and you could hardly tell it was
there. These are simply wonderful. Perfect addition to a dim sum brunch at
home.

redsox19762

Rating: 5 stars

03/18/2010

I have to admit - I was skeptical about the steaming aspect of these. I was
going to just bake them. But I'm glad I tried it - they were awesome! I
steamed them a little longer than specified. The only other changes I made
were to use some dough that I had already made and stored in the fridge (it
was dough made with semolina for italian bread) instead of the dough in the
recipe. I also roasted the pork tenderloin for about 30 min at 425 instead of
pan-grilling it. Delicious!! Can't recommend enough. Also used a metal steamer
basket sprayed with cooking spray rather than a bamboo steamer. I served with
sushi rice cooked with soy sauce, ginger and garlic and asparagus roasted with
sesame oil, salt, pepper, garlic and soy sauce. Awesome meal.

Nippersinker

Rating: 5 stars

03/10/2010

We just heated up some buns we had frozen from when we made them a few months
ago. They tasted as good as the day we made them, and it really only took 20
minutes to cook them (from frozen). This is such a great recipe. I can't wait
to make it again, and maybe put a different twist on the filling.

TxAg97

Rating: 5 stars

01/30/2010

Grilled pork and pulled when cooled for recipe. Sprayed electric steamer
basket with Pam as others suggested. Doubles in size--very filling and
delicious!

MGoodlife

Rating: 5 stars

09/25/2009

The first time I made these I was in a rush and misread the recipe, didn't
allow the dough to rise, and added b. powder at the wrong time. They still
came out great and are now a family favorite. It is much easier and faster to
brown ground turkey and add the spices mentioned and we like the taste better.
I steam them in a pasta cooker sprayed with Pam and have had no problem with
sticking. I also make them smaller and freeze the ones that won't fit in the
steamer. It makes a great snack or quick supper. Highly recommended.

lovetoeat

Rating: 4 stars

07/29/2009

I have made this several times now. You can use 1 cup whole wheat pastry flour
without changing the texture. I used 3% fat ground turkey. Use a 6" tortilla
press to make perfect dough rounds. You don't need to grease the press, once
the dough is flatten on the press, put the meat mixture on and gather to edges
while it is on the press.

foodies1

Rating: 5 stars

04/06/2009

This is a great recipe. I have made this several times and my kids love these.
They are so convenient to pop out of the freezer when needed and steam for a
delicious healthy snack/meal. I roast the pork which makes clean up a litle
easier.

Ketambugy

Rating: 5 stars

03/04/2009

I like this dish very much. I just think that my dough needed more water,
because it was very dry. But I didn't add more. I just follow the instructions
and at the end turn really well. But I think next time, I'll add more water,
because it was a really work out to knead that dough.

reptilenthusias

Rating: 5 stars

02/07/2009

These are amazing and very simple to make. I don't have a bamboo steamer, so
used the pot I make chili in, stuck a water filled measuring cup in (1 cup
size), and water to the pot up to about three quarters the height of the cup,
and then put an articulated metal vegetable steamer on top, started the water
to boil, added the bao and covered with the pot top. Worked great. Followed
the recipe exactly; pork with spices tasted great! But I can imagine chicken
and potato curry bao, or barbecue chicken bao ... my husband and I visited the
Czech Republic a few weeks ago and they have these yummy fruit filled
dumplings that seem very similar to bao, so maybe as a dessert too.

ElizabethBacon

Rating: 4 stars

02/06/2009

These were very good. I'm surprised that no one has suggested making them a
half or a quarter of their size. The dough is so filling that it's difficult
to finish one. I used ground turkey breast instead of pork. The ingredients in
the meat mixture are very tasty. I served them with a purchased spicy dumpling
sauce. The dumplings steamed very well. The timing of 15 minutes was perfect.

rieats

Rating: 4 stars

01/19/2009

These pork buns were much easier to make than expected. You could alter the
filling easily for variety. The bamboo steamer is a must though. We tried to
use a metal steamer and it was time consuming and the buns stuck.

Ltoeat

Rating: 5 stars

01/05/2009

I would make this again, the buns are as good as the ones I get in Chinatown.
I used ground turkey and it tasted good. I sauteed the meat mixture in a pan
and added 1 TBS of flour to thicken. On my next try, I will use some white
whole wheat flour (1 cup to start) and see if that will work. You can use any
type of meat mixture, try curry, barbecue...

nikki22

Rating: 5 stars

12/31/2008

These were great! Better than what I had at the market. I used ground turkey
instead of pork and yellow onions instead of green, otherwise I followed the
recipe exactly. I too bought a bamboo steamer just so I could make these and
feed my cravings for the steamed pork buns. I can imagine making this with
different stuffings...bacon cheeseburger filling would be great. Very good and
filling. I served with a spinach salad with mushrooms and grated carrot with
an "asian silk" dressing.

minnedip

Rating: 5 stars

12/01/2008

So delicious. They freeze very well and cook pretty quickly. The only problem
might be that they're too delicious and hard not to overindulge in.

coloradojenn

Rating: 5 stars

11/29/2008

We love these and like another reader, I went and bought a steamer for this
recipe. They are really filling and I can only eat 1/2 with a stir fry...

sarahkaye

Rating: 5 stars

11/05/2008

Much easier than I expected and they looked fantastic - presentation was even
better than the photo. I'm definitely looking forward to making them for
guests sometime.

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Steamed Pork Buns (Char Siu Bao)

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Steamed Pork Buns (Char Siu Bao)

##  All Reviews for Steamed Pork Buns (Char Siu Bao)

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

MyRecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithMyRecipes.com is part of the Allrecipes Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporation. MyRecipes is a registered trademark of Meredith
Corporation All Rights Reserved. MyRecipes may receive compensation for some
links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to
change without notice.  Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of
Servicethis link opens in a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab
California Do Not Sellthis link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis
link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 MyRecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.myrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Steamed Pork Buns (Char Siu Bao)

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

