https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/barbecue-pork-steamed-buns/261071fa-8392-4251-b7c5-783eb10ab336


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Barbecue pork steamed buns

  * _1h_ prep
  * _1h 20m_ cook
  * makes _14_

1

Save Recipe

414 people saved this

Here's one of the hottest recipes on menus right now. Marion Grasby shows how
to make barbecue pork steam buns.

Marion Grasby

259 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain sesame, gluten, wheat, yeast and milk.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 18 Ingredients 
  * 6 Method Steps 

#### 18 Ingredients

  * 60ml (1/4 cup) hoisin sauce 

  * 2 tbsp Sriracha Hot Sauce 

  * 1 Lebanese cucumber, thinly sliced 

  * 1/4 cup green shallots, sliced into 5cm-long strips 

  * ### Barbecue pork

  * 80ml (1/3 cup) char siu sauce 

  * 1 garlic clove, finely grated 

  * 1/4 cup finely sliced green shallots 

  * 1 tbsp light soy sauce 

  * 1‚ÅÑ4 tsp red food colouring 

  * 800g pork neck (pork scotch fillet), cut into 6cm-wide strips 

  * 2 tbsp honey 

  * ### Steamed buns

  * 1 1/2 tsp dried yeast 

  * 250ml (1 cup) luke-warm water 

  * 2 tbsp melted lard or peanut oil 

  * 2 tbsp white sugar 

  * 2 tbsp non-fat milk powder 

  * 1 1/2 tsp baking powder 

  * 375g-415g (2 1/2 - 2 3/4 cups) plain flour, plus extra, to dust 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 6 Method Steps

  * Step 1

For the pork, combine char siu sauce, garlic, shallot, soy sauce and red food
colouring in a large glass or ceramic bowl. Add pork and toss to coat. Cover
and place in the fridge for 8 hours or overnight to marinate. Preheat oven to
200C/180C fan forced. Line a baking tray with baking paper.

  * Step 2

Transfer pork to tray, reserving leftover marinade. Roast for 25 minutes or
until cooked through. Baste with reserved marinade. Preheat grill to high.
Grill for 2-3 minutes each side or until starting to char. Transfer pork to a
clean tray and brush with honey. Rest for 5 minutes. Slice pork.

  * Step 3

For buns, put yeast and water in a bowl. Stand for 2 minutes. Add lard. Place
sugar, milk powder, baking powder and 375g of the flour in a food processor.
With motor running, slowly add yeast mixture until dough comes together. Turn
onto a floured surface. Knead for 5 minutes, adding extra flour if necessary.

  * Step 4

Place dough in a greased bowl. Cover. Put in a warm place for 1/2 hours or
until doubled in size. Cut fourteen 10cm squares of baking paper. Turn dough
onto a floured surface. Divide into 14 balls. Roll 1 ball into a 10cm-long
oval. Fold to form a semi-circle.

  * Step 5

Place on a paper square. Repeat with remaining dough. Cover with a damp cloth.
Set aside in a warm place for 30 minutes. Fill a wok one-third full with
water. Bring to boil over a high heat. Place 3-4 buns, not touching, in a
bamboo steamer. Place steamer over wok.

  * Step 6

Steam, covered, for 12 minutes or until cooked through. Repeat with remaining
buns. Combine the hoisin and Sriracha in a small bowl. Carefully open each bun
and fill with pork, cucumber and shallots. Drizzle generously with the sauce.
Serve warm.

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

0 people made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

414 people saved this

### Recipe Notes

  * Gluten content differs between brands of flour, which can affect how light and fluffy the buns turn out. Marion uses White Wings Plain Flour.
  * Try different fillings, such as confit duck or pulled pork.

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by Jeremy Simons

##  Popular on Taste

  1. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

  2. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

  3. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  4. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

  5. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

  6. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  7. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

  8. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

