https://www.ruchikrandhap.com/pork-green-masala/


﻿ ↑

  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipes
  * Recipes A-Z
  * Travel
  * Copyright
  * Media
  * Privacy Policy
  * Shop
  * Contact Me
  * Somethin’ Fishy
  * Search this website

Ruchik Randhap

Food & Memories of Mangalore

You are here: Home / Mutton Beef and Pork / Pork Green Masala

July 31, 2017

# Pork Green Masala

567

SHARES

TwitterFacebook567PinterestPocketTelegramWhatsAppYummly

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

Pin

Peeps! What did you cook over the weekend? Well, I made some simple rice, dal
and paired it with this lovely pork green masala. As you know, I have been
updating my recipe index and categories since the past two weeks and I noticed
that I had very few pork recipes on the blog! This is probably because we
don’t eat a lot of pork here. It could be that we enjoy the quality of meat
available in Mangalorean a bit too much and used to bring it here until the
rules changed sometime this year. Now we buy it rarely and stick to our usual
Mangalorean fare which is pork bafat or sorpotel (which is again a very rare
thing). It also could be because I usually like cooking chicken or beef or
resort to vegetarian meals when I am tired of both. Mutton and pork are
usually reserved for festive occasions or when people visit us.

Anyways, coming to today’s recipe, I am still busy clearing up my freezer and
pantry and cooking meals with whatever I have in stock instead of buying new
stuff and so this dish came into being. I had a chunk of pork belly
languishing in the freezer with no real purpose in its life. Since I am now
trying to try out recipes to fill up some categories on the blog (yeah, I have
started cooking with the blog in mind again) I thought it was a good idea to
hunt for specific recipes and build things from there. I found this recipe in
the Konkani cookery book ‘Randhpa Kudaanth’ by Grace D’Cruz and adapted it.

Pin

As you may be knowing, I am a huge fan of green masala based recipes with
chicken green curry being my favourite go-to recipe whenever I have to cook in
a hurry and I don’t want to rack my brains thinking up of something special.
My family loves it too. Chicken, mutton, beef, pork, fish – everything turns
out yum when cooked in green masala. I even tried cooking paneer in it using
the same masala base from my mum’s green biryani recipe! Here are some of my
recipes that have been tried, tested & loved by several readers too.

Paneer Green Masala

Fish Green Masala Fry

Keema (Mince) Green Masala

Mum’s Chicken Green Biryani (in a pressure cooker)

Chicken Green Curry without Coconut (the same recipe can be used for mutton
and beef too)

Fish Biryani (Using a blend of Shaan masala & green masala)

Pin

I do hope you give this pork recipe a try and enjoy it too! Do let me know how
it turns out. Drop me an email at [email protected] You can also use the
‘Contact’ tab to send me a quick message! Don’t forget to key in your correct
email id if you’d like a reply from me! The comments section below this post
or the various social media icons displayed at the top right corner of this
page are easy and quick ways to reach me!

Pin

Pin

## Pork Green Masala

Chunks of pork simmered in a green masala base makes for a great accompaniment
to plain rice or pulao

5 from 4 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Mangalorean

Prep Time: 30 minutes

Cook Time: 20 minutes

Total Time: 50 minutes

Author: Shireen Sequeira - www.ruchikrandhap.com

1x2x3xServings

### Ingredients

  * 750 grams pork with fat
  * 3 medium onions, thinly sliced
  * 500 grams potatoes, peeled & cut into roundels

#### For the marinade

  * 1/2 teaspoon turmeric powder
  * 1/2  teaspoon pepper powder
  * 1 small lime, juice extracted
  * salt to taste
  * oil for shallow frying

#### For the masala

  * 1 cup loosely packed, coriander leaves
  * 1/4  cup mint leaves
  * 5-6 fat cloves of garlic, with skin
  * 2 small green chillies (spicy variety) deseed or adjust to taste
  * 1 inch  ginger
  * 1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds
  * 1 tablespoon coriander seeds
  * 7-8 peppercorns
  * 4 cloves
  * 1 inch stick of cassia bark or cinnamon
  * 2 teaspoons vinegar

### Instructions

  * Cut the meat into 1/2" pieces, wash well, drain and then marinate with the turmeric powder, salt, lime juice and pepper powder. Keep aside for 15-20 mins

  * While the meat is marinating, grind all the ingredients mentioned under 'For the masala' to a fine paste. Use water sparingly. Rinse the mixie jar with 1/2 cup water and reserve it

  * Depending on the quality of the meat, you can choose to first boil the marinated meat with a cup of water for a good 10-15 minutes. Then drain and shallow fry the pieces in a skillet brushed with a little oil till golden on both sides (I skipped the pre-boiling step and shallow fried the meat directly for 12-15 minutes on a medium-low heat) Then drain the excess oil and keep aside. 

  * You can either fry the potato roundels in the same fat that gets released from the pork or discard the fat, wipe the frying pan clean and fry the potatoes in oil. Fry till tender, drain on a kitchen tissue 

  * In a wide based pan, heat the oil and fry the onions till they turn translucent (pale). Add the ground masala and fry for 3-4 minutes till the oil separates. Then add the reserved masala water in parts - let the gravy be thick. Bring the gravy to a boil.

  * Add the fried pork pieces, reduce the heat and let it simmer for a good 10-15 minutes or till done (this cooking time may reduce if you have pre-boiled the marinated meat * see notes

  * The gravy will begin to thicken and you will see some fat floating. If the meat is tender, go ahead and add the fried potatoes and simmer for another 2 minutes. Remove pan from heat and serve hot with plain rice, pulao or sanna

### Notes

  1. Potatoes are optional
  2. Always cook pork thoroughly as it helps eliminate parasites. 
  3. For 1 kg meat just use 1 extra sliced onion, 1-2 extra green chillies and an extra 1/4 cup of coriander leaves. You can adjust the spice later by adding some pepper powder.

### Disclaimer

The nutritional values are only indicative.

Tried this recipe?Please leave a comment & rate the recipe below or share a
photo on Instagram and tag me @ruchikrandhap

567

SHARES

TwitterFacebook567PinterestPocketTelegramWhatsAppYummly

Filed Under: All Posts, Mangalorean Recipes, Mutton Beef and Pork

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

### Comments

  1. prashant kamat says

January 18, 2018 at 9:15 pm

god bless you…..it tasted awesome

Reply

    * Shireen Sequeira says

January 19, 2018 at 5:57 pm

Thanks so much for your feedback Prashant!!Glad you liked it!

Reply

  2. Edline Noronha says

April 3, 2019 at 11:57 am

Hi Shirren.. I tried this receipy. It came out so tasty. Thanks for the
wonderful receipy.

Reply

  3. Edline Noronha says

April 3, 2019 at 12:01 pm

Hi Shireen. I tried this receipy it came out so tasty. Thanks for the
wonderful receipy.

Reply

    * Shireen Sequeira says

April 9, 2019 at 6:27 pm

Hi Edline,

Thanks so much for your feedback!!

Reply

  4. Ranjitha says

May 16, 2021 at 3:14 pm

Tried today tasted awesome

Reply

    * Shireen Sequeira says

May 20, 2021 at 1:39 pm

Thanks a lot for the great feedback!

Reply

  5. Beck & Bulow says

January 7, 2022 at 3:51 pm

Classic! Sometimes a like to put some tangy coleslaw on top! mmm…

Reply

    * Shireen Sequeira says

January 13, 2022 at 5:34 pm

Thanks a lot!

Reply

## Primary Sidebar

### Looking for Something?

Search this website

### Stay Connected

I am Shireen Sequeira a Mangalorean living in Dubai. I love trying out new
recipes and giving them a twist of my own. However, I do try my best to
preserve the authenticity of traditional Mangalorean recipes. Know More...

### Trending This Week

  * Butter Cake | How To Make Soft & Moist Butter Cake
  * Traditional Irish Christmas Cake
  * Gule Sukhe (Black Eyed Peas Sukka)
  * How To Cook Brown Basmati Rice
  * Special Surmai (Kingfish) Curry (With Or Without Coconut)
  * Lepo Losun Miri (Sole/Tongue Fish in a Spicy Garlic & Pepper Curry)
  * Egg Butter Masala

### Subscribe To Receive Recipes Directly In Your Mailbox!

Leave this field empty if you're human:

### Categories

  * Airfryer Recipes
  * All Posts
    * Recipe Compilations
  * Baby & Toddler
  * Bakes
    * Breads
    * Cakes, Cupcakes & Brownies
    * Cookies, Tarts & Bars
    * Healthy Bakes
    * Pies & Puffs
  * Basic Recipes
  * Beverages
  * Breakfast
  * Chicken
    * Indo Chinese
  * Chutneys Dips & Sauces
  * Coconut Milk Based Recipes
  * Eggs
  * Festive Cooking
    * Christmas
    * Monthi Feast
  * Global Cuisine and Fusion Food
  * Home Remedies
  * Mangalorean Recipes
  * Meal Ideas
  * Mince
  * Mutton Beef and Pork
  * Poli & Seasonal Specialities
  * Preserves
    * Pickles & Jams
    * Spice Blends & Curry Pastes
  * Pressure Cooker Recipes
  * Recipes With Video
  * Restaurant Reviews
  * Rice, Pasta and One Pot Meals
  * Seafood
    * Fish
  * Soups & Salads
  * Starters, Snacks & Savouries
    * Appetizers & Starters
    * Snacks & Savouries
  * Sweets & Desserts
    * Indian Sweets
    * Western Desserts
  * Thanksgiving Recipes
  * The Boshi Series
  * Travel
  * Uncategorized
  * Vegetarian
    * Curries, Dals and Sambhars
    * Paneer
    * Sides
    * Vegan
  * When The Hubby Cooks!

Copyright © 2022 · Ruchik Randhap by Shireen Sequeira · Hosted & Managed by
Host My Blog

