https://maejum.com/thai-pork-green-curry-with-vegetables/


Standard Delivery 2-3 days / FREE DELIVERY ON ORDERS OVER £20

  * Shop
  * Thai Curry Pastes
    * Thai Green Curry Paste
    * Red Thai Curry Paste
    * Thai Jungle Curry Paste
    * Panang Thai Curry Paste
    * Yellow Thai Curry Paste
    * Thai Massaman Curry Paste
  * Our Approach
  * Recipes
  * Blog
  * About Mae Jum
    * Contact Us
    * Blog Achieves
  * __ £0.00

  *   *   * 

##### Jum

Aug 19, 2021

2 mins read

Last Updated - Aug 19, 2021

## Thai Green Pork Curry with Vegetables



Thai Green Pork Curry - a simply delicious meal to make at home, cooking
strips of pork with mixed vegetables in a rich coconut Thai curry sauce. This
is a really simple and straight meal that can be ready in no time at all! So
for this recipe, you want to find a nice cut of pork like pork belly slices,
pork loin steak or fillet. You don’t want to buy anything too thick because we
are going to cut it into thin slices, chunks that are too thick will add to
the cooking time.

If you don’t fancy a bit of pork for lunch or dinner, you can use other
proteins such as chicken or beef, maybe even go for a bit of seafood such as
salmon or prawns! You can also add in more vegetables to substitute the meat
if you are vegetarian, vegan or just in need of a meat-free meal! Other good
vegetables to add are jackfruit, aubergines and green peas.



#### How to make Thai Pork Green Curry



Everything in this recipe cooks quickly, so to keep on top of things make sure
you have cut and prepared all the ingredients before you start to make this
Thai green curry. Heat oil in a frying pan or wok over medium-high heat (I
like to use coconut oil) and fry the green curry paste for at least 2 minutes
to build a beautiful amora.

Add the thick creamy layer of coconut milk to the wok with fish sauce and palm
sugar. Blend well together and bring to a light boil and simmer for about 5
minutes to allow all the oils to rise to the surface. Next, it’s time for the
pork! Spread the pork in the sauce, so that it is evenly throughout the pan
and pieces aren’t on top of each other. Cook for about 5-7 minutes, stirring
every now and again to coat all the pork with curry sauce.

Now add the remaining contents of coconut milk to the wok with the vegetables,
for this recipe, it is green beans, bell pepper and baby corn. Leave to simmer
for roughly 10 minutes for the vegetables to cook. Make sure you are tasting
the sauce throughout and if you feel it needs more seasoning then add a dash
more fish sauce or a pinch of salt.

Nearly finished now! Before you serve up, turn off the heat to the wok/pan and
gently stir in a handful of sweet Thai basil. It brings a lovely fresh flavour
that is sweet and ever so delicious! Now it’s time to serve everyone a bowl
and garnish with even more sweet Thai basil and a big squeeze of lime. Eat
this meal with either freshly steamed Jasmine rice or rice noodles! Enjoy!

* * *

If you enjoyed our Thai Pork Green Curry recipe, please give this recipe a
star rating and comment if you loved the flavours of this classic Thai green
curry dish! Check out our recipe page for more delicious dishes like this and
subscribe for new recipes and posts. Always stay connected and follow us on
Instagram and Facebook!

## Thai Green Pork Curry with Vegetables

Delicious family meal! Pork Thai green curry with mixed vegetables

3.95 from 17 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: curry, dinner, lunch, Main Course

Cuisine: Thai

Keyword: baby corn, Bell Pepper, Family Friendly, Green beans, Pork, pork
curry, Quick and Easy, Sweet Thai Basil, Thai Green Curry

Thai Curry Paste: Green

Prep Time: 15 minutes

Cook Time: 25 minutes

Total Time: 40 minutes

Servings: 4

Calories: 628kcal

### Ingredients

  * 500 g Pork Belly or Fillet
  * 400 ml Coconut Milk
  * 35 g Mae Jum Thai Green Curry Paste
  * 100 g Green Beans
  * 150 g Bell Pepper Red, Green or Yellow
  * 150 g Baby Corn
  * 1 tbsp  Palm Sugar
  * 1 tbsp Fish Sauce
  * Sweet Thai Basil
  * Lime Optional

### Instructions

#### Preparation

  * Cut the mix peppers into strips or roughly dice

  * Trim the ends of the green beans and cut them and baby corn into thirds

  * Slice the pork into 2-3 inch long strips. You can remove any fat from the pork if there is any

#### Cooking Method

  * In a wok, fry the green curry paste in oil for 2 minutes on med/high heat

  * Add the thick layer of coconut milk with fish sauce and palm sugar, blend well. Bring to a light boil and simmer for 5 minutes

  * Stir fry the pork in the curry sauce for 7 minutes before adding the remaining coconut milk with vegetables. Simmer for a further 7-10 minutes, until vegetables are cooked.

  * Turn off heat, and gently stir in a handful of sweet Thai basil leaves.

  * Serve up with freshly made Jasmine rice and garnish with sweet Thai Basil and a squeeze of fresh lime juice.

### Nutrition

Nutrition Facts

Thai Green Pork Curry with Vegetables

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 628 Calories from Fat 459

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 51g **78%**

Saturated Fat 31g **194%**

 **Cholesterol** 90mg **30%**

 **Sodium** 448mg **19%**

 **Potassium** 870mg **25%**

 **Carbohydrates** 20g **7%**

Fiber 5g **21%**

Sugar 10g **11%**

 **Protein** 26g **52%**

**Calcium** 62mg **6%**

 **Vitamin C** 58mg **70%**

 **Vitamin A** 1850IU **37%**

 **Iron** 4mg **22%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

## Categories

  * Beef
  * Chicken
  * Duck
  * Fish
  * Lamb
  * Meat
  * Pork
  * Tofu
  * Vegetables
  * Noodle
  * Pasta
  * Potato
  * Rice
  * Green
  * Jungle
  * Massaman
  * Panang
  * Red
  * Yellow
  * Healthy Lunch
  * Healthy Soups
  * Vegan / vegeterian
  * More

# 1 Comment

  1. Alexander on November 11, 2021 at 10:21 am 

  
Cooked this last night - Really lovely, thanks!

Reply

### Submit a Comment Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

## Get the Latest Recipes! Join our newsletter.

### Follow us

  *   *   *   *   * 

  * Recipes
  * About Mae Jum
  * Questions and Answers
  * Blog
  * Terms and conditions
  * Privacy Policy
  * Refund Policy

© 2020 by Mae Jum Limited | All rights reserved

Shopping cart

 __

There are no products in the cart!

Continue shopping

 __0

__

Send to Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address

Close

