https://www.food.com/recipe/green-pork-curry-37515


  * Recipes
    * Breakfast & Brunch Recipes 
    * Lunch Recipes 
    * Appetizers & Snack Recipes 
    * Dinner Recipes 
    * Dessert Recipes 
    * Drink & Cocktail Recipes 
    * Side Dish Recipes 
    * Grilling & BBQ Recipes 
    * Microwave Recipes 
    * Quick & Easy Recipes 
    * Slow-Cooker Recipes 
    * Air Fryer Recipes 
    * Instant Pot Recipes 
    * Baking Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Popular
    * Trending Now 
    * Casserole Recipes 
    * Chili Recipes 
    * Soup Recipes 
    * Pasta Recipes 
    * Bread Recipes 
    * Cookie Recipes 
    * Salad Recipes 
    * Tofu Recipes 
    * Copycat Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Meat & Seafood
    * Chicken Recipes 
    * Salmon Recipes 
    * Pork Chop Recipes 
    * Ground Beef Recipes 
    * Shrimp Recipes 
  * Healthy & Diet
    * Keto Recipes 
    * Healthy Recipes 
    * Vegetarian Recipes 
    * Vegan Recipes 
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes 
    * Weight Watchers Recipes 
    * Low-Carb Recipes 
    * Gluten-Free Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Holidays
    * Dinner Party Recipes 
    * Game Day Recipes 
    * Valentine's Day Recipes 
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes 
    * Easter Recipes 
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes 
    * Mother's Day Recipes 
    * Memorial Day Recipes 
    * Juneteenth Recipes 
    * 4th of July Recipes 
    * Halloween Recipes 
    * Thanksgiving Recipes 
    * Hanukkah Recipes 
    * Christmas Recipes 
    * New Year's Recipes 
  * Cuisine
    * Mexican Recipes 
    * Italian Recipes 
    * Indian Recipes 
    * Thai Recipes 
    * Korean Recipes 
    * French Recipes 
    * Latin American Recipes 
    * Chinese Recipes 
    * Japanese Recipes 
    * Spanish Recipes 
  * Seasonal
    * Spring Recipes 
    * Summer Recipes 
    * Fall Recipes 
    * Winter Recipes 
    * See More 

icons / profile

icons / arrow / arrow-left

  1. Recipes 
  2. Curries 

# Green Pork Curry

3

Recipe by SeanS

3

People talking

Join In Now  Join the conversation!

  * 

Save Recipe

I love Thai food, and this is one of the best tasting home cooked curries. You
can cut back on the curry paste if it's too spicy.

Ready In:

    40mins

Serves:

     4 

Units:

     US 

icons / print PRINT RECIPE

  * icons / email
  * icons / social / pinterest
  * icons / social / facebook

3

People talking

Join In Now  Join the conversation!

## ingredients

Nutrition

  * 1  lb pork shoulder or 1 lb pork loin, thinly sliced 
  * 2 (14 ounce) cans coconut milk
  * 1⁄4 cup green curry paste (small cans sold at thai or asian markets)
  * 3  Japanese eggplants, 1/2 inch cubes 
  * 2  tablespoons fish sauce
  * 1  tablespoon palm sugar or 1 tablespoon brown sugar
  * 1⁄2 teaspoon salt
  * 10  kaffir lime leaves (sold at asian markets)
  * 1⁄2 cup Thai holy basil or 1/2 cup other fresh basil leaf
  * 1  red bell pepper, thinly sliced 

## directions

  * In large saucepan, warm 1/2 cup coconut milk over medium heat until it boils and simmer 5 minutes.
  * Add curry paste and cook 2 minutes.
  * Add sliced pork and stir fry 4 minutes.
  * Add coconut milk, eggplant, red pepper, fish sauce, sugar, salt and 5 lime leaves.
  * Simmer for 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.
  * Taste and adjust seasoning with more fish sauce or sugar.
  * Slice remaining lime leaves into very thin strips.
  * Add lime leaves and basil.
  * Serve over jasmine rice.

Submit a Recipe Correction

#### MY PRIVATE NOTES

Add a Note

Advertisement

Advertisement

### RECIPE MADE WITH LOVE BY

Follow Me

@SeanS

Contributor

@SeanS

Contributor

"I love Thai food, and this is one of the best tasting home cooked curries.
You can cut back on the curry paste if it's too spicy."

  * ###### recipes

4

icons / sparkles / sparkles

### JOIN THE CONVERSATION

icons / sparkles / sparkles

icons / camera

upload

icons / star / star-outline

review

icons / write-a-review

tweak

icons / question

ask

all

reviews

tweaks

q&a

sort by: most popularmost recent icons / navigate / navigate-down

  1. review by  Quinn T. 

3/25/2018

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

This was amazing! We used the 1/4 c of paste as suggested and found it was
perfect. Having said that, I started out with just 1 tbsp and kept adding to
make sure we didn't overdo it. I think I had a Chinese eggplant, not the
Japanese, because it's all the store had besides the regular eggplant, and it
was great. Will be making this again for sure. Husband said it tasted just
like the green curry he had in Thailand.

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  2. review by  clevergirl43 

9/14/2012

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

This was an excellent recipe; all the ingredients made it taste very
authentic. One thing I'd recommend, however - curry paste brands vary so
wildly in terms of heat, I found that using the full amount of green curry in
the recipe nearly took my head off!(I'm normally a '2 star' when it comes to
thai food) Might be wise to start with half the amount and then increase it
til it is spicy enough for individual taste. Also, I used thai eggplant
instead (the round green kind) and they worked great, just increased the
number as they are about the size of a golfball.)

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  3. photo by  Leggy Peggy 

10/6/2007

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  4. review by  Leggy Peggy 

10/6/2007

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

This is a lovely curry, and very quick and easy to make. I used a rather mild
curry paste (Recipe #43732), and next time will increase the heat. Also tossed
in a bit of broccoli. Made and enjoyed for Pick A Chef.

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  5. creation by  SeanS 

8/19/2002

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

I love Thai food, and this is one of the best tasting home cooked curries. You
can cut back on the curry paste if it's too spicy.

Advertisement

### YOU'LL ALSO LOVE

Thai Pork Curry

by sassee1

12

Pork Curry ( for the Ladies)

by Brian Holley

13

Delicious Ceylon Pork Curry

by wildschwein

4

Pork Curry on Noodles

by JustJanS

1

View All Recipes

### RELATED PAGES

Thai Pork CurryBeef With Green CurryDevil's Pork CurryThai Green Curry Paste
With Pork and Chinese OkraBurmese-Style Pork CurryDelicious Ceylon Pork
CurryPork CurryThai Yellow Pork CurryThai Green Curry

View Suggestions

BACK TO TOP

icons / social / facebook icons / social / pinterest icons / social / twitter
icons / social / youtube icons / email

  * All Categories 
  * Site Map 
  * About Us 
  * Help 

The Discovery Family of Networks

  * HGTV
  * DIY Network
  * Food Network
  * Cooking Channel
  * Travel Channel
  * HGTV Poland

© 2022 Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. or its subsidiaries and affiliates. All
rights reserved.

  * Advertise
  * AdChoices
  * Privacy Notice
  * Visitor Agreement

California Privacy Notice CA Do Not Sell My Info

