https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/thai-green-pork-curry-2/f677f7ee-3b83-4430-9846-e6d01c7c9b85


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Thai green pork curry

  * _15m_ prep
  * _15m_ cook
  * _4_ servings 

3

Save Recipe

116 people saved this

2 people made this

This Thai curry features a delicious and authentic coconut and lime flavoured
sauce.

A

Alison Roberts

400 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain yeast, sulphites, mustard and fish.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 14 Ingredients 
  * 6 Method Steps 

#### 14 Ingredients

  * 350g orange sweet potato (kumara), peeled, cut into 1.5cm pieces 

  * 60ml (1/4 cup) cold water 

  * 240g can coconut cream 

  * 125ml (1/2 cup) boiling water 

  * 2 tsp olive oil 

  * 500g pork fillet, cut into 1.5cm pieces 

  * 60g (1/4 cup) Thai green curry paste 

  * 1 bunch broccolini, cut into 3cm lengths 

  * 100g green beans, topped, cut into 3cm lengths 

  * 2 tsp brown sugar 

  * 1 tsp fish sauce 

  * 1 tbsp fresh lime juice 

  * Fresh coriander leaves, to serve 

  * Steamed jasmine rice, to serve 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 6 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Place the sweet potato  (350g orange sweet potato (kumara), peeled, cut into
1.5cm pieces) in a shallow microwave-safe bowl. Add the cold water  (60ml (1/4
cup) cold water). Cover and cook in microwave on high/800watts/100% for 3
minutes or until almost tender. Drain.

  * Step 2

Combine the coconut cream  (240g can coconut cream) and boiling water  (125ml
(1/2 cup) boiling water) in a bowl.

  * Step 3

Heat the oil  (2 tsp olive oil) in a wok over high heat. Add the pork  (500g
pork fillet, cut into 1.5cm pieces) and stir-fry for 2 minutes or until
browned. Add the curry paste  (60g (1/4 cup) Thai green curry paste) and stir-
fry for 1 minute or until aromatic. Add the coconut cream mixture and bring to
a simmer. (To freeze, see notes.)

  * Step 4

Stir in the sweet potato, broccolini  (1 bunch broccolini, cut into 3cm
lengths) and beans  (100g green beans, topped, cut into 3cm lengths). Simmer
for 5 minutes or until the sweet potato is tender and the broccolini is bright
green and tender crisp.

  * Step 5

Add the sugar  (2 tsp brown sugar), fish sauce  (1 tsp fish sauce) and lime
juice  (1 tbsp fresh lime juice) and stir to combine.

  * Step 6

Divide the curry among serving bowls. Sprinkle with coriander  (Fresh
coriander leaves, to serve) and serve with steamed rice  (Steamed jasmine
rice, to serve).

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

2 people made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

116 people saved this

### Recipe Notes

**To freeze:** Make the recipe to the end of step 3. Remove the wok from the
heat. Omit step 4. Add the sweet potato, broccolini and beans, and stir until
well combined. Transfer the curry to a 1L (4-cup) capacity freezerproof
airtight container. Set aside to cool slightly. Seal. Place in the fridge for
2-3 hours to chill. Label, date and freeze for up to 3 months. **To thaw:**
Place the curry in the fridge overnight or until thawed. **To reheat:**
Transfer the thawed curry to a medium saucepan and place over medium heat.
Cook, stirring occasionally, for 10 minutes or until the sweet potato is
tender, the broccolini is bright green and tender crisp, and the curry is
heated through. Continue recipe from step 5.

**Variation:** For a Thai red chicken curry, replace the Thai green curry
paste with 60g (1/4 cup) Thai red curry paste. Replace the pork with 500g
chicken thigh fillets, cut into 1.5cm pieces.

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by Mark O'meara

##  Popular on Taste

  1. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

  2. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  3. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

  4. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  5. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

  6. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

  7. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  8. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

