http://www.templeofthai.com/recipes/green-curry.php


  * home
  * thai grocery
  * cookware
  * fruit carving
  * food blog
  * thai recipes

Go to page Â» Home Page Thai Recipes Thai Grocery Store Fruit Carving Thai
Cookbooks Food Blog Contact Us Fresh Produce Thai Sauces Nittaya Curry Paste
Curry Paste Tea & Beverages Asian Noodles Dried Spices Flour and Sugar Pickled
& Preserved Jasmine & Sticky Rice Thai Pastes Pad Thai Satay Cooking Kits
Asian Snacks Canned Food Thai Fruit Curry & Soup Convenience Food Asian
Cookware Mortar & Pestle Sticky Rice Steamer

* * *

# Green Curry with Pork Recipe ( _Gaeng Kiaw Wan Moo_ )

Prepare this tasty Thai green curry quickly and easily with canned coconut
milk and ready-made green curry paste for a delicious meal in no time at all.
If you have time you may like to prepare your own curry paste using a mortar
and pestle. Add greens or squash at the end of cooking to add texture and
vitamins to your Thai meal.

  
Thai Green Curry (Click to enlarge)

## Ingredients

  * 3 level tbsp green curry paste ( Nittaya, MaeSri or Mae Ploy brand or homemade)
  * 2 tbsp water
  * 1 lb pork riblets (rib tips) or 3/4 lb. pork roast (with some fat), cut into 1 x 1/4 " pieces, or chicken 
  * 1 (16oz) can coconut milk, Chao Koh brand

## Preparation

Mash green curry paste and water in a small bowl with the back of a small
spoon to dilute. Cut up pork or chicken into bite sized pieces. For riblets,
cut between the bones into separate pieces, about 1/2-inch by 1-inch. If
riblets are not available, substitute boneless pork roast: cut into 1-inch by
1/4-inch pieces. Rinse the meat in cold water and drain.

Place the cut up pork and diluted curry paste in a small saucepan. Pour over
3/4 of a 16 oz. can of coconut milk (shake the can before opening). Add 2 tbsp
fish sauce.

Bring to a rolling boil over high heat. Cook over high heat approximately 5
minutes, until the meat is cooked through. Add sliced jalapenos and fish sauce
to taste. Serves 3 to 4.

Variations: Towards the end of cooking add 3/4 cup diced eggplant. Cook until
cooked through. Turn off the heat and add 1/4 cup chopped cilantro.

Notes: Freeze remaining coconut milk in a zip lock bag.

  * Find out more about Thai curry or buy green curry paste in our Thai grocery!

Recipe (C) 1999 Temple of Thai; Image (C) 2011 Surachai
Suparsreepipat/123RF.com

Preparing your own curry paste always gives the best results for a really
authentic green curry. However, if you're short on time we recommend our
ready-made Nittaya brand Green Curry Paste.

Nittaya is a delicious quick and simple alternative to making curry paste by
hand. It's the best prepared curry paste we have tried and as a fellow curry
lover we're sure you'll agree.

  

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments

* * *

  * About Thai Curry
  * Green Curry with Beef
  * Green Curry with Chicken
  * Green Curry with Pork
  * Traditional Red Curry
  * Red Curry with Pumpkin
  * Red Curry with Duck
  * Panang Curry
  * Massaman Curry
  * Khao Soi
  * Yellow Curry & Curry Paste
  * Yellow Curry with Chicken
  * Pum's Thai Yellow Curry
  * Chicken Curry w/ Tamarind
  * Thai Crab Curry
  * Fish Curry (Gaeng Sohm)
  * Chu Chee Shrimp Curry
  * Chu Chee Fish Curry
  * Homemade Coconut Milk

* * *

* * *

Temple of Thaion

* * *

* * *

* * *

  * Home
  * Thai Food Store
  * Thai Recipes
  * Asian Cookware
  * Mortar & Pestle
  * Thai Cookbooks
  * Thai Cooking
  * Fruit Carving
  * Food Blog

Back to Top

Copyright (C) 1999-2022 Temple of Thai. All rights reserved.

