https://www.foodandwine.com/recipes/red-fish-curry


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Recipes & Cooking
  * Drinks
  * Travel
  * Holidays + Events
  * News
  * F&W; Classic
  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Subscribe  Subscribe

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore Food & Wine

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * F&W Cooks

####  F&W; Cooks

Food and Wine presents a new network of food pros delivering the most cookable
recipes and delicious ideas online.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

####  Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

Looking to amp up your beef stew but unsure where to start? A slow cooker can
can take your comfort food to the next level.  Read More

    * 50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

####  50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

We’ve assembled a list of 50 of the world’s most reliable, inexpensive wines –
bottles that offer amazing quality for their price year in and year out.  Read
More

  * Recipes & Cooking

### Recipes & Cooking

See All Recipes & Cooking

    * Chicken
    * Comfort Food
    * Breakfast + Brunch
    * Salads
    * Desserts
    * Vegetables
    * Pasta + Noodles
    * Chefs
    * Meat + Poultry
    * Soup
    * Appetizers
    * Side Dishes
    * Fruits
    * Seafood
    * Special Diets
    * Cooking Techniques
    * Steal This Trick

  * Drinks

### Drinks

See All Drinks

    * Wine
    * Spirits
    * Coffee
    * Juices
    * Beer
    * Champagne + Sparkling Wine
    * Tea

  * Travel

### Travel

See All Travel

    * Wine Regions
    * Restaurants

  * Holidays + Events

### Holidays + Events

See All Holidays + Events

    * Valentine's Day
    * Halloween
    * Passover
    * Hanukkah
    * Christmas
    * Gifts
    * Super Bowl
    * Easter
    * Thanksgiving
    * New Year's Eve
    * Holiday Entertaining

  * News
  * F&W; Classic

### F&W; Classic

See All F&W; Classic

    * F&W; Classic Insider
    * Food & Wine Classic in Aspen

  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Subscribe  this link opens in a new tab

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Red Fish Curry

# Red Fish Curry

Rating: 5 stars

3717 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 3716 
  * 4 star values: 0 
  * 3 star values: 1 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 3,717 Ratings 
  * 1 Review 

This signature dish of Kerala features firm chunks of kingfish in a
deliciously spicy and tangy sauce flavored with tamarind. As a substitute for
kingfish, look for other firm-fleshed fish, like the tilapia here. **More
Healthy Fish Recipes**

By Aniamma Philip

December 2006

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Red Fish Curry

Credit: (C) Petrina Tinslay

## Recipe Summary

active:

40 mins

total:

1 hr

Yield:

6

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1/2 cup vegetable oil 
  * 1/2 cup fresh curry leaves 
  * 15 garlic cloves, smashed 
  * 4 medium shallots, thinly sliced 
  * One 2-inch piece of ginger, peeled and julienned (1/4 cup) 
  * 4 long hot green chiles, seeded and thinly sliced crosswise 
  * 1 tablespoon ground coriander 
  * 1/2 teaspoon turmeric 
  * 1/4 teaspoon cayenne 
  * 2 tablespoons tamarind puree 
  * 1 cup tomato puree or one 14-ounce can of whole tomatoes with juice, pureed in a food processor 
  * Six 6-ounce skinless tilapia fillets 
  * Salt and freshly ground black pepper 
  * Cilantro leaves, for garnish 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

In a very large, deep skillet, heat the oil. Add the curry leaves and cook
over moderately low heat until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add the garlic and
cook until softened, about 3 minutes. Add the shallots, ginger and chiles and
cook for 5 minutes. Add the coriander, turmeric and cayenne and cook,
stirring, until fragrant, about 2 minutes. Add the tamarind and tomato purees
and simmer over low heat until thickened, about 10 minutes.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Season the tilapia fillets with salt and black pepper and nestle them in the
sauce. Cover and simmer over moderately low heat, turning once, until the fish
is just cooked through, about 4 minutes per side. Transfer the fish to plates
and spoon the sauce on top. Garnish with the cilantro leaves and serve.

##  Make Ahead

The recipe can be prepared through Step 1 and refrigerated overnight.

##  Serve With

White rice and lime wedges.

##  Suggested Pairing

A fragrant, fruity white like Gewurztraminer will cool the curry's spiciness.
Though Alsace makes the most famous Gewurztraminers, Mendocino producers also
create incredibly aromatic dry Gewurztraminers year after year.

Advertisement

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews (1)

Add Rating & Review

Sort by:  Newest

Newest Oldest

Food & Wine Member

Rating: 3 stars

05/22/2022

No

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Red Fish Curry

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Red Fish Curry

##  All Reviews for Red Fish Curry

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Food & Wine

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Books from Food & Wine
  * Contact Us
  * Advertise
  * Content Licensing
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithFood & Wine is part of the Meredith Corporation Allrecipes Food Group.
(C) Copyright 2022 Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Privacy
Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in a new
tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis link
opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Food & Wine. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.foodandwine.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Red Fish Curry

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

