https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/thai-red-fish-curry/46681c03-eaa6-47cb-9be1-734e208fefe8


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Thai red fish curry

  * _20m_ prep
  * _20m_ cook
  * _4_ servings 

19

Save Recipe

884 people saved this

15 people made this

Break out of your weeknight meal rotation with this quick and easy dinner,
packed with flavour.

D

Dominic Smith

969 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain egg, mustard, sulphites and fish.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 13 Ingredients 
  * 4 Method Steps 

#### 13 Ingredients

  * 4 eggs 

  * 60ml (1/4 cup) vegetable oil 

  * 2 red onions, finely chopped 

  * 2 cloves garlic, crushed 

  * 1 stalk lemongrass, white part only, finely chopped 

  * 75g (1/4 cup) Thai red curry paste (see note) 

  * 2 tbsp brown sugar 

  * 2x 400ml cans coconut cream 

  * 2 bunches broccolini, trimmed, cut into 3cm pieces 

  * 800g barramundi fillet, skinned, pin-boned, cut into 3cm pieces 

  * 2 limes, juiced 

  * 2 tbsp chopped coriander 

  * Steamed white rice (optional), to serve 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 4 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Cook eggs  (4 eggs) in a saucepan of boiling salted water for 7 minutes. Drain
and rinse under cold running water until cool enough to handle, then peel and
set aside.

  * Step 2

Meanwhile, heat vegetable oil  (60ml (1/4 cup) vegetable oil) in a large,
heavy-based saucepan over mediumâ€“high heat. Add onions  (2 red onions, finely
chopped), garlic  (2 cloves garlic, crushed), lemongrass  (1 stalk lemongrass,
white part only, finely chopped) and curry paste  (75g (1/4 cup) Thai red
curry paste (see note)), then cook, stirring frequently, for 5 minutes or
until onion and lemongrass are soft.

  * Step 3

Stir in brown sugar  (2 tbsp brown sugar), coconut cream  (2x 400ml cans
coconut cream) and 160ml (2/3 cup) water. Bring to a simmer, then add
broccolini  (2 bunches broccolini, trimmed, cut into 3cm pieces) and
barramundi  (800g barramundi fillet, skinned, pin-boned, cut into 3cm pieces),
and cook, stirring occasionally, for 6 minutes or until barramundi is just
cooked. Stir in lime  (2 limes, juiced) juice and coriander  (2 tbsp chopped
coriander), then season with salt and pepper.

  * Step 4

Halve boiled eggs and place on curry. Serve with steamed white rice  (Steamed
white rice (optional), to serve), if using.

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

15 people made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

884 people saved this

### Recipe Notes

We used Ayam Thai Red Curry Paste, from supermarkets. Substitute other firm
white-fleshed fish, such as snapper or ling, for barramundi.

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by Jeremy Simons

##  Popular on Taste

  1. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

  2. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  3. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  4. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

  5. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

  6. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  7. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

  8. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

