https://www.thepetitecook.com/thai-red-fish-curry/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Recipes
  * Italian Recipes
  * Lifestyle
  * Cookbooks
  * ## Nav Social Menu

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * Twitter

  * search...

menu icon

  * Recipes
  * About
  * Cookbooks
  * Lifestyle
  * Travel
  * Press

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

subscribe

search icon

search...

  * Recipes
  * About
  * Cookbooks
  * Lifestyle
  * Travel
  * Press

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

Ã—

Home Â» Recipes Â» Fish and Seafood Recipes

# Thai Fish Curry

Published: Feb 2, 2022 Â· Modified: Feb 2, 2022 by Andrea

Jump to Recipe

_This quick Thai Fish Curry is ready in 20 min and loaded with fish and
veggies. It's also dairy-free and gluten-free._

Thai fish curry is one of those  **quick meals you can whip up in no time** ,
without planning ahead.

When I don't feel like spending too much time cooking this is one of my go-to
dinner recipes.

It comes together all in one pot, and it's incredibly simple to prepare.

I can't claim this  **20-minute Thai red fish curry** is super traditional,
but it's an easier and quicker version of traditional Thai curry.

It's also naturally **gluten-free, dairy-free and nut-free.**

It's **totally freezer-friendly** and easy to customize with your favorite
fish, seafood, and vegetables.

Jump to:

  * INGREDIENT TIPS
  * DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THAI RED CURRY AND THAI GREEN CURRY
  * HOW TO MAKE THAI FISH CURRY
  * HOW TO STORE THAI CURRY
  * ðŸ“– RECIPE

## **INGREDIENT TIPS**

When it comes to this easy Thai red curry, versatility is one of the things I
love more about.

You can use pretty much any fish fillet and seafood you have at hand.

For this Thai fish curry recipe, I used:

  * mussels
  * scallops
  * trout fillets
  * hake fillets

Alternatively, you can **use your favourite fish and seafood.**

Here are some other great fish options:

  * salmon fillets
  * halibut fillets
  * red snapper
  * cod fillets
  * mackarel fillets
  * king prawns

The same goes for vegetables, you can use anything you like.

Here are my go-to **Thai curry vegetables:**

  * bell pepper
  * snow peas
  * pak choi
  * white onion
  * carrot

Together with the fish and veggies, you will need to **add some Thai curry
staples.**

I use the following ingredients to bring my curry to life:

  * Thai red curry paste
  * coconut milk
  * lemongrass
  * coriander
  * lime

You can also add some **fresh kaffir lime leaves and galangal** if you have
them on hand.

## **DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THAI RED CURRY AND THAI GREEN CURRY**

The red curry is the absolute star of this dish, obviously.

Many readers ask me on a regular basis which curry is best to use when it
comes to Thai curry.

The **main difference between Thai red curry and green curry paste** is the
color and the chilies used.

**Red curry** is made from dried red chilies. **Green curry** instead, gets
its signature colour from fresh green chilies, to enhance the flavour, basil,
coriander, and lime leaves are also added.

**Red curry is less spicy** than green curry, so it's the best choice if you
don't like super spicy stuff.

This recipe calls for red curry paste, but you can use green curry paste if
you like.

For the curry paste, you can, of course, make your own, as I often do.

If you're in a hurry, just buy a good quality Thai red curry paste from your
local Asian store, or from the international aisle of a big supermarket.

## **HOW TO MAKE THAI FISH CURRY**

Once you have all your ingredients ready, this one-pot **Thai red fish curry
comes together in just 20 minutes** and 3 simple steps:

**Step 1 â€“ Stir-fry the veggies**

Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat, add in the vegetables and stir-fry
them for about 4 minutes.

**Step 2 â€“ Add in the curry paste**

Add the curry paste and sugar, and stir-fry for a further 2 minutes.

**Step 3 â€“ Add the fish**

Add the fish and seafood, coconut milk, and aromatics. Cook all ingredients
for a few minutes.

Turn the heat off, drizzle with lime juice, sprinkle with fresh coriander and
serve with steamed rice.

**In less than 30 min** you'll have a vibrant meal that's light, loaded with
veggies, and packed with good fish protein.

Served with Jasmine rice or basmati rice on the side, this **Thai red fish
curry** makes a nourishing balanced meal, perfect for a quick weeknight
dinner.

## **HOW TO STORE THAI CURRY**

Transfer leftover curry into an air-tight container.

Store **in the fridge for up to 2 days** or **in the freezer for up to 1
month**.

Defrost the curry and reheat it gently in a large skillet.

### **MORE ASIAN-STYLE RECIPES YOU NEED TO TRY**

If you love Asian cuisine as much as I do, check out these other vibrant
recipes:

  * The Easiest Vegan Pad Thai
  *  Sweet Chili Salmon Soba Noodles
  * Thai Green Curry Mussels
  * Thai Vegan Green Curry
  * Easy Thai Prawn Curry
  * Easy Salmon Pho (Vietnamese Noodle Soup)
  * Vietnamese Salmon Summer Rolls

#### **DID YOU MAKE THIS RECIPE?**

Please let me know how you liked it! Leave a comment below and share a picture
on Instagram with the hashtag #thepetitecook!

Don't forget to subscribe to my newsletter and follow along on Facebook,
Pinterest and Instagram for all of the latest updates

## ðŸ“– RECIPE

Print SaveSaved!

4.74 from 26 votes

# Thai Fish Curry

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

This quick Thai Fish Curry is ready in 20 min and loaded with fish and
veggies. It's also dairy-free and gluten-free.

Prep Time10 mins

Cook Time10 mins

Total Time20 mins

Course: Main

Cuisine: thai

Serving: 4

Calories: 549kcal

Author: Andrea Soranidis - The Petite Cook

## Ingredients

1x2x3x

  * 2 tablespoon olive oil
  * 1 garlic clove, minced
  * Â½ teaspoon fresh ginger, minced
  * 1 red chili pepper
  * Â½ onion
  * Â½ red bell pepper
  * 1 carrot
  * 1 pak choi, halved
  * 60 g snow peas
  * 2-Â½ tablespoon Thai red curry paste
  * 1 tablespoon brown sugar
  * 200 g fresh hake fillet
  * 1 medium trout fillet
  * 5 fresh scallops
  * 100 g fresh mussels, cleaned
  * 1 can coconut milk
  * 1 tablespoon fish sauce
  * Â½ lemongrass
  * Â½ lime
  * handful fresh coriander, chopped
  * Jasmine rice, steamed, to serve

### Instructions

  * Finely slice the onion and carrot. Remove seeds and white filaments from the bell pepper and finely slice.

  * Remove skin from both the hake and trout, cut into chunks and set aside. Also remove the coral from the scallops and set them aside.

  * Heat a large wok or cast iron skillet with the olive oil over medium heat. Add in the garlic, ginger, whole chilli pepper, onion, bell pepper, carrot, pak choi and snow peas, and stir-fry for 2 minutes.

  * Add in the Thai red curry paste and sugar and cook for another minute.

  * Move the vegetables over the sides of the wok, and add into the center the hake and trout fillets, followed by the scallops and mussels, and stir-fry for 1 minute.

  * Pour in the coconut milk and fish sauce, and add in the lemongrass. Cook for 5 minutes, then remove the lemongrass and whole chilli pepper. If it's too thick, add a splash of water, and adjust seasoning to taste.

  * Remove from the heat, squeeze half lime over the curry, and sprinkle with fresh coriander on top.

  * Serve immediately with steamed jasmine rice on the side.

#### Notes

#### Other fish & seafood options:

  * white fish such as cod, pollock, red snapper, mackarel
  * salmon or wild salmon
  * king prawns
  * clams

Did you try this recipe? Tag @thepetitecook or use the hashtag #thepetitecook
\- Looking at your pictures makes my day!

#### Nutrition

Calories: 549kcal | Carbohydrates: 21g | Protein: 37g | Fat: 38g | Saturated
Fat: 23g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 3g | Monounsaturated Fat: 9g | Cholesterol:
57mg | Sodium: 710mg | Potassium: 1525mg | Fiber: 6g | Sugar: 12g | Vitamin A:
13224IU | Vitamin C: 132mg | Calcium: 328mg | Iron: 6mg

The information shown is an estimate provided by an online nutrition
calculator. It should not be considered a substitute for a professional
nutritionistâ€™s advice.

## More Fish and Seafood Recipes

  * Creamy Salmon Pasta with Spinach

  * Easy Thai Prawn Curry

  * Prawn Linguine - Authentic Italian Recipe

  * Creamy Tuna Pasta Bake

1311 shares

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Pinterest
  * Yummly

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Kris says

May 05, 2022 at 3:58 am

  
This was so good! Used steel head trout for fish and added some dried red
chilis after tasting. Will definitely make again.

Reply

  2. Tamanna says

July 29, 2021 at 8:10 am

I be cooking it for my dinner.I be adding tofu instead of carrot..The image of
your curry is amazing i hope my one turns out like yours..

Reply

  3. Brett says

May 17, 2021 at 9:22 am

  
This recipie was deliciohs, i substituted the seafood ingredients for a carp i
had caught and filleted the day before and it paired perfectly.

Reply

  4. john zimmerman says

October 09, 2020 at 9:54 am

thank you as always

Reply

  5. Farrukh says

September 20, 2020 at 5:30 am

  
I made it and it turned out amazing. Thanks

Reply

  6. Melissa says

April 19, 2020 at 1:25 pm

  
This was AMAZING! Absolutely loved it and its on the favourites list after one
cook. Thanks so much.

Reply

  7. Jacqueline Bellefontaine (@RecipeCrumbs) says

March 12, 2020 at 4:41 pm

I would really like to try this recipe. I would have to leave the mussels out
as I am allergic to them but it looks delicious and I am sure it would be fine
without them

Reply

  8. fashionmommywm says

June 07, 2017 at 9:05 am

I love Thai food, and red curry is a real fave, just not with mussels for me.

Reply

  9. Emma Jones says

June 07, 2017 at 8:08 am

This looks phenomenal! I love the colour of it and how fresh it looks. Those
scallops look immense too. Definitely going to try this x

Reply

  10. chelf says

June 01, 2017 at 12:10 pm

I love a good curry like nothing in the world! This looks delish and your
photography is amazing!

Reply

    * Andrea says

June 01, 2017 at 5:26 pm

Aww thank you so much!!!

Reply

  11. Dr.Amrita Basu says

June 01, 2017 at 11:57 am

I love this Red fish curry .It's delicious and healthy too.Will be followING
your tips to the T!

Reply

    * Andrea says

June 01, 2017 at 5:27 pm

anything healthy and delicious has my name all over it! Thank you so much xx

Reply

  12. Debbie says

May 19, 2017 at 8:28 pm

1\. This meal looks beyond delicious. I'm not sure my diet would work out. 2.
The images are amazing!

Reply

  13. Catering Den Haag says

May 17, 2017 at 11:08 am

This looks like the perfect dish! Yum!

Reply

  14. carol says

May 16, 2017 at 8:09 pm

Definitely going to try this! And I loved your recipe for Vietnamese summer
rolls -- I lived there last year so it was great to see this recipe!

Reply

    * Andrea says

May 16, 2017 at 11:07 pm

Thank you so much, Carol ðŸ™‚ Please do let me know how your curry turns out,
it's always great to hear feedbacks!

Reply

  15. Deimarys says

May 16, 2017 at 7:23 pm

I love the presentation and how easy you explain the whole process. Sounds a
little spicy?! I would love to try it though!

Reply

    * Andrea says

May 16, 2017 at 11:09 pm

Thank you so much! Yes, it's definitely on the spicy side, but not
overwhelming, you can omit the extra chili and add a bit more coconut milk to
make it milder ðŸ™‚

Reply

  16. Khushboo says

May 16, 2017 at 4:35 am

I love Thai food but used to think that their dishes are too complicated to
make at home. Love this easy peasy recipe ðŸ™‚

Reply

  17. Emily Lauren says

May 16, 2017 at 3:53 am

Wow this looks so yummy! I've never cooked with curry before, but I would love
to!

Reply

  18. Leslie M. Guzman says

May 15, 2017 at 12:06 pm

I couldn't even begin to dream of cooking like this. Nope. I'll just admire
yours. Loops great and so delicious.

Reply

  19. myjoyfulsource says

May 15, 2017 at 11:36 am

I love seafood and all types of curry!!! I am so mouth-watering with your
pictures, I bet they're sooo good!!

Reply

  20. Anosa says

May 15, 2017 at 8:47 am

You have definitely made it look so easy but I can guarantee you I would mess
up somewhere lol. But I will try your recipe as I try looks real delicious

Reply

  21. Ideefixe says

May 15, 2017 at 8:18 am

I think I'll make a vegan version of this curry, I love coconut milk in my
curries!  
Thanks for this easy recipe.

Reply

  22. DOT says

May 15, 2017 at 7:53 am

Oh this looks fantastic! I havent cooked curry before but I need to give it a
try one day.

Reply

  23. alifeofauthenticity says

May 15, 2017 at 2:32 am

OMG that looks so good! I love Thai food and the red curry is one of my
favorites. I would love to try this recipe, but I'm a lazy cook. Maybe when my
mom comes to visit...;-) Thanks for sharing this recipe. I'm sure it's
delicious.

Reply

  24. Devina says

May 15, 2017 at 2:21 am

This looks so good! I love Thai anything and this fish curry is just right up
my alley! Can't wait to give it a go!

Reply

  25. Leigh Anne says

May 15, 2017 at 1:33 am

This looks like a great dish to make. I have not had any Thai food ever so I
know I need to experience that.

Reply

  26. Akamatra says

May 14, 2017 at 4:14 pm

Wow your photos are to die for! And the recipe is delicious! It's on for next
week so wish me luck!

Reply

    * Andrea says

May 15, 2017 at 6:46 am

Thank you so much! Let me know how your curry turns out ðŸ™‚

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Î”

## Primary Sidebar

## **About Andrea**

  
Welcome to my kitchen!  
Iâ€™m Andrea, I'm Italian, and I absolutely LOVE cooking.  
Grab a fork and join me!  
 _READ MORE ABOUT MEâ€¦_

## Footer

â†‘ back to top

### **Follow us**

  *   *   *   * 

#### **Quick and Easy Italian Recipes Anyone Can Cook**

* * *

#### **About Andrea**

Privacy Policy

#### **Work with us**

Terms

#### **Press**

Nutrition Disclaimer

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright Â© 2022 **The Petite Cook**. The Petite CookÂ® is a registered
trademark.

