https://mamalovestocook.com/easy-thai-red-fish-curry-recipe/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

Mama Loves to Cook

  * Recipes
  * Resources
  * About Me
    * Contact Me
    * Work with Me
    * Privacy Policy

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Resources
  * About Me
  * Work with Me

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

×

Family Dinners » Easy Thai Red Fish Curry

Published: May 5, 2022 · Modified: May 5, 2022 by Marianne Rogerson ·

# Easy Thai Red Fish Curry

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Pinterest

Jump to Recipe

_This easy Thai Red Fish Curry recipe is bursting with delicious Thai flavours
with fragrant spices and a rich creamy sauce._

This Thai red curry fish is a staple recipe in my house and one of my
favourite ways to cook fish.

The combination of the rich sweetness of coconut, fragrant Thai spices and
zesty citrus flavours is to die for.

Best of all it is ready in just 30 minutes, making it a perfect quick
weeknight dinner.

_Mama Loves to Cook is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates
Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for
sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com_

_This post contains affiliate links. If you make a booking or purchase using
one of these links, we may receive a small commission – at absolutely no extra
cost to you._

## Ingredients

This recipe for Thai fish curry uses the following ingredients.

  * **Onions**
  *  **Garlic and ginger** \- the quantities may seem a lot but don't skimp on these, they add a wonderful flavour to the dish! 
  * **Thai red curry paste** \- this is where the majority of flavour from your dish is going to come from so make sure you get a good quality paste. Or make your own (my recipe coming soon!). Red curry paste is less spicy than green curry paste but if you are cooking for kids or like a milder curry you might want to add less. 
  * **Palm sugar** \- I often substitute this with brown sugar, you could also use white sugar if that is all you have. 
  * **Fish sauce -** true, it doesn't smell very good, but fish sauce is one of the basic ingredients of Thai cooking and helps give an authentic flavour. It is very salty and so additional salt is not usually required. 
  * **Fresh lime juice** \- from a freshly squeezed lime.
  *  **Kaffir lime leaves** \- another staple in Thai cuisine, these help to add subtle layers of citrus to the dish. These can be stored in a ziploc bag in the freezer for up to a year so you don't need to buy them every time. You can substitute with a little lime zest. 
  * **Coconut milk** \- for a rich and creamy curry, go for a regular coconut milk (not light/reduced fat). You can also use coconut cream for a thicker sauce but I find this a little _too_ rich and prefer to use coconut milk.
  *  **Vegetables** \- the vegetables I regularly use in this recipe are bell peppers, green beans and baby corn. You can add any vegetables you like or that need using up. Snow peas or sugar snap peas, broccoli or bok choy / pak choi all work well too
  *  **Fish** \- see below for recommendations on the type of fish to use.

## The Best Fish for Fish Curry

Any firm-fleshed white fish will work well in a curry. Some options include
cod, halibut, ling, snapper, barramundi, mahi mahi.

Try to buy fish fillets that are all the same thickness so that you can cut it
into even-sized pieces to ensure even cooking.

## How to make Red Thai Fish Curry

You can whip up this Thai curry fish recipe quickly and easily. I like to make
mine in a flat bottomed wok, but you can use a large saucepan or large skillet
too.

Start by cooking the onion, followed by the garlic and ginger (your kitchen
will already start to smell amazing at this stage!)

Next add the red Thai curry paste and allow the spices to cook for a few
minutes before stirring in the coconut milk.

Add the sugar, fish sauce, lime juice and lime leaves to build layers of
sweet, sour, salty and citrus and leave it to bubble away to allow all the
flavours to develop.

When the curry sauce has thickened, add in the vegetables in order of cooking
time required (I use green beans, followed by red bell pepper and baby corn)
and then finally add in the fish.

The fish should only take around 3-5 minutes to cook.

Sprinkle with some fresh coriander if you like and serve with some steamed
jasmine rice and lime wedges.

## FAQs and Top Tips

**How to store Fish Curry**

Store any leftover fish curry in an airtight container in the fridge for up to
3 days.

**What is the best way to reheat fish curry?**

The best way to reheat leftover curry is in a saucepan or wok over a medium
heat until piping hot. Avoid reheating in the microwave which can lead to
uneven heating and/or rubbery fish.

**Can I freeze Thai fish curry?**

You can freeze a fish curry but it won't be as good when defrosted and
reheated. A better option is to freeze any leftover sauce and then add fresh
fish after defrosting and reheating the sauce.

**Can you make this ahead?**

If you want to get ahead with this fish Thai curry then I recommend making the
sauce ahead of time and adding the vegetables and fish when you reheat it.
Both vegetables and fish can be prepared ahead of time and kept in airtight
containers in the fridge until ready to cook.

**Love curry? You might also like these recipes:**

  * Leftover Chicken Curry
  * Chicken and Pumpkin Curry
  * Leftover Turkey Curry
  * Homemade Curry Powder

Continue to Content

Yield: Serves 4

## Easy Thai Red Fish Curry

Print

This easy Thai Red Fish Curry recipe is bursting with delicious Thai flavours
with fragrant spices and a rich creamy sauce.

**Prep Time** 5 minutes

**Cook Time** 25 minutes

**Total Time** 30 minutes

### Ingredients

  * 1 tbsp oil 
  * 1 onion, finely chopped 
  * 3 cloves garlic, crushed or finely chopped 
  * ½ inch piece fresh ginger, grated or finely chopped 
  * 3 tbsp Thai red curry paste 
  * 400ml can coconut milk 
  * 1 tbsp fish sauce 
  * 1 tsp palm sugar (or brown sugar) 
  * 1 tbsp freshly squeezed lime juice 
  * 2 Kaffir lime leaves 
  * 1 red bell pepper, sliced 
  * 100g (4oz) green beans 
  * 100g (4oz) baby corn 
  * 750g (1.5lbs) white fish, cut into 2-inch cubes 

### Instructions

  1. Heat the oil over a medium-high heat in a wok or skillet. Add the onions and cook until soft.
  2. Add the garlic and ginger and stir for another 2 minutes.
  3. Add the curry paste. Stir well and cook for a few minutes.
  4. Stir in the coconut milk then add the fish sauce, sugar, lime juice and kaffir lime leaves. Allow to simmer for around 10 minutes for the flavours to infuse and the sauce to thicken.
  5. Add the beans and cook for 3 minutes.
  6. Add the red bell pepper and baby corn and cook for a further 2 minutes. 
  7. Add the fish and cook for 3-5 minutes until just cooked through. 
  8. Sprinkle with fresh coriander and serve with jasmine rice and lime wedges on the side. 

### Notes

You can substitute with any vegetables you like or need to use up. Broccoli,
snow peas or sugar snap peas and bok choy all work well.

Any leftover curry will keep in an airtight container in the fridge for up to
3 days. It is best to be reheated on the stove top over a medium heat until
heated through.

#### Nutrition Information:

#### Yield:

4

#### Serving Size:

1  
_Amount Per Serving:_ Calories: 406Total Fat: 26gSaturated Fat: 19gTrans Fat:
0gUnsaturated Fat: 5gCholesterol: 24mgSodium: 873mgCarbohydrates: 32gFiber:
4gSugar: 10gProtein: 18g

(C) Marianne Rogerson

**Cuisine:** Thai  / **Category:** Family Dinners

« Easy Thermomix Carbonara

Thermomix Apple Pie »

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Pinterest

**COPYRIGHT 2020 MAMA LOVES TO COOK**

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

## Primary Sidebar

Hi I'm Marianne and I'm a Mama who Loves to Cook! Come share in the cooking
fun as I search for recipes for easy family dinners, lunch box fillers,
baking, cookies, cakes and more **.**.

More about me →

Search

Search

### Popular Recipes

  * Traditional Chinese Dumplings (a step by step guide)

  * Leftover Chicken Curry

  * Crispy Chicken Schnitzel

  * How to Make Pizza Scrolls (step by step guide)

  * Date and Oat Slice

  * Overnight Oats with Chia

### Thermomix Recipes

  * Thermomix Mojitos

  * Thermomix Buttercream Icing

  * Thermomix Chicken Soup

  * Hollandaise Sauce Thermomix

  * Mac and Cheese Thermomix

  * Thermomix Banana and Honey Muffins

## Footer

### About Mama Loves to Cook

Hi I'm Marianne and I'm a Mama who Loves to Cook! Come share in the cooking
fun as I search for recipes for easy family dinners, lunch box fillers,
baking, cookies, cakes and more. Read More…

### Web Stories

See latest web stories here.

### My Favorites

### stay connected

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * About
  * Privacy Policy

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates

### Contact

  * Contact

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2020 **Brunch Pro** on the Brunch Pro Theme

Copyright (C) 2022 Mama Loves to Cook on the Brunch Pro Theme  

Skip to Recipe

