https://www.dinneratthezoo.com/pan-fried-noodles/


  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * Twitter

  * About
  * Contact Me
  *     * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * RSS
    * Twitter

Dinner at the Zoo

  * All Recipes
  * Dinner
  * Appetizers
  * Dessert
  * One Pot Meals
  * Slow Cooker
  * Asian Food

Home » Asian Food » Pan Fried Noodles

Published: July 24, 2019 Last Modified: July 24, 2019 By Sara 22 Comments

# Pan Fried Noodles

  * Pinterest
  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Email

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

 _These pan fried noodles are tossed with colorful vegetables and coated in a
savory sauce. A quick and easy meal option that can be customized in so many
different ways. Best of all, this noodle stir fry can be on the table in just
20 minutes!_

I love to make my own Asian style dishes at home including cream cheese
wontons, sweet and sour chicken and these delicious and versatile pan fried
noodles.

Whenever I visit my local Chinese food restaurant, I find myself ordering a
noodle dish. These pan fried noodles are one of my favorites, and they are so
easy to make at home! All you need is some fresh noodles, an assortment of
vegetables, and a handful ingredients for the sauce.

## How do you make pan fried noodles?

You can make delicious pan fried noodles by cooking up some shredded carrots
and white onions in a pan along with green onions and garlic. The next step is
to add the noodles to the pan, and cook them in a little oil until browned and
crispy. After that, all you have to do is make some sauce by whisking together
soy sauce, hoisin sauce, sesame oil and cornstarch. Combine the sauce, noodles
and veggies together in a pan and the dish is ready to serve.

## Tips for pan fried noodles

  * Save yourself some time and hassle by using refrigerated noodles which are already cooked and don't need to be boiled. Most grocery stores sell Asian style noodles in the refrigerated area of the produce section. If you have an Asian supermarket available, you will have access to a wide variety of noodles.
  * I use a bag of pre-shredded carrots to save on prep time.
  * The sauce can be mixed together up to one day before you make your noodles. Give the sauce a quick whisk before you add it to the pan.

## Which noodles are best for stir fry?

I like to use thin noodles for stir fry, for example Japanese noodles like
yakisoba or thin Chinese egg noodles like Hong Kong noodles or chow mein
noodles. You want a thin noodle with a mild flavor that works well with
veggies and absorbs the flavors of the sauce. Thin noodles are easy to crisp
up in a pan to give your dish a nice texture. Yakisoba noodles are commonly
found in most major grocery stores and should be easy to locate for this
recipe. You can also use a thicker noodle if you prefer, such as Shanghai
noodles. Can't find fresh noodles? Look for a dried noodle instead, and cook
the noodles before proceeding with the recipe instructions.

## Pan fried noodle variations

These delicious noodles can be customized by adding meats, other veggies or
sauces.

  * Protein: These noodles go great with chicken, beef, pork or shrimp.You can also add cubed tofu or scrambled egg to keep this a vegetarian dish.
  * Vegetables: Feel free to modify the veggies by adding broccoli, bok choy, snow peas, baby corn or any other vegetables that you like.
  * Sauce: You can change up the sauce by adding ginger, chili sauce or oyster sauce depending on whether you like spicier noodles, or noodles with a rich savory flavor.

## What is the difference between lo mein and pan fried noodles?

Lo mein and and pan fried noodles are similar dishes, but pan fried noodles
are served crispier than lo mein noodles. To get that good crispy texture, pan
fried noodles use thinner noodles. Lo mein noodles are served soft and use
thicker noodles. Pan fried noodles are often cooked longer in the pan than lo
mein noodles. The longer the noodles are in the pan, the crispier they get.

This  recipe is a quick and easy way to serve up fantastic noodles that can be
customized however you like. Don't bother with Chinese takeout when you can
have these hot and fresh noodles anytime at home!

### More great Asian food recipes

  * Vegetable Stir Fry
  * Mongolian Chicken
  * Teriyaki Pork Stir Fry
  * Pepper Steak Stir Fry
  * Ramen Noodle Salad

Print Pin

5 from 18 votes

## Pan Fried Noodles

These pan fried noodles are tossed with colorful vegetables and coated in a
savory sauce. A quick and easy meal option that can be customized in so many
different ways. Best of all, this noodle stir fry can be on the table in just
25 minutes!

Course Main

Cuisine Asian

Prep Time 10 minutes

Cook Time 15 minutes

Total Time 25 minutes

Servings 4

Calories 397kcal

Author Sara Welch

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 1 tablespoon \+ 2 teaspoons vegetable oil divided use
  * ▢ 1 cup shredded carrots
  * ▢ 1/2 cup white onion thinly sliced
  * ▢ 1/2 cup green onions cut into 1 inch pieces, then thinly sliced lengthwise
  * ▢ 2 teaspoons minced garlic
  * ▢ 12 ounces cooked fresh noodles such as yakisoba or Hong Kong noodles
  * ▢ 1/4 cup low sodium soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon toasted sesame oil
  * ▢ 2 teaspoons  cornstarch
  * ▢ 1 cup bean sprouts
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon sesame seeds
  * ▢ thinly sliced green onions for garnish optional

### Instructions

  * Heat 2 teaspoons of vegetable oil over medium high heat in a large pan. Add the carrots and white onions to the pan.

  * Cook for 3-5 minutes or until vegetables are softened.

  * Add the green onions and garlic and cook for 30 seconds. Remove the vegetables from the pan, and cover to keep warm.

  * Rinse the noodles under hot water to separate them. 

  * Heat the remaining tablespoon of vegetable oil in the pan. Add the noodles and cook for 3-4 minutes per side or until browned and crispy on the edges.

  * Add the vegetables back to the pan.

  * In a small bowl, whisk together the soy sauce, hoisin sauce, sesame oil, cornstarch and 2 tablespoons of cold water.

  * Add the bean sprouts to the pan, and toss to combine.

  * Add the sauce to the pan and bring to a simmer. Cook for 2-3 minutes or until sauce has just thickened and bean sprouts have wilted.

  * Sprinkle with sesame seeds and additional green onions if desired, then serve.

### Nutrition

Calories: 397kcal | Carbohydrates: 86g | Protein: 3g | Fat: 8g | Saturated
Fat: 1g | Cholesterol: 1mg | Sodium: 631mg | Potassium: 243mg | Fiber: 3g |
Sugar: 5g | Vitamin A: 5470IU | Vitamin C: 9.7mg | Calcium: 74mg | Iron: 3mg

Tried this Recipe? Tag me Today!Mention @DinnerAtTheZoo or tag
#dinneratthezoo!

  * Pinterest
  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Email

Filed Under: Asian Food, Dinner

## FREE TOOLKIT: 5 Secrets to Meal Planning

Learn my _5 Meal Planning Secrets_ & get my Meal Planning Toolkit...FREE!

Yes, Sign Me Up!

​  
​

**Still hungry? Follow Dinner at the Zoo onFacebook, Twitter, Instagram and
Pinterest for more great recipe ideas!**

« Mushroom Steak Sauce

Hunan Chicken »

### Comments

  1. Jill says

June 17, 2021 at 5:37 pm

  
Easy and very good! Tasted better than takeout .

Reply

  2. Kristen says

January 16, 2021 at 6:58 pm

This was delicious! I don’t make any type of Asian food very often. But I am
going to be hooked on this. I hadn’t tried hoisin sauce at least in my own
cooking, but I’m going to use it in other recipes too. I added broccoli,
mushrooms, and cabbage. I used lo mein noodles. Although, it may not have been
the true intent of the recipe, I loved it. I might try some of the other
noodles another time, but I didn’t mind the lo mein at all. Thanks for the
recipe!

Reply

  3. Katie says

January 12, 2021 at 7:48 pm

  
Easy and wonderful! Tasted like take out food which we love!

Reply

  4. Scott Dean says

May 22, 2020 at 10:20 am

I read what you say about lo mein noodles being thicker and softer. Has anyone
tried this recipe using leftover lo mein from your favorite Chinese
restaurant? I can never eat a full order and long for a different texture the
next day.

Reply

    * Paula Fritchman says

May 28, 2020 at 4:20 pm

My supermarket did not have any yaki soba or Hong Kong noodles, so I bought
fresh lo mein. The noodles are likely stickover but they taste just fine.

Reply

    * srinivas v says

March 19, 2021 at 8:53 am

  
I tried this pan fry noodle with adding prawns. The taste was excellent..
thankq for Recipe

Reply

  5. Sarah says

May 5, 2020 at 4:50 am

  
This was so easy and SO good! I will be making this many, many times again.
Thank you!

Reply

  6. Cindy says

March 23, 2020 at 11:42 am

  
So quick and easy with ingredients I also have in the house. I've even added
some tofu when I have it.

Reply

  7. Allison Mackin says

March 15, 2020 at 4:03 pm

  
This recipe is fantastic! I've made it about 5 times now and it's turned out
great each time. I also add baked tofu cubes.

Reply

  8. Deb says

November 30, 2019 at 9:10 pm

  
My family asks for these noodles every week now! I vary up the vegetables and
sometimes add tofu

Reply

  9. SG says

October 27, 2019 at 1:59 pm

  
Can I really use the refrigerated hong kong style noodles without boiling
them..that really would make it so much easier!!

Reply

    * Sara says

October 27, 2019 at 8:16 pm

If they're pre-cooked it's fine! It'll say on the package if you need to boil
them or not.

Reply

  10. Valentina says

August 5, 2019 at 12:39 pm

  
These pan-fried noodles are simple and delicious!

Reply

  11. Katie says

August 5, 2019 at 11:28 am

  
We all love these noodles!

Reply

  12. April says

August 5, 2019 at 10:59 am

  
This is my kind of meal!!

Reply

  13. Stephanie says

August 5, 2019 at 10:40 am

  
These noodles turned out perfectly! Awesome recipe!

Reply

  14. Cyd says

August 5, 2019 at 10:08 am

  
These noodles are amazing! Totally restaurant quality, yum!

Reply

  15. Jennifer says

July 28, 2019 at 4:53 pm

  
Love noodles! We're having stir fry later this week, and I can't wait to try
this alongisde it. YUM!

Reply

  16. Romina says

July 28, 2019 at 4:09 pm

  
I love noodles and I love how easy this is

Reply

  17. Suzy says

July 28, 2019 at 3:31 pm

  
I love how simple the ingredient list is for these noodles and how quickly it
can be made! Just perfect!

Reply

  18. SHANIKA says

July 28, 2019 at 3:05 pm

  
These Pan Fried Noodles look and sound so delicious! This definitely wouldn't
survive in my house!

Reply

  19. cheflolaskitchen says

July 28, 2019 at 2:27 pm

  
Noodles is a family favorite recipe! Love this!

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

  
With 3 young kids, dinner can feel like feeding time at the zoo! I'm a mom on
a mission to create easy, healthy and family friendly recipes ...Read More

#### Grilling Recipes

## Grilled Pork Chops

## Grilled Sweet Potatoes

## BBQ Rub Recipe

## Chicken Souvlaki

## Grilled Asparagus in Foil

## Grilled Lobster Tail

More Posts from this Category

#### Featured Recipes

## Chopped Greek Salad

## Cajun Shrimp Recipe

## Coconut Shrimp

## Instant Pot Pot Roast

## FREE TOOLKIT: 5 Secrets to Meal Planning

Learn my _5 Meal Planning Secrets_ & get my Meal Planning Toolkit...FREE!

Yes, Sign Me Up!

​  
​

#### Categories

Categories Select Category Air Fryer Appetizers Asian Food Baking Breakfast
Brunch Cocktail Parties Comfort Food Cookies Crafts and Parties Cupcakes
Dessert Dinner Drinks Easter Easy Meal Plan Sunday Eat Your Veggies Everyday
Meals Featured Recipes Gluten Free Grilling Instant Pot Light & Healthy Lunch
One Pot Meals Pasta Quick & Easy Dinners Roundups Salads Sauces & Seasonings
Side Dishes Slow Cooker Smoker Snacks Soup Spring Recipes St. Patrick's Day
Uncategorized Vegetarian Dishes

PRIVACY POLICY  ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT  © Sara Welch and Dinner at the Zoo®
LLC, 2015-2022.

MENU & SEARCH

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * Twitter

  * About Me
  * Contact Me
  * All Recipes
  * Dinner
  * Appetizers
  * Dessert
  * One Pot Meals
  * Slow Cooker
  * Asian Food

