https://tiffycooks.com/soy-sauce-pan-fried-noodles-15-minutes/


  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Search By Ingredients
      * Beef
      * Pork
      * Chicken
      * Vegetarian
      * Seafood
      * Rice/Noodle
    * Search By Series
      * Dinner Ideas
      * 20 Minutes or Less
      * Vegetarian Friendly
      * Better Than Takeout
      * Freezer Friendly Recipes
      * Appetizers
      * Air Fryer Recipes
      * Instant Pot Recipes
      * Desserts
  * HOW TO START A BLOG
    * HOW MUCH MONEY DO I MAKE AS A FOOD BLOGGER?
    * HOW TO START A BLOG THAT MAKES MONEY!
    * HOW I TRANSITIONED FROM 9-5 TO FT FOOD BLOGGER
    * TOP BLOGGING RECOMMENDATIONS (Courses, Apps, Equipment)
    * How I Manage My Time as an FT Content Creator
  * TRAVEL WITH TIFFY
    * BEST CHEAP EATS IN VANCOUVER (UNDER $20!)
    * 15 MUST-TRY RESTAURANTS IN OAHU, HAWAII
    * What to do in Toronto in 48 Hours
    * Best Bubble Tea In Vancouver
  * Kitchen Essential
    * Condiments
    * Gadgets
    * BEST AIR FRYERS ON AMAZON
    * BEST BLENDERS ON AMAZON

__ __ __

  * 

Tiffy Cooks

Easy Asian Recipes

15 Minute Dinner, 20 Minute Dinner, 20 Minutes or Less, 21 Days of Dinner
Idea, 21 Days of Street Food, Beef, Better Than Takeout, Chicken, Dinner
Ideas, Holiday Series, Nightmarket Series, Pork, Recipes, Rice/Noodle,
Seafood, Search By Ingredients, Search By Series, Takeout Series, Vegetarian,
Vegetarian Friendly * April 19, 2022

# Soy Sauce Pan-fried Noodles (15 Minutes!)

## You will not believe how EASY and quick it is to make these delicious Soy
Sauce Noodles!

Savory, spicy, and super addicting Soy Sauce Pan-fried Noodles **_take less
than 15 minutes to make at home._**

Today, I am making a **_vegetarian-friendly version_** , but you can also add
chicken, pork, or beef to the noodles.

Soy Sauce Pan-fried noodles are a must-try recipe and the perfect weeknight
dinner that goes well with EVERYTHING.

## Soy Sauce Pan-Fried Noodles has been on my and my husband’s weeknight
dinner rotation for the past few weeks!

It takes less than 15 minutes to prepare, and you can **_adjust the
ingredients based on what you have in the fridge_**.

For vegetables, you can add broccoli, bean sprouts, peppers, and baby corn.

For protein, you can add tofu, chicken, beef, or pork.

## The sauce is what makes the Soy Sauce Pan-Fried Noodles super addicting.

A perfect balance between savory and spicy. Depending on your **_spice
tolerance_** , you can **_adjust the amount of Thai red chili to add._**

If you like it spicy, I recommend adding in around 2-3 chopped red chili. You
will need soy sauce, dark soy sauce, sugar, sesame oil, and water for the
sauce.

The sauce tastes good with everything; **_you can even use it as a stir-fry
sauce if you are keto.  _**

## For the noodles, I am using Shanghai Noodles today to make the Soy Sauce
Pan-Fried Noodles.

If you can’t find shanghai Noodles, **_you can also use frozen udon or chow
mein noodles._** Depending on the noodle you are using, there are different
instructions to prepare.

  * If you use **Chow Mein** , blanch the noodles in hot water for 2-3 minutes, rinse with cold water and drain.
  *  **Frozen udon:** pour hot water over the udon to separate, drain and set aside. 
  * **Shanghai noodles** that are already pre-cooked like mine, you don’t have to do anything; however, if not, follow the exact instructions as chow mien. 

## Do you want more **_noodles recipes_**? Here are some of the go-to recipes
that I LOVE!

  * Taiwanese Chow Mein (Authentic Traditional Recipe!)
  * Chow Mein – Better than Takeout!
  * Cold Sesame Noodles (10 Minutes only!)
  * Japchae – Korean Glass Noodle Stir-fry

## Ingredients

  * 450g of Noodles (cooked) 
  * 3 tbsp of Soy Sauce 
  * 2.5 tbsp of Dark Soy Sauce 
  * 2 tbsp of Sugar 
  * 2 tbsp of Sesame Oil 
  * 4 tbsp of Water or Vegetable Stock 
  * 6 cloves of Garlic (sliced) 
  * 3 stalks of Green Onion (cut into 2-inch pieces) 
  * 1-3 Red Chili (chopped)
  * 1.5 cups of Bean Sprouts 

  1. In a bowl, mix soy sauce, dark soy sauce, sesame oil, water, and sugar till combined.
  2. Cook noodle as per instruction, drain and set aside. 
  3. In a pan, drizzle in oil and turn the heat up to medium-high. Once the pan is hot, add garlic, the white part of green onion, and chopped red chili. Saute together for 2-3 minutes 
  4. Add in the noodles and pour in the sauce; mix so all the noodles are coated. 
  5. Turn the heat to high, add in bean sprouts, saute on high heat for 2-3 minutes. 
  6. Add in the rest of the green onion, saute on high heat for 1-2 minutes. 

Print

## Soy Sauce Pan-fried Noodles

You will not believe how EASY and quick it is to make these delicious Soy
Sauce Noodles! Savory, spicy, and super addicting Soy Sauce Pan-fried Noodles
take less than 15 minutes to make at home. Today, I am making a vegetarian-
friendly version, but you can also add chicken, pork, or beef to the noodles.
Soy Sauce Pan-fried noodles are a must try the recipe and the perfect
weeknight dinner that goes well with EVERYTHING.

Prep Time5 mins

Active Time15 mins

Total Time20 mins

Course: Breakfast, Main Course, Side Dish

Cuisine: American, Asian, Chinese, Taiwanese

Yield: 4 People

### Materials

  * 450 g of Noodles cooked
  * 3 tbsp of Soy Sauce
  * 2.5 tbsp of Dark Soy Sauce
  * 2 tbsp of Sugar
  * 2 tbsp of Sesame Oil
  * 4 tbsp of Water or Vegetable Stock
  * 6 cloves of Garlic sliced
  * 3 stalks of Green Onion cut into 2-inch pieces
  * 1-3 Red Chili chopped
  * 1.5 cups of Bean Sprouts

### Instructions

  * In a bowl, mix soy sauce, dark soy sauce, sesame oil, water, and sugar till combined.

  * Cook noodle as per instruction, drain and set aside.

  * In a pan, drizzle in oil and turn the heat up to medium-high. Once the pan is hot, add garlic, the white part of green onion, and chopped red chili. Saute together for 2-3 minutes

  * Add in the noodles and pour in the sauce; mix so all the noodles are coated.

  * Turn the heat to high, add in bean sprouts, saute on high heat for 2-3 minutes.

  * Add in the rest of the green onion, saute on high heat for 1-2 minutes.

### Notes

Depending on the noodle you are using, there are different instructions to
prepare. If you use Chow Mein, blanch the noodles in hot water for 2-3
minutes, rinse with cold water and drain. If you are using frozen udon, pour
hot water over the udon to separate, drain and set aside. If you are using
shanghai noodles that are already pre-cooked like mine, you don’t have to do
anything; however, if not, follow the exact instructions as chow mien.

Posted In: 15 Minute Dinner, 20 Minute Dinner, 20 Minutes or Less, 21 Days of
Dinner Idea, 21 Days of Street Food, Beef, Better Than Takeout, Chicken,
Dinner Ideas, Holiday Series, Nightmarket Series, Pork, Recipes, Rice/Noodle,
Seafood, Search By Ingredients, Search By Series, Takeout Series, Vegetarian,
Vegetarian Friendly

### You'll Also Love

Instant Pot Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup

Crispy Mushroom Chow Mein

Creamy Mushroom Pasta (20 Minutes)

### Comments

  1. Reade says

April 29, 2022 at 1:30 pm

Made this tonight and it was great! What was the brand of noodle you used
making this dish? I had chow mein on hand and it was great!

  2. zoritoler imol says

May 2, 2022 at 4:10 am

Great line up. We will be linking to this great article on our site. Keep up
the good writing.

  3. shoyaatlanta com says

May 12, 2022 at 11:25 pm

I couldn't refrain from commenting. Very well written!

Next Post >

### Creamy Chicken Udon (20 Minutes)

Hi! I am Tiffy and I am a HUGE foodie. I love to cook, I love to eat, and I
love sharing what I love with the world.  
I was born in Taiwan, a country with some of the best street food in the
world. When I think back to my childhood, I remember all the fantastic
restaurants my dad brought me to when I was young. You see, my family is also
huge foodies; we use to wander around night markets every weekend, skip the
last period in class to try out new restaurants, and every summer, we would
travel around Taiwan exploring all the new “must try” dishes around the
country.

#### Archives

  * August 2022
  * July 2022
  * June 2022
  * May 2022
  * April 2022
  * March 2022
  * February 2022
  * January 2022
  * December 2021
  * November 2021
  * October 2021
  * September 2021
  * August 2021
  * July 2021
  * June 2021
  * May 2021
  * April 2021
  * March 2021
  * February 2021
  * January 2021
  * December 2020
  * November 2020
  * October 2020

#### Categories

  * 15 Minute Dinner
  * 20 Minute Dinner
  * 20 Minutes or Less
  * 21 Days of Dinner Idea
  * 21 Days of Street Food
  * Air Fryer
  * Air Fryer Recipes
  * Appetizers
  * Balcony Garden
  * Beef
  * Better Than Takeout
  * Blog
  * BLOGGING
  * Breakfast Series
  * Chicken
  * Condiments
  * Cooking Mama
  * Daily Tiffy
  * Dessert
  * Desserts
  * Dinner Ideas
  * Drinks
  * Eat with Tiffy
  * Freezer Friendly Recipes
  * Fusion Friday
  * Gadgets
  * Healthy Recipes
  * Holiday Series
  * Holiday Series
  * Home
  * In the Kitchen
  * Instant Pot Recipes
  * Kdrama Series
  * Kitchen Essential
  * Lifestyle
  * Lunch Box Series
  * Nightmarket Series
  * Pork
  * Recipes
  * Rice/Noodle
  * Seafood
  * Search By Ingredients
  * Search By Series
  * Soups and Stews
  * Takeout Series
  * Takeout Series
  * Travel with Tiffy
  * TRAVEL WITH TIFFY
  * Uncategorized
  * Vegetarian
  * Vegetarian Friendly

  * Spicy Garlic Noodle (10 Minutes Only!) 1.1k views
  * Mushroom and Basil Udon - 15 Minutes 1k views
  * Soy Sauce Pan-fried Noodles (15 Minutes!) 1k views

#### Trending Now

  * Spicy Garlic Noodle (10 Minutes Only!)
  * Soy Sauce Pan-fried Noodles (15 Minutes!)
  * The BEST Air Fryer Soy Sauce Chicken
  * Asian Honey Garlic Potatoes (Only 5 Ingredient!)

#### Get Exclusive Tiffy Cooks Content

##  hey there!

Hi! I am Tiffy and I am a HUGE foodie. I love to cook, I love to eat, and I
love sharing what I love with the world.

__ __ __

  * Pork
  * Beef
  * Chicken
  * Vegetarian
  * Seafood
  * Rice/Noodle

  * 20 Minutes or Less
  * Dinner Ideas
  * Appetizers
  * Vegetarian Friendly
  * Freezer Friendly Recipes
  * Desserts
  * Air Fryer Recipes
  * Instant Pot Recipes

  * Daily Tiffy
  * Eat with Tiffy
  * Kitchen Essential
  * Travel with Tiffy

  * About Me
  * Get in Touch
  * PRIVACY POLICY

#### LATEST ON INSTAGRAM

### tiffy.cooks

If you only have 15 minutes, I got the perfect rec

I’m not even trying to be DRAMATIC, but if there

Let's pack my husband's lunch box for the week tog

My most viral video is my 10 minutes Spicy Garlic

Final photoshoot day for my cookbook 🥹🥹🥹

Let’s make FRESH Korean Strawberry Milk 🥛 fro

Here is FINALLY my long awaited Creamy Feta Sauce

Load More... Follow on Instagram

Copyright (C) 2022 Tiffy Cooks * Theme by 17th Avenue

