https://thesaltymarshmallow.com/pan-fried-noodles/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

The Salty Marshmallow

Recipes at the intersection of salty and sweet

menu icon

  * Recipes
  * Dinner
  * Dessert
  * One Pot
  * About
  * Contact

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

search icon

Search this website

  * Recipes
  * Dinner
  * Dessert
  * One Pot
  * About
  * Contact

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

×

You are here: Home / Dinner / Pan Fried Noodles

# Pan Fried Noodles

October 21, 2019 By **Natalya** 9 Comments

Share:

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin
  * Yummly

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

Pan Fried Noodles are super quick and perfect for a busy weeknight! They are
covered in a savory sauce and tossed with fresh and bright vegetables.
**Bonus:** This dish is made in one pan. All hail a quick clean-up!

My name’s Natalya and I run the blog Momsdish. In my home, we love authentic
Asian noodle recipes. Some of our go-tos are Japanese **Yakisoba** and Korean
**Japchae**. We just can’t get enough of these stringy, slurpy dishes. I am so
excited to share this recipe for pan-fried Chinese style noodles with you. We
also absolutely love these super easy Sesame Garlic **Ramen Noodles**! Let’s
get cooking!

## What are Pan-Fried Noodles Called?

Most Asian cultures have their own version of a pan-fried noodle dish. This
recipe in particular is closest to that of a Chinese chow mein. If you are a
fan of Chinese take-out, you are probably familiar with this dish.

## What is the Difference Between Lo Mein and Pan-Fried Noodles (Chow Mein)?

In Chinese, **Lo Mein** means “tossed noodles”, while chow mein means “pan-
fried noodles”. Lo mein is sauce-heavy and contains softer noodles, while chow
mein is made up of a crunchier noodles and veggies.

## Best Noodles to Use for Stir Fry?

No matter which noodle you use, keep in mind that FRESH noodles are the best
option for pan-frying. They are pre-cooked and often found in the refrigerated
section of your grocery store’s vegetable or Asian aisle. They are great to
work with and make the whole process of pan-frying that much easier and
quicker.

  * **Yakisoba** \- These Japanese noodles are thick and made from wheat. They contain no eggs and are often steamed and vacuum-sealed for quick reheating. If you have any leftover Yasisoba noodles, you can always make **Sesame Garlic Ramen Noodles**.
  * **Hong Kong Noodles** \- These yellow, egg-based noodles can be found dry or refrigerated. The pre-cooked, refrigerated versions sometimes need to be flash boiled for about 30 seconds or soaked in water to loosen them up before pan-frying. The dry versions usually cook in under three minutes and then need to be rinsed in cold water before pan-frying. You will have the best luck finding them at a Chinese grocery store. 

##

## How to Make Pan Fried Noodles

You can use the same pan to cook this entire dish. However, you will cook the
vegetables and noodles separately, then combine them back into the pan when
you are ready to toss them in your sauce. This process ensures that the
components of the dish cook evenly for that perfect bite.

## How do you Make Sure your Pan-Fried Noodles Aren’t Sticky?

To prevent noodles from sticking together, pat them as dry as you can from
water. Then, toss them lightly in sesame oil before you pan-fry them.

## Pan Fried Noodles

Pan Fried Noodles are super quick and perfect for a busy weeknight. They are
covered in a savory sauce and tossed with fresh and bright vegetables. Bonus:
This dish is made in one pan. All hail a quick clean-up!

5 from 8 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Chinese

Prep Time: 20 minutes

Cook Time: 20 minutes

Total Time: 40 minutes

Servings: 6 servings

Calories: 455kcal

Author: Nichole

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 1 ½ cup shredded carrots
  * ▢ 1 ½ cup bean sprouts 
  * ▢ 1 cup green onions
  * ▢ 16 oz Yakisoba noodles
  * ▢ 1 tbsp canola oil
  * ▢ 2 tbsp sesame oil
  * ▢ ⅓ cup low sodium soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 tbsp hoisin sauce
  * ▢ 4 garlic cloves

### Instructions

  * Preheat a skillet on high heat with canola oil. Add shredded carrot to the skillet and cook until the carrots soften. Remove from skillet and set aside. 

  * Add sesame oil to the same skillet and fry noodles until they get crispy edges. Add carrots back to the noodles and add in the chopped green onions. 

  * To create the sauce, combine soy sauce together with hoisin sauce and pressed garlic. Add the sauce mixture to the cooking ingredients. 

  * After a few minutes, add bean sprouts and stir to combine everything together. Remove from the heat and serve while everything is still warm. 

### Notes

NOTE: Low sodium soy sauce is the Best for this recipe. If your soy sauce is
not low sodium, please adjust to taste.

### Nutrition

Sodium: 2081mg | Calcium: 54mg | Vitamin C: 9mg | Vitamin A: 5521IU | Sugar:
5g | Fiber: 4g | Potassium: 356mg | Cholesterol: 1mg | Calories: 455kcal |
Saturated Fat: 7g | Fat: 21g | Protein: 10g | Carbohydrates: 57g | Iron: 4mg

Tried this Recipe? Tag me Today!Mention @the_salty_marshmallow or tag
#TheSaltyMarshmallow!

Share:

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin
  * Yummly

« Easy Twice Baked Potatoes

White Bean Soup »

#### About Natalya

Natalya is a food blogger who founded Momsdish.com to make cooking easier.
Growing up on a farm in Ukraine, Natalya was inspired by the amazing dishes
that were prepared using simple ingredients. Natalya is most notably known for
making cooking approachable for any person.

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. julie a carlson says

May 03, 2021 at 6:33 pm

  
Very good and easy. I cook for my 97 year old father and it is hard to find
something he will enjoy. He LOVES this..I added scrambled egg for a little
protein for him .(he also loves your pulled pork) Thanks

Reply

  2. Gayle says

February 04, 2021 at 1:30 pm

Can you use canned bean sprouts or are fresh preferred?

Reply

  3. Li says

January 16, 2021 at 6:58 am

  
Fantastic!! Family loves it and asks for it all the time now!

Reply

  4. Dawn says

November 28, 2020 at 11:01 am

Would it make a difference if I subbed in spaghetti noodles?

Reply

    * L says

May 25, 2022 at 12:34 am

I’ve used spaghetti noodles. I boil the noodles al dente, drain them, add a
little oil so they don’t stick, and the noodles will finish cooking when stir
frying with the rest of the ingredients. Hope this helps!

Reply

  5. David Serbin says

February 19, 2020 at 9:28 am

  
Tried this recipe last night. Wife and I loved it! Super easy to make and
super quick. Added sauteed shrinp. Just as good as anything I have ever eaten
out at any Asian restaurant. Thank you for sharing this recipe!

Reply

  6. Dewa says

December 20, 2019 at 1:05 am

  
interesting recipe. Thank you

Reply

  7. Veena Azmanov says

October 30, 2019 at 1:12 pm

  
This is one dish which is my family favorite and best option for a quick and
happy meal tossed with healthy veggies too.

Reply

  8. Anne Murphy says

October 29, 2019 at 6:41 pm

  
I saw this, realized I had all the ingredients, and we just had it for dinner!
It's delicious, everyone in the family likes it, and it is easy to eat.
Perfect!

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

**Hey! Nice to meet you! I'm Nichole!**

Welcome to The Salty Marshmallow! I'm a mom, animal lover, photographer, &
kitchen mess-maker. Here you will find the result of my decades-long passion
for chasing the best flavors in the kitchen, all meant to be cooked by regular
people with busy lives just like you and me.

**More about me →**

### Popular Recipes

  * Best Homemade Alfredo Sauce

  * Best Banana Bread Recipe

  * Crispy Baked Chicken Thighs

  * Homemade Belgian Waffle Recipe

### Our Favorite Spring Recipes

  * Easy Baked Chicken Drumsticks Recipe

  * Spring Chickpea Soup

  * Easy Dill Dip

  * BLT Pasta

## Footer

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * Privacy Policy
  * Nutrition Disclaimer

### Newsletter

  * **Sign Up! **for emails and updates

### Contact

  * Contact
  * Media Kit

Copyright (C) 2022 · The Salty Marshmallow. All rights reserved. Privacy
Policy.

  *   *   *   * 

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

[class^="wpforms-"]

