https://www.yellowblissroad.com/pan-fried-noodles/


What are you looking for?

Search for

Skip to content

Get our 5 Secrets to Dinnertime Sanity

Yellow Bliss Road

  * All Recipes
    * By Course
      * Breakfast
      * Lunch
      * Main Dishes
      * Side Dishes
      * Appetizers & Snacks
      * Desserts
        * Brownies and Bars
        * Cake and Cupcakes
        * Cookies
        * Fruit Desserts
        * No Bake Desserts
      * Salads
      * Sandwiches
      * Bread
      * Soups & Stews
      * Beverages
    * By Cuisine
      * American
      * Asian
      * German
      * Mexican
      * Italian
      * Mediterranean
    * By Ingredient
      * Pasta
      * Chicken
      * Turkey
      * Pork
      * Beef
      * Seafood
      * Vegetables
    * By Cooking Method
      * Air Fryer
      * On the Grill
      * Instant Pot
      * Slow Cooker
      * Sheet Pan
    * By Season
      * Fall
      * Spring
      * Summer
  * Summer Grilling
  * Easy Weeknight Dinners
    * 30 Minutes or Less
    * Casseroles
    * One Pot Meals
    * Sheet Pan
  * Holidays
    * Thanksgiving
    * Christmas
    * Halloween
    * Valentine's Day
    * St. Patrick's Day
    * Easter
    * Fourth of July
    * Seasonal Recipes
  * About
    * About Kristin
    * Adoption
    * Contact
    * Collaborate
  * 

**8 Weeks of Easy Family Dinners** E-Cookbook!

GET IT NOW!

Home » All Recipes » Cuisine » Asian » **Pan Fried Noodles**

# Pan Fried Noodles

Kristin Maxwell

Published on June 5, 2022

FacebookPinYummlyPrint

Print RecipeJump to RecipeReview Recipe

This Pan Fried Noodles recipe is quick to make and great when you're craving
takeout! Crispy noodles are combined with a flavorful sauce and colorful
vegetables. It's ready in only 20 minutes!

For more Asian-inspired recipes, try my Egg Drop Soup, Korean Short Ribs, and
Sweet and Sour Chicken.

Table of Contents

  1. Why We Love It
  2. Ingredients for Pan Fried Noodles
  3. How To Make Crispy Pan Fried Noodles
  4. FAQs
  5. Serving Suggestions
  6. Variations
  7. Storing and Reheating Leftovers
  8. Expert Tips
  9. More Asian-Inspired Recipes
  10. Pan Fried Noodles Recipe

## Why We Love It

  * **Vegetarian Friendly - **As written, the recipe is a great meatless meal option but you can add protein too.
  *  **Ready in 20 Minutes - **Crazy quick to make!
  *  **Easily Customizable - **Perfect to use up any veggies you have in the fridge.

## Ingredients for Pan Fried Noodles

  * **Noodles - **I like to use Yakisoba noodles or Hong Kong noodles
  *  **Shredded Carrots** - Make it easy on yourself and grab a bag of shredded carrots at the grocery store. Grated carrot will cook very quickly, so use the largest hole on a box grater, or cut longways on a mandoline for long thin strips. 
  * **Bean Sprouts** - Fresh, in the produce section. 
  * **Green Onions** - The recipe calls for a bunch of green onions. You'll need a cup for cooking and the rest can be used as a garnish. 
  * **Vegetable Oil - **You can also use canola oil or other neutral oil.
  *  **Sesame Oil** - This is a strongly flavored oil so we just use a little bit. You can omit and just use vegetable or canola oil instead. 
  * **Soy Sauce** - Opt for the low sodium variety. You can also use coconut aminos instead. 
  * **Hoisin Sauce** - A popular sauce in Asian cooking, this salty and slightly sweet sauce is thick and adds an umami flavor to the dish. 
  * **Garlic Cloves - **You can use pre-minced garlic in a jar, but fresh is best.
  *  **Sesame Seeds** - Use for garnish, you can omit if desired. 

## How To Make Crispy Pan Fried Noodles

Be sure to check the recipe card below for full ingredients & instructions.

It takes only 5 minutes to prep this pan fried noodles recipe for an easy
dinner!

  1. **Mix the sauce**. Whisk together soy sauce, hoisin sauce, and minced garlic.
  2.  **Boil the noodles**. Boil some water and cook the noodles according to package instructions. Fresh noodles cook for 1 minute and dried noodles cook for 2 minutes.
  3.  **Cook.** Heat vegetable oil in a large skillet or wok heated on high, and cook the shredded carrot. Transfer to a bowl and set aside, then add the sesame oil and fry the noodles until they start to get crispy, tossing a few times to cook evenly. Toss in the carrots and some sliced green onions. 
  4.  **Toss it all together.** Add the sauce to the skillet and toss everything to coat. Add the bean sprouts and stir again to combine. Cook, stirring frequently for a couple more minutes.
  5.  **Serve and enjoy!** Garnish with extra thinly sliced green onions and sesame seeds. 

## FAQs

**What are the best noodles to use?**

You have a couple of noodle options for this recipe, but I recommend using
fresh noodles if you can find them. They are pre-cooked and sold in the
refrigerated section of most grocery stores near the produce or in the Asian
aisle. Not only do the fresh noodles have a great texture, but they also cook
up quickly.  
 **Yakisoba Noodles - **These noodles are Japanese and are thick. They are
made from wheat and have no eggs.  
 **Hong Kong Noodles - **These noodles are more yellow as they are egg-based.
The fresh, pre-cooked version can be found in the refrigerated section and
typically only needs about 30 seconds in boiling water or a soak in water
before pan-frying. There are also dried versions that can be cooked in about 3
minutes.

**What is the difference between Lo Mein and Pan-Fried Noodles?**

Lo Mein means "tossed noodles" in Chinese and is sauce heavy with softer
noodles. While Pan-Fried Noodles or Chow Mein has crunchier noodles and
veggies.

## Serving Suggestions

This recipe is great when you're craving takeout but want a home cooked meal!
Try pairing them with a main protein like Chinese Lemon Chicken or Sweet and
Sour Pork. For sides, we love making homemade Crab Rangoon.

## Variations

  * **Spicy - **You can add sriracha, red pepper flakes, or chili garlic sauce to give the noodles a kick.
  *  **Add a Protein - **Before cooking the veggies, cook up diced chicken or shrimp and set aside to mix into the noodles.
  *  **Veggies - **You can easily modify the vegetables in the recipe. Other favorites to add are broccoli, snow peas, bok choy, or baby corn.

## Storing and Reheating Leftovers

**Storage - **Leftovers can be stored in an airtight container in the fridge
for up to 4 days.

**Reheating - **Reheat in a skillet on the stove until warm. You can add a
splash of water and even a dash more of soy sauce and oil to loosen up the
noodles.

## Expert Tips

  * **Use Refrigerated Noodles - **Using refrigerated noodles that are already cooked cuts down on cooking time to make this recipe super fast.
  *  **Buy Pre-Shredded Carrots - **This saves so much prep time!
  *  **Prep!** The whole process moves quickly so I highly recommend having everything prepped and ready to go before you start cooking.

## More Asian-Inspired Recipes

  * Ramen Chinese Chicken Salad
  * Pork Stir Fry Rice Bowl
  * Easy One Pot Ham Fried Rice
  * Vegetarian Pad Thai Noodles
  * Szechuan Chicken Stir Fry

If you've made this recipe, please come back and leave us a star rating or a
comment below. Or, tag us on social media @yellowblissroad or #yellowblissroad
for a chance to be featured.

## Pan Fried Noodles

Kristin Maxwell

Pan Fried Noodles are quick, easy and better than takeout! Crispy noodles with
veggies and a flavorful sauce that are ready in 20 minutes.

Prep Time 5 mins

Cook Time 15 mins

Total Time 20 mins

Print RecipePin RecipeReview Recipe

Course Dinner

Cuisine Asian

Servings 6

Calories 396kcal

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * ⅓ cup low sodium soy sauce
  * 1 tablespoon hoisin sauce
  * 4 garlic cloves peeled and minced
  * 16 ounces Yakisoba noodles or Hong Kong noodles
  * 2 tablespoons vegetable oil
  * 1 1/2 cups shredded carrots
  * 1 tablespoon sesame oil
  * 1 bunch green onions thinly sliced
  * 1 1/2 cups bean sprouts
  * 1 tablespoon sesame seeds
  * Thinly sliced green onions for garnish

### Instructions



  * In a small bowl, whisk together soy sauce, hoisin sauce and minced garlic. Set aside.

  * Boil the noodles according to package instructions. Fresh noodles cook for 1 minutes and dried noodles cook for 2 minutes. Drain.

  * Heat a large skillet or wok over high heat and add vegetable oil. Add shredded carrot and cook until softened. Remove from the skillet, transfer to a bowl and set aside.

  * To the skillet, add sesame oil and fry noodles until they start to get crispy, turning a few times to cook evenly. Return carrots to the skillet and add in 1 cup of sliced green onions.

  * Add the sauce to the skillet and toss to coat. Add bean sprouts and stir again to combine. Cook, stirring frequently for 1-2 minutes.

  * Remove from heat and garnish with thinly sliced green onions and sesame seeds.

### Notes

**Storage - **Leftovers can be stored in an airtight container in the fridge
for up to 4 days.

**Reheating - **Reheat in a skillet on the stove until warm. You can add a
splash of water and even a dash more of soy sauce and oil to loosen up the
noodles.

### Nutrition

Calories: 396kcalCarbohydrates: 56gProtein: 11gFat: 15gSaturated Fat:
6gPolyunsaturated Fat: 2gMonounsaturated Fat: 6gCholesterol: 1mgSodium:
2117mgPotassium: 349mgFiber: 4gSugar: 5gVitamin A: 5381IUVitamin C:
7mgCalcium: 59mgIron: 4mg

Keyword Pan Fried Noodles

Have you tried this recipe?

Let us know how it was by leaving a review or sharing on Instagram with the
tag #yellowblissroad

FacebookPinYummlyPrint

#### Kristin Maxwell

Kristin Maxwell is the creator and main recipe developer, writer, and
photographer of Yellow Bliss Road. A self-taught cook and self-appointed
foodie, she specializes in easy, flavorful and approachable recipes for any
home cook.

Read More About Kristin

Free Email Series

5 Secrets to Dinnertime Sanity

Free email series with tested, tasted & terrific dinner recipes!

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Name *

Email *

Subscribe

## You Might Also Like

Asian

### Kung Pao Shrimp

Salads

### Ramen Chinese Chicken Salad

Pork

### Pork Stir Fry Rice Bowl

Soups + Chilis

### Egg Drop Soup

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Notify me via e-mail if anyone answers my comment.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

### Comments

  1. **lynn kyle** says:

June 6, 2022 at 4:37 pm

sounds delicious cant wait to try

Reply

Hi, I'm Kristin!

I'm a busy wife and  
mom who loves to  
cook, bake and create.  
All of the recipes and tips you will find here are created with your busy
family (and mine!) in mind.

## Popular Recipes

### How to Make Authentic Mexican Rice

### Healthy Ground Turkey Teriyaki Rice Bowl

### Air Fryer Tortilla Chips

### Starbucks Copycat Lemon Loaf

### Oven Baked Chicken Breasts

### Fried Chicken Thighs

## Summer Grilling

### Korean Short Ribs on the Grill

### 101 Recipes for Grilling

### Grilled Chicken Marinade Recipe

### Spice Rubbed Grilled Tri Tip

### Grilled Salmon Kabobs

### Grilled Pineapple

  * Recipes
    * Breakfast
    * Lunch
    * Main Dishes
    * Side Dishes
    * Appetizers & Snacks
    * Salads
    * Sandwiches
    * Soups & Stews
    * Dips & Sauces
    * Bread
    * Beverages
  * Printables
    * Christmas Printables
    * Thanksgiving
    * Halloween
    * Easter
    * Valentine's Day
    * Fourth of July
    * School
    * Birthdays
  * About
    * About Kristin
    * Contact
    * Collaborate
  * Crafts & DIY
    * Crafts & DIY
    * Gift Ideas
    * Home Decor
    * Photography Tips
  * Family
    * Travel
    * Birthdays
    * Adoption

Yellow Bliss Road

  *   *   *   * 

Copyright (C) 2022 Yellow Bliss Road

Privacy & Copyright

An Elite CafeMedia Food Publisher

5 Secrets to Dinnertime Sanity

_**Quick & Easy Dinners The Whole Family Will Love!**_

**free email series**

YES, I WANT THIS

