https://redhousespice.com/twice-cooked-pork-fast-version/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

menu icon

  * Index
  * Popular
  * Easy
  * Pantry
  * Subscribe
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Index
  * Popular
  * Easy
  * Pantry
  * Subscribe
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

×

Home » Recipes » Pork

Published: Sep 17, 2020 · Updated: Jun 9, 2022 by Wei Guo · 25 Comments

# Twice cooked pork (Hui Guo Rou, 回锅肉)

  *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe

_Tender yet crispy pork slices flavoured with fermented seasonings, twice
cooked pork is a mouth-watering Chinese delicacy. This recipe provides many
tips on how to achieve the best flavour and texture.  _

## What is twice cooked pork

If you ask me to name the ten most popular dishes of Sichuan cuisine, twice-
cooked pork will definitely make it onto the list (probably among the top 3).
The Chinese name of this classic dish, Hui Guo Rou/回锅肉, literally means “the
meat (it refers to pork belly) that returned to the wok”. It explains the
special two-step cooking method which gives the dish a delicious, complex
texture.

  1. Firstly, a chunky piece of pork belly is simmered in water then cut into thin slices.
  2. Secondly, the cooked pork returns to a wok to be stir-fried with vegetables and seasoned with condiments. 

Twice-cooked pork shares a similar flavour profile as classic Sichuan dishes
such as Mapo Tofu and Spicy Vermicelli Stir-fry. The key flavour, fragrant and
spicy, comes from two versatile condiments: chilli bean paste and fermented
black beans. Vegetables, such as leek, green garlic, fresh chili, etc. are
added to provide the nutritive balance of the dish.

## Four key ingredients to ensure authenticity

Before walking you through the cooking procedures, I’d like to talk about the
four key ingredients that make this dish stand out.

### Pork belly

When developing recipes, I always keep in mind possible substitutes for
certain ingredients. For example, I often list the best cut for a meat-based
dish then give suggestions on how to adjust when using less favoured cuts.
However, for twice cooked pork, I have to say that pork belly is
indispensable.

Despite the high-fat content, pork belly dishes don’t taste particularly
greasy when properly prepared. For this twice cooked pork, some fat is removed
from the pork belly during the boiling process. Then for the stir-frying part,
you only need a little cooking oil as more fat will be extracted from the pork
over high heat.

### Sichuan chili bean paste

When it comes to Sichuan chilli bean paste, the iconic condiment of Sichuan
cuisine, there is often confusion when purchasing due to the variety of names
translated in English. Essentially, it’s a dark red sauce consisting of
fermented broad beans and hot chilies. You can find the following names from
different brands and packagings:

  * Dou Ban Jiang (Doubanjiang) is the Pinyin form for its Chinese name 豆瓣酱.
  * Broad bean Paste is sometimes used as broad beans are the main ingredient.
  * Pixian Dou Ban (or Pixian Broad Bean Paste/郫县豆瓣) is the best-known variety which is produced in a town named Pixian.
  * Hot Broad Bean Paste (红油豆瓣) refers to the Pixian Dou Ban with extra chilli oil. It’s a little spicier and has an appetizing red colour.

If possible, **I suggest you use Hot Broad Bean Paste/红油豆瓣** _(see image
above)_ and avoid Lee Kum Kee Chili Bean Sauce which doesn’t reflect the true
taste of Sichuan chilli bean paste. I’m often asked if there are any
substitutes, unfortunately, the answer is No. I highly recommend you try
sourcing it in Chinese stores or online shopping platforms. I’m sure you’ll be
hooked by its wonderful taste and inspired to make more dishes with it.

### Fermented black beans

Often paired with Sichuan chili bean paste in Sichuan dishes, fermented black
beans (Duo Chi/豆豉) are quite unique in terms of flavour: aromatic, umami,
earthy, salty and a little bitter. They can be found in Chinese stores and
major online shopping platforms. When purchasing, look for the dried type (see
image above) instead of the salted ones in brine. I usually use a reputable
variety called Yang Jiang preserved beans (阳江豆豉) in which you often find a few
pieces of dried ginger.

### Leek, green garlic or celery

Traditional twice cooked pork calls for green garlic (Suan Miao/蒜苗), a young
garlic plant that resembles scallions, to go with the pork belly. It gives the
dish a nice colour, an aromatic, garlicky taste, as well as making it
healthier. Unfortunately, around where I live in England, I have no access to
this tasty vegetable that I have adored since childhood. But the good news is
I find leek to be a great substitute. I also like celery (cut diagonally into
thin slices) in this dish.

## How to pre-cook the pork

As I mentioned earlier, unlike other pork stir-fries (e.g. Sichuan Shredded
Pork with Garlic Sauce), you need to pre-cook the pork belly before slicing
and frying it in a wok. It’s a simple, straightforward procedure:

  1. Put a strip of thickly cut pork belly into a pot. Pour enough water to cover the meat. Add a few slices of fresh ginger.
  2. Bring the water to a full boil. Turn down the heat to low then leave to simmer for 30 mins (increase the time a little if you’re cooking a larger amount). 

At this stage, the pork should be fully cooked but not to a tender, melt-in-
your-mouth texture. Insert chopsticks to test. They should be able to go
through the meat with a little resistance. Don’t overcook though. Otherwise,
it will make the next step, slicing, more challenging.

## Cut the pork into thin slices

As soon as the pork is cooked, drop it into a bowl filled with water to cool.
You can take this time to prepare other ingredients for the dish: chopping the
leek, peel the garlic, get all the condiment ready, etc. When the pork is cool
enough to touch, cut it crossways into thin slices (remember to sharpen your
knife beforehand).

If your piece of pork belly is on the fatty side (about 1:1 fat lean ratio),
try your best to cut it as thin as possible. This way, more fat can be
rendered during frying and it will gain a crispier texture. On the other hand,
if it has less fat, cut a little thicker to ensure that the final taste won’t
be too dry. The piece shown in the image above isn’t too fatty so I cut it
into slices about 4mm thick.

## How to stir fry to perfection

Now let’s move on to the final step: stir-frying. Although quite simple and
straightforward, I’d like to explain each step with a few tips to help you
achieve a perfect end result.

### Step 1. Caramelise the pork

Set the wok over high heat until it starts to smoke. Pour in oil and add pork
belly pieces. Stir constantly to sear the meat evenly. Once it lightly browns,
transfer to a plate but leave all the oil in the wok.

**Tip:**  I use a traditional carbon steel wok to cook this dish. A non-stick
wok works fine too. However, please be aware that you’re not supposed to heat
it when empty. Instead, pour the oil into your wok then turn on the heat. When
the oil starts to smoke, add the pork.

### Step 2: Sizzle the aromatics

Turn the heat to low. Add Sichuan chili bean paste, fermented black beans and
garlic to the oil. Sizzle for 30 seconds or so.

**Tips:  **It’s very important to fry these three ingredients over low heat.
This way, you’ll bring out their best flavour without burning them.

### Step 3: Add vegetable & seasonings

Turn up the heat to high. Put the pork slices back into the wok. Add leek,
fresh chili, Shaoxing rice wine, soy sauce and sugar. Stir fry until the leek
and chili start to wilt. Dish out and serve immediately.

**Tip:  **Try not to overcook during this step. Otherwise, the pork might dry
out. You should turn off the heat once everything is evenly coated with the
sauce. The vegetables should still taste a little crunchy.

## Creative ways to serve it

No doubt that twice cooked pork is a wonderful dish to “send your rice down”
(Xia Fan/下饭, the Chinese expression to describe dishes that are so savoury and
delicious that you tend to eat more rice than usual). However, there are many
other ways to enjoy this delicacy. Here are some other ways that I enjoy:

  * Use it as a topping for my Hand-pulled Noodles
  * Wrap it in a Chinese Spring Pancake
  * Replace the braised pork belly with it in Gua Bao (Taiwanese Pork Belly Buns) or Rou Jia Mo (Chinese Pork Burger)

## Use the same formula to cook tofu

Love the sound of the taste but wish to make it vegetarian? It’s possible! I
regularly make twice cooked tofu with the same set of flavourings. Firstly,
fry pieces of tofu (coated with a thin layer of cornstarch) in a little oil
until golden then transfer out (the same method is used for my recipe “Pan-
fried Tofu with Garlic Sauce”). Secondly, follow the same procedure to stir
fry with Sichuan chilli bean paste, fermented black beans, leek, etc.

## Other yummy dishes using pork

If you have experienced authentic Chinese food, you probably have realised how
much Chinese people adore pork (no matter from which regional cuisine). If
you’re a fan too, check out these mouth-watering recipes:

  * Char Siu, Chinese BBQ Pork
  * Red-cooked Pork Belly
  * Shredded Pork with Garlic Sauce
  * Cabbage Rolls with Pork Filling
  * Spare Ribs with Black Bean Sauce

### Twice Cooked Pork (Hui Guo Rou, 回锅肉)

Tender yet crispy pork slices flavoured with fermented seasonings, twice
cooked pork is a mouth-watering Chinese delicacy. This recipe provides many
tips on how to achieve the best flavour and texture.

Author: Wei Guo

Print Pin Rate

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Chinese

Prep: 10 minutes

Cook: 35 minutes

Total: 45 minutes

Servings: 2 servings

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 300 g pork belly, in one piece - 10oz
  * ▢ 5 slices  ginger
  * ▢ 2 teaspoon cooking oil
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Sichuan chilli bean paste - see note 1
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon fermented black beans (Dou Chi, 豆豉) - see note 2
  * ▢ 3 cloves garlic, sliced
  * ▢ 1 small leek, cut diagonally - see note 3
  * ▢ 2 fresh red chili peppers, cut diagonally
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon light soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon Shaoxing rice wine
  * ▢ 1 pinch sugar

5 Secrets of Authentic Chinese CookingGet the guide for FREE

### Instructions

#### Precook the pork

  * Place pork belly and ginger into a pan. Pour in enough water to cover the meat. Bring the water to a full boil. Turn down the heat and leave to simmer for 30 mins (see note 4).

  * Drain the pork then put it into a bowl of cold water. Once it’s cool enough to touch, cut it crosswise into thin slices.

#### Stir-fry the dish

  * Heat the wok over high heat until it starts to smoke (See note 5 if you’re using a non-stick wok). Pour in oil and add pork belly pieces.

  * Stir constantly to sear the meat. Once it lightly browns, transfer to a plate but leave all the oil in the wok.

  * Turn the heat to low. Add Sichuan chili bean paste, fermented black beans and garlic to the oil. Sizzle for 30 seconds or so.

  * Turn up the heat to high. Put the pork slices back into the wok. Add leek, fresh chili, Shaoxing rice wine, soy sauce and sugar. Stir fry until the leek and chili start to wilt (but still a little crunchy). Dish out and serve immediately.

### NOTES

1\. **Sichuan chili bean paste** (aka spicy Doubanjiang): Different brands may
vary in saltiness, hotness and texture. Adjust the quantity accordingly. If
possible, I recommend you purchase “Hot Broad Bean Paste (红油豆瓣)” which is the
chilli oil version of Pixian Dou Ban, the most reputable variety of this
condiment (More info can be found in the post content above).

2\. **Fermented black beans**: Choose the dried version instead of the one in
brine. Rinse under water to remove excess salt and chop them before cooking if
you wish.

3\. **Vegetables** : The traditional recipe calls for green garlic (Suan
Miao/蒜苗) so please feel free to use it if available. Sliced celery can also be
used as a substitute.

4\. **Boil the meat** : The cooking time may vary depending on the size of
your pork belly. Insert chopsticks to check. They should be able to go through
the meat with a little resistance.

5\. **Using a non-stick wok** : Please be aware that you’re not supposed to
heat non-stick wok when empty. Instead, pour the oil into your wok then turn
on the heat. When the oil starts to smoke, add the pork.

Cooked this recipe?Show me your dish or ask me questions @red.house.spice

NUTRITION DISCLOSURE: Nutritional information on this website is provided as a
courtesy to readers. It should be considered estimates. Please use your own
brand nutritional values or your preferred nutrition calculator to double
check against our estimates.

_**N.B.** This post was first published in June 2017 and revised in Sept 2020.
_

Learn my 5 secrets to create authentic dishes

GET THE GUIDE

**COOKING CHINESE WITH EASE**

**WITH EASE**

## More Pork

  * Easy Char Siu (Chinese BBQ pork, 叉烧)

  * Steamed cabbage rolls (翡翠包肉)

  * Gua Bao (pork belly buns, 刈包)

  * Shrimp & pork shumai (鲜虾猪肉烧卖)

  *   *   *   * 

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

### LEAVE A REVIEW Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Rate this recipe Rate this recipe  
  
  
  
  

Message

Name *

Email *

Don't subscribe All Replies to my comments Notify me of followup comments via
e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

  1. Sammie Masters says

June 05, 2022 at 12:45 pm

  
Very classy delicious recipe. My family loved it.

Reply

« Older Comments

## Primary Sidebar

### Meet the creator

Hi I'm Wei, the recipe developer and photographer behind Red House Spice, a
food blog sharing delicious Chinese recipes that can be easily made at home.
Read More…

  * Email
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

### Summer Favorites

  * Cold Noodles with Sichuan Dressing (Liang Mian, 凉面)

  * Smashed Cucumber Salad (拍黄瓜)

  * Liang Fen (Mung Bean Jelly Noodles, 凉粉)

  * Chinese Lamb Skewers (Yang Rou Chuan’r, 羊肉串儿)

### Popular Recipes

  * Braised Pork Belly (Hong Shao Rou/红烧肉), an Easy Version

  * Homemade dumpling wrappers (Ultimate Dumpling Guide part 1)

  * Chinese dumplings, an ultimate how-to guide (Jiaozi/饺子)

  * Egg Fried Rice (蛋炒饭), A Traditional Recipe

  * Six dumpling sauces (Ultimate Dumpling Guide part 5)

  * Chinese steamed eggs, a perfectionist’s guide (蒸蛋羹)

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * About the blog
  * Accessibility
  * Privacy Policy

### Featured in

### Contact

  * Contact
  * Work with me

© 2022 · **RED HOUSE SPICE** · All Rights Reserved

FREE QUICK GUIDE

Secrets of



GET YOUR GUIDE

5

**AUTHENTIC**

**CHINESE COOKING**

