https://www.wenthere8this.com/twice-cooked-pork-chinese-takeout-dishes/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Instant Pot
  * Sous Vide
  * Subscribe
  * Search

menu icon

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Instant Pot
  * Sous Vide
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Instant Pot
  * Sous Vide
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

×

Home » Recipes » Main Dishes

# Twice Cooked Pork (Chinese Spicy Pork Stir Fry)

By Danielle on April 22, 2021, Updated April 13, 2022 48 Comments

__Pin 791

 __Share 18

 __Yum 4

 __Tweet 1

814 Shares

This post may contain affiliate links. Please read my disclosure.

Jump to Recipe Jump to Video

**Twice cooked pork** is made with tender pieces of rich pork belly stir fried
with vegetables in a spicy, savory sauce of chilies, soy sauce and Chinese
rice wine. Served with steamed or **fried rice** , this pork dish is filled
with so much spice and flavor!

**Twice Cooked Pork** =heavenly mouthgasm. For real though, this double cooked
pork is incredible. The pork is melt-in-your-mouth tender on the inside, with
a delicious crust on the outside.

The flavors of the sauce are spicy and savory, with just a hint of sweet to
round it out. Sliced peppers and green onions are the perfect complement to
the rich, fatty pork.

_You may also want to try this **Chinese braised pork belly** or this **sous
vide pork belly** if you're a fan of pork belly._

### **What is Twice Cooked Pork?**

Twice cooked pork, also called **double cooked pork** , is the process of
simmering pork (usually pork belly) in a flavorful liquid, then slicing and
stir frying it with seasonings and vegetables.

Literally, it is "twice cooked." And it's typically pretty spicy as it
originated in the Sichuan province (known for it's spicy, tongue numbing
cuisine).

## **Why This Recipe Works**

  1. **Pork belly** is used for it's high fat content and tender meat;
  2. The pork belly is **simmered in aromatics** to add amazing flavor to the meat;
  3. A spicy sauce of **broad bean and black bean paste** is used to add flavor to the stir fried pork;
  4. Sliced green chilies and green onions add a **fresh quality** to offset the richness of the pork.

If you're a pork belly fan, definitely head over and try this **Japanese
Braised Pork Belly (Kakuni)** , **Pork Belly Yakisoba** OR these **Pork Belly
Tacos**.

## **The Ingredients**

Using the right ingredients here is key to getting that **authentic flavor**
(even though this isn't a 100% authentic recipe). Don't worry about buying a
whole bottle of something for this one recipe - **we use all the ingredients
many times** on this site _(just search for the ingredient use the search
function_ ).

When looking for pork belly, I try to find the **leanest pork belly** I can
find. Obviously, you want fat on it, but you don't want the whole thing to be
fat.

The **broad bean paste** is a much needed staple if you're going to be
regularly cooking Sichuan cuisine. It is SOOO amazing filled with this
intensely spicy, salty umami flavor. It is delicious and you should definitely
**keep a jar in your fridge at all times**.

The best broad bean paste is  **Pi Xian broad bean paste**. It comes straight
from an area called Pixian within the Sichuan province and is widely known as
the best.

**Black Bean Sauce** is another important component of this dish. It a savory
sauce made with fermented black beans, garlic soy and other seasonings - we
use it to stir fry these **braised chicken feet** and it is awesome!

**Shaoxing wine** is a Chinese rice wine that's adds a delicious flavor to
Chinese dishes. If you can't get your hands on it for some reason (most Asian
markets carry it), substitute a dry sherry.

You'll also notice I use **Anaheim peppers** in this recipe - they are not
traditional at all, I just love the flavor they add. Leeks or green onions are
more often used so feel free to use those in place of the peppers. You can
also use red pepper for some color.

## **Step By Step Instructions**

Add the pork belly to a large pot and cover with water - the water should be
**2" above the top of the pork belly**. Add the star anise, ginger and sea
salt. Bring to a boil and **simmer for 30 minutes**.

_**Don't overcook as it will make slicing the pork belly much more difficult._

Remove from heat and drain. Let the pork belly cool then cut in thin slices
**(see photo below).**

Heat the cooking oil in a wok over high heat until it is **lightly smoking**.

Add the pork belly ( **in 2-3 separate batches to avoid crowding** ) and
quickly stir fry until **browned and slightly crisp** , about 2-3 minutes.
Remove with a slotted spoon and set aside.

_Learn **how to season a wok**!_

Reduce the heat to medium high and add the broad bean and black bean sauce.
Saute until fragrant, about 1 minute.

**Be careful breathing it in** because the frying chilies can really cause
some discomfort in your lungs.

Add the garlic, ginger, and chilies and stir fry about 30 seconds. Add the soy
sauce, Chinese wine and brown sugar and mix together.

Then add the pork and green onions and cook for one minute.

Remove from heat and serve over steamed white rice, **fried rice** , or
**coconut jasmine rice** (we LOVE this stuff).

## **Expert Tips**

  1. **Simmer the pork** the day before to save time. Be sure to cut the pork **AFTER** it has been simmered, not before.
  2.  **Stir fry the pork belly in batches** to avoid crowding. When the pan gets crowded, the meat will steam instead of fry and won't get that crisp, caramelized texture we want.
  3. You can add a sliced **red pepper, bell pepper, broccoli, etc**. if you'd like more vegetables in this dish. You can also serve it with this **Bok Choy recipe** on the side if you'd prefer your veggies separate.
  4. Use **whole pork belly** when simmering - otherwise, the pork will over cook and fall apart. Slice it after it has been cooked.
  5.  **Pork butt (shoulder)** can be used in place of pork belly, but the results will not be quite as melt-in-your-mouth as the pork belly.
  6. Any **pepper** can be used as a substitute for the Anaheim chilies.

## **Frequently Asked Questions**

****What kind of pork is used for twice cooked pork?****

A fatty cut of pork is the best to use for twice cooked pork. I typically
**use pork belly** , but a fatty pork shoulder/butt can be used in a pinch.

****Why is pork cooked twice?****

First boiling the pork helps to reduce it's greasiness when later stir frying
it. It also helps to tenderize the lean part of the pork so it melts in your
mouth after cooking it the second time.

**Is twice cooked pork healthy?**

This recipe is not particularly healthy. Pork belly tends to have a lot of
unhealthy fat. That said, eaten in moderation with lots of greens is not too
unhealthy.

**What does twice cooked pork taste like?**

It's very similar in flavor to this **Mapo tofu** , and has similar qualities
as these **Sichuan green beans** as well. The Sichuan peppercorns give the
dish a slightly smoky, tongue numbing flavor. It's also got tons of umami from
the broad bean paste and black bean sauce.

**Make it a Whole Takeout Meal!**

You can totally make this a full fledged takeout meal by adding some of these
dishes to your repertoire:

  * You'll for sure want to start with these **air fryer potstickers** and this **wonton noodle soup** \- and even this **Chinese BBQ pork** ;
  * We mentioned the rice above already, but you'll want plenty of steamed and **fried rice** ;
  * This **Shanghai chicken** , **kung pao chicken** or **kung pao calamari** are amazing too - and keeping with that spicy flavor;
  * And for those with more sensitive palates, this **Mongolian beef** and **shrimp lo mein** are packed with flavor but no spice.
  * And then there is the famous **salt and pepper chicken** \- we LOVE this chicken!

_Did you make this recipe? Rate the recipe and leave me a comment to let me
know what you think!_

## Twice Cooked Pork

Twice Cooked Pork is made with pork belly first boiled then stir fried with
vegetables in a spicy, savory sauce of chilies, soy sauce & Chinese wine.

5 from 20 votes

Print Rate

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Chinese

Prep Time: 5 minutes

Cook Time: 1 hour

Total Time: 1 hour 5 minutes

Servings: 4 servings

Calories: 687kcal

Author: Danielle Wolter

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 1.5 pounds pork belly
  * ▢ 1 (1 inch) piece fresh ginger
  * ▢ 1 whole star anise
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon sea salt
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon cooking oil
  * ▢ 1 ½ tablespoon broad bean paste
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon black bean sauce
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Chinese cooking wine (shaoxing wine)
  * ▢ 2 cloves garlic sliced
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon ginger paste
  * ▢ 1 ½ teaspoon brown sugar
  * ▢ 1 cup chopped green onions
  * ▢ 1 Anaheim chili sliced

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Instructions

  * Simmer the pork in water with a piece of ginger, star anise and sea salt for about 30 minutes. 

  * Drain the pork and set aside to cool. Slice into thin pieces ( **see photos in post above** ).

  * Heat the cooking oil in a wok over medium-high heat until it is **starts to smoke**. 

  * Add the sliced pork in **2-3 batches** and fry until the edges are golden brown. Remove and set aside.

  * Reduce the heat to medium high and add the broad bean and black bean sauce. Saute until fragrant, **about 1 minute**. 

  * Add the garlic, ginger and chilies and stir fry about **30 seconds**. 

  * Add the soy sauce, Chinese wine, brown sugar and stir together. 

  * Add pork and green onions and toss to combine.

  * Remove from heat and serve with white rice.

### Video

### Expert Tips:

  1. **Simmer the pork** the day before to save time. Be sure to cut the pork **AFTER** it has been simmered, not before. 
  2. **Stir fry the pork belly in batches** to avoid crowding. When the pan gets crowded, the meat will steam instead of fry and won't get that crisp, caramelized texture we want.
  3. You can add a sliced **red pepper, bell pepper, broccoli, etc**. if you'd like more vegetables in this dish. You can also serve it with this Bok Choy recipe on the side if you'd prefer your veggies separate.
  4. Use **whole pork belly** when simmering - otherwise, the pork will over cook and fall apart. Slice it after it has been cooked.
  5. **Pork butt (shoulder)** can be used in place of pork belly, but the results will not be quite as melt-in-your-mouth as the pork belly;
  6. Any **pepper** can be used as a substitute for the Anaheim chilies. 

### Nutrition

Serving: 0.5cup | Calories: 687kcal | Carbohydrates: 7g | Protein: 11g | Fat:
67g | Saturated Fat: 24g | Cholesterol: 88mg | Sodium: 736mg | Potassium:
270mg | Sugar: 2g | Vitamin A: 370IU | Vitamin C: 4.4mg | Calcium: 22mg |
Iron: 1.2mg

Tried this recipe?Mention @went_here_8_this or tag #wenthere8this!

Save

Save

Save

## More Main Dishes

  * Spicy Lamb Tacos

  * Sous Vide Pork Chops With Apple Mustard Sauce

  * Chicken Katsu Curry Recipe

  * Kakuni (Japanese Pork Belly)

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Sylvia. B

February 24, 2020 at 5:00 am

  
Hey Danielle, Pork is cooked occasionally at our house. But after seeing this
mouth-watering recipe I can’t resist and will try it on the upcoming weekend.
Can I use Poblano in place of Anaheim chilies? Will the taste remain the same,
Which will one will add better flavour?

Reply

    * Danielle

February 24, 2020 at 5:11 am

You can definitely add poblano - that would be delicious! Poblano might even
have a better flavor than Anaheim 🙂

Reply

  2. thisiswholesome

January 19, 2020 at 11:23 am

  
I've been wanting to learn how to cook Asian food for a long time. This recipe
is the perfect way to start. It looks delish!

Reply

    * Danielle

January 20, 2020 at 3:28 am

Hope this helps you get started 🙂

Reply

  3. Sue | The view from Great Island

January 19, 2020 at 8:46 am

  
Your photos are literally making my mouth water, and I have all the
ingredients to make this except the pork belly, I'm off to find that now!!

Reply

    * Danielle

January 20, 2020 at 3:27 am

Hope you love it Sue!

Reply

  4. Peter

January 19, 2020 at 7:42 am

  
I love love love the dark moodiness of the photos first of all! But secondly,
I LOVE getting this dish at Chinese restaurants. Had I known it was THIS easy
to make, I would've seeked out your recipe a long time ago. The ingredients
are super easy to find and easy to use multiple times - as opposed to
ingredients you use once and never again.

But let's be real for a second, this recipe is easy to follow and this dish is
addicting. People shouldn't have a problem reusing these ingredients.

Reply

    * Danielle

January 20, 2020 at 3:27 am

Thanks so much Peter!

Reply

« Older Comments

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without
commenting.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

**I'm Danielle** and I am just a HUGE food lover. I love creating it, eating
it, and photographing it. My passion is creating internationally inspired
recipes and making them approachable for YOU. .

More about me →

## **Healthy Air Fryer Recipes!**

  * Air Fryer Breakfast Potatoes

  * Air Fryer Hash Browns

  * Air Fryer Popcorn Shrimp

  * Air Fryer General Tso's Chicken

  * Do You Have to Thaw Chicken Before Air Frying?

  * Air Fryer Cheese Curds

#### _More Air Fryer Recipes_...

**GET YOUR FREE COOKBOOK!**

## ****GET STARTED WITH SOUS VIDE****

  * Sous Vide Pot Roast

  * Sous Vide Teriyaki Chicken

  * Sous Vide Leg of Lamb

  * Sous Vide Tilapia

#### _More SOus Vide Recipes...._

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * Privacy Policy
  * Disclosures
  * Copyright
  * Accessibility Policy

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates

### Contact

  * Contact
  * Services
  * Media Kit
  * FAQ

Went Here 8 This is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates
Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for
sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. As an
amazon associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2022 **Went Here 8 This**

814 Shares

 __Pin 791

 __Share 18

 __Yum 4

 __Tweet 1

