https://www.spicetheplate.com/pork/twice-cooked-pork-belly/


__

______________

  * HOME
  * About
    * Contact
    * Privacy Policy
    * How to Cite
  * All Recipes
    * ###  Fresh Sautéed Okra and Egg

###  Homemade Low-Sugar Bubble Milk Tea

###  Summer Chicken Skin Salad

###  On-The-Go Summer Watermelon Parfait

###  Green Bean and Tofu with Ground Pork Stir…

  * By Category
    * Chicken
    * Beef
    * Pork
    * Veggie
    * Rice, Noodles
    * Seafood and Other
  * Shop
    * Seasoning, Sauce and Spice
    * Cooking
    * Storage
    * Serving
  * Subscribe

##

## Traditional and Modern Asian Cooking at Home

______________

__

  * HOME
  * About
    * Contact
    * Privacy Policy
    * How to Cite
  * All Recipes
    * ###  Fresh Sautéed Okra and Egg

###  Homemade Low-Sugar Bubble Milk Tea

###  Summer Chicken Skin Salad

###  On-The-Go Summer Watermelon Parfait

###  Green Bean and Tofu with Ground Pork Stir…

  * By Category
    * Chicken
    * Beef
    * Pork
    * Veggie
    * Rice, Noodles
    * Seafood and Other
  * Shop
    * Seasoning, Sauce and Spice
    * Cooking
    * Storage
    * Serving
  * Subscribe

__

__

ChineseHot & SpicyPopular & ClassicPorkRecipes

# Twice-Cooked Pork Belly

written by Emma Tang

Whether you love traditional Chinese food or you are simply looking for a
weeknight dinner dish, today's **twice-cooked pork belly** ( **回锅肉** ) ****
will make you happy! Whenever my boyfriend and I see it on a menu, we almost
always end up ordering it and when we don't, I'll usually end up making it at
home soon after. I can't wait to show you how to make my version of this tasty
dish at home today.

The ingredients for this dish are simple: pork belly and leek. If you like,
you can use green pepper, cabbage or garlic scapes as a substitute for leek.

As the name implies, the pork belly needs to be boiled first before being
stir-fried. Here is a **tip** on how to boil the meat: instead of adding the
pork belly directly into hot water, submerge it under cold water, and cook
until the water starts to boil. You can use this tip when cooking many other
Chinese meat dishes such as braised pork ribs. It helps to reduce irony, raw
blood smell of the meat.

When the pork belly has changed color after boiling, wait until it cools down
and cut into thick slices.

After boiling and slicing the pork belly, I pan-fried over medium-high heat to
render the fat until the edges are browned and crispy.

For seasoning, I used a combination of Lao Gan Ma Black Beans Chili Sauce,
cooking wine, oyster sauce and dark soy sauce. Cooking wine, oyster sauce and
soy sauce are essential to Chinese cooking, I use them all on a daily basis.
As for Lao Gan Ma Black Beans Chili Sauce, it is one of the most popular and
well-known chili sauces in China. When added, it helps to significantly boost
the flavor and add a spicy kick to the dish.

I love this dish because of the texture of the rich pork belly combined with
the warming spice of the black bean chili oil sauce. The soy and oyster sauces
create a multi-dimensional flavor profile where that spice and richness is
balanced with a more savory note. I've found that the spicy and savory flavors
of this dish lend themselves perfectly to be eaten with plain white rice. The
white rice will help to contrast the bold flavors of this dish.

Below is a recap of how I made this dish.I hope you enjoy making this
delicious double-cooked pork belly at home. If you like this recipe, please
leave a rating and share it with your friends!  

5.0 from 1 reviews

Double Cooked Pork Belly



Print

Prep time

30 mins

Cook time

10 mins

Total time

40 mins



Author: Spice the Plate

Serves: 2

Ingredients

  * half a pound pork belly
  * 1 bunch leek, cleaned, trimmed, peeled and cut into pieces like the picture
  * 2-3 cloves garlic, peeled
  * 3-4 ginger slices
  * **For seasoning:**
  * 2 tablespoons Lao Gan Ma Black Beans Chili Sauce
  * 1 tablespoon cooking wine
  * half a tablespoon oyster sauce
  * half a tablespoon dark soy sauce

Instructions

  1. Immerse pork belly in a large pot of cold water with garlic cloves and ginger slices added.
  2. Turn to high heat and bring the water to boil.
  3. After the water starts to boil, turn to medium-low heat and cook the pork belly for about 20 minutes with lid on (carefully turn the pork belly once during cooking)
  4. Remove the pork belly from the pan, wait a couple of minutes for it to cool down and cut into thick slices.
  5. Heat a pan over medium-high heat, stir fry the cooked pork belly for about 4-5 minutes until browned and crispy (drain off the excess oil)
  6. Add in the seasoning sauce and stir fry for about 1-2 minutes to mix well.
  7. Toss in the leek and continue cooking for another 1 minute, remove from pan and serve.

Notes

Shop Asian Ingredients

3.4.3174

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * _

239

Shares

_

previous post

##### General Tso's Eggplant

next post

##### Steamed Pork Rib and Pumpkin

#### Keep reading...

### Garlic Pea Shoots

### Salmon Rice Bowl

### Dan Dan Noodle

### Pork and Bok Choy

#### 6 comments

Sarah @ Girl Adulting __October 23, 2016 - 10:58 pm

This looks seriously AMAZING. I have a love-hate relationship with pork belly.
Love in that it's delicious, hate in that… I will eat it ALL. Haha.

Reply

Kaylin Lewis __October 2, 2017 - 4:15 pm

What do you use for cooking wine?

Reply

Han Tang __October 2, 2017 - 5:21 pm

I used "Shaohsing (shaoxing) Rice Cooking Wine". Here's the Amazon link in
case you need it. Let me know if you have more questions for me.
https://www.amazon.com/s/ref=nb_sb_noss_1?url=search-alias%3Daps&field-
keywords=chinese+cooking+wine&rh=i%3Aaps%2Ck%3Achinese+cooking+wine

Reply

Kaylin Lewis __October 2, 2017 - 5:56 pm

Great thank you!

Reply

Allen Greenky __January 10, 2022 - 8:52 pm

This was a great recipe. I googled recipe pork belly leek cabbage as that was
what we had on hand. Was a hit with the family, tasted bright and fresh. We
used rice noodles and that loved the pork fat and sauce.

Reply

Emma Tang __April 5, 2022 - 3:58 pm

Thanks for your comment, Allen! Glad it was a hit!

Reply

### Leave a Comment Cancel Reply

Sign me up for the newsletter!

Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

Notify me of new posts by email.

Rate this recipe:  

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

#### About Me

## Hello!

Welcome to Spice the Plate! I am Emma, the cook and author behind this food
blog. Creating and sharing delicious Asian recipes is my passion. Here you can
find tasty, easy-to-make traditional and modern Asian recipes, cooking tips,
and more. I am excited you've found us! To learn more about me and this blog,
visit **here**.

#### All Time Favorites

  * 1

#### Korean Style Pan-fried Pork Belly

  * 2

#### Braised Pork Belly

  * 3

#### Soy-Brown Sugar Glazed Pan-fried Tofu

  * 4

#### Ginger Minced Pork Rice Bowl

#### Shop for the Kitchen

#### Let's Connect

__Facebook __Twitter __Google + __Instagram __Pinterest __RSS

#### Featured Category

#### Chicken

#### Pork

#### Rice, Noodles

#### Find a Recipe

#### All Time Favorites!

  * 1

#### Korean Style Pan-fried Pork Belly

  * 2

#### Braised Pork Belly

  * 3

#### Soy-Brown Sugar Glazed Pan-fried Tofu

  * 4

#### Ginger Minced Pork Rice Bowl

#### Shop The Kitchen

#### Recent Posts

  * #### Fresh Sautéed Okra and Egg

  * #### Homemade Low-Sugar Bubble Milk Tea

  * #### Summer Chicken Skin Salad

  * #### 5 Essential Cooking Guides for Beginner Cooks

  * __Facebook
  * __Twitter
  * __Google +
  * __Instagram
  * __Pinterest
  * __Email
  * __RSS

  * Home
  * Shop
  * Privacy Policy
  * Contact

© Spice the Plate 2020 · PRIVACY POLICY · HOW TO CITE

__

We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.
If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok

