https://www.scmp.com/cooking/recipe/twice-cooked-pork/article/3026652


##### SCMP Cooking

Chinese twice cooked pork - restaurant-level food

A member of the SCMP family

Directions

0

/0

Filter

* * *

View Result

  1. Home 

  2. The Chef's way 

Video series with Hong Kong's top chefs

  3. Cooking Tips 

Learn the basic techniques from the best

  4. My Bookmarks 

Find us on

Chinese

#  Chinese twice cooked pork - restaurant-level food

Medium

30

mins

4-6

people

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * WhatsApp
  * Messenger
  * Email
  * 

* * *

Susan says

There are many ways to prepare twice-cooked pork. Home-made versions will have
you simmer sliced pork (usually skin-on pork belly) in a seasoned liquid until
tender, before stir-frying the meat with vegetables, while at restaurants,
chefs start the dish with char siu (Chinese barbecued pork) or siu yuk
(Chinese crisp-skinned roasted pork).

I prefer the restaurant version, especially with siu yuk (char siu is too
sweet). Although this way is more expensive - you have to buy the meat from a
Chinese roast meat shop - it has the advantage of being quicker to make
because you don't have to boil the pork first. I like making twice-cooked pork
with plenty of vegetables, using the meat as a flavouring rather than the main
focus of the dish.

The amount of jarred chilli sauce you use depends on your heat tolerance, as
well as the brand. Check the ingredients list: avoid the ones with soybeans or
black beans (which are chilli bean sauces) and use the roughly textured type
that contain chopped chillies, garlic, oil, and perhaps soy sauce and sugar.
You will need to adjust the amount of soy sauce and sugar (which balances the
heat of the chilli) that you add, dependÂ­ing on the chilli sauce you use.

Use green head cabbage, which maintains its crisp texture when stir-fried, not
savoy or Chinese cabbage, which have softer leaves that wilt too much in the
heat.

Choose a skin-on piece of siu yuk with a nice layer of fat; donât use the
breast, which is too dry.

Ingredients

10g (â oz)

fermented black beans

10ml (2tsp)

light soy sauce

10g (â oz)

Chinese jarred chilli sauce

5g (1tsp)

granulated sugar

2

dried chillies, about 10cm (4in) long

2

medium-sized garlic cloves, peeled

3

Japanese leeks (negi), or 2 regular leeks, white and pale green part only

2

red banana chillies, or another type of long, mild chilli

800g (28oz)

green head cabbage

300 - 400g (10Â½ - 14oz)

siu yuk

Â½tsp, or more as needed

fine salt

cooking oil, as necessary

Directions

Briefly rinse the black beans under running water, then drain them. Put them
in a small bowl and add 20ml (4tsp) of hot water then leave to soak for about
10 minutes. Drain them, reserving the soaking liquid. Roughly crush the black
beans. Mix the soaking liquid with the soy sauce, chilli sauce and sugar.  

1/8

Put the dried chillies in warm water and leave to soak for about 10 minutes.
Take the chillies out of the water, cut off the stem ends and shake out and
discard as many seeds as possible. Cut the chillies into 1cm (7/16in) pieces.  

2/8

Halve the garlic cloves then thinly slice them. Thoroughly rinse the leeks,
then cut them on the diagonal into 2cm (â in) pieces, and the banana chillies
into 5mm (Â¼in) pieces. Quarter the cabbage and remove the core. Cut the
leaves into two-bite pieces. Slice the siu yuk into thin, bite-sized pieces.  

3/8

Place a wok (or large skillet) over a high flame and when itâs hot, pour in
about 10ml (2tsp) of oil. Swirl the wok to coat it with the oil, then add half
the cabbage. Spread the cabbage out in the wok so it has contact with the
metal, pressing on the leaves so they char slightly. Sprinkle lightly with
salt, then stir, and again, spread the cabbage out. Cook until the leaves are
slightly charred (about two minutes) then transfer them to a bowl. Repeat with
more oil, the remaining cabbage and a little salt.  

4/8

Place the wok (no need to wash it) over a high flame, add 15ml (1tbsp) of oil
and swirl the wok to coat it. Add the leeks and banana chillies and cook,
stirring occasionally, until the leeks start to soften, about two minutes.  

5/8

Add the crushed black beans and the dried chillies into the wok and stir-fry
for about 30 seconds. Mix in the siu yuk, cabbage and soaking liquid/soy
sauce/chilli sauce mixture. Stir well so the seasonings are evenly
distributed, then add about 60ml (Â¼ cup) of hot water. Stir the ingredients
then push them to the centre of the wok, turn the heat to medium and cover
with the lid. Let the ingredients simmer for about two minutes, stirring
occasionally, or until the cabbage is crisp-tender.

6/8

Remove the lid and taste the mixture. Correct the seasonings, adding more
chilli sauce if you like, and/or more sugar, soy sauce and salt.

7/8

Scoop the ingredients into a dish and serve with steamed white rice.

8/8

Chinese  Main Course  Pork  Medium

* * *

Liking this recipe?

Now you can save the recipe you into your own collection.

Sign up to our newsletter

Fresh recipes straight to your inbox. A curated collection of Asian dishes to
make at home.

Thanks, you're on the list!

Error, please try again later.

Please enter a valid email address.

By registering, you agree to our T&C and Privacy Policy.

Find us on facebook

Join our community and get the latest recipes from all over Asia for you to
make at home.

##### SCMP

### SCMP Cooking

Find us on

* * *

About UsTerms & ConditionsPrivacy Policy

Â© 2022 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd.Â All rights reserved.

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * WhatsApp
  * Messenger
  * Email
  * 

#####  Welcome to SCMP Cooking

* * *

We'll be showing you a whole range of Asian dishes for you to cook at home.
We're starting small but are thinking (and planning) big - we'll be adding
recipes to the site every week, and will expand to include international
dishes, cooking videos, interviews with famous chefs and much more. Be sure to
sign up to receive our weekly newsletter!

Thanks, you're on the list!

Error, please try again later.

Please enter a valid email address.

By registering, you agree to our T&C and Privacy Policy.

