https://achalafood.com/dry-vegetable-manchurian-recipe/


Skip to the content

Search

AchalaFood

Indian Veg Recipes

Menu

  * Snacks
    * Evening Snacks
    * Healthy Breakfast Recipes
    * Breakfast Snacks
    * Tea time snacks
    * Spicy Snacks
  * Sweets
    * Cakes
    * Desserts
    * Indian Sweets
  * Street Food
    * Chaat
    * Bread Recipes
    * Sandwich
    * Momos
    * Pasta
    * Pizza
    * Spicy Recipes
    * Chutney Recipes
    * Sandwich
  * Starters
    * Kids Special
    * Appetizers
    * Bachelor Recipes
    * Lunch Box
    * Juices
    * 15-Min Recipes
    * Beverages & Drinks

Search

Search for: Close search

Close Menu

  * SnacksShow sub menu

    * Evening Snacks

    * Healthy Breakfast Recipes

    * Breakfast Snacks

    * Tea time snacks

    * Spicy Snacks

  * SweetsShow sub menu

    * Cakes

    * Desserts

    * Indian Sweets

  * Street FoodShow sub menu

    * Chaat

    * Bread Recipes

    * Sandwich

    * Momos

    * Pasta

    * Pizza

    * Spicy Recipes

    * Chutney Recipes

    * Sandwich

  * StartersShow sub menu

    * Kids Special

    * Appetizers

    * Bachelor Recipes

    * Lunch Box

    * Juices

    * 15-Min Recipes

    * Beverages & Drinks

Categories

Appetizers Chinese Recipes Indian Vegetable recipes Indo-Chinese Side Dish
Street Food

# Dry Veg Manchurian Recipe

  * Post author By Achala
  * Post date January 29, 2019
  * 1 Comment on Dry Veg Manchurian Recipe

Jump to Recipe

**Dry Veg Manchurian Recipe** with a detailed photo and video recipe – is a
very popular recipe across India. It can be found in many Indian restaurants
and is commonly served in parties. It is also a very popular street food and
spicier version of the dish are available on many roadside stalls.

A mixture of crunchy veggies is shaped into balls and deep-fried and then
tossed with an assortment of sauces and flavor enhancers like ginger, green
chillies, and garlic.

Spring onions are a must in the Veg Manchurian because it gives an authentic
taste and aroma. Although the Veg Manchurian does not taste bad after cooling,
we would advice serving it immediately while the flavors are vibrant and the
textures are crisp and fresh.

You can also  **FOLLOW**  me on  **FACEBOOK, INSTAGRAM,** and  **PINTEREST**
for more fabulous recipes and updates.

**#Serving Suggestion:  **While serving the Indian Chinese meal, serve this
Dry Veg Manchurian recipe as a starter dish. Many prefer to have it as a side
dish with Hakka noodles or Schezwan noodles.

⇒Do give this recipe a try and  **share your comments**  below with me.

## DRY VEG MANCHURIAN RECIPE

Achala

Dry Vegetable Manchurian - mixed vegetable balls deep fried and tossed in a
delicious base of chillies, ginger, garlic and basic Chinese sauces – a
perfect starter.

4.75 from 4 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 15 mins

Cook Time 15 mins

Total Time 30 mins

Course Appetizer

Cuisine Indo-Chinese

Servings 2 servings

Calories 217 kcal

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

#### for fried veg manchurian balls:

  * 1/2 cup cabbage grated or finely chopped (green or red cabbage)
  * 1/2 cup carrot grated or finely chopped
  * 1/4 cup capsicum finely chopped
  * 1/4 cup french beans finely chopped
  * 2 tbsp spring onion finely chopped
  * 1/4 cup spring onion stalk finely chopped
  * 1 tsp ginger-garlic paste
  * 2 tbsp all purpose flour (maida)
  * 3 tbsp cornflour (also called as cornstarch)
  * Salt to taste
  * 1 tsp black pepper powder
  * Oil for deep frying as required

#### for veg manchurian sauce:

  * 1/2 tsp garlic finely chopped
  * 1/2 tsp ginger finely chopped
  * 2 green chillies finely chopped
  * 1/4 cup + 2 tbsp spring onion finely chopped
  * 1/4 cup spring onion stalk finely chopped
  * 1 tsp soy sauce
  * 3 tsp red chili sauce
  * 3 tbsp tomato ketchup
  * 1 tsp white vinegar
  * 1/4 tsp cornflour
  * 1 tbsp water
  * 2 tsp vegetable oil or sesame oil
  * salt to taste
  * 1/2 tsp black pepper powder
  * spring onions greens chopped for garnish

### Instructions



#### preparing the veg Manchurian balls :

  * Collect all the required ingredients.

  * To make balls, chop all the vegetables and take the finely chopped or grated veggies (carrot, cabbage, french beans, capsicum, spring onion stalk, spring onion) in a bowl.

  * Add salt, black pepper powder, and ginger-garlic paste.

  * Also, add all purpose flour and corn flour.

  * Mix the whole mixture and kind of gather and knead so that the veggies leave the water and you get a dough-like mixture. It should come together and you will be able to form a ball. If it is crumbly and dry then you can sprinkle little water and try binding together. Or if it is too sticky then add more flour.

  * Take a small portion of the mixture in your hands.

  * Press and roll it in your palm and make a round veggie ball.

  * Start shaping small balls from the mixture.

  * Make all veggie balls this way and keep aside.

#### frying veg Manchurian balls :

  * Now heat the oil in a pan on medium heat for deep frying.

  * Add a small piece of the ball to the hot oil. If the balls do not stick or settle down at the bottom of the pan, but comes up steadily the oil is ready for frying these veg Manchurian balls.

  * Gently place the balls in the hot oil.

  * Fry these balls in hot oil on a low-medium flame. Do not disturb them for a few seconds to 1 min after the balls are dropped in oil.

  * When cooked from one side, turn the balls with a slotted spoon.

  * After a few seconds of frying, keep moving and turning for even browning.

  * Once they are fried and golden brown from all the sides. Remove them using the slotted spoon and drain as much as oil as possible.

  * Place the fried veg Manchurian balls on a paper towel lined plate.

  * Fry the veg Manchurian balls this way in batches and keep aside.

#### making Veg Manchurian sauce :

  * Once the balls are fried, then its time to make the sauce. Heat oil in a pan.

  * Once the oil is hot add finely chopped ginger and garlic.

  * Stir and saute for a minute on a low flame, do not brown the garlic.

  * Then add chopped green chillies and spring onion.

  * Saute till they are soft and translucent or light pink. Again do not brown the onions, just soften them.

  * Add spring onion stalk to the pan.

  * Saute for 1 to 2 mins.

  * Now add the sauces-soy sauce, red chilli sauce, tomato ketchup, and white vinegar.

  * Quickly add salt and black pepper as required.

  * Mix very well.

  * Then sprinkle cornflour and add little water to the sauce to dilute it.

  * Stir well and let it cook for a few minutes.

  * After adding cornflour the sauce will begin to thicken, so one has to be quick.

#### making dry veg Manchurian :

  * As the sauce thickens, add the fried vegetable balls.

  * Stir so that the sauce coats the veg balls evenly.

  * Switch off the flame and dry Veg Manchurian is ready.

  * Serve it hot as a snack or appetizer garnished with spring onion greens.

### Notes

  * Do not keep the heat high, otherwise, they will turn dark from the outside, but will not be properly cooked from the inside.
  * It is best to squeeze out all the water from the vegetables after chopping them, otherwise, too much water will make it difficult to make Manchurian balls.
  * The oil has to be medium hot. Too much heat and the Manchurian balls will be browned from the top and uncooked from inside. Less hot oil will make the Manchurian balls absorb too much of oil.
  * You can increase or decrease the amount of chilli according to your taste.
  * Even the sauces can be adjusted to your taste. This is the measurement that works best for us.
  * Do not add sugar in the sauce as the tomato sauce and red chili sauce already has sugar.

### Nutrition

Calories: 217kcalCarbohydrates: 41gProtein: 4gFat: 5gSaturated Fat: 1gSodium:
691mgPotassium: 493mgFiber: 6gSugar: 13gVitamin A: 6443IUVitamin C:
47mgCalcium: 73mgIron: 2mg

Keyword dry manchurian

Tried this recipe?Let us know how it was!

## How To Make Dry Vegetable Manchurian (Step By Step Instructions With
Photos) :

### **preparing the Veg Manchurian balls :**

1.Collect all the required ingredients.

2\. To make balls, chop all the vegetables and take the finely chopped or
grated veggies (carrot, cabbage, french beans, capsicum, spring onion stalk,
spring onion) in a bowl.

3\. Add salt, black pepper powder, and ginger-garlic paste.

4\. Also, add all purpose flour and corn flour.

5\. Mix the whole mixture and kind of gather and knead so that the veggies
leave the water and you get a dough-like mixture. It should come together and
you will be able to form a ball. If it is crumbly and dry then you can
sprinkle little water and try binding together. Or if it is too sticky then
add more flour.

6\. Take a small portion of the mixture in your hands.

7\. Press and roll it in your palm and make a round veggie ball.

8\. Start shaping small balls from the mixture.

9\. Make all veggie balls this way and keep aside.

### **frying Veg Manchurian balls :**

1.Now heat the oil in a pan on medium heat for deep frying.

2\. Add a small piece of the ball to the hot oil. If the balls do not stick or
settle down at the bottom of the pan, but comes up steadily the oil is ready
for frying these veg manchurian balls.

3\. Gently place the balls in the hot oil.

4\. Fry these balls in hot oil on a low-medium flame. Do not disturb them for
a few seconds to 1 min after the balls are dropped in oil.

5\. When cooked from one side, turn the balls with a slotted spoon.

6\. After a few seconds of frying, keep moving and turning for even browning.

7\. Once they are fried and golden brown from all the sides. Remove them using
the slotted spoon and drain as much as oil as possible.

8\. Place the fried Veg Manchurian balls on paper towel lined plate.

9\. Fry the Veg Manchurian balls this way in batches and keep aside.

### **making Manchurian sauce :**

1.Once the balls are fried, then its time to make the sauce. Heat oil in a
pan.

2\. Once oil is hot add finely chopped ginger and garlic.

3\. Stir and saute for a minute on a low flame, do not brown the garlic.

4\. Then add chopped green chillies and spring onion.

5\. Saute till they are soft and translucent or light pink. Again do not brown
the onions, just soften them.

6\. Add spring onion stalk to the pan.

7\. Saute for 1 to 2 mins.

8\. Now add the sauces-soy sauce, red chilli sauce, tomato ketchup, and white
vinegar.

9\. Quickly add salt and black pepper as required.

10\. Mix very well.

11\. Then sprinkle cornflour and add little water to the sauce to dilute it.

12\. Stir well and let it cook for a few minutes.

13\. After adding cornflour the sauce will begin to thicken, so one has to be
quick.

### **making dry Manchurian :**

1.As the sauce thickens, add the fried vegetable balls.

2\. Stir so that the sauce coats the veg balls evenly.

3\. Switch off the flame and dry Veg Manchurian is ready.

4\. Serve it hot as a snack or appetizer garnished with spring onion greens.

finally, do check my recipes collection like  **Indo-Chinese Recipes
collection,**  further do not forget to visit my other recipes like,

  * **vegetable poha cutlet recipe | healthy vegetable recipe**
  *  **Eggless omelette recipe | gluten-free recipe**
  *  **Cheese burst pizza recipe | Kids snack**
  *  **Suji kachori recipe | evening snack recipe**

And don’t forget to share this article on your favorite social networking
sites

* * *

<- Instant Suji Mini Pizza Recipe -> Chaat Style Aloo Toast Sandwich Recipe

* * *

##  One reply on "Dry Veg Manchurian Recipe"

Janesays:

October 12, 2019 at 2:34 am

Fantastic, after having chicken Manchurian at a Goan restaurant 2 weeks ago I
decided to try and replicate it, awesome, your recipe worked well. I put my
veg through a processor as I was making so much and using very hard veg. They
were great. I also quadrupled your sauce recipe so that I could serve a
seafood manchurian as well. My vegan daughter and son in law loved thee veggie
Manchurian, we will be making it again. Thank you for sharing 🥰

Reply

* * *

## Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published.

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name

Email

Website

    * About Us
    * Contact us
    * FAQs
    * Homepage
    * How To Start A Food Blog
    * Privacy Policy
    * RECIPES

## food & recipes

  * Recipes Index
  * Blog
  * CookBook

## achala food

  * About Us
  * Contact us
  * Privacy Policy
  * Download App
  * FAQs

[sc_msls]

## Footer 1 Menu

  * About Us
  * Contact us
  * Privacy Policy
  * Download App
  * FAQs

## food & recipes

  * Recipes Index
  * Blog
  * CookBook

## achala food

  * About Us
  * Contact us
  * Privacy Policy
  * Download App
  * FAQs

## food & recipes

  * Recipes Index
  * Blog
  * CookBook

Search for:

(C) 2021 AchalaFood

Powered by WordPress

To the top ↑ Up ↑

