https://www.cookshideout.com/veg-manchurian-recipe-low-fat


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * All Recipes
  * Recipes by Category
  * Subscribe
  * ## Navigation Menu: Social Icons

    * Bloglovin
    * Email
    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * Twitter

  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * All Recipes
  * Recipes by Category
  * Subscribe

*   * Email
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

×

Home » Street Food » Healthy Veg Manchurian

# Healthy Veg Manchurian Recipe | Video

Published: Mar 5, 2022 · Modified: Mar 5, 2022 by Pavani · 22 Comments

126 shares

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin
  * Yummly
  * Email

Jump to Recipe Jump to Video

Veg Manchurian is a very popular Indo-Chinese dish. This healthy version is
made in an appe pan instead of deep frying. Even though this is low fat, it
tastes exactly like the traditional version.

This recipe is easy to make and is flavorful and delicious. Great to serve as
an appetizer or as a side dish to _Schezwan fried rice_ or _hakka noodles_.
Post includes detailed recipe with step by step instructions and video.

_This post contains affiliate links to Amazon and other sites. I will earn a
commission from qualifying purchases through those links. This blog generates
income via ads. Clickhere to read my affiliate links policy._

## Table of contents

  * About the Recipe
  * Ingredients
  * Instructions
    * Make Veg Manchurian Balls in Appe Pan
    * Make the Gravy
  * Expert Tips
  * Frequently Asked Questions
  * You might also like
  * Recipe Card

## About the Recipe

Manchurian is a quintessential Indo-Chinese dish that is loved by many
Indians, including my family. We make it a point to order it every time we are
at an Indian restaurant. They are great as an appetizer or as a side dish for
fried rice.

Manchurian is made with either meat or vegetables. Typically machurian balls
are deep fried fritters that are then tossed in a scrumptious sauce.

Here I have an easy and healthy veg manchurian recipe that I make in an appe
pan instead of deep frying. So this is a low fat version that uses much less
oil and hence less calories than the traditional recipe.

But I guarantee you that it tastes exactly like the original version with much
less calories. It is a guilt-free way to enjoy your favorite Indo-Chinese dish
right at home.

## Ingredients

For the details of the exact quantities of each ingredient and the list of
ingredients needed, check the printable recipe card below.

Here are the ingredients you need to make this vegetable manchurian recipe:

  * _Vegetables_ \- cabbage, carrot, bell peppers, scallions are the most common veggies in veg manchurian recipe. You can also use green beans, mushroom and cauliflower. Mix and match the veggies you have on hand. Just make sure to chop or grate them into fine pieces. You can use the food processor to shred/ grate the veggies.
  * All purpose flour (maida) and corn starch - help the veggies to stick together and not fall apart while cooking.
  * Salt & Pepper

You will need an appe/ _aebleskiver pan_ to make the manchurian balls.

To make the sauce, you will need the following ingredients:

  * Bell peppers - any color will work.
  * Ginger, garlic, scallions.
  * Ketchup, soy sauce (preferable low-sodium) and chili sauce.
  * Corn starch
  * Salt & pepper

## Instructions

For the detailed instructions on how to make the recipe with exact timings,
check the printable recipe card below.

Here is how to make veg manchurian, the healthy version.

### Make Veg Manchurian Balls in Appe Pan

In a large bowl, combine cabbage, carrot, green beans, mushrooms (if using)
and scallions. Add the all purpose flour, cornstarch and salt & pepper. Mix
well.

Take a tablespoon of veggie mixture in the palm and press to make a ball. If
the mixture is too wet and sticks to the hands, then add 1 tablespoon all
purpose flour. Mix well and try again until you can shape them. The mixture
will still be sticky but you will be able to from into rounds. Place them on a
plate.

Heat the paniyaram/ aebleskiver pan and add oil in each depression. Gently
slide in the veggies rounds into the oil. Cook them on medium flame, until one
side turns golden brown. Gently flip them using a fork or a spoon.

Cover and cook until the second side is golden and the veggie balls are
completely cooked through, will take about 2 more minutes. Remove onto paper
towel lined plate and repeat with the remaining veggie mixture.

### Make the Gravy

Once the manchurian balls are done, it is time to make the sauce. There are 2
ways to serve them:

  * veg manchurian dry - as the name suggests, this is a drier version and is usually served as an appetizer.
  * Gravy manchurian - has a sauce/ gravy and is served as a side dish for fried rice or noodles.

The basic ingredients for both the versions is the same. If you want to make
the dry version, use less water in the recipe and if you want more sauce/
gravy, then add more water. Here's how to make the sauce:

Heat oil in a pan, add ginger and garlic and cook until they are fragrant. Add
the chopped scallions, peppers and cook until tender.

In the meantime whisk water/ stock with cornstarch and set aside.

Once the scallions are cooked, stir in the soy sauce, chili sauce, tomato
ketchup, salt and pepper. Cook for 1 minute. Add the manchurian balls and toss
to coat with the sauces. Next add the cornstarch slurry and cook till the
gravy thickens.

Garnish with chopped scallions and serve along with Fried Rice.

## Expert Tips

  * Cabbage, carrot, bell peppers and scallions are standard veggies used in veg manchurian. You can pick and choose other veggies like green beans, mushroom and cauliflower. 
  * Make sure that the veggies are chopped very fine and they are all approximately the same size. You can use a food processor to finely chop them, but make sure that the mixture does not get too mushy.
  * There is no added water in the manchurian balls recipe. The veggies tend to give out water when salt is added. So there is no need to add any additional water for binding.
  * The quantity of flours in the recipe is very little — ratio of veggies to flour is much higher. But if you find that the manchurian balls are not holding their shape while frying, then add more flour to bind them well — add 1 tablespoon flour at a time.
  * Manchurian balls can be made ahead of time and chilled until ready to serve. Make the sauce/ gravy just before serving and toss in the veggie balls and cook till heated through.

## Frequently Asked Questions

**What is the difference between dry and wet manchurian?**

Dry manchurian has no sauce/ gravy but wet manchurian is served along with a
sauce. The basic ingredients for both the versions are the same.  
If you want to make the dry version, use less water in the recipe and if you
want more sauce/ gravy, then add more water.

**How can I make traditional version of this recipe?**

To make this recipe the traditional way, deep fry the veggie mixture in hot
oil until golden brown on all sides. Proceed with making the sauce as
described in the recipe.

## You might also like

Here are a few more Chinese style dishes that you might like:

  * Sesame Tofu Asparagus Stir Fry Recipe

  * Vegan Lettuce Wrap Recipe with Tofu & Mushrooms | Video

  * Chinese Cold Sesame Noodles (Liang Mian)

  * Chinese Potato Stir fry | Vegan Recipe

I love hearing from you!! If you’ve tried this and liked it, then don't forget
to let me know. Give a star rating and let me know in the comments below. Also
tag me in your creations on Instagram  **@cooks_hideout**. I love sharing
photos when people make my recipes. You can use the hashtag  **#cookshideout**
too.

## Recipe Card

## Healthy Vegetable Manchurian

Veg Manchurian is a very popular Indo-Chinese dish that is served as an
appetizer or as a side dish. This low fat version is made in an aebleskiver
pan.

Author: Pavani

Print Pin Rate

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

Prep Time: 30 mins

Cook Time: 30 mins

Total Time: 1 hr

Course: Side Dish

Cuisine: fusion, indo chinese

Servings: 4 Servings

###

Ingredients

1x2x3x

#### For Vegetable Manchurian:

  * 2 cups Cabbage, finely chopped
  * 1 Medium Carrot, grated (about ½cup)
  * ¼ cup Green Beans, finely chopped
  * ¼ cup Scallions/ Green Onions, finely chopped
  * ¼ cup Mushrooms, finely chopped (optional)
  * 2~3 tablespoons All purpose flour
  * 2 tablespoons Corn Starch
  * To taste Salt & Pepper
  * As needed Oil, for frying

#### For the Gravy:

  * 2 tablespoons Oil 
  * 1" Ginger piece, finely grated
  * 2~3 Garlic cloves, finely minced
  * 4~5 Scallions, finely chopped (about 1 cup)
  * ½ cup Green Pepper, finely chopped
  * 1 tablespoon Low sodium soy sauce
  * 1 teaspoon Schezwan sauce or Green Chili sauce (adjust as per taste)
  * 2 tablespoons Tomato Ketchup
  * 1 cup Water/ Stock (adjust as per desired consistency)
  * 2 teaspoons Corn Starch
  * To taste Salt & Pepper

###

Instructions

#### To make Veggie Manchurian Balls:

  * In a large bowl, combine cabbage, carrot, green beans, mushrooms (if using) and scallions. Add the all purpose flour, cornstarch and salt & pepper. Mix well.

  * Take a tablespoon of veggie mixture in the palm and press to make a ball. If the mixture is too wet and sticks to the hands, then add 1 tablespoon all purpose flour. Mix well and try again until you can shape them. The mixture will still be sticky but you will be able to from into rounds. Place them on a plate.

  * Heat the paniyaram/ aebleskiver pan and add about 1~2 teaspoons oil in each depression. Gently slide in the veggies rounds into the oil.

Cook them on medium flame, until one side turns golden brown, about 2~3
minutes. Gently flip them using a fork or a spoon.

  * Cover and cook until the second side is golden and the veggie balls are completely cooked through, will take about 2 more minutes.

Remove onto paper towel lined plate and repeat with the remaining veggie
mixture.

#### To make the Gravy:

  * Heat oil in a pan, add ginger and garlic and cook until they are fragrant. Add the chopped scallions, peppers and cook for 3~4 minutes or until tender.

  * In the meantime whisk water/ stock with cornstarch and set aside.

  * Once the scallions are cooked, stir in the soy sauce, chili sauce, tomato ketchup, salt and pepper. Cook for 1 minute. Add the manchurian balls and toss to coat with the sauces. Next add the cornstarch slurry and cook till the gravy thickens, this will take about 2 minutes. 

Garnish with chopped scallions and serve along with Fried Rice.

### Video

###

Notes

  * Cabbage, carrot, bell peppers and scallions are standard veggies used in veg cauliflower.
  * Make sure that the veggies are chopped very fine and they are all approximately the same size. You can use a food processor to finely chop them, but make sure that the mixture does not get too mushy.
  * There is no added water in the manchurian balls recipe. The veggies tend to give out water when salt is added. So there is no need to add any additional water for binding.
  * The quantity of flours in the recipe is very little — ratio of veggies to flour is much higher. But if you find that the manchurian balls are not holding their shape while frying, then add more flour to bind them well — add 1 tablespoon flour at a time.
  * Manchurian balls can be made ahead of time and chilled until ready to serve. Make the sauce/ gravy just before serving and toss in the veggie balls and cook till heated through.
  * To make this recipe the traditional way, deep fry the veggie mixture in hot oil until golden brown on all sides. Proceed with making the sauce as described in the recipe.
  * Dry manchurian has no sauce/ gravy but wet manchurian is served along with a sauce. The basic ingredients for both the versions are the same. If you want to make the dry version, use less water in the recipe and if you want more sauce/ gravy, then add more water.

###

Nutrition

Calories: 263kcal | Carbohydrates: 17g | Protein: 2g | Fat: 21g | Saturated
Fat: 2g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 6g | Monounsaturated Fat: 13g | Trans Fat: 1g |
Sodium: 243mg | Potassium: 281mg | Fiber: 3g | Sugar: 5g | Vitamin A: 2927IU |
Vitamin C: 34mg | Calcium: 46mg | Iron: 1mg

Tried this recipe?Mention @cooks_hideout or tag #cookshideout!

## More Street Food

  * Sowcarpet Murukku Sandwich Recipe

  * Sweet Potato and Black Bean Empanadas Recipe

  * Veg Momos Recipe | Video

  * Mauritian Dhal Puri Recipe | Video

126 shares

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin
  * Yummly
  * Email

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Lathiya

March 14, 2020 at 2:32 pm

  
The veg Manchurian looks so tempting. Your low-fat version is a great idea to
reduce calories.

Reply

  2. Geetha

March 14, 2020 at 3:47 pm

  
Low fat manchurian looks absolutely irresistible. We love manchurian but I
don't make it often only because it's a deep fried. Making it healthier in
appe pan is definitely a clever idea and now I can make it regularlywithoutany
guilt.

Reply

« Older Comments

### Thanks for coming! Let me know what you think: Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### Welcome, All!!

Hello, I am Pavani, the cook in this hideout. Cook's Hideout is all about
delicious vegetarian dishes from India and also from around the world. Here
you will find recipes that are easy AND tasty to make. More about me...

### My Cookbooks

### My Cookbooks

### My Web Stories

Check out my web stories here...

## Footer

^ back to top

### About

  * Privacy Policy

### Newsletter

  * Subscribe

### Contact

  * About

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2020 **Foodie Pro** on the Foodie Pro Theme

126 shares

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

