https://www.paintthekitchenred.com/easy-instant-pot-khow-suey-burmese-noodles/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Instant Pot
    * Air Fryer
    * Other
  * Tips
  * Shop
  * About
  * ### 

    *     *     *     *     *     *   * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Tips
  * Instant Pot Recipes
  * Air Fryer Recipes
  * Other Recipes
  * About

* ## 

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

×

Home » Instant Pot

# Khow Suey (Burmese Noodles)

_This post contains affiliate links. As an Amazon Associate I earn from
qualifying purchases. Please read the  disclosure._  

Published: May 13, 2020 | Updated: Apr 21, 2022 | Author: Paint the Kitchen
Red | 17 Comments

  *   *   *   *   * 

JUMP TO RECIPE

_Khow Suey (khao suey) is the Burmese version of the popular Thai dish Khao
Soi. This recipe is a one-pot easy version that has all the wonderful flavors
of the original. A warm bowl of tender noodles and chicken cooked in creamy
coconut curry broth makes this a hearty and comforting meal. It can be made in
the Instant Pot or stovetop._

##

Table of Contents

* * *

  1. **INTRODUCTION**
  2. **TIPS**
  3. **INGREDIENTS**
  4. **INSTANT POT STEP-BY-STEP INSTRUCTIONS**
  5. **STOVETOP DIRECTIONS**
  6. **RECIPE CARD- PRINTABLE**
  7. **RELATED RECIPES AND GUIDES**

## Introduction

_Khow suey_ or _khao suey_ (pronounced _cow sway_ ) is an irresistible recipe
with chicken and noodles in an aromatic coconut curry broth.

The recipe's authentic Burmese name is _ohn no khauk swe_ which means 'coconut
milk noodles'. Khow suey is very popular in India and Pakistan. It was brought
to these countries by expatriates returning from Burma during the middle of
the last century.

Some people complain about having to read long stories on food blogs. And I
can understand the sentiment. But I hope you'll indulge me here because I just
have to share this recipe's origins!

My Khao Suey recipe is adapted from my aunt Kumari's family recipe. Her late
husband Venu's dad worked for a major Bollywood movie production company in
Burma (now known as _Myanmar_ ) in the 1950's.

Khow suey was one of Venu's favorite foods when he was a boy growing up in
Burma. He would buy it from street vendors outside his school at lunchtime. So
his mom learned to make the dish at home.

The family fled Burma during civil unrest in the early 1960's, leaving all
their belongings behind. But the recipe for khow suey came back to India with
them and eventually the recipe was passed down to the daughter-in-law, my
aunt.

To this day, khow suey is one of her family's favorite recipes. My aunt says
she usually makes it on a Sunday, and it's so hearty and filling that it's the
only meal of the day. Her recipe has quite a few steps and takes some time to
prepare:

  * Make the broth
  * Cook the lentils (chana dal)
  * Make the spice mix
  * Cook the noodles
  * Prepare the garnishes 

My goal was to convert my aunt's recipe to an Instant Pot recipe, but make it
a one-pot meal. I feel I succeeded in simplifying the recipe, yet preserving
the delicious flavor. I also provide stovetop directions.

Just like with pho and ramen, what completes this recipe are the
accompaniments and garnishes, which I'll cover in the tips section.

As a side note, if you're a fan of the Thai recipe called _Khao Soi_ , you may
be interested to hear that it too has its roots in Burma! According to the
Wall Street Journal, Thai _Chiang Mai Noodle_ s or _Khao Soi_ came to Chiang
Mai with Chinese Muslims from Yunnan in Burma who for centuries traveled in
caravans through Burma, Thailand and Laos.

**Here are some other Asian recipes you might like to try out!**  
 **- Instant Pot Thai Coconut Soup (Tom Kha Gai)  
- Instant Pot Beef Curry**  
 **- Instant Pot Thai Peanut Noodles**  
 **- Instant Pot Lo Mein Noodles**

## **Tips and Substitutions**

* * *

### Onions

There are a couple of places that you use onions in this recipe. The first is
within the recipe and the second is as an optional garnish. Within the recipe,
I've given instructions to saute the onions until they are lightly
caramelized.

However, if you can take the time to saute the onions till they are a deep
golden brown, you'll get a ton more flavor. This can be time consuming and can
take 15 minutes or more.

I speed up the process by setting the **_Saute_** temperature to medium high
and deglazing periodically by adding a few teaspoons of broth or water to
dissolve the brown bits.

You need to watch the onions closely and stir frequently if you're using a
higher **_Saute_** temperature because the onions will become bitter if they
burn.

#### Onion and Garlic Garnishes (optional)

  * In a frying pan on the stovetop, heat 2 tablespoons of oil and saute sliced onions on medium heat until golden brown. This can take up to 30 minutes. 
  * I start the process by covering the pan and letting the onions sweat for about 10 minutes. Then I remove the lid and stir periodically. Keep a close watch, especially towards the end because burnt onions taste bitter!
  * Once the onions are a deep golden brown, transfer them to a paper towel-lined plate and set aside.
  * In the same frying pan, saute sliced garlic until golden brown. Make sure they don't burn; keep a close eye and stir constantly.
  * Remove promptly and set aside.

**Make Ahead Tip:** Sometimes I saute a large batch of onions on the weekend,
refrigerate them and then use them as needed when I’m making a recipe during
the week.

* * *

### Kashmiri Chili Powder

Kashmiri chili powder is a special kind of Indian chili powder that has a
bright red color without being too spicy. I actually use more than is called
for in the recipe, so if you like your curries on the spicy side, you can add
more.

It can be found at Indian grocery stores or on amazon. If you can’t find
Kashmiri chili powder, go ahead and substitute a smaller quantity of cayenne
pepper.

The great thing about Indian dishes is that you can make them as mild as you
like by adjusting the quantity of chili powder or substituting paprika for the
chili powder.  The recipe, as written, is not very spicy (by my Indian
standards!)

You can serve chili oil or red pepper flakes on the side, which allows each
person to customize the spiciness.

* * *

### Broth

I use chicken broth to cook the chicken and noodles because it adds extra
flavor. If you wish to use water instead of broth, that's fine too.

When you open the Instant Pot lid after pressure cooking, you'll see that
there's quite a bit of liquid, but after you add the flour slurry and heat it
in **_Saute_** mode, it'll thicken up quite a bit.

My family prefers khow suey to be less liquidy. You can add a bit more coconut
milk and/or broth if you'd like a more soupy consistency. Adjust the spices
and sauces as needed if you're increasing the liquid.

* * *

### **Fish Sauce**

I really like the quality of Red Boat fish sauce which you can find at Asian
grocery stores or on amazon.  But it is more expensive than other fish sauce
brands.  Tiparos is another brand of fish sauce I’ve used – it’s more
affordably priced.

There’s no substitute for fish sauce.  It adds that depth of flavor, the
umami, to dishes.  I’ve had vegetarian readers recommend the Fysh brand of
sauce.  But I haven’t tried it.  You may need to add a little extra.

Soy sauce is also a substitute for fish sauce, but there is a flavor
difference.

* * *

### Coconut Milk

I use full-fat coconut milk. I find some coconut milk brands don't do well
during pressure cooking, including some brands that are widely available at
grocery stores. My two favorite brands are Aroy-D and Chaokoh. Some readers
recommend Trader Joe's brand coconut milk.

* * *

### Vegetarian

To make vegetarian khow suey, substitute:

  * chicken with 3 cups of your choice of vegetables
  * chicken broth with vegetable broth 
  * fish sauce with soy sauce

If you like your vegetables to be crunchy, pressure cooking for 3 minutes may
be too much. Add steamed vegetables to the khow suey after pressure cooking
the noodles. Here are some vegetable ideas:

  * green beans
  * carrots
  * baby corn
  * mushrooms
  * zucchini
  * cauliflower

* * *

### Noodles

The traditional recipe for khow suey uses egg noodles, which do not hold up
well to pressure cooking. I've found angel hair pasta (very thin spaghetti) to
be a great substitute.

If you add the pasta altogether in one bunch, there’s a chance that the pasta
will stick together after pressure cooking. By fanning the pasta out and
layering in a criss-cross manner, your pasta has less of a chance of clumping.

To avoid the **_Burn_** error message, don’t stir the noodles. Just push down
on it with a spatula until it’s submerged in the liquid.

The pressure cooking time may need to be adjusted if you're using a different
type of pasta. I use Barilla angel hair pasta.

The rule of thumb for pasta cooking times is to take the cooking time on the
box, divide by 2 and add 1. e.g. if the pasta stovetop cooking time is listed
as 8 minutes, the Instant Pot cooking time for the pasta would be 5 minutes (8
divided by 2 = 4; 4 + 1 = 5).

* * *

### Gram Flour

Gram flour is a commonly used Indian ingredient. It’s known as _besan_ in
Hindi.

The gram flour thickens the soup. If you can’t find gram flour, use chickpea
flour, which is pretty similar. If you can’t find either, you can just omit
the gram flour.

When you make a slurry with the gram flour and water, make sure that there are
no lumps. Stir well and if there are lumps, use a fine mesh strainer to remove
the lumps by pushing the mixture through the strainer with a spoon.

_Option:_ you can add more flavor by lightly roasting the gram flour in a
frying pan and letting it cool before mixing it with water.

_Note:_ If you make this on the stovetop, there's no need to make a slurry.
Just saute the gram flour with the spices.

* * *

### How to Release Pressure When Pressure Cooking Pasta

Doing a quick release (QR) of pressure while pressure cooking pasta can result
in food particles spewing out of the steam release valve. When releasing
pressure, do it in bursts.

This means you release steam for 1 second and stop. Repeat multiple times
until the steam coming out is less forceful. At that point, you can release
the remaining pressure in a steady stream.

[ **Read More:Instant Pot Natural Release or Quick Release?]**

* * *

### How to Serve Khow Suey (Garnishes)

Garnishes are very important to this recipe. Place each garnish in a separate
bowl and allow each person to choose whichever garnish they would like to add.
You can choose any of the following, or experiment and add your own take on
the recipe:

  * Lime or lemon wedges to squeeze on top (highly recommended)
  * Spring onions, chopped
  * Crushed red pepper chili flakes or chili oil
  * Fried sliced onions (about 3 cups raw onions)
  * Fried sliced garlic
  * Boiled eggs, chopped or halved, or soft-boiled eggs, halved
  * Cilantro, chopped
  * Peanuts, chopped
  * Strips of fried pappadum (lentil crisps) or fried wonton strips

_If you’re new to the  Instant Pot and aren’t familiar with how to use it, you
might find it helpful to first read one of the following guides and then come
back here to learn how to make this recipe._

  * **_Instant Pot DUO Beginner’s Manual_**
  *  ** _Instant Pot ULTRA Beginner’s Manual_**
  *  ** _Instant Pot DUO EVO PLUS Beginner's Manual_**
  *  ** _Instant Pot DUO NOVA Beginner's Manual_**
  *  ** _Instant Pot DUO GOURMET Beginner's Manual_**
  *  ** _Instant Pot DUO CRISP Beginner's Manual_**
  *  ** _Instant Pot PRO Beginner's Manual_**

## Khao Suey - Ingredients

  * Chicken
  * Ginger
  * Garlic
  * Sesame oil
  * Oil

  * Onions
  * Fish sauce
  * Soy sauce
  * Turmeric
  * Chili powder

  * Coconut milk
  * Chickpea flour or gram flour
  * Water

  * Broth
  * Thin spaghetti (angel hair pasta)

## How to Make Khao Suey in the Instant Pot (Step by Step Instructions)

  1. Turn on **_Saute_** Mode
  2. Saute onion, garlic and ginger
  3. Saute spices and chicken
  4. Add liquids
  5. Add noodles
  6. Pressure cook
  7. Quick-release pressure
  8. Make chickpea flour paste
  9. Thicken noodle broth

### How to Turn on **_Saute_** Mode

  * **Instant Pot DUO:**   Select the _**Saute**_ function.
  *  **Instant Pot ULTRA:**   Select the _**Saute**_ function and press _**Start**_. 

### Saute Onions, Garlic and Ginger

  * Once the inner pot has preheated, add vegetable oil and sesame oil and let them heat up.
  * Add onions, garlic, ginger and saute until the mixture is caramelized. *
  * Press **_Cancel_**.

_* If you have the time, saute the onions till they are a deep golden brown
but be careful not to let them burn. If the onion mixture browns too quickly,
press **Cancel** until the Instant Pot cools down a bit and press the
**Saute** button again. Deglaze as needed with a tablespoon of broth as you
go._

### Saute Spices and Chicken

  * Add chili powder and turmeric and stir constantly for 30 seconds to a minute. Deglaze as needed if the spices stick to the bottom.
  * Add the chicken and stir to coat with the spices.
  * If there's anything stuck to the bottom of the inner pot, deglaze with one to two tablespoons of broth, scraping the bottom to loosen the brown bits.

### Add Liquids

  * Stir in broth, coconut milk, fish sauce and soy sauce.

### Add Noodles

  * Break the angel hair pasta strands in half.
  * Add the noodles in 4 batches, alternating the rows in a criss-cross pattern. Push down with a spatula after each addition.

### Instant Pot Duo Pressure Cook 3 minutes

  * Close the lid and make sure steam release handle is in **_Sealing_** position
  * Press _**Manual**_ (or **Pressure Cook** ) and **_+_** or **_-_** until the display reads **_3_** (3 minutes). 

### Instant Pot Ultra Pressure Cook 3 minutes

  * Close the lid.
  * Select **_Pressure Cook_** mode and adjust the time to 3 minutes (00:03).  
Press **S _tart_**.

### Pressure Cooking Process (Duo and Ultra)

  * Instant Pot display will change to **_On_**.
  * Once the Instant Pot is pressurized, the float valve will go up.
  * The display will count down to 0; it will then switch to **_Keep Warm_** mode and display **_L0:00_**   or **_00 00_** and begin to count up the number of minutes since pressure cooking completed.

### How to Quick Release Pressure (QR) on the DUO

  * Move the steam release handle to _**Venting**_. Steam will come out of the steam release handle.
  * When your Instant Pot is depressurized, the float valve will be in the down position.
  * Press _**Cancel** _and open the Instant Pot. 

### How to Quick Release Pressure (QR) on the ULTRA

  * Press down on the Steam Release Button until it locks into place, and steam begins to come out of the Steam Release Valve.
  * When your Instant Pot is depressurized, the float valve will be in the down position.
  * Press _**Cancel**_ and open the Instant Pot.

_**[Find out more about thepressure release methods and how and when to use
them. ]**_

#### Pro Tip

* * *

**_******_**For some foods such as noodles, I find it helpful to release the
steam in small bursts: less than 1-second intervals.  Once the steam coming
out is less forceful, I release the remaining pressure in a steady stream.
Read more about the different pressure release methods.**_******_**

### Make a Chickpea Flour Paste

  * In a small bowl, mix together water and gram flour.
  * Stir until a smooth paste forms, with minimal lumps.
  * If needed, strain through a small strainer to remove lumps.

### Thicken Noodle Broth

  * Add gram flour mixture to the Instant Pot.
  * Stir until combined.
  * Heat on **_Saute_** mode until the gram flour has lost its raw taste and the mixture has thickened slightly. It will thicken more while it rests.
  * Add more coconut milk and/or broth if you find that the soup is too thick.
  * Serve with your choice of garnishes. See tips.

## Stovetop Directions for Khow Suey

* * *

### To make this recipe on the stovetop:

  * Saute the onions, garlic, and ginger.
  * Stir in the spices and gram flour.
  * Stir in the chicken and saute.
  * Stir in all liquids and bring to a boil.
  * Add in the noodles and boil until the noodles are cooked.
  * Cook through until the soup has thickened.

_**See therecipe card below for detailed instructions.**_

## Khow Suey - Burmese Noodles

Khow Suey is the Burmese version of the popular Thai recipe called Khao Soi.
This recipe is a one-pot easy version that has all the wonderful flavors of
the original. Tender chicken and noodles cooked in creamy coconut curry broth
make this a hearty and comforting meal. It can be made in the Instant Pot or
stovetop.

4.92 from 12 votes

PRINT PIN RATE

Prep Time: 15 minutes

Cook Time: 25 minutes

Total Time: 40 minutes

Servings: 6

Calories: 498

Author: Paint the Kitchen Red

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * 1 Tbsp vegetable oil
  * 2 tsp sesame oil
  * 2 cups onions
  * 1 Tbsp garlic minced
  * 1 Tbsp ginger minced
  * 1  tsp Kashmiri chili powder more to taste
  * 3/4 tsp turmeric powder
  * 1 1/2 lbs boneless skinless chicken thighs cut into bite-size pieces
  * 5 cups chicken broth plus more to deglaze
  * 14 oz. coconut milk preferably Aroy D or Chaokoh brand
  * 1 1/2 Tbsp fish sauce
  * 1 Tbsp soy sauce
  * 8 oz. angel hair pasta strands broken in half **
  * 3  Tbsp gram flour or chickpea flour
  * 1/4 cup cold water omit for stovetop 

#### Garnishes (your choice of the following)

  * Fresh lime wedges
  * onions thinly sliced, fried to golden brown
  * whole garlic thinly sliced, fried to golden brown
  * cilantro chopped
  * roasted peanuts chopped
  * green onions chopped
  * crushed red pepper
  * eggs hard-boiled or soft-boiled
  * pappadum cut into strips and fried, or fried wonton strips

### Instructions



#### Stovetop Instructions

  * Heat a large dutch oven over medium-high heat. Heat vegetable oil and sesame oil.

  * Saute the onions, garlic, and ginger until the onions are caramelized and turn golden brown. Turn the heat down to medium.

  * Add in the chili powder, turmeric, and gram flour and stir constantly for 30 seconds to 1 minute, until fragrant. Add a bit of oil if needed. If it sticks to the bottom, deglaze by adding a couple of teaspoons of broth or water to release the brown bits.

  * Add the chicken and stir to coat with the spice mixture. Saute chicken until no longer pink.

  * Stir in broth, coconut milk, fish sauce and soy sauce and bring to a boil.

  * Stir in the pasta and boil until the noodles are cooked to your desired consistency, about 10 minutes.

  * Cook through until the soup has thickened.

#### Instant Pot Instructions

  * Select the _**Saute**_ function and pre-heat the Instant Pot.

  * Add vegetable oil and sesame oil to the inner pot and allow them to heat up.

  * Saute the onions, garlic and ginger for 3 to 5 minutes, until the onions are lightly caramelized. *

  * Press _**Cancel.**_

  * Add in the chili powder and turmeric and stir constantly for 30 seconds to 1 minute, until fragrant.

  * Add the chicken and stir to coat with spice mixture. If there are brown bits stuck to the bottom of the inner pot, deglaze with one or two tablespoons of broth or water and scrape with a spatula to dissolve the brown bits.

  * Stir in broth, coconut milk, fish sauce and soy sauce.

  * Divide angel hair pasta into four batches. Add the pasta to the inner pot in a criss-cross pattern: add one-fourth of pasta into the broth, spreading it out from the back of the inner pot towards the front. Push down with a spatula to submerge the pasta. Add the next one-fourth of noodles, spreading out right to left. Repeat with the remaining two batches. (See the step by step instructions on the blog post for photos if you need clarification.)

  * Using a spatula, push down on the pasta until all of it is submerged in the broth.

  * Close the lid and pressure cook on _**High Pressure**_ for 3 minutes.

  * Do a quick release in bursts: release pressure a little at a time until the steam is less forceful and then release any remaining pressure. **[** _ **Read More:**_ _ **The Different Pressure Release Methods**_ _ **]**_

  * Press _**Cancel**_ , open the lid and stir the noodles. If there are any strands of noodles stuck together, use a fork to separate the strands.

  * In a small bowl, combine gram flour and water. Stir until smooth, with minimal lumps. Strain through a strainer to remove the lumps, if necessary.

  * Stir gram flour mixture into the noodles. 

  * Select the _**Saute**_ function and heat the noodles to cook through and for the contents to thicken.

#### Garnish

  * Serve in individual bowls with lime wedges and garnish with your choice of garnishes.

### Notes

  * * If you have the time, saute the onions till they are a rich golden brown color. The longer you saute the onions, the better the flavor. To make sure they don't burn, periodically deglaze the inner pot with a tablespoon of broth or water, scraping up the brown bits.
  * ** If making this recipe on the stovetop, you have the option of using rice noodles or egg noodles. Cook the rice or egg noodles separately, and pour the soup over the noodles in individual serving bowls. If you use this option, you can reduce the quantity of broth to 3 cups and add more broth as needed, to your desired consistency.
  * Prep time will increase if you choose to make the fried onion garnish. It takes about 30 minutes to prepare; making it ahead of time is a great option.
  * Using a different type of pasta may require a different cooking time in the Instant Pot.
  * **See the blog post for more detailed recipetips.**

### Nutrition

Serving: 1 serving | Calories: 498 kcal | Carbohydrates: 39 g | Protein: 30 g
| Fat: 23 g | Saturated Fat: 12 g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 8 g | Monounsaturated
Fat: 3 g | Cholesterol: 104 mg | Sodium: 746 mg | Fiber: 3 g | Sugar: 4 g

Course Main Dishes

Cuisine Asian

Main Ingredient chicken, pasta

Have you made this recipe? I love seeing your photos! Tag me on Instagram
@PaintTheKitchenRed or #PaintTheKitchenRed!

Thank you for visiting Paint the Kitchen Red. All photos and content are
copyright protected. Please don’t use any content without prior written
permission. If you’ve made this recipe and would like to share it with your
friends, please link back to this recipe. Thank you!

_I am not a certified nutritionist.  I provide my best estimate of nutritional
information merely as a courtesy to my readers.  If you depend on nutritional
information for dietary or health reasons,  I suggest using your favorite
online nutrition calculator to confirm the nutritional value of this recipe
based on the actual ingredients that you use._

**If you loved this recipe, please give it a** five ⭐ **rating in the comment
section below and please share it on social media using the social media share
buttons at the top and bottom of this post. Thank you so much!**

**BACK TO TOP**

## Recipes you Might Also Like!

### Instant Pot Chicken Curry

This authentic Indian Instant Pot chicken curry is a delicious family recipe.
Made with bone-in chicken thighs and/or drumsticks, the curry chicken is
tender and bursting with flavor. Now you can skip takeout and make this easy
Instant Pot chicken curry recipe at home. See tips to substitute boneless
chicken thighs.

GET RECIPE DETAILS

### Instant Pot Chicken Tikka Masala

_This Easy Instant Pot Chicken Tikka Masala recipe makes a restaurant-quality
Indian curry that has succulent pieces of boneless chicken in a flavorful
creamy sauce. Ginger, garlic and Indian spices combine to give the curry a
heavenly aroma and taste! [Instant Pot and Stovetop Instructions]_

GET RECIPE DETAILS

### Thai Instant Pot Panang Curry with Chicken

_This Instant Pot Thai Panang Curry with Chicken tastes amazing!   It's quick
and easy enough to make on a weeknight and tastes like you got if from a Thai
restaurant.  Creamy coconut milk, Panang curry paste, chicken, vegetables, and
spices come together to make a delicious curry that tastes great with jasmine
rice._

GET RECIPE DETAILS

« Instant Pot Pork Soup with Hatch Chiles

Instant Pot Natural Release vs Quick Release of Pressure »

  *   *   *   *   * 

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Sunil De Silva

November 01, 2021 at 2:09 pm

  
Loved the recipe one of the several that I have made  
Thank you

Reply

    * Paint the Kitchen Red

November 01, 2021 at 3:34 pm

Sunil, I remember your name from another recipe - maybe vindaloo? Thanks for
commenting and I'm thrilled you liked the recipe 🙂

Reply

  2. Sucharita Iyer

June 10, 2020 at 4:14 pm

Loved this easy, simple yet flavorful recipe. Thank you for giving
substitution tips for vegetarians. I’m vegetarian so added veggies and tofu
instead of meat. I kept soy sauce amount the same and simply skipped fish
sauce. Added red chilli paste and black pepper powder besides the red chilli
powder and turmeric. Family loved it!

I’m unable to click on the stars to rate this recipe here - it is clearly
earns 5 stars from me!

Reply

    * Paint the Kitchen Red

June 10, 2020 at 8:19 pm

  
Hi Sucharita, thank you so much for taking the time to comment. I will go
ahead and put the star rating here in my reply. Thanks for letting me know
that you like the recipe and that you weren't able to rate the recipe - not
sure why that is….

Reply

  3. Jen

May 26, 2020 at 6:30 pm

  
I made this recipe tonight, and it was SO good! My whole family (teens +
husband) loved it and said it was a keeper. We topped with lime, cilantro,
green onions, hard boiled eggs, wonton strips, and crushed red pepper. (I
subbed pot-sized thin spaghetti instead of angle hair [store was out] and
bumped the cook time to 4 minutes. Everything was perfectly cooked! I also
used corn starch [3 T.] and water as the thickener instead of chickpea flour.)
Thank you for an awesome dish, Neena Panicker! So good!

Reply

    * Paint the Kitchen Red

May 28, 2020 at 10:29 am

Thanks for your great message, Jen. I'm so excited that you liked the recipe
especially because it's a new one and I love it when my new recipes get tried!

Reply

  4. Denise Feldman

May 25, 2020 at 6:06 pm

  
This was so delicious. I will make it again, but I will cook my noodles
separately and use them as a base to pour the sauce over. This is only because
we love leftovers and the noodles didn’t survive their integrity the following
day. The next time I make this dish, I’ll add carrots, zucchini, celery, and
either green beans or asparagus. That will eliminate the need to make a salad.

Reply

    * Paint the Kitchen Red

May 26, 2020 at 10:15 am

Thank you Denise, that's so kind of you to take the time to comment - I
appreciate it!

Reply

    * Stephen

September 21, 2020 at 4:11 pm

  
That's a great idea. Cooking the noodle separately will allow the use of egg
noodles and the left-over for the next meals or day.

Reply

      * Stephen

September 21, 2020 at 4:18 pm

  
By the way, I was born in Burma. This noodle Khow Suey and Mok hin gha ( fish
soup and rice noodle) are the two breakfasts I will never forget!

Reply

        * Paint the Kitchen Red

January 27, 2022 at 7:43 pm

I know this reply is long overdue, but somehow I never saw your comment when
it was posted. Thank you for trying the recipe and since you were born in
Burma, I value your opinion all the more!

Reply

  5. Amanda

May 24, 2020 at 6:11 pm

Hi Neena!

I'm so happy to see a Burmese recipe on your blog!!! I'm Burmese myself and
can't wait to try out this recipe when I get the chance.

Reply

    * Paint the Kitchen Red

May 26, 2020 at 10:22 am

That's so great to hear, Amanda - I sure hope you get to try it and do let me
know what you think!

Reply

  6. Yoav M.

May 20, 2020 at 5:43 pm

  
Thank you Neena!!! Everything I have made from your site has been mind-blowing
so I jumped on this as soon as I got the email. Took me a little bit to get
time and stock up on a few things i was low on but tried it tonight and it did
not disappoint. SO good!!! I must admit that I made some mods to make it more
friendly for my dietary restrictions (lite coconut milk and a few mods to make
it GF) and that I skimped on the garnishes but it was still FANTASTIC. Thanks
as always!

Reply

    * Paint the Kitchen Red

May 21, 2020 at 8:47 am

Oh wow, thanks so much Yoav! Your comment really made my day. I'm excited you
liked the recipe and the first comment and rating is always special because I
get affirmation that others like a recipe as much as I do!

Reply

  7. Sewitwell

May 17, 2020 at 1:02 am

I am so delighted to see this recipe, thank you very much!

Reply

    * Paint the Kitchen Red

May 18, 2020 at 4:10 pm

You're very welcome. By the way, I hid your email address since you had put
that as your name.

Reply

### Questions, Comments? I love hearing from my readers and I reply to all
comments! Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Rate This! Rate This!  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi, I'm Neena and welcome! I am the creator, photographer, and author of
recipes and tips at Paint the Kitchen Red. I live in the glorious west in Salt
Lake City, Utah with my family.**

More about me →

### Popular

  * Easy Instant Pot Fried Rice Recipe (Chinese Style)

  * Coconut Chicken Curry Soup

  * Instant Pot Sausage Pasta in Creamy Tomato Sauce

  * Best Instant Pot Jambalaya Recipe

### Seasonal

  * Peri Peri Chicken (Instant Pot and Grill)

  * Instant Pot Deviled Eggs with Wasabi

  * Grilled Instant Pot Jamaican Jerk Chicken

  * Arugula Beet Salad

## Footer

### AS FEATURED ON

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * Privacy Policy
  * About Me
  * Contact

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates

### Web Stories

  * Google Web Stories

### Instant Pot

  * Recipe Index
  * Tips and Resources

### Air Fryer

  * Recipes

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2022 **Paint the Kitchen Red**

