http://picturetherecipe.com/recipes/khow-suey-noodles-in-a-coconut-curried-sauce/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * About Me
  * Portfolio
  * Contact
  * Copyright

Picture the Recipe

Real Recipes. Real Pictures. Made Real Easy

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Appetizer Recipes
    * Soups
    * Salads
    * Main Course/ Entrées
      * Poultry- Chicken/Turkey
      * Meat
      * Seafood
      * Vegetarian
      * Rice and Pasta
    * Sides and Condiments
    * Sweets and Desserts
    * Drinks & Cocktails
    * Cuisines
      * Indian
    * Seasonal Recipes
      * Spring/ Summer
      * Autumn/Fall
      * Winter
    * Special Occasions
      * Game Day Snacks
      * Valentine's Day
      * 4th of July
      * Thanksgiving
      * Christmas
  * Videos
  * Tips 'N Tricks
  * Recipe Index
  * Life
  * Love

March 21, 2013

# Khow Suey (Noodles in a Coconut Curried Sauce)

Khow Suey is a Burmese (from Burma) noodle dish with a delicately spiced
coconut milk sauce and is served up with an array of different contrasting
condiments/toppings that takes this dish to the next level and give it a burst
of amazing flavors.

My mom made  Khow Suey as a Sunday special  family meal when I was growing up
and it was easily one of my favorites, still is. I can't quite pin point what
it is about this dish that I love so much, whether it's the delicate yet
creamy coconut milk sauce, the tanginess of the lime you add at the end or the
mix of garnishes you put on top…the crispy garlic and onion with the freshness
of cilantro and green onion…not to mention the heat when you bite into a
sliced chili pepper…..yummm. I'm drooling just thinking about it.

My mom always used spaghetti instead of traditional egg noodles and it worked
so well, I've just always stuck with it. So while this may not be a
traditional version of the dish (I also don't use any flour/lentil for
thickening), it's my mom's recipe…the one I love.

Do let me know in a comment below if you try it and like it…I'm excited to
share this one!

Khow Suey (Noodles in a Coconut Curried Sauce)

2014-11-30 20:24:06

Serves 6

A Burmese noodle dish with a delicately spiced coconut milk sauce,served up
with an array of different contrasting condiments/toppings that takes this
dish to the next level and give it a burst of amazing flavors.

Write a review

Save Recipe

Print

Prep Time

30 min

Cook Time

20 min

Total Time

1 hr

Prep Time

30 min

Cook Time

20 min

Total Time

1 hr

Ingredients

  1. 1 pack (1lb) of Spaghetti
  2. 2 large Chicken breasts
  3. 1 tbsp grated garlic (about 4 cloves)
  4. 1/2 tbsp grated fresh ginger (about an inch)
  5. 1/2 tsp turmeric powder
  6. 1 tsp cumin seeds
  7. 4 dry red chili peppers
  8. 10-15 curry leaves (can you Thai basil instead)
  9. 2 cans (14oz each) Coconut milk
  10. 1/2 a lime
  11. Salt to taste

For the toppings/ garnishes

  1. 6 eggs
  2. 6 cloves garlic
  3. 2-3 shallots
  4. 2-3 green onions
  5. handful of chopped cilantro
  6. lime wedges
  7. 1-2 chili peppers
  8. 3-4 tbsps vegetable oil for frying

Instructions

  1. – Start by cutting the chicken breasts into small bite sized pieces and toss them in a bowl.
  2. – Add 1 tablespoon of freshly grated garlic and half that of freshly grated ginger to the chicken.
  3. – Sprinkle over the turmeric powder and some salt. Mix everything well so that all the chicken pieces are coated in the marinade. Let the chicken sit in the fridge, marinating while you get everything else ready.
  4. – Next, prepare all the toppings and garnishes. Hard boil the eggs, roughly chop the cilantro and finely slice the green onion and chili peppers at an angle. Set them aside in little condiment bowls.
  5. – Finely slice the shallots and garlic (I used a mandolin slicer).
  6. – Heat 3-4 tablespoons of oil in a small wok/skillet. Then fry the garlic slices until they turn a light golden. Remove them as soon as they turn golden (it’s literally a few seconds from golden to burnt) using a slotted spoon and place them on a paper napkins to drain the excess oil.
  7. – Separate the onion layers, into strands and fry them in the same oil the same way you fried the garlic, until it turns golden. It’s best to do them in batches if your pan is small so that it browns evenly. Remove the fried onion with a slotted spoon and drain it as well.
  8. – Transfer the same oil (now flavored with garlic and onion) to a large pot. We’ll use it to brown the chicken and make the sauce.
  9. – In the meantime, boil your spaghetti according to the instructions on the packet. you can use chinese style egg noodles, but I’ve always just preferred spaghetti for this dish although it’s not traditional.
  10. – Once the oil is hot in the big pot, work quickly and add the cumin seeds, dried red peppers and curry leaves to the oil. They’ll immediately start sputtering and will brown quick so give it a stir.
  11. – Add the marinated chicken pieces and fry them with the spices until they turn white or brown slightly..
  12. – Lower the heat to low-medium and pour in the 2 cans of coconut milk (I used one regular and one can of lite coconut milk) and season it with salt. Bring it up to a simmer, stirring occasionally.
  13. – Once the sauce has been simmering for about 10 minutes and the chicken is cooked through, turn off the heat. You can add the noodles to the sauce and mix it together or serve the sauce separately….but before you do squeeze the juice of half a lime into the sauce for a touch of tanginess. It lifts up the whole dish, I promise!
  14. – Serve the noodles hot with all the assortment of condiments/toppings/garnishes so everyone can customize the dish to their taste. I personally like all the toppings…and lots of it! Sluuuurp!

By Noreen Hiskey

Adapted from  PictureTheRecipe.com

Adapted from PictureTheRecipe.com

Picture the Recipe http://picturetherecipe.com/

Print Recipe

### Related Recipes & Posts

  * Angel Hair Pasta With Shrimp, Red Chili & Lime
  * Chow Mein (Panda Express Copycat Recipe)
  * Tuna Lasagna Rolls
  * Coconut Shrimp Curry

Filed Under: Main Course/ Entrées, Poultry- Chicken/Turkey, Recipes, Rice and
Pasta Tagged With: burmese dish, chicken noodles, chicken recipes, curried
noodles, khow suey, noodles with coconut milk, pasta recipes, picture recipes,
rice and pasta recipes, step by step picture recipes, step by step recipes

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Fatema says

January 15, 2014 at 3:42 am

Dear Noreen

My husband asked me to make Khow Suey for him (his mouth was watering as he
spoke about having it at his friends house as a kid and that his friends mum's
khow suey was the best!)I'd never heard of it- tried your recipe and he
couldn't stop praising me. It was delicious. Thank you. Last night he had his
friends over for the first time since our marriage so I made it again and the
guests were so impressive with it. they enjoyed putting on the toppings and my
husband was so proud of me. So I made a promise to write to you and thank you,
and you mum!

Know suet

Reply

    * Noreen says

January 15, 2014 at 1:19 pm

That is so lovely to hear Fatema. Khow Suey brings back such warm memories for
me, it's easily one of my favorites. It's a fairly simple recipe to make too.
Thanks for writing in, it was truly heart warming to hear your story. =)

Reply

      * Maham says

August 1, 2017 at 11:55 pm

I really want to try this. What are the eggs for though? They are not shown in
the last picture nor mentioned in the process of recipe  
Thanks

Reply

        * Noreen says

August 4, 2017 at 5:36 am

The hard boiled eggs are a garnish as shown in the last picture.

Reply

  2. Ayesha says

January 21, 2014 at 2:35 pm

Hi,

I'm completely obsessed with this recipe! Khow Suey is one of my most favorite
and memorable recipes from childhood, and I'm so excited to be able to make it
now! I have made this for SO many people and they all rave about it.

Thank you!!!!  
Ayesha

Reply

  3. Kasturi Ray says

July 29, 2014 at 7:28 pm

Was searching for an authentic khow shey recipe. Happy I reached your site.
Will be making it for my family tomorrow. Loved the way you have meticulously
explained every step & the quantities to be used.

Reply

  4. Huma says

August 7, 2014 at 10:15 am

My Mom grew up in burma ,spend her whole life there. This is not an authentic
recipe. It misses the chicken gravy which we put in it alongside coconut
gravy.

Reply

    * Noreen says

August 11, 2014 at 7:50 am

As stated in the post Huma, this isn't a traditional Khow Suey recipe, it's a
personalized version of it.

Reply

    * Faiza LiaquatMerchant Hussain says

August 19, 2017 at 3:27 am

Yup that s the one my family uses

Reply

  5. Ben says

August 25, 2014 at 9:38 am

Your recipe left out the gram flour (basin flour) which is a vital ingredient
for khao swè. Also, the true Burmese recipe will not need the cumin powder.
Adding cumin powder to it Indianises this Burmese delicacy into an Indian
curry. Also left out were the fried hard tofu, another vital ingredient,

Reply

    * Noreen says

August 25, 2014 at 10:12 am

As CLEARLY stated in the write up before the recipe, I have made note that
this isn't the traditional recipe (just my version of the dish) and have even
mentioned leaving out the gram flour for thickening. If you're looking for an
authentic Burmese recipe, please look else where.

Reply

    * Faiza LiaquatMerchant Hussain says

August 19, 2017 at 3:28 am

We never used gram flour or tofu and the dish was handed from a Burmese family

Reply

  6. Crystal says

September 7, 2014 at 11:28 am

Tried this recipe tonight and it turned out fantastic!! I did add chilli
flakes and slit green chillies to the gravy while it was simmering because I
eat spicier food than most but other than that followed everything as
explained. My inlaws are memon and tend to cook this often but they spend
literally a better part of the day preparing, took me barely 45 minutes!
Thanks so much for this! This is going in my recipe book!

Reply

  7. kannan says

October 8, 2014 at 6:43 am

Tried a veggie version of this and it turned out delicious! Thank you so much
for such a quick and easy khow suey recipe 🙂

Reply

  8. BellyBytes says

February 17, 2015 at 1:07 am

Hi! This is my family's favourite too! I too have a recipe handed down from my
mom ( similar to your's) but I like mine with meat as it has a more robust
flavour. I'm making it tonight but I wanted to compliment you on your
wonderful site……….great pictures and very easy recipes.

Reply

  9. Manjula says

September 22, 2015 at 9:04 am

Hi there Noreen,

Your Khow Suey recipe is superb! and delicious. I cooked it yesterday and
everyone went slurppp!

My mother use to cook it for us when were kids. Besides the toppings you have
my mother use to add roasted peanuts nicely crushed as one of the toppings.

You have presented the recipes in an easy and a meticulous way and the
pictures are excellent!

Reply

    * Noreen says

September 24, 2015 at 4:23 pm

Hi Manjula!  
Thanks so much for the compliments.I have no idea why I have never done
roasted peanuts as a topping?! It sounds perfect and very fitting for the
dish. I'm definitely going to try it next time! Thanks!

Reply

  10. Jeremiah says

December 4, 2015 at 1:31 pm

I've made this dish from several iterations of my mom's, aunt's and other
family members Khow-suey recipes, and since we are Anglo-Indian we too use
Spaghetti noodles versus the real deal, and I too like it this way. Here in
California, I've had several opportunities to make this dish for work events,
family dinners and it's always been a huge hit. It was nice to incorporate
some of the nuances of your recipe and I've enjoyed re-making it with some
twists, thank you so much for the excellent explanation and the wonderful
pictures of this very tasty dish.

Jeremiah

Reply

  11. Belinda says

January 13, 2016 at 12:27 pm

Hi Noreen, I was brought up with Khow Suey from the minute I could eat solid
food. My parents were born in India, although from Portuguese/British descent
and I was born in England two years after they emigrated to England in 1966.
My mother befriended a young girl who had travelled across land from Burma to
India when war broke out in Burma in the early 1940s, which is how they came
across the recipe. My children have also been brought up with Khow Suey, but
when my daughter asked me to make it recently, I panicked because I couldn't
find the recipe. Luckily I found you!! Am about to try it out this weekend, so
I'll let you know the results! Thank you.

Reply

  12. Helen says

October 14, 2016 at 3:31 am

Love this dish. I use egg noodles and I also fry some to use as topping. They
are in most supermarkets. Can use Singapore noodles also. Delicious. Thank
you.

Reply

  13. Madhav says

January 13, 2017 at 6:40 pm

I followed your recipe to the letter except I used angel hair pasta. Turned
out delicious. Thank you.

Reply

  14. Manolo Cura says

April 22, 2017 at 11:00 am

It's my first time to cook & try. Unique & outstanding incomparable!!! Love
it…..

Reply

  15. Manolo Cura says

April 22, 2017 at 11:07 am

Everyone wants me to cook often!

Reply

  16. Faiza LiaquatMerchant Hussain says

August 19, 2017 at 3:30 am

This is a quick Khao Sai will be making it tonight

Reply

  17. Jisha says

September 12, 2017 at 5:18 am

Hi Noreen,  
I used your recipe to make Khow Suey for the first time. Both my husband and I
were craving it. Your recipe is just the best! We both loved it! it's super
easy, and the flavors are amazing. I'll be making it again for my husband's
birthday when we have friends over in a few days. Thanks to you and your mom:)
Meanwhile I'll also try out some of your other recipes!

Reply

    * Noreen says

September 13, 2017 at 9:30 am

Hi Jisha, Thank you so much for the compliments and I'm glad you enjoyed the
recipe!

Reply

  18. Alin says

November 15, 2017 at 5:28 am

Wow, I am definitely try it.

Reply

  19. Ratish Mehrotra says

December 25, 2017 at 10:54 am

Why is spaghetti used here? Can ordinary noodles be used instead?

Reply

    * Noreen says

December 27, 2017 at 9:17 am

If you actually read the post I explain why I use spaghetti. It's personal
preference, you can use traditional egg noodles or any kind you like instead.

Reply

  20. Manas says

December 31, 2017 at 4:43 am

One word ma'am, FANTABULOUS!!! (if that's a word, :P) I tired your version,
spiced it with red fried chilli and roasted groundnuts as garnish. And it was
just superb. Into my personal recipe book for Sure. A big thank you!!

Reply

  21. Sanah Dewan says

February 19, 2019 at 5:40 am

Hi, what a great recipe! Was just wondering if it would be required to add
Besan (Gram flour) and chicken stock as well? (As seen in other recipes)

Reply

    * Noreen says

February 19, 2019 at 7:21 am

You can definitely use besan for thickening the sauce to your desired
consistency. I don't use chicken stock as the chicken pieces flavor the sauce
enough, but you may add it if you'd like.

Reply

  22. Roopa says

February 20, 2019 at 1:37 am

Hi Noreen,  
This recipe looks so delicious. I am a vegetarian, could you please let me
know how to customize this for vegetarians? Just replace chicken with
vegetables?

Thanks,  
Roopa

Reply

  23. Sunita says

May 20, 2019 at 10:40 am

Amazing recipe!! So simple and well explained. Have sent it to my son to try
out too. Thank you very much Noreen for sharing your mums recipe. Will surely
try more of your recipes.

Reply

  24. Raihana says

November 25, 2019 at 9:08 am

I must say i tried this and it was just drlicious. Thank you

Reply

  25. simran says

April 12, 2020 at 12:37 pm

Amazinggg recipe! So easy and absolutely delicious

Reply

  26. Soumya says

May 24, 2020 at 11:07 am

Thank you for this amazing recipe. Absolutely yummy and oh so easy. I made it
for dinner tonight and my family enjoyed it!  
Also, I don't know why you are receiving so much flak for this not being
authentic - it tasted amazing and that matters the most! 🙂

Reply

### Trackbacks

  1. **34 of the World's Favorite Dishes You Need to Taste At Least Once - Flavorverse** says:

July 23, 2014 at 10:50 am

[…] Picture The Recipe […]

Reply

  2. **The insider's guide to eating like a boss in Goa | THE HUNGRY REVIEW** says:

January 21, 2015 at 10:10 am

[…] Khowswey. Image: Picture the Recipe […]

Reply

  3. **The Insider's guide to eating like a boss in Goa | Ravenous** says:

March 2, 2015 at 12:56 pm

[…] Khowswey. Image: Picture the Recipe […]

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating

Comment

Name *

Email *

Website

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### Search

Search this website

### About Me

"You eat with your eyes first" ...Hi! I'm Noreen. A huge foodie. I love to
cook, eat, read cookbooks, watch cooking shows and talk a whole lot about
food. Food to me is an endless topic. I could learn, eat and talk about food
every day of my ...

Read More

### Stalk Me (I like it!)

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

  
  
  

### Recent Posts

## Butter Chicken

Grilled chicken in a luscious tomato-based spiced ...

[Read More...]

## Vanilla-Cardamom Kulfi with Citrus Rose Syrup

A creamy frozen treat similar to ice-cream paired ...

[Read More...]

## Palak Paneer

Indian cottage cheese over a vibrant green spiced ...

[Read More...]

## Rogan Josh (Mutton/Lamb in a Kashmiri chilli pepper gravy)

Succulent pieces of Goat or Lamb braised in gravy ...

[Read More...]

### Popular Posts

### Balsamic Glazed Steak Rolls

Posted on March 18, 2013

### Spicy Firecracker Shrimp

Posted on July 22, 2012

### Game Day Snacks: Football Pizza Pockets

Posted on January 29, 2012

## Footer

### PTR

  * About Me
  * Contact

### Connect

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

### Instagram

Load More... __Follow on Instagram

### Never Miss A Recipe

Get the latest recipes straight to your inbox!

Email Address

### Copyright©2011-2020

All writing, recipes and photography is copyright © 2011-2020 by Picture The
Recipe and Noreen Hiskey unless otherwise indicated. Unauthorized use and/or
duplication of this material without express and written permission from this
site’s owner is strictly prohibited. Small excerpts (not entire recipes nor
photos) and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to
[Noreen Hiskey] and [PictureTheRecipe.com] with appropriate and specific
direction to the original content. I maintain the right to withdraw that
permission, and request my material/photos be removed from another site, for
any reason. I also reserve the right to charge a license fee for unsolicited
use of my photos.

Copyright(C) 2022 * Brunch Pro Theme by Feast Design Co.

