https://www.cookwithmanali.com/instant-pot-khow-suey-vegan/


Skip to content

Menu

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Contact
  * 

Signup for free Instant Pot e-book

Home » Instant Pot Recipes

# Instant Pot Khow Suey (Vegan)

Posted on February 23, 2020August 28, 2020 by Manali

  * DF
  * EF
  * NF
  * V

  *   *   * 

Burmese Khow Suey- noodle dish with coconut milk soup and served with an
assortment of toppings like fried garlic, fried onion, cilantro etc. The dish
is traditionally made with meat but this vegan version includes veggies like
mushrooms, carrots cooked in the coconut milk flavored soup!

Jump to RecipePrint Recipe

Khow Suey is a Burmese noodle dish with coconut milk broth and served with an
assortment of toppings like fried garlic, fried onion, cilantro etc.

The dish is traditionally made with meat but this vegan version includes
veggies like mushrooms, carrots cooked in the coconut milk soup.

_PS: This is my version of khow suey. I do not claim it to be authentic, maybe
it 's far from it but it's the way I like it and I hope you do too! 🙂_

_Disclosure: This post contains affiliate links. For more information on my
Affiliate and Advertising Policy, please clickhere._

Have you guys ever had Burmese food? I first tasted Burmese food here in the
US and instantly loved it.

The tea leaf salad, curries, samosa soup were all so flavorful and pleasing to
my taste buds.

One of my favorites Burmese dish is Khow Suey, a noodle based dish in which
egg noodles are cooked and served in a coconut milk based soup.

It is one of those comforting dishes that I love having on a cold, rainy day
(which is like most days here in Seattle)!

There are noodles, a creamy broth and so many delicious toppings, what's not
to like?!

This khow suey recipe might not be authentic as I have modified it to my taste
and preferences but it tastes good, that I can promise.

Like, usually the dish is made with meat but since I am a vegetarian, I made
this khow suey with veggies.

Also besan (gram flour) is generally used to thicken the dish but I don't use
it here.

You can make this on a stove-top or like me use your Instant pot to make the
broth. It comes together really quickly!

## This Khow Suey

✓ is packed with flavors

✓ comforting meal for cold days

✓ vegan

✓ made in the Instant Pot

The flavor of this khow suey comes from coconut milk (of course) and a paste
that I make with ginger, garlic, lemongrass and cilantro.

The curry leaves and dried red chilies also add to the depth of flavor.

Personally, I like _**using a can each of full fat and lite coconut milk for
the broth**_. You may use only full fat coconut milk here but then the broth
will be super creamy and I prefer a liter version.

Since the flavor of the soup depends so much on the coconut milk, I highly
recommend using **Chakoh Coconut Milk**. From all the canned coconut milks
that I have tried, it is my favorite by far.

I like making the soup in the IP while I boil the noodles separately on stove-
top. When testing this recipe, I did try cooking the noodles in the IP along
with the soup but it did not work. It all just clumped up together with
noodles absorbing all the soup.

So, it's best to do the two things separately.

I used ching's veg hakka noodles here but you can use any noodles you like
here.

For the veggies, I have added sweet corn, mushrooms and carrots here.

You _**can add beans, baby corn, even cauliflower or broccoli**_ would be good
but they will turn very mushy in the instant pot in the specified time.

So, my suggestion would be to chop the cauliflower into large florets (> 1
inch) and then pressure cook for 3 minutes, preferably on low pressure.

As for the broccoli, it is best to add after the broth is cooked. Add the
broccoli, cover with a glass lid and let sit for 5 minutes until it's slightly
soft.

You can even _**add crispy fried tofu here**_. Fry tofu while the broth if
cooking and then add it to the bowl before serving the dish.

And now coming to the best part about this dish! The toppings!

## Khow Suey Toppings

Now, the best part about this dish are the toppings! They really elevate the
flavor of khow suey.

Here are the ones I love the most- crispy fried garlic, fried onion, cilantro,
chili flakes, lime wedges, peanuts and green onions.

They make the dish so much more flavorful.

You can even add a boiled egg (hard or soft boiled) as a topping if you like
eggs.

A drizzle of chili oil on top is great too if you like it spicier.

Hope you guys would enjoy this dish as much as we did.

## Method

1- Boil the noodles according to instructions on the package. I used Ching's
Veg Hakka Noodles and boiled according to instructions on the package and then
drained using a colander.

2- To a blender add ginger, garlic, 2 tablespoons oil, lemongrass, cilantro
and turmeric powder.

3- Grind to a smooth paste and set aside.

4- Press saute button on the Instant Pot. Once it displays hot, add 2
tablespoons oil and then add broken dried red chilies and curry leaves. Saute
for few seconds.

5- Then add the ground ginger-garlic-lemongrass-cilantro paste to the pot.
Saute for 1-2 minutes, stirring constantly.

6- Add in the coconut milk.

7- As you can see the bottom of the pot burnt a bit while stirring the paste
so after you add coconut milk, use a wooden spatula to scrape the bottom.

8- Make sure there's no brown bits and nothing stuck at the bottom of the pot.

9- Then add the veggies (mushrooms, carrots, sweet corn) and the salt.

10- Add in the vegetable broth.

11- Close the lid and press the manual or pressure cook button. Cook on high
pressure for 3 minutes with the pressure valve in the sealing position.

Quick release the pressure.

12- Open the lid and squeeze in fresh lime juice. If the soup looks thick, you
may add more broth at this point.

For the toppings- heat 2 to 3 tablespoons oil in a pan. Then fry sliced garlic
until golden and crispy. Remove on paper and then in the same oil fry the
sliced onions until golden brown.

To serve Khow Suey, place the coconut soup in a large bowl and add the boiled
noodles. Top with fried garlic, fried onion, chopped cilantro, chopped green
onions, red chili flakes and lime wedge. Serve hot!

If you’ve tried this Instant Pot Khow Suey Recipe then don’t forget to rate
the recipe! You can also follow me on Facebook, Instagram to see what’s latest
in my kitchen!

## Instant Pot Khow Suey (Vegan)

Manali

Burmese Khow Suey- noodle dish with coconut milk soup and served with an
assortment of toppings like fried garlic, fried onion, cilantro etc. The dish
is traditionally made with meat but this vegan version includes veggies like
mushrooms, carrots cooked in the coconut milk flavored soup!

5 from 10 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 15 mins

Cook Time 25 mins

Course Main Course

Cuisine Burmese

Servings 4

Calories 563 kcal

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 5  oz noodles I use ching hakka noodles, or use any egg noodles

#### For the paste

  * ▢ 2 inch ginger roughly chopped
  * ▢ 9-10 garlic cloves roughly chopped
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons oil I used avocado oil
  * ▢ 2 stalks lemongrass chopped (after removing hard outer layer)
  * ▢ 1/2 cup cilantro leaves
  * ▢ 1/2 teaspoon turmeric powder

#### Coconut Broth

  * ▢ 2 tablespoons oil I used avocado oil
  * ▢ 3 whole dried red chilies
  * ▢ 15 curry leaves
  * ▢ 2 x 13.5 oz can coconut milk I used Chakoh brand, one can full fat and one lite
  * ▢ 4-5 oz mushrooms sliced
  * ▢ 2 carrots cut into rounds
  * ▢ 1/2 cup sweet corn I used frozen
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon salt or to taste
  * ▢ 2 cups vegetable broth
  * ▢ 1 small lime juice of

#### Toppings

  * ▢ 2-3 tablespoons oil for frying
  * ▢ 4-5 large garlic cloves sliced
  * ▢ 1 medium onion sliced
  * ▢ chopped cilantro
  * ▢ chopped green onions
  * ▢ roasted peanuts
  * ▢ red chili flakes
  * ▢ lime wedges

### Instructions



  * Boil the noodles according to instructions on the package. I used Ching's Veg Hakka Noodles and boiled according to instructions on the package and then drained using a colander.

  * To a blender add ginger, garlic, 2 tablespoons oil, lemongrass, cilantro and turmeric powder. Grind to a smooth paste and set aside.

  * Press saute button on the Instant Pot. Once it displays hot, add 2 tablespoons oil and then add broken dried red chilies and curry leaves. Saute for few seconds.

  * Then add the ground ginger-garlic-lemongrass-cilantro paste to the pot. Saute for 1-2 minutes, stirring constantly.

  * Add in the coconut milk. As you can see in the pictures above, the bottom of the pot burnt a bit while stirring the paste so after you add coconut milk, use a wooden spatula to scrape the bottom. Make sure there's no brown bits and nothing stuck at the bottom of the pot.

  * Then add the veggies (mushrooms, carrots, sweet corn) and the salt.

  * Add in the vegetable broth.

  * Close the lid and press the manual or pressure cook button. Cook on high pressure for 3 minutes with the pressure valve in the sealing position.

Quick release the pressure.

  * Open the lid and squeeze in fresh lime juice. If the soup looks thick, you may add more veg broth at this point.

  * For the toppings- heat 2 to 3 tablespoons oil in a pan. Then fry sliced garlic until golden and crispy. Remove on paper and then in the same oil fry the sliced onions until golden brown.

  * To serve Khow Suey, place the coconut soup in a large bowl and add the boiled noodles. Top with fried garlic, fried onion, chopped cilantro, chopped green onions, red chili flakes and lime wedge. Serve hot!

#### Stove-top Instructions

  * To make the dish on stove-top, boil the noodles as directed. To make the broth, follow the same steps and after adding the veggies, coconut milk and broth, cover and cook for around 10 minutes until veggies are done. Then squeeze in lime juice. 

### Notes

  1. Use gluten-free noodles to make this gluten-free.

### Nutrition

Calories: 563kcalCarbohydrates: 51gProtein: 8gFat: 30gSaturated Fat: 9gSodium:
1173mgPotassium: 498mgFiber: 4gSugar: 7gVitamin A: 5872IUVitamin C:
89mgCalcium: 67mgIron: 2mg

Tried this recipe?Mention @cookwithmanali or tag #cookwithmanali!

##  37 thoughts on "Instant Pot Khow Suey (Vegan)"

## Comment navigation

Older Comments

  1. **Preena** says:

February 3, 2022 at 2:45 am

  
I like it your way too!😍

Reply

    1. **Manali** says:

February 7, 2022 at 1:22 pm

Thank you Preena!

Reply

  2. **Isha Gujrathi** says:

January 30, 2022 at 8:42 pm

  
We loved it!!! This was sooo flavorful 😍. One question.. Can I freeze the
leftover soup?

Reply

    1. **Manali** says:

February 1, 2022 at 6:08 pm

Glad you liked it! not sure about the freezing part since I haven't tried it
myself but let me know if you give it a try!

Reply

  3. **Deepak Shirur** says:

October 24, 2021 at 2:40 am

  
hi nice recipe  
how do u get the nutritional info done - do u have a software ??

rgds

deepak

Reply

    1. **Manali** says:

October 24, 2021 at 10:17 pm

hello it's calculated automatically by the recipe plugin that I use

Reply

  4. **Hina** says:

June 14, 2021 at 8:57 am

Can there be a substitute for coconut milk?

Reply

    1. **Manali** says:

June 14, 2021 at 1:28 pm

unfortunately not in this recipe

Reply

  5. **Sinchita** says:

May 9, 2021 at 12:08 pm

I tried this recipe. It did not taste good.

Reply

    1. **Manali** says:

May 9, 2021 at 12:14 pm

can you please tell what did you not like? So many people have made it and
loved it so I am curious to know what went wrong?

Reply

  6. **Anuradha Mehra** says:

March 3, 2021 at 12:03 pm

  
Delicious! Plan to make for an outdoor winter brunch. I have a couple of
questions,  
What can I serve with it as a side dish or salad maybe? Any suggestions?  
Also, can I prepare this the night before?  
Much appreciate your input.  
Thanks a ton!

Reply

    1. **Manali** says:

March 4, 2021 at 6:28 pm

I would suggest to prepare the soup before but do not mix the soup with the
noodles before, the noodles will soak up all the soup overnight. I would serve
it with a crusty bread on the side.

Reply

      1. **Anuradha Mehra** says:

March 5, 2021 at 6:37 pm

Lovely! Will do!! Thank you so much! I’m in love with your recipes! ❤️❤️

  7. **Kaye** says:

February 16, 2021 at 11:04 am

Hi, can't find lemon grass near me. Can i add lime juice or something as an
alternative? What do you suggest? Thanks

Reply

    1. **Manali** says:

February 16, 2021 at 2:00 pm

I would try lemon zest even though lemongrass has a such a distinct aroma and
flavor, I personally think it's hard to replace it. Here's an article that I
found, maybe it will help: https://tastessence.com/lemongrass-substitute

Reply

  8. **Deepak** says:

January 25, 2021 at 12:56 am

  
Been a fan of your recipes for a while now. Tried this today despite my wife’s
misgivings and it turned out amazing like every recipe in your blog

Reply

    1. **Manali** says:

January 26, 2021 at 11:11 am

so glad! 🙂

Reply

  9. **Bela Mehta** says:

October 17, 2020 at 6:26 am

Amazing test of Khousey.  
After eating my family members gone mad ???✅✅

Reply

    1. **Manali** says:

October 17, 2020 at 3:46 pm

glad to know!

Reply

## Comment navigation

Older Comments

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name *

Email *

Website

Δ

### Hi, I'm Manali!

Bringing you easy, delicious vegetarian & vegan recipes! Eating veggies can be
fun, you just need to get creative in the kitchen with the right set of
ingredients!

Meet Manali

  *   *   *   * 

### Signup & Free E-book

Signup and get a free copy of my e-book on 15 Easy Instant Pot Dinner Recipes

### Order My Cookbook

Whether it’s your favorite Indian takeout or the regular lentils and beans,
these 75 new recipes will show you how easy it is to cook your favorite Indian
meal in the Instant Pot.

My Cookbook

## Popular Recipes

## Kadai Paneer

## Punjabi Chole

## Aloo Gobi

## Instant Pot Brown Rice

• Contact • Press • Privacy • Advertise

© 2022 Cook With Manali

