https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/szechuan-pepper-squid/1cc7cb0c-b876-4d38-8f74-5081cd519c5d


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Szechuan pepper squid

  * _30m_ prep
  * _05m_ cook
  * _4_ servings 

Rate Now

Save Recipe

28 people saved this

K

Kate Tait

190 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain mollusc.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 6 Ingredients 
  * 4 Method Steps 

#### 6 Ingredients

  * 2 tsp Szechuan peppercorns (see note) 

  * 800g whole squid, cleaned, tentacles roughly chopped (or use squid tubes) 

  * 1 tbsp rice bran oil (see note) or sunflower oil 

  * 160g punnet snow pea sprouts, chopped 

  * 4 spring onions, thinly sliced on the diagonal 

  * 3 cups cooked white long grain rice, to serve (1 cup uncooked rice) 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 4 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Grind the Szechuan peppercorns  (2 tsp Szechuan peppercorns (see note)) and 2
teaspoons salt using a mortar and pestle.

  * Step 2

Cut the squid tubes  (800g whole squid, cleaned, tentacles roughly chopped (or
use squid tubes)) along one side and open them out. With a sharp knife,
lightly score the inside surface with criss-cross lines - don't cut too
deeply, just enough to mark the flesh. Cut into 2-3cm-wide strips, then pat
dry with paper towel. Toss the strips and tentacles in the pepper mixture.

  * Step 3

Heat half the oil  (1 tbsp rice bran oil (see note) or sunflower oil) in a wok
over high heat until smoking, add half the squid and stir-fry for 2 minutes or
until opaque. Transfer to a plate. Repeat with the remaining oil and squid.
Return all the squid to the wok with the sprouts  (160g punnet snow pea
sprouts, chopped) and spring onion  (4 spring onions, thinly sliced on the
diagonal), and stir-fry for 1 minute.

  * Step 4

To serve, divide the steamed rice  (3 cups cooked white long grain rice, to
serve (1 cup uncooked rice)) among bowls and top with the stir-fried squid.

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

0 people made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

28 people saved this

### Recipe Notes

Szechuan peppercorns are from Asian food shops and delis. Rice bran oil is
from selected supermarkets.

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by Steve Brown

##  Popular on Taste

  1. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  2. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

  3. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  4. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  5. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

  6. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

  7. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

  8. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

