https://www.food.com/recipe/szechuan-peppered-calamari-salt-and-pepper-squid-116159


  * Recipes
    * Breakfast & Brunch Recipes 
    * Lunch Recipes 
    * Appetizers & Snack Recipes 
    * Dinner Recipes 
    * Dessert Recipes 
    * Drink & Cocktail Recipes 
    * Side Dish Recipes 
    * Grilling & BBQ Recipes 
    * Microwave Recipes 
    * Quick & Easy Recipes 
    * Slow-Cooker Recipes 
    * Air Fryer Recipes 
    * Instant Pot Recipes 
    * Baking Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Popular
    * Trending Now 
    * Casserole Recipes 
    * Chili Recipes 
    * Soup Recipes 
    * Pasta Recipes 
    * Bread Recipes 
    * Cookie Recipes 
    * Salad Recipes 
    * Tofu Recipes 
    * Copycat Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Meat & Seafood
    * Chicken Recipes 
    * Salmon Recipes 
    * Pork Chop Recipes 
    * Ground Beef Recipes 
    * Shrimp Recipes 
  * Healthy & Diet
    * Keto Recipes 
    * Healthy Recipes 
    * Vegetarian Recipes 
    * Vegan Recipes 
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes 
    * Weight Watchers Recipes 
    * Low-Carb Recipes 
    * Gluten-Free Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Holidays
    * Dinner Party Recipes 
    * Game Day Recipes 
    * Valentine's Day Recipes 
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes 
    * Easter Recipes 
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes 
    * Mother's Day Recipes 
    * Memorial Day Recipes 
    * Juneteenth Recipes 
    * 4th of July Recipes 
    * Halloween Recipes 
    * Thanksgiving Recipes 
    * Hanukkah Recipes 
    * Christmas Recipes 
    * New Year's Recipes 
  * Cuisine
    * Mexican Recipes 
    * Italian Recipes 
    * Indian Recipes 
    * Thai Recipes 
    * Korean Recipes 
    * French Recipes 
    * Latin American Recipes 
    * Chinese Recipes 
    * Japanese Recipes 
    * Spanish Recipes 
  * Seasonal
    * Spring Recipes 
    * Summer Recipes 
    * Fall Recipes 
    * Winter Recipes 
    * See More 

icons / profile

icons / arrow / arrow-left

  1. Recipes 
  2. Squid 

# Szechuan Peppered Calamari (Salt and Pepper Squid)

3

Recipe by Julesong

4

People talking

Join In Now  Join the conversation!

  *   *   *   *   * MORE 

Save Recipe

This recipe - which works as either a main dish or appetizer - is a result of
combining some different "Salt and Pepper Squid" recipes that I hadn’t made
before. I was aiming for the taste I’d had in a Seattle sushi place, but
didn’t quite achieve it. On the other hand, my husband and I loved these
anyhow, so I decided to write up the recipe so that I – and others – can
duplicate it in the future. These are as good as any calamari I’ve gotten in
restaurants! The first time we made them we gobbled them down so fast that I
forgot to take a photo... :)

Ready In:

    15mins

Serves:

     2 

Yields:

     1 as main dish 

Units:

     US 

icons / print PRINT RECIPE

  * icons / email
  * icons / social / pinterest
  * icons / social / facebook

4

People talking

Join In Now  Join the conversation!

## ingredients

Nutrition

  * 1⁄2 lb cleaned young squid, body and tentacles separated 
  * 1  tablespoon tricolor peppercorns (I prefer the different flavors of the tricolor) or 1/2-3/4 teaspoon black peppercorns
  * 5 -10  szechuan peppercorns (individual Szechuan peppercorns, to taste and depending on the freshness of your peppercorns)
  * 1⁄2 cup flour
  * 2  teaspoons sea salt
  * 1⁄8 teaspoon cayenne pepper, to taste 
  * 1⁄4 teaspoon garlic powder
  * 2 -3  cups vegetable oil or 2 -3 cups peanut oil, for frying 
  * chili-garlic sauce, for dipping (or other favorite dipping sauce)

## directions

  * If you got whole squid, clean them first: gently pull the head and tentacles away from the body, then pull out the backbone (quill, aka cuttlebone) from inside the body and discard it and the intestines and ink sac; cut the tentacles from the head just below the eyes and discard head; remove membrane/skin from body.
  * (How you cut up the squid at this point is a matter of preference, but here’s how I like it.).
  * Cut the larger tentacles away from the smaller ones, so that you get some single tentacles in the mix.
  * Pull or cut the wings away from the body.
  * Cut the body down the center so that you can open the two sides up flat, then make strips that are between 1/8 to 1/4 inch wide and about 1 to 1 1/2 inch long; you can also cut the body into 1/4-inch wide tubes, if you like.
  * Rinse all the cut pieces, tentacles, and wings well in a sieve, and let drain.
  * In a dry skillet, roast the peppercorns over medium high heat until they begin to smoke; remove from heat, let cool, then use a mortar and pestle or other grinder (I use a coffee grinder) to make into a fine powder.
  * In a bowl, mix together the flour, salt, cayenne, garlic powder, and powdered peppercorns.
  * Add the drained squid pieces, and toss or stir well with your hand to coat them well, shaking off excess.
  * Heat oil in a hot wok or deep heavy pan until very hot (the surface should seem to simmer slightly – you can test it with a single piece to see if it’s not enough), then deep fry the squid in batches for 1 to 2 minutes until tender and beginning to turn golden. Do not overcook or your cooked squid will turn rubbery -- blech.
  * Remove with a slotted spoon and let drain on paper towels.
  * Serve immediately with dipping sauce – we like garlic chile sauce, but cocktail sauce or aioli is nice, too.

Submit a Recipe Correction

#### MY PRIVATE NOTES

Add a Note

Advertisement

Advertisement

### RECIPE MADE WITH LOVE BY

Follow Me

@Julesong

Contributor

@Julesong

Contributor

"This recipe - which works as either a main dish or appetizer - is a result of
combining some different "Salt and Pepper Squid" recipes that I hadn’t made
before. I was aiming for the taste I’d had in a Seattle sushi place, but
didn’t quite achieve it. On the other hand, my husband and I loved these
anyhow, so I decided to write up the recipe so that I – and others – can
duplicate it in the future. These are as good as any calamari I’ve gotten in
restaurants! The first time we made them we gobbled them down so fast that I
forgot to take a photo... :)"

  * ###### recipes

872

  * ###### tweaks

13

  * ###### photos

154

icons / sparkles / sparkles

### JOIN THE CONVERSATION

icons / sparkles / sparkles

icons / camera

upload

icons / star / star-outline

review

icons / write-a-review

tweak

icons / question

ask

all

reviews

tweaks

q&a

sort by: most popularmost recent icons / navigate / navigate-down

  1. photo by  ImPat 

2/14/2010

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  2. photo by  ImPat 

2/14/2010

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  3. photo by  ImPat 

2/14/2010

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  4. photo by  ImPat 

2/14/2010

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  5. review by  ImPat 

2/14/2010

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

Yesterday we took our new (well second hand upgrade on the old runabout) for a
1/2 day out and well we had to wet a line but no fish but the squid were about
and we caught a large and a small one - I used the small one which once
cleaned (didn't catch the DH in time while he was cleaning but the tentacles
ended up in the bait bucket) so in flaps and hood on the small squid I had
just over 4 oz. so I made a half recipe as an entree for the DH and I and we
thoroughly enjoyed but both agreed we would try one change and that is to use
cornflour/cornstarch for the flour to give a slightly more crispy taste but
the flavours were wonderful and the DH and I were both thinking hmmm maybe we
should have used the other large squid. We served it very simply with lemon
wedges. Thank you Julesong.

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

see 5 more icons / navigate / navigate-down

Advertisement

### YOU'LL ALSO LOVE

13 Copycat P.F. Chang's Recipes

13 photos

How to Make Meatball Sub Kolaches

28 Springtime Salads for Easter

42 Ideas for a Ham-Free Easter Dinn...

View All Recipes

### RELATED PAGES

Chilli, Salt and Pepper SquidSalt and Pepper Prawns with Lime and Chilli
Dipping SauceChinese Crisp - Fried Salt and Pepper SquidSalt and Pepper Squid
or Calamari With Cucumber SaladSalt and Pepper CalamariSalt and Pepper
PrawnsPerfect Calamari - Salt SquidMel's Salt & Pepper SquidSalt and Pepper
Chicken

View Suggestions

BACK TO TOP

icons / social / facebook icons / social / pinterest icons / social / twitter
icons / social / youtube icons / email

  * All Categories 
  * Site Map 
  * About Us 
  * Help 

The Discovery Family of Networks

  * HGTV
  * DIY Network
  * Food Network
  * Cooking Channel
  * Travel Channel
  * HGTV Poland

© 2022 Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. or its subsidiaries and affiliates. All
rights reserved.

  * Advertise
  * AdChoices
  * Privacy Notice
  * Visitor Agreement

California Privacy Notice CA Do Not Sell My Info

