https://www.youtoocancook.net/2013/01/fish-manchurian-fish-in-manchurian.html


  * HOME
  * ABOUT THE AUTHOR
  * FEEDBACKS
  * CONTACT ME
  * ON MEDIA

* # 

  * HOME
  * RECIPE INDEX
  * NON-VEG
  * _EGG RECIPES
  * _CHICKEN RECIPES
  * _MUTTON RECIPES
  * _FISH RECIPES
  * _PRAWN RECIPES
  * _CRAB RECIPES
  * _SQUID RECIPES
  * _QUAIL RECIPES
  * VEG
  * _VEG SIDE DISH
  * _MUSHROOM RECIPES
  * _PANEER RECIPES
  * _SAMBAR
  * _DAL
  * _VEGAN RECIPES
  * RICE RECIPES
  * _BIRYANI RECIPES
  * _PULAO RECIPES
  * _VARIETY RICE
  * CURRY RECIPES
  * SNACKS
  * _VADAI, BHAJI AND PAKORAS
  * _CHAT RECIPES
  * _MILKSHAKES
  * _DRINKS
  * BAKING
  * DESSERTS
  * _Payasam Recipes
  * _Indian Desserts
  * _Karupatti Recipes
  * _Chocolate Recipes
  * _Jelly Recipes
  * VIDEO RECIPES

Menu

## Tuesday, 22 January 2013

__Semi-dry

Home __ Barracuda fry __ Curry for chapati __ fish __ Fish curry __ fish fry
__ Fish Masala __ Indo-Chinese __ Manchurian __ Non-veg __ Non-Vegetarian __
Sea food __ seafood gravy __ Semi-dry __Fish Manchurian | Fish In Manchurian
Sauce | Indo Chinese Recipes

#  Fish Manchurian | Fish In Manchurian Sauce | Indo Chinese Recipes

__ Divya A __ January 22, 2013 __Barracuda fry, Curry for chapati, fish, Fish
curry, fish fry, Fish Masala, Indo-Chinese, Manchurian, Non-veg, Non-
Vegetarian, Sea food, seafood gravy, Semi-dry

  
  
  

Fish Manchurian is a saucy delicacy from the most Favorited Indo-Chinese
cuisine. Fish pieces are coated with batter, deep fried and cooked in
manchurian sauce and served delectably  It is not at all spicy, but is sweet
and has succulent and juicy soft fish pieces in it. Kids and grown ups equally
love this recipe. Today am gonna discuss about a semi-dry version which has
moderate amount of sauce. To get a gravy version you just have to increase the
amount of stock water, it will make the difference. I have been a chicken
lover but have restricted myself to chicken recently, though I have tried to
forget chicken, I have been always day-dreaming about chicken moreover I get
teased up when fellow bloggers post delicious chicken recipes. To help
overcome this temptation I have been focusing on delicious fish recipes and
have tried my hand on all Indian fish delicacies. Now my menu has been
completely changed and my plates are covered with fishes now. But by now I
have gradually started to dislike devouring the same kind of fish curries, so
to come out of this boredom I made fish manchurian today to get my taste buds
relieved from the caught up flavor. Ordering favorites from a hotel is an easy
part and a short cut to health risks, but cooking the same delicacy with care
and enjoying it at home is more fun and healthy. So I made fish manchurian and
it was heaven for me, the fish pieces were so soft, juicy and succulent and
each bite just melted in my mouth. Only at the end did I get some fish flavor,
otherwise I myself would have believed that it was a chicken recipe. Yum, even
as I type this intro I still drool. I used normal water here instead of stock
and it did taste like the restaurant versions, but if you still prefer
excellency you can add vegetable stock. Sometimes when I prepare this fish
manchurian I run out of vinegar and I replace it with equal amounts of lemon
juice, the substitution still does not make much difference. I used great
barracuda (ooli meen) fish pieces here as it did not have much bones but
remained fleshy and so suited the recipe well, similarly you can choose any
kind of fish with few bones and more flesh, it will ease your work too. So now
you can adjust the ingredients according to the availability of ingredients
and with my experience it still yields a super delicious manchurian. Do try
and let me know how much you loved it!!  
  

  

  

  

**  
**  

###  **INGREDIENTS**

**Serves 2 people**  
**Total Preparation Time - 30 to 45 minutes**  

  1. Fish - 4 pieces 
  2. Big onion - 2 
  3. Capsicum - 1 small 
  4. Green chillies - 1 (or 2 if you want it bit spicy)
  5. Garlic pods - 2 
  6. Ginger - ½ inch piece 
  7. Lemon Juice - 1½ spoons / Vinegar - 1½ spoons
  8. Vegetable stock / Normal water - 200 ml (1 cup) 
  9. Egg -1 
  10. Maida / All purpose flour - 5 spoons 
  11. Corn flour - 2½ spoons \+ 2 spoons 
  12. Pepper powder - ½ spoon
  13. Sugar - 1½ spoon 
  14. Salt - As per taste 
  15. Ajinomoto - 2 pinches 
  16. Baking soda - ½ tsp (sodium bicarbonate) 
  17. Tomato sauce - 2 spoons 
  18. Soya sauce - 2 spoons 
  19. Red food color - 2 pinches 
  20. Oil - For deep frying and sauteing 

  
  

  

###  **PREPARATION METHOD  **

**Preparation of fried fish cubes for manchurian:**

  * Take the fish pieces wash it well in water and set aside. 
  * Make a batter with the following ingredients and set aside. It should not be too thick nor too watery. It should be slightly thinner than dosa batter. 

**(Batter)**

1\. Maida - 5 spoons

2\. Corn flour - 2½ spoons

3\. Pepper powder - ½ spoon

4\. Salt - As per taste

5\. Baking soda - ½ tsp

6\. Egg - 1 (beaten well)

7\. Water - As required

**Note:** First add egg to flours and mix well then add the required amount of
water. because if you add water first it may become too watery. Just check and
add the required quantity. Also beat the batter well using a fork.

  * Now steam the fish pieces using an idli pot. Do not boil nor pressure cook. Take a idli pan pour water into the pot, then place the idli plates on it. Close the pot with a lid and place on flame and preheat for 2 minutes on high flame. Then open the lid and place the fish pieces on the plate. Close the pot with the lid and steam for 2 minutes on high flame. Since fish gets cooked faster  and because some fish pieces requires different time to get cooked do check often. Fishes turn from pink to pale white color after it gets cooked. You can refer the pic below. After it gets cooked remove from flame and set aside until it cools down. 

  

  * Then remove the center bone and skin from the fish pieces and chop the flesh gently into medium sized cubes. 

  

  * Now take a frying pan pour oil generously for frying the fish pieces (no shallow frying here). Place on flame and wait until it heats up well. (not smoky hot)
  * Then dip these cubes into the prepared batter, hold for a minute to drop excess batter and slide gently into hot oil and fry on medium flame. Fry in batches, do not crowd the pan. Once they turn slightly golden brown remove from flame and place on a tissue paper to absorb excess oil. 

  

**Manchurian sauce preparation:  **

  * Take a bowl add 2 spoons of corn flour and 5 spoons of water and mix well. Make a paste out of it and set aside. 
  * Dice (chop into cubic pieces) onions and capsicum. Chop green chillies, garlic pods and ginger into very fine pieces. 
  * Now place a pan on flame and add 3 to 5 spoons of oil. After it heats up, add the finely chopped garlic pods, ginger, green chillies and saute for a few seconds.
  * Then add the diced onions and saute until it becomes translucent then add the diced capsicum and saute for a minute. It should not be overcooked. 
  * Then add salt and saute for a minute. 

  

  * Now add soya sauce, tomato sauce, vinegar, Ajinomoto, sugar, vegetable stock/water and stir well. 
  * Then add the corn flour paste, food color and mix well. Cook on low flame until the sauce slightly thickens. 
  * Then add the fried fish pieces into the sauce and stir well. 

  

  * Cook for few minutes until the sauce blends well with the fish pieces. Do not stir too much and do not overcook. 
  * Remove from flame, garnish with chopped coriander leaves or chopped spring onions and serve!! 

  
  
  

  

**TIP 1:** You can avoid eggs while making the batter for coating fish pieces.
See that the batter is not too thick nor watery.

  

**TIP 2:** You can also avoid steaming the fish pieces if in case you have
fish pieces with no bones. Just wash it well, chop into pieces and then use it
directly without steaming. Since I have used fish with bones I had to steam it
in order to remove the bones from it easily. But do not boil or pressure cook
the fish pieces.

  

**TIP 4:** I did not use vegetable stock and it still tasted so good, so its
not an issue of you don't have stock.

  

**TIP 5:** Never steam the fish pieces for a long time, this will make the
fish pieces turn mushy and you wont be able to chop cubes out of it. So just
steam on high flame for a minute or two, normally fishes gets cooked soon so
keep checking.

  

**TIP 6:** I have made a semi dry version, with moderate amount of sauce. If
you need more sauce or the gravy version just add some more stock water and
another half spoon of soya sauce accordingly.  
  
**TIP 7:** If you do not wish to get much fish flavor, then marinate the fish
pieces with lemon and salt initially for 10 minutes then wash the fish pieces
well in water and seam them, this would get rid of the fish odor.  
  

  

**Yummilicious Fish Manchurian is now ready!! Serve with noodles or fried rice
or any of your favorite dishes!!  **

  

  

  

  

  

  

Read more __ __

######## Share This:

__Facebook __Twitter __Google+ __Pinterest __Linkedin

Semi-dry

Posted by  Divya A at  January 22, 2013

Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest

Labels: Barracuda fry, Curry for chapati, fish, Fish curry, fish fry, Fish
Masala, Indo-Chinese, Manchurian, Non-veg, Non-Vegetarian, Sea food, seafood
gravy, Semi-dry

#### 40 comments:

  1. EncourageSpice22 January 2013 at 16:53

wow.love to have it .....

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  2. Sanoli Ghosh22 January 2013 at 16:56

This fish manchurian tempts me a lot. By seeing those pics, mouthwatering
here.  
  
today's recipe:  
http://sanolisrecipies.blogspot.in/2013/01/vadakari-snc-challenge-4.html

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  3. Rafeeda AR22 January 2013 at 16:57

as usual, delectable pics...

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  4. team ecoSycle22 January 2013 at 17:06

Love your pictures and photo tutorial.

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  5. Unknown22 January 2013 at 17:07

this is so new with awesome flavors.nice clicks sis

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  6. Unknown22 January 2013 at 17:23

as usual beautiful presentation divya.. looks like restaurant made.. well
done..

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  7. Menaga Sathia22 January 2013 at 17:50

wowww,wish to have some ..lovely clicks!!

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  8. Unknown22 January 2013 at 17:50

OMG this is downright tempting and so well explained .. In wish I could make
it, but husband does not like the smell of fish so have to eat it sometime
later!

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  9. virunthu unna vaanga22 January 2013 at 18:17

Hey Divy.. when i see the picture i though its gobi manchurian... but am
disappointed after see the header of fishhhhh.... looks gr8... hope u enjoyed
it well...  
Mint Chutney  
Show Your Style to the World - Series  
VIRUNTHU UNNA VAANGA

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  10. www.mahaslovelyhome.com22 January 2013 at 18:21

beautiful presentation n nice step wise pics.

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  11. Unknown22 January 2013 at 18:27

Delicious fish munchurian sis :0) looks so good, i love the large display pics
:) beautiful

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  12. Nisa Homey22 January 2013 at 18:42

Hey that steaming part is good....have to try your version, your clicks are
really tempting me to the core dear.

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  13. Manju22 January 2013 at 19:11

Superb color is perfect..

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  14. divyagcp22 January 2013 at 19:23

Delicious fish manchurian.. My mouth is watering seeing the pictures.. Very
tempting..

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  15. Vimitha Durai22 January 2013 at 19:44

Looks so tempting... Yum yum yum

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  16. Hamaree Rasoi22 January 2013 at 19:55

Stunning clicks of the Fish manchurian. Delicious preparation.  
Deepa

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  17. Home Cooked food22 January 2013 at 20:00

Perfecr manchurian.

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  18. eshoboshoaahare.blogspot.in22 January 2013 at 20:10

Lovely divya... A nice preparation... Nice explanation too.Thanks for sharing.

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  19. Unknown22 January 2013 at 20:34

Looks awesome Divya! your version is very unique. liked the way it turned out.

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  20. Asiya Omar22 January 2013 at 20:49

Wow! Super..

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  21. Beena22 January 2013 at 21:24

Looks delicious

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  22. Suja Manoj22 January 2013 at 22:01

This is so tempting,love fish Manchurian,love the clicks Divya.

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  23. Ruxana Gafoor22 January 2013 at 22:18

Real tempting recipe..sure to try

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  24. Sahasra Recipes22 January 2013 at 22:48

Yummy n Tempting pictures. Send me parcel.

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  25. Swathi22 January 2013 at 22:58

Fish Manchurian looks delicious and yumm.

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  26. Priya Suresh22 January 2013 at 23:29

Very catchy and super tempting manchurian,drooling here.

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  27. divya22 January 2013 at 23:54

Yum, that looks amazing!

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  28. pepper bowl23 January 2013 at 00:18

tempting pictures...they are just popping out of the screen...!!

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  29. My World My Home23 January 2013 at 00:21

Very tempting & fabulous.. :-)  
  
  
Helen  
http://myworldmyhome2012.blogspot.in

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  30. Unknown23 January 2013 at 01:05

Wow .....Delicious fish munchurian, looks so good.. n nice clicks

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  31. Julie23 January 2013 at 06:38

Mouthwatering manchurian dear..yummy tempting..Any left overs??:)  
Join EP event-Nutmeg OR Parsley @ Chef Mireille's Global Creations  

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  32. Sangeetha Priya23 January 2013 at 06:59

super tempting fish manchurian, nice presentation dear!!!

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  33. Unknown23 January 2013 at 16:46

love fish manchurian

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  34. Chef Mireille23 January 2013 at 18:28

never had manchurian with fish before - yours looks so succulent - definitely
want to try it!

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  35. Mélange23 January 2013 at 19:28

Extremely delicious exotic fish Divya..You can't torture anyone more...SO yum!

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  36. Shanthi23 January 2013 at 22:44

I would like to have some..very tempting..

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  37. Poornimacookbook24 January 2013 at 01:31

Lovely clicks and very inviting recipe.My kids just love fish manchurian.I
tried this with white fish fillets.

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  38. Vikis Kitchen24 January 2013 at 07:09

Never made this manchurian using this fish. Love the way u did it. Artistic! I
have made shrimp very long back....but now I wanna try urs. Yummy!

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  39. Jannet Loves to Experiment24 January 2013 at 07:19

I can finish that whole bowl Divya...

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

  40. Unknown24 January 2013 at 10:33

Though I don't eat fish, that doesn't stop me from praising you how will u
have written this post. The pics are incredible.  
  

ReplyDelete

Replies

Reply

Add comment

Load more...

Thanks for the visit. Do drop in your valuable comments and suggestions :)
Please do not add any links to your site/blog such comments will not be
published. Click on notify me and get notified about my reply to your
comments.

Newer  
Content __ Older  
Content __

Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom)

## Most Loved Recipe

### Grilled Chicken Recipe | Indian Style Chicken Grilled

## We Are On Instagram! Do Follow Us

  

## About The Author

Divya A

View my complete profile

## FOLLOW ME ON

    

## SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTERS

Enter your email address & get my recipes in your inbox for free!!!

Delivered by FeedBurner

## Popular Posts

  * Sponge Cake | Vanilla Sponge Cake | Basic Cake | Pressure Cooker Cake | Cake Recipe Using Pressure Cooker

2012 is almost retiring and just few hours are left so wanted to bid adieu to
2012 with a sweet note. The year must have ...

  * Gulab Jamun Using Milk Powder | Easy Gulab Jamun Recipe

Gulab Jamuns!!!!! who doesnt love it? Anyone would be a great fan of this
yummilicious dessert. This is a very special rich Indian de...

  * Chettinad Chicken Masala / Chicken Dry Curry

Chettinad is a small region in Tamil Nadu famous widely known for its
delicious cuisine which very well reflects the authentic flavors o...

  * Chicken Tikka Biryani | How To Make Chicken Tikka Biryani | Festive Biryani Recipe

"Chicken Tikka Biryani" This has been one of my favorite recipes recently. It
is so hot and spicy with sizzling flavors and...

  * Samosa | Onion Samosa | Samosa From Scratch | How To Fold Samosas | Make Crispy Samosas

Samosas , I know is one of the most favorite snack for all. It has been a very
popular snack almost all over the world, it is...

## More Recipes

  

## Cakes I Make :)

  

## My Shows On SUN TV

  

## Pages

  * Home
  * About The Author
  * Recipe Index

## Magazine Features!

  

## Bake Without Oven

  
Click for recipes

## Disclaimer

All photos, and content here are clicked and edited by me. If anyone wishes to
use the photos or contents, please get prior permission from the author and
then use it. If found stealing will be strictly penalized. Comments are always
welcome but spam and comments that seem to hurt any individual will be deleted
without prior information.  

  * 

Created By Sora Templates | Distributed By Gooyaabi Templates

  *[January 22, 2013]: 2013-01-22T16:48:00+05:30

