https://platetopalateblog.com/fish-manchurian-easy-simple-recipe/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * Home
  * About
  * RECIPE INDEX
  * Contact
  * Privacy Policy
  *     * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * YouTube

  * Search

# Fish Manchurian

March 3, 2020 by JAYANTHY 2 Comments

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

Fish Manchurian is a simple ,delicious and easy recipe to prepare with in few
minutes. It is an amazing appetizer and perfect to serve as a starter in
parties and snack for kids. Sweet ,spicy and slightly sour is the taste of
this delicious dish and no one would say no and ask for more. There are two
ways of preparing fish manchurian. Some boil fish chunks, fry, add sauce and
toss with cornflour slurry . But, I prefer to pan fry fish first and then toss
with chinese sauces and garnish with spring onions . This recipe calls for
Indian spices and chinese sauces and hence it is an Indo - Chinese dish.

**Fish Manchurian**

## Variations of Fish Manchurian

Fish manchurian can either be Dry or Gravy/Saucy as per your taste. I like dry
and hence reduced sauces and cornstarch slurry to the recipe. Adding
vegetables like coloured bell peppers and spring onions add crunchy taste to
the dish. Spring onion is a must for this recipe and if it is not available do
skip the recipe. For gravy/saucy manchurian the recipe is same and you need to
add more cornstarch to achieve the consistency.The saucy variation goes well
with fried rice and some prefer to have with Indian flat breads.

## How to make Fish Manchurian?

To prepare this exotic delicacy ,Seer fish is perfect for making this dish.
Firstly make small chunks or pieces of fish and keep separately. Add 2
tablespoon of cornstarch and 1 tablespoon of all purpose flour and half salt
to the fish chunks and pan fry fish until crisp and keep separately.

For making gravy, first chop vegetables to cube size and chop spring onion
finely. In a pan or wok use the leftover fried oil and heat on high flame and
add crushed garlic ,chopped onion ,bell pepper to it and saute slightly. Add
soy sauce,chilli sauce,sweet chilli sauce and tomato ketchup and stir well. In
a small bowl add 3/4 teaspoon cornstarch to little water and make slurry mix.
Mix slurry to the vegetables and cook until it forms thick gravy. Add fried
fish and toss well until it is well coated on each pieces of fried fish
chunks. Finally garnish with fresh chopped spring onions which is an essential
vegetable to enhance the flavour of Fish Manchurian. It is ready to serve with
any piping hot fried rice or can serve as snack for kids. Lets jump to the
recipe with step by step preparation.

**Fish Manchurian**  

#### Preparation Time : 15 minutes

#### Cooking Time : 15 minutes

#### Servings : 4

#### Ingredients for Frying

King Fish - 1/2 kg

Ginger garlic paste - 1 tsp

Corn flour - 2 tbsp

All purpose flour - 1 tbsp

Turmeric powder - 1/4 tsp

Pepper powder - 1/2 tsp

Chilli powder - 1 tbsp ( to taste)

Turmeric powder - 1/2 tsp

Salt - 1/4 tsp

Oil - 1/4 cup

#### For making Gravy

Onion - 1 (medium size)

Red Bell pepper - 1

Yellow Bell pepper - 1

Spring Onions - 1 bunch

Garlic cloves - 3 (crushed)

Green chillies -2

Chilli flakes - 1 tsp

Soy sauce - 1 tbsp

Chilli sauce - 1 tsp

Sweet Chilli Sauce - 1 tsp

Tomato ketchup - 1 tbsp

Vinegar - 1/2 tsp

Cornflour - 1/2 tsp

Water - 2 tbsp

Salt - 1/4 tsp or to taste

#### Procedure

Cut fish into small chunks and add ginger garlic paste,pepper powder,turmeric
powder,chilli powder,cornflour,all purpose flour and salt to taste.

Add little water to just coat the fish pieces. Gently mix so that the fish do
not become mushy.

Heat oil in pan and fry fish until it turns crisp and golden brown.

In the same pan with leftover oil ,add crushed garlic cloves ,green chillies
and onion and saute on high flame.

Add diced bell peppers and finely chopped spring onions and toss well.

Now add soy sauce,red chilli sauce,sweet chilli sauce ,tomato ketchup and
vinegar and mix well on high flame.

Meanwhile mix cornstarch in little water and add slurry to the vegetable
gravy/sauce mixture. The gravy or sauce starts to thicken within a minute or
two.

Now add fried fish to the gravy/sauce and mix gently until gravy coats well on
each piece of fish.

Finally garnish with finely chopped spring onions and is ready to serve as a
snack to kids or with any fried rice .

Hope you like the recipe!If so, please try it out,leave your comment and
thought which means a lot to me. Thank you so much for stopping by the site
!Happy Cooking ????.

**Fish Manchurian**

### Some Fish Recipe You Might Like To Try

**Sankara Meen kuzhambu,Red Snapper Curry**

**Simple/Easy Fish Fry/South Indian Style**

#### Notes

Use Seer fish for this recipe. If not available can use other fish varieties
,but make sure to pin bone fish carefully.

Add sauces according to your palate taste.

Make sure to cook the vegetables on high flame to maintain crunchiness and
after adding fish to the gravy/sauce toss well and switch off the flame.

Chinese cooking are cooked on high flame to retain the perfect texture of meat
or vegetables so try to maintain the heat during second part of cooking
(gravy/sauce preparation).

## Fish Manchurian

Jayanthy Asokan

Fish Manchurian is a simple ,delicious and easy recipe to prepare with in few
minutes. It is an amazing appetizer and perfect to serve as a starter in
parties and snack for kids.

5 from 1 vote

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 15 mins

Cook Time 15 mins

Total Time 30 mins

Course Appetizer, Snack

Cuisine Chinese

Servings 4

### Equipment

  * Frying pan or Wok

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * ½ kg King Fish 
  * 1 tsp Ginger garlic paste
  * 1 tbsp All purpose flour
  * ½ tsp Turmeric powder
  * 1 tsp Chilli powder  (to taste)
  * ¼ tsp salt
  * ¼ cup oil

#### For making Gravy

  * 1 Onion  (medium sized)
  * 1 Red Bell pepper 
  * 1 Yellow Bell pepper
  * 1 bunch Spring Onions 
  * 3 Garlic cloves  (crushed)
  * 2 Green chillies
  * 1 tsp Chilli flakes
  * 1 tbsp Soy sauce 
  * 1 tsp Chilli sauce 
  * 1 tsp Sweet Chilli Sauce
  * 1 tbsp Tomato ketchup
  * ½ tsp Vinegar 
  * ½ tsp Cornflour
  * 2 tbsp Water 
  * ¼ tsp Salt (to taste)

### Instructions



  * Cut fish into small chunks and add ginger garlic paste, pepper powder, turmeric powder, chilli powder, cornflour, all purpose flour and salt to taste.

  * Add little water to just coat the fish pieces. Gently mix so that the fish do not become mushy.

  * Heat oil in pan and fry fish until it turns crisp and golden brown.

  * In the same pan with leftover oil ,add crushed garlic cloves ,green chillies and onion and saute on high flame.

  * Add diced bell peppers and finely chopped spring onions and toss well.

  * Now add soy sauce, red chilli sauce, sweet chilli sauce ,tomato ketchup and vinegar and mix well on high flame.

  * Meanwhile mix corn starch in little water and add slurry to the vegetable gravy/sauce mixture. The gravy or sauce starts to thicken within a minute or two.

  * Now add fried fish to the gravy/sauce and mix gently until gravy coats well on each piece of fish.

  * Finally garnish with finely chopped spring onions and is ready to serve as a snack to kids or with any fried rice .

  * Fish Munchurian is ready to serve.

### Notes

Use Seer fish for this recipe. If not available can use other fish varieties
,but make sure to pin bone fish carefully.

Add sauces according to your palate taste.

Make sure to cook the vegetables on high flame to maintain crunchiness and
after adding fish to the gravy/sauce toss well and switch off the flame.

Chinese cooking are cooked on high flame to retain the perfect texture of meat
or vegetables so try to maintain the heat during second part of cooking
(gravy/sauce preparation).

Tried this recipe?Let us know how it was!

Prawn Fry/Fried Shrimp

Prawn fry/Fried Shrimp is an easy and simple recipe made with few ingredients
in few minutes. Yes! making this recipe is so easy.

Simple/Easy Fish Fry/ South Indian Style

Simple /Easy Fish Fry/ Pan Fried Fish is succulent, delectable, moist and
crispy outside. This is a very simple, easy ,yet tasty recipe to prepare in no
time with easily available ingredients in pantry .

Check out this recipe

Sankara Meen Curry/Kuzhambu,Red Snapper Curry

This recipe is made in south Indian style with the basic ingredients available
in pantry.Tamarind is the main ingredient which make this dish lingers our
taste buds with the Tangy taste.

Check out this recipe

How To Make Vanjaram fish fry/ King fish fry

Vanjaram Fish Fry/King Fish Fry is a simple and easy fish fry recipe prepared
in a few minutes. It needs just a few spice powders which, are readily
available in your pantry.

Check out this recipe

Please follow and like us:

Filed Under: Appetizers, Seafood Tagged With: DRYMUNCHURIAN, EASYRECIPE,
FISHMUNCHURIAN, FISHRECIPES, INDOCHINESEDISH, KIDSNACK, MUNCHURIANVARIETIES,
nonvegrecipe, partydish, Plate, PLATETOPALATEBLOG, quickrecipe, SIMPLERECIPE

Previous Post: « Cranberry Loaf Cake

Next Post: Prawn Fry/Fried Shrimp »

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Kishore

April 5, 2021 at 2:34 am

  
Yummy….

Reply

    * JAYANTHY

April 5, 2021 at 11:04 am

Thank you Kishore!

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

### ABOUT

I am Jayanthy and welcome to my virtual space! Am a passionate baker and you
will find Indian and International recipes here Read More…

### Categories

Categories Select Category Appetizers Baked Goodies Breads Breakfast Cakes
Chicken & Poultry Condiments Cookies Desserts Eggless Baked Goodies Indian
Curries Meat Rice Seafood Sides Soups

### NEWSLETTER

## Join the Newsletter

Subscribe to get our latest content by email.

Subscribe

We won't send you spam. Unsubscribe at any time.

Built with ConvertKit

### Follow Me On

## Schezwan Fried Rice/ Easy schezwan Veg Rice Recipe

## The Best Easy Eggless Mango Coconut Muffins

## One Bowl Easy Coconut Muffins/ Sweetened Coconut Muffins

## Easy vegetable curry/ Vegetable curry in a pressure cooker

## Chettinad chicken curry/ how to make chicken chettinad in pressure cooker

## The Best Chocolate Babka ever/ Easy chocolate Babka bread (Eggless)

## Chewy chocolate chip cookies/ Easy chocolate chip cookies

## Paneer vegetable salad /How to make cottage cheese salad

## Footer

### follow us on social media

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

Copyright (C) 2022 PLATE TO PALATE on the Foodie Pro Theme  

