https://www.wokandkin.com/braised-chicken-with-mushrooms-black-fungus-and-lily-flowers/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * About
  * Asian Pantry Ingredients
    * Herbs & Aromatics
    * Vegetables and Leafy Greens
    * Dehydrated, Cured and Preserved Ingredients
    * Dry Spices
    * Everything You Need to Know About Asian Noodle Types
    * Sauces & Oils
  * Recipes
    * Appetisers
    * Chicken
    * Pork
    * Beef
    * Seafood
    * Egg
    * Vegetables
    * Vegetarian
    * Rice
    * Noodles
    * Noodle Soup
    * Soup
    * Dessert
    * Sauces
    * Drinks
    * How-To's
    * Asian-Inspired Holidays
  * Subscribe

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * About
  * Recipes
    * Appetizers
    * Chicken
    * Pork
    * Beef
    * Seafood
    * Egg
    * Vegetables
    * Vegetarian
    * Rice
    * Noodles
    * Noodle Soup
    * Soup
    * Dessert
    * Sauces
    * Drinks
    * How-To's
    * Asian Holiday Recipes and Menus
  * Asian Pantry Ingredients
    * Herbs & Aromatics
    * Vegetables and Leafy Greens
    * Dehydrated, Cured and Preserved Ingredients
    * Dry Spices
    * Everything You Need to Know About Asian Noodle Types
    * Sauces & Oils
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

×

Home » Chicken » Braised Chicken with Mushrooms, Black Fungus and Lily Flowers
(金針雞)

Published: Sep 17, 2020 · Last Modified: Sep 17, 2020 by Jeannette ·

# Braised Chicken with Mushrooms, Black Fungus and Lily Flowers (金針雞)

__Pin 163

 __Share

 __Yum 1

 __Email

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

_Our Braised Chicken with Mushrooms, Black Fungus and Lily Flowers will ensure
you have the most tender fall apart wings you 've ever dreamed of! Seared then
simmered long and slow in a rich oyster soy sauce, it's at the top of the list
for best Cantonese comfort food_.

If you're feeling like a homey vegetarian version, try our Braised Mushrooms
and Black Moss in Oyster Sauce!

## Cantonese comfort food at its best

Braising and oyster sauce are the true magical wonders of Cantonese cuisine.
Those two alone can turn ANY recipe into the most succulent eating experience
known to mankind.

They're the reasons why Grandma's Braised Chicken with Mushrooms, Black Fungus
and Lily Flowers is every bit melt-in-your-mouth and lip-smackingly delicious.

It's a recipe that's a variation of our popular Braised Chicken Wings and
Mushrooms in Oyster Sauce, but with a few extra ingredients.

And we all know what extra ingredients means - _extra flavor_!

It really is a thing of beauty because it's incredibly simple to make and not
a single piece of meat is left dry.

Instead, you'll end up with **deeply savory wings** **enveloped in a floral
aroma** that just **falls off the bone** as soon as they're in your mouth.

Now _that 's_ true comfort food!

## All about dried lily buds

### What it is

Dried lily flowers, also known as 'lily buds' or _gum jum_ (金針) in Cantonese,
are the dehydrated versions of the daylily plant where the flower itself is
sold in its unopened form.

They're often included in celebratory dishes for their symbolism. When
translated, _gum jum_ means 'golden needle' and is a popular ingredient for
the Lunar New Year because it represents wealth.

### Taste

You'll find that this plant has a floral and woody scent which becomes its
main flavor. It gives a musky and fruity taste to any recipe it's used in.

When cooked down for a long period of time, they soften but stay stringy. If
they're only lightly cooked, there's a mild springy crunch when biting into
them, similar to that of bamboo.

### Health benefits

Dehydrated lily buds are used as part of traditional Chinese medicine because
they're believed to help with coughing, blood function, insomnia and anxiety.
They're also rich in fibre and have high levels of carbohydrates and sodium.

Whether you want to add another taste dimension to your recipes or to get the
most out of this unique ingredient, this recipe is the best place to start!

## Why this recipe works

  * The meat is marinated in a variety of **classic Cantonese flavors** for a traditional taste.
  * Braising the dish means **searing _and_ simmering **to elevate the wings.
  * Oyster sauce gives the recipe a **glossy glaze** that's iconic to Chinese food.

## What you'll need

### About the dried ingredients

You can buy the black fungus, dried shiitake mushrooms and lily buds from the
dehydrated goods section in Asian supermarkets.

For this recipe, they need to be rehydrated in warm water for 20 minutes.

## How to make this recipe

Marinate the wings with the salt, sugar, chicken bouillon powder and 3 tbsp
oyster sauce for a minimum of 20 minutes.

Squeeze the liquid out of the rehydrated mushrooms.

Cut the hard ends off the lily buds.

Pour the oil into a wok on medium heat and brown the garlic for 1 minute or
until aromatic.

Turn up the heat to high and add the wings in to cook for 3 minutes, stirring
every minute to sear all sides.

Pour the water in and season with dark soy sauce and 1 tbsp oyster sauce. Mix
well and simmer on medium heat for 2 minutes.

Add the dried lily flowers, mushrooms and black fungus in. Stir and cook on a
low-medium heat.

Simmer for 30 minutes or until the wings are soft.

Serve hot with rice!

## FAQs

**Can I use other meats?**

Of course! While this recipe usually uses chicken, if you'd prefer to use
other cuts or types of meat, then go for it. I would suggest duck or pork as
the next best options.

**How do I get my chicken more tender?**

Grandma has fall-off-the-bone wings when she cooks the dish on a low heat for
a longer period of time.

**What can I use to substitute dried lily flowers?**

If you can't find them at your Asian supermarket, you can simply leave the
ingredient out altogether or use dried bamboo as an alternative. Dried bamboo
is much stronger in flavor and not as floral, but the texture is similar.

## Tips for the silkiest bite

  * **Keep the chicken close to room temperature.** This gives the chance for the muscles to relax so you don't end up with tough pieces of meat.
  *  **Use a fattier cut.** The more fat, the juicier the dish will be! We also prefer using chicken on the bone for the best flavor.
  *  **Marinate the meat overnight.** Not only will the seasoning be infused deeply, the oyster sauce will give it a wonderful gloss.

## Here are _even more_ delicious comfort foods!

  * Honey Glazed Ginger Chicken - There's nothing better than a sweet and savory side dish that warms up the soul down to your toes!
  * Steamed Pork Mince with Salted Fish (咸鱼蒸肉饼) - A moist patty with pockets of salted fish is the best way to enjoy rice.
  * Steamed Lemongrass Pork With Shrimp Paste - Grandma's famous recipe includes succulent and tender pork belly infused with aromatics.
  * Vietnamese Chicken Ragu (Ga Ragu) - Melt-in-your-mouth meat and vegetables is what you'll get with this classic stew.
  * Xiu Mai (Vietnamese Meatballs in Tomato Sauce) - These are juicy, scrumptious meatballs perfect over rice or in a crusty baguette!

## Want more home cooked recipes?

Subscribe to our email list and be the first to get recipe updates as soon as
they’re posted. You can also follow _Wok & Kin_ on Instagram, Pinterest,
Facebook and Twitter!

## Braised Chicken with Mushrooms, Black Fungus and Lily Flowers (金針雞)

Our Braised Chicken with Mushrooms, Black Fungus and Lily Flowers ensures
tender wings. It tops the list for best Cantonese comfort food!

5 from 4 votes

Print Pin Rate

Prep Time: 30 minutes

Cook Time: 40 minutes

Rehydrating Time: 20 minutes

Total Time: 1 hour 30 minutes

Servings: 6

Calories: 1212kcal

Author: Jeannette

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 1 1/2 kg / 3.3 lb chicken wings
  * ▢ 6 cloves garlic (finely chopped)
  * ▢ 30 g / 0.06 lb rehydrated shiitake mushrooms
  * ▢ 10 g / 0.02 lb rehydrated black fungus mushroom (wood ear mushroom)
  * ▢ 20 g / 0.04 lb rehydrated dried lily flowers
  * ▢ 3/4 tbsp chicken bouillon powder
  * ▢ 1 tbsp sugar (or to taste)
  * ▢ 3/4 tsp salt (or to taste)
  * ▢ 3/4 US cup water (or chicken stock)
  * ▢ 1 1/2 tsp dark soy sauce
  * ▢ 4 tbsp oyster sauce
  * ▢ 3 tbsp cooking oil

### Instructions

  * Marinate the wings with the salt, sugar, chicken bouillon powder and 3 tbsp oyster sauce for a minimum of 20 minutes.

  * Squeeze the liquid out of the rehydrated mushrooms.

  * Cut the hard ends off the lily buds.

  * Pour the oil into a wok on medium heat and brown the garlic for 1 minute or until aromatic. 

  * Turn up the heat to high and add the wings in to cook for 3 minutes, stirring every minute to sear all sides.

  * Pour the water in and season with dark soy sauce and 1 tbsp oyster sauce. Mix well and simmer on medium heat for 2 minutes.

  * Add the dried lily flowers, mushrooms and black fungus in. Stir and cook on a low-medium heat.

  * Simmer for 30 minutes or until the wings are soft.

  * Serve hot with rice!

### Notes

  * **Keep the chicken close to room temperature.** This gives the chance for the muscles to relax so you don't end up with tough pieces of meat.
  * **Use a fattier cut.** The more fat, the juicier the dish will be! We also prefer using chicken on the bone for the best flavor.
  * **Marinate the meat overnight.** Not only will the seasoning be infused deeply, the oyster sauce will give it a wonderful gloss.
  * You can buy the black fungus, dried shiitake mushrooms and lily flowers from the dehydrated goods section in **Asian supermarkets**. For this recipe, they need to be **rehydrated in warm water** for 20 minutes.

### Nutrition

Calories: 1212kcal | Carbohydrates: 10g | Protein: 93g | Fat: 87g | Saturated
Fat: 23g | Cholesterol: 385mg | Sodium: 1217mg | Potassium: 874mg | Fiber: 1g
| Sugar: 2g | Vitamin A: 734IU | Vitamin C: 5mg | Calcium: 69mg | Iron: 5mg

Tried this recipe? Tag me TODAY!If you recreated this authentic recipe, I’d
love to see it! Tag me on Instagram at @wokandkin.

## Join the family!

Email Address

Subscribe

### Share the love:

  * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
  * 

« Xiu Mai (Vietnamese Meatballs in Tomato Sauce)

Hong Kong Style Baked Pork Chop Rice (焗豬扒飯) »

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Genevieve | Fitty Foodlicious says

September 19, 2020 at 6:18 am

  
Braised chicken and mushroom sounds divine! This recipe looks perfect for a
fall Friday night in!

Reply

    * Jeannette says

September 20, 2020 at 8:59 am

Definitely great for Friday night comfort food!

Reply

  2. Sandhya Ramakrishnan says

September 19, 2020 at 6:40 am

  
Interesting to read about the lily flowers. I have never heard of it before
and I will be looking for some. This is a comfort food for sure!!

Reply

    * Jeannette says

September 20, 2020 at 8:59 am

They're a wonderful ingredient!

Reply

  3. Alisa Infanti says

September 19, 2020 at 6:40 am

I have never heard of lily flowers before but I have an asian food market down
the street. I am going to hunt for some because I am so excited to give them a
try.

Reply

    * Jeannette says

September 20, 2020 at 8:59 am

I hope you get to try some soon!

Reply

  4. Jayne says

September 19, 2020 at 6:44 am

  
I love chicken, mushrooms and oyster sauce. This recipes is sooooo tasty.
Thank you!

Reply

    * Jeannette says

September 20, 2020 at 9:00 am

You're welcome! I love that combo too!

Reply

  5. Marlynn says

September 19, 2020 at 6:46 am

  
This chicken is so flavorful, and your step-by-step tips and photos are
helpful. Thank you!

Reply

    * Jeannette says

September 20, 2020 at 9:00 am

You're very welcome, Marlynn!

Reply

  6. VictorK says

August 25, 2021 at 11:37 am

Great recipes..

Reply

    * Jeannette says

August 25, 2021 at 5:35 pm

Thanks, Victor!

Reply

### Leave A Comment Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

Notify me of new posts by email.

## Primary Sidebar

### Let's be Friends

  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Facebook
  * Twitter

### Father's Day Recipes!

## Vietnamese Chicken Curry (Cà Ri Gà)

## Miến Gà (Vietnamese Chicken Glass Noodle Soup)

## Phở (Vietnamese Beef Noodle Soup)

## Bò Kho (Vietnamese Beef Stew)

## Hokkien Pork Noodle Soup

## Oxtail Hot Pot (牛尾煲)

### Reader Favorites

## Ham Sui Gok (Fried Glutinous Rice Dumplings 咸水角)

## Braised Abalone with Mushrooms (红烧鲍菇)

## Rice Cooker Chicken and Mushroom Rice

## Sichuan Garlic Chili Oil

## Vietnamese Chicken Curry (Cà Ri Gà)

## Sườn Nướng (Vietnamese Grilled Pork Chops)

### As Featured On

### Wok & Kin

About

Contact

Privacy Policy



  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Facebook
  * Twitter

### Food Lovers

Recipe Index

Things We Love

Subscribe



Copyright (C) 2022 · Brunch Pro Theme on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log
in

