https://www.chinasichuanfood.com/braised-chicken-with-dried-mushrooms/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

# China Sichuan Food

menu icon

  * Recipe Index
  * By Date
  * Newsletter
  * Pantry
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

search icon

Search

  * Recipe Index
  * By Date
  * Newsletter
  * Pantry
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

√ó

Home ¬ª Recipes ¬ª Pantry

# Chinese Braised Chicken with Dried Mushrooms

December 20, 2017 by Elaine 7 Comments | Jump to Recipe

  * Facebook
  * Pinterest118

Chinese home style braised chicken with dried shiitake mushrooms with
noodles.This popular Chinese style braised chicken is quite freestyle, almost
welcome in every family. And it is on my top list in cold winter days.

**Dried Shiitake Mushrooms (Âπ≤È¶ôËèá)** is made from fresh shiitake mushroom,
either by natural drying or smoking. Due to the chemical reactions during the
drying process, dried shiitake mushrooms are much aromatic than fresh shiitake
mushrooms, but obviously less fresh and fertile. So, dried mushrooms are more
popular in braised dishes, soups and stews, as we want to have more flavors
released and attached to other ingredients. Fresh shiitake mushrooms are more
popular in stir-fries, as they need to be fertile itself. Adding too much
dried shiitake mushroom might make the dish slightly bitter. So I find a
balance and mix the two types together with this braised chicken.

Braising is a very common cooking method in Chinese cuisine. The ingredients
are stewed with a smaller amount of water after browned with ginger, green
onion and garlic. Spices are always added in this step to help remove the ‚Äúraw
smell‚Äù from the chicken and bring other interesting flavors. Adding noodles to
braised dish is a very northern habit like the famous Da Pan Ji. In winter
days, one pot dish is quite convenient and well balanced in nutrition. I
promise you will get the yummiest noodles in your life with this dish as we
have concentrate chicken stock as the soup base.

### **Cook‚Äôs note**

  1. Choose tender chicken. Do not use old hems, they are for soups only.
  2. _**Keep the liquid for soaking the shiitake mushrooms, it is rich in flavor.**_ Rinse the mushrooms under running water to remove the sands on surface.Transfer to a pot or bowl and add enough warm water to cover, wait for 2-3 minutes and slightly squeeze the mushrooms to remove the dirt completely.Transfer the mushrooms to a clean bowl and then re-add enough warm water to cover. Soak until the mushrooms becomes soft. Strain and save the liquid.
  3. You can skip the spices to produce a purer taste or use even more types to yield a more complex taste. For example, for a slightly hotter version, you can add 3-4 dried chili peppers. We do not have strict limitation on that. However do not overuse your spices to avoid any dominating flavors.
  4. If you do not want to use any noodles in the dish, you can cook off more water in the dish for a stronger taste. If noodles are added, remember to keep some liquid since the noodle absorbs water even after cooked.
  5. Both vermicelli and fresh noodles can work for this recipe.

### Ingredients

  * A whole young chicken (around 1000g), cut into one bite sizes
  * 6-8 middle size dried shiitake mushrooms, pre-hydrated and then cut into small chunks
  * 2 tbsp. cooking oil
  * 1 thumb ginger, sliced
  * 3 cloves garlic, sliced
  * 2 scallions white, cut into small sections
  * 1 tbsp. cooking wine
  * 1 tbsp. light soy sauce
  * Hot water for simmering
  * 1 tbsp. rock sugar
  * 2 tsp. salt or to taste
  * ¬º tsp. white pepper
  * Pre-soaked vermicelli noodles or rice sticks
  * 10 fresh shiitake mushrooms, cut into one bite size
  * ¬Ω cup of finely chopped scallions
  * ¬Ω cup of finely chopped corianders (optional)

###  Spices

  * 2 star anise
  * 1 bay leaves
  * 1 dried tangerine Peel
  * 1 Amomum Cardamomum pod (Á†Ç‰ªÅ)
  * 1 Amomum tsaoko (ËçâÊûú)

### Steps

Cut the chicken into small chunks and then cook in boiling water for 3-4
minutes. Transfer the chicken out and clean with warm water. Drain and set
aside.

Heat up 2 tablespoons of cooking oil in a claypot or stewing pot, fry garlic,
ginger and scallion until aromatic over slow fire. Add chicken chunks in and
fry until slightly browned. Add cooking wine and light soy sauce, continue
frying for 1 to 2 minutes.Add spices and rock sugar.

Cover and simmer for 20 to 30 minutes until the chicken is soft enough. Season
with salt and white pepper.

Add fresh mushrooms in, cook for 5 minutes and then place the pre-soaked
noodles in. Cook for 2 minutes and serve with green onions.



## Braised Chicken with Dried Mushrooms

Braised chicken with dried shitake mushrooms,creating a fresh and light taste.
Carrots and chili peppers also added in order to keep a balance between meat
and vegetables.

5 from 2 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Chinese

Keyword: Braised, chicken, mushroom

Prep Time: 10 minutes

Cook Time: 40 minutes

Total Time: 50 minutes

Servings: 4

Calories: 379kcal

Author: Elaine

### Ingredients

  * A whole young chicken ,around 1000g, cut into one bite sizes
  * 6-8 middle size dried shiitake mushrooms ,pre-hydrated and then cut into small chunks
  * 2 tbsp. cooking oil
  * 1 thumb ginger ,sliced
  * 3 cloves garlic ,sliced
  * 2 scallions white ,cut into small sections
  * 1 tbsp. cooking wine
  * 1 tbsp. light soy sauce
  * Hot water for simmering
  * 1 tbsp. rock sugar
  * 2 tsp. salt or to taste
  * ¬º tsp. white pepper

#### Spices

  * 2 star anise
  * 1 bay leaves
  * 1 dried tangerine Peel
  * 1 Amomum Cardamomum pod ,Á†Ç‰ªÅ
  * 1 Amomum tsaoko ,ËçâÊûú

#### Others

  * Pre-soaked vermicelli noodles or rice sticks
  * 10 fresh shiitake mushrooms ,cut into one bite size
  * ¬Ω cup of finely chopped scallions
  * ¬Ω cup of finely chopped corianders ,optional

### Instructions

  * Cut the chicken into small chunks and then cook in boiling water for 3-4 minutes. Transfer the chicken out and clean with warm water. Drain and set aside.

  * Heat up 2 tablespoons of cooking oil in a claypot or stewing pot, fry garlic, ginger and scallion until aromatic over slow fire. Add chicken chunks in and fry until slightly browned. Add cooking wine and light soy sauce, continue frying for 1 to 2 minutes.Add spices and rock sugar.

  * Pour in enough hot water to cover the chicken chunks and the water level should be at last 3 cm higher if you plan to cook noodles in the dish. Otherwise, use water to cover the chickens.

  * Cover and simmer for 20 to 30 minutes until the chicken is soft enough. Season with salt and white pepper.

  * Add fresh mushrooms in, cook for 5 minutes and then place the pre-soaked noodles in. Cook for 2 minutes and serve with green onions

### Notes

Recipe firstly published in 2014 and updated in 2017

### Nutrition

Calories: 379kcal | Carbohydrates: 10g | Protein: 24g | Fat: 25g | Saturated
Fat: 5g | Cholesterol: 90mg | Sodium: 1253mg | Potassium: 426mg | Fiber: 1g |
Sugar: 5g | Vitamin A: 490IU | Vitamin C: 6.6mg | Calcium: 34mg | Iron: 1.8mg

¬´ Shredded Potato Stir Fry

Amazing Chinese Spicy Potato Salad ¬ª

### You may also like

## Sticky Rice Cake with Red Bean Paste

February 4, 2017

## Shui Zhu Beef (Sichuan Boiled Beef)

June 21, 2021

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Zhou

May 31, 2014 at 9:25 pm

Hi Elaine,  
I love the blog and I‚Äôm really looking forward to trying out these recipes.
The focus on technique is very helpful because I am a western trained cook and
it is very difficult for me to break my training. I‚Äôm an expat living in
Suzhou, Jiangsu (jiangnan food is not very good) but Sichuan food is my
favorite Chinese cuisine. I‚Äôve been trying to learn Chinese cooking techniques
for a while and this site combines both my favorite Chinese food with a nice
how to guide. Keep up the good work!

A quick question about step 4. Just how brown should that chicken be? Are you
just adding a little color to the skin or are you going for a full sear? Just
wondering because I‚Äôm worried about burning the garlic in that step.

Best,  
Zhou

Reply

    * Elaine Luo

June 06, 2014 at 3:57 am

Hi Zhou,  
Honestly I am touched by your words. That's my purpose to combine some of
Chinese eating culture and technique to my recipes. You read my heart!  
As for your question, during the stir fry process, keep stirring and the
garlic is safe. And for the color, just a little color is required. This step
is planed to arouse the aroma of chicken. So move to next step whenever you
smell the taste of chicken meat.

Reply

  2. Andreas

December 12, 2017 at 9:24 pm

  
Hi Elaine,

I made this the other day after I finally got around to buying a chopping
knife that could deal with the bones. I still have to get used to it, but in
doubt I prefer to double check where my fingers are before chopping down üôÇ  
Now unfortunately a "whole chicken" around here is sold without head, neck and
feet, but it tasted great nevertheless.

Your post about buying the right shiitake mushrooms helped a lot, too as they
differ widely in quality and I think for this recipe it's absolutely essential
to get high quality ones.

By the way, may I humbly suggest you do a video at some point on how you cut
up a whole chicken? Now cutting at the joints is quite obvious, but I would be
really interested in how you proceed afterwards and what tools you use.

Reply

  3. Andreas

December 19, 2017 at 11:15 pm

Hi Elaine,

just by chance I noticed, that you updated this recipe significantly. The
"old" version didn't use the noodles, the fresh mushrooms and less spices if I
recall correctly. Don't get me wrong, I really appreciate that you update even
the old recipes and I admire the amount of work that this must cost you as
well as the level of dedication and professionalism this shows.

I think It would be great if you could come up with a way to make updates of
recipes more "visible" on your site,  
Now I do get the newsletter, but somehow that doesn't really catch my
attention, probably because the mails come in at times when I'm not thinking
about cooking üôÇ And I tend to forget them quite fast.

Now obviously I have to try out this variant, too...

Reply

  4. Andreas

December 25, 2017 at 7:13 am

  
Hi Elaine,

I made this today following the revised version, and it tasted really great. I
love the combination of the fresh and dried mushrooms. Also the spices make
the dish a lot more complex in taste.  
In my opinion it would be a real shame to leave the carrots out. They give an
extra bit of sweetness.

Now what I'm really confused about is the choice of noodles. When I first saw
the pictures I thought them to be sweet potato starch noodles. The list of
ingredients says "rice sticks" and I went with those, but the ones I got (very
thin ones) didn't really stand out in the dish.

I have never really seen rice starch based noodles that had this kind of
transparency, as opposed to the ones made from mung bean or sweet potato
starch. Unfortunately the term vermicielli is quite broad and for someone used
to the Italian style noodles of the same name quite confusing.

I'd be delighted if you could shed some light on your choice of noodles for
this dish.

A merry Christmas to you and your family

Reply

  5. Lekha Choksi

January 10, 2018 at 8:42 pm

Hi Elaine! I am making this yummy soup but I don't know what is the spice
TSAOKO. Please give me an easier name.  
Thanks.

Reply

    * Elaine

January 10, 2018 at 9:20 pm

It is Cao Guo (ËçâÊûú), sometimes called Red Cardamom.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Œî

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### Hi, Welcome!

Please not be limited by site name, as Elaine shares Chinese recipes beyond
Sichuan dishes. Know me more from  About Page

  * Facebook
  * Google+
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

### Find Recipes

Search

##  Email List

Subscribe Our Email list to get updates and recipes

## Footer

‚Üë back to top

  * Privacy Policy. Disclaimer. About. Hot Pot cookbook

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright ¬© 2022 ChinaSichuanFood.com | All Rights Reserved

  *   * 

