https://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/clay-pot-miso-chicken-240262


Skip to main content

Open Navigation Menu

Menu

Story Saved

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Close Alert

Close

Clay-Pot Miso Chicken

  * Recipes & Menus
  * Expert Advice
  * Ingredients
  * Holidays & Events
  * My Saved Recipes

More _Chevron_

Story Saved

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Close Alert

Close

Sign In

Search

Search

  * Recipes & Menus
  * Expert Advice
  * Ingredients
  * Holidays & Events
  * Video
  * My Saved Recipes

Gourmet

October 2007 Issue

# Clay-Pot Miso Chicken

By David Chang

September 17, 2007

Save Story

save recipe

4.2

(25)

Read ReviewsTriangle

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Clay-Pot Miso ChickenMarcus Nilsson

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

  * Active Time

45 min

  * Total Time

2 1/2 hr

Though this rich, intense, homey stew has the depth of a recipe handed down
through generations, it's actually a modern interpretation, by Momofuku
partner Joaquin Baca, of a Mexican stew he grew up eating, made with Japanese
ingredients. And it's the best kind of comfort food: The dark greens,
mushrooms, and burdock, braised with silky chicken in a savory broth, make
this single dish feel like a satisfying, well-balanced meal.

## Ingredients

Makes 8 generous (main course) servings

16 chicken thighs with skin and bone (5 pounds)

1/2 cup dried wood ear mushrooms

10 cups water, divided

About 4 cups chicken stock or reduced-sodium chicken broth (32 fluid ounces)

2 (c) stalks burdock root (sometimes called gobo) or salsify (optional)

1 teaspoon distilled white vinegar or fresh lemon juice

3 tablespoons canola oil

2 large onions, coarsely chopped

1 lb fresh shiitake mushrooms, stems discarded, large caps quartered

3 tablespoons finely chopped peeled ginger

3 tablespoons finely chopped garlic

1 cup mirin (Japanese sweet rice wine)

1 cup white miso (also called shiro miso)

1/2 cup soy sauce

1 lb mustard greens, tough stems and ribs discarded and leaves coarsely
chopped (16 cups)

Accompaniment: steamed Asian white rice

Garnish: chopped scallions

### Step 1

Preheat oven to 500°F with rack in middle.

### Step 2

Pat chicken dry, then roast, skin side up, in 1 layer in a 17- by 12-inch
shallow baking pan until skin is golden brown, 35 to 40 minutes.

### Step 3

While chicken roasts, soak wood ear mushrooms in 4 cups water until softened,
about 15 minutes. Drain in a sieve, then rinse well and discard any hard
pieces. Drain well, squeezing out excess water.

### Step 4

Transfer roasted chicken to a bowl and pour pan juices through a fine-mesh
sieve into a 1-quart glass measure. Let stand until fat rises to top, 1 to 2
minutes, then skim off and discard fat. Add enough stock to bring total to 4
cups liquid.

### Step 5

Reduce oven to 300°F and move rack to lower third.

### Step 6

Peel burdock root, and, if more than 1-inch-thick, halve lengthwise. Cut
crosswise into 1-inch pieces. Transfer burdock root to a bowl, then add
vinegar and 2 cups water.

### Step 7

Heat oil in a 7- to 8-quart heavy pot over medium-high heat until it shimmers,
then sauté onions until softened and beginning to brown. Add shiitakes,
ginger, and garlic and sauté until garlic is golden, 3 to 5 minutes.

### Step 8

Add mirin and boil, stirring and scraping up any brown bits, 1 minute. Stir in
miso and soy sauce, then stir in chicken, wood ear mushrooms, burdock
(drained), stock mixture, and remaining 4 cups water. Bring to a boil,
skimming off any froth.

### Step 9

Cover pot and braise in oven until chicken is tender, about 1 hour.

### Step 10

Stir in mustard greens and continue to braise, covered, 5 minutes. Serve in
shallow bowls.

Cooks' note:

Clay-pot miso chicken, without mustard greens, improves in flavor if made 1 to
2 days ahead. Chill, uncovered, until cool, then cover. To reheat, bring to a
simmer over medium heat, gently stirring occasionally, then stir in mustard
greens and simmer, covered, until greens are tender, about 5 minutes.

How would you rate Clay-Pot Miso Chicken?

Leave a Review

Tell us what you think

Reviews (25)

Back to TopTriangle

  * I didn't find this overly fatty at all--I think it may depend on the source of your chicken. Ours was from an asian market that uses small chickens, and we defatted the pan juices as prescribed. I liked the burdock, but if it's hard for you to find, you could sub another root veggie, yes, but I'd use something other than parsnip or carrot to avoid the dish getting too sweet overall.

    * Anonymous

    * Los Angeles, CA

    * 2/16/2013

  * Has anyone tried using chicken drumsticks and the wing and drumlette for this recipe? Thanks!

    * A_cook_in_SF_CA

    * 10/26/2012

  * Chicken Miso---without the Miso...This is a great one pot meal with a Japanese flair. Having moved to a remote location, I was unable to find miso and the burdock root(what a shame, but typical) but purchashed all other ingredients before figuring that out so went with it anyway. It turned out great, wasn't too sweet as I had worried. I used 3 boneless skinless breasts and cut each into 1 inch squares. First browned them, then sauteed onions, etc followed as writtten then returned chicken to pan and cooked slowly 220 for 3 hours. I only used about 3.5 cups of the chicken stock and no water. Why dilute a great thing? Will be making again! Enjoy!

    * epicfoodie

    * 1/19/2012

  * Yum! I am really impressed with how this came out, considering I made quite a few deviations from the recipe. My version was with boneless, skinless chicken thighs that came out over-roasted when I left them in the oven for 45 mins on 500, and I eyeballed the amounts as I only had a few chicken thighs to eat. I didn't have the burdock root and I substituted dried shiitake mushrooms for the wood ear and fresh white mushrooms instead of shiitakes. I refrigerated the chicken overnight and then added the mustard greens the next day, and the flavor is very hearty and full. I was nervous about using the mustard greens, as I don't usually like them, but I'm loving how this turned out!

    * Spitfire

    * 5/27/2011

  * I was served a tempura style burdock last week made by Japanese friend. Loved it so looked it up and only found this recipe which I will try. Burdock can probably be found in oriantal markets as my friend said it is common in Japan.

    * Anonymous

    * va

    * 3/12/2011

  * soooo good. asI made the entiremenu we were quite full when we reached the main course, but the chicken was soooo good. Vegetarian version with adzuki beans and zukini was appreciated too. The quantity is too large for such a meal and we have enough leftovers for another meal. the idea of dry roasting the chicken instead of browning it on the stove is great and will be used the next time we want to feed a large crowd. Definitely a keeper. PS we were going to add spinach instead of mustard greens, but ended up not adding anything since we were so full.

    * neta1

    * Israel

    * 1/2/2010

  * this is exceptional! except, it is a bit too sweet, and i didn't add all that water, maybe half. Not sure why all the water is needed. Anyways, I didn't this with mushrooms for a vegan version. and stuffed them in buns. Here they are: http://kitchensidecar.blogspot.com/2008/12/shitake-buns-veggie-and-delicious.html

    * kitchensidecar

    * 11/4/2009

  * I have made this a number of times, every time getting rave reviews! I've even made it for a group of Japanese friends, and they asked for the recipe. I always try to reduce fat in any way I can, and for this I used boneless/skinless chicken thighs, it was every bit as good, if not better, with the added bonus of not having to deal with the bones (I tried with with breast meat, and it's not nearly as good). I'm not a fan of burdock root, so I left that out altogether and didn't miss it. And I usually double the amount of ginger and garlic. Just like the note says, it definitely gets better after a couple days... Phenomenal!!!

    * jshae

    * Anchorage, AK

    * 7/28/2009

  * I waited a long time to make this dish because of the gobo. I got everything, made to the t, and was really disappointed.

    * daniguinha

    * los angeles, ca

    * 5/27/2009

  * Usually I like to follow recipes the first time, and I did with this one with a couple of exceptions - replaced 2 cups of the chicken broth with two cups of sake. Though I don't know exactly what it would taste like without the sake, my family loved it. Also used parsnips instead of burdock root, and baby bok choy instead of mustard greens. The flavors are sweet, salty, pungent, earthy, and very comforting. This recipe lends itself to creative variations.

    * mrmerlin

    * Amherst MA

    * 3/24/2009

  * This was really good. The burdock truly is optional; I didn't find it added anything to the dish. If you must add a root vegetable, parsnips would do as well. I didn't have enough mirin, so topped the measuring cup up with Chinese rice wine (shaoxing)and an addn'l teaspoon of sugar. Fattiness wasn't a problem - I did make the casserole a day ahead, but only scraped about 2 Tbsps off the top. The only reason this got only 3 stars is that I'm not a huge fan of braised chicken. I think this might be ravishing made with fried tofu and gailan!

    * stwa

    * Ottawa

    * 1/21/2009

  * I loved this recipe, worth the effort. I did not use the wood ear mushrooms though as I couldnt find them. Big hit with everyone.

    * Anonymous

    * 1/18/2009

  * i really liked this recipe. I didn't follow it exactly -- no wood ears, no burdock, no mirin (white wine instead) \-- but you can't skip the miso! The greens are great -- use whatever you have, but a hearty green is great here. homey and delicious!

    * Anonymous

    * los angeles

    * 1/1/2009

  * Flavors great. Good make- ahead dish. One question: Do you serve the rice on the side since the sauce is a broth?

    * alfmetals

    * Los Angeles, CA

    * 9/19/2008

  * This was DELICIOUS! I was unable to find burdock (even at Whole Foods), but otherwise made the recipe as written. The flavors are wonderfully deep and complex, and it's even better the next day. Definitely a keeper.

    * Anonymous

    * Brooklyn, NY

    * 5/9/2008

TagsAsianJapaneseSoup/StewChickenGingerLeafy
GreenMushroomPoultryVegetableRoastSautéDinnerLunchSpiceFallWinterGourmetDairy
FreePeanut FreeTree Nut Free

Read More

Maple Whiskey Chicken Lollipops

Seasoned, smoked, and slicked with a simple maple whiskey glaze, these chicken
lollipops are epic for any summer celebration.

By Derek Wolf

Instant Pot Chogae Guksu (Cold Chicken Noodles)

Chogae guksu has a refreshing, cold broth, with chicken, veggies, and egg to
make it a balanced meal.

By Nancy Cho

Easy Pasta Salad

This easy pasta salad recipe will be the hit of your next potluck.

By Kelly Janke

Zucchini and White Bean Caesar

Ribbons of raw zucchini take well to the Caesar treatment in this mostly no-
cook summer dinner.

By Rebecca Firkser

Mango Sticky Rice

By The Gourmet Test Kitchen

Kung Pao Chicken

Kung pao chicken is a beloved Chinese take-out staple, but its balance of
salt, sweet, tang, and heat is easy to re-create at home.

By Diana Kuan

No-Bake Peach Cheesecake With Wheat Thins Crust

The salty-sweet crust on this no-bake peach cheesecake is not to be missed.

By Rebecca Firkser

Chocolate Swiss Roll

If you’ve made a rolled cake before and had anxiety because the recipe
requires you to perform cake calisthenics, this chocolate Swiss roll recipe is
for you.

By Shilpa Uskokovic

Since 1995, Epicurious has been the ultimate food resource for the home cook,
with daily kitchen tips, fun cooking videos, and, oh yeah, over 33,000
recipes.

  * Facebook

  * Twitter

  * Pinterest

  * YouTube

  * Instagram

More from Epicurious

  * Newsletters
  * Epicurious Cookware
  * Subscription FAQs

Connect

  * Careers
  * Press Center
  * Advertising
  * Masthead
  * Contact Us

  * Site Map
  * Accessibility Help
  * Condé Nast Store
  * Condé Nast Spotlight
  * Do Not Sell My Personal Info

© 2022 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes
acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement and
Your California Privacy Rights. _Epicurious_ may earn a portion of sales from
products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate
Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced,
distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior
written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

Food Innovation Group

