https://www.spicypunch.com/recipe-crispy-batter-fried-prawns/


Skip to content

Menu

Menu

  * Home
  * About Us
  * Contact

# Crispy batter-fried prawns recipe | Batter fry prawns recipe

June 14, 2022August 5, 2018 by Moumita Paul

Crispy batter fried prawns or Batter fry prawns is a golden fried shrimp,
succulent from inside, nice and crisp from outside. Do you love prawns and
searching for an easy and quick delicious prawn starter? Then this crispy
batter fried prawns or batter fry prawns will be the right choice for you.

Only two things, we have to keep in mind while making this fabulous crispy
batter fried prawns like other famous eateries who basically known for their
awesome crispy batter fried prawns.

Firstly, we should know how to make the prawns more flavourful and succulent
which I made through simple marination of prawns with a little ginger-garlic
paste, lemon juice, and chili flakes.

And secondly, I have applied some simple tricks to create the wonderful
crispiness in this crispy batter fried prawns or batter fry prawns. I had to
apply those tricks in making of the batter of this fried prawns recipe. Though
I used the simple ingredients like cornflour, all-purpose flour, egg, and
soda(liquid) for making this batter, you have to stay with me till the end to
know all the secrets about this recipe.

Please let me know how this crispy batter fried prawns or batter fry prawns
worked in your kitchen and leave a comment in the comment box below.

Today is friendship day, Happy Friendship Day to all of you my friends, and
especially, I'm going to dedicate this recipe to all of you. Hope, this crispy
batter fried prawns will add an extra spice to your friendship day celebration
party.

You may check one more prawn starter recipe of mine, i.e, the **Butter garlic
prawns recipe** and **Mangalore style prawn ghee roast recipe**, but if you
are searching for a crispy chicken starter recipe, so here you go with my
**crispy fried chicken tenders recipe**.

## Crispy Batter Fried Prawns or Batter Fry prawns

### Ingredients

  * 300 gms prawns(peeled out only kept its tail intact)
  * 1/2 cup all-purpose flour
  * 6 tbsp corn flour
  * 1 large egg
  * 1 tsp garlic paste
  * 1/2 tsp ginger paste
  * 1 tsp chili flakes
  * 1/2 lemon juice
  * 1/4 cup liquid soda(chilled)
  * 1tsp pepper powder
  * 1 pinch of baking soda
  * salt (as required)
  * refined oil (for deep frying)

 **Prep time: 10 mins(without marination)**

 **Cooking time: 10-15 mins**

 **Served in: 20-25 mins**

 **Cuisine: world**

 **Course: starter**

 **Served for: 6 people**

 **Author: Moumita Paul**

#### Instructions

#### How to make this batter-fried prawns more crispy:

  * Use chilled liquid soda.
  * After marination keeps the prawns in the refrigerator.
  * Use the egg straight from the refrigerator.

These above mentioned three tricks will help you to make the crispy prawns.

#### How to make crispy batter fried prawns:

  * Remove prawns head and shell only keep its tail portion intact and devein it. Then thoroughly clean the prawns with water. Though you can easily get store brought cleaned prawn where you have to only devein it and wash it thoroughly with the clean water.
  * Take a mixing bowl, then add cleaned prawn, lemon juice, garlic paste, ginger paste, and chili flakes and mix it well. Cover it and keep it in the refrigerator for 15 mins marination. This cold marinated prawn will help to make it crispy.
  * After 15 mins, take the marinated prawns out of the refrigerator and add 1/2 tsp salt to it, mix it well cover it and keep it in the refrigerator as before for 5 more mins.
  * Now take another mixing bowl, add 6 tbsp corn flour, 3 tbsp flour, 1/4 tsp salt, 1 tsp pepper powder and a pinch of baking soda, mix it nicely. Sift all the ingredients before making the batter.
  * Take a plate with 1/4 cup of all-purpose flour or plain flour to roll the marinated prawns before dipping into the batter.
  * Place a pan on the medium-high heat, add the generous amount of oil for frying the prawns. Let the oil gets hot.
  * Take out the marinated prawns, eggs and chilled soda from the refrigerator.
  * Gently beat the egg, now take the mixing bowl of dry ingredients for making the batter( which has been mentioned before) and add chilled soda and 1/2 of the egg to make a smooth batter. Mix it gently(any lump should not be there).
  *  Then take each prawn with its tail, first roll it down in the flour then dip it into the batter and put it in the hot oil.

  * Fry it until it gets a crispy and nice golden color, it generally takes 2-3 mins to get done. And carefully remove the fried prawns from the pan and place it on the paper towel to remove the excess oil.
  * When all the prawns( 2-3 batches ) are done and serve it hot with a dip of your choice. Here I have served it with mayonnaise which goes well with it.

##### Tips

  *  Consistency of the batter should not be very thick or not too thin. Otherwise won't get that exact texture of this crispy batter fried prawns.
  * While frying the prawns be very careful as it may splutter.

Summary

Recipe Name

Crispy batter-fried prawns recipe | Batter fry prawns recipe

Author Name

Moumita Paul

Published On

2018-08-05

Preparation Time

10M

Cook Time

15M

Total Time

25M

Average Rating

4 Based on **7** Review(s)

### Related posts:

  1. butter garlic prawns recipe | prawns with garlic butter recipe | butter and garlic prawns recipe 
  2. grilled prawns recipe | grilled shrimp recipe 
  3. crispy fried chicken tenders recipe | crispy chicken tenders 
  4. prawn tempura recipe | Japanese prawn tempura recipe with homemade tempura flour 

Categories Recipes, Snacks & Appetizers, World cuisine Tags deep fried crispy
prawns, prawn starters recipes, quick prawn recipes Post navigation

dim kosha recipe | bengali egg curry recipe | haser dim kosha recipe

Tricolor Sweet Barfi Recipe- Independence Day Special

### 2 thoughts on "Crispy batter-fried prawns recipe | Batter fry prawns
recipe"

  1. Walter Middleton

May 19, 2020 at 12:12 am

Excellent recipe. Well done.

Reply

    * [email protected]

June 1, 2020 at 3:48 pm

Thank you so much, Mr.Walter Middleton

Reply

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Comment

Name Email Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

## Moumita Paul

Hi, I'm Moumita, a Food Blogger & Recipe Creator behind SpicyPunch. Started my
blogging journey from the end of 2017 with publishing delicious recipes
created in my kitchen. More than professional I'm passionate about cooking. My
mom is my inspiration & my teacher in cooking, learnt a lot from her. Love to
create wonderful recipes to make my closed ones happy.

## Search

Search for:

## Recipe By Category

  * Bengal Specialities (78)
  * Beverages / Drinks (7)
  * Breakfast recipes (6)
  * Cakes/Cupcakes (4)
  * Chicken recipes (9)
  * Chutney recipes (4)
  * Condiments (6)
  * Dal recipes (3)
  * Desserts/Sweets (32)
  * Fish recipes (15)
  * Ice cream/Kulfi (3)
  * Main course (67)
  * Mutton recipes (11)
  * Prawn recipes (5)
  * Recipes (169)
  * Rice recipes (10)
  * Sauce recipes (2)
  * Snacks & Appetizers (35)
  * Soup recipes (4)
  * Veg recipes (12)
  * World cuisine (23)

Hyderabadi biryani recipe with chicken in one pot -step by step

Hyderabadi chicken biryani most delicious Indian biryani with long grain
basmati rice, soft juicy murgh, a mixed punch of saffron-ghee, & Hyderabadi
biryani masala with easy step-by-step pictures

By Moumita Paul

On Aug 5, 2022

Easy Mango Ice Cream Recipe - step by step

A very delicious & creamy mango ice cream recipe prepared just in 30 mins with
milk, whipping cream & mango pulp, easy to make at home with simple step-by-
step detailed pictures.

By Moumita Paul

On May 20, 2022

দুর্দান্ত স্বাদের পমফ্রেট মাছের রেসিপি(Pomfret macher recipe in bengali)

পমফ্রেট মাছের রেসিপি(Pomfret macher recipe in bengali) দুর্দান্ত স্বাদের ঝাল
ঝাল এই পমফ্রেট মাছের রেসিপি, অতি সাধারণ উপকরণ দিয়ে সহজেই বাড়িতে বানিয়ে ফেলুন.

By Moumita Paul

On May 16, 2022

কলকাতা চিকেন বিরিয়ানি রেসিপি - Kolkata chicken biryani recipe in bengali

কলকাতা চিকেন বিরিয়ানি - Kolkata chicken biryani recipe in bengali- কলকাতা'র
আরসালান রেস্টুরেন্ট স্টাইল দুর্দান্ত স্বাদের এই চিকেন বিরিয়ানি, এই রেসিপিটি
ফলো করে বাড়িতে খুব সহজেই বানিয়ে খেতে পারেন.

By Moumita Paul

On May 12, 2022

স্ট্রিট স্টাইল ভেজ মোমো রেসিপি - Veg momo recipe in bengali

ভেজ মোমো - Veg momo recipe in Bengali নরম তুলতুলে অত্যন্ত সুস্বাদু ভেজ মোমো'র
রেসিপি(কলকাতা স্ট্রিট সাইড মোমো ষ্টল স্টাইল) তাও বাংলায়, বাড়িতে সহজেই বানিয়ে
ফেলুন আর ঝাল মোমো চাটনি'র সাথে পরিবেশন করুন.

By Moumita Paul

On May 9, 2022

Mango Lassi recipe - street style Mango yogurt drink

A very delicious & creamy mango lassi recipe with street style lassi shop's
taste prepared just in 10 mins, easy to make at home with simple step-by-step
detail with pictures.

By Moumita Paul

On May 5, 2022

চিকেন স্টু রেসিপি(in bengali) - মাত্র ৩০ মিনিটে

চিকেন স্টু রেসিপি((Chicken stew recipe in bengali) মাত্র ৩০ মিনিটে প্রেসার
কুকার এ দোকানের মতন অতন্ত্য সুস্বাদু এবং খুবই স্বাস্থ্যকর চিকেন স্টু সহজেই
বাড়িতে বানিয়ে ফেলুন.

By Moumita Paul

On May 2, 2022

স্ট্রিট স্টাইল চিকেন মোমো রেসিপি(chicken momo recipe in bengali)

চিকেন মোমো রেসিপি(chicken momo recipe in bengali) তেল ছাড়া সামান্য মসলাযুক্ত
নরম, তুলতুলে, রসালো স্ট্রিট স্টাইল অপূর্ব স্বাদের চিকেন মোমো রেসিপি, বাড়িতে
বানিয়ে ঝাল মোমো চাটনি দিয়ে পরিবেশন করুন.

By Moumita Paul

On Apr 30, 2022

View all stories

(C) 2022  • Built with GeneratePress

Hyderabadi biryani recipe with chicken in one pot -step by step Easy Mango Ice
Cream Recipe - step by step দুর্দান্ত স্বাদের পমফ্রেট মাছের রেসিপি(Pomfret
macher recipe in bengali) কলকাতা চিকেন বিরিয়ানি রেসিপি - Kolkata chicken
biryani recipe in bengali স্ট্রিট স্টাইল ভেজ মোমো রেসিপি - Veg momo recipe in
bengali Mango Lassi recipe - street style Mango yogurt drink চিকেন স্টু
রেসিপি(in bengali) - মাত্র ৩০ মিনিটে স্ট্রিট স্টাইল চিকেন মোমো রেসিপি(chicken
momo recipe in bengali)

