https://www.iheartnaptime.net/general-tso-chicken/


Skip to content

Menu

Search recipes

Search

Pin

Close Menu

  * Recipe Index

    * By Course

      * Breakfast
      * Appetizers
      * Side Dishes
      * Bread
      * Main Dish
      * Soups
      * Salads
      * Desserts
      * Beverages
      * Snacks
      * Condiments
    * By Diet

      * Dairy-Free
      * Gluten-Free
      * Vegetarian
      * Vegan
      * Whole 30
      * Nut-Free
      * Low Carb
    * By Type

      * 30 Minute Meals
      * Instant Pot
      * Crockpot
      * Stovetop
      * Grilling
      * Freezer-Friendly
      * Meal Prep
      * One Pot
      * Sheet Pan
      * 5 Ingredients Or Less
      * Kid-Friendly
    * By Cuisine

      * Mexican
      * Asian
      * Italian
      * American
      * Mediterranean
    * By Holiday

      * Super Bowl
      * Valentine's Day
      * Easter
      * Cinco De Mayo
      * 4th of July
      * Halloween
      * Thanksgiving
      * Christmas
      * Birthdays

  * Main Dish

    * 30 Minute Meals
    * One Pot
    * Sheet Pan
    * Crockpot
    * Instant Pot
    * Chicken
    * Grilling
    * Casseroles
    * 5 Ingredients Or Less
    * Pasta
    * Beef
    * Pork
    * Vegetarian

  * Desserts

    * Cookies
    * Brownies
    * Cake + Cupcakes
    * Chocolate
    * Fruit Desserts
    * Crisps + Cobblers
    * Pies + Tarts
    * No-Bake
    * Frozen Desserts
    * Bars
    * Mini
    * Candy + Fudge
    * Frosting
    * Toppings

  * About
  * Search recipes

Search

I Heart Naptime Recipes Main Dish

# General Tso's Chicken

Jamielyn Nye  
Updated August 23, 2021

  * View Recipe
  * 21

 ratings

  * 51 comments

  * Pin
  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Email

_Skip the takeout and make this delicious **General Tso 's chicken** at home!
You'll fall in love with the sweet and spicy sauce poured over the crispy,
juicy chicken. This is truly a restaurant-style recipe!_

I love to recreate Chinese takeout dishes at home. They are less expensive,
healthier and just as delicious! This recipe is one of my favorites, as well
as cashew chicken, veggie beef ramen and chicken and vegetable stir fry.

This post may contain affiliate links. Read disclosure policy.

Next time you're craving General Tso chicken, skip the takeout and make it at
home! It's one of those classic Chinese dishes that is super popular and has
tons of flavor. And the good news?? It's surprisingly really simple to make
yourself!

The sweet and spicy sauce poured over the crispy, juicy chicken is what makes
this dish so amazing. It's caramelized to perfection and has just the right
amount of ginger flavor. It tastes similar to my famous sweet and sour chicken
recipe, however the sauce is a little less sweet and has more of a kick. This
dish tastes great over rice and served with broccoli and carrots. I'm telling
youâ€¦it has so much delicious flavor and definitely tastes like it's
restaurant-style.

## Difference between General Tso and other Chinese dishes

There are several Chinese dishes that have somewhat of a similar taste, which
makes it easy to confuse them. I've listed out their main difference below to
make it a little more clear.

  * **Sweet and sour chicken**: The two are super similar. The main difference is that General Tso sauce has more ginger flavor, as well as a little more heat from the hot sauce or chili flakes.
  * **Kung pao chicken**: The main difference between the two is how the meat is cooked. General Tso is fried in a crispy coating, however kung pao chicken is seared on the stove. Both are coated in a similar sauce, but kung pao typically always has veggies and peanuts mixed in.
  * **Orange chicken**: The main difference is the sauce. The meat is prepared the same way, however the orange sauce is a little more sweet. It usually doesn't include the spice factor (hot sauce/chili flakes) and contains a combination of orange juice/zest/peel.
  * **Sesame chicken** : These two dishes are _very_ similar. The main difference is the oil used in the sauce. Sesame chicken calls for sesame oil, which adds a salty and nutty taste, making it a little less sweet than General Tso. It is also always topped with sesame seeds.

## How to make General Tso chicken

**CHICKEN**. Add the diced meat, corn starch, salt, pepper and garlic salt
into a large ziplock bag. Shake until the meat is well coated. Next heat the
oil over medium heat in large frying pan. Dip the chicken pieces in the egg
mixture, then add to frying pan using a fork. Fry both sides for about 2
minutes each, then move to a foil-lined baking sheet.

**SAUCE**. Whisk together all of the sauce ingredients in a medium size bowl.
Pour the sauce over the meat and bake at 375Â°F for 20-25 minutes (stirring
halfway through), or until it's crispy.

**SERVE**. Serve with rice and steamed vegetables and garnish with sesame
seeds and sliced green onions if preferred.

## Cooking tips

  * This recipe does have a kick, so feel free to adjust the spice level depending on preference. I like using sriracha for heat, but red chili pepper flakes work as well.
  * Don't overcrowd the frying pan! If you add too many pieces of meat at once, it will clump together and they won't evenly cook.
  * You can skip frying the meat all-together and just bake it instead. To get it crispy in the oven, broil each side for a few minutes. It won't get quite as crispy as frying, but still delicious and healthier.
  * Double the sauce if you want extra for dipping.

## More delicious Chinese dishes:

  * Crockpot beef and broccoli
  * Slow cooker teriyaki chicken
  * Chow mein noodles
  * PF Chang's lettuce wraps
  * Easy fried rice

## General Tso Chicken Recipe

4.96 from 21 votes

Skip the takeout and make this delicious General Tso's chicken at home! You'll
fall in love with the sweet and spicy sauce poured over the crispy, juicy
chicken. This is truly a restaurant-style recipe!

Prep Time: 15 mins

Cook Time: 35 mins

Total Time: 50 mins

Servings: 6

Print Rate Pin

### Ingredients

#### For the Chicken:

  * â–¢ 1 1/4 pounds chicken (cut into bite size pieces)
  * â–¢ 1/2 cup corn starch
  * â–¢ 1/2 teaspoon Kosher salt
  * â–¢ 1/4 teaspoon pepper
  * â–¢ 1/4 teaspoon garlic salt
  * â–¢ 1/2 cup canola oil
  * â–¢ 2 large eggs (whisked)

#### General Tso Sauce:

  * â–¢ 1/2 cup granulated sugar
  * â–¢ 1/2 cup rice vinegar (distilled vinegar will work too)
  * â–¢ 1/3 cup ketchup
  * â–¢ 1 Tablespoon soy sauce
  * â–¢ 1 Tablespoon freshly grated ginger (or 1 teaspoon ground ginger)
  * â–¢ 1-2  teaspoons sriracha hot sauce (can sub with 1/2 teaspoon red chili pepper flakes)

#### For serving: Cooked rice and broccoli and/or carrots

### Instructions

  * Preheat oven to 375Â°F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with foil. Set aside.

  * Place the chicken, corn starch, salt, pepper and garlic salt in a large ziplock bag and shake until the chicken is evenly coated.

  * Heat oil in a large frying pan over medium heat. Dip the chicken in the egg mixture and place in the frying pan with a fork. Fry both sides of the chicken for about 2 minutes each and the move chicken to the baking sheet. 

  * In a medium size bowl, whisk together all of the ingredients for the sauce. Next, pour the sauce over the chicken and bake for 20-25 minutes, or until the chicken is crispy. Stir halfway. 

  * Serve with steamed rice and vegetables. Enjoy!

### Video

* * *

### Nutrition

Calories: 338kcal | Carbohydrates: 17g | Protein: 19g | Fat: 20g | Saturated
Fat: 4g | Cholesterol: 125mg | Sodium: 684mg | Potassium: 247mg | Sugar: 11g |
Vitamin A: 280IU | Vitamin C: 2.6mg | Calcium: 21mg | Iron: 1.2mg

Nutrition provided is an estimate. It will vary based on specific ingredients
used.

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Chinese

Author: Jamielyn Nye

Did you make this recipe? Don't forget to give it a star rating below!

Enjoy!

  * Pin
  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Email

* * *

## More Delicious Chicken Dishes

  * Baked Teriyaki Chicken Bowl

  * Slow Cooker Honey Garlic Chicken

  * Asian Chicken Salad

  * PF Chang's Mongolian Beef Recipe

* * *

## Add a comment Cancel reply

Did you make this recipe? Rate it: Did you make this recipe? Rate it:  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Î”

* * *

## 51 comments

  *     * Tonny (DK)
    * May 21, 2022
    * I substituted pork for chicken, and hoisin sauce for ketchup, ginger with apple since it goes better with pork, and added som shiitake mushrooms â€¦ but it didn't taste like the General Tso chicken i know so there is something wrong with your recipe â€¦ DUH?!!  
no .. followed your recipe to the letter - so YOUR recipe is hereby given 5
stars, it was very tasty.

    * Reply

  *     * Amber Morin
    * January 18, 2022

Fabulous, changed a few things, made the sauce but boiled and thickened it a
bit with a cornstarch slurry, not too thick, added 1 tbsp fish sauce. Did not
cook this in the oven, it was fully cooked coming out if the fryer. Added some
red onion, carrot, peppers and mushrooms (sauteed ) to 2 cups of Basmati rice
, made with chicken stock , added the cooked chicken to the rice, and all of a
double batch of sauce. Absolutely amazing! Thank you

    * Reply

    *       * I Heart Naptime
      * January 19, 2022

Thanks for your sharing your modifications, Amber. Sounds so delicious!

      * Reply

  *     * Susan
    * January 13, 2022
    * Very good! My picky husband said it was perfect. I halved the recipe since I was cooking for just the two of us and added some chopped carrots to the rice when I cooked it-that way I got a little bit more veggies in my plant phobic man. ðŸ˜‰ I also added some green onion in the chicken sauce. I will be adding it to the meal rotation.

    * Reply

    *       * I Heart Naptime
      * January 17, 2022

Love to hear it was husband approved! So glad you both enjoyed the recipe,
Susan :)

      * Reply

  *     * Lisa Fetty
    * August 18, 2021
    * The only chicken my boys will eatâ€¦so yummy!

    * Reply

    *       * I Heart Naptime
      * August 18, 2021

I'm so happy to hear that your boys love this dish! Thanks for your comment,
Lisa :)

      * Reply

  *     * Jenny
    * April 20, 2021
    * This was definitely a recipe we'll repeat!!  
I tasted the sauce as I added the hot sauce, so it wouldn't get too hot!!

    * Reply

    *       * I Heart Naptime
      * April 20, 2021

That's definitely smart to do so that it wasn't too spicy for your taste :)
I'm so glad you loved it!

      * Reply

  *     * Dani
    * April 12, 2021

Making this for dinner tomorrow. Can't wait to try it.

    * Reply

    *       * I Heart Naptime
      * April 13, 2021

I hope you enjoy! :)

      * Reply

  *     * Joe
    * March 19, 2021

I'm excited to try the recipe, its hard to find great General Tso's chicken

    * Reply

    *       * I Heart Naptime
      * March 22, 2021

I hope you love it! This recipe is one of our favorites :)

      * Reply

  *     * Dana
    * March 6, 2021
    * Should the chicken be dipped back into the cornstarch after being dipped in the beaten egg?

    * Reply

    *       * I Heart Naptime
      * March 8, 2021

Nope - it can go straight on the skillet after being dipped in the egg mixture
:)

      * Reply

  *     * Katherine
    * February 19, 2021

What type of chicken did you use in this recipe?

    * Reply

    *       * I Heart Naptime
      * February 19, 2021

Chicken breasts!

      * Reply

Load More

## Welcome

HI! I'm Jamielyn Nye. Cookbook author, Mom of 4 and cookie fan. On my food
blog you'll find easy and delicious recipes. Learn moreâ€¦

  * facebook
  * instagram
  * pinterest
  * youtube

### Reader Favorites

### Top Grilling Recipes

## Let's connect

Join our community of over 5 million!

  * facebook
  * instagram
  * pinterest
  * youtube

## Featured on

  *   *   *   *   *   *   * 

## Subscribe to receive a FREE 7 day meal plan!

Name

Email address

  * (C) 2022 I Heart Naptime
  *     * About
    * Contact
  * Privacy Policy

Site by cre8d

