https://www.swiggy.com/restaurants/momos-of-india-golf-course-noida-1-438515


Set locationClick to Choose Location

  * 0Cart

  * Sign In

  * Help

HomeNoida 1Golf CourseMOMOS OF INDIA

# MOMOS OF INDIA

4.1Closed₹ 450 for two

Opens next at 11 am, todayChinese, Combo

Golf Course, Golf Course

  

4.1

50+ ratings

Closed

For Delivery

₹ 450

Cost for two

Offer

50% off up to ₹100 + Flat ₹30 cashback with Paytm | Use code WELCOME50

Favourite

Veg Only

Soups

Veg Soups

Non Veg Soups

Veg Appetizers

Non Veg Appetizers

Veg Momos

Non Veg Momos

CRAZY Kurkure Momos

Wheat Special Momos

Veg Main Course

Non Veg Main Course

Prawns Main Course

Lamb Main Course

Fish Main Course

Thai Main Course

Rice

Noodles

Momo Burger Veg

Momo Burger Non-veg

Veg Meal Bowl

Non Veg Meal Bowl

American Wraps Veg

American Wraps Non-veg

Desserts

## Soups

### Veg Soups

8 items

Veg Item. Mushroom Soup. Costs: 140 rupees, Description: My creamy mushroom
soup is a one-pot recipe, too. Button mushrooms are sautéed with onion and
garlic, then combined with flour and butter Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Mushroom Soup

140

My creamy mushroom soup is a one-pot recipe, too. Button mushrooms are sautéed
with onion and garlic, then combined with flour and butter

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Hot & Sour Soup. Costs: 140 rupees, Description: Hot and Sour
soup is a spicy and hot soup made with mixed fresh vegetables, mushrooms,
spices and soy sauce. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Hot& Sour Soup

140

Hot and Sour soup is a spicy and hot soup made with mixed fresh vegetables,
mushrooms, spices and soy sauce.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Lemon Coriander Soup. Costs: 140 rupees, Description: Lemon
Coriander Clear Soup recipe is a scrumptious and healthy soup with a
refreshing combination of lemon, coriander, and a few vegetables Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Lemon Coriander Soup

140

Lemon Coriander Clear Soup recipe is a scrumptious and healthy soup with a
refreshing combination of lemon, coriander, and a few vegetables

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Manchow Soup. Costs: 140 rupees, Description: Manchow Soup
Recipe with step by step photos. Manchow Soup is a spicy and hot soup made
from mixed vegetables. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Manchow Soup

140

Manchow Soup Recipe with step by step photos. Manchow Soup is a spicy and hot
soup made from mixed vegetables.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Noodles Soup With Burnt Garlic. Costs: 140 rupees, Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Noodles Soup With Burnt Garlic

140

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Thai Tom Kha Soup. Costs: 180 rupees, Description: Spicy, sweet,
sour and umami, my vegan recipe for Tom Kha is a sure dinner winner that hits
ALL of the flavor notes. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Thai Tom Kha Soup

180

Spicy, sweet, sour and umami, my vegan recipe for Tom Kha is a sure dinner
winner that hits ALL of the flavor notes.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Thukpa Soup. Costs: 140 rupees, Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Thukpa Soup

140

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Wonton Soup. Costs: 140 rupees, Description: Wonton soup is a
traditional Chinese soup that's made with broth, vegetables, and wontons .its
very healthy and delicious. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Wonton Soup

140

Wonton soup is a traditional Chinese soup that's made with broth, vegetables,
and wontons .its very healthy and delicious.

Unavailable

### Non Veg Soups

9 items

Non-veg item. Chicken Hot & Sour Soup. Costs: 180 rupees, Description: This
soup is loaded with shiitake mushrooms, carrots, tofu and chicken..Hot and
Sour soup is a spicy soup made by using some healthy vegetables like mushroom
, carrot, cabbage simmering in stock water Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Hot& Sour Soup

180

This soup is loaded with shiitake mushrooms, carrots, tofu and chicken..Hot
and Sour soup is a spicy soup made by using some healthy vegetables like
mushroom , carrot, cabbage simmering in stock water

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Manchow Soup. Costs: 180 rupees, Description: Anchow
soup is a popular fusion soup recipe of Indo Chinese Cuisines.It is made with
stir-fried vegetables, broth, sauces Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Manchow Soup

180

Anchow soup is a popular fusion soup recipe of Indo Chinese Cuisines.It is
made with stir-fried vegetables, broth, sauces

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Noodles Soup With Brunt Garlic. Costs: 180 rupees,
Description: One of the most popular varieties of soup, Chicken Noodle Soup is
simply made with egg noodles and bits of chicken cooked in a chicken stock.
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Noodles Soup With Brunt Garlic

180

One of the most popular varieties of soup, Chicken Noodle Soup is simply made
with egg noodles and bits of chicken cooked in a chicken stock.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Sweet Corn Soup. Costs: 180 rupees, Description: T is
made up of very few ingredients such as garlic, ginger, sweetcorn, chicken
stock, chicken and spring onions simmered in a saucepan. Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Sweet Corn Soup

180

T is made up of very few ingredients such as garlic, ginger, sweetcorn,
chicken stock, chicken and spring onions simmered in a saucepan.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Talumein Soup. Costs: 180 rupees, Description: Delicious
and healthy soup made with noodles, eggs and corn. Just one hot cup can leave
you feeling relaxed and rejuvenated. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Talumein Soup

180

Delicious and healthy soup made with noodles, eggs and corn. Just one hot cup
can leave you feeling relaxed and rejuvenated.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Thai Tom Yum Soup. Costs: 180 rupees, Description:
Chicken tom yum soup is a fragrant Thai soup, based on a spicy, clear chicken
broth. It's star ingredient is the tom yum paste Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Chicken Thai Tom Yum Soup

180

Chicken tom yum soup is a fragrant Thai soup, based on a spicy, clear chicken
broth. It's star ingredient is the tom yum paste

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Thukpa Soup. Costs: 180 rupees, Description: Thukpa is a
hot noodle soup with Tibetian origins and it's made with vegetables Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Thukpa Soup

180

Thukpa is a hot noodle soup with Tibetian origins and it's made with
vegetables

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Wonton Soup. Costs: 180 rupees, Description: Chicken
Wonton Soup, or Chicken Won Ton as it may also be referred, is a soup that
contains cooked chicken meat, thick dumpling-like pasta, celery, spinach Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Wonton Soup

180

Chicken Wonton Soup, or Chicken Won Ton as it may also be referred, is a soup
that contains cooked chicken meat, thick dumpling-like pasta, celery, spinach

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Thai Tom Kha Chicken Soup. Costs: 180 rupees, Description: A
simple delicious recipe for one of Thailand's most popular soups.Thai chicken
soup (aka Tom Ka Gai) has that distinctive Thai flavor–a balance of spicy,
salty, sweet, and sour. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Thai Tom Kha Chicken Soup

180

A simple delicious recipe for one of Thailand's most popular soups.Thai
chicken soup (aka Tom Ka Gai) has that distinctive Thai flavor–a balance of
spicy, salty, sweet, and sour.

Unavailable

## Veg Appetizers

11 items

Veg Item. Chili Garlic Crispy Vegetables. Costs: 270 rupees, Description: It
is basically prepared with a choice of vegetables like, mushroom, baby corn,
broccoli and cauliflower which is deep fried with plain flour and corn flour
batter. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chili Garlic Crispy Vegetables

270

It is basically prepared with a choice of vegetables like, mushroom, baby
corn, broccoli and cauliflower which is deep fried with plain flour and corn
flour batter.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Chilli Paneer Dry. Costs: 320 rupees, Description: Chilli Paneer is
a popular Indo-Chinese dish.It uses and recommends deep-frying of marinated
paneer cubes for best taste. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Paneer Dry

320

Chilli Paneer is a popular Indo-Chinese dish.It uses and recommends deep-
frying of marinated paneer cubes for best taste.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Crispy Chilli Potato. Costs: 225 rupees, Description: Chilli potato
is a Indo chinese starter made with fried potatoes tossed in spicy, slightly
sweet & sour chilli sauce. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Crispy Chilli Potato

225

Chilli potato is a Indo chinese starter made with fried potatoes tossed in
spicy, slightly sweet & sour chilli sauce.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Crispy Honey Chilli Lotus Steam. Costs: 250 rupees, Description:
Stir fried Indonesian noodles served with sweet and spicy kung pao exotic
veggies Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Crispy Honey Chilli Lotus Steam

250

Stir fried Indonesian noodles served with sweet and spicy kung pao exotic
veggies

Unavailable

Veg Item. Crispy Honey Chilli Potato. Costs: 225 rupees, Description: Popular
street food from the indo chinese recipe palette made from crisp and deep
fried potato wedges or potato fries. it is crispy and not that much
spicytaste. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Crispy Honey Chilli Potato

225

Popular street food from the indo chinese recipe palette made from crisp and
deep fried potato wedges or potato fries. it is crispy and not that much
spicytaste.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Crispy Tangy Button Mushrooms. Costs: 280 rupees, Description:
PREVIEW 2:58 These crunchy fried mushrooms are so juicy on the inside and
super crispy on the outside Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Crispy Tangy Button Mushrooms

280

PREVIEW 2:58 These crunchy fried mushrooms are so juicy on the inside and
super crispy on the outside

Unavailable

Veg Item. Crispy Veg Sweet Chilli. Costs: 280 rupees, Description: Runchy
vegetables fried and tossed in honey and red chilli sauce, this oriental dish
is a delight to your taste Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Crispy Veg Sweet Chilli

280

Runchy vegetables fried and tossed in honey and red chilli sauce, this
oriental dish is a delight to your taste

Unavailable

Veg Item. Garlic & Cheese Wonton. Costs: 320 rupees, Description: Crunchy
cream cheese filled wontons with a classic cream cheese, scallion and garlic
filling. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Garlic& Cheese Wonton

320

Crunchy cream cheese filled wontons with a classic cream cheese, scallion and
garlic filling.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Salt And Pepper. Costs: 250 rupees, Description: Vegetable Salt
and Pepper is a veg Chinese dish. It is not fried. Exotic vegetables bursting
with taste and flavours of seasonings. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Salt And Pepper

250

Vegetable Salt and Pepper is a veg Chinese dish. It is not fried. Exotic
vegetables bursting with taste and flavours of seasonings.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Spring Roll. Costs: 225 rupees, Description: Veg Spring Rolls
are a popular Chinese snack of crispy, crunchy rolls filled with a savory mix
of vegetable stuffing Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Spring Roll

225

Veg Spring Rolls are a popular Chinese snack of crispy, crunchy rolls filled
with a savory mix of vegetable stuffing

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Manchurian. Costs: 250 rupees, Description: Soy sauce, spring
onion, chilli sauce, hari mirch, capsicum Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Manchurian

250

Soy sauce, spring onion, chilli sauce, hari mirch, capsicum

Unavailable

## Non Veg Appetizers

13 items

Non-veg item. Chicken Pepper Salt. Costs: 320 rupees, Description: Crispy
seasoned chicken, fried up with crunchy onions and spicy chillies. Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Pepper Salt

320

Crispy seasoned chicken, fried up with crunchy onions and spicy chillies.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Spring Roll. Costs: 320 rupees, Description: These
Chicken Spring Rolls are light with crisp-crackly skin and small enough to
enjoy in 4 bites. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Spring Roll

320

These Chicken Spring Rolls are light with crisp-crackly skin and small enough
to enjoy in 4 bites.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chilli Chicken Dry. Costs: 320 rupees, Description: Boneless
fried chicken tossed in spicy sauce, along with onion and capsicum gravy is
one of the popular Indo Chinese Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Chicken Dry

320

Boneless fried chicken tossed in spicy sauce, along with onion and capsicum
gravy is one of the popular Indo Chinese

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Crispy Chilli Fish. Costs: 400 rupees, Description: Its crispy
and spicy in taste. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Crispy Chilli Fish

400

Its crispy and spicy in taste.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Crispy Chilli Lamb. Costs: 450 rupees, Description: If you are
craving for some delicious treat,indulge in the dish of the month 'Crispy
Chilli lamb' at Berco's. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Crispy Chilli Lamb

450

If you are craving for some delicious treat,indulge in the dish of the month
'Crispy Chilli lamb' at Berco's.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Crispy Chilli Mayo Prawns. Costs: 450 rupees, Description:
Prawns are simply the ideal seafood to try out with a wide assortment of
dipping sauces, from the punchy and savoury to the sweet and spicy. Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Crispy Chilli Mayo Prawns

450

Prawns are simply the ideal seafood to try out with a wide assortment of
dipping sauces, from the punchy and savoury to the sweet and spicy.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Crispy Fish With Home Made Sweet Chilli. Costs: 380 rupees,
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Crispy Fish With Home Made Sweet Chilli

380

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Crispy Honey Chilli Chicken. Costs: 320 rupees, Description:
It's a simple buttermilk double-flour batter thrown into a hot skillet to get
them nice and crisp before tossing it in a sweet honey glaze. Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Crispy Honey Chilli Chicken

320

It's a simple buttermilk double-flour batter thrown into a hot skillet to get
them nice and crisp before tossing it in a sweet honey glaze.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Juice Chicken Drum Sticks. Costs: 280 rupees, Description: A
mixture of spices and fruit juices combine to make flavorful, tender, and
juicy drumsticks in a pressure cooker. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Juice Chicken Drum Sticks

280

A mixture of spices and fruit juices combine to make flavorful, tender, and
juicy drumsticks in a pressure cooker.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Moi Spl Chilli Prwans. Costs: 400 rupees, Description: Sweet,
spicy and tangy, Prawn Patia is a dish full of flavor. It's easy to make and
is a wonderful side to your main dinner course. Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Moi Spl Chilli Prwans

400

Sweet, spicy and tangy, Prawn Patia is a dish full of flavor. It's easy to
make and is a wonderful side to your main dinner course.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Prawns Salt And Pepper. Costs: 450 rupees, Description: This
popular salt and pepper prawns recipe is easy to make and totally delicious
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Prawns Salt And Pepper

450

This popular salt and pepper prawns recipe is easy to make and totally
delicious

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Shredded Chicken With Dry Red Chilli. Costs: 280 rupees,
Description: Chicken breasts, salt, pepper, egg, flour, green pepper, red
pepper, rice, garlic cloves, red chilli, soy sauce, tomato puree, water. Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Shredded Chicken With Dry Red Chilli

280

Chicken breasts, salt, pepper, egg, flour, green pepper, red pepper, rice,
garlic cloves, red chilli, soy sauce, tomato puree, water.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Singapore Wok Prawns. Costs: 450 rupees, Description: Rice
noodles stir fried with vegetables, prawns, pork, eggs, ... deliver an
explosion of flavours for Singapore noodles. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Singapore Wok Prawns

450

Rice noodles stir fried with vegetables, prawns, pork, eggs, ... deliver an
explosion of flavours for Singapore noodles.

Unavailable

## Veg Momos

15 items

Veg Item. Achari Paneer Momos (8 Pcs). Costs: 160 rupees, Description: If you
enjoy biting into a pickle and relishing the tangy taste of pickled lemon or
mango cubes then you will definitely like this recipe. Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Achari Paneer Momos (8 Pcs)

160

If you enjoy biting into a pickle and relishing the tangy taste of pickled
lemon or mango cubes then you will definitely like this recipe.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Chilli Paneer Momos (8 Pcs). Costs: 140 rupees, Description: Chilli
cheese Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Paneer Momos (8 Pcs)

140

Chilli cheese

Unavailable

Veg Item. Hakka Noodles Momos (8 Pcs). Costs: 160 rupees, Description:
Szechwan Hakka Noodle Momo Recipe is a lip smacking momo which is filled with
a spicy noodle filling that is tossed in Szechwan sauce. Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Hakka Noodles Momos (8 Pcs)

160

Szechwan Hakka Noodle Momo Recipe is a lip smacking momo which is filled with
a spicy noodle filling that is tossed in Szechwan sauce.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Mushroom Momos (8 Pcs). Costs: 160 rupees, Description: Chilli
Cheese Mushroom Momo Recipe is a momo filled with creamy and spicy chilli
mushrooms. These momos make a great appetizer for parties. Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Mushroom Momos (8 Pcs)

160

Chilli Cheese Mushroom Momo Recipe is a momo filled with creamy and spicy
chilli mushrooms. These momos make a great appetizer for parties.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Paneer Afghani Momos (8 Pcs). Costs: 200 rupees, Description:
Chinese dumplings filled with stir fried veggies and steamed to perfection.
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Paneer Afghani Momos (8 Pcs)

200

Chinese dumplings filled with stir fried veggies and steamed to perfection.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Paneer Fried Momos (8 Pcs). Costs: 160 rupees, Description: Chilli
Cheese Mushroom Momo Recipe is a momo filled with creamy and spicy chilli
mushrooms. These momos make a great appetizer for parties. Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Paneer Fried Momos (8 Pcs)

160

Chilli Cheese Mushroom Momo Recipe is a momo filled with creamy and spicy
chilli mushrooms. These momos make a great appetizer for parties.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Paneer Steamed Momos (8 Pcs). Costs: 140 rupees, Description: An
indian version of nepali momos recipe made with grated and spiced paneer. it
is a great party starter or appetiser Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Paneer Steamed Momos (8 Pcs)

140

An indian version of nepali momos recipe made with grated and spiced paneer.
it is a great party starter or appetiser

Unavailable

Veg Item. Paneer Tandoori Momos (8 Pcs). Costs: 200 rupees, Description:
Abspolute delecicious in taste with lots of panner. Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Paneer Tandoori Momos (8 Pcs)

200

Abspolute delecicious in taste with lots of panner.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Paneer Tikka Momos (8 Pcs). Costs: 140 rupees, Description: A
popular Indian starter made with marinated paneer and veggies. Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Paneer Tikka Momos (8 Pcs)

140

A popular Indian starter made with marinated paneer and veggies.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Paneer Tikka Tandoori Momos (8 Pcs). Costs: 200 rupees, Description:
A serious upgrade from the classic momos, these are tossed in tandoori paste
and chargrilled to perfection. Dip in mint chutney, Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Paneer Tikka Tandoori Momos (8 Pcs)

200

A serious upgrade from the classic momos, these are tossed in tandoori paste
and chargrilled to perfection. Dip in mint chutney,

Unavailable

Veg Item. Soya Tikka Momos (8 Pcs). Costs: 160 rupees, Description: Paneer
Momos, Grilled in Tandoor, Tossed in Creamy Masala Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Soya Tikka Momos (8 Pcs)

160

Paneer Momos, Grilled in Tandoor, Tossed in Creamy Masala

Unavailable

Veg Item. Soya Tikka Tandoori Momos (8 Pcs). Costs: 200 rupees, Description:
Absolutely delicious in taste. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Soya Tikka Tandoori Momos (8 Pcs)

200

Absolutely delicious in taste.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Steamed Momos (8 Pcs). Costs: 120 rupees, Description: Simple
and healthy snack recipe inherited from the traditional nepali cuisine.
basically, it is plain flour based dumplings steamed with cabbage Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Steamed Momos (8 Pcs)

120

Simple and healthy snack recipe inherited from the traditional nepali cuisine.
basically, it is plain flour based dumplings steamed with cabbage

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Tandoori Momos (8 Pcs). Costs: 200 rupees, Description: These
Vegetarian Tandoori Momos are vegetable and paneer-filled dumplings. Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Tandoori Momos (8 Pcs)

200

These Vegetarian Tandoori Momos are vegetable and paneer-filled dumplings.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Paneer Schezwan Momos. Costs: 60 rupees, Description: Paneer
Schezwan Momos Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Paneer Schezwan Momos

60

Paneer Schezwan Momos

Unavailable

## Non Veg Momos

15 items

Non-veg item. Chicken Achari Momos (8 Pcs). Costs: 140 rupees, Description:
It's a dumpling filled with meat or vegetables as well. It is eaten with
tomato pickle Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Achari Momos (8 Pcs)

140

It's a dumpling filled with meat or vegetables as well. It is eaten with
tomato pickle

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Afghani Momos (8 Pcs). Costs: 200 rupees, Description:
Chinese dumplings filled with stir fried veggies and steamed to perfection.
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Afghani Momos (8 Pcs)

200

Chinese dumplings filled with stir fried veggies and steamed to perfection.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken BBQ Momos (8 Pcs). Costs: 140 rupees, Description:
Flavorful & Juicy recipe for Nepali Chicken MoMo Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Chicken BBQ Momos (8 Pcs)

140

Flavorful & Juicy recipe for Nepali Chicken MoMo

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Fried Momos (8 Pcs). Costs: 160 rupees, Description:
These veg momos or dim sum are made with stir-fried mix vegetable stuffing
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Fried Momos (8 Pcs)

160

These veg momos or dim sum are made with stir-fried mix vegetable stuffing

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Manchurian Momos (8 Pcs). Costs: 200 rupees,
Description: This Momo Manchurian recipe is Excellent and find more Great
recipes Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Manchurian Momos (8 Pcs)

200

This Momo Manchurian recipe is Excellent and find more Great recipes

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Peri Peri Momos (8 Pcs). Costs: 140 rupees, Description:
Momos is now a very infamous street food. Momos has different names in
different localities/countries Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Peri Peri Momos (8 Pcs)

140

Momos is now a very infamous street food. Momos has different names in
different localities/countries

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Salami Momos (8 Pcs). Costs: 160 rupees, Description: To
prepare these savoury dumplings, all you need are all-purpose flour, boiled
chicken, onion, ginger, green chilli, soy sauce Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Chicken Salami Momos (8 Pcs)

160

To prepare these savoury dumplings, all you need are all-purpose flour, boiled
chicken, onion, ginger, green chilli, soy sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Seekh Momos (8 Pcs). Costs: 140 rupees, Description:
It's a dumpling filled with meat or vegetables as well. It is eaten with
tomato pickle Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Seekh Momos (8 Pcs)

140

It's a dumpling filled with meat or vegetables as well. It is eaten with
tomato pickle

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Steam Momos (8 Pcs). Costs: 140 rupees, Description:
These dumplings are soft and juicy and are traditionally steamed. Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Steam Momos (8 Pcs)

140

These dumplings are soft and juicy and are traditionally steamed.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Tandoori Momos (8 Pcs). Costs: 200 rupees, Description:
Ovely chicken tikka filled inside these dumplings which are steamed Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Tandoori Momos (8 Pcs)

200

Ovely chicken tikka filled inside these dumplings which are steamed

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Tikka Momos (8 Pcs). Costs: 140 rupees, Description:
Lovely chicken tikka filled inside these dumplings which are steamed and then
tossed in a masaledar tandoori Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Tikka Momos (8 Pcs)

140

Lovely chicken tikka filled inside these dumplings which are steamed and then
tossed in a masaledar tandoori

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Mutton Rogan Josh Momos (8 Pcs). Costs: 200 rupees, Description:
Afghani Momos is the creamy version of steamed momos made with butter and
cheese. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Mutton Rogan Josh Momos (8 Pcs)

200

Afghani Momos is the creamy version of steamed momos made with butter and
cheese.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Mutton Tandoori Momos (8 Pcs). Costs: 250 rupees, Description:
Tantalising steamed momos marinated with a punch of Indian spices and a
crunchy vegetable stuffing, cooked in an oven Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Mutton Tandoori Momos (8 Pcs)

250

Tantalising steamed momos marinated with a punch of Indian spices and a
crunchy vegetable stuffing, cooked in an oven

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Achari Kebab. Costs: 140 rupees, Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Chicken Achari Kebab

140

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chilli Chicken Momos (8 Pcs). Costs: 140 rupees, Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Chicken Momos (8 Pcs)

140

Unavailable

## CRAZY Kurkure Momos

5 items

Non-veg item. Chicken Kurkure Momos (8 Pcs). Costs: 200 rupees, Description:
Momos dipped in corn flour and bread crumbs batter and fried to perfection.
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Kurkure Momos (8 Pcs)

200

Momos dipped in corn flour and bread crumbs batter and fried to perfection.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chilli Chicken Kurkure. Costs: 200 rupees, Description: Momos
dipped in corn flour and bread crumbs batter and fried to perfection. Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Chicken Kurkure

200

Momos dipped in corn flour and bread crumbs batter and fried to perfection.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Chilli Paneer Kurkure. Costs: 200 rupees, Description: Momos dipped
in corn flour and bread crumbs batter and fried to perfection. Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Paneer Kurkure

200

Momos dipped in corn flour and bread crumbs batter and fried to perfection.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Paneer Kurkure Momos (8 Pcs). Costs: 200 rupees, Description: Momos
dipped in corn flour and bread crumbs batter and fried to perfection for you
taste buds Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Paneer Kurkure Momos (8 Pcs)

200

Momos dipped in corn flour and bread crumbs batter and fried to perfection for
you taste buds

Unavailable

Veg Item. Vegetable Kurkure. Costs: 200 rupees, Description: Momos dipped in
corn flour and bread crumbs batter and fried to perfection for you taste buds
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Vegetable Kurkure

200

Momos dipped in corn flour and bread crumbs batter and fried to perfection for
you taste buds

Unavailable

## Wheat Special Momos

5 items

Non-veg item. Chicken Wheat. Costs: 140 rupees, Description: Wheat momos come
as a perfect alternative to all those cravings without compromising on health!
Whole wheat flour is a rich source of dietary fibre and protein, both of which
are essential macro-nutrients required for a healthy body.stuff with roasted
chicken which will enhance the taste. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Wheat

140

Wheat momos come as a perfect alternative to all those cravings without
compromising on health! Whole wheat flour is a rich source of dietary fibre
and protein, both of which are essential macro-nutrients required for a
healthy body.stuff with roasted chicken which will enhance the taste.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chilli Chicken Wheat. Costs: 140 rupees, Description: Chilli
Chicken is a simple and easy chicken recipe which is like stir fry chicken. It
tastes tangy and spicy. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Chicken Wheat

140

Chilli Chicken is a simple and easy chicken recipe which is like stir fry
chicken. It tastes tangy and spicy.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Chilli Paneer Wheat. Costs: 140 rupees, Description: Delicious
chilli paneer recipe at home using ingredients like paneer, ginger, soy sauce.
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Paneer Wheat

140

Delicious chilli paneer recipe at home using ingredients like paneer, ginger,
soy sauce.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Mutton Wheat. Costs: 200 rupees, Description: Momo are a type of
Tibetan and Nepalese dumpling dish popular in these regions. Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Mutton Wheat

200

Momo are a type of Tibetan and Nepalese dumpling dish popular in these
regions.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Wheat. Costs: 120 rupees, Description: Wheat momos come as a
perfect alternative to all those cravings without compromising on health!
Whole wheat flour is a rich source of dietary fibre and protein, both of which
are essential macro-nutrients required for a healthy body.stuff with lots pf
veggies. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Wheat

120

Wheat momos come as a perfect alternative to all those cravings without
compromising on health! Whole wheat flour is a rich source of dietary fibre
and protein, both of which are essential macro-nutrients required for a
healthy body.stuff with lots pf veggies.

Unavailable

## Veg Main Course

13 items

Veg Item. Chilli Paneer Gravy. Costs: 280 rupees, Description: Chilli paneer
is an Indo-Chinese starter recipe which is simply made by batter-coating and
deep-frying paneer cubes Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Paneer Gravy

280

Chilli paneer is an Indo-Chinese starter recipe which is simply made by
batter-coating and deep-frying paneer cubes

Unavailable

Veg Item. Cottage Cheese & Black Papper Sauce. Costs: 245 rupees, Description:
Made from freshly crushed black peppers, the MoiSoi black pepper sauce adds
the right amount of peppery heat to give your dish an Oriental kick. Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Cottage Cheese& Black Papper Sauce

245

Made from freshly crushed black peppers, the MoiSoi black pepper sauce adds
the right amount of peppery heat to give your dish an Oriental kick.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Cottage Cheese & Sacezwan Sauces. Costs: 245 rupees, Description: A
favourite with the vegetarians, paneer made from milk is quite common,
especially paneer recipes are quite popular in the Indian subcontinent. Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Cottage Cheese& Sacezwan Sauces

245

A favourite with the vegetarians, paneer made from milk is quite common,
especially paneer recipes are quite popular in the Indian subcontinent.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Cottage Cheese & Hot Garlics Sauce. Costs: 245 rupees, Description:
This flavorful recipe can be made with Cottage cheese which is drenched in
Burnt garlic sauce and served. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Cottage Cheese& Hot Garlics Sauce

245

This flavorful recipe can be made with Cottage cheese which is drenched in
Burnt garlic sauce and served.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Diced Potato American Corn In Tsing Hoi Sauce. Costs: 245 rupees,
Description: Tsing Hoi style Corn and Potatoes with some Chilli Garlic Noodles
and Veg Fried Rice. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Diced Potato American Corn In Tsing Hoi Sauce

245

Tsing Hoi style Corn and Potatoes with some Chilli Garlic Noodles and Veg
Fried Rice.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Exotic Vegetables In Hot Garlic Sauce. Costs: 280 rupees,
Description: This Indian Chinese spicy one-pot vegetarian meal is cooked with
a spicy hot gravy and loads of fresh veggies. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Exotic Vegetables In Hot Garlic Sauce

280

This Indian Chinese spicy one-pot vegetarian meal is cooked with a spicy hot
gravy and loads of fresh veggies.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Original Vegetables Sapo Sauces. Costs: 245 rupees, Description:
Vegetable-based sauces are not only nutritious but add an extra kick of
flavour to your simple dishes. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Original Vegetables Sapo Sauces

245

Vegetable-based sauces are not only nutritious but add an extra kick of
flavour to your simple dishes.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Paneer Kung Pao. Costs: 295 rupees, Description: Kung Pao Paneer has
a blend of Indian spices and Chinese flavors.Kung Pao Paneer has a mixture of
Indian spices and Chinese flavours. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Paneer Kung Pao

295

Kung Pao Paneer has a blend of Indian spices and Chinese flavors.Kung Pao
Paneer has a mixture of Indian spices and Chinese flavours.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Stir Fried Asian Green. Costs: 280 rupees, Description: These
delicious Chinese Greens cook simply and quickly. This way the delicate greens
are not swimming in salty or sweet sauce. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Stir Fried Asian Green

280

These delicious Chinese Greens cook simply and quickly. This way the delicate
greens are not swimming in salty or sweet sauce.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Hot Garlic Sauces. Costs: 245 rupees, Description: Crispy
vegetables in hot garlic sauce, if you want to try something different and go
beyond manchurian gravy or sweet and sour vegetables. Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Veg Hot Garlic Sauces

245

Crispy vegetables in hot garlic sauce, if you want to try something different
and go beyond manchurian gravy or sweet and sour vegetables.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Vegtables & Black Papper Sauce. Costs: 275 rupees, Description: In
addition to adding flavor to foods, black pepper may act as an antioxidant and
offer a variety of health benefits. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Vegtables& Black Papper Sauce

275

In addition to adding flavor to foods, black pepper may act as an antioxidant
and offer a variety of health benefits.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Vegtables In Creamy Garlic Sauces. Costs: 245 rupees, Description:
Flavor agents include soy or oyster sauce, ginger, and garlic. Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Vegtables In Creamy Garlic Sauces

245

Flavor agents include soy or oyster sauce, ginger, and garlic.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Vegtables In Sacezwan Sauces. Costs: 245 rupees, Description:
Chezwan Fried Rice is a vibrant, spicy, tasty and popular Indo Chinese recipe
of stir-fried vegetables and rice with schezwan sauce. Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Vegtables In Sacezwan Sauces

245

Chezwan Fried Rice is a vibrant, spicy, tasty and popular Indo Chinese recipe
of stir-fried vegetables and rice with schezwan sauce.

Unavailable

## Non Veg Main Course

16 items

Non-veg item. Chicken Black Bean Souce. Costs: 335 rupees, Description: Black
bean sauce is a sauce made from fermented black beans. ... Black bean sauce
can be used as a marinade for prawns, crabs and chicken before grilling. Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Black Bean Souce

335

Black bean sauce is a sauce made from fermented black beans. ... Black bean
sauce can be used as a marinade for prawns, crabs and chicken before grilling.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Black Pepper. Costs: 335 rupees, Description: Chicken
Pepper Soup is known for its health benefits, it helps in relieving sore
throat and cold and also helps indigestion. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Black Pepper

335

Chicken Pepper Soup is known for its health benefits, it helps in relieving
sore throat and cold and also helps indigestion.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Creamy Garlic Sauces. Costs: 335 rupees, Description:
Golden pan fried Chicken Breasts in an irresistible garlic sauce filled with
caramelized onions and garlic! Easy and delicious comfort food! Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Creamy Garlic Sauces

335

Golden pan fried Chicken Breasts in an irresistible garlic sauce filled with
caramelized onions and garlic! Easy and delicious comfort food!

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Hong Kong. Costs: 335 rupees, Description: Hicken is the
most important food for malnourished people who have undergone surgery, and
people with very weak immunity. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Hong Kong

335

Hicken is the most important food for malnourished people who have undergone
surgery, and people with very weak immunity.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Hot Garlic Sauce. Costs: 335 rupees, Description: Chilli
Garlic Sauce is made to spice-up your taste buds and make your snacks more
enjoyable. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Hot Garlic Sauce

335

Chilli Garlic Sauce is made to spice-up your taste buds and make your snacks
more enjoyable.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken In Schezwan Sauce. Costs: 335 rupees, Description:
Schezwan sauce is one of the most popular in the Asian cuisine. must try Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken In Schezwan Sauce

335

Schezwan sauce is one of the most popular in the Asian cuisine. must try

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Manchurian. Costs: 335 rupees, Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Chicken Manchurian

335

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Mongolian. Costs: 335 rupees, Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Chicken Mongolian

335

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Stir Fried Asian Green. Costs: 335 rupees, Description:
Delicious healthy, tasty and easy to put together. Enjoy the benefits of
Vegetables with less Meat. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Stir Fried Asian Green

335

Delicious healthy, tasty and easy to put together. Enjoy the benefits of
Vegetables with less Meat.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken With Basil Chilli. Costs: 335 rupees, Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Chicken With Basil Chilli

335

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chilli Chicken Gravy. Costs: 335 rupees, Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Chilli Chicken Gravy

335

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Clay Pot Chicken. Costs: 335 rupees, Description: A clay pot is
the secret to this succulent chicken and the natural way to cook ... to moist,
tender perfection, surrounded by jewel toned vegetables. Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Clay Pot Chicken

335

A clay pot is the secret to this succulent chicken and the natural way to cook
... to moist, tender perfection, surrounded by jewel toned vegetables.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Five Spicy Chicken. Costs: 335 rupees, Description: Ender, juicy
and thoroughly flavoured, five spice chicken brings roast , simple authentic
recipe for Chinese . Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Five Spicy Chicken

335

Ender, juicy and thoroughly flavoured, five spice chicken brings roast ,
simple authentic recipe for Chinese .

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Kung Pao Chicken. Costs: 335 rupees, Description: Kung Pao
Chicken is a classic dish from the Sichuan province of China. It is a spicy
stir-fried dish made with chicken, peanuts, vegetables Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Kung Pao Chicken

335

Kung Pao Chicken is a classic dish from the Sichuan province of China. It is a
spicy stir-fried dish made with chicken, peanuts, vegetables

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Sliced Chicken In Chilli Oyster Sauce. Costs: 335 rupees,
Description: Marinate the chicken with salt & pepper, soy sauce, ... Add the
fried chicken and toss well,serve it hot Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Sliced Chicken In Chilli Oyster Sauce

335

Marinate the chicken with salt & pepper, soy sauce, ... Add the fried chicken
and toss well,serve it hot

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Stir Fried Chicken With Ginger. Costs: 400 rupees, Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Stir Fried Chicken With Ginger

400

Unavailable

## Prawns Main Course

6 items

Non-veg item. Kung Pao Prawns. Costs: 495 rupees, Description: 3:55 Prawns
cooked with bellpeppers in sweet and spicy sauceKung Pao Shrimp is an easy
Chinese take out style shrimp recipe. Shrimps are tossed in vegetables like
bell peppers and onion Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Kung Pao Prawns

495

3:55 Prawns cooked with bellpeppers in sweet and spicy sauceKung Pao Shrimp is
an easy Chinese take out style shrimp recipe. Shrimps are tossed in vegetables
like bell peppers and onion

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Prawn In Black Pepper Sauce. Costs: 495 rupees, Description:
Spicy Prawns in Black Pepper Sauce is a delicious Indian recipe Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Prawn In Black Pepper Sauce

495

Spicy Prawns in Black Pepper Sauce is a delicious Indian recipe

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Prawn In Celery & Wine. Costs: 495 rupees, Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Prawn In Celery& Wine

495

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Prawn In Hot Garlic Sauce. Costs: 495 rupees, Description: Fried
prawns cooked in hot garlic sauce is delightful in taste and will make a great
side dish with Chinese fried rice, noodles Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Prawn In Hot Garlic Sauce

495

Fried prawns cooked in hot garlic sauce is delightful in taste and will make a
great side dish with Chinese fried rice, noodles

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Prawn In Schezwan Sauce. Costs: 495 rupees, Description: Prawns
in Schezwan Sauce is a delicious Chinese recipe served as a Starter Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Prawn In Schezwan Sauce

495

Prawns in Schezwan Sauce is a delicious Chinese recipe served as a Starter

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Prawn In Traditional Chilli Bean Sauce. Costs: 495 rupees,
Description: A lip smacking recipe for prawns sautéed in a chilli garlic sauce
... Items like rice wine vinegar, sweet soy. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Prawn In Traditional Chilli Bean Sauce

495

A lip smacking recipe for prawns sautéed in a chilli garlic sauce ... Items
like rice wine vinegar, sweet soy.

Unavailable

## Lamb Main Course

3 items

Non-veg item. Lamb In Black Pepper Sauce. Costs: 350 rupees, Description: He
Best Lamb Chop With Black Pepper Sauce Recipes on Yummly | Sarawak Black
Pepper Sauce, Black Pepper Sauce, Make-ahead Turkey White Wine Rosemary-garlic
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Lamb In Black Pepper Sauce

350

He Best Lamb Chop With Black Pepper Sauce Recipes on Yummly | Sarawak Black
Pepper Sauce, Black Pepper Sauce, Make-ahead Turkey White Wine Rosemary-garlic

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Lamb In Hot Garlic Sauce. Costs: 350 rupees, Description: Rind
onions, garlic & red pepper together. Mix together, the cornflour, water,
vinegar, soya sauce and sugar, and keep aside. Heat oil in a wok and add the
onion mixture, stir over high heat till fat separates.If you're bored of
eating fried rice with a normal vegetable curry, then you need to try this
appetizing Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Lamb In Hot Garlic Sauce

350

Rind onions, garlic & red pepper together. Mix together, the cornflour, water,
vinegar, soya sauce and sugar, and keep aside. Heat oil in a wok and add the
onion mixture, stir over high heat till fat separates.If you're bored of
eating fried rice with a normal vegetable curry, then you need to try this
appetizing

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Lamb In Schezwan Sauce. Costs: 350 rupees, Description: Schezwan
sauce is a popular Indo-Chinese condiment made with red chilies, garlic, soya
sauce, vinegar and Sichuan peppers. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Lamb In Schezwan Sauce

350

Schezwan sauce is a popular Indo-Chinese condiment made with red chilies,
garlic, soya sauce, vinegar and Sichuan peppers.

Unavailable

## Fish Main Course

8 items

Non-veg item. Fish In Black Pepper Sauce. Costs: 395 rupees, Description: Fish
is a low-fat, high quality protein food, filled with omega-3 fatty acids and
vitamins,its very delicious and spicy. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Fish In Black Pepper Sauce

395

Fish is a low-fat, high quality protein food, filled with omega-3 fatty acids
and vitamins,its very delicious and spicy.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Fish In Chilli Bean Sauce. Costs: 395 rupees, Description:
Chilli fish is a popular Indian-chinese appetizer made by tossing fish in
spicy chilli sauce. It is served as a appetizer. Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Fish In Chilli Bean Sauce

395

Chilli fish is a popular Indian-chinese appetizer made by tossing fish in
spicy chilli sauce. It is served as a appetizer.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Fish In Hot Garlic Sauce. Costs: 395 rupees, Description: Grind
onions, garlic & red pepper together. Mix together, the cornflour, water,
vinegar, soya sauce and sugar, and keep aside. Heat oil in a wok and add the
onion mixture, stir over high heat till fat separates. Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Fish In Hot Garlic Sauce

395

Grind onions, garlic & red pepper together. Mix together, the cornflour,
water, vinegar, soya sauce and sugar, and keep aside. Heat oil in a wok and
add the onion mixture, stir over high heat till fat separates.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Fish In Shezwan Sauce. Costs: 395 rupees, Description: Marinate
the fish with soya sauce, corn flour, pepper, chilli powder, ginger-garlic
paste, and salt Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Fish In Shezwan Sauce

395

Marinate the fish with soya sauce, corn flour, pepper, chilli powder, ginger-
garlic paste, and salt

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Fish Lemon Coriander. Costs: 395 rupees, Description: This light
and nutritious soup will make you feel refreshed. Lemon is a rich source of
Vitamin C that boosts your immunity Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Fish Lemon Coriander

395

This light and nutritious soup will make you feel refreshed. Lemon is a rich
source of Vitamin C that boosts your immunity

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Musterd Chilli Fish. Costs: 395 rupees, Description: This one is
thick and a spicy curry where freshwater fish is marinated. Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Musterd Chilli Fish

395

This one is thick and a spicy curry where freshwater fish is marinated.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Roasted Fish With Basil & Roasted Chilli Flakes. Costs: 395
rupees, Description: Mild flavored, flaky fish fillets.great n taste Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Roasted Fish With Basil& Roasted Chilli Flakes

395

Mild flavored, flaky fish fillets.great n taste

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Sweet & Sour Fish. Costs: 395 rupees, Description: This healthy
sweet and sour fish includes lots of bell peppers and pineapple with the
lightly fried fish and sweet and sour sauce. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Sweet& Sour Fish

395

This healthy sweet and sour fish includes lots of bell peppers and pineapple
with the lightly fried fish and sweet and sour sauce.

Unavailable

## Thai Main Course

8 items

Non-veg item. Chicken Thai Green Curry. Costs: 395 rupees, Description: Eat at
an Indian or Thai restaurant, and you might find green curry chicken on the
menu. This dish combines chunks of chicken and aromatic vegetables.Green
curries are famous all over the world for their spice levels and amazing
aromatic flavors. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Thai Green Curry

395

Eat at an Indian or Thai restaurant, and you might find green curry chicken on
the menu. This dish combines chunks of chicken and aromatic vegetables.Green
curries are famous all over the world for their spice levels and amazing
aromatic flavors.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Thai Red Curry. Costs: 375 rupees, Description: The non-
vegetarian ones can also be made up of seafood or chicken and meat. Thai
curries are typically cooked in coconut milk with a curry Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Thai Red Curry

375

The non-vegetarian ones can also be made up of seafood or chicken and meat.
Thai curries are typically cooked in coconut milk with a curry

Unavailable

Veg Item. Exotic Vegetables With Basil Chilli. Costs: 315 rupees, Description:
Exotic Vegetable in Chilli and Basil Sauce in a Clay Pot. Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Exotic Vegetables With Basil Chilli

315

Exotic Vegetable in Chilli and Basil Sauce in a Clay Pot.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Prawns Red Thai Curry. Costs: 445 rupees, Description: A
delectable Bengali delicacy deriving its rich flavors from prawns, coconut
milk, and select spices, the prawn Malai curry is relished Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Prawns Red Thai Curry

445

A delectable Bengali delicacy deriving its rich flavors from prawns, coconut
milk, and select spices, the prawn Malai curry is relished

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Prawns Thai Green Curry. Costs: 445 rupees, Description: Hai
Green Curry is one of the most enjoyed dishes from the Thai cuisine,hai green
curry recipe is full of asparagus, carrots and spinach! It's full of flavor
and simple enough for weeknight dinners. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Prawns Thai Green Curry

445

Hai Green Curry is one of the most enjoyed dishes from the Thai cuisine,hai
green curry recipe is full of asparagus, carrots and spinach! It's full of
flavor and simple enough for weeknight dinners.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Thai Green Curry. Costs: 315 rupees, Description: This healthy,
vegetarian Thai green curry recipe is full of asparagus, carrots and spinach!
It's full of flavor and simple enough for weeknight dinners. Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Thai Green Curry

315

This healthy, vegetarian Thai green curry recipe is full of asparagus, carrots
and spinach! It's full of flavor and simple enough for weeknight dinners.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Thai Red Curry. Costs: 315 rupees, Description: His delicious
Thai Curry recipe is made with homemade red curry paste. With healthy, hearty
vegetables, this vegan Thai Red Curry is tasty. Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Veg Thai Red Curry

315

His delicious Thai Curry recipe is made with homemade red curry paste. With
healthy, hearty vegetables, this vegan Thai Red Curry is tasty.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Wok Fried Chicken With Basil Chilli. Costs: 345 rupees,
Description: His dish could also be filled in tortillas, to have it as rolls.
Chicken itself has its own benefits and has a chewy texture. Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Wok Fried Chicken With Basil Chilli

345

His dish could also be filled in tortillas, to have it as rolls. Chicken
itself has its own benefits and has a chewy texture.

Unavailable

## Rice

12 items

Non-veg item. Chicken Fried Rice. Costs: 180 rupees, Description: Chicken
fried rice recipe, made in Indo chinese style. Simple, easy to make &
delicious fried rice made with tender chunks of chicken. Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Fried Rice

180

Chicken fried rice recipe, made in Indo chinese style. Simple, easy to make &
delicious fried rice made with tender chunks of chicken.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chilli Garlic Fried Chicken Rice. Costs: 195 rupees,
Description: This is very delecious in taste. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Garlic Fried Chicken Rice

195

This is very delecious in taste.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Chilli Garlic Rice Veg. Costs: 190 rupees, Description: Burnt garlic
fried rice recipe with stepwise pics. making garlic fried rice ... rice, mix
vegetables, soy sauce, pepper and lots of garlic. Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Chilli Garlic Rice Veg

190

Burnt garlic fried rice recipe with stepwise pics. making garlic fried rice
... rice, mix vegetables, soy sauce, pepper and lots of garlic.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Corn Fried Rice. Costs: 220 rupees, Description: Sweet Corn Fried
Rice recipe is a quick, easy and delicious Indian Chinese style stir-fried
rice that can be prepared with leftover rice Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Corn Fried Rice

220

Sweet Corn Fried Rice recipe is a quick, easy and delicious Indian Chinese
style stir-fried rice that can be prepared with leftover rice

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Egg Fried Rice. Costs: 180 rupees, Description: Fried rice is a
dish of cooked rice that has been stir-fried in a wok or a frying pan and is
usually mixed with other ingredients such as eggs, vegetables. Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Egg Fried Rice

180

Fried rice is a dish of cooked rice that has been stir-fried in a wok or a
frying pan and is usually mixed with other ingredients such as eggs,
vegetables.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Fried Rice Veg. Costs: 180 rupees, Description: Chinese food is all
about the amazing smoky aroma, saucy flavors and the beautiful colors. Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Fried Rice Veg

180

Chinese food is all about the amazing smoky aroma, saucy flavors and the
beautiful colors.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Garlic Steamed Rice. Costs: 190 rupees, Description: Fried garlic is
tastier than the raw stuff. It is rich in nutrients Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Garlic Steamed Rice

190

Fried garlic is tastier than the raw stuff. It is rich in nutrients

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Minced Chicken Chilli Fried Rice. Costs: 190 rupees,
Description: This hot, spicy and delicious. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Minced Chicken Chilli Fried Rice

190

This hot, spicy and delicious.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Mix Meat Fried Rice. Costs: 280 rupees, Description: Fried rice
is a dish of cooked rice that has been stir-fried in a wok or a frying pan and
is usually mixed with other ingredients such as eggs, vegetables and meat.
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Mix Meat Fried Rice

280

Fried rice is a dish of cooked rice that has been stir-fried in a wok or a
frying pan and is usually mixed with other ingredients such as eggs,
vegetables and meat.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Steamed Rice. Costs: 180 rupees, Description: Steaming rice is one
of the healthier ways to cook this food because this prevents the loss of
water-soluble nutrients into the cooking water Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Steamed Rice

180

Steaming rice is one of the healthier ways to cook this food because this
prevents the loss of water-soluble nutrients into the cooking water

Unavailable

Veg Item. Thai Basil Rice Veg. Costs: 195 rupees, Description: Its delcious in
taste Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Thai Basil Rice Veg

195

Its delcious in taste

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Thai Chicken Basil Rice. Costs: 220 rupees, Description: Thai
Basil Chicken is arguably the gold standard of Thai Chicken stir fries! An
incredibly fast and easy Thai recipe that truly tastes. Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Thai Chicken Basil Rice

220

Thai Basil Chicken is arguably the gold standard of Thai Chicken stir fries!
An incredibly fast and easy Thai recipe that truly tastes.

Unavailable

## Noodles

18 items

Non-veg item. American Chopsuey Chicken. Costs: 350 rupees, Description: This
Chicken Chop Suey recipe is super quick and easy, making it perfect for a busy
weeknight dinner! The whole family will love this dish! Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### American Chopsuey Chicken

350

This Chicken Chop Suey recipe is super quick and easy, making it perfect for a
busy weeknight dinner! The whole family will love this dish!

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Butter Pepper Garlic Noodles Chicken. Costs: 280 rupees,
Description: This real food recipe only requires 7 simple ingredients:
chicken, pasta, garlic, olive oil, tomatoes, basil, butter. SO good. in taste
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Butter Pepper Garlic Noodles Chicken

280

This real food recipe only requires 7 simple ingredients: chicken, pasta,
garlic, olive oil, tomatoes, basil, butter. SO good. in taste

Unavailable

Veg Item. Butter Pepper Garlic Noodles Veg. Costs: 200 rupees, Description:
Chilli Garlic Noodles is easy, spiced, tasty recipe made with lots of garlic
and chili sauce. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Butter Pepper Garlic Noodles Veg

200

Chilli Garlic Noodles is easy, spiced, tasty recipe made with lots of garlic
and chili sauce.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Hakka Noodles. Costs: 240 rupees, Description: Chicken
Hakka Noodles is a Chinese style Noodle dish where cooked noodles are tossed
with boiled chicken, vegetables, meat and sauces. Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Chicken Hakka Noodles

240

Chicken Hakka Noodles is a Chinese style Noodle dish where cooked noodles are
tossed with boiled chicken, vegetables, meat and sauces.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Chilli Garlic Noodles Veg. Costs: 180 rupees, Description: Chilli
garlic noodles recipe is a bit on spicier side. but it would pleasantly
surprise you with its sweet taste as well. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Garlic Noodles Veg

180

Chilli garlic noodles recipe is a bit on spicier side. but it would pleasantly
surprise you with its sweet taste as well.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chilli Noodles Chicken. Costs: 280 rupees, Description: Chilli
chicken is a popular Indo-chinese appetizer made by tossing fried chicken in
spicy hot chilli sauce Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Noodles Chicken

280

Chilli chicken is a popular Indo-chinese appetizer made by tossing fried
chicken in spicy hot chilli sauce

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chopsuey Chicken. Costs: 350 rupees, Description: Tangy, spicy
and all-round yummy, this American Chicken Chopsuey recipe is perfect for when
you're craving classic Indo-Chinese Dishes. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chopsuey Chicken

350

Tangy, spicy and all-round yummy, this American Chicken Chopsuey recipe is
perfect for when you're craving classic Indo-Chinese Dishes.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chopsuey Veg. Costs: 250 rupees, Description: This Chop Suey
recipe is not just visually stunning with it's myriad of vegetables and meats,
it is also delicious and so healthy! Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chopsuey Veg

250

This Chop Suey recipe is not just visually stunning with it's myriad of
vegetables and meats, it is also delicious and so healthy!

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Egg Hakka Noodles. Costs: 240 rupees, Description: Egg Hakka
noodles are one of the popular Indo-Chinese dishes ordered in many Indian
restaurants and street stalls Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Egg Hakka Noodles

240

Egg Hakka noodles are one of the popular Indo-Chinese dishes ordered in many
Indian restaurants and street stalls

Unavailable

Veg Item. Hakka Noodles Veg. Costs: 180 rupees, Description: Hakka noodles are
Indian-Chinese style noodles made with unleavened refined wheat flour. Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Hakka Noodles Veg

180

Hakka noodles are Indian-Chinese style noodles made with unleavened refined
wheat flour.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Mix Meat Fried Rice. Costs: 335 rupees, Description: Fried rice
is a dish of cooked rice that has been stir-fried in a wok or a frying pan and
is usually mixed with other ingredients such as eggs, vegetables. Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Mix Meat Fried Rice

335

Fried rice is a dish of cooked rice that has been stir-fried in a wok or a
frying pan and is usually mixed with other ingredients such as eggs,
vegetables.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Pad Thai Noodles Chicken. Costs: 350 rupees, Description: It is
a one pot dish made with rice noodles, eggs, tofu, garlicky chicken or shrimp,
fresh chopped chives and tossed in a Thai sauce with peanuts Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Pad Thai Noodles Chicken

350

It is a one pot dish made with rice noodles, eggs, tofu, garlicky chicken or
shrimp, fresh chopped chives and tossed in a Thai sauce with peanuts

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Pad Thai Noodles Veg. Costs: 250 rupees, Description: Pad Thai
is a popular Thai stir-fry dish made using flat rice noodles, an array of
vegetables, meat or seafood, and garlic Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Pad Thai Noodles Veg

250

Pad Thai is a popular Thai stir-fry dish made using flat rice noodles, an
array of vegetables, meat or seafood, and garlic

Unavailable

Veg Item. Pan Fried Noodles Veg. Costs: 250 rupees, Description: Crisp pan
fried noodles topped with vegetables in schezwan sauce. Crisp and hot! Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Pan Fried Noodles Veg

250

Crisp pan fried noodles topped with vegetables in schezwan sauce. Crisp and
hot!

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Rice & Noodles Shanghai Style Chicken. Costs: 280 rupees,
Description: Shanghai Noodles (Cu Chao Mian) These Chinese fried noodles
feature thinly sliced pork, cabbage, garlic, ginger, green onions, and a sauce
that will make your mouth water! Quick and easy to make, they're perfect for a
weeknight meal Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Rice& Noodles Shanghai Style Chicken

280

Shanghai Noodles (Cu Chao Mian) These Chinese fried noodles feature thinly
sliced pork, cabbage, garlic, ginger, green onions, and a sauce that will make
your mouth water! Quick and easy to make, they're perfect for a weeknight meal

Unavailable

Veg Item. Rice & Noodles Shanghal Style Veg. Costs: 220 rupees, Description:
Shanghai fried noodles is a dish made from Shanghai-style noodles, which can
be found in most Chinese food markets. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Rice& Noodles Shanghal Style Veg

220

Shanghai fried noodles is a dish made from Shanghai-style noodles, which can
be found in most Chinese food markets.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Singapore Style Noodles Chicken. Costs: 280 rupees, Description:
Singapore-style noodles is a dish of stir-fried cooked rice vermicelli, curry
powder, vegetables, scrambled eggs and meat, most commonly chicken Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Singapore Style Noodles Chicken

280

Singapore-style noodles is a dish of stir-fried cooked rice vermicelli, curry
powder, vegetables, scrambled eggs and meat, most commonly chicken

Unavailable

Veg Item. Singapore Style Noodles Veg. Costs: 180 rupees, Description: In this
recipe for Singapore Noodles, rice noodles are stir-fried in a wok with
vegetables, seasoned with madras curry powder. Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Singapore Style Noodles Veg

180

In this recipe for Singapore Noodles, rice noodles are stir-fried in a wok
with vegetables, seasoned with madras curry powder.

Unavailable

## Momo Burger Veg

4 items

Veg Item. Chilly Paneer. Costs: 79 rupees, Description: Chilli paneer filled
burger, to give your taste buds an experience they never had. Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Chilly Paneer

79

Chilli paneer filled burger, to give your taste buds an experience they never
had.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Chilly Paneer Momo Burger. Costs: 79 rupees, Description: Momos
filled burger, to give your taste buds an experience they never had. Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilly Paneer Momo Burger

79

Momos filled burger, to give your taste buds an experience they never had.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Paneer Momo Burger. Costs: 79 rupees, Description: Momos filled
burger, to give your taste buds an experience they never had. Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Paneer Momo Burger

79

Momos filled burger, to give your taste buds an experience they never had.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Momo Burger. Costs: 69 rupees, Description: Momos filled burger,
to give your taste buds an experience they never had. Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Veg Momo Burger

69

Momos filled burger, to give your taste buds an experience they never had.

Unavailable

## Momo Burger Non-veg

5 items

Non-veg item. Chicken Momo Burger. Costs: 89 rupees, Description: Chicken
momos filled burger, to give your taste buds an experience they never had
before. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Momo Burger

89

Chicken momos filled burger, to give your taste buds an experience they never
had before.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chili Chicken Momo Burger. Costs: 99 rupees, Description: Chilli
Chicken momos filled burger, to give your taste buds an experience they never
had before. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chili Chicken Momo Burger

99

Chilli Chicken momos filled burger, to give your taste buds an experience they
never had before.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chilli Chicken Burger. Costs: 99 rupees, Description: Chilli
Chicken filled burger, to give your taste buds an experience they never had
before. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chilli Chicken Burger

99

Chilli Chicken filled burger, to give your taste buds an experience they never
had before.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Crispy Chicken Burger. Costs: 99 rupees, Description: Crispy
Chicken filled burger, to give your taste buds an experience they never had
before. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Crispy Chicken Burger

99

Crispy Chicken filled burger, to give your taste buds an experience they never
had before.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Mutton Momo Burger. Costs: 189 rupees, Description: Mutton momos
filled burger, to give your taste buds an experience they never had before.
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Mutton Momo Burger

189

Mutton momos filled burger, to give your taste buds an experience they never
had before.

Unavailable

## Veg Meal Bowl

11 items

Veg Item. Burmese Veg Khao Suey Bowl. Costs: 250 rupees, Description: Burmese
Khow Suey- noodle dish with coconut milk soup and served with an assortment of
toppings like fried garlic, fried onion, cilantro etc . Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Burmese Veg Khao Suey Bowl

250

Burmese Khow Suey- noodle dish with coconut milk soup and served with an
assortment of toppings like fried garlic, fried onion, cilantro etc .

Unavailable

Veg Item. Kung Pao Paneer Bowl. Costs: 250 rupees, Description: Kung Pao
Paneer is an Indo-Chinese recipe. If you're a paneer fan, then you're surely
going to love this combo. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Kung Pao Paneer Bowl

250

Kung Pao Paneer is an Indo-Chinese recipe. If you're a paneer fan, then you're
surely going to love this combo.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Moi Classic Paneer Meal Bowl. Costs: 250 rupees, Description: Tender
chunks of fried paneer bursting with the flavours of traditional South Indian
spices and curry leaves. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Moi Classic Paneer Meal Bowl

250

Tender chunks of fried paneer bursting with the flavours of traditional South
Indian spices and curry leaves.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Three Papper Paneer Bowl. Costs: 250 rupees, Description: Three
pepper Chilli Paneer is the most popular vegetarian recipe of ... Transfer
into a serving dish, sprinkle chilli flakes Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Three Papper Paneer Bowl

250

Three pepper Chilli Paneer is the most popular vegetarian recipe of ...
Transfer into a serving dish, sprinkle chilli flakes

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Bangkok Bowl. Costs: 250 rupees, Description: Bangkok Coconut
Curry Noodle Bowl Recipe is delicious and rich bowl filled with slurpy noodles
and vegetables dunk in spicy coconut curry. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Bangkok Bowl

250

Bangkok Coconut Curry Noodle Bowl Recipe is delicious and rich bowl filled
with slurpy noodles and vegetables dunk in spicy coconut curry.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Grren Curry Bowl. Costs: 250 rupees, Description: Vegetarian
Green Curry Budha Bowl with brown rice, red cabbage, broccoli, ... ideal
hearty vehicle to carry a motherload of veggies into this dinner recipe. Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Grren Curry Bowl

250

Vegetarian Green Curry Budha Bowl with brown rice, red cabbage, broccoli, ...
ideal hearty vehicle to carry a motherload of veggies into this dinner recipe.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Manchurian Bowl. Costs: 250 rupees, Description: It is generally
made and served as a side dish to the fried rice or noodles recipe, but can
also be served as party starter or appetiser. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Manchurian Bowl

250

It is generally made and served as a side dish to the fried rice or noodles
recipe, but can also be served as party starter or appetiser.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Red Thai Curry Meal Bowl. Costs: 250 rupees, Description:
Gluten-Free & Vegan Thai Curry Bowls! Layers of rice, mango, kale, carrots,
peppers covered in the BEST red curry thai sauce! Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Veg Red Thai Curry Meal Bowl

250

Gluten-Free & Vegan Thai Curry Bowls! Layers of rice, mango, kale, carrots,
peppers covered in the BEST red curry thai sauce!

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Schezwan Pan Fried Noodles Bowl. Costs: 250 rupees, Description:
Stir fried noodles packed with crunchy bits of vegetable and flavored with
chinese sauce serve with chilli viniger Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Schezwan Pan Fried Noodles Bowl

250

Stir fried noodles packed with crunchy bits of vegetable and flavored with
chinese sauce serve with chilli viniger

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Veg Shangai Bowl. Costs: 250 rupees, Description: Chicken
Shanghai Bowl Shredded chicken cooked in Chinese spices and chilli oil served
with rice Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Shangai Bowl

250

Chicken Shanghai Bowl Shredded chicken cooked in Chinese spices and chilli oil
served with rice

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Veg Soggy Basil Bowl Thai Claasic. Costs: 250 rupees,
Description: Chicken Soggy Basil Bowl (thai Classic) Minced chicken cooked
with thai basil and fresh red chillies. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Soggy Basil Bowl Thai Claasic

250

Chicken Soggy Basil Bowl (thai Classic) Minced chicken cooked with thai basil
and fresh red chillies.

Unavailable

## Non Veg Meal Bowl

11 items

Non-veg item. Burmese Chicken Khao Suey Bowl. Costs: 280 rupees, Description:
A warm bowl of tender noodles and chicken cooked in creamy coconut curry broth
makes this a hearty and comforting meal. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Burmese Chicken Khao Suey Bowl

280

A warm bowl of tender noodles and chicken cooked in creamy coconut curry broth
makes this a hearty and comforting meal.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Bangkok Bowl. Costs: 240 rupees, Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Chicken Bangkok Bowl

240

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Manchurian Bowl. Costs: 240 rupees, Description: Made
from authentic Chinese flavors, this dish is a must try! Chicken manchurian is
a dish relished by all age groups as a starter dish at parties. Fried chicken
balls cooked in a spicy sauce batter, onions and served with steamed rice or
hakka noodles. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Manchurian Bowl

240

Made from authentic Chinese flavors, this dish is a must try! Chicken
manchurian is a dish relished by all age groups as a starter dish at parties.
Fried chicken balls cooked in a spicy sauce batter, onions and served with
steamed rice or hakka noodles.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Schezwan Pan Fried Noodls Bowl. Costs: 240 rupees, Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Schezwan Pan Fried Noodls Bowl

240

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Shanghai Bowl. Costs: 240 rupees, Description: It is
cooked with rice and chicken broth or water. The congee is then garnished with
fried garlic, scallions and pepper. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Shanghai Bowl

240

It is cooked with rice and chicken broth or water. The congee is then
garnished with fried garlic, scallions and pepper.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Soggy Basil Rice Bowl. Costs: 240 rupees, Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Soggy Basil Rice Bowl

240

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Thai Green Curry Bowl. Costs: 220 rupees, Description:
Green curry is a central Thai variety of curry.Green curry chicken is a good
source of protein, as well as vitamins and minerals. There are no carbs in
green curry chicken, but the dish is often high in fiber Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Thai Green Curry Bowl

220

Green curry is a central Thai variety of curry.Green curry chicken is a good
source of protein, as well as vitamins and minerals. There are no carbs in
green curry chicken, but the dish is often high in fiber

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Thai Red Curry Bowl. Costs: 240 rupees, Description:
Organic chicken breast, quinoa, cauliflower rice with ginger and cilantro,
peppers, red onion, kale and coconut red curry sauce. Dairy free and gluten
free. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Thai Red Curry Bowl

240

Organic chicken breast, quinoa, cauliflower rice with ginger and cilantro,
peppers, red onion, kale and coconut red curry sauce. Dairy free and gluten
free.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Kung Pao Chicken Bowl. Costs: 240 rupees, Description: Kung pao
chicken consists of fried, breaded chicken, peanuts, hot chillies, Sichuan
peppers and vegetables. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Kung Pao Chicken Bowl

240

Kung pao chicken consists of fried, breaded chicken, peanuts, hot chillies,
Sichuan peppers and vegetables.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Moi Classic Chicken Meal Bowl. Costs: 220 rupees, Description:
The Moi Soi Hot Garlic Sauce is made from an ingenious mix of flavourful .
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Moi Classic Chicken Meal Bowl

220

The Moi Soi Hot Garlic Sauce is made from an ingenious mix of flavourful .

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Three Pepper Chicken Bowl. Costs: 240 rupees, Description: The
consistency of Andhra pepper chicken is very thick and dry, this hot and rich
starter can be served on the side with rice and a bowl of rasam or sambar.
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Three Pepper Chicken Bowl

240

The consistency of Andhra pepper chicken is very thick and dry, this hot and
rich starter can be served on the side with rice and a bowl of rasam or
sambar.

Unavailable

## American Wraps Veg

5 items

Veg Item. Crispy Paneer Wrap. Costs: 180 rupees, Description: Paneer crispy is
an Indo-Chinese starter of crispy fried paneer tossed in garlic-flavored
little spicy, sweet, and sour sauce. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Crispy Paneer Wrap

180

Paneer crispy is an Indo-Chinese starter of crispy fried paneer tossed in
garlic-flavored little spicy, sweet, and sour sauce.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Crispy Veg Wrap. Costs: 150 rupees, Description: A perfect fast food
starter or appetizer recipe from the popular indo chinese street food pallet.
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Crispy Veg Wrap

150

A perfect fast food starter or appetizer recipe from the popular indo chinese
street food pallet.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Paneer Schezwan Wrap. Costs: 150 rupees, Description: Schezwan
paneer recipe is a Indo Chinese paneer starter which is a close variation to
the Chilli Paneer Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Paneer Schezwan Wrap

150

Schezwan paneer recipe is a Indo Chinese paneer starter which is a close
variation to the Chilli Paneer

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Paneer Tikka Wrap. Costs: 150 rupees, Description: Paneer tikka
is a North.Paneer tikka is an Indian dish made from chunks of paneer marinated
in spices and grilled in a tandoor. ... It is a vegetarian alternative to
chicken tikka Indian appetizer where chunks of paneer are marinated in spiced
yogurt and grilled in a Tandoor Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Paneer Tikka Wrap

150

Paneer tikka is a North.Paneer tikka is an Indian dish made from chunks of
paneer marinated in spices and grilled in a tandoor. ... It is a vegetarian
alternative to chicken tikka Indian appetizer where chunks of paneer are
marinated in spiced yogurt and grilled in a Tandoor

Unavailable

Veg Item. Vegetable Wraps. Costs: 150 rupees, Description: Vegetable wraps
made with whole wheat roti or tortilla. These can be served as a breakfast,
snack or for a meal. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Vegetable Wraps

150

Vegetable wraps made with whole wheat roti or tortilla. These can be served as
a breakfast, snack or for a meal.

Unavailable

## American Wraps Non-veg

6 items

Non-veg item. American Chicken Wrap. Costs: 180 rupees, Description: Tangy,
spicy and all-round yummy, this American Chicken Chopsuey recipe is perfect
for when you're craving classic Indo-Chinese Dishes. Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### American Chicken Wrap

180

Tangy, spicy and all-round yummy, this American Chicken Chopsuey recipe is
perfect for when you're craving classic Indo-Chinese Dishes.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Egg Wrap. Costs: 180 rupees, Description: Spread
tortillas with pesto. Top with baby spinach, fried chicken breasts, chopped
hard-boiled eggs, avocados, and feta cheese. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Egg Wrap

180

Spread tortillas with pesto. Top with baby spinach, fried chicken breasts,
chopped hard-boiled eggs, avocados, and feta cheese.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Momos Wrap. Costs: 180 rupees, Description: Chicken
Momos or steamed Chicken Dumplings is a popular Tibetan savoury dish. ... ease
mode with which the Tibetans do the wrapping. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Momos Wrap

180

Chicken Momos or steamed Chicken Dumplings is a popular Tibetan savoury dish.
... ease mode with which the Tibetans do the wrapping.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Tikka Wrap. Costs: 180 rupees, Description: Chicken
tikka is one of the most popular chicken starter or appetizer from Indian
Cuisine.Chicken Tikka is chicken pieces marinated and then grilled. It is a
dry dish which can be served as an appetizer or snack. Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Chicken Tikka Wrap

180

Chicken tikka is one of the most popular chicken starter or appetizer from
Indian Cuisine.Chicken Tikka is chicken pieces marinated and then grilled. It
is a dry dish which can be served as an appetizer or snack.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Crispy Chicken Wrap. Costs: 200 rupees, Description: The perfect
fried chicken is crispy on the outside, with a flavourful crust that contrasts
and complements the tender chicken it contains. Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Crispy Chicken Wrap

200

The perfect fried chicken is crispy on the outside, with a flavourful crust
that contrasts and complements the tender chicken it contains.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Egg Wrap. Costs: 150 rupees, Description: Egg Wraps are made
from frozen plain eggs.Enjoy these protein-rich egg wraps filled with
mushrooms and tomatoes for a quick, filling and healthy breakfast. It provides
iron, folate and fibre. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Egg Wrap

150

Egg Wraps are made from frozen plain eggs.Enjoy these protein-rich egg wraps
filled with mushrooms and tomatoes for a quick, filling and healthy breakfast.
It provides iron, folate and fibre.

Unavailable

## Desserts

5 items

Veg Item. Chocolate Pastry. Costs: 125 rupees, Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Chocolate Pastry

125

Unavailable

Veg Item. Mango Cheese Cake. Costs: 125 rupees, Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Mango Cheese Cake

125

Unavailable

Veg Item. Red Velvet Pastry. Costs: 125 rupees, Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Red Velvet Pastry

125

Unavailable

Veg Item. Molten Choco Lava. Costs: 125 rupees, Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Molten Choco Lava

125

Unavailable

Veg Item. New York Cheese Cake. Costs: 125 rupees, Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### New York Cheese Cake

125

Unavailable

Address

ug-17-18, tulip mall , b 156a , sector 46 , SECTOR-46 NOIDA, NOIDA CITY
ZONE-4, Gautam Buddha Nagar , Uttar Pradesh - 201301

Cuisines

Chinese,Combo

  * License No. 22721925001113

Company

  * About us
  * Team
  * Careers
  * Swiggy Blog
  * Bug Bounty
  * Swiggy One
  * Swiggy Corporate
  * Swiggy Instamart

Contact

  * Help & Support
  * Partner with us
  * Ride with us

Legal

  * Terms & Conditions
  * Refund & Cancellation
  * Privacy Policy
  * Cookie Policy
  * Offer Terms
  * Phishing & Fraud
  * Corporate – Swiggy Money Codes Terms and Conditions
  * Corporate - Swiggy Discount Voucher Terms and Conditions

#### WE DELIVER TO

  * abohar
  * adilabad
  * adityapur
  * adoni
  * agartala
  * agra
  * ahmedabad
  * ahmednagar
  * aizawl
  * ajmer
  * akola
  * alappuzha
  * aligarh
  * alipurduar
  * allahabad
  * almora
  * alwar
  * amalapuram
  * ambala
  * ambikapur
  * ambur
  * amravati
  * amreli
  * amritsar
  * anand
  * anantapur
  * angul
  * ankleshwar
  * arakkonam
  * arambagh
  * arrah
  * aruppukottai
  * asansol
  * aurangabad
  * aurangabad_bihar
  * azamgarh
  * baddi
  * bagalkot
  * bagdogra
  * bagula
  * bahadurgarh
  * bahraich
  * balaghat
  * balangir
  * balasore
  * ballari
  * balrampur
  * balurghat
  * banda
  * bangalore
  * bankabihar
  * bankura
  * bantwal
  * bapatlachirala
  * baramati
  * baran
  * baraut
  * bardhaman
  * bardoli
  * bareilly
  * barh
  * baripada
  * barmer
  * barnala
  * barshi
  * barwani
  * basirhat
  * basti
  * batala
  * bathinda
  * beawar
  * beed
  * begusarai
  * bela-pratapgarh
  * belgaum
  * berhampore
  * berhampur
  * bettiah
  * betul
  * bhadohi
  * bhadrachalam
  * bhadrak
  * bhadravati
  * bhagalpur
  * bhandara
  * bharabanki
  * bharatpur
  * bharuch
  * bhatkal
  * bhavnagar
  * bhawanipatna
  * bhilai
  * bhilwara
  * bhimavaram
  * bhind
  * bhiwadi
  * bhiwani
  * bhopal
  * bhubaneswar
  * bhuj
  * bhusawal
  * bidar
  * biharsharif
  * bijapur
  * bijnor
  * bikaner
  * bilaspur
  * bilaspur-hp
  * bilimora
  * biswanath-chariali
  * bodhan-rural
  * bodinayakanur
  * boisar
  * bokaro
  * bolpur
  * bongaigaon
  * bongaon
  * budaun
  * budhwal
  * bulandshahr
  * buldana
  * bundi
  * burhanpur
  * buxar
  * central-goa
  * chaibasa
  * chakdaha
  * chalakkudy
  * chalisgaon
  * chandausi
  * chandigarh
  * chandrapur
  * changanassery
  * charkhi-dadri_perm_closed_8june22
  * chengannur
  * chennai
  * cherthala
  * chhapra
  * chhatarpur
  * chhindwara
  * chidambaram
  * chikhli
  * chikkaballapur
  * chikmagalur
  * chiplun
  * chitradurga
  * chittoor
  * chittorgarh
  * chopda
  * churu
  * coimbatore
  * cooch-behar
  * cuddalore
  * cuttack
  * dahanu
  * dahod
  * daltonganj
  * daman

  * darbhanga
  * darjeeling
  * daund
  * dausa
  * davanagere
  * dehradun
  * dehri
  * delhi
  * deoghar
  * dewas
  * dhanbad
  * dhar
  * dharamshala
  * dharapuram
  * dharmapuri
  * dharwad
  * dhoraji
  * dhule
  * dibrugarh
  * digboi
  * dimapur
  * dindigul
  * diu
  * doddaballapura
  * duliajan
  * dumka
  * dungarpur
  * durgapur
  * eluru
  * erode
  * etah
  * etawah
  * faizabad
  * faridabad
  * faridkot
  * farrukhabad
  * fatehabad
  * fatehgarh-sahib
  * fatehpur
  * fazilka
  * firozabad
  * firozpur
  * freelancer
  * gadag-betigeri
  * gadwal
  * gandhidham
  * gangapur-city
  * gangarampur
  * gangtok
  * gauriganj
  * gaya
  * giridih
  * godhra
  * gokak
  * golaghat
  * gonda
  * gondal
  * gondia
  * gopalganj
  * gorakhpur
  * gudivada
  * guna
  * guntakal
  * guntur
  * gurdaspur
  * gurgaon
  * guwahati
  * gwalior
  * habra
  * hajipur
  * haldia
  * haldwani
  * halol
  * hampi
  * hansi
  * hanumangarh
  * hapur
  * hardoi
  * haridwar
  * hassan
  * hathras
  * himmatnagar
  * hindaun
  * hinganghat
  * hisar
  * hoshangabad
  * hoshiarpur
  * hospet
  * hosur
  * hubli
  * hyderabad
  * ichalkaranji
  * idukki
  * indore
  * irinjalakuda
  * itanagar
  * itarsi
  * jabalpur
  * jagdalpur
  * jagraon
  * jagtial
  * jahanabad
  * jaigaon
  * jaipur
  * jalandhar
  * jalaun
  * jalgaon
  * jalpaiguri
  * jammu
  * jamnagar
  * jamshedpur
  * jaunpur
  * jhalawar
  * jhansi
  * jhargram
  * jhunjhunu
  * jind
  * jodhpur
  * jorhat
  * junagadh
  * kadapa
  * kadayanallur
  * kadiri
  * kaithal
  * kakinada
  * kalaburagi
  * kalady
  * kalna
  * kamareddy
  * kanchrapara
  * kannauj
  * kannur
  * kanpur
  * kanyakumari
  * kapurthala
  * karad
  * karaikkudi
  * karimnagar
  * karnal
  * karunagappaly
  * karur
  * karwar
  * kasaragod
  * kashipur
  * katihar
  * katni
  * kavali
  * kayamkulam
  * kendrapada
  * kendujhar
  * khalilabad
  * khamgaon
  * khammam
  * khandwa
  * khanna
  * kharagpur
  * khopoli
  * kishanganj

  * kishangarh
  * kochi
  * kodaikanal
  * kohima
  * kolar
  * kolhapur
  * kolkata
  * kollam
  * kopargaon
  * koppal
  * korba
  * kota
  * kotdwar
  * kothagudem
  * kothamanagalam
  * kottakkal
  * kottarakkara
  * kottayam
  * kovilpatti
  * kozhikode
  * krishnagiri
  * krishnanagar
  * kumarakom
  * kumbakonam
  * kumta
  * kundapura
  * kunnamkullam
  * kurnool
  * kurukshetra
  * kushalnagar
  * lakhimpur
  * lalitpur
  * latur
  * lonavala
  * lonavla
  * lucknow
  * ludhiana
  * machilipatnam
  * madanapalle
  * madhubani
  * madikeri
  * madurai
  * mahabaleshwar
  * mahbubnagar
  * mahoba
  * malappuram
  * malda
  * malegaon
  * malout
  * manali
  * mancherial
  * mandi-dabwali
  * mandi-gobindgarh
  * mandi-hp
  * mandsaur
  * mandya
  * mangaluru
  * manipal
  * manjeri
  * mannargudi
  * mansa
  * markapur
  * mathura
  * maunath-bhanjan
  * mayiladuthurai
  * medinipur
  * meerut
  * mehsana
  * mettupalayam
  * miryalaguda
  * mirzapur
  * modinagar
  * moga
  * moodbidri
  * moradabad
  * morbi
  * morena
  * motihari
  * mount-abu
  * mughalsarai
  * mukerian
  * muktsar
  * mumbai
  * munger
  * murshidabad
  * mussoorie
  * muvattupuzha
  * muzaffarnagar
  * muzaffarpur
  * mysore
  * nabadwip
  * nadiad
  * nagaon
  * nagapattinam
  * nagda
  * nagercoil
  * nagpur
  * nagur
  * naharlagun
  * nainital
  * nalbari
  * nalgonda
  * namakkal
  * nanded
  * nandurbar
  * nandyal
  * nangal
  * naraingarh
  * narasaraopet
  * narnaul
  * narsinghpur
  * narsipatnam
  * nashik
  * navsari
  * neemuch
  * nellore
  * neyveli
  * nipani
  * nirmal
  * nizamabad
  * noida
  * noida-1
  * north-goa
  * ongole
  * ooty
  * orai
  * osmanabad
  * pala
  * palakkad
  * palakollu
  * palampur
  * palani
  * palanpur
  * palghar
  * pali
  * palwal
  * panchgani
  * panipat
  * paramakudi
  * parbhani
  * pathankot
  * patiala
  * patna
  * pattukkottai
  * payyannur
  * perambalur
  * perinthalmanna
  * phagwara
  * phusro
  * pilani
  * pilibhit
  * pinjore-city
  * pondicherry
  * porbandar
  * port-blair
  * pratapgarh
  * proddatur
  * pudukkottai

  * pune
  * puri
  * purnea
  * purulia
  * pusad
  * puttur
  * puttur-karnataka
  * rae-bareli
  * raghunathpur
  * raichur
  * raiganj
  * raigarh
  * raipur
  * rajahmundry
  * rajapalayam
  * rajgarh
  * rajkot
  * rajnandgaon
  * rajsamand
  * ramagundam
  * ramanagara
  * ramanathapuram
  * ramgarh
  * rampur
  * ranaghat
  * ranaghat-wb
  * ranchi
  * rangpo
  * ranibennur
  * raniganj
  * ratlam
  * ratnagiri
  * ravulapalem
  * rayachoty
  * rewa
  * rewari
  * rishikesh
  * rohtak
  * roorkee
  * ropar
  * rourkela
  * rudrapur
  * sagar
  * saharanpur
  * saharsa
  * salem
  * samastipur
  * sambalpur
  * sangamner
  * sangli
  * sangrur
  * santipur
  * sasaram
  * satara
  * satna
  * sawai-madhopur
  * sawantwadi
  * sehore
  * shahdol
  * shahjahanpur
  * shamli
  * shikohabad
  * shillong
  * shimla
  * shirdi-city
  * shivamogga
  * shivpuri
  * shravasti
  * shrirampur
  * siddipet
  * sikar
  * silchar
  * siliguri
  * silvassa
  * sindhanur
  * singrauli
  * sirkali
  * sirsa
  * sirsi
  * sitamarhi
  * sitapur
  * sivakasi
  * sivasagar
  * siwan
  * solan
  * solapur
  * sonipat
  * south-goa
  * sri-ganganagar
  * srikakulam
  * srivilliputhur
  * sultanpur
  * surat
  * suratgarh
  * surendranagar-dudhrej
  * suri
  * suryapet
  * tadepalligudem
  * tadpatri
  * tanuku
  * tarn-taran-sahib
  * tenkasi
  * tezpur
  * thalassery
  * thanjavur
  * theni
  * thiruvalla
  * thiruvallur
  * thiruvananthapuram
  * thiruvarur
  * thodupuzha
  * thoothukudi
  * thoubal
  * thrissur
  * tindivanam
  * tinsukia
  * tiptur
  * tirunelveli
  * tirupati
  * tirupur
  * tiruttani
  * tiruvannamalai
  * tohana
  * trichy
  * tumakuru
  * tuni
  * udaipur
  * udgir
  * udhampur
  * ujjain
  * uluberia
  * unnao
  * uran-islampur
  * vadodara
  * valsad
  * vapi
  * varanasi
  * varkala
  * vellore
  * veraval
  * vidisha
  * vijayawada
  * viluppuram
  * virudhunagar
  * visnagar
  * vizag
  * vizianagaram
  * vyara
  * waidhan
  * warangal
  * wardha
  * washim
  * wayanad
  * yamuna-nagar
  * yavatmal

© 2022 Swiggy

