https://www.swiggy.com/restaurants/the-shanghai-spices-geddalahalli-bangalore-484760


Set locationClick to Choose Location

  * 0Cart

  * Sign In

  * Help

HomeBangaloreGeddalahalliThe Shanghai Spices

# The Shanghai Spices

\--Closed₹ 500 for two

Opens next at 11:30 am, todayChinese, Seafood

Geddalahalli, Geddalahalli

  

\--

Too Few Ratings

Closed

For Delivery

₹ 500

Cost for two

Offer

50% off up to ₹100 + Flat ₹30 cashback with Paytm | Use code WELCOME50

Favourite

Veg Only

Momos

Starters

Veg

Chicken

Seafood

Gravy

Veg

Chicken

Seafood

Noodles

Veg

Non-veg

Wontons

Fried Rice

Veg

Non-veg

Soups

Veg Soups

Non-veg Soups

## Momos

5 items

Veg Item. Vegetables Momo Chilli. Costs: 170 rupees, Description: (8 pieces)
fried dumplings with minced mix vegetables stuffing, tossed in spicy schezwan
sauce. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Vegetables Momo Chilli

170

Unavailable

(8 pieces) fried dumplings with minced mix vegetables stuffing, tossed in
spicy schezwan sauce.

Veg Item. Vegetables Steamed Momos. Costs: 130 rupees, Description: (8
pieces)steamed flour dumplings with spicy veg filling. Minced
cabbage,carrots,capsicum, spring onions and flavorful spices are used as
stuffing. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Vegetables Steamed Momos

130

Unavailable

(8 pieces)steamed flour dumplings with spicy veg filling. Minced
cabbage,carrots,capsicum, spring onions and flavorful spices are used as
stuffing.

Non-veg item. Chicken Steamed Momos. Costs: 150 rupees, Description: (8
pieces) steamed dumplings filled with juicy stuffing of minced chicken,mixed
vegetables and flavorful spices. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Steamed Momos

150

Unavailable

(8 pieces) steamed dumplings filled with juicy stuffing of minced
chicken,mixed vegetables and flavorful spices.

Non-veg item. Chicken Momo Chilli. Costs: 190 rupees, Description: (8 pieces)
crispy fried momos wok tossed in schezwan sauce. Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Chicken Momo Chilli

190

(8 pieces) crispy fried momos wok tossed in schezwan sauce.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Fried Momos. Costs: 170 rupees, Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Chicken Fried Momos

170

Unavailable

## Starters

### Veg

11 items

Veg Item. Paneer Butter Garlic And Pepper. Costs: 200 rupees, Description:
Tender,juicy paneer batter fried to crisp and cooked in mild spicy butter
garlic sauce with assorted pepper and spices. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Paneer Butter Garlic And Pepper

200

Tender,juicy paneer batter fried to crisp and cooked in mild spicy butter
garlic sauce with assorted pepper and spices.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Crispy Babycorn Manchurianr. Costs: 150 rupees, Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Crispy Babycorn Manchurianr

150

Unavailable

Veg Item. Stir Fried Vegetables . Costs: 200 rupees, Description: A healthy
option. There is much to love about this chinese vegetable stir-fry: meaty
shiitake mushrooms,tender babycorns,fresh green veggies(chinese cabbage and
bakchoi), crunchy broccoli, sweet bell peppers, and a gingery garlicky sauce.
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Stir Fried Vegetables

200

A healthy option. There is much to love about this chinese vegetable stir-fry:
meaty shiitake mushrooms,tender babycorns,fresh green veggies(chinese cabbage
and bakchoi), crunchy broccoli, sweet bell peppers, and a gingery garlicky
sauce.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Paneer Butter And Red Chilli Flakes. Costs: 200 rupees, Description:
An extremely popular indo chinese recipe made with paneer cubes , diced onions
and capsicums. The recipe is known for its chilli flavour with the creaminess
of paneer and spice of indo chinese sauce. It is an ideal party starter or an
appetiser which can also be shared as a side dish with fried rice or noodles.
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Paneer Butter And Red Chilli Flakes

200

An extremely popular indo chinese recipe made with paneer cubes , diced onions
and capsicums. The recipe is known for its chilli flavour with the creaminess
of paneer and spice of indo chinese sauce. It is an ideal party starter or an
appetiser which can also be shared as a side dish with fried rice or noodles.

Unavailable

Veg Item. Crispy Corn Mild Pepper And Garlic. Costs: 160 rupees, Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Crispy Corn Mild Pepper And Garlic

160

Unavailable

Veg Item. Crispy Vegetable Pepper Salt . Costs: 140 rupees, Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Crispy Vegetable Pepper Salt

140

Unavailable

Veg Item. Schewan Crispy Babycorn. Costs: 130 rupees, Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Schewan Crispy Babycorn

130

Unavailable

Veg Item. Mushroom Pepper Salt . Costs: 140 rupees, Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Mushroom Pepper Salt

140

Unavailable

Veg Item. Mushroom Chilli . Costs: 140 rupees, Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Mushroom Chilli

140

Unavailable

Veg Item. Crispy Chilli Potato. Costs: 110 rupees, Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Crispy Chilli Potato

110

Unavailable

Veg Item. Gobi Manchurian Chilli. Costs: 110 rupees, Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Gobi Manchurian Chilli

110

Unavailable

### Chicken

9 items

Non-veg item. Honey Chilli Chicken. Costs: 240 rupees, Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Honey Chilli Chicken

240

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Stir Fried Chicken With Chinese Greens. Costs: 250 rupees, Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Stir Fried Chicken With Chinese Greens

250

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Drums Of Heaven. Costs: 220 rupees, Description: A slight twist
to your ordinary chicken lollipop, this chicken wings fried and tossed in
schezwan sauce is a famous appetizer. The sauce make the chicken more
succulent. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Drums Of Heaven

220

A slight twist to your ordinary chicken lollipop, this chicken wings fried and
tossed in schezwan sauce is a famous appetizer. The sauce make the chicken
more succulent.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Pepper Salt Chicken. Costs: 220 rupees, Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Pepper Salt Chicken

220

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Supreme Chicken With Celery And Pepper. Costs: 230 rupees,
Description: Supreme chicken, the magical combination of chicken, green
celery, onions,capsicums and classical spices is a sure winner on your table!
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Supreme Chicken With Celery And Pepper

230

Supreme chicken, the magical combination of chicken, green celery,
onions,capsicums and classical spices is a sure winner on your table!

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Lemon Chicken Crushed Pepper. Costs: 200 rupees, Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Lemon Chicken Crushed Pepper

200

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Jiang Chilli Chickem. Costs: 230 rupees, Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Jiang Chilli Chickem

230

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Diced Chicken And Assorted Pepper And Ginger. Costs: 210 rupees,
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Diced Chicken And Assorted Pepper And Ginger

210

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Taipei Chicken. Costs: 200 rupees, Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Taipei Chicken

200

Unavailable

### Seafood

6 items

Non-veg item. Prawns With Mild Pepper Cross Red Chilli. Costs: 320 rupees,
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Prawns With Mild Pepper Cross Red Chilli

320

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Crispy Honey Chilli Prawns. Costs: 340 rupees, Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Crispy Honey Chilli Prawns

340

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Spicy Hunan Prawns . Costs: 300 rupees, Description: A fiery
spicy shrimp dish that gets its flavor from garlic, peppercorns,minced
onions,chopped garlic, chili paste, and rice vinegar. This one is salty,
spicy, and will surely satisfy your taste buds. Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Spicy Hunan Prawns

300

A fiery spicy shrimp dish that gets its flavor from garlic, peppercorns,minced
onions,chopped garlic, chili paste, and rice vinegar. This one is salty,
spicy, and will surely satisfy your taste buds.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Pepper Garlic Fish With Chinese Greens. Costs: 320 rupees, Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Pepper Garlic Fish With Chinese Greens

320

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Fish With Chilli And Basil. Costs: 280 rupees, Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Fish With Chilli And Basil

280

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Sliced Fish Hunan Schezwan Dry. Costs: 320 rupees, Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Sliced Fish Hunan Schezwan Dry

320

Unavailable

## Gravy

### Veg

3 items

Veg Item. Four Treasure Vegetable In Spicy Hunan Sauce. Costs: 150 rupees,
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Four Treasure Vegetable In Spicy Hunan Sauce

150

Unavailable

Veg Item. Vegetable Dumplings In Chilli Soya Sauce. Costs: 150 rupees, Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Vegetable Dumplings In Chilli Soya Sauce

150

Unavailable

Veg Item. Seasonal Vegetables In Chinese Parsley Sauce. Costs: 160 rupees,
Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Seasonal Vegetables In Chinese Parsley Sauce

160

Unavailable

### Chicken

6 items

Non-veg item. Chicken In Chilli Sauce. Costs: 220 rupees, Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Chicken In Chilli Sauce

220

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken In Manchurian Sauce. Costs: 200 rupees, Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken In Manchurian Sauce

200

Unavailable

Non-veg item. General Tao's Chicken . Costs: 230 rupees, Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### General Tao's Chicken

230

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Diced Chicken In Devil's Sauce. Costs: 210 rupees, Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Diced Chicken In Devil's Sauce

210

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Tsing Hoi Chicken. Costs: 220 rupees, Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Tsing Hoi Chicken

220

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Shredded Chicken In Hunan Sauce. Costs: 210 rupees, Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Shredded Chicken In Hunan Sauce

210

Unavailable

### Seafood

6 items

Non-veg item. Fish In Pepper Garlic Sauce. Costs: 310 rupees, Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Fish In Pepper Garlic Sauce

310

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Fish With Greens In White Garlic Sauce. Costs: 340 rupees, Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Fish With Greens In White Garlic Sauce

340

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Hot Garlic Fish. Costs: 310 rupees, Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Hot Garlic Fish

310

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Sliced Fish In Hunan Schezwan Sauce. Costs: 320 rupees, Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Sliced Fish In Hunan Schezwan Sauce

320

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Kung Pao Prawns . Costs: 310 rupees, Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Kung Pao Prawns

310

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Stir Fried Prawns With Greens. Costs: 310 rupees, Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Stir Fried Prawns With Greens

310

Unavailable

## Noodles

### Veg

5 items

Veg Item. Paneer Noodles Butter Chilli Garlic. Costs: 160 rupees, Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Paneer Noodles Butter Chilli Garlic

160

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Noodles In Spicy Tomato Sauce. Costs: 130 rupees, Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Noodles In Spicy Tomato Sauce

130

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Butter Chilli Garlic Noodles. Costs: 130 rupees, Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Veg Butter Chilli Garlic Noodles

130

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Schezwan Noodles. Costs: 130 rupees, Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Veg Schezwan Noodles

130

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Hakka Noodles. Costs: 120 rupees, Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Veg Hakka Noodles

120

Unavailable

### Non-veg

6 items

Non-veg item. Mixed Butter Chilli Garlic Noodles. Costs: 199 rupees,
Description: Fish,prawns,chicken,egg Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Mixed Butter Chilli Garlic Noodles

199

Fish,prawns,chicken,egg

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Mixed Noodles. Costs: 190 rupees, Description:
Fish,prawns,chicken,egg Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Mixed Noodles

190

Unavailable

Fish,prawns,chicken,egg

Non-veg item. Chicken Noodles In Spicy Tomato Sauce. Costs: 150 rupees, Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Noodles In Spicy Tomato Sauce

150

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Butter Chilli Garlic Noodles. Costs: 150 rupees, Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Butter Chilli Garlic Noodles

150

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Schezwan Noodles . Costs: 150 rupees, Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Schezwan Noodles

150

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Hakka Noodles . Costs: 140 rupees, Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Hakka Noodles

140

Unavailable

## Wontons

2 items

Non-veg item. Chicken Fried Wonton. Costs: 130 rupees, Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Chicken Fried Wonton

130

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Fried Wonton. Costs: 110 rupees, Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Veg Fried Wonton

110

Unavailable

## Fried Rice

### Veg

8 items

Veg Item. Jeera Rice. Costs: 110 rupees, Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Jeera Rice

110

Unavailable

Veg Item. Mix Vegetables Schezwan Fried Rice . Costs: 120 rupees, Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Mix Vegetables Schezwan Fried Rice

120

Unavailable

Veg Item. Mix Vegetables And Basil Fried Rice. Costs: 130 rupees, Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Mix Vegetables And Basil Fried Rice

130

Unavailable

Veg Item. Mix Vegetables Burnt Garlic Fried Rice. Costs: 120 rupees, Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Mix Vegetables Burnt Garlic Fried Rice

120

Unavailable

Veg Item. Mushroom Fried Rice. Costs: 120 rupees, Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Mushroom Fried Rice

120

Unavailable

Veg Item. Paneer Fried Rice. Costs: 120 rupees, Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Paneer Fried Rice

120

Unavailable

Veg Item. Ginger And Capsicum Fried Rice. Costs: 120 rupees, Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Ginger And Capsicum Fried Rice

120

Unavailable

Veg Item. Mix Vegetables Fried Rice. Costs: 110 rupees, Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Mix Vegetables Fried Rice

110

Unavailable

### Non-veg

6 items

Non-veg item. Mixed Fried Rice. Costs: 180 rupees, Description:
Fish,prawns,chicken ,egg Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Mixed Fried Rice

180

Unavailable

Fish,prawns,chicken ,egg

Non-veg item. Chicken Burnt Garlic Fried Rice. Costs: 140 rupees, Swipe right
to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Burnt Garlic Fried Rice

140

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken And Basil Fried Rice. Costs: 140 rupees, Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken And Basil Fried Rice

140

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Schezwan Fried Rice . Costs: 140 rupees, Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Schezwan Fried Rice

140

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Fried Rice. Costs: 130 rupees, Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Chicken Fried Rice

130

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Egg Fried Rice. Costs: 110 rupees, Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Egg Fried Rice

110

Unavailable

## Soups

### Veg Soups

6 items

Veg Item. Veg Thick Hakka Soup. Costs: 120 rupees, Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Veg Thick Hakka Soup

120

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Lemon Coriander Soup. Costs: 120 rupees, Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Veg Lemon Coriander Soup

120

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Manchow Soup. Costs: 120 rupees, Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Veg Manchow Soup

120

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Hot And Sour Soup. Costs: 120 rupees, Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Veg Hot And Sour Soup

120

Unavailable

Veg Item. Veg Pepper Lemon Soup. Costs: 120 rupees, Swipe right to add item to
cart.

 __

### Veg Pepper Lemon Soup

120

Unavailable

Veg Item. Clear Soup With Chinese Greens. Costs: 120 rupees, Description:
Clear soup is basically a rich flavored clear broth made using many chinese
green veggies(brocolli, bakchoi, carrot, chinese cabbage, mushroom) , spices,
and other flavorings. The ingredients are simmered for a long time resulting
in deep rich flavors. It is great to serve if you have a cold or fever. this
clear soup right here is just perfect, as it is neither too heavy on the
stomach nor it is too light. It is both filling and wholesome. Swipe right to
add item to cart.

 __

### Clear Soup With Chinese Greens

120

Unavailable

Clear soup is basically a rich flavored clear broth made using many chinese
green veggies(brocolli, bakchoi, carrot, chinese cabbage, mushroom) , spices,
and other flavorings. The ingredients are simmered for a long time resulting
in deep rich flavors. It is great to serve if you have a cold or fever. this
clear soup right here is just perfect, as it is neither too heavy on the
stomach nor it is too light. It is both filling and wholesome.

### Non-veg Soups

7 items

Non-veg item. Chicken Sweet Corn Soup. Costs: 120 rupees, Description: This
sweet corn soup is a creamy, light and comforting soup. It is full of sweet
corn, packed with veggies, and has the perfect amount of spices that are
guaranteed to delight your taste buds. Swipe right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Sweet Corn Soup

120

This sweet corn soup is a creamy, light and comforting soup. It is full of
sweet corn, packed with veggies, and has the perfect amount of spices that are
guaranteed to delight your taste buds.

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Thick Hakka Soup. Costs: 140 rupees, Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Thick Hakka Soup

140

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Lemon Coriander Thck Soup. Costs: 140 rupees, Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Lemon Coriander Thck Soup

140

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Manchow Soup. Costs: 140 rupees, Swipe right to add item
to cart.

 __

### Chicken Manchow Soup

140

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Hot And Sour Soup. Costs: 140 rupees, Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Hot And Sour Soup

140

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Pepper Lemon Soup. Costs: 140 rupees, Swipe right to add
item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Pepper Lemon Soup

140

Unavailable

Non-veg item. Chicken Clear Soup With Chinese Greens. Costs: 140 rupees, Swipe
right to add item to cart.

 __

### Chicken Clear Soup With Chinese Greens

140

Unavailable

Address

32, K Narayanapura Main Rd, Geddalahalli, Kothanur, Bengaluru, Karnataka
560077, India

Cuisines

Chinese,Seafood

  * License No. 21220187000995

Company

  * About us
  * Team
  * Careers
  * Swiggy Blog
  * Bug Bounty
  * Swiggy One
  * Swiggy Corporate
  * Swiggy Instamart

Contact

  * Help & Support
  * Partner with us
  * Ride with us

Legal

  * Terms & Conditions
  * Refund & Cancellation
  * Privacy Policy
  * Cookie Policy
  * Offer Terms
  * Phishing & Fraud
  * Corporate – Swiggy Money Codes Terms and Conditions
  * Corporate - Swiggy Discount Voucher Terms and Conditions

#### WE DELIVER TO

  * abohar
  * adilabad
  * adityapur
  * adoni
  * agartala
  * agra
  * ahmedabad
  * ahmednagar
  * aizawl
  * ajmer
  * akola
  * alappuzha
  * aligarh
  * alipurduar
  * allahabad
  * almora
  * alwar
  * amalapuram
  * ambala
  * ambikapur
  * ambur
  * amravati
  * amreli
  * amritsar
  * anand
  * anantapur
  * angul
  * ankleshwar
  * arakkonam
  * arambagh
  * arrah
  * aruppukottai
  * asansol
  * aurangabad
  * aurangabad_bihar
  * azamgarh
  * baddi
  * bagalkot
  * bagdogra
  * bagula
  * bahadurgarh
  * bahraich
  * balaghat
  * balangir
  * balasore
  * ballari
  * balrampur
  * balurghat
  * banda
  * bangalore
  * bankabihar
  * bankura
  * bantwal
  * bapatlachirala
  * baramati
  * baran
  * baraut
  * bardhaman
  * bardoli
  * bareilly
  * barh
  * baripada
  * barmer
  * barnala
  * barshi
  * barwani
  * basirhat
  * basti
  * batala
  * bathinda
  * beawar
  * beed
  * begusarai
  * bela-pratapgarh
  * belgaum
  * berhampore
  * berhampur
  * bettiah
  * betul
  * bhadohi
  * bhadrachalam
  * bhadrak
  * bhadravati
  * bhagalpur
  * bhandara
  * bharabanki
  * bharatpur
  * bharuch
  * bhatkal
  * bhavnagar
  * bhawanipatna
  * bhilai
  * bhilwara
  * bhimavaram
  * bhind
  * bhiwadi
  * bhiwani
  * bhopal
  * bhubaneswar
  * bhuj
  * bhusawal
  * bidar
  * biharsharif
  * bijapur
  * bijnor
  * bikaner
  * bilaspur
  * bilaspur-hp
  * bilimora
  * biswanath-chariali
  * bodhan-rural
  * bodinayakanur
  * boisar
  * bokaro
  * bolpur
  * bongaigaon
  * bongaon
  * budaun
  * budhwal
  * bulandshahr
  * buldana
  * bundi
  * burhanpur
  * buxar
  * central-goa
  * chaibasa
  * chakdaha
  * chalakkudy
  * chalisgaon
  * chandausi
  * chandigarh
  * chandrapur
  * changanassery
  * charkhi-dadri_perm_closed_8june22
  * chengannur
  * chennai
  * cherthala
  * chhapra
  * chhatarpur
  * chhindwara
  * chidambaram
  * chikhli
  * chikkaballapur
  * chikmagalur
  * chiplun
  * chitradurga
  * chittoor
  * chittorgarh
  * chopda
  * churu
  * coimbatore
  * cooch-behar
  * cuddalore
  * cuttack
  * dahanu
  * dahod
  * daltonganj
  * daman

  * darbhanga
  * darjeeling
  * daund
  * dausa
  * davanagere
  * dehradun
  * dehri
  * delhi
  * deoghar
  * dewas
  * dhanbad
  * dhar
  * dharamshala
  * dharapuram
  * dharmapuri
  * dharwad
  * dhoraji
  * dhule
  * dibrugarh
  * digboi
  * dimapur
  * dindigul
  * diu
  * doddaballapura
  * duliajan
  * dumka
  * dungarpur
  * durgapur
  * eluru
  * erode
  * etah
  * etawah
  * faizabad
  * faridabad
  * faridkot
  * farrukhabad
  * fatehabad
  * fatehgarh-sahib
  * fatehpur
  * fazilka
  * firozabad
  * firozpur
  * freelancer
  * gadag-betigeri
  * gadwal
  * gandhidham
  * gangapur-city
  * gangarampur
  * gangtok
  * gauriganj
  * gaya
  * giridih
  * godhra
  * gokak
  * golaghat
  * gonda
  * gondal
  * gondia
  * gopalganj
  * gorakhpur
  * gudivada
  * guna
  * guntakal
  * guntur
  * gurdaspur
  * gurgaon
  * guwahati
  * gwalior
  * habra
  * hajipur
  * haldia
  * haldwani
  * halol
  * hampi
  * hansi
  * hanumangarh
  * hapur
  * hardoi
  * haridwar
  * hassan
  * hathras
  * himmatnagar
  * hindaun
  * hinganghat
  * hisar
  * hoshangabad
  * hoshiarpur
  * hospet
  * hosur
  * hubli
  * hyderabad
  * ichalkaranji
  * idukki
  * indore
  * irinjalakuda
  * itanagar
  * itarsi
  * jabalpur
  * jagdalpur
  * jagraon
  * jagtial
  * jahanabad
  * jaigaon
  * jaipur
  * jalandhar
  * jalaun
  * jalgaon
  * jalpaiguri
  * jammu
  * jamnagar
  * jamshedpur
  * jaunpur
  * jhalawar
  * jhansi
  * jhargram
  * jhunjhunu
  * jind
  * jodhpur
  * jorhat
  * junagadh
  * kadapa
  * kadayanallur
  * kadiri
  * kaithal
  * kakinada
  * kalaburagi
  * kalady
  * kalna
  * kamareddy
  * kanchrapara
  * kannauj
  * kannur
  * kanpur
  * kanyakumari
  * kapurthala
  * karad
  * karaikkudi
  * karimnagar
  * karnal
  * karunagappaly
  * karur
  * karwar
  * kasaragod
  * kashipur
  * katihar
  * katni
  * kavali
  * kayamkulam
  * kendrapada
  * kendujhar
  * khalilabad
  * khamgaon
  * khammam
  * khandwa
  * khanna
  * kharagpur
  * khopoli
  * kishanganj

  * kishangarh
  * kochi
  * kodaikanal
  * kohima
  * kolar
  * kolhapur
  * kolkata
  * kollam
  * kopargaon
  * koppal
  * korba
  * kota
  * kotdwar
  * kothagudem
  * kothamanagalam
  * kottakkal
  * kottarakkara
  * kottayam
  * kovilpatti
  * kozhikode
  * krishnagiri
  * krishnanagar
  * kumarakom
  * kumbakonam
  * kumta
  * kundapura
  * kunnamkullam
  * kurnool
  * kurukshetra
  * kushalnagar
  * lakhimpur
  * lalitpur
  * latur
  * lonavala
  * lonavla
  * lucknow
  * ludhiana
  * machilipatnam
  * madanapalle
  * madhubani
  * madikeri
  * madurai
  * mahabaleshwar
  * mahbubnagar
  * mahoba
  * malappuram
  * malda
  * malegaon
  * malout
  * manali
  * mancherial
  * mandi-dabwali
  * mandi-gobindgarh
  * mandi-hp
  * mandsaur
  * mandya
  * mangaluru
  * manipal
  * manjeri
  * mannargudi
  * mansa
  * markapur
  * mathura
  * maunath-bhanjan
  * mayiladuthurai
  * medinipur
  * meerut
  * mehsana
  * mettupalayam
  * miryalaguda
  * mirzapur
  * modinagar
  * moga
  * moodbidri
  * moradabad
  * morbi
  * morena
  * motihari
  * mount-abu
  * mughalsarai
  * mukerian
  * muktsar
  * mumbai
  * munger
  * murshidabad
  * mussoorie
  * muvattupuzha
  * muzaffarnagar
  * muzaffarpur
  * mysore
  * nabadwip
  * nadiad
  * nagaon
  * nagapattinam
  * nagda
  * nagercoil
  * nagpur
  * nagur
  * naharlagun
  * nainital
  * nalbari
  * nalgonda
  * namakkal
  * nanded
  * nandurbar
  * nandyal
  * nangal
  * naraingarh
  * narasaraopet
  * narnaul
  * narsinghpur
  * narsipatnam
  * nashik
  * navsari
  * neemuch
  * nellore
  * neyveli
  * nipani
  * nirmal
  * nizamabad
  * noida
  * noida-1
  * north-goa
  * ongole
  * ooty
  * orai
  * osmanabad
  * pala
  * palakkad
  * palakollu
  * palampur
  * palani
  * palanpur
  * palghar
  * pali
  * palwal
  * panchgani
  * panipat
  * paramakudi
  * parbhani
  * pathankot
  * patiala
  * patna
  * pattukkottai
  * payyannur
  * perambalur
  * perinthalmanna
  * phagwara
  * phusro
  * pilani
  * pilibhit
  * pinjore-city
  * pondicherry
  * porbandar
  * port-blair
  * pratapgarh
  * proddatur
  * pudukkottai

  * pune
  * puri
  * purnea
  * purulia
  * pusad
  * puttur
  * puttur-karnataka
  * rae-bareli
  * raghunathpur
  * raichur
  * raiganj
  * raigarh
  * raipur
  * rajahmundry
  * rajapalayam
  * rajgarh
  * rajkot
  * rajnandgaon
  * rajsamand
  * ramagundam
  * ramanagara
  * ramanathapuram
  * ramgarh
  * rampur
  * ranaghat
  * ranaghat-wb
  * ranchi
  * rangpo
  * ranibennur
  * raniganj
  * ratlam
  * ratnagiri
  * ravulapalem
  * rayachoty
  * rewa
  * rewari
  * rishikesh
  * rohtak
  * roorkee
  * ropar
  * rourkela
  * rudrapur
  * sagar
  * saharanpur
  * saharsa
  * salem
  * samastipur
  * sambalpur
  * sangamner
  * sangli
  * sangrur
  * santipur
  * sasaram
  * satara
  * satna
  * sawai-madhopur
  * sawantwadi
  * sehore
  * shahdol
  * shahjahanpur
  * shamli
  * shikohabad
  * shillong
  * shimla
  * shirdi-city
  * shivamogga
  * shivpuri
  * shravasti
  * shrirampur
  * siddipet
  * sikar
  * silchar
  * siliguri
  * silvassa
  * sindhanur
  * singrauli
  * sirkali
  * sirsa
  * sirsi
  * sitamarhi
  * sitapur
  * sivakasi
  * sivasagar
  * siwan
  * solan
  * solapur
  * sonipat
  * south-goa
  * sri-ganganagar
  * srikakulam
  * srivilliputhur
  * sultanpur
  * surat
  * suratgarh
  * surendranagar-dudhrej
  * suri
  * suryapet
  * tadepalligudem
  * tadpatri
  * tanuku
  * tarn-taran-sahib
  * tenkasi
  * tezpur
  * thalassery
  * thanjavur
  * theni
  * thiruvalla
  * thiruvallur
  * thiruvananthapuram
  * thiruvarur
  * thodupuzha
  * thoothukudi
  * thoubal
  * thrissur
  * tindivanam
  * tinsukia
  * tiptur
  * tirunelveli
  * tirupati
  * tirupur
  * tiruttani
  * tiruvannamalai
  * tohana
  * trichy
  * tumakuru
  * tuni
  * udaipur
  * udgir
  * udhampur
  * ujjain
  * uluberia
  * unnao
  * uran-islampur
  * vadodara
  * valsad
  * vapi
  * varanasi
  * varkala
  * vellore
  * veraval
  * vidisha
  * vijayawada
  * viluppuram
  * virudhunagar
  * visnagar
  * vizag
  * vizianagaram
  * vyara
  * waidhan
  * warangal
  * wardha
  * washim
  * wayanad
  * yamuna-nagar
  * yavatmal

© 2022 Swiggy

