https://magicpin.in/Bangalore/Kalyan-Nagar/Restaurant/Chowman/store/603a79/delivery/


Select Location

Login

  1. Home
  2. India
  3. Bangalore
  4. Kalyan Nagar
  5. Restaurant
  6. Chowman
  7. Delivery

# Chowman

Casual Dining  . Cost for two: ₹800

Casual Dining Cost for two: ₹800

##  Kalyan Nagar, Bangalore

4.0

24 visits

Call  Menu  Directions  This restaurant serves delicious and authentic Chinese
cuisine. The economic menu offers a wide range of choice and each and every
dish is prepared using fresh ingredients.

Please visit magicpin.in/phonepe/inappview

OVERVIEW DELIVERY  Save 15%  MENU REVIEWS PHOTOS OVERVIEW DELIVERY  Save 15%
MENU REVIEWS PHOTOS

Delivery: 62 mins

Order Online

####  Meal For One

Special Veg Combo

₹249

choice of noodles (veg) or rice (veg) with a veg side dish , along with 2 pcs
of veg momo

Loading

Special Non-veg Meal Box

₹369

choice of noodles (chicken) or rice (chicken) with a chicken & fish in sauce
of your choice as side dish , along with 2 pcs of chicken momo

Loading

Special Veg Meal Box

₹299

choice of noodles (veg) or rice (veg) with 2 veg side dishes , along with 2
pcs of veg momo

Loading

Special Non-Veg Combo

₹269

choice of noodles (mixed/shrimp/chicken/veg) or rice
(mixed/shrimp/chicken/veg) with chicken or fish , along with 2 pcs of chicken
momo

Loading

####  Soups

Veg Clear Soup

₹155

Clear soup which include Chinese cabbage, mushroom, carrots, broccoli with the
final sprinkle of pepper on top.

Loading

Lemon Coriander Thick Soup Veg

₹170

A thick preparation with cabbage, carrots and beans for heavy outburst of
flavourful coriander and lemon for that ultimate tang and spice summed up in
one amazing soup.

Loading

Hot And Sour Soup Veg

₹170

This soup come in a spicy, soya based and brown colour with cabbage, carrot,
tofu and shiitake mushroom.

Loading

Lemon Pepper Soup Veg

₹170

A less-spicy, light soup with chinese cabbage,carrot, pak choi, sliced
broccolli and button mushroom flavoured with lemon and pepper.

Loading

Noodle Soup Veg

₹165

The perfect concoction of a non-spicy recipe comprising clear soup and noodles
that serves to be a light yet filling portion with cabbage, carrot and mustard
plant

Loading

Manchow Soup Veg

₹170

Hot & Spicy soup made with a healthy combo of beans, carrots, cabbage,
Shiitake mushrooms and served alongside crispy noodles.

Loading

Sweet Corn Soup Veg

₹165

A light start to your meal, this soup is light, filled with the juicy
nutrients of tender corn mush including cabbage, carrots and beans and comes
with a streak of sweet bend to the flavour

Loading

Fish Ball Soup

₹215

A clear soup filled with drops of tender fish balls and additional benefits of
cabbage, carrots, topped with a handful of spring onions.

Loading

Hot And Sour Soup

₹180

This soup come in a spicy, soya based and brown colour with cabbage, carrot,
tofu and shiitake mushroom along with choice of chicken/prawn or both

Loading

Lemon Coriander Thick Soup

₹185

A thick preparation with a heavy outburst of flavourful coriander and lemon
along with egg drop for that ultimate tang and spice

Loading

Lemon Pepper Soup

₹180

A less-spicy, light soup with chinese cabbage, carrot, pak choi, broccoli and
button mushroom flavoured with lemon and pepper; along with chicken/prawn or
both

Loading

Lung Fung Soup

₹185

A perfect heavy fill to your tummy with cabbage, carrot, beans and shiitake
mushrooms along with chicken/ prawn flavoured with wine.

Loading

Manchow Soup

₹180

Hot & Spicy soup made with a healthy combo of beans, carrots, cabbage,
Shiitake mushrooms egg drop, chicken/prawn served alongside crispy noodles.

Loading

Meat Ball Soup

₹195

A clear soup filled with drops of tender meat balls and additional benefits of
cabbage, carrots, topped with a handful of spring onions

Loading

Noodle Soup

₹175

The perfect concoction of a non-spicy recipe comprising clear soup and noodles
that serves to be a light yet filling portion with cabbage, carrot and mustard
plant along with choice of chicken/prawn or both

Loading

Tom Kha Soup

₹230

Traditional Thai Coconut flavored thick soup flavoured with lemon leaf,
lemongrass and galagar; along with chicken or prawn

Loading

Tom Yum Soup

₹225

A spicy, traditional Thai chili soup which variants of chicken or prawn
flavoured with galangal and kaffir lime that gives an amazing twist to the
Indian taste bud.

Loading

Wonton Soup

₹205

In its variants of Chicken or Prawn, this clear soup comes with cute little
wontons dumplings in its filled with tender fillings

Loading

Chicken Clear Soup

₹175

Clear soup which include shredded chicken with the final sprinkle of pepper
and spring onion on top.

Loading

Sweet Corn Soup Chicken

₹185

A light start to your meal, this soup is light, filled with the juicy
nutrients of tender corn mush including shredded chicken and comes with a
streak of sweet bend to the flavour

Loading

Shredded Lamb Soup With Celery And Mushroom

₹230

This non-spicy clear soup comes with shredded lamb, mushroom and celery, and
is flavoured with garlic and peppercorns

Loading

Crab Meat Soup With Egg Drop And Chillies

₹230

A heavy, non-spicy soup with crab meat and egg drop, garnished with fresh
chillies which comes in a filling portion and can serve as a truly satiating
appetizer.

Loading

Thai Soup

₹225

This soup is true to its name with its spicy preparation of the very essence
of Thai flavours coming in a plethora of ingredients including Tom Yum,
Cabbage, Ginger, Garlic, lemon alongside Shiitake mushroom alongside chicken
and prawn

Loading

Crab Meat Soup Withwine

₹230

As the name suggests, this soup too comes in its luxury ingredients of garlic
tossed crabmeat in thick white broth flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) and
fresh coriander leaf with a sprinkle of chilli flakes.

Loading

Chowman's Favourite Soup

₹245

From the house of Chowman, our very own speciality soup is a pure bliss that
comes with an amalgamation of two different soups in perfect proportion,
adding up luxury ingredients such as prawn, Pak Choi, egg drops, mushrooms,
slice chicken and many more

Loading

Seafood Soup

₹245

A luxury, non-spicy thick soup meeting the perfect combo of crabmeat, squid
and prawn flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) and sprinkles of coriander leaf.

Loading

####  Starters

Momo Veg (8 Pcs)

₹165

Steamed dumplings with fresh shredded vegetables are the perfect fill for an
evening snack.

Loading

Pan Fried Chilli Mushroom

₹250

Button mushroom fried to golden crisp, then tossed in soya and chilli paste,
garnished with Spring onion.

Loading

Crispy Honey Paneer

₹210

Tender paneer cubes coated & fried to golden perfection, then tossed into a
perfect mix of soya, lemon & honey for a lip smacking appetizer

Loading

Stir Fried Pak Choi In Chilli Garlic Sauce

₹230

Exotic pak choi stir fried in chilli garlic sauce flavour blended perfectly
for that crunchy, juicy biteful of a delicious starter.

Loading

Stir Fried Pak Choi In Oyster Sauce

₹230

Exotic pak choi stir fried in Oyster sauce , blended perfectly for that
crunchy, juicy biteful of a delicious starter.

Loading

Crackling Spinach

₹240

Indulge into the robust flavours of Fresh Spinach chopped and fried to golden
perfection, in a lip-smacking concoction of spicy and sweet with a tinge of
tang, garnished with sliced, roasted almond and sesame seeds

Loading

Wonton Veg (8 Pcs)

₹200

Round, tender Chinese dumplings, stuffed with carrots, cabbage, chopped
coriander and seasonings, served either steamed or fried into golden
perfection

Loading

Chilli Teriyaki Potato

₹210

Red in colour, Cube fried potatoes tossed in teriyaki sauce and house chilli
sauce is moderately spicy and sweet blowing a kiss with a fist to your hunger
pang

Loading

Crispy Honey Fried Wonton Veg (8 Pcs)

₹215

Crispy fried southern Chinese soft dumpling stuffed with fresh vegetables
tossed in honey

Loading

Veg Spring Roll (6 Pcs)

₹210

Crispy deep-fried hand-made wraps filled with a delicious stuffing of lightly
spiced and crunchy vegetables

Loading

Crispy Chilli Baby Corn

₹230

A starter dish to blindly surrender to with soft baby corn tossed in house
sauce alongside onions, garlic, green chillies for that spicy streak combined
with the sweeter side of the babycorn.

Loading

Crispy Baby Corn With Honey

₹230

A common favourite as a starter, this dish comes with tender baby corns,fried,
and tossed in honey and sesame seed to satiate your sweet bud

Loading

Sauteed Assorted Vegetables

₹230

Diced exotic vegetables like pak choi, cabbage, carrot, bell peppers, onion,
baby corn, broccoli, cauliflower and button mushroom sauteed with
garlic,seasoned with wine (non-alcoholic) and butter is surely about to set up
your mood for a hearty start to your meal

Loading

Crispy Tofu In Hong Kong Style

₹240

Chinese favourite tender tofu diced and deep-fried, sauteed with onion,
celery, and ginger alongside whole a star anise

Loading

Pan Fried Chilli Paneer

₹235

For the lover of spice, this dish comes with a spicy streak to it, made with
India favourite tender paneer; sauteed with fresh veggies and tossed in spicy
sauces

Loading

Pan Fried Chilli Tofu

₹235

For the lover of spice, this dish comes with a spicy streak to it, made with
traditional Chinese tofu; sauteed with fresh veggies and tossed in spicy
sauces

Loading

Paneer Pepper Salt

₹235

Tender paneer tossed in soya and other sauces alongside garlic, ginger and
onions with the final sprinkle of pepper and spring onions on top.

Loading

Crispy Chilli Mushroom

₹235

Crispy fried button mushroom with garlic, onions, green chillies tossed in
house sauces and chilli paste

Loading

Mushroom Pepper Salt

₹240

A scrumptious starter dish comprising Crispy fried button mushroom with
sauteed onion, celery, flavoured with pepper and garlic

Loading

American Corn Pepper Salt

₹245

Deceptive by its name, this preparation is specifically Chinese in nature
using American corn tossed in a mixture of house sauces, ketchup, and soy
alongside onion, chilli flakes, and garlic

Loading

Crispy Chilli American Corn

₹245

Crispy fried american corn with garlic, onions, green chillies tossed in house
sauces and chilli paste

Loading

Exotic Mushrooms In Chilli Soya Sauce

₹260

Stir fried assorted exotic mushrooms tossed in chilli soya sauce

Loading

Konjee Crispy Three Treasure Mushroom

₹265

A satiating and lip-smacking starter comprising diced button mushroom, fungus
mushroom and shiitake mushroom fried into proper crisp and tossed with ginger,
garlic, hoisin sauce and chilli paste

Loading

Cheese And Spinach Roll (6 Pcs)

₹260

Spinach and cheese stuffed rolls which are fried

Loading

Honey Chilli Lotus Stem

₹270

Shallow fried crispy Lotus stem flavoured with light soy, honey and a hint of
chilli sauce. It is a very unique and healthy dish as the Lotus stem is very
rich in vitamins and other nutrients

Loading

Roasted Chilli Lamb

₹330

Roasted lamb with diced onion, chillies, soy sauce, tossed in house chilli
sauce

Loading

Chicken Momo (8 Pcs)

₹185

The favourite of the favourites, our momo comes in tender chicken stuffed
inside steamed dumplings, presented with chef's special sauce.

Loading

Kolkata Style Chilli Chicken (Boneless) (12 Pcs)

₹300

Bite sized pieces of chicken tossed in chillies and Chowman's secret sweet and
spicy sauce

Loading

Kolkata Style Chilli Fish (10 Pcs)

₹350

Bite sized pieces of fish tossed in chillies and Chowman's secret sweet and
spicy sauce

Loading

Korean Chicken Wings (4 Pcs)

₹290

Fiery hot tender chicken wings & legs coated, then smothered in a sticky,
spicy &sweet mix of sauces as an enticing finger food

Loading

Crumb Fried Fish (Beckti) (10 Pcs)

₹520

Crispy Fried Fish served with Sweet Chilli Sauce is the perfect bite of
soulfulness coming in a plate altogether

Loading

Steamed Chicken With Exotic Veg

₹310

Marinated sliced chicken with assorted vegetables, button mushroom, baby corn
stir fried and tossed in chef's special sauces

Loading

Sliced Fish In Chilli Soya (Beckti) (10 Pcs)

₹520

Marinated fish tossed in Dark Soya, and red chilli paste, garnished with
spring onion

Loading

Chowman's Signature Prawn Balls (8 Pcs)

₹310

Crispy, delectable Prawn balls with the aroma of ginger, fried to golden
perfection and served with sweet chilli sauce

Loading

Steamed Fish With Chinese Greens (Beckti) (10 Pcs)

₹550

A true soul-lifter, we got the Steamed beckti stir fried with zucchini and
exotic green veggies, flavoured with lemongrass

Loading

Crispy Honey Fried Wontons (8 Pcs)

₹250

Southern chinese soft dumplings stuffed with chicken or prawn, fried to a
mild-sweet crisp and tossed in honey.

Loading

Crispy Chilli Fish (10 Pcs)

₹330

Almost a heart winner at snacks or accompaniments, we got the finger fish
double fried to crisp tossed in soy sauce, tomato sauce and chilli sauce.

Loading

Fish Pepper Salt (10 Pcs)

₹310

Marinated sliced fish fried, and tossed in chilli oil, oyster sauce, light
soya and wine for that extravagance in flavours for a spiced-up beginning to
your meal.

Loading

Kowloon Fish (10 Pcs)

₹320

Luxury fish starter featuring basa/ beckti well prepared in chilli paste sauce
& topped by red and yellow bell peppers, spring onions with a tinge of wine.

Loading

Pan Fried Chilli Fish (10 Pcs)

₹310

Marinated fish pan-seared with garlic, onions, green chillies; tossed in soy
sauce, ketchup and chilli paste brings bliss in every single bite.

Loading

Pepper Garlic Fish (10 Pcs)

₹310

Marinated and fried fish sauteed with bell peppers, onions and celery, tossed
in tomato sauce butter comes with that perfect aroma of garlic to it.

Loading

Sui Mai Non-veg (8 Pcs)

₹265

Soft steamed dumplings stuffed with preferred variant of chicken/prawn is the
perfect light starter or can serve as a filling bite for your evening snacks.

Loading

Chicken Spring Roll (6 Pcs)

₹230

Crispy deep-fried hand-made wraps filled with a delicious stuffing of lightly
spiced and tender chicken fillings

Loading

Wonton Chicken (8 Pcs)

₹230

Cute little dumplings filled with miced chicken, either steamed or deep fried,
leaving a mouthful of love behind

Loading

Wonton Prawn (8 Pcs)

₹245

Cute little dumplings filled with minced prawn, either steamed or deep fried,
leaving a mouthful of love behind

Loading

Chicken Lollipop (8 Pcs)

₹270

Mouth lingering starter and everyone favorite, featuring marinated and fried
Chicken drumsticks served with hot garlic sauce

Loading

Drums Of Heaven (Thai Style) (8 Pcs)

₹275

Chicken lollipops sauteed in special sauces and other specific sauces for a
Thai bend to the flavour.

Loading

Fried Chicken Wings (4 Pcs)

₹270

The crunchiest, mouth lingering tender Chicken wings fried to perfection and
flavoured with squeeze of lemons and chilly oil.

Loading

Sliced Chicken In Schezwan Style

₹270

Mouth watering, spicy, sliced marinated chicken with diced onion, bell pepper
and dry chillies, tossed in Chinese Schezwan sauce will surely set your buds
on fire

Loading

Green And Red Pepper Chicken

₹275

Sliced chicken with green and red bell pepper tossed in very low amount of
oyster sauce, dark soya and spring onion flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic)
and topped with chilli flakes

Loading

Konjee Crispy Chicken

₹280

Shredded tender chicken marinated, then fried to crisp with vegetables tossed
in multiple secret sauces

Loading

Pepper Garlic Chicken (12 Pcs)

₹280

Diced chicken, bell pepper and onion, tossed in butter, oyster sauce, dark
soya; and flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic)

Loading

Tai Chin Chicken (Dry)

₹285

Chicken tossed with dry red chillies & bell pepper with five spice flavour

Loading

Barbeque Chicken (`12 Pcs)

₹280

Marinated diced chicken tossed in tomato sauce and dark soya garnished with
shredded carrot

Loading

Sweet And Spicy Crispy Chicken

₹290

The perfect blend of sweet and spicy in this dish of chicken pieces fried to
perfect crisp and glazed with a sticky sweet and spicy sauce

Loading

Chicken Tai Pai

₹300

Shredded chicken fried and sauteed with celery and garlic, tossed in chilli
oil and sauces, flavoured with julian onion and lemon juice

Loading

Kolkata Style Chilli Chicken (With Bone) (12 Pcs)

₹280

Bite sized pieces of chicken with tender bones tossed in chillies and
Chowman's secret sweet and spicy sauce

Loading

Lat Mai Kai (12 Pcs)

₹295

Marinated pan fried chicken and vegetables tossed in chef's special house
sauces

Loading

Chicken Satay With Peanut Sauce (6 Pcs)

₹325

Traditional Southeast Asian styled skewered grilled meat, served with peanut
sauce

Loading

Pan Fried Chilli Chicken (12 Pcs)

₹290

Pan fried chicken with garlic, onions and green chillies tossed in soy sauce,
tomato sauce and house chilli sauce

Loading

Clay Pot Braised Chicken With Mushroom

₹300

Tender and juicy sliced chicken slightly blanched and tossed in soya sauce,
oyster sauce, with mushroom and served in a clay pot

Loading

Drums Of Heaven Non-Veg (Hong Kong Style) (8 Pcs)

₹275

Chicken lollipops in Indo-Chinese style of cooking sauteed with different
Chinese sauces with a flavour of Star anise

Loading

Dragon Chicken

₹300

A spicy dish comprising diced chicken cubes, tossed in Dragon Chilli Sauce

Loading

Honey Glazed Pan Fried Chicken With Lemon(12 Pcs)

₹300

With a tinge of sweeter streak to it, this dish features the Pan fried chicken
tossed in honey and garnished with sesame seed setting up as the perfect
starter to complement your evening mood.

Loading

Fire Roasted Mandarin Chicken

₹310

As the name goes, this dish comes with its fiery flavors of tender, shredded
chicken roasted and served in semi gravy along with mushrooms ; then flavoured
with house sauces, coriander and sesame oil

Loading

Crispy Fried Crab Wonton (10 Pcs)

₹320

Round tender dumpling stuffed with crab meat, mushrooms and seasoning, deep
fried to crispy golden brown perfection, served with sweet chilli sauce

Loading

Chilli Shrimps

₹315

A Spicy retreat with our mastery over shrimps marinated and tossed in soy
sauce, tomato and house chilli sauce.

Loading

Double Fried Lamb

₹330

Marinated lamb double fried and tossed in hoisin sauce, tomato sauce, chilli
sauce and black bean sauce with a squeeze of lime on top

Loading

Konjee Crispy Lamb

₹325

Marinated shredded lamb fried to crisp with vegetables tossed in sauces

Loading

Lachu Lamb

₹330

The perfect bite of the tender meat well intact within a crispy exterior well
prepapred in dark soya & chilli paste, garnished by celery and green onion.

Loading

Honey Chilli Crispy Lamb

₹340

Crispy lamb tossed in light soya with a squeeze of lime is like heaven on
plate that is surely going to leave you craving for more

Loading

Char Sui Lamb

₹330

With a special retreat to traditional Chinese, the dish brings in tender lamb
racks coated and roasted in devil sauce, hoisin sauce; and is flavoured with
wine (non-alcoholic) and five star powders along with pak choi, button
mushrooms and bell peppers

Loading

Fried Squid In Sweet Chilli Sauce

₹385

Luxury seafood-Squid deep fried, then tossed in sweet chilli sauce is a
plateful of pleasure at one go

Loading

Chilli Squid

₹405

Hot & Spicy preparation starring seafood-squid fried, and tossed in dark soya,
tomato sauce and chilli paste

Loading

Golden Fried Prawn(8 Pcs)

₹390

Tender, delicious prawn, marinated, then fried golden in Japanese tempura
batter

Loading

Mountain Chilli Squid

₹390

Spicier than your love for spice, our Mountain Chilli Squid features the
luxury seafood fried to crisp then tossed in the spicy Mountain Chilli sauce

Loading

Prawn Pepper Salt (8 Pcs)

₹390

Marinated prawns tossed in chilli oil, oyster sauce, soya and flavoured with
wine (non-alcoholic) and pepper

Loading

Schezwan Pepper Squid

₹400

A proper satiation to our spice bud, this dish features the Fried squid tossed
in oyster sauce and light soya, flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) and
crushed schezwan pepper

Loading

Honey Glazed Chilli Squid

₹410

For those with a sweeter streak to them, we got the Pan fried squid with
honey-soy reduction, garnished with sesame seeds.

Loading

Pepper Garlic Prawn (8 Pcs)

₹400

Marinated prawns, bellpepper and onion tossed in butter, oyster sauce, dark
soya and flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) and pepper

Loading

Prawn In Chilli Mountain Sauce (8 Pcs)

₹390

A favourite of the sea-food lovers this dish features stir fried prawns in
spicy sauces, chilli flakes that serve the perfect spicy start to your Chinese
meal.

Loading

Prawn Ka Seong (8 Pcs)

₹400

King prawns sauteed with shredded vegetables, button mushrooms and chillies;
finally flavoured with dark soya

Loading

Prawn Har Gau (8 Pcs)

₹450

Traditional Cantonese steamed dumplings made from a variety of starch sources,
wrapped around a filling of delicious prawn

Loading

Sauteed Prawn With Chinese Greens (8 Pcs)

₹350

Fried prawns sauteed with exotic Chinese greens, tossed in wine (non-
alcoholic) and butter

Loading

Lamb Rolls In Soya Sauce (6 Pcs)

₹465

Shredded Lamb meat tossed in house sauces, wrapped in rolls and steamed,
served with a flavoursome soya sauce

Loading

Golden Fried Fish(Beckti) (10 Pcs)

₹520

The luxury of Beckti fried to perfect golden crisp & moulded in Japanese
tempura batter

Loading

Bbq Smoked Fish (Beckti) (10 Pcs)

₹550

Shallow fried beckti tossed in the seasoning of five spice, hoisin, dark soy
sauce and red chilli paste

Loading

####  All New Menu

Chicken Bao (3 Pcs)

₹245

Steamed, fluffy buns stuffed with a mouthful of chicken slices topped with
mayonnaise & Sesame Seeds.

Loading

Fish Bao (3 Pcs)

₹265

Steamed, fluffy buns stuffed with a mouthful of finger cutting fish topped
with mayonnaise & Sesame Seeds.

Loading

Veg Bao (3 Pcs)

₹215

Steamed, fluffy buns stuffed with a mouthful of crispy potato patty topped
with mayonnaise & Sesame Seeds

Loading

Bangkok Street Noodle Bowl (Veg)

₹320

Flat noodles in a bowlful of coconut-ey flavored red curry soup with a subtle
tinge of lemongrass along with ingredients like beans, carrot, button
mushroom, baby corn, bamboo shoots, green peas, bell peppers

Loading

Bangkok Street Noodle Bowl (Non-Veg)

₹360

Flat noodles in a bowlful of coconut-ey flavored red curry soup with a subtle
tinge of lemongrass along with ingredients like beans, carrot, button
mushroom, baby corn, bamboo shoots, green peas, bell peppers and sliced
chicken topped with a poaced egg

Loading

Khao Suey Non-Veg

₹420

Burmese noodle dish, served with a blend of spicy and sweet coconut sauce
comprising of chicken, shrimp and boiled egg, with eight different condiments
for a robust flavours melting into the mouth.

Loading

Khao Suey Veg

₹350

Burmese noodle dish, served with a blend of spicy and sweet coconut sauce,
with eight different condiments for a robust flavours melting into the mouth.

Loading

Veg Ramen

₹190

Japanese style noodle soup with ingredients like button mushroom, baby corn,
broccoli, pak choi, carrot, chinese cabbage, fresh red chillies and nori sheet
is one nutrient enriched main course that reach directly to the heart's way.

Loading

Non-Veg Ramen

₹280

Japanese style noodle soup with ingredients like button mushroom, baby corn,
broccoli, pak choi, carrot, chinese cabbage, fresh red chillies and nori
sheet; along with chicken pieces and seafoods like squid, shrimp, beckti and
boiled egg is one nutrient enriched main course that reach directly to the
heart's way.

Loading

####  Main Course

Chilli Prawn (8 Pcs)

₹390

A dish, dominated by spice, comprising the marinated prawn tossed in soy
sauce, tomato and house chilli sauce

Loading

Garlic Prawn (8 Pcs)

₹390

Marinated prawns sauteed with garlic, then tossed in tomato sauce and butter
for that perfect blend of strong flavours coming together in one great dish.

Loading

Ginger Prawn (8 Pcs)

₹390

Marinated prawn and vegetables tossed in butter, oyster sauce and dark soya
flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic)

Loading

Hunan Prawn (8 Pcs)

₹385

Marinated prawn cooked with bell peppers and flavoured with wine (non-
alcoholic) and butter

Loading

Manchurian Prawn (8 Pcs)

₹385

Marinated delicate prawn tossed in dark soya, chilli sauce and oyster sauce.

Loading

Prawn In Chilli Lemon Sauce (8 Pcs)

₹385

The perfect blend of spicy with tang, we got the marinated prawn tossed in
chilli paste and butter, served with a squeeze of lemon.

Loading

Schezwan Prawn (8 Pcs)

₹390

Spicy, tongue biting marinated prawn tossed in oyster sauce and light soya,
flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) and schezwan pepper.

Loading

Chilli Honey Prawn (8 Pcs)

₹395

The right food mix of spicy with sweet, we have marinated prawn tossed in
house chilli sauce and flavoured with honey

Loading

Sweet And Sour Prawn (8 Pcs)

₹395

Marinated prawn with sauteed ginger tossed in vinegar and butter gives that
perfect blend of sweet and sour to your taste

Loading

Wok Tossed Prawn In Chilli Garlic Sauce (8 Pcs)

₹395

Sauteed prawn, wok tossed in dark soya and oyster sauce flavoured with wine
(non-alcoholic) and butter

Loading

Butter Garlic Prawn (8 Pcs)

₹405

Marinated prawn and sauteed chopped garlic tossed in wine (non-alcoholic) and
butter

Loading

Chilli Basil Prawn (8 Pcs)

₹400

Marinated prawn sauteed with vegetables, wok tossed in dark soya, tomato and
house chilli sauce, flavoured with basil

Loading

Chilli Coriander Prawn (8 Pcs)

₹400

Marinated prawn tossed in chopped chillies and coriander paste, flavoured with
lemon juice

Loading

Devil's Prawn (8 Pcs)

₹415

Marinated prawn in spicy devil's sauce

Loading

Kung Pao Prawn (8 Pcs)

₹400

Classic Sichuan prawn dish with diced bell pepper, cashew nuts, dry roasted
chillies tossed in house sauces, flavoured with sesame oil and wine (non-
alcoholic).

Loading

Prawn In Black Bean Sauce (8 Pcs)

₹395

Marinated prawn tossed in black bean sauce and dark soya, flavoured with wine
(non-alcoholic) for that luxury turn

Loading

Prawn In Mustard Chilli Sauce (8 Pcs)

₹400

Sauteed prawn tossed in mustard sauce, oyster sauce and chilli paste

Loading

Prawn In Oyster Sauce (8 Pcs)

₹400

Sauteed prawn tossed in light and dark soya, oyster sauce and flavoured with
wine (non-alcoholic) along with mushrooms

Loading

Prawn In Red Pepper Sauce (8 Pcs)

₹400

Fried prawn sauteed with bell peppers, garlic, celery and onion, then tossed
in spicy red pepper

Loading

Sauteed Prawn In Chilli Plum Sauce (8 Pcs)

₹400

Sauteed Prawn in a sweet Chinese plum sauce and house chilli sauce

Loading

Wok Fried Squid In Chilli Black Bean Sauce

₹400

Marinated fried squid tossed in black bean sauce, dark soya and chilli sauce.

Loading

Chilli Plum Squid

₹415

Marinated squid tossed in a sweet Chinese plum sauce and house chilli sauce

Loading

Chilli Crab Claws (4 Pcs)

₹360

Marinated crab claws tossed in soy sauce with garlic, onions and fresh
chillies

Loading

Mountain Chilli Crab Claws (4 Pcs)

₹365

Marinated crab claws in spicy devil's sauce

Loading

Pepper Garlic Crab Claws (4 Pcs)

₹370

Marinated crab claws tossed in butter, oyster sauce, dark soya and flavoured
with wine (non-alcoholic), garlic and pepper

Loading

Schezwan Crab Claws (4 Pcs)

₹370

Marinated crab tossed in oyster sauce and light soya, flavoured with wine
(non-alcoholic) and schezwan pepper

Loading

Crab Meat In Black Bean Sauce

₹415

Marinated crab meat tossed in black bean sauce, dark soya and flavoured with
wine (non-alcoholic)

Loading

Crab Meat In Chilli Basil

₹415

Crab meat tossed in Chilli paste, ketchup, oyster sauce, dark soya, lemon
juice and basil leaf

Loading

Steamed Crab Meat In Ginger WineSauce

₹415

Steamed crab meat served with thick gravy flavoured with ginger, celery and
wine (non-alcoholic)

Loading

Butter Garlic Fish (10 Pcs)

₹345

Marinated sliced fish with chopped garlic sauteed in butter and flavoured with
wine.

Loading

Chilli Basil Fish (10 Pcs)

₹325

Marinated sliced fish tossed in house chilli sauce, oyster sauce, dark soya,
lemon juice and garnished with basil leaf.

Loading

Chilli Fish (10 Pcs)

₹315

Marinated sliced fish doused in spicy-tangy dark soya, tomato and chilli sauce
flavoured with chillies, ginger and garlic.

Loading

Chilli Plum Fish (10 Pcs)

₹335

Marinated fish tossed in a sweet chinese plum sauce and house chilli sauce.

Loading

Chilli WineFish (10 Pcs)

₹335

Marinated fish with diced bell pepper and red chillies flavoured with house
sauces and wine (non-alcoholic)

Loading

Fish In Black Bean Sauce (10 Pcs)

₹325

Marinated fish in black bean sauce, tomato sauce, chilli sauce and wine.

Loading

Fish In Chilli Mustard Sauce (10 Pcs)

₹335

Marinated fish tossed in mustard, oyster sauce and chilli paste finished with
sesame oil.

Loading

Fish In Devil's Sauce (10 Pcs)

₹335

Marinated sliced fish tossed in spicy devil's sauce, ketchup and chilli paste.

Loading

Fish In Ginger Coriander Sauce (10 Pcs)

₹325

Marinated sliced fish tossed in coriander paste flavoured with a squeeze of
lemon.

Loading

Fish In Oyster Sauce (10 Pcs)

₹335

Marinated fish tossed in sweet and tangy oyster sauce, msuhrooms; flavoured
with wine

Loading

Fish In Sweet Chilli Sauce (10 Pcs)

₹340

Marinated fish tossed in home-made sweet & spicy chilli sauce with a squeeze
of lime.

Loading

Fish Pak Choi (10 Pcs)

₹345

Marinated fish with diced vegetables, pakchoi flavoured with celery and garlic
finished with sesame oil and spring onion.

Loading

Garlic Fish (10 Pcs)

₹315

Marinated fish with sauteed garlic tossed in tomato sauce, butter and vinegar.

Loading

Ginger Fish (10 Pcs)

₹315

Marinated fish, shredded ginger, chopped tomato in oyster sauce and dark soya
flavoured with wine.

Loading

Hong Kong Style Fish (10 Pcs)

₹335

Marinated fish tossed in hoisin sauce and dark soya flavoured with wine and
star anise

Loading

Hot Garlic Fish (10 Pcs)

₹325

Marinated fish sauteed with garlic tossed in chilli paste and tomato sauce.

Loading

Hunan Fish (10 Pcs)

₹325

Marinated sliced fish, cooked with bell peppers and flavoured with wine.

Loading

Lemon Fish (10 Pcs)

₹325

Marinated sliced fish tossed in lemon juice and butter, garnished with
coriander leaf and sliced lemon.

Loading

Lemon Honey Fish (10 Pcs)

₹325

Marinated sliced fish tossed in lemon juice, butter and honey.

Loading

Manchurian Fish (10 Pcs)

₹315

Marinated fish tossed in dark soya, chilli sauce and oyster sauce.

Loading

Mandarin Fish (10 Pcs)

₹340

Marinated fish fried to crisp tossed with shredded vegetables and flavoured
with sesame oil; topped with shredded chicken.

Loading

Schezwan Fish (10 Pcs)

₹325

Marinated fish tossed in oyster sauce and light soya,flavoured with wine and
schezwan pepper.

Loading

Sweet And Sour Fish (10 Pcs)

₹335

Marinated fish sauteed with diced bell pepper, tossed in vinegar, tomato sauce
and butter

Loading

Chilli Potato

₹220

Fried potato cubes tossed in soy sauce, tomato sauce and chilli paste

Loading

Four Treasure Vegetables In Spicy Hunan Sauce

₹255

Pak Choi, Chinese Cabbage, Babycorn, Broccoli and bell peppers tossed in soya
flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic)

Loading

Mixed Vegetables In White Sauce

₹230

Fresh vegetables such as baby corn, pak choi, mushrooms, broccoli,
cauliflower, chinese cabbage, carrot, bell peppers and zuchhini in thick sauce
flavoured with butter, garlic and pepper

Loading

Exotic Vegetables In Chilli Basil Sauce

₹235

Exotic vegetables such as baby corn, mushrooms, pak choi, chinese cabbage,
bell peppers, carrot, cauliflower, broccoli and zuchhini tossed in oystter
sauce and dark soya with basil leaf

Loading

Schezwan Mixed Vegetable With Baby Corn And Button Mushroom

₹235

Diced assorted vegetables such as baby corn, pak choi, cabbage, capsicum,
broccoli, cauliflower and button mushroom flavoured with schezwan spices

Loading

Sweet And Sour Vegetable

₹255

Fresh vegetables like cabbage, carrot, bell peppers, pak choi, baby corn,
cauliflower, pine apple, tomato and cucumber tossed in sweet and sour sauce

Loading

Chilli Garlic Baby Corn And Button Mushroom

₹245

Sauteed chopped garlic, baby corn and button mushroom in tomato and house
chilli sauce, flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic)

Loading

Garlic Paneer

₹245

Fried paneer, cooked and flavoured with garlic, butter and wine (non-
alcoholic) and garnished with spring onions

Loading

Exotic Veg In Pepper Garlic Sauce

₹245

A delicious veg starter, featuring the Chinese Cabbage, Pak Choi, Butter
Mushroom, Baby corn, Broccoli, carrot, bell peppers and cauliflower tossed in
Pepper Garlic sauce, with a final sprinkles of black pepper on top.

Loading

American Corn And Potatoes In Hot Garlic Sauce

₹245

Sauteed American Corn and potato in garlic, chilli sauce and chilli paste

Loading

Exotic Veg In Coriander Sauce

₹245

Diced green capsicum, carrot, cabbage, pak choi, cauliflower, broccoli, baby
corn and mushroom tossed in coriander paste with a squeeze of lime

Loading

Exotic Veg In Mountain Chilli Sauce

₹245

Sauteed exotic vegetables such as carrot, mushroom, baby corn, cauliflwoer,
broccoli, pak choi, cabbage, bell peppers tossed in a spicy sauce and mountain
chilli to give that hot spicy bend to the dish

Loading

Hunan Paneer

₹245

Fried paneer, cooked with bell peppers, chopped garlic and flavoured with wine
(non-alcoholic)

Loading

Paneer Manchurian

₹245

India's favourite delicate Paneer balls tossed in dark soya, chilli sauce &
oystter sauce.

Loading

Tofu In Black Bean Sauce

₹255

Fried tofu tossed in black bean sauce flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic)

Loading

Tofu In Hot Garlic Sauce

₹255

Fried tofu tossed in garlic, chilli sauce and spicy devil's sauce

Loading

Chilli Tofu

₹255

Cubes of crispy tofu sauteed with garlic, onions and green chillies tossed in
soya sauce and chilli paste

Loading

Devil's Choice Vegetables

₹255

Exotic vegetables such as pak choi, broccoli, chinese cabbage, zucchini,
mushrooms, baby corn, cauliflower and potato tossed in super spicy devil's
sauce

Loading

Mixed Veg In Kung Pao Style (Gravy)

₹250

Stir fried exotic vegetables, mushroom, baby corn, carrot, cauliflower, bell
peppers, zucchini and cashew nuts in hoisin sauce and chilli sauce flavoured
with wine (non-alcoholic)

Loading

Broccoli, Baby Corn, Mushroom In Chilli Corn Sauce

₹265

Broccoli, Babycorn and Mushroom finely cooked in gravy made from chilli, corn
and garlic

Loading

Veg Coin In Sauce Of Your Choice

₹245

Amalgamation of stir fried cabbage and corns, sauteed in Chilli paste made
into a coin, served in sauce variants of Hot Garlic/ Chilli Soya/Sweet chilli.

Loading

Chilli Paneer

₹245

A favourite of the veg lovers; this spicy vegetarian dish meets the flavours
of China with tender paneer tossed in soya and other home-made chilli sauce
alongside garlic, onions and green chillies with the final sprinkle of spring
onion on top.

Loading

Devil's Lamb

₹345

The perfect bite on a tender lamb meat with an after taste of a tongue-biting
spice, we got marinated lamb tossed in devil?? spice sauce.

Loading

Hot Garlic Lamb

₹345

This spicy lamb dish prepared with sauteed chopped garlic, and tossed in
tomato and house chilli sauce leaves a sharp sting to both your tongue and
brain

Loading

Shredded Lamb In Chilli Garlic Sauce

₹360

Tender lamb first shredded, fried and tossed in house chilli sauce and oyster
sauce brings the perfect combo of flavours dominated by the perfect sauce mix.

Loading

Lamb In Chilli Plum Sauce

₹345

Marinated lamb tossed in a sweet Chinese plum sauce is the perfect dish to
accompany your rice main course

Loading

Lamb In Hunan Sauce

₹345

Well known for spicy flavours, fresh aroma, we got this dish dominating the
Hunan province, prepared with lamb, finely cooked in a chef's special Hunan
sauce, and flavoured with garlic and ginger

Loading

Lamb In Oyster Sauce

₹345

Tender lamb meat and fat marinated, and then tossed in dark and light soya and
oyster sauce, finally flavoured with the luxury aroma of wine (non-alcoholic)
along with mushrooms

Loading

Stir Fried Lamb With Diced Chilli And Cashewnuts

₹340

Sauteed lamb and cashew nuts tossed in dark soya, tomato and house chilli
sauce, flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic)

Loading

Schezwan Orange Roasted Lamb

₹360

A speciality sweet dish of Chowman comprising a unique blend of Roasted lamb,
bell peppers and shitake mushroom tossed in tomato sauce and chilli sauce
flavoured with orange juice and schezwan pepper

Loading

Sliced Lamb In Honey And Black Pepper

₹365

Shredded lamb with sauteed with chopped garlic tossed in tomato and house
chilli sauce.

Loading

Stir Fried Lamb Slices With Assorted Veg

₹360

Sliced lamb stir fried with assorted seasonal vegetables that bring a plateful
of protein enriched and nutritious contents on the plate.

Loading

Chicken In Hot Garlic Sauce (12 Pcs)

₹290

Marinated chicken tossed in sauteed garlic, tomato sauce and house chilli
sauce

Loading

Chilli Chicken (12 Pcs)

₹290

Marinated fried chicken tossed in garlic, onion, chillies, soy sauce, tomato
and chilli sauce

Loading

Devil's Chicken

₹300

Marinated Sliced chicken tossed in spicy devil's sauce, tomato sauce and
chilli sauce

Loading

Garlic Chicken (12 Pcs)

₹290

Marinated chicken with sauteed garlic tossed in butter and sweet ketchup

Loading

Ginger Chicken (12 Pcs)

₹290

Marinated chicken tossed in dark soya and oyster sauce, flavoured with wine
(non-alcoholic) and ginger

Loading

Lemon Chicken (12 Pcs)

₹290

Marinated chicken tossed in lemon juice, butter and chopped garlic, served
with sliced lemon

Loading

Manchurian Chicken (12 Pcs)

₹290

Marinated chicken tossed in dark soya, spicy chilli sauce, oyster and tomato
sauce

Loading

Chicken In Black Bean Sauce

₹300

Marinated chicken tossed in black bean sauce and dark soya flavoured with wine
(non-alcoholic)

Loading

Chicken In ChilliWine

₹300

Marinated chicken tossed in chilli paste and tomato sauce, flavoured with wine
(non-alcoholic)

Loading

Chicken In Plum Sauce (12 Pcs)

₹310

Marinated chicken tossed in a sweet Chinese plum sauce

Loading

Chilli Garlic Chicken In Red Bell Pepper (12 Pcs)

₹305

Marinated diced chicken and vegetables cooked in flavourful oyster sauce and
finished with wine (non-alcoholic)

Loading

Honey Chicken (12 Pcs)

₹300

Marinated chicken with chopped ginger, cucumber, carrot, pineapple, green
capsicum tossed in honey

Loading

Hong Kong Chicken (12 Pcs)

₹300

Marinated diced chicken tossed in hoisin sauce, dark soya and flavoured with
wine (non-alcoholic)

Loading

Hunan Chicken

₹300

Marinated chicken cooked with bell peppers, flavoured with wine (non-
alcoholic) and butter

Loading

Schezwan Chicken (12 Pcs)

₹300

Diced marinated chicken tossed in oyster sauce, light soya, flavoured with
wine (non-alcoholic) and schezwan pepper

Loading

Teriyaki Chicken

₹300

Marinated chicken cooked in traditional Japanese teriyaki sauce and flavoured
with wine (non-alcoholic), butter and sesame oil

Loading

Shredded Chicken With Chilli Garlic Sauce

₹310

Shredded chicken and chopped garlic tossed in oyster sauce flavoured with wine
(non-alcoholic)

Loading

Sweet And Sour Chicken (12 Pcs)

₹310

Marinated chicken tossed in tomato, cucumber, carrot, pineapple, capsicum,
onion and butter mixed with sauteed ginger

Loading

General Tso's Chicken (12 Pcs)

₹305

Diced chicken tossed in different sweet and spicy sauces, flavoured with wine
(non-alcoholic)

Loading

Oyster Chicken With Vegetable (12 Pcs)

₹305

Chicken tossed in oyster sauce, dark soya and house chilli sauce along with
vegetables and mushrooms

Loading

Spicy Orange Chicken (12 Pcs)

₹310

Marinated chicken sauteed with fresh vegetables tossed in orange juice and
house sauces

Loading

Sweet And Spicy Pineapple Chicken (12 Pcs)

₹310

Marinated chicken tossed in pineapple and orange juice, garnished with
pineapple & cherry

Loading

Tsing Hoi Chicken

₹305

Marinated chicken, diced vegetables and cashew nuts braised in traditional
tsing hoi and chilli sauce

Loading

Chicken With Cashew Nut And Dry Chilli (12 Pcs)

₹310

Marinated chicken with cashew nut tossed in dark soya and chilli paste,
flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) and dried chillies

Loading

Chowman Special Chicken

₹320

Marinated sliced chicken with assorted vegetables, button mushroom, shiitaki
mushroom, baby corn tossed in chef's special sauces

Loading

Drunken Chicken

₹320

Marinated chicken with bell peppers and button mushroom cooked light soya and
vinegar, flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic)

Loading

Hot Pot Hunan Chicken With Shiitake Mushroom

₹320

Marinated chicken, shiitake mushroom and bell pepper tossed in chilli bean
sauce, chilli sauce and flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic)

Loading

Kung Pao Chicken (12 Pcs)

₹315

Classic Sichuan chicken dish with diced bell pepper, cashew nuts, dry roasted
chillies tossed in hoisin sauce, soy sauce, chilli sauce, flavoured with
sesame oil and wine (non-alcoholic)

Loading

####  Rice

Steamed Rice

₹130

Good old fashioned steamed rice with a hint of lemon leaf

Loading

Coriander Burnt Garlic Veg Rice

₹175

Coriander flavoured rice with carrots, beans and american corn flavoured and
garnished with burnt garlic and coriander leaf

Loading

Basil Fried Rice Veg

₹185

Rice with carrot, beans, american corn flavoured and garnished with basil leaf

Loading

Chilli Garlic Rice Veg

₹185

Rice with carrot, american corn & beans tossed in chilli paste, tomato ketchup
flavoured with chopped garlic

Loading

Moon Fan Fried Rice Veg

₹185

Rice with cabbage, carrot, shiitaki mushroom and flavoured with 5 star spice
powder and wine (non-alcoholic)

Loading

Schezwan Fried Rice Veg

₹185

Rice with carrot, beans, american corn & dry chilli tossed in spicy schezwan
pepper, chilli sauce and tomato sauce

Loading

Lemongrass Fried Rice Veg

₹185

Rice tossed with carrots, beans and american corn, flavoured with lemon grass
and leaves

Loading

Ginger Capsicum Flavoured Rice

₹195

Rice sauteed with shredded bell pepper, ginger and mushroom

Loading

Shanghai Fried Rice Veg

₹200

Rice with bell peppers, broccolli, baby corn, carrots & button mushrooms
tossed in spicy chilli sauce

Loading

Thai Styled Fried Rice Veg

₹200

Traditional Thai styled fried rice with baby corn, broccolli, button mushroom,
basil leaf & lemon leaf tossed in soy sauce, and chilli paste

Loading

Rice With Asian Greens

₹210

Rice sauteed with fresh broccoli, pak choi, carrot, beans, american corn and
button mushroom

Loading

Coriander Burnt Garlic Egg Rice

₹185

Coriander flavoured rice with egg flavoured and garnished with burnt garlic
and coriander leaf

Loading

Egg White Fried Rice

₹210

Fried rice tossed in salt, pepper and egg white garnished with spring onion

Loading

Basil Fried Rice Non-veg

₹195

Rice sauteed with chicken/shrimp and egg, flavoured and garnished with basil
leaf

Loading

Chilli Garlic Rice Non-veg

₹195

Rice with egg and chicken/shrimp tossed in chilli paste, tomato ketchup
flavoured with chopped garlic

Loading

Fried Rice Non-veg

₹215

A filling main course rice meal comprising the basic fried ingredients like
egg, chicken/shrimps garnished with spring onions

Loading

Lemongrass Fried Rice Non-veg

₹195

Rice with chicken/shrimp or both, flavoured with fragrant lemongrass

Loading

Moon Fan Fried Rice Non-veg

₹195

Rice with cabbage, carrot, shiitaki mushroom, egg, chicken/shrimp and
flavoured with 5 star spice powder, star anise and wine

Loading

Schezwan Fried Rice Non-veg

₹195

Rice with egg, chicken /shrimps tossed in spicy schezwan pepper, chilli sauce
and tomato sauce

Loading

Shanghai Fried Rice Non-veg

₹210

Rice with bell peppers, broccolli, baby corn, carrots & button mushrooms
tossed in spicy chilli sauce; mixed with chicken/shirmp and egg

Loading

Thai Styled Fried Rice Non-veg

₹225

Traditional Thai styled fried rice with baby corn, broccolli, button mushroom,
basil leaf & lemon leaf tossed in fish sauce, oyster sauce and chilli paste
along with chicken/shrimp

Loading

Roasted Lamb Rice

₹230

Stir fried lamb mixed with rice and egg served with a sprinkle of spring onion

Loading

Crab Meat Rice

₹265

Rice tossed with minced crab meat and egg; flavoured with wine (non-
alcoholic), garnished with coriander leaf

Loading

Seafood Fried Rice

₹265

A luxury bowl of garlic tossed rice, fried with eggs, shrimps, squids and
crabmeat and garnished by coriander leaves

Loading

Chowman's Special Rice

₹280

Specially curated fried rice in spicy chilli sauce mixed bell peppers, baby
corn, broccolli, button mushroom, carrot with boneless chickens, shrimps and
wrapped in egg

Loading

####  Noodles

Wok Tossed Hakka Noodles Veg

₹180

Wok tossed noodles with vegetables such as cabbage, carrot, capsicum and
mustard plant in light and black soya

Loading

Chilli Garlic Noodles Veg

₹180

Noodles with carrot, cabbage, mustard plant & bell peppers tossed in chilli
paste, tomato ketchup flavoured with chopped garlic

Loading

Schezwan Hakka Noodles Veg

₹180

Noodles with carrot, cabbage, mustard plant, capsicum & dry red chilli tossed
in spicy schezwan pepper and spicy house chilli sauce

Loading

Singapore Noodles Veg

₹180

Noodles tossed in traditional Singapore oil with cabbage, carrot, green
capsicum, mustard plant and tomato

Loading

Cantonese Noodles Veg

₹185

A light, nutrient enriched, boiled noodles in thick white gravy with cabbage,
carrot, beans, capsicums, cauliflower, cabbage & mustard plant

Loading

Shanghai Noodles Veg

₹180

A Shanghai styled noodles prep, also known as the Udon where the noodle is
stir fried in Chilli paste alongside bell peppers, broccolli, baby corn,
carrots & button mushrooms.

Loading

Thai Styled Noodles Veg

₹190

Traditional Thai styled noodles with baby corn, broccolli, button mushroom,
basil leaf & lemon leaf tossed in chilli paste

Loading

Pan Fried Noodles Veg

₹200

Noodles, pan fried and served with thick gravy of diced vegetables, tossed in
oystter sauce, dark soya and flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) with a strong
aroma of shiitake mushroom and bamboo shoots

Loading

Braised Noodles With Bell Pepper,black Mushroom And Spring Onion

₹290

Flat noodles stir-fried with shredded bell peppers and shiitake mushroom
tossed in sesame oil

Loading

Cantonese Noodles

₹210

A light, nutrient enriched, boiled noodles in thick white gravy with cabbage,
carrot, beans, bell peppers, cauliflower & mustard plant along with
chicken/shrimp

Loading

Chilli Garlic Noodles

₹190

Noodles with egg, chicken or shrimp tossed in chilli paste, tomato ketchup
flavoured with chopped garlic

Loading

Pan Fried Noodles

₹220

Noodles, pan fried aand served with thick gravy of diced vegetbles including
chinese cabbage, pak choi, carrot, beans, broccoli, cauliflower, tossed in
oyster sauce, dark soya and flavoured with wine with a strong aroma of
shiitake mushroom, bamboo shoots; along with chicken/shrimp

Loading

Schezwan Hakka Noodles

₹190

Noodles with carrot, cabbage, mustard plant, bell peppers & dry red chilli
alongside egg, chicken / shrimp tossed in spicy schezwan pepper and spicy
house chilli sauce

Loading

Shanghai Noodles

₹190

A Shanghai styled noodles prep, also known as the Udon where the noodle is
stir fried in Chilli paste alongside bell peppers, broccolli, baby corn,
carrots & button mushroom; mixed with chickens/shrimps and egg.

Loading

Singapore Noodles

₹190

Noodles with egg and chicken/shrimp in chopped ginger, cabbage, green capsicum
and mustard plant tossed in traditional Singapore oil, tomato and red chilli

Loading

Thai Styled Noodles

₹210

Traditional Thai styled noodles with baby corn, broccolli, button mushroom,
basil leaf & lemon leaf tossed in soy sauce, oyster sauce and chilli paste
along with chicken/prawn

Loading

Wok Tossed Hakka Noodles

₹190

Wok tossed noodles with egg, shrimp/chicken and cabbage, carrot, capsicum in
light and black soya

Loading

Chowman Special Noodles

₹265

Specially curated stir fried noodles in spicy chilli sauce mixed bell peppers,
baby corn, broccolli, button mushroom, carrot with boneless chickens, prawn
and wrapped in egg

Loading

Stir Fried Seafood Noodles

₹260

Stir fried noodles tossed with corainder leaf and egg with exotic seafoods
like squid and prawn along with egg

Loading

####  Meifoon

Meifoon

₹220

A super-filling thin strands of rice noodles tossed with carrot,onions,
capsicum; garnished with spring onions; along with egg, chicken/shrimp or both

Loading

Schezwan Style Meifoon

₹225

Rice Noodles with carrot, cabbage, mustard plant, bell peppers & dry red
chilli alongside egg, chicken / shrimp tossed in spicy schezwan pepper and
spicy house chilli sauce

Loading

Shanghai Style Meifoon

₹230

Rice Noodles with bell peppers, broccolli, baby corn, carrots & button
mushrooms tossed in spicy chilli sauce; mixed with chicken/shirmp/egg

Loading

Singapore Style Meifoon

₹225

Rice Noodles with cabbage, carrot, green capsicum, mustard plant, tomato, egg,
chicken / shrimp tossed in chopped ginger and chilli, sauteed in Singapore oil

Loading

Thai Styled Meifoon

₹245

Traditional Thai styled rice noodles with baby corn, broccolli, button
mushroom, basil leaf & lemon leaf tossed in soy sauce, oyster sauce and chilli
paste along with chicken/prawn

Loading

Seafood Meifoon

₹295

Rice noodles with exotic seafood like prawn, squid tossed with garlic and egg
flavoured with wine (non-alcoholic) and garnished with coriander leaf

Loading

Meifoon Veg

₹210

A super-filling thin strands of rice noodles tossed with carrot,onions,
capsicum; garnished with spring onions

Loading

Schezwan Style Meifoon Veg

₹215

Rice Noodles with carrot, cabbage, mustard plant, bell peppers & dry red
chilli tossed in spicy schezwan pepper and spicy house chilli sauce

Loading

Singapore Style Meifoon Veg

₹215

Coming in its gorgeous colour and texture, we have Singapore styled Meifoon
comprising rice noodles with vegetables like carrot, cabbage, capsicum tossed
in chopped ginger and chilli, sauteed in Singapore oil

Loading

Thai Styled Meifoon Veg

₹225

Traditional Thai styled rice noodles with baby corn, broccolli, button
mushroom, basil leaf & lemon leaf tossed in soy sauce, and chilli paste

Loading

Shanghai Style Meifoon Veg

₹220

Rice Noodles with bell peppers, broccolli, baby corn, carrots & button
mushrooms tossed in spicy chilli sauce

Loading

####  Chop Suey

American Chopsuey Veg

₹230

Noodles fried to crisp and served with thick gravy of vegetables including
cabbage, carrot, capsicum, tomato and mustard plant tossed in sweet flavourful
tomato based sauces

Loading

Chinese Chopsuey Veg

₹240

A highly proteinous, and nutrients enriched dish comprising noodles fried to
crisp and served with vegetables such as cabbage, carrot, capsicum, broccoli,
beans, pak choi and cauliflower cooked in non spicy white gravy

Loading

American Chopsuey Non Veg

₹245

Noodles fried to crisp and served with thick gravy of vegetables including
cabbage, carrot, capsicum, tomato and mustard plant tossed in sweet flavourful
tomato based sauces along with chicken and prawn topped with egg poach

Loading

Chinese Chopsuey Non Veg

₹255

Noodles fried to crisp and served with vegetables such as cabbage, carrot,
capsicum, broccoli, beans, pak choi and cauliflower along with chicken and
prawn cooked in non spicy white gravy

Loading

Seafood Chopsuey Chinese

₹290

A plethora of luxury seafood ingredients comprising Prawn, squid with the
basic base of Chinese Chopsuey in super-filling portions

Loading

####  Thai

Vegetables In Green Curry

₹265

Vegetables sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in chilli- coriander
paste and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon

Loading

Vegetables In Red Curry

₹265

Vegetables sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in red chilli paste
and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon

Loading

Fish In Green Curry (10 Pcs)

₹360

Sliced fish and baby corn sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in
chilli- coriander paste and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon.

Loading

Fish In Red Curry (10 Pcs)

₹360

Sliced fish and baby corn sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in red
chilli paste and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon.

Loading

Chicken In Green Curry

₹320

Sliced chicken and baby corn sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in
chilli- coriander paste and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon

Loading

Chicken In Red Curry

₹320

Sliced chicken and baby corn sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in
red chilli paste and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon

Loading

Prawn In Green Curry (8 Pcs)

₹405

Prawn and baby corn sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in chilli-
coriander paste and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon

Loading

Prawn In Red Curry (8 Pcs)

₹405

Prawn and baby corn sauteed with bamboo shoot, lemon grass tossed in red
chilli paste and coconut milk finished with a squeeze of lemon

Loading

####  Dessert & Beverages

Darshan

₹120

A hearty desert made with the fried Wonton noodles, dripping honey and
sprinkles of sesame seeds

Loading

Coca Cola

₹55

Loading

Sprite

₹55

Loading

Thums Up

₹55

Loading

####  Flavourful Sauces

Chilli Mustard Sauce (50 Ml)

₹30

Made with Crushed mustard seeds, lemon juice, and other flavorings and spices,
to create bright yellow sauce giving it a spicy, tangy & pungent taste.

Loading

Sweet Chilli Sauce (50 Ml)

₹30

As the name goes, sweet & spicy in taste, made with honey and chilli flakes,
goes best with any fried items.

Loading

Bean And Nut Sauce (50 Ml)

₹30

Sauce made with fermented black bean & crushed peanuts, non - spicy & salty in
taste, goes best with Spicy Noodles, Rice and any steamed dishes

Loading

Chilli Tamarind Sauce (50 Ml)

₹30

This sauce is made with tamarind and chillies, giving you the right hit of
sourness and spice at the same time. You can have it with almost anything!

Loading

Sriracha Mayo Sauce (50 Ml)

₹30

Who doesn’t love mayonnaise! We have given it a spicy twist by adding sriracha
seasoning to it. Goes best with deep fried starters!

Loading

Hot Pepper Sauce (50 Ml)

₹30

Made with crushed pepper and spring onion, this is hot and salty in taste.
Accompanies the best with gravy noodles, stir fried noodles, dim-sums, momos
etc

Loading

Peanut Sauce (50 Ml)

₹30

Sauce made with ground roasted peanuts, coconut milk & lemon, Sweet & Nutty in
taste and accompanies best with satay, any fried starters. It will surely take
you to a Thai Journey!

Loading

Thai Chilli Sauce (50 Ml)

₹30

This sauce is a flavour bomb, made with chilies, lemon grass, peanut, lemon
leaves, garlic giving it a spicy & tangy flavor. Mix it with anything and
enjoy!

Loading

### Cuisines

####

Chinese

####

Asian

####

Thai

####

Oriental

####

Seafood

####

Desserts

####

Grocery, Staples And Personal Care

####

Sichuan

more

### Facilities & Features

####

Seating Available

####

Takeaway Available

more

### Must Haves

Kung Pao Chicken  Chinese Food  Cheesecake  Noodles  Curry  Starters

### About

This restaurant serves delicious and authentic Chinese cuisine. The economic
menu offers a wide range of choice and each and every dish is prepared using
fresh ingredients.

### Address

GM 404, Ground Floor, Ward 89, Hennur Road, 2nd Block Extension, Kalyan Nagar,
Bangalore Get Directions

####  Albums

Photos (37)

Food Menu (13)

### Cuisines

####

Chinese

####

Asian

####

Thai

####

Oriental

####

Seafood

####

Desserts

####

Grocery, Staples And Personal Care

####

Sichuan

more

### Facilities & Features

####

Seating Available

####

Takeaway Available

more

### Must Haves

Kung Pao Chicken  Chinese Food  Cheesecake  Noodles  Curry  Starters

###  Ratings & Reviews

4.0/5

Rating based on 24 claims

* * *

Spurti

4 Followers

20 May 2022

* Outlet Rating

Loved the service at this place

Nagaraju Anagani

17 Apr 2022

* Magicpay Rating

Loved the quality of service at this place

Manish Raj

52 Followers

25 Mar 2022

* Outlet Rating

Loved the quality of service, ambience, safety precautions, taste, and price,
promotions, & discounts at this place

View all reviews

####  Albums

Photos (37)

Food Menu (13)

×

### Restaurants related to Chowman

Restaurants in Kalyan Nagar, Bangalore Restaurants in Bangalore Chinese
restaurants in Kalyan Nagar Bangalore  Asian restaurants in Kalyan Nagar
Bangalore

Your Order

Add Item to proceed

"nx_t": "Aug. 8, 2022, 1:07 a.m.","as_t": ""

