https://www.indiatoday.in/magazine/supplement/story/20060814-new-restaurants-in-delhi-mainland-china-ssutra-vera-pizza-784837-2006-08-14


Jump to navigation

  * IndiaToday
  * Malayalam
  * IndiaTodayNE
  * Business Today
  * DailyO
  * Aaj Tak
  * Lallantop
  * Bangla
  * GNTTV
  * iChowk
  * Reader’s Digest

  * News
  * LIVE TV

  * APP
  * Magazine

  * __Login

  *   * Home
  * MY FEED
  * India 
  * World 
  * Business 
  * Tech
  * Movies 
  * CWG 2022
  * Science
  * Best Colleges

X

__

__

__

__

____

__

  * Health 
  * Trending
  * Videos 
  * Education
  * Auto 
  * Cryptocurrency 
  * Cities 
  * Crime
  * Lifestyle 
  * Binge Watch 
  * Television 
  * Interactives
  * Visual Stories
  * Horoscopes
  * Fact Check 
  * DIU
  * NewsMo 
  * Shopping
  * Gaming
  * CODE OF ETHICS
  * Dark Mode

Speak Now

  
Listening  

Re SpeakSubmit

x

Get the latest PDF of India Today Magazine just for Rs.59/-

DOWNLOAD

News

Magazine

SUPPLEMENTS

Simply Delhi

New restaurants in Delhi offering culinary dolce vita

# New restaurants in Delhi offering culinary dolce vita

## It's time to whet your appetite as a clutch of new restaurants rain down on
the city with some culinary dolce vita.  

advertisement

india today digital

August 14, 2006

ISSUE DATE: August 14, 2006

UPDATED: February 9, 2012 13:13 IST

Pandering To Palates

Nothing whets the appetite more than rain. Of any kind. With a clutch of new
restaurants raining down on the capital, each offering a different take on the
culinary dolce vita, Delhi's gourmets have reason to celebrate.

Don't make do with pakoras and coffee. Instead dig into a vividly imaginative
palette that goes from Thai treats like Phat Karthiem Phrik Thai to
scrumptious Quattro Formaggi to Mother India favourite Chatpatey Aloo. Five
new restaurants, each with its own special recipe to lure the most discerning
of foodies, have cleverly marked their territory in the NCR.

SIMPLY DELHI tells you where to head for some monsoon manna.  
  
 _ **MAINLAND CHINA**_  

 **

Mainland China**  

* * *

**Main draw** Tofu delight, crackling spinach, soft shelled crab with greens,
sliced lamb in chilli broth; Tsing Hoi chicken, sea bass with ginger and soya  
  
---  
  
They say the success of a restaurant depends on three things: location,
location and location. Well, restaurateur Anjan Chatterjee couldn't have
located his Mainland China in a better spot. The 155-cover restaurant sits
cheek by jowl with Baba Ling's Imperial Garden, which is a huge favourite with
the capital's hot & sour brigade, and in the same complex as Amritsari Rang.
In other words, it's tailored for walk-ins.

Given its significant brand equity, a lot of Delhiites have eaten at-or at
least heard of-the Mainland outlets in the other metros, and drop in to check
out the restaurant when they're in the neighbourhood. An easy, uncluttered
ambience and a surfeit of eager-to-please staff get them to sample the
offerings. Good food and competitive pricing get them back. Voila, you have a
hit.  
  
As the name suggests, the restaurant propagates the cuisine of all the key
Chinese provinces, be it Hubei, Canton or Yunan. The ingredients are said to
be imported from China, the fish and seafood come from Kolkata. Though the
staff deny it, there is some bit of Indianisation, but that no doubt enhances
the mainstream appeal. (In fact, do check out the sizzling mustard sauce that
is served with the starters: one suspects it comes from sister restaurant Oh!
Calcutta.)

Vegetarians must have the Crackling Spinach (Rs 160), which is better than
what you get at House of Ming. But the items that have really kickstarted this
four-week-old restaurant are the dimsums. Apparently, they have become so
popular that the restaurant is doing some 500 pieces a day and the dimsum chef
is wondering whether this is Indian New Year time.

Diehard Taipan-ers may take time to convert but Mainland's dimsums,
particularly the Prawn Tofu Delight and Chicken Hargao, are worth a try at Rs
140 a plate. For the main course, the Whole Sea Bass with Ginger and Soya (Rs
495), Cantonese Crab (Rs 350), Tsing Hoi chicken (Rs 210) and Vegetables in
Chinese Parsley Sauce are recommended.

Skip dessert if you want but even carb-haters would do well to have the Lotus
Wrapped Rice with Corn Kernels and Pinenuts.

At: Local Shopping Centre, Masjid Moth. Ph: 29222123 /129. Meal for two: Rs
750.  
  
 _ **SSUTRA**_  

 **

Ssutra**  

* * *

**Top draws** Phat Thai-Chae, Phat Karthiem Phrik Thai, Chicken in Red and
Green Curry, Phat Met Mamuang and Phat Bai Kapaiow  
  
---  
  
Run by Darpann Kochhar, who also owns a lifestyle store in Vasant Kunj, this
2,500 sq ft, 75-cover restaurant spells minimalism and provides a welcome
breather from the loud restaurants one normally finds in the area. It serves
Thai, Chinese and Indian food, but it's the Thai that scores. (Not surprising
when you learn that Chilli Seasson and Red Hot Chilli Cafe's Sudha Kukreja is
the food consultant here).

We recommend the Phat Thai-chae, which is stir fried noodles with peanuts,and
the Phat karthiem phrik Thai, which is chicken with garlic and pepper. Bon
apetit.

At: A/2, Naraina Vihar. Ph: 41415398/9. Meal for two: Rs 700 (plus taxes)  
  
 _ **VERA PIZZA**_  

 **

Vera Pizza**  

* * *

**Top draws** Salumi Piccante, Farrotto with vegetables and Ricotta Stuffed
Tortellon  
  
---  
  
Corporates at Cyber Green, one of Gurgaon's IT hubs can now think beyond
Domino's. Spread over 1,300 sq ft, Vera Pizza is a new pizza outlet by Tonino,
the Italian fine dining restaurant on MG Road. Complete with candlelit tables,
a wood fire oven-which definitely ms adds to the food flavour-this pizzeria
looks set to lure in diners by the dozen.

Best eats for pizzas include quattro formaggi (tomato, and four types of
cheese, gorgonzola, scamorza, mozzarella and cheddar in olive oil), and
straccetti (tomato, garlic, mozzarella and chicken). Antipasti includes
bruschetta conolio (garlic bread with olive oil) while the best pick on the
soups list is creamy chicken soup blended with broccoli. Desserts include
tiramisu and warm chocolate lasagna.

At: E-2, DLF Cyber Green, Phase 3, Gurgaon. Ph: 95124-4114447-9. Meal for two:
Rs 800 (plus taxes)  
  
 _ **PULSE**_  

 **

Pulse**  

* * *

**Top draws** Chatpatey Aloo, Paneer Roll, Paneer Tikka, Chicken Seekh Roll,
Chicken Seekh Kabab, Mixed Vegetables & Butter Chicken  
  
---  
  
Feeling hungry after a metro ride? Try Pulse at Netaji Subhash Station,
Pitampura. The purple exterior is in sharp contrast to the beige-black
interior. Soft comfortable couches, indoor plants and an open kitchen make it
a fine dining experience. The 38-cover Pulse, spread over 1,300 sq ft, is the
first standalone restaurant of the Poddar Heritage Group in Delhi. The Group
has an outlet in the food court at Rajouri Garden which opened in February.
The best part here is the pricing.

Order a chicken seekh roll for just Rs 55 (and have it served to you in under
10 minutes) while the chatpatey aloo takes less than five minutes to whisk up.
Quick service, low prices and good Indian food is the USP here. For Rs 99, you
can have dal tadka or dal makhani, channa masala or jeera aloo, butter paneer
or palak corn, mattar pulao or jeera rice, tandoori roti or naan, raita and a
dessert. Non-vegetarians can enjoy Pulse's speciality shahi chicken, kadahi
chicken and mutton curry. For dessert try the delicious gulab jamun.

At: Netaji Subhash Place Metro Station, Pitampura, Ph: 32502695. Meal for two
Rs 250 (with taxes)  
  
 _ **THE MONK**_  

 **

The Monk**  

* * *

**Top draws** Noodles with asparagus, bamboo shoot, baby corn and onion cubes
with black beans; Dumplings Basket; Oriental Tea  
  
---  
  
Built on the lines of a modern Asian open eatery, The Monk scores well on two
counts: the Oriental cuisine it serves, as well as the classy ambience. But be
warned, its not exactly cheap. The live cooking counter and the sight of
diners putting away piping hot food is enough to lure in hungry shoppers at
this 50-cover semi-enclosed restaurant at the Galaxy Towers. (The Monk is on
the first floor).

Plush wooden interiors, mood lighting and casual furniture make up the dcor.
Go for the succulent dumplings basket, which has options in chicken, prawn,
chestnut, bamboo shoot, babycorn and an assortment of vegetables. Soups
include ginger clear chicken and spiced vegetables with garlic flakes. Other
bestsellers here are the Teppan style Udon noodles with prawns, river sole,
squid with XO sauce.

At: NH 8, Sector 15, Part 2, Gurgaon. Ph: 95124-4032222. Meal for two: Rs
1,000 (with taxes)  

__

__

__

Posted bysite admin

advertisement

MAGAZINE ISSUES

  * 202220212020201920182017201620152014201320122011201020092008200720062005200420032002200120001999
  * 199819971996199519941993199219911990198919881987198619851984198319821981198019791978197719761975

### READ THIS

  * US Navy ship Charles Drew arrives in India for repair; major boost to 'Aatmanirbharta in Defence'

  * #NationalAnthem trends on Rabindranath Tagore’s death anniversary as netizens share clips

  * Rishi Sunak’s one complaint about wife involves shoes, clothes

  * 'Safety is paramount': Aviation minister as glitches, mishaps plague Indian airlines

advertisement

### Recommended

### Watch Right Now

  * 34:20

Watch: Isro launches inaugural SSLV with EOS-02, AzadiSAT

  * 12:01

Indian airlines Akasa Air’s first flight takes off on Mumbai-Ahmedabad route

  * 04:08

NIA busts ISIS terror module, accused arrested from Delhi's Batla House

  * 03:36

RCP Singh resigns from JD(U) amid graft charges

  * 04:14

Manish Sisodia blames ex-L-G for excise loss in Delhi, seeks CBI probe

### Top Takes

  * 34:20

Watch: Isro launches inaugural SSLV with EOS-02, AzadiSAT

  * 12:01

Indian airlines Akasa Air’s first flight takes off on Mumbai-Ahmedabad route

  * 01:52

After Udaipur and Amravati, man attacked with sharp weapon in Ahmednagar for
supporting Nupur Sharma

advertisement

INDIATODAY.IN

  *  __
  *  __
  *  __
  * ____

  * 

advertisement

#### Publications:

  * Business Today
  * Cosmopolitan
  * India Today - Hindi
  * India Today
  * Mail Today
  * Money Today
  * Reader's Digest
  * Time

#### Television:

  * Aaj Tak
  * Delhi Aaj Tak
  * Good News Today
  * India Today TV

#### Radio:

  * Ishq FM

#### Gaming:

  * India Today Gaming
  * World Esports Cup
  * Esports Premier League

#### Education:

  * India Today Education
  * Vasant Valley
  * Best Colleges India 2018
  * Best Universities India 2018
  * Aajtak Campus National Aptitude test

#### Online Shopping:

#### Events:

  * Agenda Aajtak
  * India Today Conclave
  * Robb Report India 2018
  * Sahitya Aaj Tak
  * The Red Lab

#### Printing:

  * Thomson Press

#### Welfare:

  * Care Today

#### Music:

  * Music Today

#### Syndications:

  * India content
  * Headlines Today

#### Distribution:

  * Rate Card

#### Useful Links :

  * Partners
  * Press Release
  * Sitemap
  * News
  * Newsletter
  * Privacy Policy
  * Correction Policy

###### Download App

  *   *   * 

Copyright © 2022 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications
Today

Add IndiaToday to Home Screen

