https://www.womanscribbles.net/sweet-and-spicy-squid/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * Home
  * About
  * Contact
  * Subscribe
  * Scribbles
  * Shop
  * Privacy Policy and Disclosure
  * Search this website

  * Recipe Index
  * bread
  * Cakes
  * Savory
  * Portfolio

Search this website

_by_ sanna _last updated_ June 25, 2022 _posted_ November 2, 2017 3 Comments

# Sweet and Spicy Squid Recipe

  * 87
  *   * 1.0K
  * 

Jump to Recipe

  _Succulent squid gets slathered in a tasty sauce in this sweet and spicy
squid recipe. Sweetness and tang from ketchup, and heat from the chili
peppers, this dish is so versatile that you can eat it alone or with heaps of
rice._

 Jump to Recipe            Print Recipe

Today, I embrace the country where I come from. Being a Filipino does not
really go away in my heart, and though I live worlds apart from the
Philippines, the foods we eat, the things we do and the language we speak are
all native to my home country.

Hop on to any Filipino residence here in Winnipeg and it is not surprising
that TVs are playing Filipino soap operas and the kitchens smell of pure
Filipino home cooking.

Come to any Filipino gathering and the stories, the food and the people will
transport you back in our country in an instant.





Today's dish is very Filipino and it is another variation to cook one of the
favorite Filipino seafoods, the squid, or _pusit._ Adobo is one common way to
cook it but this sweet and spicy squid is another favorite.

This dish has a sweet note from the sugar with hints of heat and spice from
the chili peppers. I love how the flavors are  balance of sweet, salty and
spicy. That makes the sauce of this dish so luxurious and tasty. I can smother
it all over my rice and eat away.

### Pointers for Cooking Sweet and Spicy Squid

  * You can use more or fewer chili peppers as you prefer.
  * If using frozen squid, thaw the squid and drain it in a colander. Squid can produce excess water upon cooking so this step gets rid of extra liquid later in cooking.
  * Do not be tempted overcook the squid or it becomes tough and chewier.

Eat this dish as your main meal, or have it as an appetizer, this sweet and
spicy squid is going to excite your taste buds with all the wonderful flavors
in it.



You can never really go wrong with a really tasty, rich and saucy dish, can
you?



Looking for more Filipino recipes for your next meal? Also, try:

  * Burger Steak with Mushroom Gravy
  * Filipino Style Lasagna
  * Pancit Canton with Sardines
  * Tortang Dulong

5 from 1 vote

Print

## Sweet And Spicy Squid

This sweet and spicy squid is a delicious variation to cook pusit, aside from
the Filipino Adobo style.

Course Main Course

Cuisine Asian, Filipino

Prep Time 20 minutes

Cook Time 30 minutes

Total Time 50 minutes

Servings 6

Author sanna

### Ingredients

  * 1 1/2 lb squid frozen and thawed, backbone removed
  * 3 tbsp. cooking oil
  * 3 cloves garlic minced
  * 1 pieces chilli siling labuyo, minced ( more or less as you prefer)
  * 3 tbsp. soy sauce
  * 2 tbsp. brown sugar
  * 3 tbsp. tomato ketchup

### Instructions

  1. Drain squid in a colander for about 15 -20 minutes.(This is important because squid produces lots of water during cooking. Draining it beforehand will minimize water production later) Slice each squid into three to four pieces to produce squid rings.

  2. Heat oil in cooking pan or wok then add in the garlic and pepper. Saute for about two minutes while constantly tossing.

  3. Add in the sugar and the soy sauce and stir mixture for 2 minutes. Add in squid and let cook for about 10-15 minutes, until the squid is tender. Stir occasionally. At this stage, squid will produce more water.

  4. Once the squid is tender, add in ketchup and stir until the ketchup is evenly distributed. Turn off heat and serve hot.







### Related Posts

  * Thursday Thoughts
  * Sweet and Tangy Meatballs
  * Raspberry Cake with Chantilly Cream
  * Boursin Cheese Pasta with Roasted Vegetables and Bacon
  * Boston Cream Pie
  * Mama of Two

__

##  Made this recipe?

###  I would love to see! Tag me @sanna.womanscribbles on Instagram

### Get more posts like this straight to your email…

  * 87
  *   * 1.0K
  * 

Filed Under: Savory Tagged With: pusit, spicy, squid

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Joseph Guzman says

July 10, 2021 at 1:07 pm

I am Puerto Rican and made this for my Filipina wife. She was so impressed and
loved it. This recipe was so easy to follow and the results were amazing .
Thanks for helping me score cool points with my wife .

Reply

    * sanna says

July 13, 2021 at 10:00 am

Hi Joseph. I am so happy your wife loved it. Thanks.

  2. Anonymous says

February 20, 2014 at 6:44 pm

hi i have sent you an email about an exciting tv opportunity. Hoping to hear a
response from you thanks Fatima. i sent it to your gmail account.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

Search this website

### Meet Sanna

Hi! I am sanna. A mom, wife, a pastry lover, a bread nerd and so in love with
yoga. Read More…

### Follow me

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

### Get new posts to email

### Baked Goodies

## Yeast Donuts with White Chocolate Glaze

## Greek Bread (Tsoureki)

## Apple Challah

## Pandesal ( Filipino Bread Rolls)

## Apple Sticky Buns

## Cinnamon Loaf Bread with Medjool Date Filling

## Footer

Sanna is a wife and mother of three, living in Manitoba Canada. Her passion
for baking, making good food and writing sparked her desire to start Woman
Scribbles.

She loves yoga, pastries, reading books and camping during the summer. She
loves cilantro, avocado toast, and a real crispy fried chicken.

### Receive recipes via email

Privacy Policy and Disclosure

  * About
  * Contact
  * Privacy Policy and Disclosure
  * Shop

* Copyright (C) 2022 WomanScribbles *

__

__

###

  * Home
  * About Woman Scribbles
  * Contact
  * Recipe Index
  * Woman Scribbles Life
  * Shop
  * Privacy Policy and Disclosure

× Close Panel

  *   *   *   *   * 

