https://www.sizzlefish.com/blogs/recipes-to-try/honey-chili-glazed-grilled-scallops


Skip to content

Pause slideshow Play slideshow

Call Us Mon-Fri, 7-4 ET At: (833) 603-0888

Call Us Mon-Fri, 7-4 ET At: (833) 603-0888

Fast Free Shipping on Orders $100+

Fast Free Shipping On Orders $100+

... Site navigation

Sizzlefish

Search Close

Search Account  0 Cart  ... Site navigation

Close

Search Close Cancel

  * Our Products 

Fish

All products  Most Popular  Salmon  Chilean Sea Bass  Sablefish  Halibut  Cod
Haddock  Catfish  Trout  Smoked Fish  Rockfish  Tuna  Snapper  Walleye
Grouper  Mahi Mahi

Shellfish

All Shellfish  Shrimp  Scallops  Lobster  Calamari  All Domestic Crab  Alaska
Snow Crab Legs  Crab Cakes  King Crab  Clams  Soft Shell Crab  Dungeness Crab

Grass-Fed Beef

All Beef  Filet Mignon  New York Strip  Ribeyes  Ground Beef

Gifts & Assortments

All Seafood Assortments  Popular Gift Boxes

  * Subscriptions 

    * Learn More 
    * Manage Your Subscription 

  * Discover 

Health

Omega-3s and Heart Health  Seafood Health Benefits  Fish & Joint Health
Allergy Fighting Seafood  Seafood & Stress Relief  Seafood & Vitamin D  5
Reasons Runners Eat Fish  Is Fish Oil the 21st Century Snake Oil?  Good Habits
for Boosting Brain Health  Low Histamine Seafood

Nutrition

The Keto Diet  Keto Diet Results  Eating Well  Essential Omega-3s  Fish Myths
Busted  Spicing Up Your Seafood  Fresh vs Frozen Food  Today's Diets
Intermittent Fasting  Your Diet & Dimentia

Featured Reading

Proper Thawing  Bristol Bay and the Pebble Mine Project  Fish for Weight Loss
The History of Fish Fridays  Grain Fed Vs Grass Fed Beef  Seafood & Wine
Pairings  Water Soluble vs Fat Soluble Vitamins  Types of Crab

Recipes

Finfish Recipes  Shellfish Recipes  Whole30 Recipes  Gluten Free Recipes
Ketogenic Recipes

  * About 

    * Our Story 
    * FAQs 
    * Contact Us 
    * Referral Program 

Search Close

Goes great with

Quick shop Add to cart

Wild Alaska King Salmon

4 & 6 Oz Portions

from $2195 from $21.95

"Close (esc)"

Quick shop Add to cart

Wild Alaska Sockeye Salmon

4 & 6 Oz Portions

from $1395 from $13.95

"Close (esc)"

Quick shop Add to cart

Wild Alaska Halibut

4+ Oz Portions

from $1795 from $17.95

"Close (esc)"

Quick shop Add to cart

Wild Chilean Sea Bass

4+ Oz Portions

from $2495 from $24.95

"Close (esc)"

Add order note  Close

Subtotal

$0.00

Check out

Shipping, taxes, and discount codes calculated at checkout.

Your cart is currently empty.

  * Shop

#### Fish

#### Shellfish

#### Beef

#### Subscriptions

  * Best Sellers
  * All Products
  * Our Story
  * Recipes
  * Log in

# Honey Chili Glazed Grilled Scallops

Jun 25, 2020

star

## Honey Chili Glazed Grilled Scallops

Sarena

Rated 4.0 stars by 2 users

Category

Entree

Servings

4

Prep Time

10 minutes

Cook Time

20 minutes

Calories

154

### This recipe for Honey Chili Glazed Grilled Scallops is a show stopper for
sure. The sweet succulent scallops charred to perfection then coated with a
sticky-sweet sauce finished with a splash of fresh lime juice are just the
perfect bites of deliciousness!

  

Sizzlefish scallops are harvested in the Mid Atlantic harvest area off the
coast of Maryland. Our dry pack scallops are shucked and then frozen
“unprocessed” which means they are never soaked in water or preservative
solutions before freezing. Our 5+ oz packages make for the perfect portions
making it easy to cook for 1 or more to suit your needs.

  

Preparing these delicious morsels could not be easier, especially with this
recipe. As always, you want to make sure your scallops are fully thawed and
dried well. To achieve this, thaw the scallops in the refrigerator overnight.
Before preparing to cook, fully dry the individual scallops with dry paper
towels. Lay them out then season them according to the recipe directions.  

  

Grilling the scallops is a game-changer for sure. We even tested our non-
scallop lovers on this (we know, shocking they are out there) and they loved
this cooking method. Not only is this an incredibly easy way to cook scallops,
but we absolutely love the slight char the grill gives them. We pared our
grilled scallops with a sticky sweet Honey Chili Glaze and fresh lime wedges.
This is simply the perfect flavor combination. We also love the fact that this
recipe can be used as an appetizer or as a main dish. If serving as a main
dish, we suggest pairing the scallops with coconut jasmine rice and freshly
steamed broccoli or over a bed of cauliflower rice.  

  *   * Share on Twitter
  * Share on Facebook
  * Share on Pinterest

### Ingredients

  * 4 5oz packages Sizzlefish Scallops

  * 1 TBSP Sesame Oil

  * Kosher Salt, to taste

  * Freshly Ground Black Pepper, to taste

  * 3 TBSP Honey

  * 3 TBSP Coconut Aminos or Soy Sauce

  * 3 TBSP Water

  * 1 TBSP Rice Vinegar

  * 1 tsp Garlic Chili Paste

  * 2 Garlic Cloves, minced

View Cart (0) Checkout

### Directions

  1. Season the scallops with salt and ground black pepper.

  2. Drizzle the sesame oil over the seasoned scallops then toss to evenly coat well. Set aside.

  3. Heat up the grill to medium-high.

  4. While the grill heats up, prepare the sauce by mixing the honey, coconut aminos, water, rice vinegar, chili paste, and minced garlic in a small saucepan. Whisk to combine well.

  5. Cook over medium-low while the scallops are on the grill. Simmer for 10-15 minutes. Add a little more water if needed to form a glaze that is thick, but easily pourable.

  6. When the grill is heated, place the scallops on a grill cook on each side for about 2 minutes or until cooked throughout and a slight char has formed on them.

  7. When fully cooked, place on a plate and serve with the honey chili glaze and fresh lime wedges.

* * *

### Leave a comment

Name

Email

Message

Please note, comments must be approved before they are published

Post comment

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of
Service apply.

* * *

Back to Featured Seafood Recipes

Sort

Featured Recipes

Finfish Recipes

  * salmon
  * Chilean Sea Bass
  * Halibut
  * cod
  * Haddock
  * Trout
  * Catfish
  * sablefish
  * rockfish
  * Tuna
  * Red Snapper
  * Walleye

Shellfish Recipes

  * Shrimp
  * Scallops
  * Crab Cakes
  * Snow Crab Legs
  * Soft-Shell Crabs
  * Lobster
  * Clams
  * Calamari
  * Mussels

Beef Recipes

All Recipes

Subscribe today and get 10% off your first purchase

  * +1 833 603 0888

  * Instagram
  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Pinterest

###  

  * Our Story
  * Subscriptions
  * Gifts & Assortments
  * Recipes

###  

  * FAQ
  * Affiliate Program
  * Accessibility Statement 
  * Press
  * Contact Us
  * Privacy Policy
  * Do Not Sell My Personal Information (CCPA)
  * My account

###  

"Close (esc)"

"Close (esc)"

