https://www.indianhealthyrecipes.com/capsicum-rice-recipe-capsicum-pulao/


Skip to content

Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About

Search

Toggle Menu

Search

# Capsicum Rice Recipe

Home >> Recipes >> Rice Recipes

Byswasthi

46 Comments

__WhatsApp

 __Share 3K

 __Pin 466

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

3K Shares

Capsicum rice recipe with stovetop & instant pot instructions. Rice dishes
never get old. Definitely not given the sheer number of variations available.
This hot bell pepper rice is one such alternate way to enjoy a bowl of
mouthwatering and aromatic rice. Filled with the goodness of capsicum aka bell
peppers and peas and the lingering taste of warm spices, this is a flavor some
and vibrant rice dish. An ideal lunch box option, it makes a great dinner for
busy days.

* * *

The crunch, taste and texture of one-pot capsicum pulao make it a delicious
addition to potluck and party menus. Before you learn how to make the best
capsicum rice, let's find out what goes into this quick and easy dish.

## About Capsicum Rice

A delectable dish is made with rice, assorted bell peppers, peas that have
been infused with aromatics like onions and garlic. The warm ground spices and
herbs imbibe their flavors into the vegetables and cooked rice.

The beauty of this dish is that it requires minimal ingredients and provides
maximum flavor. The pungent garam masala and zesty mint-coriander combine with
hot and sweet tones of bell peppers to create a distinct and unmistakable
savor.

Like most vegetable **rice recipes** , this dish is forgiving and adaptable.
You can add other vegetables to increase the nutrient value or adjust the
spice levels to match yours. All this without losing out on taste or
mouthfeel.

Masala bell pepper rice is a complete meal and doesn't need accompaniments.
Add a simple **raita** , papads, **kachumber** and **curd rice** to your menu
if you like an elaborate spread.

**Contents** hide

1 About Capsicum Rice

2 How To Make Capsicum Rice (Stepwise photos)

3 Pro tips

4 Recipe Card

### My recipe

My capsicum rice (pulao) comes together in 15 minutes or less with precooked
or leftover rice. This easy to cook meal takes 30-35 minutes when you're
cooking everything from scratch.

Save time when you're cooking this for dinner by batch cooking rice and
prepping veggies in advance. All that's left is to make the bell pepper masala
which takes about 10 minutes.

My recipe is vegan and gluten-free and uses onions, mixed bell peppers and
peas.

Want to make this more wholesome and healthier? Add another nutrient-rich
vegetables like carrot, sweet potato, squash, eggplant, green beans or
cauliflower, and even a bit of chopped greens like spinach.

I've used mint and coriander leaves in this recipes as I love the flavor and
aroma of fresh herbs in my dishes. Add more or less of herbs and other spices
in the recipe according to your preference.

Time to load the lunch box with yummy capsicum rice.

For more **Rice recipes**, check  
 **Veg tehri  
Kuska rice  
Veg pulao  
Ghee rice**

Advertisement

## How To Make Capsicum Rice (Stepwise photos)

### Prepare rice

I made 2x of the recipe so you will find double the ingredients in the recipe.

1\. Wash and soak 1 cup rice for at least 15 to 20 minutes. Drain and cook the
rice without making it mushy. You can cook in a pot or pressure cooker. Fluff
up and cool the rice. You may skip this step if you have 2.5 to 3 cups of
precooked rice.

### How To Make Bell Pepper Rice

2\. While the rice cooks, add 1 tablespoon oil to a pan. Add

  * ½ teaspoon cumin seeds (jeera)
  * 2 green cardamoms, 2 cloves, 1 inch cinnamon, 1 strand of mace, 1 star anise 
  * 1 bay leaf or 1 sprig curry leaves 

If you don't have the whole spices you may skip them.

3\. When the spices sizzle, add 1 medium sliced onion and 1 slit green chili.
Fry until the onions turn transparent. Skip green chilli if you are making for
kids.

4\. Add half tablespoon ginger garlic paste.

5\. Fry until the ginger garlic smells aromatic.

Advertisement

6\. Add 1 cup chopped capsicum and ¼ cup peas. Saute for 3 to 4 minutes until
aromatic & the bell peppers turn slightly tender but not too soft. If you want
you can also add diced boiled potato (cooked to fork tender and not over
cooked)

7\. Sprinkle

  * ½ teaspoon salt
  * 1/8 teaspoon turmeric
  * ¼ teaspoon red chili powder
  * ¾ teaspoon masala powder
  * 2 tablespoons each chopped mint leaves and coriander leaves.

8\. Stir fry for about 2 to 3 minutes.

Advertisement

9\. Optionally if the veggies are too dry, sprinkle 2 tbsp. water and cook on
a low to medium flame. This also brings out the aroma of capsicum and spices.
Evaporate the water completely. Turn off the heat.

10\. Take off the stove and place the pan on the counter. Add cooled rice. Do
not add very hot rice, if it is slightly hot its fine.

11\. Mix well. Taste test and adjust salt if needed. Add lemon juice and mix
well.

Serve capsicum rice with papad, curd, raita or chaas. The flavors enhance
after a brief resting period (around an hour).

More **capsicum recipes**  
 **capsicum masala curry  
Simple capsicum fry  
capsicum chutney**

## Pro tips

How to get the perfect texture, pepperiness and tang? I've a few suggestions
to make the perfect capsicum rice.

  * Cook the rice the way you make pulao or biryani (with less water). This lets the rice grains stand out and provides the chewy texture.
  * Let the rice cool down and lose a little moisture before you add it to the vegetable masala.
  * Don't overcook the bell peppers, rather stir fry them on medium heat. You want these beauties to be tender yet retain some crunch.
  * Use homemade garam masala to get that flavor kick. Need a good garam masala recipe? This one has never failed me.
  * For extra crunch, add roasted peanuts or sesame seeds. This again is completely optional.

### Kids friendly version

Also reduce the amount of red chili when serving this to kids. Here is a tip
you'll find useful to make it less spicy.

Reserve some cooked rice and mix it with your children's meal portions. This
automatically lowers the heat levels of the dish. Make the recipe more
interesting by adding some tartness in the form of lemon juice. This also
helps cut down the heat from green capsicum and red chili powder.

**Can 't do without tomatoes in your sides and rice meals?**

Add 1-2 chopped tomatoes while cooking the onions. The dish takes longer to
cook (7-8 minutes more), as you've to saute the tomatoes until the raw smell
fades away.

You can also try my popular **tomato rice** to whet your appetite for
tomatoes!

**Related Recipes**

### Pulao Recipe | Ve...

### Capsicum Curry | ...

### Capsicum Recipes ...

### Capsicum chutney ...

### Curd Rice Recipe

### Kachumber Salad |...

## Recipe Card

Advertisement

## Capsicum Rice | Bell Pepper Rice

Simple capsicum rice made with cooked rice, bell peppers, spices and herbs.
Serve this with yogurt, raita or a simple salad.

Pin Recipe Print Recipe

1x2x3x

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

For best results follow the step-by-step photos above the recipe card

Prep Time10 minutes

Cook Time25 minutes

Total Time35 minutes

Servings2

AuthorSwasthi

### Ingredients (US cup = 240ml )

  * ▢ 1 cup uncooked rice  or 3 cups cooked rice
  * ▢ 1 to 1½ tablespoons oil  or as needed
  * ▢ 1 small onion thinly sliced
  * ▢ 1 green chili  slit (optional)
  * ▢ ½ tablespoon ginger garlic paste (or chopped)
  * ▢ ¼ cup green peas (optional)
  * ▢ 1 to 1¼ cup capsicums (bell pepper chopped )
  * ▢ 1½ to 2 tablespoons coriander leaves chopped
  * ▢ 1½ to 2 tablespoons mint leaves (pudina) chopped
  * ▢ ½ to ¾ teaspoon salt (adjust to taste)
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon lemon juice or as needed (optional)

#### Spices for capsicum rice

  * ▢ 1 sprig  curry leaves or bay leaf 
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon cumin (jeera or shahi jeera)
  * ▢ ¾ teaspoon garam masala or bisi bele bath or biryani masala (adjust as needed)
  * ▢ ¼ to ⅓ teaspoon red chili powder (skip if included in masala)
  * ▢ ⅛ teaspoon turmeric or haldi
  * ▢ whole spices (optional - 2 cardamoms, 2 cloves, 1 star anise,1 inch cinnamon)

Advertisement

### Instructions

  * ▢ 

Optional - Wash rice and soak for 20 mins. Cook just until done without making
it mushy. Fluff it up and cool completely.

  * ▢ 

Heat oil in a pan. Add cumin seeds and all the whole spices if using. Also add
bay leaf or curry leaves.

  * ▢ 

Once the spices begin to splutter add onions and green chili. Fry until the
onions turn slightly pink.

  * ▢ 

Then add ginger garlic paste and saute until it begins to smell aromatic. Add
capsicum and green peas. Fry for 3 to 4 minutes until tender yet crunchy and
not mushy.

  * ▢ 

Add mint, coriander, chilli powder, garam masala and salt. Fry for about 2
minutes till the mixture turns aromatic.

  * ▢ 

Optional - If the mixture is too dry, sprinkle 2 tbsp water and cook until the
water evaporates.

  * ▢ 

Then add cooled rice to the capsicum mixture. Mix well and taste test. Add
more salt if required and pour the lemon juice. Mix well. Serve capsicum rice
with a raita.

#### Instant pot capsicum rice

  * ▢ 

Press SAUTE button on the Instant pot and pour oil to the inner steel insert.

  * ▢ 

Add cumin. When the seeds splutter, add curry leaves, green chilli and onions.
Saute until the onions turn golden.

  * ▢ 

Next add ginger garlic and saute for 30 seconds. Then add in the capsicum and
peas.

  * ▢ 

Saute for 2 to 3 mins until the capsicum is done to your liking. Then add
salt, turmeric, red chilli powder, garam masala and mint leaves.

  * ▢ 

Give a good stir and pour 2 tbsps of water. Press CANCEL button.

  * ▢ 

Deglaze the pot and mix everything well. The heat in the pot will cook the
masala and evaporate the water completely. Remove this to a plate and set
aside.

  * ▢ 

Add soaked rice and pour water. For 1 cup basmati rice, you will need 1¼ cups
water. For 1 cup sona masuri rice, you will need 2 cups water.

  * ▢ 

Give a good stir to ensure there are no food particles stuck at the bottom.
Secure the Instant pot with the lid and position the steam release handle to
sealing.

  * ▢ 

Press PRESSURE COOK button and set the timer to 5 to 6 mins for basmati rice
or 10 mins for sona masuri rice.

  * ▢ 

For basmati rice, release the pressure manually after 5 mins. Remove the pot
and cool the rice a bit.

  * ▢ 

Then add the coriander leaves, capsicum masala and lemon juice to the pot.
Give a good mix. Adjust salt if needed.Serve capsicum rice with yogurt or
curd.

Advertisement

### Notes

Using 1 star anise, 4 cardamoms, 4 cloves, 1 strand mace and 2 inches piece of
cinnamon to the tempering makes the rice more flavorful.

Alternative quantities provided in the recipe card are for 1x only, original
recipe.

For best results follow my detailed step-by-step photo instructions and tips
above the recipe card.

### NUTRITION INFO (estimation only)

Nutrition Facts

Capsicum Rice | Bell Pepper Rice

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 519 Calories from Fat 108

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 12g **18%**

Saturated Fat 1g **6%**

Trans Fat 1g

Polyunsaturated Fat 3g

Monounsaturated Fat 7g

 **Sodium** 686mg **30%**

 **Potassium** 518mg **15%**

 **Carbohydrates** 91g **30%**

Fiber 7g **29%**

Sugar 8g **9%**

 **Protein** 10g **20%**

**Vitamin A** 3470IU **69%**

 **Vitamin C** 166mg **201%**

 **Calcium** 84mg **8%**

 **Iron** 3mg **17%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Tried this recipe?Mention @SwasthisRecipes or tag #swasthisrecipes!

(C) Swasthi's Recipes

__WhatsApp

 __Share 3K

 __Pin 466

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

3K Shares

**FOR MORE RECIPES**

Please leave this field empty

Enter & Confirm eMail ID for Swasthi's Recipes Newsletter *

Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.

  

Capsicum Rice first published in June 2015. Updated and republished in August
2021.

Advertisement

## Post navigation

Previous Previous

Oats Chilla

NextContinue

Handvo Recipe

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

46 Comments

__Inline Feedbacks

View all comments

Latha Joseph

  
Simple and very tasty…  
Thanks for sharing!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Latha Joseph

Welcome Latha  
Thank you

Reply

Advertisement

Hetal

  
Whenever I prepared this beautiful n delicious rice it turned out simply
tasty.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Hetal

Thanks Hetal  
Glad to know

Reply

Lakshmi

  
Hi Swasthi,  
This recipe turned out very yummy - it had the right amounts of tanginess,
spice and crunch of the veggies. My hubby loved it too !!!!  
Thank you so much for this wonderful recipe.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Lakshmi

Hi Lakshmi,  
You are welcome. Glad it turned out good! Thank you!

Reply

Kavita

  
How are you Swasthi? I made your capsicum rice today with tri color peppers
and guess what? It came out yummy like always.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Kavita

Hey Kavitha,  
I am doing good. Hope the same from you too!. Thank you. Glad you liked the
capsicum rice.  
🙂

Reply

Shanthi Sankaran

Can we add tomatoes to the capsicum rice?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Shanthi Sankaran

Hi Shanti,  
Yes a small to medium sized tomato should be fine. Just add the tomatoes after
frying the onions and ginger garlic paste. Sprinkle salt and fry the tomatoes
very well until it turns soft and mushy. The raw smell of tomatoes should go
away. If you add tomato it will add up another 8 mins to the cook time of the
recipe. So I simply sprinkle some lemon juice towards the end. Hope this
helps.

Reply

Shanthi Sankaran

  
Good recipe explained step by step with photos. Thank you Swasthi.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Shanthi Sankaran

Welcome Shanthi. Thanks for rating the recipe

Reply

Seema

Super recipe thank you ?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Seema

Welcome Seema

Reply

Advertisement

Lakshmi Babu Rao

  
mam ur recipes are soooo sooo ammazzzzinggghh nd i m just loving it…… nd i am
beginner nd m finding easy nd interesting aftr going recipes.. aftr going
through ur recipes i got my confidence dat i can cook…. thank you so much ma’m

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Lakshmi Babu Rao

Hi Lakshmi  
You are welcome.  
Thanks a lot for reading the recipes. Do try more recipes and enjoy the food.  
🙂

Reply

Himani

  
This recipe sounds good n looks delicious 🙂 but i have one doubt you said use
masala powder so it means garam masala powder?? If it is garam masala powder
so which garam masala you recommended me to use..or can i use maggy garam
masala ??please suggest me

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Himani

Hi Himani  
I use this garam masala powder. You can use any garam masala you have. I do
not know what maggy garam masala is. Any good garam masala is fine

Reply

__

Himani

__Reply to   swasthi

Maggy massa is a Maggi masala- a-magic..

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Himani

Haha!  
Himani! maggi masala is very unhealthy. Instead use homemade garam masala.
This is turn out very good.

Reply

Lakshmi Babu Rao

__Reply to   swasthi

mam ur recipes are soooo sooo ammazzzzinggghh nd i m just loving it…… nd i am
beginner nd m finding easy nd interesting aftr going recipes.. aftr going
through ur recipes i got my confidence dat i can cook…. thank you so much ma’m

Reply

SUBAL BISWAS

  
this recipe is so so so so so so delicious.  
my daughter cooked this so well .  
.But some credit goes to u too  
.. thanks for this

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   SUBAL BISWAS

Welcome Subal  
Thanks for trying and the comment

Reply

Padma

  
Thank you for the recipe.  
The rice came out very well .

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Padma

Welcome Padma

Reply

Sheetal Sarang

  
This recipe is super fantastic…. There is so much scope for manipulation.  
Next time I would definitely add some fried potatoes.. I am sure it will
enhance the biryani. This is my first time at making biryani and boy I am so
excited!!!!  
Thank you so much..

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Sheetal Sarang

Welcome Sheetal  
Glad to know you liked the recipe  
🙂

Reply

Hetal

  
Swasthi  
Once again I am here to thank you.  
It' turned out very delicious,,  
I am from Gujarat and so I want to praise you in Gujarati language…"Aa to
super hit chhe."?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Hetal

Hi Hetal  
You are welcome  
Thanks a lot for trying and sharing with me. So glad to know it came out well.  
🙂

Reply

Advertisement

Rajeshwari

Is it necessary to use green peas and potato or can be kept optional?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Rajeshwari

I have mentioned peas and potato in the recipe card as optional.

Reply

PriyaGowtham

  
Thnq so much….  
Really I loved ur site….its comes awesome recipes…really my hubby likes my
cook on ur way…  
Thank you….

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   PriyaGowtham

Hi Priya  
Welcome and thanks for the comment. Happy to know the recipes turn out good

Reply

Balaji

  
Excellent!! Thanks for the wonderful website you have created, tried the
capsicum rice and came out well.  
Waiting for the missus to pass the judgement??

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Balaji

Welcome Balaji,  
Glad to know capsicum rice turned out well. Hope your wife liked it. Thanks
for the feedback and the lovely comment

Reply

supriya reddy

  
I tried the recipe it it was so yummy .I just loved it .one change instead of
peas I added double beans it came well .tx for the tasty recipe.  
looking forward for more recipes ……

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   supriya reddy

Welcome Supriya  
Happy to know it turned out good. Double bean is a good addition. Will try it.
Thank you

Reply

Nivedita

  
Thanks for all the wonderful recipes. Kids too loved this I reduced chilli
powder. Perfect for school box. Yummy

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Nivedita

Welcome Nivedita,  
I am so glad your kids loved it. Thanks for the feedback

Reply

sudha

Hi ur recipes is good pls post first ingredient's and also next methods

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   sudha

Hi Sudha,  
Thanks for the feed back. Will surely try the way you mentioned.

Reply

Advertisement

Sandy

That looks amazing - just what I need for this weekend's family get-together
dinner! Thank you! 🙂

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Sandy

Welcome Sandy,  
I Would love to hear how it turned out. Thank you

Reply

ramya

yummy yummy rice and this is my quick fix when i craving for biryani

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   ramya

Thanks Ramya

Reply

Advertisement

Advertisement

(C) 2022 Swasthi's Recipes

Insert

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Popular RecipesExpand child menuExpand

    * Matar Paneer
    * Butter Chicken
    * Chana Masala
    * Dal Makhani
    * Gobi Manchurian
    * Chicken Tikka Masala
  * SocialExpand child menuExpand

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Twitter
    * Pinterest
    * Youtube

Toggle Menu Close

Search for:

Search

