https://www.mrishtanna.com/capsicum-rice-instant-pot-bell-pepper-rice/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

Simple Sumptuous Cooking

  * Recipes
  * About Me
  * Subscribe
  *     * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * Twitter
    * YouTube

  * Search

menu icon

  * Recipes
  * How To
  * About Me
  * Privacy Policy

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Recipes
  * How To
  * About Me
  * Privacy Policy

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

√ó

Home ¬ª Recipes ¬ª Instant Pot Recipes

# Capsicum Rice - Instant Pot

Published: January 15, 2020 ¬∑ Modified: February 4, 2021 by Uma Raghupathi ¬∑
This post may contain affiliate links ¬∑ This blog generates income via ads ¬∑
12 Comments

107 shares

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin

Jump to Recipe

Here‚Äôs a quick and easy, flavorful **Capsicum Rice** recipe for a weekday
meal! Perfect for lunch boxes too because there is hardly any dish to clean
after you prepare this one-pot recipe. If you have heard of the name
‚ÄòCapsicum‚Äô, not to worry! It is just another name for **Bell Pepper**.

this recipe

Bowl of capsicum rice

With a colorful vegetable like the Capsicum, you can really prepare a dish
that is as appealing to your appetite as it is to your eyes!

With the Instant Pot, the **recipe is really as simple** as it sounds. But if
you do not have an Instant Pot (yet), **I have included instructions for the
stovetop** version too. With a handful of spices and a versatile vegetable
like the Capsicum, this recipe packs in a lot of flavors it is one you can
enjoy all year long.

Going by my kids‚Äô liking, I am expecting to prepare this recipe several times
this year. I hope you will share my opinion too!

For this capsicum rice version, I used the green variety for capsicum, but you
could go with any other variables such as the yellow or red peppers. The red
peppers can sometimes be a little sweet too. So, you may have to adjust your
spice level accordingly.

Jump to:

  * Capsicum pulao recipe
  * How to make this recipe
  * Rice used for this recipe
  * Substitute for Bisi bele bath powder
  * Stovetop method
  * üìñ Recipe

## Capsicum pulao recipe

 Some of my friends that have tried this recipe claim that this was as good as
any ‚ÄúPulao‚Äù or vegetable rice that you can find in restaurants. But this
recipe is a lot easier than any other kind. I find this an excellent option
for a weekday dinner or a potluck party.

That‚Äôs when you are out of options and out of time. Basically, it is prepared
with cooked rice mixed with bell pepper and other supporting spices. You can
also prepare this rice with any leftover rice (although not for a potluck
party :-). For me it does not get any simpler than that...just prepare the
bell pepper masala then add it to the cooked rice!

## **How to make this recipe**

When we‚Äôre pressed for time like we always seem to be, it seems easy and
justified to turn to a frozen option as a quick meal option. Let this recipe
serve as that gentle reminder that nudges you to prepare this wonderful option
instead.

The boxed or frozen option come loaded with added sodium and preservatives.
Preparing Capsicum rice is not only quick and nutritious, but you can really
taste the ingredients. With the instant pot, it is only made easier.

Once you master the basic techniques with the Instant Pot, there‚Äôs really no
end to the ways in which you can cook up quality recipes even with your busy
schedule.

**Here is a quick step-by-step direction with pictures of capsicum rice or
pulao.  **

An instant pot with oil and spices

Step 1: Press ‚ÄòSAUTE‚Äô mode on Instant Pot and add a couple of teaspoons of
oil. When the oil heats up add cumin, mustard, Bengal gram dal. Saute them
until the dal turns golden.

Sauteing spices and onions

Step 2: Add remaining spices like cinnamon, mace, cloves, cardamoms, and
2-star anise. Saute for 20 seconds.

Step 3: Add ginger garlic paste, and sliced onion and saute it for a minute.

Added capsicum and rice

Step 4: Add chopped capsicum and frozen corn and stir well. Then add remaining
spice powders. Stir well to make sure you should not stick to the pan.

Step 5: Add rinsed rice, salt, water and stir well. Add chopped mint leaves on
the top and close the lid. Press CANCEL button on Instant Pot.

cooked capsicum rice

Step 6: Close the lid on the pot, and turn valves from VENTING to SEALING
position. Set the pot to MANUAL/PRESSURE COOK (High Pressure) and set the
timer to 4 minutes.

Step 7: Wait for NATURAL PRESSURE RELEASE(NPR). Wait for the silver button on
the lid to drop before opening the lid.

## Rice used for this recipe

I used **Basmati rice** for my version and it is one you need if you are
preparing this for a potluck. That‚Äôs because the basmati rice grains tend to
steam well and not stick to each other and that gives an elegant look and
brings the perfect texture to the recipe.

You could also use Sona Masoori kind with decent results. Any rice variety
that sticks more than usual like the Jasmine rice is not the right choice for
this recipe.

## Substitute for Bisi bele bath powder

One other question I got from my friends when I shared this recipe is if there
is a substitute for the spice powder that I have used. I used **Bisi Bele Bath
powder** in this recipe because it has all the spices I needed for this
recipe. If you do not find this in your local grocer, you can always find it
on amazon or better yet, prepare a homemade version.

For that, you need coriander seeds, black gram, Bengal gram, methi seeds,
cloves, cinnamon, and black pepper. Dry roast them at first and grind into
powder form.  Add a little bit of each to the recipe.

I can see that this can be a hassle and I recommend preparing it ahead of time
or getting the store version. Most of these spice mixes are just whole spice
powders and do not have any preservatives. So I have a small stash in my
pantry to cover for ‚Äòbusy‚Äô days.

## Stovetop method

For the stovetop version, it is better to keep the cooked rice ready as you
prepare the masala on a skillet. Just saute the spices individually in
vegetable oil. Add ginger, garlic paste and saute them to get rid of the raw
smell. Follow it up with sliced onions, bell pepper, and corn. Saute for 2-3
minutes.

Add the remaining spice powder and stir well. Finally, add salt and the cooked
rice to it and give it a nice stir. Top it with mint leaves and cover the lid.

Let it sit for 3- 4 minutes on low flame and then switch off the heat. The
stovetop version takes a little longer and leaves you with a pile of dishes to
wash, but there is no compromise in taste or authenticity in either version.

**Here are other yummy Instant pot rice recipes...**

Instant pot vegetable rice, mushroom rice, Matar peas pulao

For more delicious vegan recipes such as this sent directly to your inbox,
just **subscribe** to my newsletter.

If you have time comment below and **rate the recipe** in the comment box
below.  Follow me on social media's **Facebook** , **Instagram** , and
**Pinterest**.

## üìñ Recipe

## Capsicum Rice - Instant Pot

Uma Raghupathi

With a handful of spices and a versatile vegetable like the Capsicum, this
recipe packs in a lot of flavors it is one you can enjoy all year long.

5 from 8 votes

Print Recipe

Prep Time:5 mins

Cook Time:10 mins

15 mins

Total Time:30 mins

Course :Main Course

Cuisine :Indian

Allergen :Dairy free

Difficulty :Easy

Servings 5 people

Calories 272 kcal

### Equipment

  * Instant Pot

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * ‚ñ¢ 2 cups basmati rice
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 ¬Ω cup water
  * ‚ñ¢ 3 medium bell pepper or capsicum
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 onion
  * ‚ñ¢ ¬º frozen or fresh corn
  * ‚ñ¢ 2 teaspoon Bisi bele bath powder
  * ‚ñ¢ ¬Ω teaspoon garam masala
  * ‚ñ¢ 2 tablespoon mint leaves chopped
  * ‚ñ¢ ¬Ω teaspoon red chili powder

#### Dry spices

  * ‚ñ¢ 1 mace
  * ‚ñ¢ 2- star anise
  * ‚ñ¢ 2 cardamoms
  * ‚ñ¢ ¬º inch cinnamon stick
  * ‚ñ¢ 2 cloves (spice)
  * ‚ñ¢ ¬Ω teaspoon mustard seed
  * ‚ñ¢ ¬Ω teaspoon cumin seed
  * ‚ñ¢ ¬Ω teaspoon Bengal gram

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Instructions



  * Press ‚ÄòSAUTE‚Äô mode on Instant Pot and add a couple of teaspoons of oil to the inner pot.

  * When the oil heats up, add cumin seeds, mustard, and Bengal gram dal. Saute it until the dal turns a golden color.

  * Add the other spices listed such as cinnamon, mace, cloves, cardamoms and a couple of star anise. Saute for 20 seconds.

  * Add ginger-garlic paste, sliced onions and saute them for a minute.

  * Add chopped capsicum (Bell Pepper), frozen corn and stir well. Then add remaining spice powders and continue to stir well to ensure none of the ingredients stick to the pan.

  * Add the rinsed rice, salt, water and continue to stir for about a minute.

  * Top it with chopped mint leaves and close the lid. Press the CANCEL button on Instant Pot.

  * Close the lid on the pot, and turn the valve from VENTING to SEALING position.

  * Set the pot to MANUAL/PRESSURE COOK (High Pressure) and set the timer to 4 minutes.

  * At the end of 4 minutes of cook time, let the pressure drop gradually by using the ‚ÄòNATURAL PRESSURE RELEASE(NPR)‚Äô option. Wait for the silver button on the lid to drop before opening the lid.

  * That‚Äôs it! Capsicum Rice is ready to be served with a side of raita or Indian mango pickle.

#### Stove top method

  * For the stovetop version, it is better to keep the cooked rice ready as you prepare the masala on a skillet. Just saute the spices individually in vegetable oil. Add ginger, garlic paste and saute them to get rid of the raw smell. Follow it up with sliced onions, bell pepper, and corn. Saute for 2-3 minutes. 

  * Add the remaining spice powder and stir well. Finally, add salt and the cooked rice to it and give it a nice stir. Top it with mint leaves and cover the lid. 

  * Let it sit for 3- 4 minutes on low flame and then switch off the heat. The stovetop version takes a little longer and leaves you with a pile of dishes to wash, but there is no compromise in taste or authenticity in either version.

###  Process Shot

Check above for step-by-step pictures (most of my recipes include pictures)

### Notes

  * You could substitute the Bisi bele powder- you need coriander seeds, black gram, Bengal gram, methi seeds, cloves, cinnamon, and black pepper. Dry roast them at first and grind into powder form. Add a little bit of each to the recipe.
  * Or skip the Bisi bele bath powder and add ¬Ω teaspoon coriander powder
  * For the color add ¬Ω teaspoon Kashmiri red chili powder (optional)
  * Option to add vegetables like frozen peas or green beans and carrots with capsicum. 

### YOUR OWN NOTES

Click here to add your own private notes.

### Nutrition

Calories: 272kcal | Carbohydrates: 66g | Protein: 7g | Fat: 1g | Saturated
Fat: 1g | Sodium: 13mg | Potassium: 126mg | Fiber: 2g | Sugar: 1g | Vitamin A:
59IU | Vitamin C: 2mg | Calcium: 36mg | Iron: 1mg

Nutritional information is an estimation only.

Tried this recipe?Mention @simplesumptuouscooking or tag
#simplesumptuouscooking!

## More Related Recipes

  * Tomato Rasam (Instant Pot Dal Rasam)

  * Instant Pot Butternut Squash Risotto

  * Instant Pot Potato Corn Chowder

  * Butternut Squash Halwa (Instant Pot)

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Chris N

April 07, 2020 at 1:37 am

I tried this and it was amazing! Thank you

Reply

    * Uma Raghupathi

April 13, 2020 at 11:35 pm

Thank you Chris!

Reply

  2. Aline

January 20, 2020 at 11:14 am

This is soo cool!! I never had Capsicum Rice before, but we're huge rice
eaters and we constantly look for new rice recipes to try. This one is on the
list!! So many delicious flavors!!! Can't wait!!

Reply

    * Uma Raghupathi

January 20, 2020 at 3:16 pm

Thank you Aline! Hope you will like this:)

Reply

  3. Claire | The Simple, Sweet Life

January 20, 2020 at 7:46 am

I love a good instant pot recipe but I have yet to use it to make rice. Can't
wait to give this a try. It looks delicious!

Reply

  4. Danielle

January 19, 2020 at 9:02 pm

Fantastic recipe that I could use with so many of my favorite dishes. And I
love your instructins on how to make homemade Bisi Bele Bath powder - so
useful.

Reply

  5. Paula Montenegro

January 19, 2020 at 10:20 am

I love that you use basmati rice and an instant pot! A wonderful recipe Uma!
Thanks for sharing.

Reply

    * Uma Raghupathi

January 19, 2020 at 5:51 pm

Thank you üòä

Reply

  6. Analida Braeger

January 18, 2020 at 2:29 am

My family loved this rice dish! We eat a lot of rice and it can be a bit
boring at time and this was a really nice change that everyone enjoyed. Thanks
so much!

Reply

  7. Lori | The Kitchen Whisperer

January 16, 2020 at 7:13 pm

Oh wow, what a unique and interesting recipe! Some of the ingredients are new
to me and I'm loving the fact that this is a dish I've never had! I can't wait
to try this as it looks delicious!

Reply

  8. Bernice Hill

January 15, 2020 at 11:26 pm

What a delicious looking side dish. Not sure where to get the spices here but
I might try and make my own version. I bet it smells amazing too. So much
nicer than plain rice.

Reply

  9. Ben

January 15, 2020 at 9:10 pm

Aww yeah. I'm going to make this and throw some beef at it. Om nom nom.

Reply

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

## Primary Sidebar

Hello friends! My name is Uma and I am a vegan. But that's not all - I am also
a mom.

If you're curious about what being a vegan entails or just want to try some
new recipes, keep reading! I'll share some of my favorite dishes with you.

More about me

### My Cookbook

### Popular Recipes

  * Banana Flower Recipe

  * Cantaloupe Juice Recipe

  * Potato Kurma For Chapathi, Biryani, Poori

  * Cauliflower Sabzi

  * Cucumber Pineapple Smoothie

  * Instant Pot Khichdi

### Recipes and more

  * 35 Chapathi Side Dish Recipes

  * Vegan Mango Mousse

  * How To Tell If Tofu Is Bad

  * Proso Millet Upma - Instant Pot & Stove Top

  * Frozen Okra In Air Fryer

  * Besan Roti

  * Indian Pumpkin Curry

  * Watermelon Rind Curry

## Footer

‚Üë back to top

### About

  * Privacy Policy
  * Accessibility Policy
  * Contact

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates

### More recipes

  * Air Fryer Recipes
  * Salad Recipes
  * Soup Recipes

AS AN AMAZON ASSOCIATE I EARN FROM QUALIFYING PURCHASES.

COPYRIGHT ¬© 2021 - 2022 SIMPLE SUMPTUOUS COOKING

107 shares

  *   *   * 

