https://www.spiceupthecurry.com/capsicum-rice-recipe/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

Spice Up The Curry

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipes
    * By Category
    * By Ingredients
    * Festivals
    * Collections
  * Subscribe
  *     * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * YouTube

  * Search

menu icon

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Ingredients
  * Festivals
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

search icon

Search

  * About
  * Recipes
  * Ingredients
  * Festivals
  * Subscribe

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

×

Home » Rice

# Capsicum rice recipe

Published: Jul 23, 2014 · Last Modified: Apr 14, 2020 by Kanan Patel / 46
Comments

Jump to Recipe Pin Recipe

 **Capsicum rice recipe -** Basmati rice are cooked with colored bell pepper,
onion, yogurt and with few spices. Do give it a try, I am sure you will love
this.

**Check out other rice dishes  
**Methi rice // Palak rice // Carrot rice

This rice dish is very flavorful and delicious. I got this recipe from one of
my friends. The first time I made this rice was an year ago. Since then I have
made it so many times.

**I like about this capsicum rice is addition of yogurt.** Yogurt gives a
touch of sourness to the end product. And of course this flavor goes perfect
with spices and bell peppers.

**Capsicum masala rice is perfect as a lunch box.** This rice is so delicious
as such without any side of raita. Thus dear hubby like to have it in his
lunch box once in a while. If making for kids lunch box then adjust the red
chili powder.

**Addition of whole spices make this rice aromatic and also adds lots of
flavors.**

I usually make this with only green bell pepper. But this time I have added
red bell pepper as well. I have left half of the red bell pepper after making
paneer tikka masala. So though of adding it into this capsicum masala rice.
While chopping the bell peppers and onion, I was thinking that how beautiful
rice will look because of the colored bell pepper. And so this is the right
time to takes photos for the blog. So finally I took photos and posting it
here, even though I made it so many times before.

Capsicum or bell pepper is one of our favorite veggies along with cabbage and
cauliflower that I always have it in my fridge. Some of the capsicum recipes
that are regular in my kitchen -- Punjabi Capsicum Curry \-- Gobi shimla mirch
\-- Bhindi capsicum \-- corn capsicum masala.

* * *

## How to make capsicum rice recipe (Step by Step Photos):

* * *

or Jump to Recipe

1) Wash the rice under running cold water till water runs clear. Soak them in
enough water for at least 20 minutes.

2) While rice soaking prep other ingredients and chop the veggies. Drain
soaking water and keep the rice aside.  

3) Heat the oil in a pan on medium heat. Once hot add whole spices (cinnamon
stick, cloves, bay leaf, green cardamom), saute for a minute. You will get
nice aroma of spices.

4) After that add cumin seeds and fennel seeds, let the sizzle a bit.  

5) Now mix in the sliced onion and cook for 2 minutes. it starts to soften.

6) Now add ginger paste and garlic paste.  

7) Mix and saute till raw flavors goes away about a minute.

8) Stir in tomatoes, green bell pepper and red bell pepper.  

9) Add salt, red chili powder, coriander powder and garam masala.

10) Mix well and cook for a minute.  

11) Add yogurt.

12) Stir well.  

13) Add soaked, drained rice.

14) Add fresh 1 cup of water and mix.  

15) Cover the pan and cook on low for 18-20 minutes. after that switch off the
stove and let it rest covered for 10 minutes.

16) Then open the cover, gently fluff up the rice using fork and serve.  

Do make this in your kitchen and please let me know how you like it in
comments below. If you like bell pepper than I am sure that you will like this
rice as well.

_**Serving suggestion:**_ Have this rice as a light meal with roasted papad.
Best to pack into lunch box. You can have any raita e.g. boondi raita, mint
raita, onion raita, palak raita on side too.

Step by Step Photos AboveWant to make it perfect first time? Don't forget to
check out Step-by-Step photo instructions and helpful Tips & Tricks !!

Print Pin

## Capsicum rice recipe

4.88 from 8 votes

Tried this recipe? Leave a comment and/or give ★ ratings

US measuring cups are used (1 cup = 240 ml)

Author: Kanan

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Indian

Calories: 348kcal

Servings 2 Servings

Prep Time 20 minutes

Cook Time 25 minutes

Total Time 45 minutes

US measuring cups are used (1 cup = 240 ml) See details

### Ingredients  

1x2x3x

  * ▢ ⅔ cup Basmati rice
  * ▢ 1 ½ tablespoons Oil
  * ▢ 1 inch Cinnamon stick
  * ▢ 2 Cloves
  * ▢ 1 Bay leaf
  * ▢ 2 Green cardamoms
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon Cumin seeds
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon Fennel seeds
  * ▢ ½ cup Red onion sliced
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon Ginger paste or freshly grated or crushed
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon Garlic paste or freshly grated
  * ▢ ½ cup Capsicum (Green bell pepper) sliced
  * ▢ ½ cup Red pepper sliced
  * ▢ ⅓ cup Tomato sliced
  * ▢ 1 ½ teaspoon Red chili powder
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon Coriander powder
  * ▢ Salt to taste
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon Garam masala
  * ▢ ⅓ cup Plain yogurt
  * ▢ 1 cup Water

### Instructions

#### Preparation:

  * Wash the rice under running cold water till water runs clear.

  * Soak them in enough water for at least 20 minutes.

  * While rice soaking prep other ingredients and chop the veggies.

  * Drain soaking water and keep the rice aside.

#### Making capsicum rice recipe:

  * Heat the oil in a pan on medium heat. Once hot add whole spices, saute for a minute.

  * After that add cumin seeds and fennel seeds, let the sizzle a bit.

  * Now mix in the sliced onion and cook for 2 minutes. it starts to soften.

  * Now add ginger paste and garlic paste. Mix and saute for about a minute.

  * Stir in tomatoes, green bell pepper and red bell pepper.

  * Add salt, red chili powder, coriander powder and garam masala.

  * Mix well and cook for a minute.

  * Add yogurt. Stir well.

  * Add soaked, drained rice. Also add 1 cup of water and mix.

  * Cover the pan and cook on low for 18-20 minutes.

  * after that switch off the stove and let it rest covered for 10 minutes.

  * Then open the cover, gently fluff up the rice using fork and serve.

### Nutrition

Calories: 348kcal

*Nutrition information is a rough estimate for 1 serving

Did you make this recipe?Snap a pic, mention @spice.up.the.curry or tag
#spiceupthecurry. I would love to see.

« Amti recipe (Maharashtrian amti dal)

Lasaniya batata recipe »

568 shares

  * Facebook246
  * Pinterest322
  * WhatsApp

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Saisaranya

October 05, 2018 at 7:22 am

Awwsome tried and came out well

Reply

    * Kanan

October 05, 2018 at 8:08 pm

glad to hear that.

Reply

  2. Christeen

July 13, 2017 at 6:34 am

Tried it and it was delicious

Reply

    * Kanan

July 13, 2017 at 12:14 pm

good to know that

Reply

« Older Comments

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi, I'm Kanan Patel**. I share easy, delicious vegetarian recipes (mostly
Indian) and Eggless baking recipes that you can sure count on!

More about me →

### Indian Spice Box

### Top Recipes

  * Eggless Chocolate Chip Cookies

  * World’s BEST Eggless Brownies

  * Punjabi Shahi Paneer (Restaurant Style)

  * Chipotle Sauce

  * Eggless Banana Muffins Recipe

  * Frankie Recipe (Bombay Veg Frankie Roll)

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * About Kanan
  * Privacy Policy
  * Disclosure
  * Accessibility Policy
  * Nutrition Disclaimer

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates. Plus get a bonus cooking tips!

### Resources

  * Conversion Chart
  * Glossary
  * Recipe Index
  * Contact

### As Featured In

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2022 Spice Up The Curry

