https://www.cult.fit/live/recipe/cashew-paneer-with-ginger-bell-pepper-rice/RECIPE377


##### FITNESS

##### CARE

##### MIND

##### STORE

GET APP

  1. Home >
  2. Live >
  3. Recipe >
  4. Cashew Paneer with Ginger-Bell Pepper Rice

# Cashew Paneer with Ginger-Bell Pepper Rice

Time40 Min

DifficultyDifficult

Serves1

Cashew Paneer with Ginger Bell-Pepper Rice Recipe Are you bored of eating
plain old rice every day and looking for something to spice up your diet? Take
a look at this vegetarian Cashew Paneer with Ginger Bell-Pepper Rice Recipe
that will help you cook a nutritious and thoroughly satisfying meal that
caters to not only your health needs but also your taste buds. The Cashew
Paneer with Ginger Bell- ... Pepper Rice Ingredients are relatively easy to
find but the recipe might prove to be slightly difficult for some. Follow all
instructions and watch the Cashew Paneer with Ginger Bell-Pepper Rice Video to
cook this dish in just forty minutes. Paneer has a number of origin stories.
Some believe that it originated almost two thousand years ago in the Indian
subcontinent whereas the more recent theories suggest that paneer in its
modern form was brought to North India in the 16th century by Afghan and
Persian rulers. The word ‘paneer’ has Persian roots and was used widely to
refer to cheese. In this dish, paneer is served along with ginger capsicum
rice and cashew nuts that produces a perfect balance of flavour. While this
Cashew Paneer with Ginger Bell-Pepper Rice Recipe recommends the use of brown
basmati rice for its various benefits, other varieties of rice could also be
used when you Prepare Cashew Paneer With Ginger Bell-Pepper Rice at Home. The
quantity of spice can also be varied according to preference. This dish on its
own can be a very filling and nutritious meal and can, therefore, be consumed
for lunch or dinner by people of all ages, including children.

READ MORE

Nutrition Info. (per serving)

ProteinFatCarbsFibre536 Cal536 Cal536 Cal536 Cal

  * 24gProtein

  * 25gFat

  * 53gCarbs

  * 7gFibre

## Ingredients

### Dry Grocery

Brown Basmati Rice

0.25 cups

Salt

1.25 teaspoons

Refined Oil

1.25 teaspoons

Aromat Powder

0.5 teaspoons

Veg Oyster Sauce

0.75 teaspoons

Dark Soy Sauce

0.5 teaspoons

Light Soy Sauce

0.75 teaspoons

Honey

0.5 teaspoons

White Wine Vinegar

0.25 teaspoons

Cashewnut (2 Piece Split)

2 units

### Fruits & Vegetables

Sweet Potato

1 small piece

Carrot-regular

0.25 unit

Ginger

2 small pieces

Capsicum Green-regular

2 small pieces

Capsicum Yellow (regular)

1 small piece

Capsicum Red-regular

2 small pieces

Spring Onion

3 units

Onion

1 small piece

Zucchini Yellow

1 small piece

Broccoli

1 piece

Baby Corn Peeled

1 unit

### Dairy

Paneer

1.25 cups

### Other

Water

1.75 glasses

Pepper

0.5 teaspoons

Garlic

1 piece

Red Chilli Paste

0.5 teaspoons

Coriander Leaves

2 leafs

Directions

1

Wash Brown Rice and soak for 45 minutes.

2

Bring Water to boil. Add Salt and soaked Rice and boil on a medium flame till
soft.

3

Boil the Sweet Potato in Salted Water with skin.

4

Cut Carrot into 1 inch triangle and blanch.

5

Strain and dry. Remove to a container and store for later use.

6

Once tender, peel and allow it to cool.

7

Cut into rough dices and place in a blender with Water.

8

Blitz to a smooth puree. Remove it to a bowl and store refrigerated.

9

Heat Oil in a pan. Add chopped Ginger and sauté till fragrant.

10

Add chopped Bell Peppers ( red, yellow & green ) and stir fry till tender.

11

Add Rice, Salt, Pepper, Aromat Powder and toss well.

12

Sprinkle a little water and toss till aromatic.

13

Check seasoning, take out in a bowl and garnish with chopped Spring Onions.

14

Heat Oil in a pan. Add chopped Ginger, Garlic & Onion. Sauté till aromatic.

15

Add Chilli Paste, Salt, Aromat Powder and sauté.

16

Add Mushroom Oyster Sauce, Dark Soy Sauce, Light Soy Sauce, Honey and mix
well.

17

Add Water and bring it to boil.

18

Add Sweet Potato Paste, White Wine Vinegar, bring it to simmer and cook till
sauce has a glazed look.

19

Take out in a bowl and garnish with Coriander Leaves. Keep aside for later
use.

20

Heat Oil in a pan. Add Cashew Nuts and sauté till lightly brown. Set aside.

21

Heat Oil in a pan. Add Red Pepper, Green Pepper, Yellow Zucchini, Broccoli,
Baby Corn and blanched Carrots. Stir fry till all the vegetables are tender.

22

Add Paneer and continue cooking.

23

Add Sauce and bring to boil.

24

Add Salt & Pepper. Mix well and remove from heat.

25

Take out in a bowl and garnish with Cashew Nuts.

26

Serve hot with Ginger Capsicum Rice.

Health Benefits of Cashew Paneer with Ginger Bell-Pepper Rice

The Cashew Paneer with Ginger Bell-Pepper Rice Benefits cannot be understated.
Brown basmati rice is, in fact, a whole-grain and adds significant amounts of
nutrients and fibre to your diet. Consumption of bell-peppers (capsicum) in
the long-term is believed to improve eyesight, lower risk of cancer, boost
immunity and even cure iron deficiency. Paneer, the co-star of this dish is no
less of wholesome food. It is very rich in protein and calcium, both of which
are essential for good bone, teeth and muscular health. Paneer also aids
digestion and leaves you feeling fuller, thereby helping you regulate your
food intake if you are trying to lose weight. Enjoy all these benefits and
more by learning How to make Cashew Paneer with Ginger Bell-Pepper Rice today!

READ MORE

## Success!

#### We hope you had fun making it! Enjoy the meal.

Top Searches

Online Fitness Classes

Weight Loss Exercise | Six Pack Abs | Cardio Exercise at Home | HIIT Workout
at Home | Belly Fat Exercises | Exercise For Kids at Home | Morning Exercises
at Home | Shoulder Workout at Home | Strength Training Exercises | Mobility
Exercises | Dance Exercises | Thigh Exercises at Home | Abs Workout at Home |
Back Exercises at Home | Chest Workout at Home | Butt Exercises at Home |
Split Exercise | Lean Body Workout | Short Workout | Exercise for Beginners |
Dumbbell Exercises | Stamina Increase Exercise

Mindfulness

Yoga Asanas | Yoga For Weight Loss | Kids Yoga | Surya Namaskar | OnlineYoga
Classes | Yoga For Beginners | Yoga Nidra | Music Meditation | Pranayam |
Bedtime Stories | Bedtime Stories For Kids | Mindfulness Meditation |
Meditation in Hindi | Sleep Meditation

Diagnostic Tests

Thyroid Test | Pregnancy Test | Full Body Checkup | Kidney Function Test |
Lipid Profile Test | Online Counselling

Healthy Recipes

Sambar Recipe | Masala For Dosa | Kadai Paneer Recipe | Neer Dosa | Manchow
Soup | Chicken Soup | Chilli Baby Corn | Homemade Protein Powder | Thukpa |
Paneer Masala | Chicken Keema | Badam Milk | Aloo Tikki Chaat | Moong Dal
Kachori | Homemade Protein Powder

Cult Gyms In India

Gyms In Delhi | Gyms In Mumbai | Gyms In Bangalore | Gyms In Pune | Gyms In
Chennai | Gyms In Hyderabad | Gyms In Jaipur | Gyms In Kolkata | Gyms In
Ahmedabad | Gyms In Chandigarh | Gyms In Indore | Gyms In Coimbatore | Gyms In
Surat | Gyms In Ludhiana | Gyms In Vizag | Gyms In Amritsar | Gyms In Mysore |
Gyms In Mangalore | Gyms In Kochi | Gyms In Jammu | Gym In Kharghar | Gym In
Bandra | Gym In Velachery | Gym In Chembur | Gym In Indiranagar | Gym In HSR
Layout | Swimming Pools Near Me | Outdoor Gyms | Football Training near me |
Zumba Classes Near Me | Boxing Classes Near Me | Gyms with Personal Trainer

Yoga Classes In India

Yoga Classes in Mumbai | Yoga Classes in Hyderabad | Yoga Classes in Delhi |
Yoga Classes in Chennai | Yoga Classes in Jaipur

At cult.fit, we make group workouts fun, daily food healthy & tasty, mental
fitness easy with yoga & meditation, Medical & lifestyle care hassle-
free.#BeBetterEveryDay

cult.fit for business

cult.fit franchise

corporate partnerships

cult pass network

t&c for business

partner.fit

blogs

security

careers

contact us

privacy policy

cult bmi calculator

terms & conditions

Related Searches

Pumpkin Risotto

Ramen Bowl With Egg

Chicken Hakka Noodles

Veg Hakka Noodles

Chickpea Spaghetti

Keto Black Pepper Chicken

Vegetable Lasagne

Miso Noodles

Penne In White Sauce

Penne Tomato Pasta

Penne Aglio E Olio

Thai Green Chicken Curry

Cajun-Spiced Cottage Cheese Steaks Veg Rice

Chicken Arrabiata Pasta

Harissa-Stuffed Grilled Chicken, Bell Peppers Rice

Sweet & Sour Bangkok Braised Chicken Meal

Asian Veg Curry & Rice

Asian Chicken Curry & Rice

Spanish Paneer Stew & Brown Rice

Spanish Chicken Stew & Brown Rice

Cashew Paneer With Ginger-Bell Pepper Rice

Mushroom Fried Rice

Lemongrass Basil Fried Rice

Wok Tossed Brown Rice

Tex Mex Rice

Kansas Cottage Cheese & Rice Meal

Cambodian Grilled Chicken With Jade Rice

Chicken Lasagne

Chilli Tofu Hakka Noodles

Chilli Chicken Hakka Noodles

Cambodian Grilled Vegetable Bento Box

Smoky Chipotle Chicken & Tex Mex Rice Bowl

Malaysian Veg Curry And Rice Meal

Mapo Tofu

Chicken Rice

Cuban Grilled Chicken Rice

Gremolata Grilled Chicken With Pesto Quinoa

Chicken Khow Suey Meal

Jamaican Curry & Brown Rice

Vietnamese Veg Curry & Brown Rice

Vietnam Means Chicken Curry & Brown Rice

Jamaican Chicken Curry & Brown Rice

Chicken Fried Rice

Chicken Curry Noodle Bowl

Malaysian Chicken Curry & Rice Meal

Cashew Chicken With Ginger Bellpepper Rice

Veg Curry Noodle Bowl

Recipe

Dhokla

Chilli Paneer

Kadai Paneer

Bhindi Masala

Sambar

Paneer Masala

Veg Cutlet

Moong Dal Kachori

Tamarind Rice

Aloo Tikki Chaat

Gatte Ki Sabzi

How To Make Paneer

Home Workouts

