https://www.ruchikrandhap.com/ginger-fried-rice/


﻿ ↑

  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipes
  * Recipes A-Z
  * Travel
  * Copyright
  * Media
  * Privacy Policy
  * Shop
  * Contact Me
  * Somethin’ Fishy
  * Search this website

Ruchik Randhap

Food & Memories of Mangalore

You are here: Home / All Posts / Ginger Fried Rice

February 24, 2018

# Ginger Fried Rice

901

SHARES

TwitterFacebook901PinterestPocketTelegramWhatsAppYummly

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

Pin

A couple of weekends ago I made some Indo Chinese food for our Friday lunch.
If my mornings are not very busy I generally like to pick something easy to
cook otherwise, I usually serve up some leftovers from the previous day (I
make sure to cook some extra food). I found this recipe in one of the
cookbooks I own and I had to alter the ingredients a lot as the recipe in the
book wasn’t super accurate. However, once made, it went on to reside in my
personal collection of my favourite recipes. Believe it or not, although it
isn’t a very complex recipe and doesn’t look genius in its appearance, it was
one of the most subtly flavoured, delicious rice recipes I had cooked. I
haven’t tasted ginger rice in any restaurant so far and so what I ended up
making is something that can be paired very well with an Indo Chinese side
dish or even served as a one pot meal or a lunch box option.

Pin

The important thing about this recipe is that the ginger must be adequately
fried yet not browned. This ensures that the flavours from the ginger are
infused into the oil in which it is fried and you aren’t left with a strong
after taste of ginger which can happen if you don’t fry it. The garnish that
you see is just for representation. You can skip it lest it ends up in your
mouth while eating and then you’ll wonder what the fuss about this recipe was
all about. Getting strips of fresh, raw ginger along with a mouthful of rice
isn’t fun, so be careful! I paired it with Garlic & Capsicum Chicken so don’t
forget to check out the recipe!

Pin

Pin

## Ginger Fried Rice

Subtly flavoured and aromatic ginger rice is a perfect accompaniment to any
Indo-Chinese side dish and doubles up as a lunchbox option!

No ratings yet

Print Pin Rate

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Indo Chinese

Prep Time: 10 minutes

Cook Time: 15 minutes

Total Time: 25 minutes

Author: Shireen Sequeira @ www.ruchikrandhap.com

1x2x3xServings

### Ingredients

  * 5 cups cooked basmati rice
  * 50 grams fresh ginger grated/shredded
  * 1 tablespoon vegetable oil
  * a few drops approx 1/2 teaspoon sesame oil (optional)
  * 1 tablespoon spring onions
  * salt & pepper to taste

### Instructions

  * Heat oil in a wok on a medium heat. It is important not to overheat the oil as it will burn the ginger.

  * Add the shredded ginger and fry it for half a minute. Take care not to brown it.

  * Add the cooked rice and mix everything well on a high heat for about a minute and a half.

  * Add salt & pepper to taste and mix. Drizzle with the sesame oil for that oriental touch (only if you will serve it with an oriental side dish)

  * Garnish with chopped spring onion greens and serve hot with any side dish of your choice.

### Disclaimer

The nutritional values are only indicative.

Tried this recipe?Please leave a comment & rate the recipe below or share a
photo on Instagram and tag me @ruchikrandhap

901

SHARES

TwitterFacebook901PinterestPocketTelegramWhatsAppYummly

Filed Under: All Posts, Rice, Pasta and One Pot Meals

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### Looking for Something?

Search this website

### Stay Connected

I am Shireen Sequeira a Mangalorean living in Dubai. I love trying out new
recipes and giving them a twist of my own. However, I do try my best to
preserve the authenticity of traditional Mangalorean recipes. Know More...

### Trending This Week

  * Butter Cake | How To Make Soft & Moist Butter Cake
  * Traditional Irish Christmas Cake
  * Kube Sukhe (Clams/Cockles In A Dry Masala)
  * Gule Sukhe (Black Eyed Peas Sukka)
  * How To Cook Brown Basmati Rice
  * Lepo Losun Miri (Sole/Tongue Fish in a Spicy Garlic & Pepper Curry)
  * Special Surmai (Kingfish) Curry (With Or Without Coconut)

### Subscribe To Receive Recipes Directly In Your Mailbox!

Leave this field empty if you're human:

### Categories

  * Airfryer Recipes
  * All Posts
    * Recipe Compilations
  * Baby & Toddler
  * Bakes
    * Breads
    * Cakes, Cupcakes & Brownies
    * Cookies, Tarts & Bars
    * Healthy Bakes
    * Pies & Puffs
  * Basic Recipes
  * Beverages
  * Breakfast
  * Chicken
    * Indo Chinese
  * Chutneys Dips & Sauces
  * Coconut Milk Based Recipes
  * Eggs
  * Festive Cooking
    * Christmas
    * Monthi Feast
  * Global Cuisine and Fusion Food
  * Home Remedies
  * Mangalorean Recipes
  * Meal Ideas
  * Mince
  * Mutton Beef and Pork
  * Poli & Seasonal Specialities
  * Preserves
    * Pickles & Jams
    * Spice Blends & Curry Pastes
  * Pressure Cooker Recipes
  * Recipes With Video
  * Restaurant Reviews
  * Rice, Pasta and One Pot Meals
  * Seafood
    * Fish
  * Soups & Salads
  * Starters, Snacks & Savouries
    * Appetizers & Starters
    * Snacks & Savouries
  * Sweets & Desserts
    * Indian Sweets
    * Western Desserts
  * Thanksgiving Recipes
  * The Boshi Series
  * Travel
  * Uncategorized
  * Vegetarian
    * Curries, Dals and Sambhars
    * Paneer
    * Sides
    * Vegan
  * When The Hubby Cooks!

Copyright © 2022 · Ruchik Randhap by Shireen Sequeira · Hosted & Managed by
Host My Blog

