https://www.cityspidey.com/news/16978/give-your-rice-a-nutritional-twist-this-summer


Welcome To CitySpidey

__  English  

हिन्दी

__

__

__ACCOUNT

  * News __
    * Civic Issues
    * Community
    * Spidey Shots
    * Resident's Speak
  * What's New
  * Hype __
    * Gadgets
    * Fashion
    * Home
    * Travel
    * Trending
  * Grooming
  * Gourmet
  * Talkies
  * Wellness
  * SpideyManch
  * Special __
    * Heritage Watch
    * From the Readers' Pen
    * Writer's Highway
    * Season of Love
    * Queer Cheer
    * Power of Community
    * Coffee Tales
    * Chaishaala
    * Frontline Warriors

#### Location

NCR Kanpur Patna Ranchi Dhanbad

__SIGN IN

  * __Login via :

OR

Forgot the Password

Sign in

Keeped Me logged-in

**New here? -** Join Us Verify Yourself?

__

  * Sign-UP:

  * Register

Keeped Me logged-in

LogIn

__

  * Verify Your Login Detail: 

  * Verify Yourself

LogIn   Resend otp

  * Reset Password:

  * Reset Password

Keeped Me logged-in

LogIn

__

  * News __
    * Civic Issues
    * Community
    * Spidey Shots
    * Resident's Speak
  * What's New
  * Hype __
    * Gadgets
    * Fashion
    * Home
    * Travel
    * Trending
  * Grooming
  * Gourmet
  * Talkies
  * Wellness
  * SpideyManch
  * Special __
    * Heritage Watch
    * From the Readers' Pen
    * Writer's Highway
    * Season of Love
    * Queer Cheer
    * Power of Community
    * Coffee Tales
    * Chaishaala
    * Frontline Warriors

__

__

  * News
    * Communities
    * Civic Issues
    * Crime
    * Health & Sanitisation
    * Resident Speak
    * Power & Water
  * What's New
  * Hype
  * Wellness
  * Gourmet
  * Takies
  * Roling Tab
  * Spidey Manch

__

  1. Home
  2. News
  3. Give your rice a nutritional twist this summer

# Give your rice a nutritional twist this summer

#### Here are some healthy ideas to give rice delicious and nutritional twist
you must try this summer

  * By : Foodie Spidey

  * Posted : March 19, 2022

  * 

  * **Share:**
  *   *   *   * 

Rice is one of the most common staple food in many parts of the globe.
Similarly, a traditional Indian meal is incomplete without a portion of rice
in it. Rice is easy to digest that can be enjoyed with the combination of any
daal, curry or vegetable. Since summers are  approaching and rice consumption
is going to increase, you may find a leftover bowl of rice in the fridge. So
if you are wondering how to turn simple white rice into magical mouthwatering
flavours, you have landed at the right place! Here are some healthy ideas to
give rice delicious and nutritional twist you must try this summer season.  
  
**Egg Rice:** One of the easiest yet wonderful combinations of protein and
carbohydrate is egg and rice. Aside from being an excellent method of protein
intake it also tastes yummy and gives you a feeling of fullness for a longer
time. You can also add some flavoured spices, herbs and sauce to give it a
chatpta taste, which every Indian crave!

  
Collect the following written ingredients :

  * 2 Eggs
  * 1 cup rice
  * 1/4 tsp salt (beat together the salt and eggs)
  * 1 onion, finely chopped
  * 2 tbsp oil
  * 2 garlic cloves, finely chopped
  * 1 tbsp celery, finely chopped
  * 1 tsp soya sauce
  * 1 tsp vinegar
  * 1 tsp chilli sauce
  * 2 tbsp oil

  
**Steps  to prepare egg rice:**

  * Rinse the rice properly under cold water and boil it with one tablespoon of oil. Once it is ready let the water drain water out of it.
  * Now take one pan and heat 1 Tbsp oil. Add the eggs and cook them and keep the string to turn them into fragments.
  * Now take another pan and again heat oil. Add the garlic and onion and stir-fry together over high heat for about 5 minutes till the onion  become transparent.
  * Add the rice, soya sauce, chilli sauce, vinegar and celery and mix  together continuing to stir-fry over high heat.
  * Now garnish rice with scrambled egg, serve hot.

  
  
**Beetroot Pulao:** it's time to move on from regular veggie pulao and turn
things red! Enjoy beetroot pulao mixed with some spices and great flavours. A
bowl of beetroot pulao will surely give you enough vitamin  C, potassium and
iron before a workout.

  
**Collect  the following written ingredients :**

  * 1 tbsp Ginger-garlic paste
  * 1 Green chilli, slit
  * 1/2 tsp Cumin Seeds
  * 1/4 tsp Turmeric powder
  * 1 tsp Coriander Powder
  * 1 tsp Garam Masala
  * Salt to taste
  * Red chilli powder to taste
  *  Onions, sliced
  * 2 Tomatoes, chopped
  * 2 Potatoes, chopped
  * 1 small Beetroot, finely chopped
  * 1 cup Rice

  
**  Steps to prepare Beetroot Pulao:**

  * Before cooking, rinse and wash rice properly under cool water. Later  on, let the rice sit in water for at least half an hour.
  * Next, take a pan and add 1 tablespoon of oil on medium flame. Add cum  in seeds saute onions, green chilli and ginger-garlic paste.
  * Saute tomatoes, salt and all the spices.
  * Now add chopped beetroot and potatoes and rice.
  * Add water and let it all cook. Serve hot.

  
**Brown rice mushroom:** You can extract more fibre from brown rice than white
rice. This combination of mushroom and rice is a rich source of protein,
carbohydrates, low calories and antioxidants. Once it is ready, you can
sprinkle some salt and your favourite spices.

Caption

  
Collect the following written ingredients :

  * Salt, to taste
  * 2 cups water
  * 1/2 cup butter (you can reduce the amount if you want to or you can  use 2 Tbsp olive oil)
  * 1 green capsicum
  * 1 tsp black pepper
  * 1 cup brown basmati rice, washed
  * 9-10 mushrooms, washed and sliced
  * 1 onion, chopped

  
**Steps  to prepare brown rice mushroom:**

  * Wash and rinse the brown rice with water.
  * Clean and cut the mushrooms. You can also add some other veggies  according to your choices like onions and capsicum.
  * Now keep a pan on medium flame and add butter/olive let it get heated.  Now add onions. Saute till it turns pink.
  * Then add mushrooms, Saute till they become soft.
  * Now add the capsicum. Saute and add the pre-washed brown rice. Saute  the mixture for 5-7 minutes.
  * Next add spices like salt, pepper and 2 cups water.
  * Cook for 15 minutes or till the rice are done.

  
  
**Pot- chicken rice:**  This recipe is tasty and healthy but requires  little
effort. To prepare chicken all you need to do is to add  chicken, masalas and
rice together.

  
**Collect  the following written ingredients :**

  * 7-8 Pieces Chicken Pieces
  * 1/2 tsp Red chilli powder
  * 1/2 tsp Black Pepper
  * Salt as per taste
  * 1/2 cup Rice
  * 1/2 tbsp Red chilli powder
  * 1/2 tsp Turmeric powder
  * 1/2 tsp Black Pepper
  * 1/2 tsp Coriander Powder
  * Salt as per taste
  * 2 cups Chicken Stock

  
**Steps  to prepare pot- chicken rice:**

  * Take chicken pieces and  wash them properly. Keep it aside to drain  properly. After 10 minutes cook chicken in a pan or pot with red  chilli, pepper and salt till golden and crisp.
  * Once done take it out. Now in the same pot add washed rice and mix it  with red chilli, coriander powder, turmeric powder, salt and pepper.
  * Once rice turns a little brown and roasted properly. Add chicken stock  for the rice to cook.
  * After 3-4 whistle when the dish is ready, garnish it with lemon,  coriander leaves and mix again.
  * Serve it in a bowl and enjoy!

## Tags

  * #rice recipe
  * # egg rice
  * # chicken rice
  * # beetroot rice
  * # rice benefits

  * __ 979 Views

  * __2 Likes

  * __0 Comment

  * __ Report

  *     * **Share:**
    *     *     *     * 

Submit

Submit

PREVIOUS

##### Sleepy much? Here are some interesting facts about sleep

NEXT

##### Holi celebrated with fervour in Dwarka

  
  

#### Also Read

Holi 2022- 10 delicious food to spice up your Holi

Visit Saras Ajeevika Mela to taste authentic regio

Keep your kidneys healthy with this food

Get a taste of Bengali food at CR Park market 1

Amazing rice dishes from down south

Not just fish and rice, Bengali food is so much mo

### Location News

  * Delhi
  * Ghaziabad
  * Greater Noida
  * Gurugram
  * Noida

#### Trending Buzz

  * Prateek Wisteria hold meeting to discuss dog menace
  * Noida: Teej festivities from across the city
  * Teej: then and now, Dwarka women share thoughts
  * Hariyali Teej- GrenoWest societies go green!
  * Grenowest ladies come together to celebrate Teej

#### You may also like this

  * Get a taste of Bengali food at CR Park market 1..

  * Amazing rice dishes from down south..

  * Not just fish and rice, Bengali food is so much more!..

  * About
  * SpideyManage
  * Contact
  * Privacy
  * Sitemap

  * Feedback
  * Air Quality Index
  * Terms & Conditions

  * __
  *   * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

Copyright © 2022 CitySpidey All Rights Reserved.

