https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/21186/vegetable-fried-rice/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Main Dishes
  4. Rice
  5. Fried Rice Recipes
  6. Vegetable Fried Rice

# Vegetable Fried Rice

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.4

180 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 101 
  * 4 star values: 58 
  * 3 star values: 18 
  * 2 star values: 2 
  * 1 star values: 1 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 180 Ratings 
  * 130 Reviews 
  * 44 Photos 

This vegetable fried rice combines the nutty flavor of brown rice with the
fresh taste of bell peppers, baby peas, and other vegetables.

Recipe by dakota kelly

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Vegetable Fried Rice

Add Photo

Vegetable Fried Rice David MacPherson

Vegetable Fried Rice pman040

Vegetable Fried Rice Alison L.

Vegetable Fried Rice Mike

\+ 40 40 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

15 mins

cook:

40 mins

total:

55 mins

Servings:

4

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

4

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 4 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 3 cups water 
  * 1 ½ cups quick-cooking brown rice 
  * 2 tablespoons peanut oil 
  * 1 small yellow onion, chopped 
  * 1 small green bell pepper, chopped 
  * 1 teaspoon minced garlic 
  * ¼ teaspoon red pepper flakes 
  * 3 green onions, thinly sliced 
  * 3 tablespoons soy sauce 
  * 1 cup frozen petite peas 
  * 2 teaspoons sesame oil 
  * ¼ cup roasted peanuts (Optional)

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Bring water to a boil in a saucepan. Stir in rice. Reduce heat, cover, and
simmer until liquid is absorbed, about 20 minutes. Set aside.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Heat peanut oil in a large skillet or wok over medium heat. Add onions, bell
pepper, garlic, and red pepper flakes. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 3
minutes.

  * Step 3

Increase heat to medium-high. Stir in cooked rice, green onions, and soy
sauce; cook and stir for 1 minute. Add peas and cook 1 minute more.

  * Step 4

Remove from heat. Stir in sesame oil and garnish with peanuts.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

299 calories; protein 8.5g; carbohydrates 36.7g; fat 14.7g; sodium 731.3mg.
Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (130)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

THYMEFORME

Rating: 5 stars

06/06/2005

Loved this. Omitted the peanut oil and used the sesame oil for stir-frying.
Omitted the peanuts. Used edamame instead of canned peas and added matchstick
carrots and a little egg substitute. We will definitely make this again. By
the way, it made 5 side dish servings. Thanks, Verona.

Read More

Helpful (99)

### Most helpful critical review

Darris

Rating: 3 stars

05/16/2011

Needs egg

Read More

Helpful (9)

180 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 101 
  * 4 star values: 58 
  * 3 star values: 18 
  * 2 star values: 2 
  * 1 star values: 1 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

THYMEFORME

Rating: 5 stars

06/06/2005

Loved this. Omitted the peanut oil and used the sesame oil for stir-frying.
Omitted the peanuts. Used edamame instead of canned peas and added matchstick
carrots and a little egg substitute. We will definitely make this again. By
the way, it made 5 side dish servings. Thanks, Verona.

veggigoddess

Rating: 5 stars

07/19/2001

I couldn't rate the kids part because I don't have any, but I liked it. I made
it for my boy friend who loves fried rice, so we'll have to wait and see after
he tries it. I tried it and it had great flavor. I used edame ( soy beans )
instead of peas because that's what I had on hand and I would use a bit less
soy sauce next time, just cut down a little. Overall though it was great and I
can't beleive i've had this recipe in my box all this time and have never made
this. It's the only fried rice recipe iv'e found here that's totally
vegetarian and luckily it's a good one. Hopefully now more people will
discover this now that someone has finally tried it and given it a good
rating. Thank you!!

Pixie2

Rating: 5 stars

03/21/2008

It was good I added some carrots, corn and peas all frozen and fried it in
some sesame oil!!! I also fried up some mushrooms!!! I used basmati rice
instead of brown rice...

Elizabeth

Rating: 5 stars

12/15/2010

I used basmati rice because I find brown rice quite heavy. So...I didn't use 3
cups of water. I followed the cooking instructions for the rice on the pkg. I
also used frozen peas because I didn't want the peas to get mushy. I also
added 2 stalks of finely chopped celery. I'll definitely make this one again!

tiffany13

Rating: 4 stars

06/02/2007

This recipe was appreciated by my family sine they were getting tired of plain
rice. I added red peppers, celery, onions, garlic, hot pepper flakes and 2
eggs. I substitued the peanut oil for olive since that's what I had on hand.
So, our recipe was a variation, but still worked well.

naples34102

Rating: 5 stars

03/25/2014

Some recipes, like this one, don't need to be dissected. "D" good just as is -
I could eat a bowlful. The sesame oil should not be omitted as it takes this
from good to great. (I used long grain converted white rice rather than brown
rice but it turned brown with the soy sauce. Does that count?)

Joanna

Rating: 4 stars

01/15/2007

It needed egg.

BECCALYNN42

Rating: 5 stars

10/17/2007

I used olive oil instead of peanut oil, and added one egg. Tastes great! The
peanuts add a nice kick! I'll make this again.

Amanda Mills-Banks

Rating: 4 stars

01/08/2011

It really needed some carrots so when I was all done I chopped up some carrots
and stir fried them seperately and added them to the recipe! I also used
frozen peas instead of canned (more nutricious) and added them with the onions
and pepper! Next time I might put half of the pepper flakes just because my
kids thought it was spicy but it wasn't too spicy for me and I'm not big on a
lot of spice! I also added some chicken for some protein and we had this as a
meal instead of a side!!! It was so very yummy! Even without my adjustments it
was really good I just thought carrots would add nutrition and some bulk since
it was the only course!!! ****Now that ive made this ohhhh I don't
know....100+ times I wanted to add a few things! This recipe is so easy to
adjust to your liking! First of all if you aren't vegan you can take 1-2 eggs,
beat them and add them in last then stir fry until eggs are cooked! Be sure to
get the veggies in there right away once chicken is in there or you will end
up with crunchy veggies... unless of course you like crunchy veggies! I put
chopped chicken in and imeadiately start chopping and adding veggies! We also
use brown rice! I cook 2 cups dry rice seperately in my rice cooked then just
blend it all together before adding sesame oil or seeds!

Meg

Rating: 5 stars

11/02/2008

Fantastic. My husband loved it!

Cheoah

Rating: 5 stars

04/09/2008

This was pretty good, but I had to make a lot of changes due to lack of
ingredients. Did not have brown rice, so I used white. Did not use green
onions, dry pepper flakes, or peas because I don't care for peas. I added some
baccon grease for flavoring.

bamelc0402

Rating: 5 stars

08/11/2008

Easy enough were my 10 yr old daughter made it. My family likes the rice a
little more on the dry side so she increased the rice by ½ cups. she then
added carrots,green beans, mushrooms and red pepper for more color. Will make
again.

Darris

Rating: 3 stars

05/16/2011

Needs egg

MarilynR

Rating: 5 stars

07/30/2011

I liked this recipe alot. It was just as good as the fried rice I get at our
local take out. I didnt have peas and I added a bit more soy sauce. its a
keeper and thank you!

jolley900

Rating: 4 stars

07/20/2011

Very good. can't wait to make it again. I added some tofu that have been
marinated in a mix of soy, garlic and ginger then cubed and browned and I
added some egg. Next time I will leave out the sesame oil bc I liked the
flavor better without it and I will add some been sprouts and broccoli to make
it more of a one dish meal.

Nechama22

Rating: 5 stars

04/29/2012

This is a great recipe. The simple seasonings fool you into thinking it won't
be very flavorful, but it is. The sesame oil really makes the dish. I did add
some organic frozen mixed vegetables to the peppers and onions and used canola
instead of peanut oil bc I didn't have any. I also left out the green onions
bc I don't like them. I used one bag of the Success Boil-in-Bag brown rice and
it was perfect. I added one egg just to give it some protein since I was
giving it to my kids for lunch. This was quick, easy and flavorful!

Jennifer Gingras

Rating: 5 stars

03/04/2012

really good! We used a mixed veggie mix and it came out wonderfully and I
thought tasted better than at a restaurant. A lot less greasy too...

laurendissmore

Rating: 5 stars

06/07/2011

This is my first review! Yay! I have experimented with cooking for a few
years, but after altering this dish and having everyone love it, I felt like a
real cook! I used olive oil, because that was all I had, and used instant
white rice. I didn't have any peas, peanuts or any sesame oil. I substituted
with carrots, asparagus, and extra olive oil and two eggs that I beat up. I
also used extra garlic and extra red pepper flakes. I like it spicy. I didn't
add extra soy sauce, but put the bottle on the table for people to use. I did
feel like it needed more salt, but I wanted people to add soy sauce/salt to
their own liking! I will definitely make this again, and will experiment with
more veggies and maybe even shrimp or chicken!

MOLLIECOOK

Rating: 4 stars

03/02/2011

This was really good. I used vegetable oil and a little bacon grease to saute
the chopped onion. I also added chopped carrots & frozen peas. The dish was
delicious served along side baked salmon.

texrah

Rating: 5 stars

03/20/2011

Added celery, egg, tofu and water chestnuts.

ginny005

Rating: 4 stars

07/13/2011

I wasn't sure whether to rate this recipe, as I changed so much of it. But it
was a good base from which to start. I used the brown rice, but followed the
cooking instructions on the packet. I used olive oil instead of peanut oil,
but did add a tblspn of peanut butter. I used red bell pepper instead of
green, and added frozen peas and corn, which went in with the onions and
garlic. I was out of soy sauce, so I used teriyaki and I omitted the green
onions, sesame oil and peanuts. this was still an awesome dish and the red
pepper flakes added just the right kick. It was a hit with my family and I
will be making it again, with the changes I made.

mary1947

Rating: 5 stars

01/07/2011

I used brown rice, just because I always do for health reasons. Added finely
chopped carrots and a Jalepeno pepper + an egg at the end, and about 2T lemon
juice to brighten it up. VERY good!!! Will make again!

caitlincvv

Rating: 3 stars

06/03/2011

This was ok but a little bland, probably because I did not have peanut oil or
sesame oil. Added corn and cashews.

amandak23k

Rating: 5 stars

09/07/2012

I used minute brown rice for this recipe. I had a red bell pepper instead of a
green bell pepper, used frozen peas instead of canned, and used the same
teriyaki sauce I used for the hawaiin chicken that I served the rice with.
Turned out great!

coffeelover

Rating: 4 stars

05/22/2011

This was very tasty! My rice turned a bit mushy near the end and I blame
having too much water. So, next time I try this, less water I guess. I also
added one egg and used red bell pepper instead of green for more color. At the
end, we all dapped some more soy sauce and it was delicious!

jessi

Rating: 5 stars

05/10/2012

I didn't have any peanuts so I left them out, but this was still very good. I
also stirred in a couple of eggs near the end of cooking. This is an excellent
basic recipe that you can add anything to.

peebsy weebsy

Rating: 4 stars

11/09/2010

This didn't taste anyting like the fried rice I'm used to from the Chinese
food take-away since the rice had a different texture and it had no eggs, but
it was still tasty. I especially liked the addition of the peanuts on top.

LINDA MCLEAN

Rating: 4 stars

07/27/2010

I had a medley of leftover vegetables from the night before which worked great
in this dish. Due to allergies I had to skip the peanut oil but canola did
just fine. Good recipe and thank you!

KATERS0404

Rating: 5 stars

12/17/2001

this was terrific! A great potluck dish!

Danielle9004

Rating: 5 stars

03/31/2010

YUM! I was looking for a quick breakfast and a way to use up the rice pilaf
left over from last night's dinner, and this was perfect! Great way to use up
leftovers, plus it works great with frozen veggies too- I used a pepper/onion
frozen stir fry mix and used frozen peas and frozen edamame. For a little more
protein- and just because I like it- I added an egg at the end and mixed it
around. So easy and so good!

RichmondCooker

Rating: 5 stars

08/13/2012

I really like this recipe!! Love the addition of nuts, red pepper flakes, and
peppers - most people don't add peppers. I also added: 1 egg, 1 chopped up
chicken breast I had left over from grilling out the night before, and 1
julienned carrot. I also used a red pepper instead of green for the color. My
husband raved about this batch of fried rice when I made it 2 weeks ago and am
actually making it again tonight. Am thinking of making it with Hot Chili Oil
as my husband loves hot stuff and the red pepper flakes were barely detected
last time.

docswife

Rating: 5 stars

02/11/2013

Loved this. Only change I made was to use basmati rice instead of brown.

Leah Jenkins

Rating: 5 stars

06/14/2013

Used La Choy Teriyaki about 1/4 cup (to taste), and a can of mixed peas and
carrots, added 1 scrambled egg, and sometimes chicken, leave out the red
pepper as the sauce has it in it. Fantastic!!

Sarah Jo

Rating: 4 stars

02/08/2011

I used brown basmati rice that I cooked in organic chicken broth instead of
the water and quick cooking rice. I used a large yellow pepper (we don't care
for green peppers) and I increased the garlic. Instead of canned peas, I used
a mixture of organic frozen peas and carrots I had in my deep freeze. This was
a quick side I could throw together and it went well with Christian's Killer
BBQ and Grill Marinade on the chicken I had to go with it. This was an
inexpensive meal that made enough for my two hungry boys, one hungry husband
and I plus it made enough for lunch for my husband tomorrow.

f8hopeLove

Rating: 3 stars

08/19/2006

I wasn't too happy with this. I felt it was bland. I added sliced mushrooms
and I didn't have baby peas so I left those out. I also used sesame oil for
the peanut oil because it was all I had on hand. Still, I ate it all and the
leftovers also.

Ms. Delicious

Rating: 3 stars

01/15/2010

My advice for ANY fried rice: Make the rice at lease 8 hours (or even a day)
ahead, spread it out on a sheet pan, and refrigerate uncovered to dry. This
will give your finished fried rice a lovely, non-sticky texture. I think it's
critical. I'm also partial to fried rice with addition of scrambled egg.

just_jam

Rating: 4 stars

11/13/2013

this was pretty good for a basic veggie fried rice.. i've never had fried rice
with green bell pepper or without carrots, but i wanted to give this a try..
omitted the peanut oil and only used the sesame oil for stir frying like
THYMEFORME.. didn't notice the red pepper flakes and at the end i wanted a
little something to make the dish pop so i sprinkled some chinese five spice
powder on it and enjoyed the results.. ty for the recipe

FRODO12345

Rating: 5 stars

10/17/2004

Sooo good! I've made this many times and it's always turned out great. The
brown rice adds so much flavor! Thanks for sharing, Verona!

volcanogrl20

Rating: 5 stars

06/16/2014

Loved this recipe! I made a few changes...started with using my rice cooker
for the brown rice. Also substituted the veggies for a zucchini, carrot, and
green beans purchased from my local farmer's market. I used gluten-free soy
sauce to accommodate for my son's special diet...when all was done, we
absolutely enjoyed!

Jan Raymondi

Rating: 5 stars

04/07/2006

This was excellent. I used Near East whole grain brown rice and made it well
ahead of time. I'm not a big fan of can veggies so I cooked Birds Eye frozen
peas instead. GREAT RECIPE. Thanks.

Amy

Rating: 5 stars

07/06/2008

This was absolutely perfect! I loved it- It's just like our local chinese
restaurants- but we can make ti as healthy as we'd like.

Manderly

Rating: 5 stars

09/10/2010

Our favorite recipe and you can change it up with different veggies. We have
this every week!

Eileen Cervantes

Rating: 5 stars

09/18/2007

Yum, yum, yum!!! I tasted it when dinner started and nearly made it my entire
meal. I used red bell pepper and olive oil because that's what I had. It hit
the spot; I couldn't face another white rice dinner.

SUPAHSTAR

Rating: 4 stars

03/16/2010

used olive oil, fresh veggies(mushrooms, carrots, beans) and 1.5 tbs of sweet
thai chilli sauce. served it with amazingly spicy grilled shrimp from
AR.YUMMO!! :)

Jill

Rating: 5 stars

09/13/2009

We loved it though we did add an egg along with the peas as other users
suggested. I also added carrots with the onion and reduced the peanut oil by
1/2.

emoly516

Rating: 5 stars

11/15/2010

This was my first attempt at fried rice. I used half a bag of mixed veggies,
one onion, and three garlic cloves. I loved the nutty texture of the brown
rice in this, versus the usual white rice.

Gretchen Anderson

Rating: 4 stars

07/17/2006

Used Sesame Oil to stir-fry and added all the fresh vegetables, I had, those
listed as well as red onion, zucchini and summer squash. I never ever used
canned veggies. Frozen works well. Will use light sodium soy sauce in the
future. Great for use of leftover brown rice!

JENNAGIRL

Rating: 3 stars

09/21/2005

Flavor was a bit bland. Not sure what it is lacking... I would cut the soy
sauce in half next time. Maybe add a little ginger to the mix as well.

prell2k4

Rating: 4 stars

06/05/2008

This was good, I made it with white rice and frozen mixed veggies, nice change
to white rice.

Andrea

Rating: 5 stars

09/13/2010

Great Recipe! The only thing that I do different is that I love edamame so I
substitute frozen edamame for the peas. I also add a little white pepper to
kick the spice up a notch and leave out the peanuts to cut the fat a little.
Also, safflower oil makes this a nice light dish.

aabagby04

Rating: 3 stars

03/24/2010

Overall I liked this... but thought it was quite bland. It needed quite a bit
of soy sauce to give it more flavor on the plate.

STOLZS

Rating: 3 stars

11/06/2010

This was my first attempt at fried rice, needed more flavor and definitely add
egg and chicken

Jenne Cornett Routszong

Rating: 5 stars

11/11/2009

I didn't follow the recipe exactly but I loved the results. I omited the red
pepper flakes, the peanuts. I used all sesame oil instead of peanut oil. I
didn't have any green peppers and I used frozen peas and carrots, thawed. I
also used white rice instead of brown; it's all I had. I substituted teriyaki
sauce for the soy sauce; don't care for soy sauce at all. I read the reviews
and tried sauteing my rice before hand but the results were mushy. I think I
will try another suggestion of cooking the rice a day ahead of time and
letting it sit in the frig. Regardless, the taste was great! Definitely the
best fried rice I've ever made. This recipe is a keeper!

Blackcat

Rating: 5 stars

07/16/2010

This was very tasty. I used olive oil instead of peanut oil since that's what
I had on hand. I used chili sesame oil which is spicy, so I omitted the red
pepper flakes. And instead of canned baby peas, I used half a bag of frozen
peas and carrots. Yummy!

freddad

Rating: 5 stars

08/12/2009

Thanks so much. I really don't know why people feel compelled to rate a recipe
when they totally butcher the recipe. This is very, very good. My first
attempt and I'm carrying it to Church tomorrow to share with others. The ONLY
thing I did was increase the recipe and add carrots, corn, and peas. Thus, I
adjusted the peanut oil and other ingredients accordingly. Thanks so much.
Excellent and EZZZZ

Mary

Rating: 5 stars

11/24/2007

thanks alot

Hayley K.

Rating: 5 stars

07/19/2008

I really like the taste of this recipe. It's mild, not at all over-powering. I
used all the ingredients listed, added some corn, and it turned out great. The
recipe makes a lot, so I've got plenty of leftovers to eat for lunch over the
next few days. I add a small drop of soy sauce to each serving only to enhance
the flavor, but I could also do without it. All in all, a recipe I plan to
repeat!

Jillian

Rating: 5 stars

09/03/2009

Very good, and very easy to make! I added water chestnuts and mushrooms, which
were both tasty additions. Next time, I probably won't use green peppers,
because they were a little too bitter, and I might add an egg or two. I made
my rice in a rice cooker, which let the rice be sticky enough for chopsticks.

Newbie

Rating: 4 stars

08/26/2010

Family loved it... My daughter is a vegatarian in a house of meet lovers so it
is hard to find things to cook for everyone. This was great, everyone loved
it!

Susanna

Rating: 4 stars

12/14/2006

I didn't have any peanut oil so used olive. And I don't like used canned
veggies, so just chopped up what I had in the fridge - broccoli, green pepper,
green onion, carrots and celery. Brown rice really made this tasty and
healthy.

MaryEllen Smith

Rating: 5 stars

06/11/2017

I didn't use peas but added mushrooms. The colour wasn't as bright as the
version with peas but the taste was delicious. I have been looking for a fried
rice with a kick and this recipe was it. I will definitely make this again.

Buford Mom

Rating: 4 stars

06/02/2010

This is a great recipe. Loved the flavors. My hubby requested that I make this
again very soon. Thanks for sharing.

Nikki D

Rating: 5 stars

10/26/2016

This was easy and delish. I had several people asking me for the recipe. Happy
to say I got it here at All Recipes.

franybanany

Rating: 4 stars

10/03/2009

This was pretty good. We also added 2 eggs. I cooked the rice in veggie
stock/water mixture. I used frozen mixed veggies, plus fresh green pepps and
oninon. I needed a bit more soy sauce to have enough flavor, but that may be
because I left out the red pepper flakes for a dinner guest who cant eat spicy
food.

sbath

Rating: 2 stars

04/23/2017

Very bland and disappointing

Chef Bretagne

Rating: 5 stars

01/01/2016

This is the perfect basic fried rice recipe! I added mushrooms and red
peppers, it turned out just right!

Anna Landers Kastrup

Rating: 5 stars

04/28/2010

I have never made fried rice before and was very pleased how well this turned
out. I will definitely make this again.

sueb

Rating: 5 stars

06/22/2008

I used chopped red peppers and cayenne powder instead of crushed red pepper,
1/2 the amount of oil, and sliced the garlic. Great hot, and cold. I think I
will serve this as a salad next time!

superman

Rating: 3 stars

09/28/2007

O.k not to good

GEFOX3

Rating: 4 stars

12/30/2009

Great recipe- I used veggies I like (bell pepper, carrots, green onion and
broccoli) and sliced almonds because I needed to use them.

High_Noon

Rating: 5 stars

09/10/2008

Very delicious rice dish! The peanut oil adds a yummi nutty flavor to it!

Jeanne McCowan

Rating: 5 stars

06/28/2018

I love this recipe and I will love making many more fried rice recipes. There
seems to be no end to the variations of ingredients that can be used. Since I
sometimes have a hard time eating enough vegetables and fiber, this recipe and
many similar ones fit very well. I like reading the reviews of others who know
more about restaurant style fried rice than I do. Thank you.

JESSADG

Rating: 4 stars

09/16/2004

While I'm only so-so on this dish, simply because I'm not big on green
peppers, I still make it at least once a month, usually twice a month. Why?
Because my two year-old LOVES it. Maybe I'll try it with broccoli, which would
be better for me. ;)

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 3 stars

10/17/2002

This was nice, though I felt it was lacking flavour. Maybe it needs more herbs
and spices. The only change I made was in not adding the sesame oil in the
end, because I didn't think the dish needed any more oil! This recipe would
make 4 main dish servings.

mexican lover

Rating: 5 stars

06/16/2009

I am giving it a 5 with the changes made. Little more soy sauce, rice under
cooked a bit, no peas but I used carrots, onion, garlic, 1/2 green bell, corn
and crushed red pepper. Very good this way.

kdouglass97060

Rating: 4 stars

01/12/2017

I made this and loved it. Except 3 cups of water for the rice was way too
much. Maybe it was the rice i used. I would use a cup and a half. I also added
two eggs. So good!!!

joyundefined

Rating: 5 stars

01/25/2010

It came out quite good, for my first time making fried rice! :) I didn't have
some of the vegetables (like the peas and green onions), so I added in a
broccoli, cauliflower and carrots mix I had in the freezer. Then added some
flavored tofu I got from whole foods. Came out quite delicious!! :)

Doris Beckman-Reed

Rating: 4 stars

05/23/2018

Vegan friendly and very flavorful. Definitely recommend.

PrdMomOf1

Rating: 3 stars

03/14/2009

This recipe was OKAY... Will make again but with major tweaks. Onions were
completely unnesessary, made rice gooey and weird, cut the can of peas/carrots
to half, made too much. Extra soy sauce, kind of bland. and under cook rice,
because if fully cooked, once added to pan, becomes over cooked and way too
mushy. My finace loved it. Just didnt get me

Monica

Rating: 4 stars

12/27/2008

This is a great recipe. I did add two scrambled eggs. My family really enjoyed
it. Try it with the cantonese spareribs and pillow-soft dinner rolls. Yummy!

belldmm

Rating: 2 stars

10/16/2016

I followed the directions and ingredients and the final product was bland.

tstandr

Rating: 5 stars

07/26/2009

This is a great recipe. It's a great way to use up extra veggies. I used brown
Masbati rice per the recipe. For veggies I used green pepper, eggplant, peas,
onions, peas, and garlic. I also added firm tofu, cubed, and scrambled eggs.
My husband had THREE servings. He's never had three servings of anything I've
made. Definitely a keeper

carbivore

Rating: 5 stars

06/07/2017

very nice side dish! the peanuts are listed as optional but in my opinion add
a lot to this dish.

Jessica from Calgary

Rating: 5 stars

01/10/2018

This was delicious.

Aunt Pashra

Rating: 4 stars

07/21/2010

This is a great start! I used grape seed oil instead of peanut, added minced
ginger, daikon radish, and cabbage and bok choy near the end. I scrambled 2
eggs with a pinch of sugar and salt and poured them in after the peppers.
Also, I used cashews instead of peanuts, and sprinkled on sesame seeds. It was
just my perfect idea of what fried rice should be, and my husband agrees!

J-Coffey Smith

Rating: 4 stars

12/04/2018

Yummy.

Luv2cook

Rating: 4 stars

03/30/2020

Added broccoli

Manan Patel

Rating: 1 stars

07/21/2020

Waste of time and was nasty

Melissa Snyder Mullinax

Rating: 5 stars

08/03/2020

My 3 picky kids love it!! Ask for it regularly

Sherry

Rating: 4 stars

01/25/2020

Made as noted except Omitted green pepper as I did not have any on hand. This
is a very good fried rice recipe. Both hubby and I really liked it.

Ms Jean

Rating: 4 stars

08/22/2016

I didn't have peanut oil so I used olive oil. Also had cooked white rice on
hand so I used that. I went a little heavy on the garlic, but it still seemed
to lack flavor. Good, though.

ppettit64@yahoo.com

Rating: 5 stars

07/15/2016

I made this for my very finicky vegetarian daughter and she absolutely loved
it! She wants me to make it every day! I stayed true to the original recipe
except added a couple different veggies and omitted the peppers. Will
definitely make again for finicky 17 year old!

Love_London_xoxo

Rating: 5 stars

11/26/2015

This was a hit! My husband loves Chinese food so I wanted to try making it
instead of doing take out. We had store bought sesame chicken and I made the
fried rice. I had all ingredients except sesame oil, so I substituted with
peanut oil. Turned out great! I would suggest to add the soy sauce in
increments - pour a bit then stir and repeat. I ended up not using all of it
because it would have soaked the rice and overpowered the great flavors.

Care toe leana

Rating: 5 stars

02/28/2019

This was sooo good. The rice was on point!

Grace

Rating: 5 stars

05/28/2019

Best fried rice. We didn't add peas but with or without it is amazing.

Brad Elliott

Rating: 5 stars

04/06/2020

We added chopped carrots and a chopped fried eggs, and it was delicious! Would
make again :)

Kirsten

Rating: 5 stars

06/21/2018

This fried rice came out great! I used sesame oil to cook all of the
vegetables and I added crushed nuts to add some extra flavor once the dish was
done cooking. I used teriyaki sauce instead of soy sauce at the end as well,
just because that’s what I had on hand. I absolutely love it and I am
definitely going to make it again!

Lee Fergestrom

Rating: 5 stars

03/04/2016

Added water chestnuts and scrambled egg, used coconut oil instead of peanut
oil. Yummy!

Nadine König

Rating: 4 stars

02/27/2020

I made some changes. Delicious!

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Vegetable Fried Rice

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Vegetable Fried Rice

##  All Reviews for Vegetable Fried Rice

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Vegetable Fried Rice

Servings Per Recipe: 4  
Calories: 299.1  

% Daily Value *

protein:  8.5g  17 %

carbohydrates:  36.7g  12 %

dietary fiber:  4.9g  20 %

sugars:  4.5g

fat:  14.7g  23 %

saturated fat:  2.2g  11 %

vitamin a iu:  1079.1IU  22 %

niacin equivalents:  3.2mg  25 %

vitamin b6:  0.2mg  11 %

vitamin c:  24.2mg  40 %

folate:  48.5mcg  12 %

calcium:  50.7mg  5 %

iron:  1.9mg  10 %

magnesium:  38.8mg  14 %

potassium:  242mg  7 %

sodium:  731.3mg  29 %

thiamin:  0.1mg  15 %

calories from fat:  132.3

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Vegetable Fried Rice

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 130

Vegetable Fried Rice

1 of 44 Vegetable Fried Rice

David MacPherson

Vegetable Fried Rice

2 of 44 Vegetable Fried Rice

pman040

Vegetable Fried Rice

3 of 44 Vegetable Fried Rice

Alison L.

Vegetable Fried Rice

4 of 44 Vegetable Fried Rice

Mike

Vegetable Fried Rice

5 of 44 Vegetable Fried Rice

Claudia

Vegetable Fried Rice

6 of 44 Vegetable Fried Rice

Karen

Vegetable Fried Rice

7 of 44 Vegetable Fried Rice

Brad Elliott

Vegetable Fried Rice

8 of 44 Vegetable Fried Rice

mshep

Vegetable Fried Rice

9 of 44 Vegetable Fried Rice

mrees

Vegetable Fried Rice

10 of 44 Vegetable Fried Rice

natalie

Vegetable Fried Rice

11 of 44 Vegetable Fried Rice

Mike St Denis

Vegetable Fried Rice

12 of 44 Vegetable Fried Rice

Melody Furr

Vegetable Fried Rice

13 of 44 Vegetable Fried Rice

mscholar

Vegetable Fried Rice

14 of 44 Vegetable Fried Rice

Grace

Vegetable Fried Rice

15 of 44 Vegetable Fried Rice

Savannah Stokes

Vegetable Fried Rice

16 of 44 Vegetable Fried Rice

Care toe leana

Vegetable Fried Rice

17 of 44 Vegetable Fried Rice

Roy Rutledge

Vegetable Fried Rice

18 of 44 Vegetable Fried Rice

Kirsten

Vegetable Fried Rice

19 of 44 Vegetable Fried Rice

serialboy

Vegetable Fried Rice

20 of 44 Vegetable Fried Rice

Dea Validžic

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Vegetable Fried Rice to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Vegetable Fried Rice

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

