https://spoonacular.com/recipes/fish-hunan-style-4273


## Sign In Chef

OR

Sorry, the login information was incorrect.

sign in

No account yet? Sign up.

Forgot your password?

×

Search spoonacular

  
Meal Planner

  
Articles

  
Login!

Meal Planner

Articles

My Profile

  * Save to Recipe Box

## Our Disclaimer (The serious stuff)

By using our free meal planner (and the rest of spoonacular.com) you have to
agree that you and only you are responsible for anything that happens to you
because of something you have read on this site or have bought/cooked/eaten
because of this site. After all, the only person who controls what you put in
your mouth is you, right?

Spoonacular is a recipe search engine that sources recipes from across the
web. We do our best to find recipes suitable for many diets — whether
vegetarian, vegan, gluten free, dairy free, etc. — but we **cannot guarantee
that a recipe's ingredients are safe for your diet**. Always read ingredient
lists from the **original source** (follow the link from the "Instructions"
field) in case an ingredient has been incorrectly extracted from the original
source or has been labeled incorrectly in any way. Moreover, it is important
that you always **read the labels on every product you buy** to see if the
product could cause an allergic reaction or if it conflicts with your personal
or religious beliefs. If you are still not sure after reading the label,
contact the manufacturer.

We also attempt to estimate the cost and calculate the nutritional information
for the recipes found on our site. Again, we **cannot guarantee the accuracy
of this information**. Additionally, our nutrition visualizer that suggests
that you limit sodium, sugar, etc., and get enough protein, vitamins, and
minerals is **not intended as medical advice**. Similarly, our health tips are
based on articles we have read from various sources across the web, and are
**not based on any medical training**. The team behind spoonacular does not
possess any medical qualifications and the information may be found to be
incorrect or out of date based on future research. If you need help planning
your diet or determining which foods (and recipes) are safe for you, **contact
a registered dietitian, allergist, or another medical professional**.

Spoonacular is **not responsible** for any adverse effects or damages that
occur because of your use of the website or any information it provides (e.g.
after cooking/consuming a recipe on spoonacular.com or on any of the sites we
link to, after reading information from articles or shared via social media,
etc.)

×

# Fish Hunan Style



Image (C) Foodista.com – The Cooking Encyclopedia Everyone Can Edit

gluten-free

dairy-free



$1.62 per serving

1 likes

Ready in 1 hour and 2 minutes

8 gluten-free,dairy-free,gluten free,dairy free lunch,main course,main
dish,dinner

Spoonacular Score: 40%



Save Notes

Cancel

**My notes:**

Fish Hunan Style might be just the main course you are searching for. For
**$1.53 per serving** , this recipe **covers 11%** of your daily requirements
of vitamins and minerals. This recipe makes 8 servings with **122 calories** ,
**16g of protein** , and **3g of fat** each. 1 person has made this recipe and
would make it again. From preparation to the plate, this recipe takes
approximately **1 hour and 2 minutes**. Head to the store and pick up garlic,
cornstarch, chicken broth, and a few other things to make it today. To use up
the brown sugar you could follow this main course with the Brown-sugar Pound
Cupcakes With Brown-butter Glaze as a dessert. It is a good option if you're
following a **gluten free and dairy free** diet. All things considered, we
decided this recipe **deserves a spoonacular score of 42%**. This score is
solid. Try Easy Fish Molee (South Indian-Style Fish Stew With Coconut), Hunan
Kung Pao, and Hunan Beef for similar recipes.

Fish works really well with Pinot Grigio, Gruener Veltliner, and Pinot Noir.
Fish is as diverse as wine, so it's hard to pick wines that go with every
fish. A crisp white wine, such as a pinot grigio or Grüner Veltliner, will
suit any delicately flavored white fish. Meaty, strongly flavored fish such as
salmon and tuna can even handle a light red wine, such as a pinot noir. The
Alsace Willm Pinot Gris Reserve with a 4.4 out of 5 star rating seems like a
good match. It costs about 16 dollars per bottle.

#### Alsace Willm Pinot Gris Reserve

An intense golden color with hints of ocher, the wine has a nose of ripe
fruit, quince. In the mouth the attack is both supple and full, with notes of
honey and spices. The final perfectly balances sugar and acidity.Pair this
wine alongside pan-fried foie gras, grilled or roasted white meats (pork,
veal), rabbit, poultry in cream sauce, smoked fish, mushroom dishes such as
risotto.  
  
» Get this wine on Wine.com

## Ingredients

gridlist

Servings:8

metricUS

3 Tbsps

3 Tbsps

dry apple cider vinegar

3 Tbsps

3 Tbsps

brown sugar

680.39 g

1.5 lbs

red cod fish filets

235 ml

1 cup

chicken broth

1 Tbsp

1 Tbsp

mixed cornstarch

1 Tbsp

1 Tbsp

crushed crushed red pepper

1

1

eggs

1 Tbsp

1 Tbsp

fresh ginger

1 Tbsp

1 Tbsp

fresh garlic

2 Tbsps

2 Tbsps

green onion

3 Tbsps

3 Tbsps

soy sauce

3 Tbsps

3 Tbsps

dry apple cider vinegar

3 Tbsps

3 Tbsps

brown sugar

680.39 g

1.5 lbs

red cod fish filets

235 ml

1 cup

chicken broth

1 Tbsp

1 Tbsp

mixed cornstarch

1 Tbsp

1 Tbsp

crushed crushed red pepper

1

1

eggs

1 Tbsp

1 Tbsp

fresh ginger

1 Tbsp

1 Tbsp

fresh garlic

2 Tbsps

2 Tbsps

green onion

3 Tbsps

3 Tbsps

soy sauce

  

  

## Instructions

  1. Make marinade out of soy sauce, sherry (or vinegar), ginger, garlic and green onion. Cut fish into about 2 inch pieces and marinate for 30-40 minutes. Remove fish from marinade and save marinade for later sauce.
  2. Dip fish in beaten egg, then in floured bread crumbs. Fry in about an inch of shortening until nicely browned. Set aside while you make sauce.
  3. SAUCE: To the reserved marinade add red pepper, broth and brown sugar. Bring to a boil. Add the cornstarch mixed with water. Bring to a boil once more. Serve sauce hot over fish with noodles or rice.

Read the detailed instructions on Foodista.com – The Cooking Encyclopedia
Everyone Can Edit

## Price Breakdown

Cost per Serving: $1.62

 **Ingredient**  
3 Tbsps dry apple cider vinegar  
3 Tbsps brown sugar  
1.5 pounds red cod fish filets  
1 cup chicken broth  
1 Tbsp mixed cornstarch  
1 Tbsp crushed crushed red pepper  
1 eggs  
1 Tbsp fresh ginger  
1 Tbsp fresh garlic  
2 Tbsps green onion  
3 Tbsps soy sauce  

 **Price**  
$0.17  
$0.12  
$10.57  
$0.76  
$0.03  
$0.41  
$0.24  
$0.04  
$0.18  
$0.08  
$0.37  

$12.96

## Nutritional Information

Quickview

110k Calories

16g Protein

1g Total Fat

7g Carbs

9% Health Score

Limit These

Calories

110k

6%

  

Fat

1g

2%

  

Saturated Fat

0.32g

2%

  

Carbohydrates

7g

2%

  

Sugar

4g

5%

  

Cholesterol

57mg

19%

  

Sodium

556mg

24%

  

Get Enough Of These

Protein

16g

34%

  

Selenium

30µg

43%

  

Phosphorus

202mg

20%

  

Vitamin B12

0.83µg

14%

  

Vitamin B6

0.27mg

14%

  

Potassium

438mg

13%

  

Vitamin B3

2mg

12%

  

Magnesium

34mg

9%

  

Vitamin A

375IU

8%

  

Vitamin E

0.99mg

7%

  

Vitamin B2

0.11mg

6%

  

Manganese

0.12mg

6%

  

Vitamin D

0.88µg

6%

  

Vitamin B1

0.08mg

5%

  

Iron

0.9mg

5%

  

Vitamin C

3mg

4%

  

Vitamin K

4µg

4%

  

Zinc

0.57mg

4%

  

Copper

0.06mg

3%

  

Calcium

30mg

3%

  

Folate

11µg

3%

  

Vitamin B5

0.27mg

3%

  

Fiber

0.49g

2%

  

covered percent of daily need

## Related Recipes

  * 641970

#### Easy Fish Molee

click here to see more like this

  * 663175

#### Thai-Style Fish

click here to see more like this

  * 716408

#### Greek-Style Baked Fish: Fresh,...

click here to see more like this

  * 631894

#### A Fish That's Not Really A Fis...

click here to see more like this

  * 639658

#### Claypot Fish

click here to see more like this

  * 642929

#### Fish Congee

click here to see more like this

About  
Press  
Terms & Privacy  
DMCA  
Contact  

  
  
Donate

FAQ  
Food API  
Newsletter  
Food Chatbot  
Bookmarklet Chrome Extension Firefox Add-On Safari Extension

