https://www.yumofchina.com/hunan-fish/


Skip to content

Menu

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Dessert
    * Noodles
    * Chinese Bakery
    * Meat and Poultry Recipes
    * Snacks
    * Seafood
    * Soup
    * Stir Fry
    * Tofu
  * Utensils & Gadgets
  * How To
  * pantry
  * Celebrate
  * Healthy Eating
  * Culture

Menu

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Dessert
    * Noodles
    * Chinese Bakery
    * Meat and Poultry Recipes
    * Snacks
    * Seafood
    * Soup
    * Stir Fry
    * Tofu
  * Utensils & Gadgets
  * How To
  * pantry
  * Celebrate
  * Healthy Eating
  * Culture

# Hunan Fish -A Famous Chinese Steamed Fish Recipe

__Tweet

 __Share

 __Pin 17

17 Shares

> Feeling adventurous? Try this delicious Hunan delicacy! Crispy, yet soft;
> moist, yet not greasy- this fish is a great way to expand your culinary
> horizons!

Hunan Fish known as duo jiao yu tou is one of the famous dished in Hunan
province of China.

When I go to a restaurant with my family, I usually order a hunan fish like
the one below if it is on the menu.

The spicy hunan chili sauce is served with tender fish head meat.

It is a delicious combination, and a traditional Hunan staple.

Since I make my own Hunan chilies sauce, I can easily make this dish at home!

After trying several different recipes and preparation methods, I have made a
summary into this one, easy-to-follow, recipe I am going to share with you
today.

I have seen a lot of people making Hunan fish, and I have some tricks to make
the most authentic version of hunan style.

Check out more fish recipes:

Whole Baked Fresh Fish And Summer Salad

Braise Fish – Chinese Style Hong Shao Yu

Golden-Crispy Delicious Air Fryer Fish Recipe

Chinese Squirrel Mandarin Fish Recipe

Sweet And Sour Fish

Sichuan Boiled Fish – Step By Step Shui Zhu Yu Recipe

These techniques are not difficult to duplicate. If you follow these tips, you
will greatly improve from taste and appearance of your dish. It is definitely
worth a try!

**Ingredients:**

  * 1) About 1kg Fish head
  * 2) 100g of Hunan chilies sauce
  * 3) 10 Pickled peppers (optional)
  * 4) 1 tablespoon of douchi
  * 5) 1 tablespoon of sesame oil
  * 6) 2 teaspoons of oyster sauce
  * 7) 2 tablespoons of cooking wine
  * 8) 1 tablespoon oil
  * 9) 1 tsp Salt
  * 9) 1 tsp Sugar
  * 10) 2 cloves of Garlic
  * 11) 1 small piece of Ginger
  * 12) 2 Green Onion  
13) Cellophane noodles (soak until they become soft)

Procedure:

Step 1: Cut the fish head. It is easiest to use a butcher's knife as shown
above to split the head in half and lay flat.

Step 2: The black film on the inside of the fish head is removed, then
sprinkle salt, cooking wine on both sides of the fish head. Place some of the
ginger on it, and marinate.

Step 3: The pickled peppers, green onions, ginger, etc. are prepared.

Step 4: Heat a pan with a bit of oil, add ginger, hunan chili sauce, pickled
pepper, dried douchi, miced garlic, a small amount of sugar, and sauté for a
few moments until all ingredients are incorporated.

Step 5: Boil a large pot of water, add the fish head and simmer it until the
fish begins to lose its pinkish color.

Step 6: Put the fish head eyes up in the dish, spread the previously fried
ingredients, and then put a little fresh hunan chilies sauce, and finally put
some Cellophane noodles (soaked soft) underneath.

Step 7: Pour the light soy sauce, oyster sauce and cooking wine into a small
bowl, mix well and pour over the fish head, then top with sesame oil.

Step 8: Put the fish in the steamer for 10 minutes. After that point, continue
to simmer for 2 minutes.

Step 9: Sprinkle with chopped green onion. Pour the hot oil over the top. It
is now ready to serve!

Tips:

1\. In China, you can buy just the head or the whole fish on the market. I
pickled with salt the fish body, so I bought a whole fish

2\. It doesn't matter if there is no Pickled pepper. The simple hunan chili
sauce is also very good. The hunan chili sauce I used is made by myself. Check
out the guide for home-made hunan chili sauce.

3\. The black film on both sides of the fish head is also the source of the
astringency. It is best to remove it. You can also boil longer. You can try
this technique if you are sensitive to the fishy smell.

4\. Put whatever you like under the fish head, such as Winter melon slices,
potato slices. In this recipe, I use Cellophane noodles.

## Hunan Fish -A Famous Chinese Steamed Fish Recipe

Feeling adventurous? Try this delicious Hunan delicacy! Crispy, yet soft;
moist, yet not greasy- this fish is a great way to expand your culinary
horizons!

5 from 1 vote

Print Pin Rate

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Chinese

Prep Time: 10 minutes

Cook Time: 20 minutes

Servings: 3

### Ingredients

  * About 1kg Fish head
  * 100 g Hunan chilies sauce
  * 10 Pickled peppers optional
  * 1 tablespoon douchi
  * 1 tablespoon sesame oil
  * 2 teaspoons oyster sauce
  * 2 tablespoons cooking wine
  * 1 tablespoon oil
  * 1 tsp Salt
  * 1 tsp Sugar
  * 2 cloves Garlic
  * 1 small piece of Ginger
  * 2 Green Onion
  * Cellophane noodles soak until they become soft

### Instructions

  * Cut the fish head. It is easiest to use a butcher’s knife as shown above to split the head in half and lay flat.

  * The black film on the inside of the fish head is removed, then sprinkle salt, cooking wine on both sides of the fish head. Place some of the ginger on it, and marinate.

  * The pickled peppers, green onions, ginger, etc. are prepared.

  * Heat a pan with a bit of oil, add ginger, hunan chili sauce, pickled pepper, dried douchi, miced garlic, a small amount of sugar, and sauté for a few moments until all ingredients are incorporated.

  * Boil a large pot of water, add the fish head and simmer it until the fish begins to lose its pinkish color.

  * Put the fish head eyes up in the dish, spread the previously fried ingredients, and then put a little fresh hunan chilies sauce, and finally put some Cellophane noodles (soaked sofunderneath.

  * Pour the light soy sauce, oyster sauce and cooking wine into a small bowl, mix well and pour over the fish head, then top with sesame oil.

  * Put the fish in the steamer for 10 minutes. After that point, continue to simmer for 2 minutes.

  * Sprinkle with chopped green onion. Pour the hot oil over the top. It is now ready to serve!

Tried this recipe? Tag me on Instagram!Do you make this recipe? I’d love to
see it! Tag me on Instagram at @yumofchina.

__Tweet

 __Share

 __Pin 17

17 Shares

##### Whole Baked Fresh Fish and Summer Salad

##### Easy Way To Make Fish Balls and Two Ways to Eat Them

##### Chinese salted fish - Simple Way

##### Chinese Squirrel Mandarin Fish Recipe

##### Sweet and Sour Fish

##### Golden-Crispy Delicious Air Fryer Fish Recipe

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name Email Website

Δ

## Connect With Us

About Author

## Popular Posts

 **31 Chinese Dessert Recipes You Must-Try**

 **Homemade Chinese Alkaline Water Noodles**

 **Chinese Steamed Custard Buns (Nai Wong Bao) - Step By Step**

 **Red Bean Buns - Simple Chinese Bread**

 **Snow Skin Mooncake With Milky Pineapple Filling**

Yumofchina.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program,
an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn
advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.

  * Privacy Policy
  * Contact
  * About

(C) 2022 Yum of China

Close

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Dessert
    * Noodles
    * Chinese Bakery
    * Meat and Poultry Recipes
    * Snacks
    * Seafood
    * Soup
    * Stir Fry
    * Tofu
  * Utensils & Gadgets
  * How To
  * pantry
  * Celebrate
  * Healthy Eating
  * Culture

