https://www.dummies.com/food-drink/recipes/seafood/hunan-style-braised-fish/


{"appState":{"pageLoadApiCallsStatus":true},"articleState":{"article":{"headers":{"creationTime":"2016-03-26T22:48:52+00:00","modifiedTime":"2016-03-26T22:48:52+00:00","timestamp":"2022-06-22T19:30:11+00:00"},"data":{"breadcrumbs":[{"name":"Home,
Auto, & Hobbies","_links":{"self":"https://dummies-
api.dummies.com/v2/categories/33809"},"slug":"home-auto-
hobbies","categoryId":33809},{"name":"Food &
Drink","_links":{"self":"https://dummies-
api.dummies.com/v2/categories/33839"},"slug":"food-
drink","categoryId":33839},{"name":"Recipes","_links":{"self":"https://dummies-
api.dummies.com/v2/categories/33859"},"slug":"recipes","categoryId":33859},{"name":"Chinese
Recipes","_links":{"self":"https://dummies-
api.dummies.com/v2/categories/33866"},"slug":"chinese","categoryId":33866}],"title":"Hunan-
Style Braised Fish","strippedTitle":"hunan-style braised fish","slug":"hunan-
style-braised-fish","canonicalUrl":"","seo":{"metaDescription":"Hunan-Style
Braised Fish is cooked with a spicy sauce that goes well with rice or noodles.
You can make your own spicy, braised fish in the Hunan style with
thi","noIndex":0,"noFollow":0},"content":"<p>Hunan-Style Braised Fish is
cooked with a spicy sauce that goes well with rice or noodles. You can make
your own spicy, braised fish in the Hunan style with this recipe. Freshwater
fish are perfect for pairing with zesty sauce. Any type of firm, moist white
fish works in this dish. Choose one with a slightly fatty texture to provide a
counterpoint to the sauceâs piquancy, such as sea bass, cod, or
halibut.</p>\n<p><b><i>Preparation time: </i></b><i>15
minutes</i></p>\n<p><b><i>Cooking time: </i></b><i>10
minutes</i></p>\n<p><b><i>Yield: </i></b><i>4 servings</i></p>\n<p
class=\"recipe_ingredient\">1 pound fish steaks or fillets, about 1-inch
thick</p>\n<p class=\"recipe_ingredient\">1/4 teaspoon salt</p>\n<p
class=\"recipe_ingredient\">1/4 cup chicken broth</p>\n<p
class=\"recipe_ingredient\">2 tablespoons Chinese rice wine</p>\n<p
class=\"recipe_ingredient\">2 teaspoons black bean garlic sauce</p>\n<p
class=\"recipe_ingredient\">1 1/2 teaspoons sugar</p>\n<p
class=\"recipe_ingredient\">1 teaspoon chile garlic sauce</p>\n<p
class=\"recipe_ingredient\">1 teaspoon sesame oil</p>\n<p
class=\"recipe_ingredient\">1/2 teaspoon soy sauce</p>\n<p
class=\"recipe_ingredient\">2 tablespoons cooking oil</p>\n<p
class=\"recipe_ingredient\">1 green onion</p>\n<p
class=\"recipe_ingredient_last\">1 teaspoon cornstarch</p>\n<ol class=\"level-
one\">\n <li><p class=\"first-para\">Cut the fish into four pieces.</p>\n
</li>\n <li><p class=\"first-para\">Pat the fish dry with a paper towel.</p>\n
</li>\n <li><p class=\"first-para\">Rub the salt all over the fish
pieces.</p>\n </li>\n <li><p class=\"first-para\">Let stand for 10
minutes.</p>\n </li>\n <li><p class=\"first-para\">Combine the chicken broth,
rice wine, black bean garlic sauce, sugar, chile garlic sauce, sesame oil, and
soy sauce in a bowl.</p>\n </li>\n <li><p class=\"first-para\">Place a wok
over high heat until hot.</p>\n </li>\n <li><p class=\"first-para\">Add the
cooking oil, swirling to coat the sides.</p>\n </li>\n <li><p class=\"first-
para\">Reduce the heat to medium and add the fish; pan-fry until golden brown,
about 2 minutes on each side.</p>\n </li>\n <li><p class=\"first-para\">Add
the sauce and bring to a boil.</p>\n </li>\n <li><p class=\"first-
para\">Thinly slice the green onion.</p>\n </li>\n <li><p class=\"first-
para\">Add the green onion to the wok, cover, and braise over low heat for 3
to 5 minutes.</p>\n </li>\n <li><p class=\"first-para\">Dissolve the
cornstarch in 2 teaspoons water.</p>\n </li>\n <li><p class=\"first-para\">Add
the cornstarch solution to the wok and cook, stirring, until the sauce boils
and thickens.</p>\n </li>\n</ol>","description":"<p>Hunan-Style Braised Fish
is cooked with a spicy sauce that goes well with rice or noodles. You can make
your own spicy, braised fish in the Hunan style with this recipe. Freshwater
fish are perfect for pairing with zesty sauce. Any type of firm, moist white
fish works in this dish. Choose one with a slightly fatty texture to provide a
counterpoint to the sauceâs piquancy, such as sea bass, cod, or
halibut.</p>\n<p><b><i>Preparation time: </i></b><i>15
minutes</i></p>\n<p><b><i>Cooking time: </i></b><i>10
minutes</i></p>\n<p><b><i>Yield: </i></b><i>4 servings</i></p>\n<p
class=\"recipe_ingredient\">1 pound fish steaks or fillets, about 1-inch
thick</p>\n<p class=\"recipe_ingredient\">1/4 teaspoon salt</p>\n<p
class=\"recipe_ingredient\">1/4 cup chicken broth</p>\n<p
class=\"recipe_ingredient\">2 tablespoons Chinese rice wine</p>\n<p
class=\"recipe_ingredient\">2 teaspoons black bean garlic sauce</p>\n<p
class=\"recipe_ingredient\">1 1/2 teaspoons sugar</p>\n<p
class=\"recipe_ingredient\">1 teaspoon chile garlic sauce</p>\n<p
class=\"recipe_ingredient\">1 teaspoon sesame oil</p>\n<p
class=\"recipe_ingredient\">1/2 teaspoon soy sauce</p>\n<p
class=\"recipe_ingredient\">2 tablespoons cooking oil</p>\n<p
class=\"recipe_ingredient\">1 green onion</p>\n<p
class=\"recipe_ingredient_last\">1 teaspoon cornstarch</p>\n<ol class=\"level-
one\">\n <li><p class=\"first-para\">Cut the fish into four pieces.</p>\n
</li>\n <li><p class=\"first-para\">Pat the fish dry with a paper towel.</p>\n
</li>\n <li><p class=\"first-para\">Rub the salt all over the fish
pieces.</p>\n </li>\n <li><p class=\"first-para\">Let stand for 10
minutes.</p>\n </li>\n <li><p class=\"first-para\">Combine the chicken broth,
rice wine, black bean garlic sauce, sugar, chile garlic sauce, sesame oil, and
soy sauce in a bowl.</p>\n </li>\n <li><p class=\"first-para\">Place a wok
over high heat until hot.</p>\n </li>\n <li><p class=\"first-para\">Add the
cooking oil, swirling to coat the sides.</p>\n </li>\n <li><p class=\"first-
para\">Reduce the heat to medium and add the fish; pan-fry until golden brown,
about 2 minutes on each side.</p>\n </li>\n <li><p class=\"first-para\">Add
the sauce and bring to a boil.</p>\n </li>\n <li><p class=\"first-
para\">Thinly slice the green onion.</p>\n </li>\n <li><p class=\"first-
para\">Add the green onion to the wok, cover, and braise over low heat for 3
to 5 minutes.</p>\n </li>\n <li><p class=\"first-para\">Dissolve the
cornstarch in 2 teaspoons water.</p>\n </li>\n <li><p class=\"first-para\">Add
the cornstarch solution to the wok and cook, stirring, until the sauce boils
and thickens.</p>\n
</li>\n</ol>","blurb":"","authors":[{"authorId":9368,"name":"Martin
Yan","slug":"martin-yan","description":" <b><i>Mexican Cooking</i></b><br />
<b>Mary Sue Milliken</b> and <b>Susan Feniger</b> may be &#8220;two gringas
from the Midwest,&#8221; but they fell deeply in love with Mexican food when
first introduced to it more than 20 years ago. The two chefs became friends in
the late &#8217;70s while working in the otherwise all-male kitchen of a
prestigious French restaurant in Chicago called Le Perroquet. After honing
their skills in fine restaurants in France and America, they opened their
first restaurant, the highly celebrated City Caf&#233;, in Los Angeles in
1981. These days, they divide their time between their three restaurants,
Border Grills in Santa Monica and Las Vegas, and the upscale Ciudad in
downtown Los Angeles. They also have authored five previous cookbooks,
including <i>Mexican Cooking For Dummies,</i> host the popular Television Food
Network series, <i>Too Hot Tamales,</i> and are heard regularly on Southern
California radio. <p><b>Helene Siegel</b> is the co-author with Mary Sue and
Susan of <i>City Cuisine, Mesa Mexicana, Cooking with the Too Hot Tamales,</i>
and <i>Mexican Cooking For Dummies.</i> She also is the author of <i>The
Ethnic Kitchen</i> series and 32 single subject cookbooks in the best-selling
<i>Totally Cookbook</i> series. Her articles have appeared in the <i>Los
Angeles Times,</i> the <i>Times Syndicate, Fine Cooking,</i> and on the Web at
cuisinenet.com.</p> <p><b><i>Italian Cooking<br /> </i></b><b>Cesare
Casella</b> was born in a small town outside Lucca, Italy. He grew up in and
around his family&#8217;s restaurant, called Il Vipore. As a young chef, he
transformed Il Vipore into a world-class establishment, earning a well-
deserved Michelin star. Since 1993, Casella has been working as a chef at
several leading Italian restaurants in New York. He is the coauthor of
<i>Diary of a Tuscan Chef</i> and <i>Italian Cooking For Dummies.</i></p>
<p><b>Jack Bishop</b> is the author or coauthor of several books on Italian
food, including <i>The Complete Italian Vegetarian Cookbook, Pasta e Verdura,
Lasagna,</i> and <i>Italian Cooking For Dummies.</i> He is the senior writer
for <i>Cook&#8217;s Illustrated</i> and writes for various national magazines
and newspapers. He has studied cooking in Italy.</p> <p><b><i>French Cooking
and Greek and Middle Eastern Cooking</i></b><br /> <b>Tom Lacalamita</b> (Long
Island, New York) is a best-selling author of five appliance-related
cookbooks. Nominated for a James Beard cookbook award, Tom is considered a
national authority on housewares and has appeared on hundreds of television
and radio shows across the country. With a passion for food, cooking, and all
sorts of kitchen gadgets, Tom is a spokesperson for various food and
housewares manufacturers. He is the author of <i>Slow Cookers For Dummies</i>
and <i>Pressure Cookers For Dummies.</i></p> <p><b><i>Indian
Cooking</i></b><br /> <b>Heather Dismore</b> began her career as a well-
traveled, highly productive restaurant manager. She left the industry to
devote time to her family and her love of writing. In a publishing career
spanning over a decade, her work has impacted some 400 titles. Dismore resides
in Naperville, Illinois, with her husband, who is a professional chef, and
their two daughters. She is the owner of PageOne Publishing, a freelance Web
content development company with a focus on the hospitality industry.</p>
<p><b><i>Chinese Cooking</i></b><br /> <b>Martin Yan,</b> celebrated host of
more than 1,500 cooking shows, highly respected food and restaurant
consultant, and certified master chef, enjoys distinction as both teacher and
author. His many talents are showcased in over two dozen best-selling
cookbooks, including <i>Martin Yan&#8217;s Feast: The Best of Yan Can Cook,
Martin Yan&#8217;s Invitation to Chinese Cooking,</i> and <i>Chinese Cooking
For Dummies.</i> Yan is the founder of the Yan Can International Cooking
School in the San Francisco Bay Area. <i>Yan Can Cook</i> has received
national and international recognition, including a 1998 Daytime Emmy Award, a
1996 James Beard Award for Best TV Food Journalism, and a 1994 James Beard
Award for Best TV Cooking Show.</p> <p><b><i>Japanese Cooking</i></b><br />
<b>Dede Wilson, CCP</b> (Certified Culinary Professional), is a self-taught
chef who loves making appetizers and organizing parties. She has worked
professionally for more than 17 years as a restaurant chef, bakery owner,
caterer, recipe developer, radio talk-show host, and frequent television
guest. Dede is also a frequent contributor to <i>Bon App&#233;tit</i> magazine
and a contributing editor to <i>Pastry Art and Design</i> magazine and is the
food and entertainment expert for CanDoWoman.com. Dede has written three other
cookbooks, including <i>The Wedding Cake Book</i> (Wiley, 1997), which was
nominated for an IACP Julia Child Cookbook Award. She also authored
<i>Christmas Cooking For Dummies</i> and <i>Appetizers For Dummies.</i></p>
<p><b><i>Thai Cooking</i></b><br /> <b>Joan H. Moravek</b> left the Securities
Industry in 1990 and decided to pursue a career in the food service industry.
The last 12 years have led her to explore some of the many facets of the
culinary profession. A lifelong resident of Chicago, Joan has traveled
extensively and continues to educate herself by researching, cooking, and
&#8220;eating her way&#8221; through the cuisines of many countries.</p>
<p><b>Kristin Eddy</b> is the Food Writer for the <i>Chicago Tribune</i> and
also covers Travel and Health stories for the paper. During 17 years as an
award-winning writer, Eddy has worked for the <i>Washington Post, Atlanta
Journal-Constitution</i> and the <i>Cleveland Plain Dealer,</i> covering
everything from news and health stories to restaurant reviews and the 1996
Olympic Games. As the daughter of a diplomat, Eddy was born in Beirut,
Lebanon, and lived in Aleppo and Damascus, Syria; Istanbul, London, and Paris.
She has traveled widely on assignment for the <i>Tribune,</i> reporting food
stories from around the U.S. as well as Istanbul, Thailand, Vietnam,
Indonesia, India, and Jamaica. Eddy has had 14 years of experience in writing
about food, developing, testing, and editing recipes for various
newspapers.</p>","_links":{"self":"https://dummies-
api.dummies.com/v2/authors/9368"}}],"primaryCategoryTaxonomy":{"categoryId":33866,"title":"Chinese
Recipes","slug":"chinese","_links":{"self":"https://dummies-
api.dummies.com/v2/categories/33866"}},"secondaryCategoryTaxonomy":{"categoryId":0,"title":null,"slug":null,"_links":null},"tertiaryCategoryTaxonomy":{"categoryId":0,"title":null,"slug":null,"_links":null},"trendingArticles":null,"inThisArticle":[],"relatedArticles":{"fromBook":[{"articleId":209418,"title":"Chinese
Cooking For Dummies Cheat Sheet","slug":"chinese-cooking-for-dummies-cheat-
sheet","categoryList":["home-auto-hobbies","food-
drink","recipes","chinese"],"_links":{"self":"https://dummies-
api.dummies.com/v2/articles/209418"}},{"articleId":206752,"title":"How to
Shell Shrimp","slug":"how-to-shell-shrimp","categoryList":["home-auto-
hobbies","food-drink","recipes","chinese"],"_links":{"self":"https://dummies-
api.dummies.com/v2/articles/206752"}},{"articleId":201608,"title":"Chinese
Herbs and Spices","slug":"chinese-herbs-and-spices","categoryList":["home-
auto-hobbies","food-
drink","recipes","chinese"],"_links":{"self":"https://dummies-
api.dummies.com/v2/articles/201608"}},{"articleId":201607,"title":"Chinese
Potstickers","slug":"chinese-potstickers","categoryList":["home-auto-
hobbies","food-drink","recipes","chinese"],"_links":{"self":"https://dummies-
api.dummies.com/v2/articles/201607"}},{"articleId":201606,"title":"Classic
Chinese Sauces and Condiments","slug":"classic-chinese-sauces-and-
condiments","categoryList":["home-auto-hobbies","food-
drink","recipes","chinese"],"_links":{"self":"https://dummies-
api.dummies.com/v2/articles/201606"}}],"fromCategory":[{"articleId":209418,"title":"Chinese
Cooking For Dummies Cheat Sheet","slug":"chinese-cooking-for-dummies-cheat-
sheet","categoryList":["home-auto-hobbies","food-
drink","recipes","chinese"],"_links":{"self":"https://dummies-
api.dummies.com/v2/articles/209418"}},{"articleId":208046,"title":"Chinese For
Dummies Cheat Sheet","slug":"chinese-for-dummies-cheat-
sheet","categoryList":["home-auto-hobbies","food-
drink","recipes","chinese"],"_links":{"self":"https://dummies-
api.dummies.com/v2/articles/208046"}},{"articleId":206752,"title":"How to
Shell Shrimp","slug":"how-to-shell-shrimp","categoryList":["home-auto-
hobbies","food-drink","recipes","chinese"],"_links":{"self":"https://dummies-
api.dummies.com/v2/articles/206752"}},{"articleId":201608,"title":"Chinese
Herbs and Spices","slug":"chinese-herbs-and-spices","categoryList":["home-
auto-hobbies","food-
drink","recipes","chinese"],"_links":{"self":"https://dummies-
api.dummies.com/v2/articles/201608"}},{"articleId":201607,"title":"Chinese
Potstickers","slug":"chinese-potstickers","categoryList":["home-auto-
hobbies","food-drink","recipes","chinese"],"_links":{"self":"https://dummies-
api.dummies.com/v2/articles/201607"}}]},"hasRelatedBookFromSearch":false,"relatedBook":{"bookId":282078,"slug":"chinese-
cooking-for-dummies","isbn":"9780764552472","categoryList":["home-auto-
hobbies","food-
drink","recipes","chinese"],"amazon":{"default":"https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0764552473/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&tag=wiley01-20","ca":"https://www.amazon.ca/gp/product/0764552473/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&tag=wiley01-20","indigo_ca":"http://www.tkqlhce.com/click-9208661-13710633?url=https://www.chapters.indigo.ca/en-
ca/books/product/0764552473-item.html&cjsku=978111945484","gb":"https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/product/0764552473/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&tag=wiley01-20","de":"https://www.amazon.de/gp/product/0764552473/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&tag=wiley01-20"},"image":{"src":"https://www.dummies.com/wp-
content/uploads/chinese-cooking-for-dummies-
cover-9780764552472-201x255.jpg","width":201,"height":255},"title":"Chinese
Cooking For
Dummies","testBankPinActivationLink":"","bookOutOfPrint":false,"authorsInfo":"Martin
Yan hosts the award-winning TV show Yan Can Cook, broadcast on 240 U.S.
stations and in 70 countries internationally. His bestselling cookbooks
include Martin Yan's Feast and Martin Yan's Invitation to Chinese
Cooking.","authors":[{"authorId":9368,"name":"Martin Yan","slug":"martin-
yan","description":" <b><i>Mexican Cooking</i></b><br /> <b>Mary Sue
Milliken</b> and <b>Susan Feniger</b> may be &#8220;two gringas from the
Midwest,&#8221; but they fell deeply in love with Mexican food when first
introduced to it more than 20 years ago. The two chefs became friends in the
late &#8217;70s while working in the otherwise all-male kitchen of a
prestigious French restaurant in Chicago called Le Perroquet. After honing
their skills in fine restaurants in France and America, they opened their
first restaurant, the highly celebrated City Caf&#233;, in Los Angeles in
1981. These days, they divide their time between their three restaurants,
Border Grills in Santa Monica and Las Vegas, and the upscale Ciudad in
downtown Los Angeles. They also have authored five previous cookbooks,
including <i>Mexican Cooking For Dummies,</i> host the popular Television Food
Network series, <i>Too Hot Tamales,</i> and are heard regularly on Southern
California radio. <p><b>Helene Siegel</b> is the co-author with Mary Sue and
Susan of <i>City Cuisine, Mesa Mexicana, Cooking with the Too Hot Tamales,</i>
and <i>Mexican Cooking For Dummies.</i> She also is the author of <i>The
Ethnic Kitchen</i> series and 32 single subject cookbooks in the best-selling
<i>Totally Cookbook</i> series. Her articles have appeared in the <i>Los
Angeles Times,</i> the <i>Times Syndicate, Fine Cooking,</i> and on the Web at
cuisinenet.com.</p> <p><b><i>Italian Cooking<br /> </i></b><b>Cesare
Casella</b> was born in a small town outside Lucca, Italy. He grew up in and
around his family&#8217;s restaurant, called Il Vipore. As a young chef, he
transformed Il Vipore into a world-class establishment, earning a well-
deserved Michelin star. Since 1993, Casella has been working as a chef at
several leading Italian restaurants in New York. He is the coauthor of
<i>Diary of a Tuscan Chef</i> and <i>Italian Cooking For Dummies.</i></p>
<p><b>Jack Bishop</b> is the author or coauthor of several books on Italian
food, including <i>The Complete Italian Vegetarian Cookbook, Pasta e Verdura,
Lasagna,</i> and <i>Italian Cooking For Dummies.</i> He is the senior writer
for <i>Cook&#8217;s Illustrated</i> and writes for various national magazines
and newspapers. He has studied cooking in Italy.</p> <p><b><i>French Cooking
and Greek and Middle Eastern Cooking</i></b><br /> <b>Tom Lacalamita</b> (Long
Island, New York) is a best-selling author of five appliance-related
cookbooks. Nominated for a James Beard cookbook award, Tom is considered a
national authority on housewares and has appeared on hundreds of television
and radio shows across the country. With a passion for food, cooking, and all
sorts of kitchen gadgets, Tom is a spokesperson for various food and
housewares manufacturers. He is the author of <i>Slow Cookers For Dummies</i>
and <i>Pressure Cookers For Dummies.</i></p> <p><b><i>Indian
Cooking</i></b><br /> <b>Heather Dismore</b> began her career as a well-
traveled, highly productive restaurant manager. She left the industry to
devote time to her family and her love of writing. In a publishing career
spanning over a decade, her work has impacted some 400 titles. Dismore resides
in Naperville, Illinois, with her husband, who is a professional chef, and
their two daughters. She is the owner of PageOne Publishing, a freelance Web
content development company with a focus on the hospitality industry.</p>
<p><b><i>Chinese Cooking</i></b><br /> <b>Martin Yan,</b> celebrated host of
more than 1,500 cooking shows, highly respected food and restaurant
consultant, and certified master chef, enjoys distinction as both teacher and
author. His many talents are showcased in over two dozen best-selling
cookbooks, including <i>Martin Yan&#8217;s Feast: The Best of Yan Can Cook,
Martin Yan&#8217;s Invitation to Chinese Cooking,</i> and <i>Chinese Cooking
For Dummies.</i> Yan is the founder of the Yan Can International Cooking
School in the San Francisco Bay Area. <i>Yan Can Cook</i> has received
national and international recognition, including a 1998 Daytime Emmy Award, a
1996 James Beard Award for Best TV Food Journalism, and a 1994 James Beard
Award for Best TV Cooking Show.</p> <p><b><i>Japanese Cooking</i></b><br />
<b>Dede Wilson, CCP</b> (Certified Culinary Professional), is a self-taught
chef who loves making appetizers and organizing parties. She has worked
professionally for more than 17 years as a restaurant chef, bakery owner,
caterer, recipe developer, radio talk-show host, and frequent television
guest. Dede is also a frequent contributor to <i>Bon App&#233;tit</i> magazine
and a contributing editor to <i>Pastry Art and Design</i> magazine and is the
food and entertainment expert for CanDoWoman.com. Dede has written three other
cookbooks, including <i>The Wedding Cake Book</i> (Wiley, 1997), which was
nominated for an IACP Julia Child Cookbook Award. She also authored
<i>Christmas Cooking For Dummies</i> and <i>Appetizers For Dummies.</i></p>
<p><b><i>Thai Cooking</i></b><br /> <b>Joan H. Moravek</b> left the Securities
Industry in 1990 and decided to pursue a career in the food service industry.
The last 12 years have led her to explore some of the many facets of the
culinary profession. A lifelong resident of Chicago, Joan has traveled
extensively and continues to educate herself by researching, cooking, and
&#8220;eating her way&#8221; through the cuisines of many countries.</p>
<p><b>Kristin Eddy</b> is the Food Writer for the <i>Chicago Tribune</i> and
also covers Travel and Health stories for the paper. During 17 years as an
award-winning writer, Eddy has worked for the <i>Washington Post, Atlanta
Journal-Constitution</i> and the <i>Cleveland Plain Dealer,</i> covering
everything from news and health stories to restaurant reviews and the 1996
Olympic Games. As the daughter of a diplomat, Eddy was born in Beirut,
Lebanon, and lived in Aleppo and Damascus, Syria; Istanbul, London, and Paris.
She has traveled widely on assignment for the <i>Tribune,</i> reporting food
stories from around the U.S. as well as Istanbul, Thailand, Vietnam,
Indonesia, India, and Jamaica. Eddy has had 14 years of experience in writing
about food, developing, testing, and editing recipes for various
newspapers.</p>","_links":{"self":"https://dummies-
api.dummies.com/v2/authors/9368"}}],"_links":{"self":"https://dummies-
api.dummies.com/v2/books/"}},"collections":[],"articleAds":{"footerAd":"<div
class=\"du-ad-region row\" id=\"article_page_adhesion_ad\"><div class=\"du-ad-
unit col-md-12\" data-slot-id=\"article_page_adhesion_ad\" data-
refreshed=\"false\" \r\n data-target =
\"[{&quot;key&quot;:&quot;cat&quot;,&quot;values&quot;:[&quot;home-auto-
hobbies&quot;,&quot;food-
drink&quot;,&quot;recipes&quot;,&quot;chinese&quot;]},{&quot;key&quot;:&quot;isbn&quot;,&quot;values&quot;:[&quot;9780764552472&quot;]}]\"
id=\"du-slot-62b36dc3e2710\"></div></div>","rightAd":"<div class=\"du-ad-
region row\" id=\"article_page_right_ad\"><div class=\"du-ad-unit col-md-12\"
data-slot-id=\"article_page_right_ad\" data-refreshed=\"false\" \r\n data-
target = \"[{&quot;key&quot;:&quot;cat&quot;,&quot;values&quot;:[&quot;home-
auto-hobbies&quot;,&quot;food-
drink&quot;,&quot;recipes&quot;,&quot;chinese&quot;]},{&quot;key&quot;:&quot;isbn&quot;,&quot;values&quot;:[&quot;9780764552472&quot;]}]\"
id=\"du-
slot-62b36dc3e306e\"></div></div>"},"articleType":{"articleType":"Articles","articleList":null,"content":null,"videoInfo":{"videoId":null,"name":null,"accountId":null,"playerId":null,"thumbnailUrl":null,"description":null,"uploadDate":null}},"sponsorship":{"sponsorshipPage":false,"backgroundImage":{"src":null,"width":0,"height":0},"brandingLine":"","brandingLink":"","brandingLogo":{"src":null,"width":0,"height":0},"sponsorAd":null,"sponsorEbookTitle":null,"sponsorEbookLink":null,"sponsorEbookImage":null},"primaryLearningPath":"Explore","lifeExpectancy":null,"lifeExpectancySetFrom":null,"dummiesForKids":"no","sponsoredContent":"no","adInfo":"","adPairKey":[]},"status":"publish","visibility":"public","articleId":200306},"articleLoadedStatus":"success"},"listState":{"list":{},"objectTitle":"","status":"initial","pageType":null,"objectId":null,"page":1,"sortField":"time","sortOrder":1,"categoriesIds":[],"articleTypes":[],"filterData":{},"filterDataLoadedStatus":"initial","pageSize":10},"adsState":{"pageScripts":{"headers":{"timestamp":"2022-08-03T12:59:06+00:00"},"adsId":0,"data":{"scripts":[{"pages":["all"],"location":"header","script":"<!
--Optimizely Script-->\r\n<script
src=\"https://cdn.optimizely.com/js/10563184655.js\"></script>","enabled":false},{"pages":["all"],"location":"header","script":"<!--
comScore Tag -->\r\n<script>var _comscore = _comscore || [];_comscore.push({
c1: \"2\", c2: \"15097263\" });(function() {var s =
document.createElement(\"script\"), el =
document.getElementsByTagName(\"script\")[0]; s.async = true;s.src =
(document.location.protocol == \"https:\" ? \"https://sb\" : \"http://b\") +
\".scorecardresearch.com/beacon.js\";el.parentNode.insertBefore(s,
el);})();</script><noscript><img
src=\"https://sb.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&c2=15097263&cv=2.0&cj=1\"
/></noscript>\r\n<!-- / comScore Tag
-->","enabled":true},{"pages":["all"],"location":"footer","script":"<!--BEGIN
QUALTRICS WEBSITE FEEDBACK SNIPPET-->\r\n<script
type='text/javascript'>\r\n(function(){var
g=function(e,h,f,g){\r\nthis.get=function(a){for(var
a=a+\"=\",c=document.cookie.split(\";\"),b=0,e=c.length;b<e;b++){for(var
d=c[b];\" \"==d.charAt(0);)d=d.substring(1,d.length);if(0==d.indexOf(a))return
d.substring(a.length,d.length)}return null};\r\nthis.set=function(a,c){var
b=\"\",b=new Date;b.setTime(b.getTime()+6048E5);b=\";
expires=\"+b.toGMTString();document.cookie=a+\"=\"+c+b+\"; path=/;
\"};\r\nthis.check=function(){var a=this.get(f);if(a)a=a.split(\":\");else
if(100!=e)\"v\"==h&&(e=Math.random()>=e/100?0:100),a=[h,e,0],this.set(f,a.join(\":\"));else
return!0;var c=a[1];if(100==c)return!0;switch(a[0]){case \"v\":return!1;case
\"r\":return
c=a[2]%Math.floor(100/c),a[2]++,this.set(f,a.join(\":\")),!c}return!0};\r\nthis.go=function(){if(this.check()){var
a=document.createElement(\"script\");a.type=\"text/javascript\";a.src=g;document.body&&document.body.appendChild(a)}};\r\nthis.start=function(){var
t=this;\"complete\"!==document.readyState?window.addEventListener?window.addEventListener(\"load\",function(){t.go()},!1):window.attachEvent&&window.attachEvent(\"onload\",function(){t.go()}):t.go()};};\r\ntry{(new
g(100,\"r\",\"QSI_S_ZN_5o5yqpvMVjgDOuN\",\"https://zn5o5yqpvmvjgdoun-
wiley.siteintercept.qualtrics.com/SIE/?Q_ZID=ZN_5o5yqpvMVjgDOuN\")).start()}catch(i){}})();\r\n</script><div
id='ZN_5o5yqpvMVjgDOuN'><!--DO NOT REMOVE-CONTENTS PLACED HERE--></div>\r\n<!
--END WEBSITE FEEDBACK
SNIPPET-->","enabled":false},{"pages":["all"],"location":"header","script":"<!--
Hotjar Tracking Code for http://www.dummies.com -->\r\n<script>\r\n
(function(h,o,t,j,a,r){\r\n
h.hj=h.hj||function(){(h.hj.q=h.hj.q||[]).push(arguments)};\r\n
h._hjSettings={hjid:257151,hjsv:6};\r\n
a=o.getElementsByTagName('head')[0];\r\n
r=o.createElement('script');r.async=1;\r\n
r.src=t+h._hjSettings.hjid+j+h._hjSettings.hjsv;\r\n a.appendChild(r);\r\n
})(window,document,'https://static.hotjar.com/c/hotjar-','.js?sv=');\r\n</script>","enabled":false},{"pages":["article"],"location":"header","script":"<!--
//Connect Container: dummies --> <script
src=\"//get.s-onetag.com/bffe21a1-6bb8-4928-9449-7beadb468dae/tag.min.js\"
async
defer></script>","enabled":true},{"pages":["homepage"],"location":"header","script":"<meta
name=\"facebook-domain-verification\"
content=\"irk8y0irxf718trg3uwwuexg6xpva0\"
/>","enabled":true},{"pages":["homepage","article","category","search"],"location":"footer","script":"<!--
Facebook Pixel Code -->\r\n<noscript>\r\n<img height=\"1\" width=\"1\"
src=\"https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=256338321977984&ev=PageView&noscript=1\"/>\r\n</noscript>\r\n<!--
End Facebook Pixel Code
-->","enabled":true}]}},"pageScriptsLoadedStatus":"success"},"navigationState":{"navigationCollections":[{"collectionId":287568,"title":"BYOB
(Be Your Own Boss)","hasSubCategories":false,"url":"/collection/for-the-entry-
level-entrepreneur-287568"},{"collectionId":293237,"title":"Be a Rad
Dad","hasSubCategories":false,"url":"/collection/be-the-best-
dad-293237"},{"collectionId":294090,"title":"Contemplating the
Cosmos","hasSubCategories":false,"url":"/collection/theres-something-about-
space-294090"},{"collectionId":287563,"title":"For Those Seeking Peace of
Mind","hasSubCategories":false,"url":"/collection/for-those-seeking-peace-of-
mind-287563"},{"collectionId":287570,"title":"For the Aspiring
Aficionado","hasSubCategories":false,"url":"/collection/for-the-
bougielicious-287570"},{"collectionId":291903,"title":"For the Budding
Cannabis Enthusiast","hasSubCategories":false,"url":"/collection/for-the-
budding-cannabis-enthusiast-291903"},{"collectionId":291934,"title":"For the
Exam-Season Crammer","hasSubCategories":false,"url":"/collection/for-the-exam-
season-crammer-291934"},{"collectionId":287569,"title":"For the Hopeless
Romantic","hasSubCategories":false,"url":"/collection/for-the-hopeless-
romantic-287569"},{"collectionId":287567,"title":"For the Unabashed
Hippie","hasSubCategories":false,"url":"/collection/for-the-unabashed-
hippie-287567"},{"collectionId":292186,"title":"Just DIY
It","hasSubCategories":false,"url":"/collection/just-diy-
it-292186"}],"navigationCollectionsLoadedStatus":"success","navigationCategories":{"books":{"0":{"data":[{"categoryId":33512,"title":"Technology","hasSubCategories":true,"url":"/category/books/technology-33512"},{"categoryId":33662,"title":"Academics
& The Arts","hasSubCategories":true,"url":"/category/books/academics-the-
arts-33662"},{"categoryId":33809,"title":"Home, Auto, &
Hobbies","hasSubCategories":true,"url":"/category/books/home-auto-
hobbies-33809"},{"categoryId":34038,"title":"Body, Mind, &
Spirit","hasSubCategories":true,"url":"/category/books/body-mind-
spirit-34038"},{"categoryId":34224,"title":"Business, Careers, &
Money","hasSubCategories":true,"url":"/category/books/business-careers-
money-34224"}],"breadcrumbs":[],"categoryTitle":"Level 0
Category","mainCategoryUrl":"/category/books/level-0-category-0"}},"articles":{"0":{"data":[{"categoryId":33512,"title":"Technology","hasSubCategories":true,"url":"/category/articles/technology-33512"},{"categoryId":33662,"title":"Academics
& The Arts","hasSubCategories":true,"url":"/category/articles/academics-the-
arts-33662"},{"categoryId":33809,"title":"Home, Auto, &
Hobbies","hasSubCategories":true,"url":"/category/articles/home-auto-
hobbies-33809"},{"categoryId":34038,"title":"Body, Mind, &
Spirit","hasSubCategories":true,"url":"/category/articles/body-mind-
spirit-34038"},{"categoryId":34224,"title":"Business, Careers, &
Money","hasSubCategories":true,"url":"/category/articles/business-careers-
money-34224"}],"breadcrumbs":[],"categoryTitle":"Level 0
Category","mainCategoryUrl":"/category/articles/level-0-category-0"}}},"navigationCategoriesLoadedStatus":"success"},"searchState":{"searchList":[],"searchStatus":"initial","relatedArticlesList":[],"relatedArticlesStatus":"initial"},"routeState":{"name":"Article4","path":"/article/home-
auto-hobbies/food-drink/recipes/chinese/hunan-style-braised-
fish-200306/","hash":"","query":{},"params":{"category1":"home-auto-
hobbies","category2":"food-
drink","category3":"recipes","category4":"chinese","article":"hunan-style-
braised-fish-200306"},"fullPath":"/article/home-auto-hobbies/food-
drink/recipes/chinese/hunan-style-braised-
fish-200306/","meta":{"routeType":"article","breadcrumbInfo":{"suffix":"Articles","baseRoute":"/category/articles"},"prerenderWithAsyncData":true},"from":{"name":null,"path":"/","hash":"","query":{},"params":{},"fullPath":"/","meta":{}}},"dropsState":{"submitEmailResponse":false,"status":"initial"},"sfmcState":{"status":"initial"},"profileState":{"auth":{},"userOptions":{},"status":"initial"}}

  * Articles 
  * Books 
  * Collections 
  * Custom Solutions 

##  Article Categories

Technology

Academics & The Arts

Home, Auto, & Hobbies

Body, Mind, & Spirit

Business, Careers, & Money

##  Book Categories

Technology

Academics & The Arts

Home, Auto, & Hobbies

Body, Mind, & Spirit

Business, Careers, & Money

##  Collections

Explore all collections

BYOB (Be Your Own Boss)

Be a Rad Dad

Contemplating the Cosmos

For Those Seeking Peace of Mind

For the Aspiring Aficionado

For the Budding Cannabis Enthusiast

For the Exam-Season Crammer

For the Hopeless Romantic

For the Unabashed Hippie

Just DIY It

Log In

  * Home 
  * Home, Auto, & Hobbies Articles 
  * Food & Drink Articles 
  * Recipes Articles 
  * Chinese Recipes Articles 

# Hunan-Style Braised Fish

 **By:** Martin Yan  and

**Updated:** 03-26-2016

**From The Book:** Chinese Cooking For Dummies

  *   *   *   *   * 

#####  Chinese Cooking For Dummies

Explore Book Buy On Amazon

#####

##  Sign up for the **Dummies**

 **Beta Program**  
to try Dummies' newest way to learn.

By checking this box, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy & to
receive electronic communications from Dummies.com, which may include
marketing promotions, news and updates.

Sign Up

CancelOK

Hunan-Style Braised Fish is cooked with a spicy sauce that goes well with rice
or noodles. You can make your own spicy, braised fish in the Hunan style with
this recipe. Freshwater fish are perfect for pairing with zesty sauce. Any
type of firm, moist white fish works in this dish. Choose one with a slightly
fatty texture to provide a counterpoint to the sauceâs piquancy, such as sea
bass, cod, or halibut.

**_Preparation time:_** _15 minutes_

**_Cooking time:_** _10 minutes_

**_Yield:_** _4 servings_

1 pound fish steaks or fillets, about 1-inch thick

1/4 teaspoon salt

1/4 cup chicken broth

2 tablespoons Chinese rice wine

2 teaspoons black bean garlic sauce

1 1/2 teaspoons sugar

1 teaspoon chile garlic sauce

1 teaspoon sesame oil

1/2 teaspoon soy sauce

2 tablespoons cooking oil

1 green onion

1 teaspoon cornstarch

  1. Cut the fish into four pieces.

  2. Pat the fish dry with a paper towel.

  3. Rub the salt all over the fish pieces.

  4. Let stand for 10 minutes.

  5. Combine the chicken broth, rice wine, black bean garlic sauce, sugar, chile garlic sauce, sesame oil, and soy sauce in a bowl.

  6. Place a wok over high heat until hot.

  7. Add the cooking oil, swirling to coat the sides.

  8. Reduce the heat to medium and add the fish; pan-fry until golden brown, about 2 minutes on each side.

  9. Add the sauce and bring to a boil.

  10. Thinly slice the green onion.

  11. Add the green onion to the wok, cover, and braise over low heat for 3 to 5 minutes.

  12. Dissolve the cornstarch in 2 teaspoons water.

  13. Add the cornstarch solution to the wok and cook, stirring, until the sauce boils and thickens.

##  About This Article

###  This article is from the book:

  * Chinese Cooking For Dummies ,

###  About the book author:

Martin Yan hosts the award-winning TV show Yan Can Cook, broadcast on 240 U.S.
stations and in 70 countries internationally. His bestselling cookbooks
include Martin Yan's Feast and Martin Yan's Invitation to Chinese Cooking.

###  This article can be found in the category:

  * Chinese Recipes ,

From the Book  Chinese Cooking For Dummies

  * Chinese Cooking For Dummies Cheat Sheet 
  * How to Shell Shrimp 
  * Chinese Herbs and Spices 
  * Chinese Potstickers 
  * Classic Chinese Sauces and Condiments 
  * View All Articles From Book 

### Quick Links

  * About For Dummies 
  * Contact Us 
  * Activate A Book Pin 

### Connect

  *   *   * 

Opt in to our newsletter!

Submit

By entering your email address and clicking the âSubmitâ button, you agree
to the  Terms of Use  and  Privacy Policy  & to receive electronic
communications from Dummies.com, which may include marketing promotions, news
and updates.

### About Dummies

Dummies has always stood for taking on complex concepts and making them easy
to understand. Dummies helps everyone be more knowledgeable and confident in
applying what they know. Whether it's to pass that big test, qualify for that
big promotion or even master that cooking technique; people who rely on
dummies, rely on it to learn the critical skills and relevant information
necessary for success.

Terms of Use

Privacy Policy

Cookies Settings

Do Not Sell My Personal Info - CA Only

