https://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/hunan-fish-head-in-chile-sauce


Skip to main content

Open Navigation Menu

Menu

Story Saved

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Close Alert

Close

Fish Head in Chile Sauce

  * Recipes & Menus
  * Expert Advice
  * Ingredients
  * Holidays & Events
  * My Saved Recipes

More _Chevron_

Story Saved

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Close Alert

Close

Sign In

Search

Search

  * Recipes & Menus
  * Expert Advice
  * Ingredients
  * Holidays & Events
  * Video
  * My Saved Recipes

# Fish Head in Chile Sauce

By Kei Lum Chan and Diora Fong Chan

April 5, 2022

Save Story

save recipe

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Photo by Joseph De Leo, Prop Styling by Anne Eastman, Food Styling by Lillian
Chou

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

This spicy Hunan steamed fish recipe can be made with either carp or salmon.

## Ingredients

1 (1 lb. ¾ oz. or 750 g) bighead carp, grass carp, or salmon head, halved

2 Tbsp. white vinegar

2 Tbsp. ginger juice

½ tsp. salt, plus extra to taste

2 Tbsp. cornstarch

½ head garlic, cloves separated and chopped

2 oz. (50 g) ginger (about 3-inch piece), grated

2 scallions, chopped

20 pickled red chiles, chopped

1 red chile, chopped

3 Tbsp. vegetable oil

Steamed rice, to serve

### Step 1

Place the fish head in a large bowl, add the vinegar, ginger juice, and 4½
cups water, and wash to remove any lingering blood or fish scent. Rinse
thoroughly and drain. Rub the fish head with the salt and lightly dredge with
the cornstarch. Place the fish head on a large heatproof plate, skin facing
up.

### Step 2

Mix the garlic, ginger, scallions, both chiles, and 1 Tbsp. oil in a bowl and
sprinkle over the dish. Place the dish in a collapsible pot or bamboo steamer
over a pot of boiling water. Steam, covered, for 12 minutes, or until the fish
is cooked through.

### Step 3

Heat the remaining 2 Tbsp. oil in a small saucepan and drizzle over the fish
head. Season with extra salt and serve with rice.

Excerpted from _China: The Cookbook_ © 2016 by Kei Lum Chan, et al. Reproduced
by permission of Phaidon. All rights reserved. Buy the full book from Phaidon
or Amazon.

How would you rate Fish Head in Chile Sauce?

Leave a Review

Tell us what you think

TagsFishChineseChinaChile PepperSteam

Read More

Chocolate Chip Cookies

This classic chocolate chip cookie recipe produces tender cookies with crisp,
golden edges and tons of buttery, chocolaty flavor.

By Carla Rollins

Maduros (Sweet Plantains)

Depending on their level of ripeness, plantains can be savory or sweet--for
this sweet plantains recipe, look for mostly black ones.

By Kwame Onwuachi

Puff Puff

As the name suggests, West Africa’s most popular form of fried dough is
essentially a delectable fried pillow of airy dough.

By Kwame Onwuachi

Lemon Bars

Golden sweet-tart lemon bars are like squares of sunshine. And they’re quick
to make.

By The Gourmet Test Kitchen

Homemade Wine Vinegar

This homemade vinegar recipe works with any type of wine--red, white, rosé, or
a mix if you find yourself with open bottles after a party.

By Kirsten K. Shockey

Fluffy Chiffon Cake

You can think of the chiffon cake as angel food cake’s even fluffier cousin.

By Elizabeth Prueitt

Easy Pasta Salad

This easy pasta salad recipe will be the hit of your next potluck.

By Kelly Janke

Chocolate Swiss Roll

If you’ve made a rolled cake before and had anxiety because the recipe
requires you to perform cake calisthenics, this chocolate Swiss roll recipe is
for you.

By Shilpa Uskokovic

Since 1995, Epicurious has been the ultimate food resource for the home cook,
with daily kitchen tips, fun cooking videos, and, oh yeah, over 33,000
recipes.

  * Facebook

  * Twitter

  * Pinterest

  * YouTube

  * Instagram

More from Epicurious

  * Newsletters
  * Epicurious Cookware
  * Subscription FAQs

Connect

  * Careers
  * Press Center
  * Advertising
  * Masthead
  * Contact Us

  * Site Map
  * Accessibility Help
  * Condé Nast Store
  * Condé Nast Spotlight
  * Do Not Sell My Personal Info

© 2022 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes
acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement and
Your California Privacy Rights. _Epicurious_ may earn a portion of sales from
products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate
Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced,
distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior
written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

Food Innovation Group

