https://www.marthastewart.com/332890/smoked-fish


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Martha Stewart Martha Stewart

  * FOOD
  * HOLIDAYS
  * ENTERTAINING
  * HOME
  * GARDENING
  * CLEANING & ORGANIZING
  * WEDDINGS
  * SHOP
  * DIY
  * BEAUTY & WELLNESS
  * LIFE
  * NEWS
  * MARTHA'S BLOG
  * About Us

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Martha's Blog

Your Account

Your Account

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Email Preferences
  * Newsletter
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us
  * Your Content
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Enter to Win $10,000 to Makeover Your Home!
  * Martha's Blog
  * Weddings

Login

Pin

Close this dialog window

## Explore Martha Stewart

Martha Stewart Martha Stewart

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * 7 Things to Do in the Morning to Be Healthier and More Productive

####  7 Things to Do in the Morning to Be Healthier and More Productive

Kick-start your day by making habits out of these mood-boosting tips.  Read
More

    * Should You Refrigerate Bananas?

####  Should You Refrigerate Bananas?

It's one of your favorite fruits, but does it belong on the counter or in the
refrigerator?  Read More

    * This 3-Ingredient Homemade Weed Killer Uses Vinegar to Safely Remove Pesky Growths from Your Garden

####  This 3-Ingredient Homemade Weed Killer Uses Vinegar to Safely Remove
Pesky Growths from Your Garden

A few easy-to-find ingredients are all you need to create a powerful formula
that squashes weeds.  Read More

  * FOOD

### FOOD

See All FOOD

Our 20 Most Popular Recipes for Summer

####  Our 20 Most Popular Recipes for Summer

    * Breakfast & Brunch Recipes
    * Lunch Recipes
    * Dinner Recipes
    * Appetizers & Snacks
    * Dessert Recipes
    * Drink Recipes
    * Salad Recipes
    * Side Dishes
    * Soup Recipes
    * Healthy Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes
    * Cooking How-Tos
    * Baking
    * Menu Planning
    * Food News & Trends
    * Wine
    * Mastering the Holiday Meal
    * What's for Dinner
    * All Recipes

  * HOLIDAYS

### HOLIDAYS

See All HOLIDAYS

The Most Patriotic Flowers for the Fourth of July, According to Symbolism

####  The Most Patriotic Flowers for the Fourth of July, According to
Symbolism

Show your love of country by displaying these varieties on America's birthday.

    * Father's Day
    * Fourth of July
    * Halloween
    * Thanksgiving
    * Hanukkah
    * Christmas
    * New Year's Eve
    * Valentine's Day
    * St. Patricks Day
    * Passover
    * Easter
    * Mother's Day

  * ENTERTAINING

### ENTERTAINING

See All ENTERTAINING

How to Start Entertaining Friends and Family More Regularly

####  How to Start Entertaining Friends and Family More Regularly

Make gathering with loved ones a priority.

    * Seasonal Entertaining & Decorating
    * Baby Shower Ideas
    * Dinner Party Ideas
    * You're Invited

  * HOME

### HOME

See All HOME

We're Putting Up Walls Again—Is the Open Floor Plan on Its Way Out?

####  We're Putting Up Walls Again—Is the Open Floor Plan on Its Way Out?

We asked the experts to weigh in on this popular home design concept.

    * Home Design & Decor
    * Paint Colors & Palettes
    * DIY Home Projects
    * The Well-Kept Home

  * GARDENING

### GARDENING

See All GARDENING

A Month-by-Month Hydrangea Care Guide

####  A Month-by-Month Hydrangea Care Guide

Confused about when to do what to your favorite flowering shrubs? We have you
covered.

    * Container Gardening
    * Flower Gardens
    * Houseplants
    * Landscaping
    * Vegetable Gardens

  * CLEANING & ORGANIZING

### CLEANING & ORGANIZING

How to Wash Pillows

####  How to Wash Pillows

They're an essential element of a comfortable bed, so keep yours fresh and in
their best shape ever with these expert-approved tips.

    * Cleaning
    * Storage & Organization
    * Laundry & Linens

  * WEDDINGS

### WEDDINGS

See All WEDDINGS

Who Pays for What for the Wedding?

####  Who Pays for What for the Wedding?

Get the traditional rules for who pays for the wedding details.

    * Real Weddings
    * Wedding Party
    * Wedding Planning & Advice
    * Wedding Ceremony & Reception
    * Wedding Jewelry
    * Dresses & Style
    * Wedding Beauty & Wellness
    * Wedding Registry
    * Wedding Showers & Parties
    * Love & Marriage
    * Wedding Travel

  * SHOP
  * DIY

### DIY

See All DIY

How to Melt and Reuse the Leftover Wax from Candles

####  How to Melt and Reuse the Leftover Wax from Candles

Our easy melt-and-pour method saves the last bit of this home essential.

    * Dyeing
    * Holiday Crafts
    * Kids' Crafts
    * Knitting
    * Paper Crafts
    * Sewing
    * Rescue & Revamp

  * BEAUTY & WELLNESS

### BEAUTY & WELLNESS

Can Rice Water Really Encourage Hair Growth?

####  Can Rice Water Really Encourage Hair Growth?

This buzzy ingredient is a star player in many new-age hair care products.

    * Beauty
    * Health & Wellness
    * Live Well

  * LIFE

### LIFE

See All LIFE

    * Family
    * Pets
    * Travel
    * Net Worth

  * NEWS
  * MARTHA'S BLOG
  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Martha's Blog

Your Account

Your Account

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Email Preferences
  * Newsletter
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us
  * Your Content
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Enter to Win $10,000 to Makeover Your Home!
  * Martha's Blog
  * Weddings

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. marthastewart.com
  2. Food & Cooking
  3. Recipes
  4. Breakfast & Brunch Recipes
  5. How to Smoke Fish

# How to Smoke Fish

Rating: 3.62 stars

29 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 8 
  * 4 star values: 11 
  * 3 star values: 3 
  * 2 star values: 5 
  * 1 star values: 2 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review

  * 29 Ratings 

Where there's smoke, there's flavor. Smoking fish at home may sound
intimidating, but it's no more complicated than grilling. Just add aromatic
wood to a charcoal grill and let the fragrant, flavorful smoke do its work.

Martha Stewart Living, July 2010

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

How to Smoke Fish

Credit: Matthew Hranek

## Recipe Summary

prep:

15 mins

total:

2 hrs 30 mins

Servings:

8

Advertisement

## Ingredients

For the Brine

  * 2 cups water 
  * 1 cup muscovado sugar or packed dark-brown sugar 
  * Coarse salt 

For Trout Fillets

  * 2 skin-on trout fillets (8 ounces each), boned 

For Whole Trout

  * 1 whole trout (1 1/4 pounds), backbone and pin bones removed 

For Side of Arctic Char

  * 1 side skin-on arctic char (1 1/4 pounds) 

For Smoking

  * Wood trimmings or apple wood chips (1 cup for trout fillets or 2 cups for whole trout or char) 
  * Vegetable oil, for grill basket 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Make the brine: Combine water, sugar, and 1/2 cup salt. Place fish in a
nonreactive dish; cover with brine. Refrigerate for 2 hours.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Heat charcoal grill to medium, piling coals on 1 side to set up direct and
indirect heat zones. Set a drip pan under the grill grate in the indirect heat
zone.

  * Step 3

Soak wood trimmings in water for 30 minutes. Drain (if smoking whole trout or
char, leave 1/2 cup wood in water); add to coals.

  * Step 4

Smoke the fish: Once smoke develops, place fish in a lightly oiled grill
basket. Transfer to grill rack, and set over drip pan. Open lid vent, and
position over fish. (This will direct smoke to impart maximum smokiness.)  
  
**For the trout fillets:** Smoke fish until cooked through but not dry, 12 to
15 minutes.  
  
 **For the whole trout:** Smoke for 10 minutes. Flip basket. Drain remaining
1/2 cup wood; add to coals. Smoke fish until cooked through but not dry, 8 to
10 minutes more.  
  
 **For the side of arctic char:** Smoke for 10 minutes. Drain remaining 1/2
cup wood; add to coals. Smoke fish until cooked through but not dry, 13 to 15
minutes more.

##  Cook's Notes

Fish can be brined overnight for a deeper flavor. Pickled onions, tomatoes,
capers, sour cream, and cream cheese all pair beautifully with smoked fish.

Advertisement

##  Reviews

Add Rating & Review

29 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 8 
  * 4 star values: 11 
  * 3 star values: 3 
  * 2 star values: 5 
  * 1 star values: 2 

Back to How to Smoke Fish

##  All Reviews for How to Smoke Fish

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Back to Recipe

##  Review this recipe

How to Smoke Fish

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Submit

Success!Thanks for adding your feedback.

Martha Stewart

##

## Learn More

  * Contact Us
  * Customer Service
  * Media Kit
  * Martha's Blog
  * Advertise
  * Content Licensing
  * FAQ
  * Corporate
  * International
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithMartha Stewart is part of the Meredith Home Group. © Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policythis link opens in a
new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens
in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis link opens a modal window Web
Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Martha Stewart. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.marthastewart.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

How to Smoke Fish

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

