https://www.engelfires.co.nz/recipes/smoked-fish-recipe


Cart 0

Home  About Our Fires Tips & Tricks Contact

Back About Us  Our People

Back The Engel Fire  Specifications & Pricing  Accessories  Gallery
Testimonials  F.A.Q

Back Cooking on the Engel Fire  BBQ Tips  Wood Smoking Tips  Recipes

Cart 0

Home About About Us Our People Our Fires The Engel Fire Specifications &
Pricing Accessories Gallery Testimonials F.A.Q Tips & Tricks Cooking on the
Engel Fire BBQ Tips Wood Smoking Tips Recipes Contact

# Delicious smoked fish recipe from an experienced fisherman

It’s called The Bay of Plenty for a reason! This stretch of coastline in New
Zealand has some of the world’s most abundant fishing, along with some of it’s
most spectacular marine life.

Every year the The Tauranga Sport Fishing Club hosts a competition which draws
anglers from around the globe, hoping to catch some snapper, marlin, or
yellowfin tuna. Local fishermen stay closer to the shore, bringing home
kingfish, tarakihi or kahawai for the local restaurants or the family
barbecue.

The Bay even has its own fishing seasons, with the colder water of autumn and
winter suitable for deep sea fish such as hapuku (groper) and warehou. As the
ocean currents start to warm up, snapper, kingfish and marlin become a more
common catch.

Of course, catching a fish is only the first part - you still have to cook it!
And there’s no better way than smoking a nice fillet on the barbecue. This
slow-cooked method allows the meat to keep its moisture, while at the same
time adding the unmistakable flavour smoking brings. It may take longer than
simply throwing it on the grill, but trust us, once that succulent, tasty meat
falls off the bone you’ll understand why it’s worth the wait.

The following recipe was kindly given to us by our good friend James Allan,
who’s an avid fisherman in the area, and we reckon he has the best smoked fish
for miles. Enjoy!

* * *

## Ingredients

Per average size fish (1.5 kg)

50g salt

20g Herbs of choice (I like to use Rosemary)

50g Brown Sugar

50g Honey

Sprinkle of cracked Pepper

Sprinkle of Paprika

## Method

This can be used for fillets, split whole fish leaving the bone in, or wings
and frames from large fish.

Place fish on a wire rack with a drip tray underneath, spread the salt and
half the herbs evenly over the fish. Leave in the refrigerator for 2 hours.

To have the Engel Fire ready for smoking, build a fire and let it die down to
get a bed of hot embers.

Rinse the excess salt mix off and pat dry with a paper towel. Lightly smear
the honey over the fish, then sprinkle the remaining ingredients evenly.

Place the fish on the wire rack on the grill and put the grill up to maximum
height. The wood chips need to be damp to ensure only smoke, no flame. Place
about 2 cups of the wood chips on the embers. Close the flue butterfly and
doors. Check very 20 mins and add more chips as required.

This can take up to 4 hours depending on the thickness of the fish. Pull the
meat apart slightly in the thickest part to see how cooked the fish is. Once
the centre is just turning white remove from the smoker. Smoke any longer and
it will start to become dry when it is cold.





* * *

This recipe was specially made with the Engel Fire cooker in mind.

This remarkable machine is unique to New Zealand, it’s hand-crafted, and comes
with a lifetime guarantee. If you would like to know more please contact us
today, and let's get the ball rolling on your very own Engel Fire.

Enquire now

RecipesJude Engel15 October 2018

Facebook0 0 Likes

Previous

#### Sticky smoked pork ribs with Mike's house rub

RecipesJude Engel9 August 2019

Next

#### Spiced Rotisserie Chicken w Charcoal Kumara & Citrus Slaw (serves 4)

RecipesJude Engel19 September 2018

### Email: info@engelfires.co.nz  
Phone: 07 307 0388  
Mobile: 021 107 2100

Whakatane, Bay of Plenty, New Zealand

07 307 0388 info@engelfires.co.nz

Hours

Copyright Engel Fires 2018.

