https://recipes.oregonlive.com/recipes/quick-smoked-fish


OregonLive.com

__Back to Recipe Box Home

## Quick-Smoked Fish

##### Recipe Box from The Oregonian OregonLive

Photo: Motoya Nakamura

__

__Filter

Cuisine African American Asian British Cajun/Creole Caribbean Chinese Eastern
European French German Greek Indian Irish Italian Japanese Korean
Mediterranean Mexican/Tex-Mex Middle Eastern Portuguese Scandinavian South
American Southern/Soul Spanish Thai Vietnamese

Diet Gluten-free Low calorie Low carb Low fat Low salt Vegan Vegetarian

Dish Appetizers Beverages (alcoholic) Beverages (non-alcoholic) Breads, quick
breads, muffins Cakes, frostings Cookies Cookies, brownies, candies Desserts
Eggs and breakfast dishes Main dishes (meat) Main dishes (poultry) Main dishes
(seafood) Main dishes (vegan) Main dishes (vegetarian) Pasta, risottos Pies,
pastries, tarts Pizza Preserves, jams, chutneys Salads, salad dressings
Sandwiches, wraps Sauces, fillings, marinades Side dishes (grains/potatoes)
Side dishes (vegetables) Snacks Soups, stews, chowders

Ingredient Beef Cheese/dairy Chicken Chocolate Duck Eggs Fish Fruits Grains
Lamb Meat substitutes Pasta Pork Potatoes Shellfish Turkey Vegetables/beans
Wild game

Apply Filters  __Clear Filters

## Quick-Smoked Fish

Published Jul 26, 2011

  * __Print

  * ###### __

###### __

###### __

###### __

  * Like this recipe? Let us know!

  * Makes 4 to 6 servings

Description

This simple technique for a kettle-style charcoal grill produces moist fish
with a hint of smokiness that's a lovely change from the ordinary grilled
salmon. Cedar or alder wood chips are ideal, but hickory is fine for this
10-minute smoke. Note that you could use a gas grill outfitted with a smoker
box or foil packet for the wood chips (they should rest on top of the heat
deflector that covers the flames), but a charcoal grill gives superior
results. Use whichever rub recipe suits your mood.

Ingredients

Dill-lemon rub

  * 2 tablespoons lightly packed chopped fresh dill

  * 1 teaspoon freshly grated lemon zest

  * 1/2 teaspoon coarsely ground black pepper

  * A squeeze of fresh lemon juice for serving

Mild spice rub

  * 2 teaspoons smoked paprika (pimenton de la Vera)

  * 1 teaspoon dry mustard

  * 1/2 teaspoon ground coriander

  * Plain Greek-style yogurt or sour cream for serving

Ginger-sugar rub

  * 2 tablespoons firmly packed light brown sugar

  * 1 1/2 teaspoons coarsely ground sea salt

  * 1 teaspoon ground ginger

  * 1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper

  * Wasabi mayonnaise or soy sauce for serving

Smoked fish

  * 1 salmon fillet, skin on (1 1/2 to 2 pounds)

  * 1 recipe rub (see preceding choices)

  * 1 cup wood chips, such as cedar, alder or hickory, soaked in water for at least 30 minutes (see editor's note)

Instructions

**To make rub:** Stir together all rub ingredients except the lemon juice or
yogurt/sour cream or mayonnaise/soy sauce.

**To make smoked fish:** Prepare a charcoal grill for a medium heat (275 to
300 degrees, or so you can hold your outstretched palm 6 inches over the grate
for 6 to 8 seconds). Bank the coals onto one side. Scrape the grate well and
oil it lightly.

Sprinkle the rub evenly over the flesh side of the fish. When the grill is
ready, drain the wood chips well and place directly on top of the coals (or in
smoker box/packet).

Put the fish skin side down on the side of the grate away from the coals.
Close the grill cover leaving the vents partway open and watch for smoke to
appear. Smoke the fish for 10 minutes.

Open the grill, slip a spatula underneath the skin and slide the fish over so
that it sits directly over the heat source. Replace the cover and grill until
the center is opaque and the fish is firm but yielding to the touch, 5 to 6
minutes more, depending on thickness.

**Editor 's note:** Although Lynne Sampson Curry prefers not to soak the wood
chips for such a short cooking time, in FOODday's tests we found that soaking
the chips kept them from burning out too quickly and gave the fish a smokier
flavor that we liked.

PER SERVING (based on 6): calories: 253 (45% from fat); protein: 31.1 grams;
total fat: 12.5 grams; saturated fat: 2.2 grams; cholesterol: 98.7 mg; sodium:
668 mg; carbohydrate: 1.8 grams; dietary fiber: 0.2 gram

Categories:

Main dishes (seafood)

Fish

## Fish Recipes

Broiled Sesame Salmon Bibimbap

1 hour 30 minutes | Complex

Spaghetti With Tuna, Lemon and Olives

Baked Salmon Amaranth Cakes with Smoked Paprika...

View More Recipes

OregonLive Recipe Box designed & built by

Planet Argon

About Recipe Box

