https://www.foodandwine.com/seafood/smoked-fish


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Recipes & Cooking
  * Drinks
  * Travel
  * Holidays + Events
  * News
  * F&W; Classic
  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Subscribe  Subscribe

Close this dialog window

## Explore Food & Wine

Food & Wine Food & Wine

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * F&W Cooks

####  F&W; Cooks

Food and Wine presents a new network of food pros delivering the most cookable
recipes and delicious ideas online.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

####  Our 22 Best Crock Pot and Slow-Cooker Recipes

Looking to amp up your beef stew but unsure where to start? A slow cooker can
can take your comfort food to the next level.  Read More

    * 50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

####  50 Affordable Wines You Can Always Trust

We’ve assembled a list of 50 of the world’s most reliable, inexpensive wines –
bottles that offer amazing quality for their price year in and year out.  Read
More

  * Recipes & Cooking

### Recipes & Cooking

See All Recipes & Cooking

    * Chicken
    * Comfort Food
    * Breakfast + Brunch
    * Salads
    * Desserts
    * Vegetables
    * Pasta + Noodles
    * Chefs
    * Meat + Poultry
    * Soup
    * Appetizers
    * Side Dishes
    * Fruits
    * Seafood
    * Special Diets
    * Cooking Techniques
    * Steal This Trick

  * Drinks

### Drinks

See All Drinks

    * Wine
    * Spirits
    * Coffee
    * Juices
    * Beer
    * Champagne + Sparkling Wine
    * Tea

  * Travel

### Travel

See All Travel

    * Wine Regions
    * Restaurants

  * Holidays + Events

### Holidays + Events

See All Holidays + Events

    * Valentine's Day
    * Halloween
    * Passover
    * Hanukkah
    * Christmas
    * Gifts
    * Super Bowl
    * Easter
    * Thanksgiving
    * New Year's Eve
    * Holiday Entertaining

  * News
  * F&W; Classic

### F&W; Classic

See All F&W; Classic

    * F&W; Classic Insider
    * Food & Wine Classic in Aspen

  * Video
  * Lifestyle
  * F&W; Pro
  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Subscribe  this link opens in a new tab

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Your Profile

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * F&W Classic Insiders this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Wine Club
  * Podcast
  * Food & Wine Books this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Ingredients
  3. Seafood
  4. Smoked Fish
  5. Smoked Fish

Share

# Smoked Fish

Many people are familiar with one of the most famous smoked fish: Nova lox.
Not to be confused with just lox, Nova lox is first brined and then cold-
smoked (whereas lox is just brined). And while it seems like salmon always
garners a lot of attention in the smoked foods world, other smoked fish are
popular as well. Smoked mackerel, whitefish, trout and herring are popular
ingredients in countries around the world, like Scandinavia, Russia or
Iceland. If you're craving smoked fish, F&W;'s guide will give you plenty of
ways to incorporate it into your next meal.

  * Lox 

## Most Recent

"Up North" Smoked Fish Board

Smoked Fish Brunch Board

Each summer, we escape the Texas heat to visit my parents in Minnesota. Most
of that time is spent at their place “up north” on the shores of Leech Lake.
The massive body of cold water is a mecca for walleye fisherman, but for me,
it’s all about the cool nights and loon watching. In the evenings, we set out
in my dad’s boat across the smooth, dark water in search of a quiet bay and,
if we’re lucky, Minnesota’s state bird. The black-and-white-speckled birds
descend from the sky, cast a wary red eye as they drift past, and—quicker than
a sneeze—slip under water in search of prey. Loons have various calls,
including an alarming tremolo that sounds like maniacal laughter, short hoots,
and a wild yodel meant to guard their territory. The Holy Grail, however, is a
long, hauntingly beautiful wail that drifts across the evening like a
prayer.In addition to hoodie weather, rousing cornhole tournaments, and time
with my family, my other favorite lake tradition is lazy, smoked-fish
brunches. In addition to Bloody Marys (lavishly garnished with pickled
vegetables and a beef stick) and craft beers from Duluth, the star of the
spread is smoked fish. Because I’m fussy about ingredients and the cooking
process (fresh fish and a light hand with the smoke) I much prefer to smoke it
at home. The fish couldn’t be easier to prepare: It’s brushed with olive oil
and lightly seasoned with salt, pepper, and a pinch of heat. You don’t want to
mask the fish’s delicate flavor with a carpet of spice rub here. I top the
fish with sprigs of fresh dill or thyme and then smoke it over indirect heat
for about 20 minutes. The ambient heat of the covered grill causes the herb
sprigs to meld to the fish and perfume it with a lovely flavor.When it comes
to rounding out the board, you can be as simple or lavish as you wish. Lemon
wedges, caperberries, cornichons, chopped red onion, sturdy seeded crackers,
and sour cream flavored with a spoonful or two of prepared horseradish are
essential in my book. Chopped hard-cooked eggs, radishes, cheeses (creamy and
aged), and a crunchy cucumber salad (splashed with cider vinegar and olive
oil) are other welcome additions. Ideally, the meal will stretch well into the
afternoon, until the light begins to fade and the time is right for more loon
song.

Read More

Red Pepper Blini with Creamed Corn and Smoked Salmon

Red Pepper Blini with Creamed Corn and Smoked Salmon

In his riff on blini and caviar, chef Jonathan Waxman of NYC’s Jams serves
tender red pepper pancakes with a sweet corn sauce, decadent smoked salmon and
caviar. **Slideshow:** More Salmon Recipes

Read More

Trout Skin Crisps

Trout Skin Crisps

These smoky crisps are an ideal happy hour snack. **Slideshow:** More Bar
Snack Recipes

Read More

Salmon Rillettes

Salmon Rillettes

Rating: Unrated 2880

While training at the Los Angeles Culinary Institute, Anna Zepaltas learned
that French cooking doesn't have to be intimidating or fussy. "Making
rillettes is a way of showing my girlfriends that it's really not hard," she
says. For her rillettes, inspired by a similar dish at Thomas Keller's Bouchon
bistro in the Napa town of Yountville, Zepaltas blends fresh salmon and butter
with hot-smoked salmon to give the rich spread extra-rich flavor. You can pour
melted butter over the top--as Keller does--to seal in freshness.
**Slideshow:** Recipes from Thomas Keller

Read More

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

Food & Wine

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Books from Food & Wine
  * Contact Us
  * Advertise
  * Content Licensing
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithFood & Wine is part of the Meredith Corporation Allrecipes Food Group.
(C) Copyright 2022 Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Privacy
Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in a new
tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis link
opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright Food & Wine. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.foodandwine.com

Close

## Sign in

##

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

