https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/sweet-sour-fish/659d4abd-8143-41d4-bc4b-4d12d2caba19


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Sweet and sour fish

  * _20m_ prep
  * _16m_ cook
  * _4_ servings 

3

Save Recipe

149 people saved this

10 people made this

Pack more veggies into kids meals with this fast and fabulous sweet and sour
fish.

K

Kim Meredith

177 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain fish and soybean.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 14 Ingredients 
  * 4 Method Steps 

#### 14 Ingredients

  * 500g firm white fish fillets, cut into 2.5cm pieces 

  * Olive oil cooking spray 

  * 1 tbsp cornflour 

  * 1 tbsp salt-reduced soy sauce 

  * 2 tbsp cider vinegar 

  * 200g fresh pineapple, roughly chopped 

  * 1 tbsp pineapple juice 

  * 2 tbsp salt-reduced tomato sauce 

  * 1/2 small red onion, cut into thin wedges 

  * 1/2 red capsicum, cut into 2cm pieces 

  * 1/2 green capsicum, cut into 2cm pieces 

  * 1 medium carrot, cut into matchsticks 

  * 120g sugar snap peas, trimmed 

  * Steamed brown rice, to serve 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 4 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Season fish lightly with salt and pepper. Toss lightly to coat. Spray lightly
with oil.

  * Step 2

Heat a non-stick frying pan over medium-high heat. Cook fish, in batches, for
1 minute on each side or until golden and cooked through. Wipe pan clean.

  * Step 3

Blend cornflour with 1 tablespoon cold water in a bowl until smooth. Add soy
sauce, vinegar, pineapple, juice and tomato sauce. Stir well.

  * Step 4

Spray oil in pan over medium-high heat. Add onion, capsicum and carrot. Cook,
stirring, for 5 minutes or until vegetables are almost tender. Add pineapple
mixture. Stir to combine. Bring to the boil. Reduce heat to low. Add peas.
Simmer for 3 minutes. Add fish to sauce mixture. Simmer for 1 minute or until
heated through. Serve on steamed brown rice.

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

10 people made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

149 people saved this

### Recipe Notes

Variations:

Use salmon or ocean trout fillets for their high counts of omega-3.

If your kids aren't fond of fish, use diced chicken breast or pork fillets
instead.

Serve the sweet and sour fish with soba noodles, which are made out of
buckwheat and a healthier alternative to egg noodles or pasta.

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by Andrew Young

##  Popular on Taste

  1. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

  2. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

  3. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  4. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  5. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

  6. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  7. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

  8. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

