https://recipes.timesofindia.com/recipes/sweet-and-sour-fish/rs58715868.cms


+

Ã—

Thanks For Rating

 __

Reminder Successfully Set!

Comments (0)

Sort: NewestUpVotedOldestDiscussedDown Voted

closecomments

Your Rating:

12345

(Tap and add)

  * Nice recipe
  * Will try out
  * Worth trying
  * Wonderful recipe
  * That's yummy
  * Looks delicious
  * I enjoyed this recipe
  * Helpful recipe

Submit

Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory,
and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred
against any community. **Help us delete comments** that do not follow these
guidelines **by marking them offensive**. Let's work together to keep the
conversation civil.

Add to collections

Sweet and Sour Fish

Add

Save

Sweet and Sour Fish

Your Rating

12345

Good0

Your Rating has been successfully submitted.

Write a review (Optional)

(Tap and add)

  * Nice recipe
  * Will try out
  * Worth trying
  * Wonderful recipe
  * That's yummy
  * Looks delicious
  * I enjoyed this recipe
  * Helpful recipe

SubmitSubmit

Characters Remaining: 3000

  
  
  
Your Rating has been successfully submitted.

Times Food

  * Open App 

  * Hello! __

    * My Profile
    * My Times
    * Help
    * Log Out

  * Log In __

  * Home
  * Recipes _+_

    * Paneer Recipes
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Biryani Recipes
    * Potato Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * Mutton Recipes
    * Rice Recipes
    * Street Food
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Tandoor Recipes
    * Microwave Recipes
    * One-Pot Meals 
    * Comfort Food
    * Sunday Brunch
    * High Tea
    * Weekend Breakfasts
    * Beverages

  *  _New_ Rakhi
  * Health _+_

    * Diabetic
    * Low-Carb
    * Vegan
    * Keto
    * Gluten Free
    * Low Cholesterol
    * High Fibre 
    * Low Calorie
    * Dairy Free
    * High Protein

  * Cuisines _+_

    * Greek
    * Mexican
    * North Indian
    * Continental
    * Mughlai
    * Chinese
    * Punjabi
    * South Indian
    * Italian
    * Rajasthani
    * Jain
    * Bengali
    * Gujarati
    * American
    * Goan
    * Mediterranean
    * French
    * Satvik
    * Asian
    * Kashmiri
    * Maharashtrian
    * Fusion
    * East Indian
    * West India
    * Thai

  * Desserts _+_

    * No Bake Desserts
    * Cookies
    * Cakes
    * Birthday Cakes
    * North Indian Desserts
    * South Indian Desserts
    * Punjabi Desserts
    * Goan Desserts
    * Gujarati Desserts
    * Rajasthani Desserts
    * Bengali Desserts

  * Diet Plans _+_

    * Low Carb
    * Gluten Free
    * Keto Recipes

  * Courses _+_

    * Soups
    * Snacks
    * Salads
    * Appetizers
    * Finger Food
    * Veg Snacks
    * Breakfast
    * Lunch
    * Veg Dinners 
    * Dinners
    * Biryani
    * Paratha
    * Kebab
    * Sandwiches
    * Desserts
    * Party Snacks
    * Dips
    * Kids

  * Features _+_

    * Food News
    * Kitchen Hacks
    * Health
    * Food Facts
    * Food Trips
    * Trending

  *  __Recipe Videos
  * Boardroom Kitchen

 __

Search

Advanced Search

ADD A RECIPE

Add a Recipe

 __

 _Add Food_ Add Food Recipe _Add Drink_ Add Beverage Recipe

__

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Wondering what to cook today? Sign up to get daily ideas on meals

Wondering what to cook today? Subscribe to get daily ideas on meals

Daily Newsletter

Editor's pick on the best recipes, articles and videos.

Weekly Newsletter

You have been successfully subscribed to the Food Newsletter

SUBSCRIBE

You can always unsubscribe later

By subscribing to newsletter, you acknowledge our privacy policy

 __

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Wondering what to cook today? Sign up to get daily ideas on meals

Wondering what to cook today? Subscribe to get daily ideas on meals

Daily Newsletter

Editor's pick on the best recipes, articles and videos.

Weekly Newsletter

We are sad to see you go!

You have been successfully unsubscribed from the Food Newsletter

SUBSCRIBE

Click here

to Unsubscribe

By subscribing to newsletter, you acknowledge our privacy policy

FoodBeverages __

  * Type __
  * Cuisines __
  * Courses& Meals __
  * Cooking Skills __
  * Cooking Time __
  * Cooking Method __
  * Dietary Restrictions __

  * Veg
  * Non veg 
  * Eggetarian 
  * Vegan 

Include

Exclude

  * North Indian 
  * South Indian 
  * Chinese 
  * Asian 
  * Italian 
  * Mughlai 
  * American 
  * Punjabi 
  * Mediterranean 
  * Mexican 
  * Gujarati 
  * Fusion 
  * Thai 
  * Sattvik 
  * Maharashtrian 
  * Rajasthani 
  * Malabar Cuisine 
  * Bengali 
  * Bihari 
  * Konkani 
  * Goan 
  * Kashmiri 
  * Vietnamese 
  * Middle Eastern 
  * Parsi 
  * French 
  * Australian 

  * Low Cal 
  * Gluten Free 
  * Diabetic 
  * Low Carb 
  * Low Cholestrol 
  * Weight loss 
  * Balanced Diet 
  * Zero Oil 
  * Low Sodium 
  * High Fiber 
  * Pregnancy 
  * Nursing 
  * High Protein 
  * Dairy Free 
  * Tree Nut Free 

  * Soups & Stews 
  * Appetizers 
  * Salads 
  * Dip 
  * Side Dishes 
  * Mains 
  * Dessert 
  * Cake 
  * Breakfast 
  * Brunch 
  * Lunch 
  * Tiffin 
  * Snacks 
  * High tea 
  * Sandwiches & Wraps 
  * Chaat 
  * Dinner 
  * Kids 

  * Baked 
  * Boiled 
  * BBQ 
  * Grilled 
  * Microwaved 
  * Tandoor 
  * No Cook 
  * Pan Fried 
  * Stir Fry 
  * Roasted 
  * Slow Cooked 
  * Deep Fried 
  * Steamed 
  * Smoked 
  * Sauteed 
  * Simmered 

  * Easy 
  * Intermediate 
  * Expert 

  * Within 30 min 
  * Within 1 hr 
  * Within 1.5 hr 
  * Within 2 hr 

  * Cocktail 
  * Non Alcoholic 

  * Base   
Alcohol

  * Category
  * By flavor   
profile

  * By flavor   
profile

  * Bitter 
  * Creamy 
  * Fruity 
  * Salty 
  * Sour 
  * Spicy 
  * Sweet 

**Liquors**

  * Beer 
  * Black Rum 
  * Brandy 
  * Bourbon Whiskey 
  * Gin 
  * Ginger Beer 
  * Irish Whiskey 
  * Malibu White Rum 
  * Port Wine 
  * Red Wine 
  * Scotch Whiskey 
  * Single Malt Whiskey 
  * Sloe Gin 
  * Tequilla 
  * Dry Vermouth 
  * Vodka 
  * White Rum 
  * Dry White Wine 

**Liqueurs**

  * Amaretto 
  * Apple Liqueur 
  * Baileys Irish Cream 
  * Bitters 
  * Cointreu 
  * Expresso Liqueur 
  * Ginger Liqueur 
  * Herbal Liqueur 
  * Kahlua 
  * Lemon Liqueur 
  * Limoncello 
  * Peach Schnapps 
  * Sweet Herbal Liqueur 
  * Triple Sec 
  * Whiskey Based Liqueur 

  * Bitter 
  * Creamy 
  * Fruity 
  * Salty 
  * Sour 
  * Spicy 
  * Sweet 

  * Coffees 
  * Juices 
  * Mocktails 
  * Shakes 
  * Smoothies 
  * Teas 

Clear AllApply Filters

  * Times Food
  * Recipes
  * Sweet and Sour Fish

# Sweet and Sour Fish Recipe

by TNN

Updated : Dec 10, 2019, 16:21 IST

Avg. Rating

0 Rate

Your Rating

 __Comments (0)

  * SHARE
  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Pinit
  * Print

  * Total Time35m
  * Prep Time15 m
  * Calories729

 __Bookmark __Add To Collection

As more people are getting health conscious, here is a dish that is a great
source of healthy nutrients and extremely tasty. Chinese cuisine is known for
using a lot of vegetables in every dish and the recipe they cook. Sweet and
Sour fish is a very popular dish in China and can be served as a main course.
There is nothing better than Chinese sweet and sour fish with a crispy texture
coated in thick sweet and sour sauce. It is a moderately easy recipe including
a few authentic Chinese ingredients. What makes this dish perfect are the
health benefits that fish provides. Fishes are rich in omega-3 fatty acids,
low-fat high-quality proteins, vitamin D and B2 with many more nutrients. It
is perfect for a healthy meal. Sweet and sour fish stir fry dish is delectable
and you can prepare it for game nights, birthdays and anniversaries, etc. It
is a simple recipe and however you choose to make it, we are sure that if you
follow the below recipe steps, everyone is going to fall in love with the
final dish.

Read moreRead less

## Ingredients of Sweet and Sour Fish

10 Servings1 Serving2 Servings3 Servings4 Servings5 Servings6 Servings7
Servings8 Servings9 Servings10 Servings11 Servings12 Servings13 Servings14
Servings15 Servings16 Servings17 Servings18 Servings19 Servings20 Servings

  * 500 gm fish
  * 2 teaspoon sesame oil
  * 1 1/2 teaspoon ginger
  * 3 tablespoon Chinese chives
  * 3 cup vegetable oil
  * 3 egg yolk
  * 1 tablespoon sugar
  * 2 tablespoon tomato puree

  * 3 tablespoon peanut oil
  * 4 red chilli
  * 3 cloves garlic
  * 4 1/3 tablespoon corn starch
  * 2 tablespoon soy sauce
  * 1/2 cup fish stock
  * 1 tablespoon malt vinegar
  * 2 tablespoon water

### How to make Sweet and Sour Fish

  * #### Step 1 Marinade the fish and chop the vegetables

Mix 4 tablespoons of cornstarch, egg yolks, 1 tablespoon soy sauce in a large
bowl. Cut the fish into small-sized chunks and add it to the bowl, mix well.
Set it aside and chops chillies, chives, ginger and garlic.

  * ##### Step 2 Prepare the sauce for the stir fry

Take a bowl and mix fish stock with 1 tablespoon soy sauce, add sugar, malt
vinegar, add tomato puree mixed in 2 tablespoons of water, and 1 teaspoon of
cornstarch. Set it aside.

  * ###### Step 3 Fry the fish and make the stir fry

Heat oil in a deep frying pan, fry the fish in 2 to 3 batches. Cook until
golden brown (3 minutes) and take it out on a tray lined with paper towel to
soak the excess oil. Remove the oil and take 3 tablespoon of peanut oil. Add
the chilies, ginger, garlic and stir fry for 30 seconds. Add fish to it and
stir for a few seconds, then pour the sauce ingredients. Let it boil for a
minute then turn off the heat.

  * ###### Step 4 Garnish and serve hot

Lastly, mix the chives and sesame oil, stir well. Serve it immediately with
steamed rice.

Comments(0)

Rate this Recipe

12345

0

Your Rating has been successfully submitted.

Write a review (Optional)

(Tap and add)

  * Nice recipe
  * Will try out
  * Worth trying
  * Wonderful recipe
  * That's yummy
  * Looks delicious
  * I enjoyed this recipe
  * Helpful recipe

SubmitSubmit

  
  
  
Your Rating has been successfully submitted.

## SUBSCRIBE NOW

### Liked our recipe collection?

Subscribe to receive easy recipes in your inbox

Subscribe

By subscribing to newsletter, you acknowledge our privacy policy

Related Recipe Videos

  * How to make Masala Fish __

  * How to make Singapore Chilli Fish __

  * Watch: How to make Coconut Fish Curry __

  * How to make Grilled Fish in Banana Leaf __

  * How to make Bengali Fish Curry __

  * How to make Fish and Chips __

  * How to make Ilish Pulao __

  * How to make Steamed Lemon Fish __

  * How to make Batter Fried Fish Tortilla __

Next Recipe

Promoted Stories

## SUBSCRIBE NOW

### Liked our recipe collection?

Subscribe to receive easy recipes in your inbox

Subscribe

By subscribing to newsletter, you acknowledge our privacy policy

Similar Recipes

  * Chilli Fish

40m

  * Chimney Soup

30m

  * Indian Style Fish

1h

  * Fish Fry

40m

Latest Recipes

  * Fried Masala Potatoes
  * Berry Ice Cream
  * Brazilian Lemonade
  * Indian Spicy Mocha

Featured Recipes

  * Rava Upma
  * Pink Sauce Pasta
  * Red Velvet Cookies
  * Indian-style Trail Mix
  * Chicken Cheese Sandwich

Popular Recipes

Mutton CurryPunjabi Mutton CurryChicken Biryani RecipeChristmas
MimosaChristmas PuddingRoasted TurkeyChristmas Stollen CakeChristmas
CakePaneer Chilli DryDark Chocolate CoffeeEggless Christmas CakeChocolate
Vanilla PuddingChicken Curry RecipeShahi Paneer RecipePav Bhaji RecipeAloo
Paratha Recipe

TIMES FOOD

FAQ's

Feedback

Authors

Terms and Conditions

Privacy Policy

About us

Contact us

Cookie Policy

Subscribe

RSS

Do Not Sell

Follow us on

  *   *   *   *   *   *   *   * 

Popular Picks

Muradabadi Chicken RecipeKeema recipeGluten Free FoodsVirgin Mojito
RecipeLemon Mint Juice RecipeKashmiri Kahwa RecipeAmla Juice RecipeLemon Grass
Juice RecipeChinese RecipesLemon Ginger Juice RecipeBlack Tea RecipeGobhi
Paratha RecipeGreek Salad recipeApple Shake RecipeGinger Tea Recipe

Popular Recipes

Kadhai Chicken RecipeAloo Paratha RecipeCold Coffee recipePuran Poli
RecipePalak Paneer RecipeRasgulla RecipeKhichdi RecipeGulab Jamun RecipeSamosa
recipeLemon Rice RecipeUpma RecipeVeg Biryani RecipeChicken 65 recipeSooji
Halwa RecipeChicken Manchurian Recipe

Recipe Videos

Aloo Paratha Recipe VideoChicken Biryani Recipe VideoPav Bhaji Recipe
VideoShahi Paneer Recipe VideoChicken Pizza Recipe VideoPaneer Biryani Recipe
VideoDiwali Cleaning TipsSamosa Recipe VideoPerfect Pasta TipsMethi Paratha
Recipe VideoGondh ke Laddoo Recipe VideoChicken Masala Recipe VideoAndhra
Mutton Roast Recipe VideoKerala Fish Recipe VideoNachos Pizza Recipe Video

Cuisines

Thai Food RecipesJain RecipesChinese RecipesAsian RecipesBengali Food
RecipesPunjabi RecipesMughlai RecipesItalian Food RecipesMexican RecipesNorth
Indian Food RecipesRajasthani RecipesSouth Indian RecipesContinental Food
RecipesSatvik Recipes

Courses & Meals

Salad RecipesDesserts & SweetsKebab RecipesParatha RecipesBiryani
RecipesDinner RecipesVeg DinnersLunch RecipesBreakfast RecipesVeg SnacksFinger
Food RecipesAppetizer RecipesSnack RecipesSoup Recipes

Healthy Meals

Diabetic RecipesLow Cholesterol RecipesCookiesDinner RecipesParatha
RecipesSalad RecipesSnack RecipesSoup RecipesParty Snacks RecipesDesserts &
SweetsSandwich RecipesKebab RecipesAppetizer RecipesVeg SnacksBreakfast
RecipesBiryani Recipes

Copyright 2022 Bennett coleman and co. ltd.All rights reserved.The Times of
India. | For reprint rights: Times syndication service

