https://www.cooking-therapy.com/sweet-and-sour-fish/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * About Me
    * Work With Me
    * Contact
    * Disclaimer
  * Subscribe
  * Recipes
    * Recipe Index
    * 30 Minute Meals
    * Appetizers
    * Breakfast
    * Drinks
    * Main Dishes
      * Beef
      * Chicken & Poultry
      * Fish & Seafood
      * Pork
      * Tofu
    * Noodle Bowls & Soups
    * Side Dishes
    * Salads
    * Dips & Sauces
    * Sweets & Desserts
      * Bars & Brownies
      * Cakes
      * Candy & Confectionary
      * Cookies
      * Curds & Custards
      * Donuts
      * Ice Cream
      * Mochi
      * Pies & Tarts
  * Restaurant Guides
  * ## Nav Social Menu

    * Instagram
    * Pinterest

  * search...

Home » Recipes » 30 Minute Meals

Mar 1, 2022(updated May 5, 2022)

# Sweet and Sour Fish

5 from 7 votes

Leave a comment

by Becca Du

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

I feel like LA is having a bit of an identity crisis with the weather but it
is 85 DEGREES right now. And when it's that hot, I only want to make super
easy recipes, and it seems like you guys seem to like that too. Some recipes
you guys have been making like my Chinese chicken and mushroom and Ga Kho are
not only tasty but also so easy to make. So I wanted to continue the trend of
easy, simple weeknight dinners with this sweet and sour fish.

Sweet and sour is a flavor profile you see a lot at Americanized Chinese
places because it catered more to Western palettes. I had never made a sweet
and sour dish before, but thankfully, my mom makes them all the time because
she cooks for my dad every day. This particular one is a favorite because it's
a lot healthier than a typical sweet and sour chicken or sweet and sour pork,
and you can use a variety of fish to make it.

## Ingredients, Substitutions & Adjustments

### Fried Salmon

  * **Salmon** - I love to use salmon for this dish because it's not only good but also available everywhere. If you don't like salmon or can't find it, I would use any kind of firm fish like sea bass, tilapia, or cod. My personal favorite is sea bass.
  *  **Sesame oil** - This gives the fish flavor and helps the coating to stick to the fish. Any type of neutral oil or even a whisked egg would work as substitutes.
  *  **All purpose flour and corn starch** - My mom uses a combination of all purpose flour and corn starch because it provides the perfect balance between crunchiness and lightness to the coating. You can also use only all purpose flour or only corn starch.
  *  **Baking powder** - Makes the coating airy.
  *  **Salt and pepper for seasoning**
  *  **Chicken bouillon powder (optional)** - This powder is the powder you use to make instant chicken stock. Just an optional ingredient that adds more flavor to the fish.

### Stir Fry

  * **Yellow onion** - Adds sweetness to the dish. A good substitute is white onion.
  *  **Red and green bell peppers** - Adds color and different textures to the dish. You can use any color of bell pepper you want.
  *  **Oyster sauce** - Adds umami flavor to the dish. A substitute for oyster sauce is soy sauce or tamari for a gluten free alternative.
  *  **Rice wine vinegar** - This is the "sour" flavor of the dish. I used rice wine vinegar but you can also use apple cider vinegar or distilled white vinegar.
  *  **Granulated sugar** - This is the "sweet" flavor of the dish. You can also use brown sugar.
  *  **Corn starch and water** - Combining these two ingredients make a corn starch slurry which helps thicken the sauce and makes it sticky.

## Making my sweet and sour fish recipe

First make the fried salmon. Add the salmon to a bowl. Drizzle the sesame oil
over it. Mix all the ingredients from flour through chicken stock powder
together. Coat the salmon in the flour mixture. Heat oil over medium heat for
5 minutes. Make sure the oil comes 1/2 inch up the sides of the pan. Fry the
salmon pieces until they are brown on all sides. See picture above for
reference. Once done, empty onto a plate and set aside.

Heat 2 tablespoons of oil over high heat. Add the onion and saute for 1-2
minutes until it becomes shiny. Add the green and red bell peppers. Saute
until soft (3-5 minutes). Add the oyster sauce and saute for 1-2 minutes. Mix
the corn starch with the water to make a corn starch slurry. Add the vinegar,
sugar, and corn starch slurry to the pan. Cook for another 1-2 minutes until
the sauce thickens. Pour the cooked vegetables over the fried salmon from step
3. Garnish with cilantro (optional) and enjoy!

## Tips on how to make the perfect sweet and sour fish

### Use high heat for the stir fry

This dish is essentially a stir fry, so you have to use high heat when making
it. The high heat ensures all ingredients are cooked and the sauce doesn't
become too watery. Cooking on a lower heat will cause the water to come out of
the fish and vegetables, causing them to become mushy and the sauce to be
watery.

### What can I serve sweet and sour fish with?

White rice! That's the best option because it's very neutral in flavor. You
can also serve it with brown rice or quinoa.

## Did you make this dish?

If you made this dish, I would love to see!

Follow Cooking Therapy on Instagram, snap a photo, and tag and hashtag it with
@cooking__therapy and #beccascookingtherapy.

Stay connected and follow along on Facebook, Pinterest, and Instagram for all
my latest recipes.

_Disclaimer: If you purchase anything through a link on this site, I may
receive a small commission from the purchase at no extra cost to you. I only
recommend products that I would personally use. Thank you so much for the
support!_

## Sweet and Sour Fish

Becca Du

This super simple sweet and sour fish recipe is the perfect dish for weeknight
dinners. It takes less than 30 minutes to make and tastes amazing!

5 from 7 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 15 mins

Cook Time 10 mins

Course Dinner, Main Course

Cuisine Chinese

Servings 4 people

Calories 299 kcal

### Equipment

  * Large Saute Pan

### Ingredients



US CustomaryMetric



1x2x3x

#### Fried Salmon

  * 1 lb salmon
  * 2 tsp sesame oil
  * ¼ cup all purpose flour
  * ¼ cup corn starch
  * ½ tsp baking powder
  * 1 tsp salt
  * 1 tsp pepper
  * 1 tsp chicken bouillon powder optional

#### Stir Fry

  * 1 yellow onion cut into large chunks
  * 1 green bell pepper cut into large chunks
  * 1 red bell pepper cut into large chunks
  * 2 tbsp oyster sauce
  * 1 tbsp rice wine vinegar
  * 1 tbsp granulated sugar
  * 2 tbsp corn starch
  * ¼ cup water

### Instructions



  * Add the salmon to a bowl. Drizzle the sesame oil over it.

  * Mix all the ingredients from flour through chicken stock powder together. Coat the salmon in the flour mixture.

  * Heat oil over medium heat for 5 minutes. Make sure the oil comes 1/2 inch up the sides of the pan. Fry the salmon pieces until they are brown on all sides. See picture above for reference. Once done, empty onto a plate and set aside.

  * Heat 2 tablespoons of oil over high heat. Add the onion and saute for 1-2 minutes until it becomes shiny.

  * Add the green and red bell peppers. Saute until soft (3-5 minutes).

  * Add the oyster sauce and saute for 1-2 minutes.

  * Mix the corn starch with the water to make a corn starch slurry. Add the vinegar, sugar, and corn starch slurry to the pan. Cook for another 1-2 minutes until the sauce thickens.

  * Pour the cooked vegetables over the fried salmon from step 3.

  * Garnish with cilantro (optional) and enjoy!

### Notes

  1.  **Use high heat for the stir fry** - This dish is essentially a stir fry, so you have to use high heat when making it. The high heat ensures all ingredients are cooked and the sauce doesn't become too watery. Cooking on a lower heat will cause the water to come out of the fish and vegetables, causing them to become mushy and the sauce to be watery.
  2. **What can I serve sweet and sour fish with?** - White rice! That's the best option because it's very neutral in flavor. You can also serve it with brown rice or quinoa.

### Nutrition

Calories: 299kcalCarbohydrates: 27gProtein: 24gFat: 10gSaturated Fat:
1gPolyunsaturated Fat: 4gMonounsaturated Fat: 3gCholesterol: 62mgSodium:
1055mgPotassium: 733mgFiber: 2gSugar: 6gVitamin A: 1090IUVitamin C:
64mgCalcium: 63mgIron: 2mg

Keyword sweet and sour fish, sweet and sour fish recipe, sweet and sour salmon

Tried this recipe?Let us know how it was!

If you love this post, share it!

  43  

ChineseSpringSummer

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Name *

Email *

Website

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### About Me

  
Hello I'm Becca! I believe any day can be made better with a bowl of noodle
soup. Here you will find recipes from my Chinese/Vietnamese heritage and
stories from my experience living here in beautiful LA. Grab a drink and stay
awhile! Read More

### Never Miss A Post!

Subscribe to get monthly doses of cooking inspiration and foodie goodness in
our inbox.

Leave this field empty if you're human:

### Scream for Ice Cream!

## Thai Tea Ice Cream

## How to Make Lavender Ice Cream at Home

## Strawberry Matcha Latte Popsicles

### Search

search...

## Footer

Privacy Policy  · Terms & Conditions  · All Rights Reserved

Copyright (C) 2022 · Cooking Therapy

