https://www.lutongbahayrecipe.com/recipes/sweet-and-sour-fish-fillet/


  * Home
  * All Recipes
  * Desserts
  * Snacks
  * Category
    * Pork Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Fish Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Vegetable Recipes
    * Pasta Recipes
    * Negosyo Recipes
  * Blog
  * About Us
  * Contact Us
  * Submit Recipe

# Sweet and Sour Fish Fillet

____Lutong Bahay Recipe __Recipes __0

Advertisement

Share & spread the love!

  5  

5

Shares

  

Advertisement

Sweet and Sour dishes is very popular in China and it's almost always served
as a whole fish.  Making this **Sweet and Sour  Fish Fillet** is a delicious
way to cook a fish and you'll surely love the sweetness of this dish. This
recipe is best served for lunch or dinner. Try it for yourself and enjoy.

## **Sweet and Sour Fish Fillet Recipe**

### **Ingredients:**

  * 1 kl dory fish
  * 1 big green bell pepper
  * 1 big carrots
  * 1 big red onions
  * 250g Tomato sauce
  * 140g Pineapple Chunks
  * Salt and Pepper
  * 2 Eggs
  * 5 tablespoon Flour
  * 3 table spoon sugar 

### **Cooking Procedure:**

  1. Cut the fish into cubes dip in flour and egg and deep fry. Set Aside. 
  2. In a pan sautee carrots,onions, green bell pepper dont over cook and set aside. 
  3. In a pan put the pinepple chunks and its juice simmer for 2 mins then add tomato sauce add sugar salt and pepper. 
  4. Simmer for another 3 mins. 
  5. The sauce is done put it on the fried fish with the saute veggies. 
  6. Serve with rice. Enjoy!

Sweet and Sour Fish Fillet  Advertisement  
  

Looking for other Lutong Bahay Recipes to try on? Feel free to check out our
**ulam recipes**, **desserts recipes** and **snacks recipes**.

Submit your Recipe

  
  

Some visual and written contents are copyrighted to their respective and
considerate owners. We do not claim that these recipes or photos are
proprietary to us. If this is yours and you would like it to be removed and
not shared with others, please let us know by sending an email to **contact @
lutongbahayrecipe.com** , you may use our website contact form or by sending a
message on our Facebook page. Read our disclaimer.

  

Share & spread the love!

  5  

5

Shares

5

Shares

__

  * Seafood Recipes
  * Vegetable Recipes

  

About Lutong Bahay Recipe  727 Articles

Lutong Bahay Recipe is a website dedicated in introducing different dishes in
the Filipino Cuisine to the world. We feature various recipes like meals and
snacks, which you can cook right at your own home. In fact, the term “lutong-
bahay or lutong bahay” translates to “Home cooked”, and the site aims to help
you with that. Filipino, Asian or not, you’re welcome to browse through the
site for the best and popular Filipino dishes. Get the recipes you want, so
you and your companions could have a great time on the table.

Previous

Kalderetang Alimango & Sugpo

Next

Ginisang Sitaw with Salted Egg

####  Be the first to comment

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published.

Comment  

Name *  

Email *  

Website  

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

Advertisement  

Advertisement  

#### Recent Recipes

  * Chicken Bicol Express 

____0

  * Adobong Hipon sa Gata 

____0

  * Cheesy and Garlicky Seafood Pasta 

____0

  * Tinolang Manok (Chicken Ginger Stew) 

____0

  * Creamy Sweet Chicken Adobo 

____0

Advertisement  

#### Yummy Desserts

  * Homemade Dalgona Coffee 

____0

  * Homemade Banana Flan 

____0

  * Squash Pastillas 

____0

  * White Wedding Cupcakes 

____0

  * Cookies and Cream Polovoron 

____0

Advertisement  

#### Recent Blog

  * The potential PASSIVE income of a coffee vending machine business 

____0

  * Reasons why Filipino Food Remains an Underdog in the Global Scale 

____1

  * What is Kamias? And How to Add it Into Our Diet? 

____0

  * What is a Pili Nut, and where do they mostly grow in Philippines? 

____0

  * Fascinating Facts on Why Munggo is Usually Served on Friday 

____0

Advertisement  

#### Tags

Baking Beef Recipes blogs Breakfast Chicken Recipes Desserts Fish Recipes
homemade recipes Ice Cream Negosyo Recipes Pasta pili nuts Pork Recipes
Seafood Recipes Snacks Soup Recipes Ulam Ulam Recipes Vegetable Recipes

Advertisement  
  

###### Our Mission

Lutong Bahay Recipe aims to share delicious homemade recipes to educate food
enthusiast individual who loves and enjoy cooking at the comfort of their
home. Learn more »

###### TOP PICK RECIPES

###### Snacks

  * Potato Long Fries 

____0

  * Kwek-Kwek (Fried Quail Eggs) 

____0

  * Ube Turon 

____0

###### Popular Recipes

  * Top 10 Pinoy Delicious Pork Recipes

posted on December 6, 2020

  * Sinigang na Manok

posted on April 9, 2019

  * Mango Tapioca

posted on May 1, 2019

Copyright (C) 2022 | WordPress Theme by MH Themes Privacy Policy | Disclaimer
| DMCA Notice | Terms | Sitemap | Submit Your Recipe | Sponsorship

x

