https://poshjournal.com/sweet-and-sour-fish


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Recipes
  * Collections
  * Subscribe
  * About
    * Contact
    * Disclosure/Privacy Policy
  * Search

menu icon

  * Recipes
  * Collections
  * Subscribe
  * About
    * Contact
    * Disclosure/Privacy Policy

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Recipes
  * Collections
  * Subscribe
  * About
    * Contact
    * Disclosure/Privacy Policy

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

Ã—

Homepage Â» Recipes

# Sweet and Sour Fish

Published: Feb 10, 2020 Â· Modified: May 16, 2020 This post may contain
affiliate links Â· This blog generates income via ads Â· 25 Comments

745 shares

  * Share38
  * Pin707
  * Tweet
  * Yummly
  * Mix
  * WhatsApp
  * Flipboard
  * Telegram

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

Learn how to make a popular seafood dish from China, sweet and sour fish.
This Chinese seafood is incredibly delicious and easy to make.

This homestyle meal (known as Tang Cu Yu (ç³–é†‹é±¼)), would be the perfect addition
to your family dinner table, any weeknight or for a gathering or fun occasion.

## Why You'll Love this Chinese Seafood Recipe

Sweet and sour fish is one of the most popular seafood dishes you can find at
Chinese restaurants.

Today I am going to show you how to make good restaurant-style sweet and sour
fish fillets. This dish tastes similar or even better than take-out, and is
much healthier and cheaper!

## The Ingredients:

This dish consists of white fish that is smothered in a Cantonese-inspired
sweet and sour sauce.

To add fresh colors to the dish I added in some diced red bell pepper, green
bell pepper, and yellow onions.

Some people opt to add pineapple into this dish.  I sometimes do, but other
times I like the dish to have a little less sweet of a taste.  

## The Best Fish to Use

In this recipe, I used **cod fillets** that I marinated with a classic Chinese
marinade sauce.

I also added lightly beaten eggs and corn starch flour in the wok prior to
adding the _deep-fried the fillets,_ which I then cooked until golden browned
in color.

Haddock, catfish, pollock, or similar mild white fish can also be used to make
this recipe.

## Homemade Sweet and Sour Sauce:

This homemade sweet and sour sauce is absolutely amazing and customizable.

It has the perfect balance of sweetness and tanginess from pineapple juice,
vinegar, and sugar.

It's also garlicky and gingery. You can even use the same recipe for the sweet
and sour sauce to make  _sweet and sour chicken  _or  _sweet and sour pork_!

One of the best things about this homemade sweet and sour sauce is that you
can adjust the sweetness or tanginess by adding extra sugar or vinegar until
you reach the desired taste.

This sauce uses 100% pineapple juice as one of the main ingredients.

The pineapple juice gives natural sweetness and tanginess to the dish, which
also offers some health benefits. I think it's better than using all refined
sugar like many restaurants do when making this sauce.

## Easy Cooking Process

The cooking process of this dish is pretty easy and quick.

  1. First, marinate the fish, then mix in the eggs and flour.
  2. Second, deep fry the fish until golden brown. This process runs pretty quickly, just be ready for some oil splatter ðŸ™‚
  3. Next, make the homemade sweet and sour sauce.
  4. Lastly, you will need to cook the other ingredients, then add fish and sauce. 

## Homemade Chinese Food Without MSG

When planning a recipe like this I think of different ways to make the dish
healthier, which oftentimes actually makes it taste better too.

I eat much less deep-fried foods than I used to and also try to cut back my
MSG consumption.

This fish dish is so delicious, and when you try recipes like this and can say
"wow, it tastes better without MSG", you'll never want to go back.

While this recipe isn't as healthy as a salad you're still getting some
veggies and fish, and the sauce that I use has much less sugar than most out
there, which lets the other flavors shine through.

### Check Out More Asian Recipes:

  * **HUNAN BEEF WITH CUMIN**
  *  **INSTANT POT MONGOLIAN BEEF**
  *  **SINGAPORE NOODLES (XING ZHOU MI FEN)**
  *  **GENERAL TSO 'S CHICKEN (SWEET AND SAVORY DEEP-FRIED CHICKEN)**
  *  **VEGETABLE STIR FRY WITH TOFU**
  *  **BEST PORK TENDERLOIN STIR FRY**
  *  **ASIAN GROUND BEEF STIR FRY**
  *  **THAI SALAD DRESSING**
  *  **MINCED PORK NOODLES WITH HOISIN SAUCE**
  *  **CHINESE EGGPLANT WITH MINCED PORK**
  *  **SHRIMP AND GREEN PEAS STIR FRY**
  *  **SESAME NOODLES (MA JIANG MIAN)**

5 from 13 votes

## Sweet and Sour Fish

Rika

Learn how to make a popular seafood dish from China, sweet and sour fish.
This Chinese seafood is incredibly delicious and easy to make. This homestyle
meal (known as Tang Cu Yu (ç³–é†‹é±¼)), would be the perfect addition to your family
dinner table, any weeknight or for a gathering or fun occasion.

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 15 mins

Cook Time 15 mins

Course Main Course

Cuisine Chinese

Servings 4

Calories 257 kcal

### Ingredients



US CustomaryMetric

  * â–¢ 1 pound cod fillets or any white fish of your choice , (cut into an â…› inch thick slices)

#### Marinade:

  * â–¢ 1 egg, (lightly beaten) 
  * â–¢ Â½ tablespoon Shaoxing wine , (or use dry sherry)
  * â–¢ Â½ teaspoon salt
  * â–¢ Â¼ cup corn starch 
  * â–¢ Â½ teaspoon cooking oil , (such as vegetable, peanut, or canola oil)

#### Sweet and Sour Sauce:

  * â–¢ 1 cup 100% pineapple juice
  * â–¢ Â¼ cup  water
  * â–¢ 3 tablespoon light brown sugar
  * â–¢ 3 tablespoon rice wine vinegar
  * â–¢ 2 tablespoon ketchup
  * â–¢ 1 tablespoon low-sodium soy sauce
  * â–¢ 1 tablespoon corn starch , ( mix with 1 tablespoon water to thicken the sauce)

#### Stir Fry:

  * â–¢ 1 tablespoon minced ginger
  * â–¢ 1 tablespoon minced garlic
  * â–¢ Â¾ cup diced green bell pepper
  * â–¢ Â¾ cup diced red bell pepper
  * â–¢ Â½ medium yellow onion , (diced) 
  * â–¢ vegetable oil 

###

Instructions



  * Place the fish fillets in a bowl. Add the Shaoxing wine and salt, mix well. Mix in the egg and flour until the fish slices are fully coated. Add the oil. Set aside.

  * Heat at least 1 cup of oil in a wok over high heat. Dip a chopstick into the oil. If the oil starts steadily bubbling, then the oil is hot enough for frying. 

Working in batches, use chopsticks to drop the fish slices into the wok one by
one. Deep-fry the fish slices until lightly golden. Do not overcook the fish.
Remove the cooked fish from the pan, and transfer to a paper towel lined
plate. Set aside.

  * In a medium-sized bowl, combine all sweet and sour ingredients. Set aside. 

  * In a wok, heat 1 teaspoon of oil over high heat, cook garlic and ginger until fragrant for about 10 seconds. Whisk in the sweet and sour sauce into the wok, simmer, stirring occasionally until the sauce is thickened and glossy for about 5 minutes (or until have just enough sauce to wrap around the crispy pieces of fish, about 1Â¼ cup of sauce). 

Adjust seasoning with extra sugar and/or vinegar if needed or until you reach
your desired taste. Remove from the heat, set aside.

  * In a clean wok, heat about 1Â½ tablespoon of oil over high heat. Cook the diced onion, red bell pepper, and green bell pepper until tender. Add the fish slices back into the skillet, then pour in the sweet and sour sauce. Toss to combine. Remove from the heat and serve. 

Or for a crispier result, you can pour the sweet and sour sauce with vegetable
mixture over the fish before serving.

### Nutrition

Calories: 257kcalCarbohydrates: 33gProtein: 23gFat: 3gSaturated Fat:
1gCholesterol: 90mgSodium: 579mgPotassium: 724mgFiber: 1gSugar: 19gVitamin A:
1121IUVitamin C: 67mgCalcium: 49mgIron: 1mg

Keyword Sweet and Sour Fish, Sweet and Sour Fish Fillets, Tang Cu Yu

Tried this recipe?Let us know how it was!

## More Recipes

  * Instant Pot Mongolian Beef

  * Singapore Noodles (Xing Zhou Mi Fen)

  * General Tso's Chicken (Sweet and Savory Deep-Fried Chicken)

  * Vegetable Stir Fry with Tofu

745 shares

  * Share38
  * Pin707
  * Tweet
  * Yummly
  * Mix
  * WhatsApp
  * Flipboard
  * Telegram

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. melissa chapman

February 24, 2020 at 8:03 am

  
That fish dish looks so good and the sauce very special. I know my son would
love a meal like this beause he loves fish and Chinese food

  2. Amber Myers

February 24, 2020 at 11:00 am

  
I do love a good stir fry! My husband and kids will enjoy this. They do gobble
up their seafood.

  3. cait

February 24, 2020 at 11:27 am

we love a good stir fry in our house and this recipe is one id be excited to
make for my family this week!

  4. Rena McDaniel

February 24, 2020 at 12:38 pm

I have never thought of using fish instead of chicken but I'm fascinated!
Pinning! I have to try it.

  5. adriana

February 24, 2020 at 1:19 pm

  
I am a super fan of sweet and sour dishes and yours looks lovely! Besides, it
is so easy to make and a good way to introduce fish to the diet.

  6. Tasheena

February 24, 2020 at 1:53 pm

  
This recipe looks so savory. Looking forward to making this for my family.

  7. Nancy L

February 24, 2020 at 4:05 pm

  
I've been trying to get my family to eat more fish and this might just work.
They love sweet and sour chicken so why not use fish instead?

  8. Catalina

February 25, 2020 at 3:49 am

  
Oh my goodness! How good this dish looks! This is a brilliant idea for dinner!

  9. Lynndee

February 25, 2020 at 6:02 am

I haven't tried preparing nor have eaten sweet and sour cod before. Just saved
your recipe. It looks good and I can't wait to try it.

  10. Lisa Martin

February 25, 2020 at 7:10 am

This looks amazing! I am trying to add more fish dishes throughout our week,
and this will help me keep it interesting and delicious!

  11. Beth

February 25, 2020 at 7:17 am

  
I haven't tried sweet and sour fish before, but it looks delicious! Pinning
for future reference!

  12. Ruth I

February 25, 2020 at 10:48 am

  
You have the best recipes! I've been craving for this since this year started
but I rarely eat out. This looks so delicious!

  13. Tiffany Grau

February 25, 2020 at 2:13 pm

  
I've never thought of doing a sweet and sour fish before! Brilliant idea!

  14. Marysa

February 25, 2020 at 6:47 pm

I have never had a dish like this before, and it sounds delicious! I like how
versatile stir fry can be.

  15. Lizzie Lau

February 25, 2020 at 7:49 pm

I love sweet and sour fish. I've never made it at home, but I buy haddock and
mahi mahi at Costco and they'd probably work great with this recipe.

  16. Rika Livingston

February 25, 2020 at 10:23 pm

Thanks so much Ruth!

  17. Rika Livingston

February 25, 2020 at 10:24 pm

I think you should try to make it at home ðŸ™‚ So easy!

  18. Rika Livingston

February 25, 2020 at 10:24 pm

It's very similar to sweet sour chicken, try it out!

  19. Swathi

February 25, 2020 at 10:52 pm

  
These are delicious sweet and sour fish. Perfect meal.

  20. Megan

July 01, 2020 at 9:49 pm

  
Deliciously authentic

  21. Rika Livingston

July 01, 2020 at 9:54 pm

Hi Megan,

Thanks for sharing your feedback! I am so glad that you enjoyed this recipe!

  22. Tamara Nikolajew

September 08, 2020 at 1:08 pm

  
I made this today. Easy recipe and very tasty. I used sea bass and it came out
perfect! Thank you!

  23. Rika Livingston

September 08, 2020 at 1:11 pm

Hi Tamara,

I appreciate you sharing your feedback! I am glad that this sweet and sour
fish turned out well for you! The sea bass sounds really good. I will have to
try it next time!

Best,

Rika

  24. Christiana

November 29, 2020 at 5:13 pm

Made this for Sunday dinner with catfish. Itâ€™s amazing. Taste like it was
bought at a restaurant.

  25. Rika Livingston

November 29, 2020 at 5:22 pm

Thanks for sharing your feedback, Christiana! I am glad that this sweet and
sour fish recipe turned out well for you!

### Did you like this recipe? Leave a star rating! I'd appreciate it!

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Î”

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi, I'm Rika!** Through Posh Journal I share my passion for food, travel and
other things I enjoy along the way. Donâ€™t let the name fool you, most of my
recipes are easy to cook and can be enjoyed on a daily basis.

More about me

### Popular Posts

  * Healthy Baked Chicken Tenders (Oven-Fried Chicken Strips)

  * Fish Soup (Flavorful and Easy!)

  * Roasted Baby Potatoes with Rosemary and Garlic

  * Perfect Lemon Pepper Chicken Thighs

### Featured On

(C) 2022 _poshjournal_

745 shares

  * 38
  *   * 707
  *   *   * 

