https://www.sailusfood.com/chilli-mushroom-recipe-dry-mushroom-recipes/


__

  * Home
  * All Recipes
    * Andhra Recipes
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Indo Chinese Recipes
    * Indian Vegetarian Recipes
    * North Indian Recipes
    * South Indian Recipes
  * Andhra
  * Breakfast
  * Lunch Box
  * Snacks
  * Festivals

__

Search

__

All Recipes Â» Chilli mushroom recipe

# Chilli mushroom recipe

Chilli mushroom recipe, a restaurant style Indian Chinese mushroom starter
that's crisp with sweet, sour and spicy flavors

chilli mushroom

Chilli mushroom is pure comfort food and I am sure you are going to love this
Indian Chinese mushroom starter. It has many flavors and textures bursting in
each bite, making it an addictive mushroom appetizer. Sometimes, when we eat
out at our favorite restaurant its tough to decide which appetizer to order
since there are so many favorites. My son is very sure of what he wants to
order and one of them will surely be a 'mushroom' based Indian dish, either
mushroom pepper fry, mushroom manchurian, chilli mushroom or mushroom momos.
Does it happen with you too? ðŸ™‚

Paired with vegetable fried rice or mushroom fried rice, noodles with sweet
and sour vegetables and sweet corn vegetable soup, chilli mushrooms make for a
nice dinner. I love to cook Indian Chinese food at home since its our family's
favorite fusion food. I can confidently say that and I have mastered cooking
restaurant style Indo Chinese recipes over the years. Sometimes its hard to
beat the flavors of Indo Chinese food served at quality restaurants but then
nothing beats whipping it up fresh in your own kitchen.

chilli mushroom recipe

Chilli mushroom recipe is almost the same as mushroom manchurian recipe with
gluten free ingredients that I blogged yesterday. The main player is red
chilli paste which gives the deep fried mushrooms color and a spicy flavor.
Dry red chillis are soaked in warm water for a few minutes, drained, ground to
a fine paste and sauteed in oil for a few minutes to remove the raw flavor.
Mushrooms are dipped in a batter made of all purpose flour and corn flour and
deep fried to golden perfection. They have a crisp exterior with a delicate
soft interior. You can eat them right off the stove without tossing them with
any flavorings. Its so good. ðŸ™‚

These golden fried mushrooms are tossed in a sauce consisting of minced
ginger, garlic, soy sauce, tomato sauce, sugar, red chili paste, vinegar and
corn flour. This sauce is packed with sweet, sour and spicy flavours. And,
spring onions are necessary for flavor along with green capsicum which adds
color and crunch to the mushroom goodness. Sweet, tangy with kick of right
amount of spice, the perfect combination of flavors!

chilli mushroom dry recipe

This chilli mushroom recipe is awesome, because it can be served as a starter
with toothpick skewers. If youâ€™re serving this visually appealing, bite-sized
chilli mushroom at your next party, do make a very large batch as your guests
are sure to ask for seconds again and again. Chilli mushroom will definitely
have your guests licking their fingers. And it makes for perfect starter for
vegans too.

This is one dry mushroom indian starter that you will, without a doubt, be
making again and again. You can thank me later. ðŸ™‚ Do add it to your list of
dry mushroom recipes Indian style. Also check out chilli paneer recipe and
chilli baby corn recipe

How to make chilli mushroom dry recipe at home

### Share:

  * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
  *   * Click to print (Opens in new window)
  * More
  * 

  * Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
  *   * Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
  * Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
  *   * 

# Chilli mushroom recipe

__  **Prepare time** : 15 min __  **Cook** : 20 min __  **Serves** : 4 __
**Cuisine** : indian chinese chilli,easy-vegetarian-recipes,indo-
Chinese_recipes,indo_chinese_food,mushrooms,popular,stir-fry,vegan_recipe,All
Recipes,Indian Chinese Recipes,Indian Snacks and Starter Recipes,Indian Vegan
Recipes,Indian Vegetarian Recipes

5 stars based on 5 reviews

### __  Ingredients

  *   Mushrooms 250 gms, cleaned, washed and drained
  *   Spring onions 4, chop whites and greens separately
  *   Green capsicum 1, medium, cut into bite sized pieces
  *   Garlic 2-3 cloves, minced
  *   Ginger 1/2", minced
  *   Soy sauce 1 tsp
  *   Vinegar 1 1/2 tsps
  *   Sugar 1 tsp
  *   Tomato sauce 1 1/2 tbsps
  *   Red chili paste (soak 3 dry red chilis in hot water for 10 mts, cool, grind to a paste, and saute paste in a tsp of oil for 2 mts)
  *   Corn flour 1 heaped tbsp mixed in 6-7 tbsps water
  *   Sesame oil 1 1/2 tbsps
  *   Oil for deep frying 
  *   For batter: 
  *   All purpose flour 2 tbsps, heaped
  *   Corn flour 3 tbsps
  *   Salt to taste 
  *   Black pepper powder to taste 
  *   Ginger 1/2", finely minced
  *   Garlic 1 clove, finely minced
  *   Water less than 1/2 cup to make a thick batter

### Method for making Chilli mushroom recipe

  1. Heat enough oil for deep frying in a heavy bottomed vessel. 

  2. In a small bowl, add all purpose flour, cornflour, salt and ginger garlic green chilli paste and mix well. Add water and make a smooth thick paste. 

  3. Add the washed and drained mushrooms into the batter and ensure its well coated. Place each mushroom into the hot oil, reduce flame to medium high and deep fry till golden brown. Remove the fried mushroom balls onto absorbent paper and set aside. 

  4. Heat sesame oil in a large wok, once the oil turns hot, add the chopped garlic and stir fry for a few seconds. Add the ginger and stir fry on high for a few more seconds. 

  5. Add the chopped spring onion whites and saute for a mt. Add sliced capsicum and stir fry on high flame for 2-3 mts. Add red chilli paste, tomato paste, soy sauce, vinegar, sugar and combine. Add the deep fried mushroom balls and toss for a mt on high flame. Add 5-6 tbsps of water and adjust salt if necessary and mix well. 

  6. Add the cornflour water and toss on high flame for 2 mts. It will become slightly thick due to cornflour. Add the chopped spring onion greens and mix. 

  7. Remove to a serving plate and garnish with spring onion greens. Serve hot as a starter with tomato sauce.

> ### Tips
>
>   * __  Be careful while deep frying since mushrooms leave water and oil
> could splatter if you are not carefu. The batter should be thick and should
> coat the mushrooms before deep frying. Do not let the mushrooms sit in the
> batter. Dip, coat and immediately deep fry.
>   * __  You can use 2 dry red chilis if you want less spice.
>

By Sailu Published:  February 23, 2016 chilli mushroom recipe dry, a
restaurant style, mushroom starter and a gem among indo chinese recipes & dry
mushroom recipes.How to make chilli mushroom fry

__

__

__

### Recommended

#### Paal poli recipe

__

#### Khara bath recipe

__

#### Gutti vankaya fry - Andhra style stuffed brinjal fry recipe

__

#### Spicy chicken curry recipe

__

#### Raju gari kodi pulao recipe - restaurant style andhra chicken pulao

__

#### Khatta meetha mirch ka achar recipe

__

#### Bhindi fry recipe

__

#### Beetroot fry recipe Andhra style

__

#### Kara chutney for idli

__

#### Kanchipuram idli recipe

__

#### Egg gravy recipe

__

#### Hyderabadi khichdi recipe

__

#### Gutti dondakaya recipe - Andhra style stuffed tindora fry

__

#### Avocado banana smoothie recipe

__

#### Saravana Bhavan kurma recipe

__

#### Masala sevai recipe with instant rice noodles

__

#### Thakkali chutney recipe, tomato chutney Tamil Nadu style

__

#### Wheat rava idli recipe, instant godhuma rava idli

__

#### Ugadi 2017

__

#### Shankarpali recipe

__

### Categories

  * All Recipes
  * Andhra Recipes
  * Ayurvedic Cooking - Ayurveda Recipes
  * Bengali Food Recipes
  * Brown Rice Recipes
  * Cake Recipes
  * Cereals/Grains
  * Chaat Recipes
  * Cookie Recipes
  * Easy Pasta Recipes
  * Eggless Cake & Cookie Recipes
  * Eggless Dessert Recipes
  * Featured Recipes
  * Festival Foods
  * Flour
  * Flour Recipes
  * Flowers
  * Fruit Recipes
  * Green Leafy Vegetables
  * Greens/Herbs
  * Guest Blogger
  * Gujarati Recipes
  * Home Gardening
  * How To Cook
  * Hyderabadi Recipes
  * Indian Bread Recipes
  * Indian Breakfast Recipes
  * Indian Chicken Recipes
  * Indian Chinese Recipes
  * Indian Chutney Recipes - Pachadi
  * Indian Curry Recipes
  * Indian Dal Recipes
  * Indian Drink - Sharbat Recipes
  * Indian Egg Recipes
  * Indian Festivals
  * Indian Fry Recipes
  * Indian Lentil Recipes
  * Indian Meat Recipes
  * Indian Milk Recipes
  * Indian Non-Vegetarian Recipes
  * Indian Paneer Recipes
  * Indian Pickles
  * Indian Recipes Archives
  * Indian Rice recipes
  * Indian Seafood Recipes
  * Indian Snacks and Starter Recipes
  * Indian Soup Recipes
  * Indian Sweets Recipes
  * Indian Vegan Recipes
  * Indian Vegetarian Recipes
  * Ingredients
  * Italian Food
  * Kerala Recipes
  * Kids
  * Kodava Cuisine
  * Konkani Recipes
  * Lebanese Recipes
  * Legumes/Pulses
  * Lunch Box Recipes
  * Maharashtrian Recipes
  * Malabar Recipes
  * Mangalorean Recipes
  * Mexican Recipes
  * Middle Eastern Recipes
  * Misc
  * Mysore Recipes
  * Navratri Recipes
  * North Indian Recipes
  * Personal
  * Podi Recipes
  * Raw Food Recipes
  * Recipes Vegetable Dishes
  * Salad Recipes
  * Sindhi Cuisine
  * South Indian Recipes
  * Spices
  * Sweet Dessert Recipes
  * Tandoori Recipes
  * Thai Recipes
  * Vegetable

  * Â© Sailu's Kitchen
  * About
  * Contact
  * __
  * __
  * __

Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel

Post was not sent - check your email addresses!

Email check failed, please try again

Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.

