https://www.indianhealthyrecipes.com/chili-mushroom-indo-chinese-recipe/


Skip to content

Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About

Search

Toggle Menu

Search

# Chilli Mushroom

Home >> Recipes >> Indo-Chinese Recipes

Byswasthi

38 Comments

__WhatsApp

 __Share 1K

 __Pin 1K

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

2K Shares

Chilli mushroom made under 15 minutes with mushrooms, green onions, bell
peppers, soya sauce, chilli sauce and garlic. My quick home style chilli
mushroom is easier, healthier and delicious, all without deep frying
mushrooms! Serve it as a snack, party appetizer or a side with your Chinese
meal of **hakka noodles** or **fried rice**. The options are endless, you can
also wrap it in your rotis or tortillas or simple serve it with some bread
toast.

* * *

I have also shared the tips to make a gravy version of the recipe. If you are
a family of mushroom lovers, this recipe is sure to please you all.

## About Chilli Mushroom

Chilli mushroom is an **Indo-Chinese** appetizer where crisp batter fried
mushrooms are tossed in a sweet and spicy chilli sauce. The saucy mushrooms
taste simply delicious with a nutty and earthy aroma. Though chilli mushroom
bears resemblances to **Mushroom Manchurian** both taste very different.

My home style recipe to make chilli mushroom is simpler and tastes delicious
all without deep frying the mushrooms. Moreover there is no use of refined
flour like corn starch or all-purpose flour in the recipe.

We saute the mushrooms on a high heat to bring out the earthy aroma and toss
it in sauce. Isn't that simple?

Yes it's as simple as I just said. The key step in this recipe is that you
need to balance the sweet, spice and tang for the perfect taste and texture.
With so many different brands of sauces available in the market, we want to
get the best and right results so you need to adjust the quantities of sauces.

This recipe uses a moderately generous amount of olive oil or peanut oil that
gives the chilli mushroom a great flavour and taste. So do not skimp on the
oil.

You can easily transform my saucy semi-dry chilli mushroom to gravy version by
simply using a small quantity of corn starch and more sauces. For that stir in
half a teaspoon of corn flour with Â¼ cup of luke warm.

Break up the lumps and pour it to the skillet at the last step. Bring it to a
boil on a medium heat. Turn off when it thickens slightly. Add more sauces as
needed to taste.

If you like to make a **restaurant style chilli mushroom** , you can follow
the recipe of  
 **chilli potato** **  
****chilli paneer**  
Just add the fried mushrooms in the boiling sauce.

More **Mushroom recipes**  
 **Mushroom biryani  
Mushroom manchurian  
Garlic mushrooms**

Advertisement

## How to Make Chilli Mushroom

1\. Chop 2 to 3 stalks of spring onions, half cup bell peppers, 2 to 3 garlic
cloves and 1 cup mushrooms (quartered). Slit 1 green chili if using.

2\. Heat 1 to 1Â½ tablespoons olive oil or peanut oil in a pan on a high flame.
Choose the larger burner on your stovetop and regulate to the highest flame.
Saute garlic in oil until aromatic, for 30 to 60 seconds without burning.

3\. Add 1 cup sliced or cut mushrooms along with 1 deseeded slit chili.

4\. Saute for 2 to 3 mins.

5\. Add spring onions and capsicum. Saute until half done, the capsicums must
be crunchy. This may take about 2 to 3 mins.

Advertisement

6\. Add 1 tablespoon soya sauce or tamari.

7\. Add 1Â½ to 2 tablespoons red chili sauce and Â¾ to 1 tablespoon tomato
sauce. Add more sauce if needed.

8\. Add 2 to 3 tbsp water all over. Stir and toss well. When the sauce reaches
a thick consistency, Switch off. **Taste the sauce and add more salt if
desired. I have not added as the sauces already have salt in them.**

Advertisement

Serve Hot with **hakka noodles** or veg **fried rice**.

## Recipe Card

Advertisement

## Chinese Chilli Mushroom Recipe

Chilli mushroom is a popular Indo-Chinese appetizer of mushrooms tossed in
sweet, spicy and slightly tangy chilli sauce. Serve it as a appetizer or a
side with noodles and fried rice.

Pin Recipe Print Recipe

1x2x3x

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

For best results follow the step-by-step photos above the recipe card

Prep Time5 minutes

Cook Time7 minutes

Total Time12 minutes

Servings1

AuthorSwasthi

### Ingredients (US cup = 240ml )

  * â–¢ 1 cup button mushrooms (cleaned and quartered)
  * â–¢ Â½ cup bell pepper / capsicum cubed
  * â–¢ â…“ cup spring onions (3 stalks)
  * â–¢ 1 green chili (slit and remove seeds)
  * â–¢ 1 tablespoon garlic , chopped, 2 to 3 cloves
  * â–¢ 1 to 1Â½ tablespoon olive oil or peanut oil or any
  * â–¢ 1 tablespoon soya sauce or tamari (adjust to taste)
  * â–¢ 1Â½ to 2 tablespoons chili sauce (adjust to taste)
  * â–¢ Â¾ to 1 tablespoon tomato ketchup or tomato sauce (adjust to taste)
  * â–¢ Â¼ to Â½ teaspoon sugar (optional)
  * â–¢ Â¼ teaspoon black pepper (crushed)
  * â–¢ 2 to 3 tablespoons water

Advertisement

### Instructions

#### Preparation

  * â–¢

Rinse mushrooms well under running water. Slice or halve or quarter them.

#### How to make chilli mushroom

  * â–¢

Heat a wide skillet with oil on a high flame.

  * â–¢

Add garlic and saute for 30 to 60 seconds until aromatic. Do not brown or
brown it.

  * â–¢

Next add mushrooms and slit green chilli. Saute for 2 mins.

  * â–¢

Add the capsicum and half of the spring onions, toss and fry till the
capsicums are almost cooked yet crunchy.

  * â–¢

Make sure mushrooms are cooked yet not mushy.

  * â–¢

Add the sauces to the skillet all over and pour 2 to 3 tablespoons of water.
Quickly stir well. The water immediately blends with the sauce and evaporates.

  * â–¢

Next sprinkle black pepper. Toss and fry for another min or until the sauce
thickens.

  * â–¢

Check salt and add more sauces to suit your taste. **Chili sauce & ketchup
already have salt so I have not used**. Off the heat.

  * â–¢

Serve chilli mushroom with hakka noodles or fried rice.

Advertisement

Alternative quantities provided in the recipe card are for 1x only, original
recipe.

For best results follow my detailed step-by-step photo instructions and tips
above the recipe card.

### NUTRITION INFO (estimation only)

Nutrition Facts

Chinese Chilli Mushroom Recipe

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 277 Calories from Fat 126

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 14g **22%**

Saturated Fat 2g **13%**

 **Sodium** 771mg **34%**

 **Potassium** 796mg **23%**

 **Carbohydrates** 32g **11%**

Fiber 7g **29%**

Sugar 16g **18%**

 **Protein** 7g **14%**

**Vitamin A** 2900IU **58%**

 **Vitamin C** 121.3mg **147%**

 **Calcium** 64mg **6%**

 **Iron** 1.5mg **8%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Tried this recipe?Mention @SwasthisRecipes or tag #swasthisrecipes!

(C) Swasthi's Recipes

__WhatsApp

 __Share 1K

 __Pin 1K

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

2K Shares

**FOR MORE RECIPES**

Please leave this field empty

Enter & Confirm eMail ID for Swasthi's Recipes Newsletter *

Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.

  

## Post navigation

Previous Previous

Aloo Methi | Potato Fenugreek Leaves Fry

NextContinue

Guntur chicken fry | Spicy guntur kodi vepudu recipe

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

38 Comments

__Inline Feedbacks

View all comments

Shubhangi Dalal

  
Thank you very much I don't know  
Cooking but by reading this I can  
do dishes Thank you very much.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Shubhangi Dalal

Glad to know Shubhangi

Reply

Advertisement

Robin

  
This recipe is amazing and super easy to make!!! Also literally everything
other recipe I've made has been ðŸ”¥ thank you so much for sharing them!!!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Robin

So Glad to know Robin.  
Thank you so much

Reply

Beena

Liked it. Easy â€¦ simple and understandable.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Beena

Thank you

Reply

Jay

  
You have mentioned onion in ingredients but forgot to put it in recipe.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Jay

Onion is a optional ingredient. I have corrected it.

Reply

Yogesh

  
Hi hello  
I made u r dish called chilly mushroom and I did expect like u made but
unfortunately it has become something sweet salty chilly or something
else?anyways thanks for the ingredients ???

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Yogesh

Hi Yogesh,  
Each brand of sauce is different. Sweet, salt and heat from chilli all depends
on the sauce used. Add a bit of vinegar and more pepper powder. It should fix
the problem.

Reply

Girish

Hiâ€¦When i added mushrooms to sautÃ©, they sweated lots of water and got
shrinker after cookedâ€¦.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Girish

Hi Girish  
Yes some mushrooms let out moisture. You should turn the flame to highest if
you see moisture letting out.

Reply

Dipika Prabhu

  
Hi  
Tried out the recipeâ€¦ i found out tat measurements of sauces used were
differentâ€¦ i had to add more to get the tasteâ€¦ after lot of trial i cud get
the desired taste.  
Ps. M new to cooking :p

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Dipika Prabhu

Hi Dipika  
The measurements mentioned in the recipe card works well for me. I guess you
prefer lot of sauce.

Reply

Advertisement

Dasa gopaala krishna

Very good infarmation

Reply

Srikanth

  
Very easy to prepare and very tasty.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Srikanth

Thank you

Reply

Phong Hong

What a colourful dish! Loving it ðŸ™‚

Reply

Latha Madhusudhan

wow superb and yummy it looks!!<br /><br />first time at your space and
following.<br /><br />Following you!!

Reply

Suja Manoj

Restaurant style,makes me drool..

Reply

Priya

Very attractive and super tempting chilli mushroom..Highly irresistible.

Reply

Advertisement

divya

looks so yummy &amp; nice clicks!

Reply

Kalpana Sareesh

one of my fav starter at any resto..looks gorgeous..<br /><br />

Reply

Sangeetha Priya

Delicious, colorful mushroom dry, loved itâ€¦

Reply

kitchen queen

hmmm yummilicious and lip smacking chilli mushroom recipe.

Reply

kausers kitchen

Hi Swasthi,..chilli mushrooms look delicious dear.Lovely click.<br />Have a
lovely week ahead ðŸ™‚

Reply

Ramya Krishnamurthy

really yummy dear.

Reply

Advertisement

Nandini

Wow! So appetizing! I&#39;d love to munch some!

Reply

Arthy Suman

Mouth-watering dishâ€¦wish to have some nowâ€¦

Reply

Load Rest of Comments

Advertisement

Advertisement

(C) 2022 Swasthi's Recipes

Insert

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Popular RecipesExpand child menuExpand

    * Matar Paneer
    * Butter Chicken
    * Chana Masala
    * Dal Makhani
    * Gobi Manchurian
    * Chicken Tikka Masala
  * SocialExpand child menuExpand

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Twitter
    * Pinterest
    * Youtube

Toggle Menu Close

Search for:

Search

