https://www.getatoz.com/content/chilli-mushroom-recipe/2000


  * Sign In 
  * Join Free 
  * Sourcing Tips 

    * Business

    * Trade

    * Lifestyle

    * Festivals & Culture

# Chilli Mushroom Recipe

Chilli Mushroom Recipe | How to make Chilli Mushroom | Chilli Mushroom is a
classic Indo-Chinese snack that is a crunchy and flavorful dish often served
as a starter.

Updated: June 16, 2022

______

Join __Group For More Recipe

##  

## Ingredients:

  

    200 gm chopped mushroom  
    2 teaspoon chopped garlic  
    1 teaspoon chopped ginger  
    1 teaspoon red chilli powder  
    3 teaspoon all purpose flour  
    1/2 teaspoon soy sauce  
    1 cup sunflower oil  
    1 chopped into cubes tomato  
    2 medium chopped onion  
    1 piece chopped green chilli  
    1 small chopped capsicum ( green pepper)  
    2 teaspoon corn flour  
    1/2 teaspoon vinegar  
    2 pinches black pepper  
    3 pinches salt  
    3 tablespoon red chilli sauce  
  

#### For Garnishing:

  

    1 handful chopped spring onions  
    1 handful chopped coriander leaves  

Chilli Mushroom is a classic Indo-Chinese snack that is a crunchy and
flavorful dish often served as a starter. This recipe is made with deep fried
mushrooms coated with soy sauce, corn flour, all purpose flour, salt and
pepper. This Indo-Chinese recipe can be made quickly and is a favorite kids
recipe. No Chinese food lover can ever say no to it.  
The best part of preparing this easy Chilli Mushroom recipe at home is that
you can keep an eye on the quality of ingredients used. You can also tweak
this recipe as per your preference, for instance if you want to prepare it as
a gravy-based dish, you can add more water and increase the amount of
ingredients. You can also make it a bit more spicy by adding a dash of ghost
chili.  

Mushrooms are versatile and taste good in which ever way they are prepared.
Sprinkle sesame seeds to add on to the taste of this dish. You can also use
this dish as a stuffing for your rolls like Kathi Roll, Veg Spring rolls or as
a mix for your homemade fried rice. If you are fond of smokiness of onion,
garlic, then stir fry these ingredients on high flame. It tastes best when
served with Hakka Noodles, Fried Rice or Manchurian etc. Remember to serve
small portions of this snack as it is quite filling.

## Procedure:

  * Chilli Mushroom recipe is a delectable appetizer recipe, which can be prepared at home without putting in much efforts. Soak the mushrooms in some lukewarm water for sometime and then drain the excess water. Then take another bowl and mix together corn flour, all purpose flour, salt, soy sauce, vinegar and pepper powder in it.
  * Once the mixture is ready, add the mushrooms in the bowl and mix well. Heat oil in a deep frying pan over medium flame. Fry the coated mushrooms until golden brown and crisp. Remove and drain the excess oil. Keep 1-2 tsp oil in the pan and remove the excess.
  * Add ginger, garlic, onions and green chillies in the pan and saute for a minute or two. Once the onions turn slightly translucent, add the red chilli sauce and little water, if desired. Once the red gravy is cooked, add the mushrooms and stir well.
  * Cook the mushrooms until all moisture has evaporated and then transfer the dish to a serving bowl. Garnish with coriander leaves and spring onions. 

#### Prep Time : 15 mins

#### Total Time : 25 min

#### Serving : 3-4 servings

#### Calories : 170

#### cuisine : Indian chinese

  

#### Related Articles

#### Mutton Biryani Recipe

Mutton Biryani is another biryani recipe, which is a perfect fusion of taste
and aroma.

#### Chum Chum

Chum Chum which is very similar to rasgulla in texture except that it is
stuffed and is oval in shape.

#### Mushroom Tikka

Delicious and savory, Mushroom Tikka is an easy to make appetizer recipe.

#### Paneer Tandoori

Paneer Tandoori is an easy-to-make North Indian recipe as it uses readily
available ingredients in the kitchen like paneer, curd, meat masala and
ginger-garlic paste.

#### Chocolate Cake

This chocolate cake is made with chocolate and other ingredients flavored with
melted chocolate, cocoa powder and vanilla..

#### Red Velvet Ice Cream Cake

The cake layers sandwich ice cream that is just full of red velvet cake
crumbs, as well as a whipped cream cheese icing.

#### Coffee Paneer Peda

Coffee Paneer Peda is a traditional sweet made with cottage cheese, coffee,
sugar, and milk.

#### Cheese Overload Mushroom

Cheese Overload Mushroom is a low calorie snack recipe that can be prepared on
any occasion.

## Related Products Suppliers

Browse related wholesalers, exporters, manufacturers & suppliers**.

## Sponge Mushroom

Get Verified Sellers Of **Sponge Mushroom**

Enquire Now

## Paddy Straw Mushroom

Get Verified Sellers Of **Paddy Straw Mushroom**

Enquire Now

## Button Mushrooms

Get Verified Sellers Of **Button Mushrooms**

Enquire Now

## Shitake Mushroom

Get Verified Sellers Of **Shitake Mushroom**

Enquire Now

## Portobello Mushroom

Get Verified Sellers Of **Portobello Mushroom**

Enquire Now

## Oyster Mushroom

Get Verified Sellers Of **Oyster Mushroom**

Enquire Now

## Suppliers Across World

  

Browse suppliers across the globe including Wallis and Futuna, Montserrat,
Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Fiji Islands, Virgin Islands, U.S., Netherlands
Antilles, Cuba, Kyrgyzstan, South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands,
Suriname, San Marino, United Arab Emirates, Micronesia, Federated States of,
Azerbaijan, Martinique, Slovenia, Faroe Islands, Puerto Rico, United States
Minor Outlying Islands, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mongolia, Saint Pierre and
Miquelon, Malawi, Italy, Wales, French Guiana, Germany, Cook Islands, Mexico,
Ecuador, Cayman Islands, Brunei, Yemen, Finland, El Salvador, Palestine,
Albania, Jordan, Poland, Norway, Greece, Bolivia, Guatemala, Bulgaria, Spain,
Dominica, Rwanda, China, Denmark and other localities of World as well..

  

**ABOUT GETATOZ**  
Getatoz is a platform to help manufacturers, suppliers, exporters & local
small and medium - sized businesses (MSME) to leverage the power of digital
technology to be able to compete globally. With millions of users visting our
platform every month, we look forward to working with exporters,
manufacturers, suppliers, wholesaler, traders, service providers & SMBs in
digitalisation of their business and connecting them to the right buyers.
GETATOZ is highly trusted B2B Marketplace for the online promotion of
products, services & softwares.

  * Paid Service
  * Contact Us
  * Trade Leads
  * Terms Of Use

**TOP SEARCHES**  
Minerals and Ores Attar Email Marketing Software Incident Management Software
Mushroom Coal Disposable Gloves Face Mask Pulse Oximete Industrial Salt Oxygen
Concentrator N95 Mask Oxygen Cylinder Multivitamin Tablet Xerox Machine Drone
Camera TMT Bars Solar & Renewable Energy Thermometers Wall Putty Milk Products
Inverters Fire Extinguishers Footwear Gemstone Batteries Hospital Bed Safety
Shoes Office Chairs Drills Welding Machine Asbestos Cement Sheet Spy Cameras
A4 Size Paper Solar Panels Charcoals Bricks Gunny Bags Pure Ghee Paneer Free
Invoice Generator GST Calculator Free Currency Converter Free QR Code
Generator Free Barcode Generator Cryptocurrency Exchanges Free Cryptocurrency
Convertor

**DO MORE WITH GETATOZ**  
Products Services Softwares HSN CODE SAC CODE NIC CODE TRADEMARK CLASS RTO
Percentage Calculator Link Whatsapp Quotes SEO For Small Business Raksha
Bandhan Quotes

Use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the Getatoz.com Terms &
Conditions.

Copyright @ Getatoz 2022

#### Login To Continue

Ã—

