https://www.desidakaar.com/chilli-mushroom-dry-recipe/


##

Menu

  * Home
  * Indian Recipes
  * International Recipes
  * Desserts
  * Snacks
  * Sweets
  * Dips & Chutney

# Chilli Mushroom Dry Recipe : Crispy Fried Indochinese Snack!

__Desi Dakaar __ 6 years ago

__Prev Article Next Article __

If you are a fan of Indochinese dishes then I have one more interesting dish
for you. It has a tasty fusion of Chinese zest with the Indian food. This
flavorful dish is none other than the spicy and hot Chili Mushroom Dry. It is
easy to follow the chilli mushroom dry recipe and the make restaurant-style
starter at home. It is a healthy stir fry recipe which is very quick and
simple to make. If you follow it carefully, then it would almost result in a
restaurant style chilli mushroom dry recipe. The difference in this recipe is
that the mushrooms are not deep fried here. But if you want you can go for
that step.

## Chilli Mushroom Dry

  * **Author:** Chandni Agrawal
  * **Recipe Category:** Snacks
  * **Cuisine:** Indo-Chinese

**Description:** The Chilli Mushroom Dry Recipe is healthy as well as very
quick and simple to make at home. Learn to make the restaurant style tasty
dish within minutes.

## Ingredients for Chilli Mushroom Dry:

  * Button Mushrooms ( cleaned and quartered ) – 1 cup
  * Bell Pepper/ Capsicum/ Shimla Mirch (cubed ) – ½ cup
  * Chopped Spring Onion – ⅓ cup ( optional )
  * Green Chilli ( slit vertically) – 1 piece
  * Chopped Onion ( layers separated ) – 1 medium size
  * Chopped Garlic – 1 tbsp.
  * Oil – 1 tbsp. (Try Saffola Oil)
  * Soy Sauce – 1 tsp.
  * Chilli Sauce – 1 tsp.
  * Sugar – ¼ tsp. ( optional )
  * Tomato Ketchup – ¾ tbsp.
  * Salt to taste
  * Black Pepper Powder - a pinch
  * Water – 2 tbsp.

**Note:** You can use red, green or yellow capsicum. To make your chili
mushroom dry look even more colorful, combine all the different colors of bell
peppers.

Though this recipe is made with the white button mushrooms but you can also
use any type of eatable mushrooms. You can also add crushed ginger.

## Method for Chilli Mushroom Dry:

### Pre-Preparation:

  * Wash and wipe the mushrooms with a kitchen towel. You can slice, halve or quarter them. If you want to remove the skin then just peel it off.
  * Wash the onions and the spring onions. Cut the onions into halves or quarter finely chop the spring onions.
  * Rinse the all the bell peppers you are using. Chop them into small cubes or squares.
  * Also, finely chop the garlic.

**Note:** Keep the green part of the spring onions reserved for the garnishing
purpose.

### Preparation:

  * Heat oil in a non-stick fry pan on high flame.
  * Now add chopped garlic. Sauté until it smells good.
  * Now add mushrooms and green chilli. Fry for 2 minutes.
  * Now cover the pan with a lid and cook until the mushrooms are half done.
  * Now add onion and capsicum. Sauté until the veggies are half done. The capsicum must be crunchy.
  * If you are using spring onion add it at this point.
  * Keep in mind that the mushrooms are also cooked at the same time.
  * Now add soy sauce, red chilli sauce, tomato ketchup. Mix well.
  * Add water. Cook until the sauces come to a thick consistency. Switch off the flame.

And the delicious Chilli Mushroom Dry is ready.

**Note:** Do not overcook the mushrooms otherwise they would be burned.

Also, after cooking the mushrooms do not keep idle for long. If you keep the
chili mushroom dry for a long time, then the mushrooms may become soggy.

**Additional Information:**

  * **Calories:** 179 calories
  * **Total Time:** PT12M
  * **Serves:** 1
  * **Date Published:** 2016-09-14

_**Get Daily Dose of Delicious Recipes … Subscribe Now!**_

Usually, in the restaurants, the soft mushroom are dipped in the corn flour
batter. Once they are coated with the batter, they are fried so they are
covered with the crispy and crunchy outer layer. Here, we have skipped frying
them yet we can get that similar texture with the minor effect of crunchiness.
Then the mushrooms are sautéed with the various Indian spices. And lastly,
they are tossed in the different Chinese flavored hot and sizzling sauces.

All the ingredients used in this recipe are important except the few which are
optional. The button mushrooms are the core ingredients of this dish along
with the chopped veggies, ginger and spring onions. The basic taste of any
Manchurian is formed due to the addition of spicy Chilli sauce and soy sauce
in this recipe. The sauces are added more or less to get the desired taste of
the Chinese food. The sprinkle of black pepper and the seasoning with salt
gives this dish of chili mushroom dry a strong flavor which can tickle your
tongue.

The onions and garlic when sauté release a powerful aroma which leaves your
senses in a joy of delight. Mushrooms are rich in vitamin D and rich sources
of protein also. This delicious plate of flavorful mushroom is extremely
healthy as well. So having the mushrooms in our diet is not just good for
adults but they are also apt for kids. Serve this spicy and hot dish of chilli
mushroom dry with fried rice, roti or Nan. If you are a mushroom lover then I
am sure you will surely like this recipe also .thus dish is almost like
mushroom Manchurian.

#### Remarks:

  * Total time required for the cooking of Chili Dry Mushroom Recipe is around 12 minutes
  * The mentioned proportion of ingredients makes enough to serve a single person.
  * You can be flexible with the proportion of sauces and adjust the quantity of the soy sauce and chilli sauce as per your preference.
  * You can add cornstarch also to give a glazy look.
  * If you want, you can also use vinegar.
  * Mushrooms release a bit of water after they are cooked, so eat this dish immediately as it is made.
  * Buttons mushrooms make the dish spicier.

#### Garnishing:

Serve hot with Hakka noodles or veg fried rice, bread, roti or Nan. If you are
serving it in the form of a hot snack then pair with the tangy tomato ketchup
or any other refreshing chutney. Garnish with:

  * Greens of Chopped Spring Onion
  * Coriander Leaves

##### Quick Tip:

  * You can use any veg oil or sesame oil.
  * This snack of the mushroom dish tastes best only when it is served hot.
  * If you are using both ginger and garlic, then make their paste and add. It is easy to prepare fresh ginger-garlic paste **.**

Anyone who loves the flavors and taste of Mushrooms will definitely love this
twist to the Mushroom Manchurians. As know mushrooms are rich in vitamins and
proteins, there is no better way to get its goodness in our diet. Please your
taste buds with the spicy and hot flavors of chilli mushroom dry. The
delicious and easy to make Mushroom Sandwich is again one of the best snacks
you can make from mushrooms. This Indo-Chinese fusion food is one of the
classic dishes which you can prepare for party starters or appetizers. Its
combination is inspired by the hot Indian spices and sizzling Chinese sauces.
Basically, it is an Indian- Chinese flavored mushroom starter that has crunchy
and crispy texture. It has the blend of sweet, sour, tangy, tarty and spicy
flavors in it. So if you are planning to make it for the party or similar
small functions, then pair it along with the bowl of creamy mushroom soup.

Any dish from the mushroom is much healthier dish when compared with other
light snacks as it is rich in Vitamin D. They reason people enjoy eating
Mushrooms is because they impart their own unique flavor and taste to the
dish. Mushy have a little different texture but they mold as per the food
dish. They are soft and have a rubber-like consistency but if your fry them
they would attain a crunchy texture. Another quality of mushrooms is that is
that if you include them in a dish with other flavorful ingredients, then the
flavor of mushrooms would overpower them.

There are two methods to make the chili mushroom dry recipe. The first is when
you mix the mushroom with the veggies and sauté them. The second method is to
dip the mushroom in the batter of corn flour and fry them. The reason we fry
the mushroom is because the coating of the batter changes the taste of
mushrooms and infuses a different taste in them which we can feel in each
bite. This kind of interesting ideas to make the food dish mushroom acts for a
great change from the routine Mushroom items. It is one the best dish to try
if you are bored of regularly eating Gobi Manchurian.

* * *

__Prev Article Next Article __

#### Related Posts

## Dahi Papdi Chaat Recipe : Delicious Snack with Curd!

__Desi Dakaar __ September 22, 2016

## Aloo Pakora Recipe : Crispy Potato Fritters!

__Desi Dakaar __ August 31, 2016

## Baked Samosa Recipe : Healthy Version of Aloo Samosa!

__Desi Dakaar __ February 6, 2017

## Poha Upma Recipe : Delicious Variety Of Upma!

__Desi Dakaar __ September 28, 2016

## Shrimp Croquettes: How to Make Belgian Shrimp Croquettes

__Romae Chanice Marquez __ October 31, 2019

## Kanda Poha Recipe : How to Make Onion Poha at Home

__Desi Dakaar __ February 28, 2017

### Search

__

### Archives

  * January 2021
  * December 2020
  * November 2020
  * October 2020
  * September 2020
  * August 2020
  * July 2020
  * June 2020
  * May 2020
  * April 2020
  * March 2020
  * February 2020
  * January 2020
  * December 2019
  * November 2019
  * October 2019
  * September 2019
  * August 2019
  * June 2019
  * May 2019
  * September 2018
  * April 2017
  * March 2017
  * February 2017
  * January 2017
  * December 2016
  * October 2016
  * September 2016
  * August 2016
  * July 2016

### Meta

  * Log in

DesiDakaar Copyright (C) 2022\. © Copyright 2019 DesiDakaar - All rights
reserved.

__

  * Amazon Affiliate Disclosure
  * Privacy Policy
  * Contact

