https://www.chinasichuanfood.com/chinese-bbq-pork-buns/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

# China Sichuan Food

menu icon

  * Recipe Index
  * By Date
  * Newsletter
  * Pantry
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

search icon

Search

  * Recipe Index
  * By Date
  * Newsletter
  * Pantry
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

×

Home » Recipes » Breakfast

# Char Siu Bao (BBQ Pork Buns)

November 14, 2017 by Elaine 71 Comments | Jump to Recipe

  * Facebook
  * Pinterest6063

I always have leftover char siu as a char siu lover. I love to make my own
char siu at home with a homemade char siu sauce. Each time after making a
large batch of char siu sauce, I will make char siu bao in the next day.
Leftover char siu is a fabulous ingredients for lots of dishes including egg
foo young, char siu fried rice and this char siu bao. We have two versions of
char siu bao (Chinese BBQ Pork buns), one is steamed and the other one is
baked(叉烧餐包). Elaine will introduce two ways of preparing the dough in this
steamed char siu bao recipe. This version is the simplified version with
higher success rate.

Filled steamed buns (Baozi) are different in Northern and Southern China. Bao
wrappers in Northern China is strong, elastic fluffy and without too much
flavors. However the wrappers in Southern China especially in Guangdong
cuisine, are pillow soft, frail and sweet. If you ever visited a real dim sum
hall, you may known what I am talking now. But the dim sum style char siu bao
cannot be re-produced at home without the help of “臭粉”, ammonium bicarbonate
that can help to produce a large amount of bubbles in a short time. But we
have another way to go, using a common steamed buns dough.

Follow the steps and make the pillow soft and juicy char siu bao with common
all purpose flours and other easy to find ingredients.

We begin with the filling as you need to fridge them for a while so it becomes
easy to handle. To start with this easy char siu bao, make your own char siu
firstly in the previously day and then cut the cooled char siu into small
dices.

### Filling

  * 2 cups leftover char siu dices
  * 100ml water
  * 1 tbsp. cornstarch
  * 1 tbsp. light soy sauce
  * 1 tbsp. oyster sauce
  * 1 tbsp. hoisin sauce
  * 1 tbsp. sugar

Mix cornstarch with water and set aside for couple of minutes until well
combined. In a small sauce pot, add starch water, oyster sauce, hoisin sauce,
light soy sauce, sugar and heat over slowest fire until there are big bubbles.
_ **This is our char siu starch which shoulder the responsibility of juicy
filling.**_

Mix the mixture with char siu dices. Cool down, covered and keep in fridge for
30 minutes.

Now, let's deal with the dough, comparing with common dough. I use a larger
batch of yeast this time and employ a one time fermentation process, which can
greatly shorten the time. I recommend using sugar tolerant yeast since we use
quite a lot of sugar in the dough.

### Wrapper

  * 300g all purpose flour + more for dusting
  * 40g sugar
  * 2 tsp. sugar tolerant instant yeast
  * 160ml **warm water** (or 180ml to 185ml warm milk), the best temperature for liquid is around 35 degree C.
  * 1 tbsp. vegetable oil (corn oil)
  * a tiny pinch of salt

### Cook's note for wrappers

  1. If you read the ingredients for the dough and comparing with other Chinese steamed buns, **this dough for char siu bao contains more liquid content (water and oil) and a larger amount of sugar.** The final dough should be quite soft but not sticky when well kneaded.
  2. I use a one time proofing method for the wrapper, which greatly save the time and make the buns more fluffy and less chewy. You can resort to a traditional Chinese pork bun method of two proofing method (二发法). By the way, the yeast is also increased so the buns can be well proofed within a short time. It is quite important to control the temperature and fresh fresh yeast if using one proofing method.
  3. In summer, you can use room temperature water, but warm water is quite necessary to activate the yeast in winter.

### Steps

In a stand mixer, place all of the dough ingredients in and then knead for 7-9
minutes at slow speed. Then cover and rest for 10 to 15 minutes. Knead the
dough until smooth.

Now divide the dough into 12 equal portions. Re-knead each one until smooth
and then roll the wrapper dough into round wrappers around 10 cm in diameter
with thin edges. If you need more instruction about how to assemble the buns,
check this video. Assemble all of those buns.

I am using a Chinese Bamboo Steamer Set to steam most of my steamed buns and I
highly recommend using one you love pillow-soft buns the same as me. They can
provide a better vapor condition with some extra freshness of Bamboo.

**Cover the lid and now we begin the one time fermentation process.**

  * In hot summer, cover the lid and let the buns stay for 20 to 30 minutes until the buns are bigger and softer.
  * In cool days, heat the water in a pot for several minutes until warm but not boiling. Place the steamer over the pot and wait for another 20 to 30 minutes. The buns can expand very fast with warm temperature and higher air humidity.When the buns are well proofed, they becomes slightly bigger and softer (around ⅓ bigger). And if you pork a small hole, it will not recover or recover at a very low speed.

Re-start the fire and steam the buns for 15 minutes. Turn off fire and stand
for another 5 minutes before enjoying. Now we have the pillow soft char siu
bao with a homemaking friendly dough.

## Chinese BBQ Pork Buns

Homemade soft and yummy steamed Chinese BBQ Pork Buns.

4.89 from 9 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: staple

Cuisine: Chinese

Keyword: BBQ Pork, buns

Cook Time: 20 minutes

Total Time: 1 hour

Servings: 12 Making 12 buns

Calories: 247kcal

Author: Elaine

### Ingredients

#### Filling

  * 2 cups leftover char siu dices
  * 100 ml water
  * 1 tbsp. cornstarch
  * 1 tbsp. light soy sauce
  * 1 tbsp. oyster sauce
  * 1 tbsp. hoisin sauce
  * 1 tbsp. sugar

#### Wrapper

  * 300 g all purpose flour + more for dusting
  * 40 g sugar
  * 2 tsp. sugar tolerant instant yeast
  * 160 g warm water ,or 180ml to 185ml warm milk
  * 1 tbsp. vegetable oil ,corn oil or other oil without strong flavor
  * a tiny pinch of salt

### Instructions

#### Make the filling

  * Mix cornstarch with water and set aside for couple of minutes until well combined.

  * In a small sauce pot, add starch water, oyster sauce, hoisin sauce, light soy sauce, sugar and heat over slowest fire until there are big bubbles. Then mix with the char siu dices.

  * Cover the filling and place in fridge for 30 minutes.

#### Make the wrapper

  * In a stand mixer, place all of the dough ingredients in and then knead for 7-9 minutes at slow speed. Then cover and rest for 10 to 15 minutes.

  * Slightly re-knead the dough for another 2 minutes until the smooth becomes very smooth. Shape into long log first and then divide the dough into 12 equal portions. Re-knead each wrapper dough until the surface becomes smooth.

  * Roll each of the wrapper dough into a round wrapper around 10 cm in diameter with thin edges. Scoop around 1 tablespoon of filling in the center and seal the buns completely. Repeat to finish all of the buns.

  * Place the buns on baking papers and then place in steamer. Cover the lid and rest for another 20 minutes at a room temperature around 28 degree C to 30 degree C. In cold water days, heat water in a pot for several minutes until warm but not boiling and then place the steamer on the warm water, rest for 15 to 20 minutes.

  * Start the fire and steam the buns for another 20 minutes, turn off fire and stand for 5 minutes before enjoying.

  * Re-steam the buns if they are cooled. No changes for the taste.

### Notes

The Nutrition Facts is based on each single char siu bun.

### Nutrition

Calories: 247kcal | Carbohydrates: 25g | Protein: 3g | Fat: 1g | Saturated
Fat: 1g | Sodium: 124mg | Potassium: 34mg | Sugar: 4g | Calcium: 4mg | Iron:
1.2mg

« Easy Char Siu with Hoisin Sauce

Baked Char Siu Bao »

### You may also like

## Chinese Mooncake (Yue Bing)—Traditional Version

September 7, 2016

## Ginger Milk Pudding

April 30, 2017

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Heather

June 11, 2019 at 11:22 pm

Hi there Elaine, thank you so much for all your recipes! I had one question -
do you use a dough hook on your stand mixer to make this dough? Or just the
regular attachment? Thanks!

Reply

    * Elaine

June 12, 2019 at 8:09 am

Yes a dough hook is used to make the dough. It is ok to knead it by hand.

Reply

  2. Myriam

July 31, 2019 at 4:56 pm

  
hi Elaine, could you tell me what kind of sauce you can serve with the pork
buns thank youfor your quick reply  
Myriam

Reply

    * Elaine

August 01, 2019 at 7:07 am

Myriam,  
We don't match this with any dipping sauce. But it is ok if you want to serve
some. For example sweet chili sauce (for hot version) or condensed milk (for
sweet version). I believe soup (light Chinese soup) is a better partner for
Char Siu Bao

Reply

  3. Lena

August 10, 2019 at 6:08 pm

  
These are my husband favourites. Since i went to China two years ago I can't
get enough of baozi and you provide so much different recipes!  
This one worked really well for me. I do prefer the slightly sweeter dough
with sugar.

Reply

    * Elaine

August 10, 2019 at 8:20 pm

Thank you, Lena! This is a lazy version I used frequently.

Reply

  4. Francesca Tan

May 20, 2020 at 10:03 am

Just wondering can these be made ahead and frozen? Or steamed and warmed up
again in the microwave the next day?

Reply

    * Elaine

May 21, 2020 at 8:04 am

Yes. You can steamed them well and fridge when cooled. And then re-steam or
microwave in the next day.

Reply

  5. Mai

June 26, 2020 at 10:13 am

If I used your char siu recipe for my filling, how much would I have left
after making the filling? If I didn't want too much extra, should I halve or
third your char siu recipe?

Reply

    * Elaine

June 28, 2020 at 8:07 am

I recommend halve the recipe.

Reply

  6. emily

July 07, 2020 at 4:07 pm

  
steps 4 and 5 were a bit confusing, but they came out nice!

Reply

    * Elaine

July 11, 2020 at 7:48 am

In step 4, it is the second proofing process and step 5 is to steam the buns.

Reply

  7. Doris

August 04, 2021 at 5:21 am

Hi Elaine,  
Thank you for your recipe! I like it very much and have done it many times!
But the buns often collapse and become flat after steaming. Do you have any
advice for me? Thank you very much!

Reply

    * Elaine

August 08, 2021 at 9:54 am

You need longer proofing time, Doris.

Reply

« Older Comments

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### Hi, Welcome!

Please not be limited by site name, as Elaine shares Chinese recipes beyond
Sichuan dishes. Know me more from  About Page

  * Facebook
  * Google+
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

### Find Recipes

Search

##  Email List

Subscribe Our Email list to get updates and recipes

## Footer

↑ back to top

  * Privacy Policy. Disclaimer. About. Hot Pot cookbook

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2022 ChinaSichuanFood.com | All Rights Reserved

  *   * 

