https://eatlittlebird.com/sticky-pork-bao-buns/


Skip to content __

# Eat, Little Bird

  * Recipes
    * Baking
      * Bread
      * Bundt Cakes
      * Cakes
      * Cookies
      * Desserts
      * Pie Maker
      * Savoury Pies
    * Cuisine
      * American
      * Asian
      * Australian
      * French
      * Italian
      * Japanese
      * Mexican
      * Middle Eastern
      * Scandinavian
      * Swiss
      * Vietnamese
    * Meal
      * Appetizer
      * Breakfast
      * Chicken
      * Condiment
      * Dinner
      * Drinks
      * Easy Dinner Recipes
      * Instant Pot
      * Lunch
      * Morning & Afternoon Tea
      * Pasta
      * Soup
    * Holidays and Parties
      * Birthdays
      * Chinese New Year
      * Christmas
      * Easter
      * Halloween
      * New Year
      * Parties
    * Special Diet
      * Dairy-Free
      * Gluten-Free
      * Keto
      * Low Carb
      * Paleo
      * Sugar-Free
      * Vegetarian
      * Whole30
  * Conversion Chart
  * About
  * Legal

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

Display Search Bar

Home » Cuisine » Asian » Sticky Pork Bao Buns

# Sticky Pork Bao Buns

Published: 22 May 2019 Last Updated: 3 May 2022

Jump to Recipe*Print Recipe

  *   *   *   * 

_Delicious Sticky Pork Bao Buns with Quick Pickled Carrots and Quick Pickled
Cucumbers. Perfect as a snack or a tasty meal. Recipe with **step-by-step
photos**._

## Steamed Buns

If you have been following me on my Instagram Stories, you may have noticed
that I like to make homemade steamed buns for dinner … quite often!

When my children start to complain that they are eating too much rice or too
many noodles, I know that it is time to start changing things up a bit, and
**bao buns** can be a good alternative for many Asian dishes.

## Sticky Pork Bao Buns

I love to make Chinese Barbecue Pork (Char Siu Pork) when we have visitors,
but also sometimes for a comforting mid-week meal.

And for my take on David Chang's pork belly buns (of Momufuku fame), I like to
simply stuff the bao buns with slices of char siu pork, accompanied with some
quick pickled cucumbers and carrots, and garnished with spring onions
(scallions) and coriander (cilantro).

It's sort of a short cut on a traditional **Steamed Pork Bun** ( **char siu
bao** ), but with fresher ingredients and fresher flavours.

If you are making all of the components from scratch on the same day, you will
need to be quite organised, but your friends and family will definitely be in
for a treat!

But if you have a Chinatown nearby with ready access to shop-bought steamed
buns and char siu pork, these Sticky Pork Bao Buns can be prepared within
minutes.

## How to Make Steamed Bao Buns

Most Asian grocers stock plain steamed bao buns in the freezer section, which
means that you can be minutes away from a delicious meal at any time.

But if ready-made steamed buns are not available where you live, or you happen
to love a spot of bread-making, I have an easy recipe for bao buns which you
can make from scratch. The results are perfectly soft and fluffy bao buns -
you might never buy them from the shops again!

Click here for my recipe for bao buns with step-by-step photos.

## How to Make Chinese Barbecue Pork (Char Siu Pork)

Like for the steamed buns, if you have close access to a Chinatown, you will
probably also be able to buy char siu pork from a good Chinese takeaway.

But making your own char siu pork is actually quite easy, and whenever I make
Chinese Barbecue Pork, I often make a double batch as the leftovers can be
used in so many different ways. Any leftover char siu pork can be wrapped in
foil and reheated in the oven.

Click here for my recipe for char siu pork with step-by-step photos.

## How to Make Quick Pickled Carrots

Asian cuisine is often about balancing flavours, namely sweet, salty and sour
elements.

Pickled carrots are commonly used in Vietnamese cuisine to add a sour element
and to balance any salty flavours. They also add a nice crunchy texture.

You will often find pickled carrots served in a Vietnamese Banh Mi, or even as
a substantial garnish to Vietnamese Grilled Pork Chops.

A traditional pickling liquid requires at least overnight to work its magic,
but when time is short, I like to make Quick Pickled Carrots. For this, I find
a **2:1 ratio of vinegar to sugar** just right for my tastes, but you can
adjust the ratio to your own liking.

The carrots should be cut into thin matchsticks (or "julienned"), and this is
easiest done using either a mandoline slicer or with a julienne peeler.

## How to Make Quick Picked Cucumbers

Similar to the Quick Pickled Carrots, I also like to use a **2:1 ratio of
vinegar to sugar** , but you can adjust the quantities to your liking.

Quick Pickled Cucumbers add a nice crunch and sourness to the soft bao buns.

If you are really pushed for time, you could skip the pickling altogether - my
children love fresh cucumbers and I serve a generous quantity for them to
munch on alongside the bao buns.

## More Asian Recipes

If you are looking for more Asian recipes, you might also like:

Asian Braised Beef Short Ribs

Chinese Barbecue Pork (Char Siu Pork)

Pickled Chillies

Steamed Bao Buns  

Print

## Sticky Pork Bao Buns

★★★★★

5 from 4 reviews

  * **Author:** Thanh | Eat, Little Bird
  * **Prep Time:** 30 mins
  * **Cook Time:** 15 mins
  * **Total Time:** 45 minutes
  * **Yield:** Serves 3 to 4
  * **Category:** Dinner
  * **Method:** Stove Top
  * **Cuisine:** Chinese

_Delicious Sticky Pork Bao Buns with Quick Pickled Carrots and Quick Pickled
Cucumbers. Perfect as a snack or a tasty meal._

Print

Pin Recipe

Rate

### Ingredients

**For the Quick Pickled Cucumber**

  * 2 tablespoons sugar
  * 4 tablespoons white wine vinegar
  * 1 large cucumber, finely sliced

**For the Quick Pickled Carrots**

  * 2 tablespoons sugar
  * 4 tablespoons white wine vinegar
  * 2 large carrots, julienned

**For the Spicy Hoisin Sauce**

  * 8 tablespoons hoisin sauce
  * 4 tablespoons Sriracha sauce (or to taste)

**To Serve**

  * 12 plain bao buns (ready-made or frozen, or see my recipe for Steamed Bao Buns)
  * 500 g (1 lb) Chinese barbecue pork or char siu pork (shop-bought, or see my recipe for Chinese Barbecue Pork)
  * spring onions (scallions), cut into short lengths
  * coriander (cilantro), cut into short lengths or finely chopped
  * Pickled Chillies

### Instructions

**For the Quick Pickled Cucumber**

  1. Dissolve the sugar in the vinegar in a bowl.
  2. Finely slice the cucumber, either using a sharp knife or a mandoline slicer.
  3. Mix the cucumber through the pickling liquid.
  4. Set aside for at least 10 minutes.
  5. Just before serving, drain the pickling liquid and gently squeeze the cucumbers to release any excess liquid.

**For the Quick Pickled Carrots**

  1. Dissolve the sugar in the vinegar in a bowl.
  2. Julienne the carrots, either using a sharp knife, mandoline slicer or julienne peeler.
  3. Mix the carrots through the pickling liquid.
  4. Set aside for at least 10 minutes.
  5. Just before serving, drain the pickling liquid and gently squeeze the carrots to release any excess liquid.

**For the Spicy Hoisin Sauce**

  1. In a small saucepan, mix the hoisin sauce and Sriracha sauce together.
  2. Heat gently over **medium heat** until it has warmed through.
  3. Serve the sauce warm.

**For the Steamed Bao Buns**

  1. To make your own homemade Steamed Bao Buns, please see my recipe for bao buns with step-by-step photos.
  2. The bao buns need **10-12 minutes** to steam, so I recommend steaming the bao buns (homemade or frozen) just before serving.
  3. Allow about **3 buns per person** as a main meal.

**For the Chinese Barbecue Pork**

  1. The pork should be served warm, so reheat the pork as necessary. I generally wrap the work in foil and reheat in a hot oven.
  2. Thinly slice the pork, allowing about **3-5 slices per bun**.

**To Assemble the Spicy Pork Bao Buns**

  1. Split open the freshly steamed bao buns.
  2. Spread both sides of the bun with the Spicy Hoisin Sauce.
  3. Layer some slices of Chinese Barbecue Pork inside the bun.
  4. Top with some slices of Quick Pickled Cucumbers and some Quick Pickled Carrots.
  5. Garnish with spring onions (scallions), coriander (cilantro) and Pickled Chillies (optional).
  6. Serve immediately.

### Kitchen Notes

**CONVERSIONS** To convert from cups to grams, and vice-versa, please see this
handy Conversion Chart for Basic Ingredients.

### Did you make this recipe?

Please leave a comment below and share your photos by tagging @eatlittlebird
on Instagram and using #eatlittlebird

## #eatlittlebird

Labels: Asian, Chinese New Year, DinnerTags: carrots, cucumber, popular, pork

#### Shop this recipe

Get the  by email:

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe rating _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

By submitting your comment or message, you agree to share your personal data.
To find out what personal data we collect and how we use it, please read our
Privacy Policy for more details.

##  7 comments

  1. The-FoodTrotter 19 June 2019

This recipe is absolutely mouthwatering! I need to try! Everything is great:
the bao, the pork, the salads!

Reply

* * *

    * Eat, Little Bird 19 July 2019

I hope you will enjoy these pork bao buns!

Reply

* * *

  2. Madeleine 16 January 2020

Great recipe! I made this using frozen bao buns and char siu pork from
Chinatown, but I can’t wait to try your recipe to make them both from scratch!
The sauce was spot on, as were the pickled vegetables. I had never pickled
carrots and cucumbers before but it was so easy! Definitely making again.

★★★★★

Reply

* * *

    * Eat, Little Bird 21 January 2020

Hi Madeleine,  
Great to hear that you enjoyed this recipe!

Reply

* * *

  3. Mark 14 April 2022

Amazing recipe! I made everything the same day which was a bit of work but
everything turned out perfectly. The effort was totally worth it.

★★★★★

Reply

* * *

  4. Steven 12 May 2022

I cheated and bought frozen bao buns, but I made everything else, including
the char siu pork. Everything tasted amazing together, especially the sauce
and the pickled cucumbers. Ok, next time, I will definitely try to make the
bao buns too!

★★★★★

Reply

* * *

  5. Jenny 18 May 2022

Absolutely delicious! I made your bao bun recipe but bought the char siu pork
from our favorite Chinese restaurant. Everything was just amazing together,
especially the pickled cucumbers. Just yum!!

★★★★★

Reply

* * *

**Hello** , my name is Thanh!  
I'm an Aussie living in Switzerland and I love to cook **fast and easy** meals
for my family, using **fresh and seasonal ingredients**. Here you will find
easy & delicious recipes with **step-by-step photos** for the perfect results.
Happy cooking!  
**More about me ...**

### Latest Recipes

  * #### Satay Chicken Stir Fry

10 July 2022

  * #### Japanese Milk Buns

21 June 2022

  * #### BBQ Chicken Pizza

8 June 2022

  * #### Orange Marmalade

2 June 2022

  * #### Chelsea Buns

1 June 2022

### Popular Recipes

  * #### Easy Cornbread

7 April 2020

  * #### Bircher Muesli - The Original Overnight Oats Recipe

29 May 2019

  * #### Sticky Pork Bao Buns

22 May 2019

  * #### Creamy Tarragon Chicken

12 March 2019

  * #### Plain Scones

18 February 2019

Get the  by email:

_Eat, Little Bird_ is a registered trademark. All photographs, recipes and
text on this website are subject to copyright © Thanh Berthou 2011-2021,
unless otherwise indicated. All rights reserved. Disclosure Statement |
Privacy Policy

__

__

__

  * Recipes __ __
    * Baking __ __
      * Bread
      * Bundt Cakes
      * Cakes
      * Cookies
      * Desserts
      * Pie Maker
      * Savoury Pies
      *  __Back
    * Cuisine __ __
      * American
      * Asian
      * Australian
      * French
      * Italian
      * Japanese
      * Mexican
      * Middle Eastern
      * Scandinavian
      * Swiss
      * Vietnamese
      *  __Back
    * Meal __ __
      * Appetizer
      * Breakfast
      * Chicken
      * Condiment
      * Dinner
      * Easy Dinner Recipes
      * Instant Pot
      * Lunch
      * Morning & Afternoon Tea
      * Pasta
      * Soup
      *  __Back
    * Holidays and Parties __ __
      * Birthdays
      * Chinese New Year
      * Christmas
      * Easter
      * Halloween
      * New Year
      * Parties
      *  __Back
    * Special Diet __ __
      * Dairy-Free
      * Gluten-Free
      * Keto
      * Low Carb
      * Paleo
      * Sugar-Free
      * Vegetarian
      * Whole30
      *  __Back
    * __Back
  * Travel __ __
    * All Travel Guides
    * France
    * Sweden
    * Switzerland
    * United Kingdom
    * United States
    *  __Back
  * Work With Me
  * Conversion Chart
  * Legal Information
  * About

  * Email
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

  *   *   *   * 

