https://www.hungryhuy.com/char-siu-bao/


Subscribe

Subscribe

  * Search for:

  * Vietnamese Recipes
    * All Vietnamese Recipes
    * Vietnamese Appetizers
    * Vietnamese Main Dishes
    * Vietnamese Soups
    * Vietnamese Salads
    * Vietnamese Desserts
  * Meal Type
    * Main Dish Recipes
    * Side Dishes
    * Breakfast
    * Beverages
    * Baking
    * Desserts
    * Dipping Sauces & Condiments
  * By Nationality
    * Vietnamese Food & Recipes
    * Filipino Food & Recipes
    * Japanese Food & Recipes
    * Chinese Food & Recipes
    * Korean Food & Recipes
  * Guides
    * Ingredient Guide
    * Kitchen Guide
  * Kitchen Product Reviews
  * Recipe Index
  * About Me
  * Privacy

Hungry Huy

# Char Siu Bao (Steamed BBQ Pork Buns)

Huy Vu Updated 4/1/22 Jump to Recipe

Fluffy steamed buns filled with a savory, and slightly sweet and oozing char
siu pork filling-it’s everything you would want from char siu bao and brings
back memories of my dad buying these little pieces of heaven for me as a kid
along with the Filipino version, siopao asado.

These steamed pork buns are not only a popular dim sum favorite, but they’re
also great for making ahead of time, freezing, and reheating them in the
microwave when you need an on the go snack! This recipe gives you step by step
instructions on how to do this at home.

## Making the dough

Char siu bao is a type of baozi (which are filled buns) that are steamed with
a fluffy and soft white outer layer. Its dough is very similar dough to
steamed bao buns (or lotus leaf buns). Baozi is not to be confused with
mantou, which are non-filled steamed buns. This bao wrapper is the first step
to creating these delicious buns!

Before you start anything, you want to sift the all purpose flour, cornstarch,
and baking powder together to make sure you have no lumps when forming the
dough. Place the mixture directly into a stand up mixer with the dough hook
attachment and add the sugar and instant active yeast. Since I’m using instant
yeast, I don’t have to wait to bloom the yeast. To test if your yeast is still
good, follow this process from King Arthur Flour.

Turn the stand up mixer to low and gradually add the water and vegetable oil
to the bowl as the dough hook mixes the ingredients. Continue to mix on low
until all the ingredients are combined and the dough pulls away from the
sides. Mix for about eight minutes total or until the dough is smooth. If your
dough is too wet and is not pulling into a round shape in the mixer, add one
tablespoon of all purpose flour at a time until you get the right consistency.

Once your dough is nice and smooth, remove it from the bowl and shape it into
a ball. Lightly grease the inside of your mixing bowl with about one teaspoon
of neutral oil so it doesn’t stick and place the dough back in and cover with
a damp towel. Place the dough to proof near a warm (at least 75 °F) windowsill
for at least two hours.

## How to make the char siu filling

To make the char siu filling, first, you need to get your hands on char siu,
which is Chinese roasted pork that you can find at your local Chinese
restaurant or even grocery store. For this recipe, we made char siu from
scratch using my recipe.

Making the filling is super easy! Chop your char siu into small pieces, about
three millimeters cubes per piece. In a saucepan over medium-high heat,
combine the oyster sauce, light soy sauce, dark soy sauce, sugar, five-spice,
garlic, and sesame oil. Add the cornstarch and water mixture to the saucepan.
When it reaches a boil, lower the heat to medium and continue to cook for
about two minutes or until the sauce is the same consistency as honey.

Then, add the char siu pieces and cook for one minute. Note: this filling
shouldn't be too liquidy. Remove the filling from the heat and leave this to
rest while you finish making the bao buns. You want to chill the sauce before
adding them into the dough because you’ll end up with a sticky mess if it’s
not cooled properly.

## How to assemble and wrap the buns

Now that you have your sweet char siu filling, you can finish making your
buns! After two hours of proofing, your dough should be at least double the
size it was previously. Remove it from the bowl and place it onto a floured
surface.

Knead your dough using the heel of your hand for about one minute until your
dough is smooth, shape it into a circle, and then weigh your dough. I like to
weigh my dough and divide by 24 so I can cut and shape each piece evenly. Each
of my pieces are roughly 60-62 grams per piece.

Use your hands to shape the dough into about a three inch thick log. Cut one
piece of dough and weigh it to make sure it’s evenly proportioned. Using a
rolling pin on a floured surface, take one piece of dough and roll it into
about a three inch diameter circle.

Then, roll out the edges of the circle so that the edges are thinner than the
middle section. The thin edges help with pleating the bao, and so you have an
even amount of dough above and below the filling. Repeat this with the other
cut pieces and log of dough.

While there are different ways to fold your bao, I like to make a swirl on top
because it’s more pleasing to the eye! It definitely takes a bit of practice,
but once you get the hang of it, it’s easier to do. Place your wrapper in the
palm of your non-dominant hand (mine is my left) and put about two tablespoons
of char siu filling in the middle.

With your dominant hand, begin to fold the outside edges of the dough with
your pointer finger and thumb. This should start to look like pleating around
the filling. You can use the index finger and pointer finger of your non-
dominant hand to guide more dough into the pleating.

Continue to pleat in a circle until you reach your first fold and then close
your dough by pinching-you may have to reshape it a bit to maintain the swirl
design. Repeat with the rest of the baos.

After you’ve finished wrapping all your baos, cover them with a damp towel and
let them proof once more for about ten to 15 minutes. This gets your baos nice
and plump before steaming!

## How to steam the buns

Line your bamboo steamer with parchment paper or even lettuce to make sure the
bao does not stick to the steamer and get damaged. Fill your pot with about
one and a half inches of water (you want to make sure that the water is not
touching your steamer) and place your steamer on top to preheat the steamer
before adding in your bao.

Follow these guidelines for steaming your bao:

  * Preheat your steamer for proper cooking timing. I cook the bao for about ten minutes per session and this results in fluffy and soft bao. 
  * Make sure you leave space in between each bao because they will grow a bit inside the steamer. I leave about one inch in between each bao. 
  * Check the water levels of your pot as it steams, and be ready to add more when it drops because you don’t want to lose steam when cooking. It’s also helpful not to use a non-stick pot in case you do lose heat and ruin the coating on your pan. 
  * It might seem tempting, but try not to open the lid while cooking the bao. This could change the way the buns cook and you end up losing steam. 

## Servings and freezing

Serve these little babies as soon as possible to get an ample amount of fluffy
goodness. If you do have extra on hand, I like to freeze them in an airtight
container and save them for later.

I like eating bao best with other dim sum sides like chicken feet, cheung fun,
pork and shrimp shumai, egg tarts, Chinese broccoli and oyster sauce, and xiao
long bao.

## How do you reheat steamed pork buns?

To reheat steamed pork buns, wet a paper towel where it’s almost soaking, but
not dripping, and wrap the bun in the towel. Microwave in 30 second intervals
until you get a warm and soft pork bun. The towel imitates a similar steaming
method in the microwave and should add moisture to the cold and dry bun
surface.

## Tips

Some tips I’ve learned about making char siu bao to help you:

  * Before you proof your dough, make sure to knead your dough until it’s smooth and pliable. The dough should be tacky, but not sticky or overly wet when you touch it. If you don’t knead your dough enough, your bao will come out lumpy and not as fluffy when you steam it. 
  * Although adding vegetable oil seems weird, I found that it helped get my dough to be super plump and fluffy. Definitely don’t skip out on this step. 
  * Weighing out and measuring each piece of your dough is helpful because you can make sure all your baos are even. 
  * After cutting pieces of the dough for wrapping, keep them covered under a towel to make sure they don’t dry out while I am wrapping bao. 
  * After you make your dough and proof it, don’t wait too long to make your bao. Your dough will continue to proof because it has active yeast in it. This could change the texture of your dough when you steam it. 
  * Proofing the bao for a second time AFTER wrapping them really helped plump up my bao. I definitely recommend this step. When I skipped proofing, the bao didn’t get as fluffy.

## Char Siu Bao - Steamed BBQ Pork Buns

5 from 11 votes

This plump and fluffy dumplings are super delicious and filled with a rich
roasted pork filling. You can make plenty at home and freeze for future on the
go snacks!

PRINT PIN

BY: Huy Vu

Prep: 20 mins

Cook: 30 mins

Proofing: 2 hrs

Total: 2 hrs 50 mins

SERVINGS: 16 dumplings

### Ingredients

#### Dough

  * ▢ 470 g (3 ¾ c and 3 tbsp) all purpose flour
  * ▢ 100 g (12 ½ tbsp) cornstarch
  * ▢ 10 g (2 tsp) baking powder
  * ▢ 6 g (2 tsp) instant active yeast
  * ▢ 100 g (½ c) sugar
  * ▢ 9 fl oz (18 tbsp) water
  * ▢ 2 fl oz (2 tbsp) vegetable oil plus a little extra for greasing the mixing bowl

#### Filling

  * ▢ 1 lb char siu chopped into small pieces
  * ▢ 1 fl oz (2 tbsp) oyster sauce
  * ▢ ½ fl oz (1 tbsp) light soy sauce
  * ▢ ½ fl oz (1 tbsp) dark soy sauce
  * ▢ 16 g (4 tsp) sugar
  * ▢ .25 g (⅛ tsp) five spice
  * ▢ 2 clove garlic minced
  * ▢ 2 tsp sesame oil
  * ▢ .67 g (1 tsp) cornstarch
  * ▢ 2 fl oz (4 tbsp) water

### Instructions

#### Dough

  * Sift cornstarch, baking powder, and flour together, then add to your stand mixer with the dough hook attachment. Add sugar and instant active yeast and turn the mixer onto stir. 

  * Turn the stand mixer on low and slowly add the water and vegetable oil. Continue to mix the mixture for about eight minutes until the dough is released from the sides and is smooth.

  * Remove, take off from the bowl, shape the dough into a ball. 

  * Lightly grease the inside of the mixing bowl with one teaspoon of neutral oil and place the dough back into the bowl. Cover with a damp towel and leave it to proof for at least two hours near a warm windowsill. 

#### Filling

  * Chop your char siu into small pieces about three millimeters.

  * In a saucepan, add the oyster sauce, light soy sauce, dark soy sauce, sugar, five spice, garlic, and sesame oil and mix thoroughly. Cook this on medium-high heat.

  * Mix the cornstarch and water in a separate bowl and add into the saucepan. When the mixture reaches a boil, lower to medium heat and continue to cook for another two minutes or until the consistency is similar to molasses.

  * Add the char siu pieces to the pan and cook for an additional minute. 

  * Remove the char siu filling from the heat and allow it to rest on the counter. 

#### Assembly and steaming

  * After two hours of proofing, your dough should have doubled in size. Move the dough onto a floured surface and lightly knead the dough with the heel of your hand for about one minute until it’s smooth and shape into a ball. 

  * Weigh the dough and divide that weight by 16, for our dough, we averaged about 60-62 grams per piece. Shape the dough into a log and use a knife to cut pieces of dough and then weigh them to make sure all the pieces are about the same weight.

  * Take one piece and use a rolling pin to roll it out into a three inch diameter circle. If necessarily, sprinkle flour on the surface to prevent sticking. Then, use your rolling pin to thin out the edges of the circle while keeping the middle section the same thickness. Your dough should be the size of about 3 ½ to 4 inches now. 

  * Add two tablespoons of char siu filling in the middle of the circle. 

  * To fold, hold your wrapper filled with meat on your non-dominant hand. With your dominant hand, take your thumb and pointer finger and begin to fold the edges around the meat. This should look like pleating. I like to use my non-dominant hand’s pointer and index finger to guide more dough into the pleating. Continue to pleat in a circle until you reach the first pleat and close off the entire top with a pinch. The bao should have a swirl pattern on the top. Repeat with the rest of the baos.

  * Before steaming, cover the wrapped bao with the same damp cloth from before and proof again for about ten to 15 minutes. 

  * Line your steamer with parchment paper or lettuce. 

  * Add about one and a half inches of water in your pot, but not too much that it’s touching your steamer. Preheat your steamer before adding the bao for about two minutes.

  * Add your bao into the steamer and leave space between each bao. 

  * Steam the bao for about ten minutes and do not remove the lid during this time. 

  * After they’re finished, remove the bao from the steamer and serve immediately.

### Notes

You can freeze the cooked bao once it has cooled, in an airtight container. To
reheat frozen bao, wet a paper towel and cover the bao. Microwave the bao in
30 second intervals until the bao is fluffy and hot.

### Nutrition Facts

Calories: 224.6kcal | Carbohydrates: 33.5g | Protein: 9.7g | Fat: 5.5g |
Saturated Fat: 3.3g | Cholesterol: 17.9mg | Sodium: 206.8mg | Potassium:
143.4mg | Fiber: 0.9g | Sugar: 4.3g | Vitamin C: 0.1mg | Calcium: 43.9mg |
Iron: 1.7mg

Course: Appetizer

Cuisine: Chinese

Keyword: char siu bao, steamed dumpling

Did you cook this recipe?Tag @HungryHuy or #hungryhuy-I'd love to see it!

### Like this recipe? Subscribe to my newsletter!

SIGN ME UP!  

### Related Posts

Soup Dumplings (Chinese Xiao Long Bao)

Pork and Shrimp Shumai Recipe

Mantou Recipe (Chinese Steamed Buns)

Siopao Asado (Filipino Steamed Pork Buns)

Leche Flan Recipe (Classic Filipino Style Crème Caramel)

Pâté Chaud Recipe (Patê Sô / Vietnamese Meat Pastries)

##  2 comments on "Char Siu Bao (Steamed BBQ Pork Buns)"

  1. **ann** says:

Hello Huy, I just came across your site and loving it!  
Do you use warm water or room temp water is ok? Also, can I replace milk for
the water.  
Looking forward to trying out more of your recipes!

Reply

    1. **Hungry Huy** says:

Hey Ann, room temp water is ok! I haven't tried using milk instead of water
but you probably can and it would be fine. I'd just slowly add it to see if
the texture is ok, adding more if needed.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Yes, I'd like to get updates by e-mail from Hungry Huy!

I'm Huy! I share Vietnamese, Filipino, Chinese, and many other tasty recipes.
I'm here to help, so leave a comment with any questions! About Me

Popular Posts

24 Best Vietnamese Food Dishes To Try

Authentic Chicken Phở (Phở Gà)

Vietnamese Coffee

Vietnamese Sandwich (Bánh Mì)

Bún Bò Huế – Spicy Beef & Pork Soup

Bánh Xèo – Savory Vietnamese Crêpes

Vietnamese Grilled Pork & Noodles

Sesame Balls (Bánh Cam)

Vietnamese Braised Catfish (Cá Kho Tộ)

Vietnamese Egg Rolls

### Get Hungry Huy recipes in your inbox!

Sign ME Up!

Hungry for more?

Sign up for our weekly newsletter and never miss another recipe!

Sign ME Up!

SIGN ME UP!  

  * Recipe Index
  * About

Privacy Policy. Copyright © 2022 Hungry Huy. All rights reserved.

Subscribe ****

Get weekly recipe updates  
sent to your inbox!

sign me up!

x

Subscribe

Get weekly recipe updates  
sent to your inbox!

Sign ME Up!

x

