https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/7097/chinese-pork-buns-cha-siu-bao/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Bread
  4. Yeast Bread Recipes
  5. Chinese Pork Buns (Cha Siu Bao)

# Chinese Pork Buns (Cha Siu Bao)

Rating: 4 stars 4

32 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 10 
  * 4 star values: 17 
  * 3 star values: 2 
  * 2 star values: 2 
  * 1 star values: 1 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 32 Ratings 
  * 25 Reviews 
  * 4 Photos 

You may find these buns in the local Chinese restaurants. They do take time to
make but they are yummy!

Recipe by Michelle Chen

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Chinese Pork Buns (Cha Siu Bao)

Add Photo

Chinese Pork Buns (Cha Siu Bao) Elisa

Chinese Pork Buns (Cha Siu Bao) Serena

Chinese Pork Buns (Cha Siu Bao) Elizabeth Ball Crawford

Chinese Pork Buns (Cha Siu Bao) James Chia

## Recipe Summary

Servings:

24

Yield:

24 buns

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

24

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 24 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 6 cups all-purpose flour 
  * ¼ cup white sugar 
  * 1 ¾ cups warm water (110 degrees F/45 degrees C) 
  * 1 tablespoon active dry yeast 
  * 1 tablespoon baking powder 
  * 2 tablespoons shortening 
  * 1 pound finely chopped pork 
  * 1 ½ tablespoons light soy sauce 
  * 1 ½ tablespoons hoisin sauce 
  * 1 teaspoon soy sauce 
  * 1 ½ tablespoons white sugar 
  * 1 ½ tablespoons soy sauce 
  * 1 ½ tablespoons oyster sauce 
  * 1 cup water 
  * 2 tablespoons cornstarch 
  * 2 ½ tablespoons water 
  * 2 tablespoons shortening 
  * 1 ½ teaspoons sesame oil 
  * ¼ teaspoon ground white pepper 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Dissolve 1/4 cup sugar in 1 3/4 cups warm water, and then add the yeast. Let
stand for 10 minutes, or until mixture is frothy. Sift the flour and baking
powder into a large bowl. Stir in 2 tablespoons shortening and the yeast
mixture; mix well.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Knead the dough until smooth and elastic. Place the dough in a greased bowl,
and cover it with a sheet of cling wrap. Let the dough rise in a warm place
for about 2 hours, or until it has tripled in bulk.

  * Step 3

Cut the pork into 2 inch thick strips. Use fork to prick it all over. Marinate
for 5 hours in a mixture made with 1 1/2 tablespoons light soy sauce, 1 1/2
tablespoons hoisin sauce, and 1 teaspoon sweet soy sauce. Grill the pork until
cooked and charred. Cut roasted port into 1/2 inch cubes.

  * Step 4

Combine 1 1/2 tablespoons sugar, 1 1/2 tablespoons soy sauce, oyster sauce,
and 1 cup water in a saucepan. Bring to the boil. Mix cornstarch with 2 1/2
tablespoons water; add to the saucepan, and stir until thickened. Mix in 2
tablespoons lard or shortening, sesame oil, and white pepper. Cool, and mix in
the roasted pork.

  * Step 5

Remove the dough from the bowl, and knead it on a lightly floured surface
until it is smooth and elastic. Roll the dough into a long roll, and divide it
into 24 pieces. Flatten each piece with the palm of the hand to form a thin
circle. The center of the circle should be thicker than the edge. Place one
portion of the pork filling in the center of each dough circle. Wrap the dough
to enclose the filling. Pinch edges to form the bun. Let the buns stand for 10
minutes.

  * Step 6

Steam buns for 12 minutes. Serve.

I Made It  Print

##  Note

Hoisin sauce, also called Peking sauce, is a thick, reddish-brown sauce that
is sweet and spicy, and widely used in Chinese cooking. It's a mixture of
soybeans, garlic, chile peppers and various spices. It can be found in Asian
markets and many large supermarkets. Look in the Asian or ethnic section. If
this item is not in stock at your local store, ask your grocer to special
order it for you. Most grocers will be happy to do this for their customers.

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

191 calories; protein 7.3g; carbohydrates 28.3g; fat 5.2g; cholesterol 11.9mg;
sodium 196.3mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (25)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

KICKCHICK99

Rating: 4 stars

10/09/2000

The filling was good but doesn't quite capture the same flavor as restaurant
char siu buns. But still a hit among family and friends.

Read More

Helpful (49)

### Most helpful critical review

LONBINDER

Rating: 2 stars

10/13/2003

The dough recipe was perfect, albeit very large. The stuffing however was
pretty bad. I have made quite a few chinese dishes and this had the worst
flavor. It needs to be sweeter and more vibrant. Next time I will use less
oyster sauce and add honey and ginger.

Read More

Helpful (46)

32 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 10 
  * 4 star values: 17 
  * 3 star values: 2 
  * 2 star values: 2 
  * 1 star values: 1 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

KICKCHICK99

Rating: 4 stars

10/09/2000

The filling was good but doesn't quite capture the same flavor as restaurant
char siu buns. But still a hit among family and friends.

LONBINDER

Rating: 2 stars

10/13/2003

The dough recipe was perfect, albeit very large. The stuffing however was
pretty bad. I have made quite a few chinese dishes and this had the worst
flavor. It needs to be sweeter and more vibrant. Next time I will use less
oyster sauce and add honey and ginger.

Ashley Lanum Lee

Rating: 5 stars

06/14/2003

I was really nervous making baos for the first time for my husband who comes
from a chinese family, but they all loved them and my husband couldnt get
enough of them. He said that they are better than at the chinese store.

Audrey

Rating: 2 stars

02/19/2004

I only made the bun portion of this recipe. I tried it twice and both times
the dough came out crumbly and dry. The buns turned out so-so, not very moist
and kind of dense. I had much better results with the Chinese Steamed Buns
recipe which required more steps. I will not be using this recipe again.

Em

Rating: 5 stars

08/29/2010

The taste was wonderful. In the recipe it says finely chopped pork, but the
directions say to cut into 1/2 cubes. I think it would be best if the pork is
shredded and a little more than 1 pound for 24, maybe 1 1/2 lb.

Courtnes

Rating: 5 stars

07/21/2010

These are wonderful. I make them all the time in big batches and freeze the
ones that we don't eat for dinner since they freeze really well and can just
be microwaved later.

damnchow

Rating: 4 stars

02/12/2008

I followed the recipe for the dough, but found it needed an extra 1/2 cup of
milk to really get it to the right consistency. As for the filling, I've
always added diced scallions, shallots, and garlic to my cha siu bau. This is
one of the few recipies that accurately calls for baking soda in the dough,
though, so I give it 4 stars.

Bette

Rating: 4 stars

12/06/2008

This recipe was very time consuming, but ultimately worth it. It made large,
plump buns that my family adored. I did add another 1/4 cup of water to the
dough, and I could have used almost twice the meat and sauce filling. I think
I'll make the dough sweeter next time. I will absolutely try this recipe
again.

Stangel Childe

Rating: 5 stars

02/16/2006

I loved these on their own, but I fried them on both sides to give a little
extra texture... Also, it seems a little easier if you marinate the pork
overnight.

Amber Dawn

Rating: 4 stars

06/02/2006

Very yummy and filling. Way better than just a dinner roll! found the bread
dough to dry. The second time we made the recipe we added more water to the
dough and made the buns 1/2 the size too be more like appitizers than big
buns.

trampjuice

Rating: 3 stars

09/11/2008

Not as good as the buns I made without baking powder, using yeast only. The
baking powder adds a chemical taste and makes them much less palatable. Reduce
the amount to 1/2 teaspoon IMO.

Scaevola

Rating: 4 stars

05/31/2010

The dough needs a little tweaking (more water). I kind of eyeball it and add
more. I also use a rolling pin to get the balls flatter so they can hold more
filling. Overall, this is an excellent recipe and I've made it repeatedly.
Also, raw bao freezes well (just steam them a little longer than usual)!

spaeron

Rating: 4 stars

04/26/2010

dough was really good but cut recipe it in half and kept serving @ 24 for less
doughy bun.skipped the marinating stage also substituted the hoisin with Major
Gray mango chutney and added arugula, garlic, ginger and Thai chili paste.
steam time aprox. 6 min. wife absolutely adores them.

DONNANDREW

Rating: 4 stars

04/30/2011

Good recipe.. my husband said they were a nice reminder of the buns he used to
have in our chinatown. Never made them, but pleasantly surprised..I also added
a bit of extra hoisin sauce to the pork mixture.. yum!

Sheri Hice

Rating: 1 stars

11/30/2008

no way to make this dough stretchy & pliable unless there is Maybe, a bread
machine. Had to toss about a cup of flour & hoping for the best of the 5 C
left.

Kirill_da_man

Rating: 4 stars

10/12/2007

Produced a great steamed bun. I didn't try the meat filling though.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

06/20/2006

I've tried a veggie version by replacing the cha siu by chinese marinated
eggs. Simply splendid.

rlkreif

Rating: 4 stars

01/01/2013

The bao dough was fantastic. The dough was a bit dry so I added an bit more
water. I wanted to make it similar to the whole wheat edamame at wow boa, so I
substituted one cup of AP flour for wheat and then added a tablespoon of agave
nectar. The filling included edamame, shrimp, ginger, lemon juice, garlic, and
scallions which turned out well.

sleeplesstoo

Rating: 4 stars

01/25/2014

Made this for the first time. The filling is a little different than what I am
used to but it was good. The dough was very tough and hard to work with. I
thought it was a little dry but I just added a little more water to the mix
and kneaded the best I could. Kitchen Aid was working too hard so I ended up
doing it manually. I was worried the dough was too heavy but it turned out
great!

Shernaz

Rating: 4 stars

08/19/2015

The filling was fantastic and very close to what you get in restaurants
however it was very less for the amount of bread so I had to make a second
batch again. Although the bread was very good somehow I did not get the same
fluffiness that the restaurant bread has. Mine had a skin on it and was
yellowish whereas in restaurants it is almost pure white and very fluffy.
Nevertheless a great hit.

bbq123

Rating: 5 stars

10/31/2020

I made these for a potluck, and had rave reviews from everyone!! I had many
requests for the recipe!

Rommie

Rating: 5 stars

11/16/2017

I made this Char siu bu (Chinese pork bun) for the Monk at the Temple, the bun
recipe was so excellent but the ingredients inside the bun i copied the
Pilipino recipe called Asado with soy beans, chopped cilantro & add a hard
boil egg,. this recipe is like they are all eating in heaven,...

Elisa

Rating: 5 stars

04/21/2018

Awsome! Added a little extra milk to dough to moisten it. Also added scallions
and garlic.

Christine M

Rating: 4 stars

05/21/2016

I make the dough from this recipe in the bread machine. I had a 1.5 lb bread
maker previously, and it would spill over the top. You need a 2 lb bread maker
or larger for this dough if you don't want to knead it by hand. I make the
filling with whatever leftover Asian pork leftovers we have laying around. And
sometimes other meats. I find the hoisin sauce too heavy in the original
recipe. So I use less if I'm going to use the author's spices. It's a great
basic recipe.

Barbara Walters

Rating: 5 stars

07/30/2018

The first time I made this, I was disappointed. The flavor wasn't there to
match the ones an Asian friend made. Then I discovered the error in the
ingredients list. The 1 tsp of soy sauce is supposed to be sweet soy sauce. I
found a recipe tho make my own, then found it in my local Asian market. WHAT A
DIFFERENCE! ! I make these 2 - 3 times a year and freeze them after steaming
since I'm the only one who eats them.

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Chinese Pork Buns (Cha Siu Bao)

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Chinese Pork Buns (Cha Siu Bao)

##  All Reviews for Chinese Pork Buns (Cha Siu Bao)

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Chinese Pork Buns (Cha Siu Bao)

Servings Per Recipe: 24  
Calories: 191.4  

% Daily Value *

protein:  7.3g  15 %

carbohydrates:  28.3g  9 %

dietary fiber:  1g  4 %

sugars:  3.3g

fat:  5.2g  8 %

saturated fat:  1.5g  7 %

cholesterol:  11.9mg  4 %

vitamin a iu:  1.4IU

niacin equivalents:  4.5mg  35 %

vitamin b6:  0.1mg  7 %

vitamin c:  0.1mg

folate:  69.7mcg  17 %

calcium:  43.1mg  4 %

iron:  1.8mg  10 %

magnesium:  12.7mg  5 %

potassium:  116.7mg  3 %

sodium:  196.3mg  8 %

thiamin:  0.4mg  43 %

calories from fat:  46.6

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Chinese Pork Buns (Cha Siu Bao)

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 25

Chinese Pork Buns (Cha Siu Bao)

1 of 4 Chinese Pork Buns (Cha Siu Bao)

Elisa

Chinese Pork Buns (Cha Siu Bao)

2 of 4 Chinese Pork Buns (Cha Siu Bao)

Serena

Chinese Pork Buns (Cha Siu Bao)

3 of 4 Chinese Pork Buns (Cha Siu Bao)

Elizabeth Ball Crawford

Chinese Pork Buns (Cha Siu Bao)

4 of 4 Chinese Pork Buns (Cha Siu Bao)

James Chia

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Chinese Pork Buns (Cha Siu Bao) to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Chinese Pork Buns (Cha Siu Bao)

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

