https://www.sbs.com.au/food/recipes/barbecue-pork-belly-steamed-buns-bao


Sign out

Sign in / Create an account

  * Who Do You Think You Are?
  * Voices
  * Indigenous
  * Census Explorer
  * COVID-19 in language

  * SBS HOME

  * On Demand

  * Guide
    * By Day

    * By Channel

    * By Genre

    * By Language

  * Radio
    * Radio Schedule

    * SBS Arabic24

    * SBS Chill

    * SBS PopAsia

    * SBS PopDesi

    * SBS Radio App

    * SBS Settlement Guide

    * Your Language

    * Radio Podcasts

  * Languages

  * News
    * Dateline

    * Insight

    * The Point

    * The Feed

    * NITV News

    * Small Business Secrets

  * Sport

  * Food

  * SBS Learn

Food

  * Food home
    * Pitch to us
  * Watch
    * SBS Food CH 33
    * Cook like an Italian with Silvia Colloca
    * Food Safari
    * Plat du Tour
    * The Cook Up with Adam Liaw
    * The Streets with Dan Hong
    * What's on TV
    * A-Z food programs
  * Cook
    * Recipe search
    * Recipe videos
    * This week's top picks
    * Bite-sized
    * Recipe index
  * Read
    * From the Food desk
    * Feels like home
    * Play with your food
    * Eat well
    * Feaster
    * Institutions
    * Be a better cook
    * Bite-sized
  * Win

Trending

a-peel-ing recipes

Baguette Studios

velveting meat

subscribe

strudel stories

cook Malaysian

Advanced search

Chinese

# Barbecue pork belly steamed buns (bao)

  * Barbecue pork belly steamed buns (bao) (China Squirrel)Source: China Squirrel

Previous Next Show Grid

  * 

  1. 

Previous Next Hide Grid

Image

1/

Video

Audio

This is a modern take on the classic yum cha snack - char siu bao or barbecue
pork steamed bun. This version has all the caramel, five-spice and soy sauce
flavours of traditional char sui but it's served in an open steamed bun.

Makes

8

###  Preparation

45min

###  Cooking

40min

###  Skill level

Mid

By

Noby Leong

Select ratingGive it 0.5/5Give it 1/5Give it 1.5/5Give it 2/5Give it 2.5/5Give
it 3/5Give it 3.5/5Give it 4/5Give it 4.5/5Give it 5/5

Average: 3.2 (286 votes)

Yum

###  Ingredients

**Steamed buns**

  * **1 tsp** instant yeast
  * **185 ml** (¾ cup) lukewarm water
  * **300 g** (2 cups) plain flour, plus extra for dusting.
  * **1 tsp** baking powder
  * **55 g** (¼ cup) caster sugar
  * **1** pinch salt
  * **2 tbsp** vegetable oil, for brushing 

**Barbecued pork belly**

  * **4** garlic cloves, finely chopped
  * **2 tbsp** honey
  * **2 tbsp** Shaoxing (Chinese rice) wine
  * **2 tbsp** soy sauce
  * **2 tbsp** oyster sauce
  * **2 tsp** cooking caramel (karamel masakan) (see Note)
  * **1 tsp** sesame oil
  * **4** cubes red fermented bean curd, crushed, with at least 2 tbsp liquor (see Note)
  * **1 tsp** ground white pepper
  * **2 tsp** five spice powder
  * **60 g** (⅓ cup lightly packed) soft brown sugar
  * **500 g** pork belly, rind on, cut into 6–8 cm thick strips
  * **1 cm** piece ginger, crushed
  * **2** star anise
  * **1** cinnamon stick 

**Pickled carrots**

  * **2** large carrots, julienned
  * **½ tsp** salt
  * **125 ml** (½ cup) rice vinegar
  * **125 ml** (½ cup) white vinegar
  * **110 g** (½ cup) white sugar 

**To serve**

  * **1** bunch perilla (shiso) leaves (see Note)
  * **1** long, red chilli, seeds removed (if hot) and thinly sliced

### Cook's notes

Oven temperatures are for conventional; if using fan-forced (convection),
reduce the temperature by 20˚C. | We use Australian tablespoons and cups: 1
teaspoon equals 5 ml; 1 tablespoon equals 20 ml; 1 cup equals 250 ml. | All
herbs are fresh (unless specified) and cups are lightly packed. | All
vegetables are medium size and peeled, unless specified. | All eggs are 55-60
g, unless specified.

### Instructions

**Proving time:** 1 hour 30 minutes

**Marinating time:** 1 hour

**For the steamed buns** , dissolve the yeast into 125 ml (½ cup) lukewarm
water and set aside for 5 minutes.

Sift the flour and baking powder into a large bowl. Add the sugar and salt and
mix well.

Make a well in the centre of the flour mixture. Slowly add the yeast mixture
into the well and mix until the flour becomes clumpy. Add the remaining 60 ml
(¼ cup) lukewarm water - you may not need to add all the water – until you can
form a ball of dough. Turn out and knead on a lightly floured surface for
10–15 minutes or the dough is smooth.

Place the dough in a clean bowl, cover with a kitchen towel, and leave in a
warm place until the dough has doubled in size (about 1 hour).

Cut the dough into 8 equal portions. Roll each portion into a ball. Using a
rolling pin, flatten each portion into a rough oval shape. Brush half of the
oval with the oil, then fold over the other half. Place the dough onto a
square of baking paper that is slightly larger in size than the dough. Repeat
with the remaining dough. Leave to prove for a further 30 minutes.

Place the buns and its baking paper, in batches if necessary, in a large
bamboo steamer and steam for 12 minutes. Serve immediately.

**For the barbecued pork belly** , combine all the ingredients, except the
pork belly, ginger, star anise and cinnamon, and mix well to make a marinade.
Place the pork belly in a bowl, pour over the marinade, stir to coat well and
marinate for at least 1 hour or preferably overnight.

Preheat the oven to 200°C.

Place the pork belly on a wire rack in a roasting tray, reserving the
marinade, and roast for 20 minutes. Remove the pork belly, baste with the
marinade and turn over. Return to the oven for another 20 minutes.

Remove the pork belly and place on a cooling rack or chopping board. Let it
rest for 10 minutes.

While the pork is resting, place the excess marinade in a saucepan over a
medium heat, add the ginger, star anise and cinnamon and cook, stirring
occasionally for 5 minutes or until the sauce has thickened. Transfer the
sauce to a bowl to serve.

When the pork has fully rested, cut into slices of desired thickness and
serve.

**For the pickled carrots** , combine the carrot and salt and leave let sit
for 15 minutes.

In a saucepan, combine the vinegars and sugar and heat until the sugar has
dissolved. Allow to cool, then pour over the carrot. Pickle for at least 1
hour before serving.

**To assemble the pork buns** , open the steamed bun in half and layer with
perilla leaves, pickled carrots, 3–4 pieces of pork belly, some barbecue sauce
and 1 – 2 slices of chilli.

**Cook's notes**

• Cooking caramel and red fermented beancurd are available from Chinese
grocers.

• Perilla (shiso) is available from Asian grocers and select greengrocers.

_Photography, styling and food preparation byChina Squirrel. _

_This recipe is fromThe Chefs' Line \- a brand new series airing weeknights at
6pm on SBS. Can the passion of a home cook beat the skills of a professional
chef? Missed all the action? Catch-up online and get all the recipes
#TheChefsLine._

_This recipe has been edited by SBS Food and may differ slightly from the
series._

Advertisement

Advertisement

## This week's top Food TV picks

CELEBS, FOOD, FUN

### Episode guide | The Cook Up with Adam Liaw S2 | Episodes 91 to 100

Adam Liaw continues to cook, laugh, and explore culture with some of
Australia's most beloved in The Cook Up With Adam Liaw S2.

SBS On Demand

### SBS On Demand

Watch all of Season 1 as Frank Pinello explores the incredible world of pizza
from Chicago's deep dish to the New York 'fold'.

next previous

## Newly added

Episode guide | The Cook Up with Adam Liaw S3 | Episodes 1 to 10

_2 days_ ago

Always burning cakes? Your oven is probably set wrong, so here's how to fix it

_2 days_ ago

Savour these juicy bone-in-fish tips and survival stories

_3 days_ ago

16 quick ways to use it up at home

_3 days_ ago

In Social

## Stay connected with Food

Stay connected with Food

## Vertical Tabs

Newsletter

Exclusive TV sneak peeks, recipes and competitions

Sign up now

Audio Track

Podcast

Listen now

RSS

RSS

Subscribe now

Stay connected with Food

Exclusive TV sneak peeks, recipes and competitions

Sign up now

Podcast

Listen now

RSS

Subscribe now

## In Social

Subscribe

Facebook

Follow

Twitter

49.9K

Follow

Instagram

Advertisement

Back to top

  * Copyright
  * Terms & Conditions
  * Privacy
  * Disclaimer
  * Your online preferences

  * Audience Technical Support
  * Complaints
  * Contact Us
  * Media Centre
  * SBS Codes of Practice
  * Freedom of Information
  * Public Interest Disclosure
  * Senate Order - Entity Contracts
  * Using this Website
  * Help

  * About SBS
  * Sales & Advertising
  * Careers

SBS acknowledges the Traditional Owners of Country throughout Australia.

####

x

##

