https://allwaysdelicious.com/char-siu-bao/


Skip to content

Menu

Menu

  * My Cookbooks
  * About
  * Contact
  * Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * Appetizer Recipes
    * Baking Recipes
    * Breakfast and Brunch
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Cooking for Two Recipes
    * Dessert Recipes
    * Fish and Seafood
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Jewish Recipes
    * Main Dish Recipes
    * Meat Recipes
    * Salad Recipes
    * Sauce Recipes
    * Side Dish Recipes
    * Soups and Stews
    * Vegetarian Recipes

Home » Main Dish Recipes » Char Siu Bao (Steamed BBQ Pork Buns)

# Char Siu Bao (Steamed BBQ Pork Buns)

June 30, 2022January 10, 2015 by Robin Donovan

6.6K shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe

Char siu bao, or steamed BBQ pork buns, are one of my favorite foods of all
time. Fluffy Chinese steamed buns or Mantou stuffed with sweet-savory Char Siu
pork filling are completely irresistible.

Apparently, I once had a lot more time than I do now. If memory serves me, I
once spent of spending countless hours in the kitchen. I happily infused oils,
kneaded dough, and hand-assembled fussy little morsels without a care.

Making dim sum from scratch was a favorite hobby. I tried my hand at every
sort of Chinese dumplings from deep-fried wontons to shrimp dumplings (har
gow) and Chinese buns like char siu bao. On a regular basis! Like I was
someone's Chinese grandma (well, without the decades of experience and skill!)

In need of some kitchen inspiration recently, I pulled out some of my old dim
sum recipes. But was instantly put off by how time-consuming they were.
Clearly, my life is different now. But I was for sure going to make _Char Siu
Bao_ for my family, so I had to find a quicker way.

## Is There an Easier Way to Make Cha Siu Bao Filling?

My Instant Pot Char Siu recipe makes a great bao filling. You could also use
diced Air Fryer Pork Belly.

The traditional filling—pork in a rich, salty-sweet sauce—requires an
overnight marinade and long, slow cooking on a barbecue.

Marinating was easy enough. I mixed up hoisin sauce and other seasonings,
tossed the meat in the mixture, and refrigerated it overnight. But there was
no way I was going to tend a barbecue all day.

Instead, I transferred the marinated meat to the Instant Pot and let it cook
for a good 90 minutes. The meat came out fork-tender and it even had those
delectable blackened bits in places where the meat was sticking out of the
liquid during cooking.

I highly recommend making this Instant Pot Char Siu for your next bun-making
day.

## How long does it take to make Chinese steamed buns?

Then there was the bun. My old standby steamed bun recipe required a 12- to
15-hour cold rise. I opted instead for a quick-rise recipe that included
baking powder. After some testing, I settled on a 1-hour countertop rise.

To simplify things even more, I made “fold-over” Chinese Steamed Buns or
Mantou—empty, taco-shaped buns ready to be stuffed at the table by diners.
These are cooked in bamboo steamers, which can be done while the meat is
cooking.

This saved me the effort of filling and forming each bun. It also meant I
could make the buns while the meat and sauce were finishing.

Start to finish, the active time for this Char Siu Bao recipe is less than 40
minutes. The 10 hours of marinating and 90 minutes of pressure cooking are
hands-free.

Is it worth it? Tooootallllly. Now if only I could get back all those wasted
hours of my youth.

## more chinese recipes you'll love

  * Crispy Chilli Beef
  * Char Siu
  * Char Siu Bao
  * Salt and Pepper Chicken
  * Har Gow Chinese Shrimp Dumplings
  * Singapore Noodles
  * Sesame Noodles
  * Pork Fried Rice
  * Szechuan Shrimp
  * Hoisin Spare Ribs
  * Chinese Dry Fried Green Beans
  * Vegetarian Dan Dan Noodles
  * Sesame Chicken
  * Kung Pao Chicken
  * Fried Wontons
  * Sweet and Sour Tofu
  * Mantou Chinese Steamed Buns

Continue to Content

Yield: Makes 8

## Char Siu Bao (Steamed BBQ Pork Buns)

Print

Adapted from _Asian Dumplings_ , by Andrea Nguyen. After multiple tests, I got
the best results using a stand mixer fitted with the dough hook to mix the bun
dough. Using a food processor will mix the dough a bit faster, but will likely
result in denser buns. You can also mix the dough by hand for good results.
Both slow cooker and Instant Pot instructions are listed below.

**Prep Time** 45 minutes

**Cook Time** 2 hours

**Additional Time** 1 hour

**Total Time** 3 hours 45 minutes

### Ingredients

#### For the filling

  * ¼ cup plus 2 tablespoons honey 
  * 4 1/2 tablespoons soy sauce 
  * 4 1/2 tablespoons hoisin sauce 
  * 3 tablespoons shaoxing or mirin rice wine 
  * 1 tablespoon sesame oil 
  * 4 cloves garlic, minced 
  * 3/4 teaspoon Chinese five-spice powder 
  * 2 ½ pounds boneless pork butt, trimmed and cut into 2-inch pieces 
  * 1 tablespoon cornstarch dissolved in 1 tablespoon water 

#### For the buns

  * 1 envelope (1 ½ teaspoons) active dry yeast 
  * ¾ cup warm tap water, plus additional as needed 
  * 2 tablespoons plus a pinch sugar, divided 
  * 2 tablespoons neutral flavored oil such as grapeseed, sunflower seed, or safflower, plus more for oiling the bowl 
  * 2 teaspoons baking powder 
  * 2 ½ cups (12 ½ ounces) all-purpose flour 

#### Optional garnishes

  * 4 scallions, thinly sliced 
  * Hot chili oil 

### Instructions

  1. To make the filling, combine the honey, soy sauce, hoisin sauce, rice wine, sesame oil, garlic, and five-spice powder in a large bowl and stir to combine well. Add the meat and toss to coat. Cover and refrigerate for at least 6 hours or overnight. 
  2. Transfer the meat to a slow cooker and cook on low for 10 hours or on high for 6 hours, or to a pressure cooker and cook for 90 minutes on high pressure and let the pressure release naturally. 
  3. When the meat is cooked, transfer it to a bowl using a slotted spoon. Spoon off excess oil from the sauce in the slow cooker or Instant Pot. If you have time, transfer the sauce to a glass container and chill it in the refrigerator or freezer to help the fat separate out of the sauce (cover and refrigerate the meat as well if it won't be served for more than 30 minutes.) Spoon off and discard the layer of fat that solidifies on the top. 
  4. Transfer the sauce to a saucepan or turn the Instant Pot on to saute. Bring to a boil. Let simmer for several minutes to reduce the sauce a bit. A few minutes before serving, add the cornstarch and water mixture to the boiling sauce and cook, stirring, until the sauce thickens, about 2 minutes. Add the reserved meat to the sauce and cook, stirring, until heated through.
  5. To make the buns, in a glass measuring cup with a spout, combine the ¾ cup warm water, yeast, and pinch of sugar. Stir to combine. Let sit for 10 minutes or so, until the mixture is frothy. Stir in 2 tablespoons oil.
  6. Combine the flour, baking powder, and the remaining 2 tablespoons of sugar in the bowl of a stand mixer, Cuisinart, or a large bowl and mix to combine. With the mixer running (or while stirring by hand) add the yeast mixture in a slow, steady stream, mixing until the dough comes together in a ragged ball. The dough should hold together and be a bit sticky to the touch. If needed, add an additional 1 to 4 teaspoons of warm water while mixing. Turn the dough out onto a board and knead by hand 3 or 4 times to form a nice, smooth ball.
  7. Oil a large bowl and place the dough in it, turning once to coat with oil. Cover with plastic wrap, pressing the wrap directly onto the dough. Set in a warm place, such as on your kitchen countertop, and let rise for 1 hour, during which time it should at least double in size.
  8. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured board and split it into to 2 roughly equal-sized pieces. Roll each piece into a log and, using a knife, cut each log into 8 roughly equal-sized pieces. Roll each piece into a ball and then, using a rolling pin, roll each into an oval about 3 inches wide by 4 ½ inches long and ¼-inch thick. Fold each oval in half to make a semi-circle. Set each bun on a small square of parchment paper.
  9. To cook the buns, place them in a steamer basket (Don't crowd the basket as the buns will puff up as they cook and will stick together if they are too close. You may need to cook them in several batches. If you have stacking bamboo baskets, you can stack 3 baskets at a time.) Set the steamer over boiling water and cook for about 10 minutes.
  10. Serve the buns with the meat and allow diners to fill their own. If desired, offer sliced scallions and/or hot chili oil to garnish.
  11. Note: The meat can be made a day or two ahead and kept in the refrigerator, or it can be frozen for up to 3 months. Heat up on the stovetop before serving.
  12. The buns can also be made ahead and refrigerated for up to 2 days or frozen for up to 3 months. To serve, steam them until the are soft and hot throughout. Microwaving is not ideal, but if you wish to heat up one or two buns quickly, it will do. Wet the buns slightly, wrap in a paper towel, and microwave on high for about 30 seconds.

#### Nutrition Information

#### Yield

8

#### Serving Size

1  
_Amount Per Serving_ Calories 670Total Fat 44gSaturated Fat 12gTrans Fat
0gUnsaturated Fat 29gCholesterol 122mgSodium 1927mgCarbohydrates 24gFiber
2gSugar 10gProtein 38g

### PIN THIS RECIPE FOR LATER!

Follow Me: @allwaysdelicious and tag #allwaysdelicious

(C) Robin

**Cuisine:** Chinese  / **Category:** Appetizer Recipes

Categories Appetizer Recipes, Main Dish Recipes, Meat Recipes Tags Chinese By
Robin Donovan on January 10th, 2015

#### About Robin Donovan

  
Hi, I’m Robin! I am a full-time food blogger, recipe developer, and cookbook
author. I spend my days cooking, writing about, and photographing food.  
  
I’m the author of more than 40 cookbooks, including _Ramen for Beginners_ , _5
Ingredient Cooking for Two, Sushi at Home_, _The Baking Cookbook for Teens_ ,
and the bestselling _Campfire Cuisine_.  
  
My food writing has also been featured in major print and online pubications
including _Cooking Light_ , _Fitness_ , _San Jose Mercury News_ , _San
Francisco Chronicle_ , and other popular publications.  
  
→ More about Robin  

More posts by this author.

### 8 thoughts on "Char Siu Bao (Steamed BBQ Pork Buns)"

  1. Soe

January 11, 2015 at 12:46 am

That looks really great. I will definitely try making it. Thanks for sharing.

Reply

  2. Thalia @ butter and brioche

January 11, 2015 at 4:18 am

I LOVE char siu bao… never made them myself before though. This is definitely
a recipe I need to make!

Reply

  3. Maysa

January 23, 2016 at 4:40 am

When I transfer the meat to the slow cooker, do I also transfer the sauce with
it?

Reply

    * Robin Donovan

January 25, 2016 at 3:56 pm

Are you referring to the marinade? If so, then yes, put it in the slow cooker
with the meat.

Reply

  4. Jaime

May 6, 2018 at 1:48 am

Delicious! I used just 1.25 lbs of pre-cut pork stew meat from Aldi with 1/2
recipe marinade and it was just the right amount. Cooked it in my instant pot
for 10 min on high (I added 1/2 cup water because I wasn't sure if there was
enough cooking liquid), then removed the meat. Sauteed for a few minutes to
reduce the liquid, then added the corn starch slurry. Poured the sauce over
the cooked meat, then served it in the buns. It was perfect! Meat very tender.

Reply

  5. Juliana

February 27, 2021 at 4:40 pm

This was fun, easy, and delicious. My niece and I made a vegetarian version
with jackfruit, mushrooms, and onions instead of pork. So good.

Reply

  6. Wendy

January 6, 2022 at 4:31 pm

This was a delicious recipe. I did it in a crockpot on high for hrs, then
drained of sauce and left in the fridge a few hours until I could skim the fat
off. Meanwhile, I turned the crockpot to low let the meat remain in it. After
skimming fat, reducing and adding cornstarch, I added back to the crockpot.
Had this with Ottolenghi’s Gochujang Asparagus Pancakes, and as a vegetarian,
I made mine with some homemade sesame hoisin roasted tofu.

Reply

    * Robin Donovan

January 21, 2022 at 6:42 am

Great ideas! Thank you for sharing!

Reply

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Comment

Name Email Website

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Check out my cookbooks!

## About Robin

Welcome to All Ways Delicious! I’m Robin, a cookbook author, recipe developer,
and obsessive home cook. From my small kitchen in Berkeley, I share globally-
inspired recipes that are easy, fresh, family friendly, and healthy(ish).
Let’s make every meal a flavor adventure.

(C) 2022 All Ways Delicious | Privacy Policy | Contact Us  
Built by ericjohnson.guru  
Stories

Skip to Recipe

6640 shares

  * 5373
  * 1267
  *   *   * 

