https://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/persian-celery-stew-with-mushrooms-khoresh-e-karafs


Skip to main content

Open Navigation Menu

Menu

Story Saved

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Close Alert

Close

Persian Celery Stew With Mushrooms (Khoresh-e Karafs)

  * Recipes & Menus
  * Expert Advice
  * Ingredients
  * Holidays & Events
  * My Saved Recipes

More _Chevron_

Story Saved

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Close Alert

Close

Sign In

Search

Search

  * Recipes & Menus
  * Expert Advice
  * Ingredients
  * Holidays & Events
  * Video
  * My Saved Recipes

# Persian Celery Stew With Mushrooms (Khoresh-e Karafs)

By Najmieh Batmanglij

March 5, 2020

Save Story

save recipe

3.9

(11)

Read ReviewsTriangle

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

Photo by Joseph De Leo, Food Styling by Anna Stockwell

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

  * Email

  * Pinterest

  * Print

  * Save Story

To revisit this recipe, visit My Account, then View saved recipes.

  * Prep Time

20 minutes

  * Total Time

1 hour

This khoresh (braise) is traditionally made with lamb, which I have replaced
here with cremini mushrooms to create a vegetarian version. Cremini mushrooms
have an earthy taste and keep their shape when cooked, but you can use any
other kind of mushroom. Try this simple recipe over rice (kateh) or quinoa and
you will find that it keeps the authentic flavors of the very popular Persian
celery khoresh.

## Ingredients

6 servings

½ cup (120ml) olive oil

1 ½ lb (675g) cremini mushrooms, cleaned and thickly sliced

1 bunch (8 stalks) celery, washed and julienned (¼ inch/6mm-by-2 inch/5cm
lengths)

1 medium onion, peeled and thinly sliced

2 cloves garlic, peeled and thinly sliced

1 jalapeño pepper, finely chopped or ½ teaspoon red pepper flakes

2 teaspoons sea salt

½ teaspoon freshly ground pepper

3 cups (710ml) water

½ teaspoon ground saffron threads dissolved in 2 tablespoons water (optional)

3 tablespoons fresh lime juice

1 cup (80g) chopped fresh parsley

½ cup (40g) chopped fresh mint, or 1 tablespoon dried mint

3 tablespoons dried fenugreek leaves

Persian rice for serving (optional)

### Step 1

Heat the oil in a medium-sized, heavy-bottomed pot over high heat. Add the
mushrooms and sauté for 5 minutes. Add the celery, onion, garlic, and jalapeño
and sauté for 10 minutes. Add the salt and pepper, and give it a stir.

### Step 2

Add the water and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium, cover, and simmer
for 40 minutes.

### Step 3

Add the saffron, lime juice, parsley, mint, and fenugreek, and give it a stir.
Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer for another 5 minutes or until
the celery is tender.

### Step 4

Adjust seasoning to taste and keep warm until ready to serve.

Slow Cooker Method for Making Koreshes

Slow cookers, with their ceramic pots and even cooking temperature over long
unattended periods, are excellent for cooking khoreshes. The trick is to first
heat the oil in a large, wide skillet and caramelize the onion. Then transfer
the onion and the rest of the ingredients to the slow cooker. Cover, set
temperate to high and the time to 4 hours (or to low for 8 hours).

From _Joon: Persian Cooking Made Simple_ copyright © 2019 by Najmieh
Batmanglij. Published with permission by Mage Publishers. Buy the full book
from Amazon.

How would you rate Persian Celery Stew With Mushrooms (Khoresh-e Karafs)?

Leave a Review

Tell us what you think

Reviews (11)

Back to TopTriangle

  * We just loved this food with some buttery rice pilaf...Everyone got a second round!!! I actually omitted chili flakes/ jalapeños because we have a toddler, I also substituted saffron with turmeric. 

    * Gizem 

    * Ireland 

    * 11/2/2021

  * Just prepared this dish. Although we haven’t dined as yet, my 27 minutes on low heat certainly seems to have overcooked the celery, and the instructions called for 40! Have not seen similar comments, so I’m wondering - what’s up?

    * Kenton

    * DC

    * 9/10/2021

  * This is fantastic! If you don't have saffron, use turmeric. Be sure to save your celery leaves to add with the rest of the herbs--even a little raw chopped celery on top is awesome!

    * shanlee322469

    * Nashville 

    * 2/20/2021

  * I didn't like this at all. I didn't find it tasty or worth the work involved. Cooking everything in one pot made all the celery and herbs turn an unappetizing brown, and the picture seems unethically deceptive. The mint leaves in the picture have not been chopped and are a bright green. As for the green celery leaves? The recipe not only does not call for them, and they certainly wouldn't look like that after five minutes in the pot. If I were to do this again I wouldn't combine the celery and herbs, I'd cook them separately so they retain their distinct flavors, and only combine at the end. (I followed the directions and used the ingredients, even bought fenugreek for it.)

    * frankenab

    * Brooklyn, NY

    * 12/14/2020

  * This is definitely a hidden gem! I added an extra cup water since the three cups didn’t come close to covering the veggies. Used fenugreek seeds instead of leaves (added them just as everything was finishing sautéing) as well as a bit of ground mustard and maple syrup at the very end, though next time I think I’ll use actual mustard seeds and maybe a pinch of coriander seeds too. I included the saffron as well though I thought it was a bit much, will cut in half next time. Would love to try this with lamb 

    * pawelyd

    * Chicago

    * 12/9/2020

  * Such great flavor! Used 1 tsp ground fenugreek seed + 1 tbsp maple syrup in place of fenugreek leaves. Highly recommend this recipe. 

    * murch4

    * Charlotte, NC

    * 6/16/2020

  * Simple to make and really good. This will be on my repeat list for sure.

    * this_is_katana

    * Santa Cruz, CA

    * 5/18/2020

  * OMG-saw this recipe and it sounded too unusual not to try. Didn't have fenugreek and had only white mushrooms but otherwise made as written. Such wonderful flavor. Made the persian rice also and it was great.

    * mencelpat@gmail.com

    * Belmont, NC

    * 4/23/2020

  * Oh. My. God. How does this not have more reviews?! My guess is, like me, you glanced over it and thought it might be a waste of time and mushrooms. Holy moly am I glad that I decided to try it anyways. The one ingredient I was missing was fenugreek leaves, so i subbed a tbsp of dijon mustard and a small glug of maple syrup. This is phenomenal. It tastes like springtime. It is unlike anything I’ve ever had and I can’t recommend it highly enough. 

    * jdemarois

    * Missoula, MT

    * 4/23/2020

  * Didn’t have saffron or fenugreek, so used turmeric in place of saffron and mustard powder for fenugreek. Came out great. 

    * myonlyclue

    * NYC

    * 4/12/2020

  * I liked this recipe and I would make it again. I did not add saffron or fenugreek leaves but it still turned out great. I accompanied it with rice and kofta (ground beef with mint and parsely).

    * mangaba48

    * San Luis Potosi, Mexico

    * 3/17/2020

TagsWednesday Night PersianWednesday Nights in AmericaMiddle
EasternAsianDinnerStewCeleryMushroomVegetarianVeganSpringWinterWheat/Gluten-
FreePeanut FreeSoy FreeDairy FreeTree Nut Free

## See Related Recipes and Cooking Tips

  * icon

Gallery

### What to Cook Right Now

Make your March better with banana pudding cheesecake bars, cabbage potato
pie, and easy crispy-skinned chicken.

  * icon

Gallery

### 79 Vegetarian Recipes for Meatless Meals in Every Season

Find vegetarian recipes for dinner tonight—and flavorful breakfasts, lunches,
and snacks, too.

  * icon

Gallery

### 23 Celery Recipes That Prove There's Much More to It Than Ants on a Log

Not that there's anything wrong with a simple snack.

  * icon

Gallery

### 61 Mushroom Recipes That'll Get More Umami Into Your Life

Give the meatiest vegetable some love with recipes featuring frilly, fragrant
fungus.

  * icon

Gallery

### 35 Easy Vegan Recipes to Make Tonight

These easy, delicious dinners just happen to be meatless and dairy-free.

  * icon

Gallery

### 31 Persian Recipes for Nowruz and Beyond

Recipes for the Persian New Year (and any day of the year).

  * ### 5 Persian Recipes From Najmieh Batmanglij

The Iran-born chef and cookbook author shares her family's favorite dishes.

Chevron

Chevron

Read More

Celery Shrub

Inspired by Dr. Brown’s Cel-Ray Soda, a common fixture in delis in NYC, this
celery shrub is savory and refreshing.

By Michael Dietsch

Maduros (Sweet Plantains)

Depending on their level of ripeness, plantains can be savory or sweet--for
this sweet plantains recipe, look for mostly black ones.

By Kwame Onwuachi

Easy Pasta Salad

This easy pasta salad recipe will be the hit of your next potluck.

By Kelly Janke

Fluffy Chiffon Cake

You can think of the chiffon cake as angel food cake’s even fluffier cousin.

By Elizabeth Prueitt

Lemon Bars

Golden sweet-tart lemon bars are like squares of sunshine. And they’re quick
to make.

By The Gourmet Test Kitchen

Chocolate Swiss Roll

If you’ve made a rolled cake before and had anxiety because the recipe
requires you to perform cake calisthenics, this chocolate Swiss roll recipe is
for you.

By Shilpa Uskokovic

Homemade Wine Vinegar

This homemade vinegar recipe works with any type of wine--red, white, rosé, or
a mix if you find yourself with open bottles after a party.

By Kirsten K. Shockey

Puff Puff

As the name suggests, West Africa’s most popular form of fried dough is
essentially a delectable fried pillow of airy dough.

By Kwame Onwuachi

Since 1995, Epicurious has been the ultimate food resource for the home cook,
with daily kitchen tips, fun cooking videos, and, oh yeah, over 33,000
recipes.

  * Facebook

  * Twitter

  * Pinterest

  * YouTube

  * Instagram

More from Epicurious

  * Newsletters
  * Epicurious Cookware
  * Subscription FAQs

Connect

  * Careers
  * Press Center
  * Advertising
  * Masthead
  * Contact Us

  * Site Map
  * Accessibility Help
  * Condé Nast Store
  * Condé Nast Spotlight
  * Do Not Sell My Personal Info

© 2022 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes
acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement and
Your California Privacy Rights. _Epicurious_ may earn a portion of sales from
products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate
Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced,
distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior
written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices

Food Innovation Group

