https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/mushroom-lentil-lamb-soup/2dab0827-05d5-4685-9ea1-4ee6f1564020


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Mushroom, lentil and lamb soup

  * _05m_ prep
  * _15m_ cook
  * _4_ servings 

6

Save Recipe

199 people saved this

1 person made this

When served with some fresh crusty bread, this hearty soup can stand as a meal
on its own.

D

Dixie Elliott

1579 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain celery, milk, gluten, wheat and yeast.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 12 Ingredients 
  * 3 Method Steps 

#### 12 Ingredients

  * 1 tbsp olive oil 

  * 20g butter 

  * 1 brown onion, finely chopped 

  * 2 sticks celery, thinly sliced 

  * 200g button mushrooms, sliced 

  * 1/4 cup plain flour 

  * 4 cups Massel chicken style liquid stock 

  * 400g can brown lentils, drained, rinsed 

  * 3 cups cooked lamb shank meat 

  * 1/3 cup flat-leaf parsley leaves, roughly chopped 

  * Herbed garlic bread, to serve 

  * Greek-style yoghurt (optional), to serve 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 3 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Heat oil  (1 tbsp olive oil) and butter  (20g butter) in a large saucepan over
medium-high heat. Add onion  (1 brown onion, finely chopped), celery  (2
sticks celery, thinly sliced) and mushrooms  (200g button mushrooms, sliced).
Cook, stirring occasionally, for 4 to 5 minutes or until vegetables are soft.
Sprinkle over flour  (1/4 cup plain flour). Cook for 1 minute.

  * Step 2

Remove from heat. Slowly add stock  (4 cups Massel chicken style liquid stock)
and 2 cups cold water, stirring constantly. Return to heat and bring to the
boil. Reduce heat to medium. Add lentils  (400g can brown lentils, drained,
rinsed) and lamb shank meat  (3 cups cooked lamb shank meat). Cook, uncovered,
for 5 minutes or until heated through.

  * Step 3

Season with salt and pepper. Ladle into bowls. Sprinkle with parsley  (1/3 cup
flat-leaf parsley leaves, roughly chopped). Serve with herbed bread  (Herbed
garlic bread, to serve) and a dollop of yoghurt  (Greek-style yoghurt
(optional), to serve).

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

1 person made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

199 people saved this

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by Mark O'meara

##  Popular on Taste

  1. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  2. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

  3. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

  4. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

  5. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

  6. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  7. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

  8. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

