https://www.cookinglight.com/recipes/immunity-soup


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Cooking Light Cooking Light

  * Recipes
  * Cooking 101
  * Eating Smart
  * Healthy Living
  * News

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Account

Your Account

### Account

  * Newsletters
  * Email Preferences

* * *

### Manage Your Subscription

  * All Access Subscribers
  * Magazine Subscribers
  * Cooking Light Diet Subscribers

Login

Logout

SUBSCRIBE

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore Cooking Light

Cooking Light Cooking Light

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * ####  31-Day Healthy Meal Plan

Our 31-day calendar of meals and tips shows you how to cook more and love it
with fun, family-friendly meals that come together quickly and deliciously.
Read More

    * ####  Dinner Tonight: Quick and Healthy Menus in 45 Minutes (or Less)

Hundreds of delicious recipes, paired with simple sides, that can be on your
table in 45 minutes or less.  Read More

    * ####  Our Favorite Healthy Air Fryer Recipes

Who ever said that chicken wings, doughnuts, and pizza couldn't be healthy?
Read More

  * Recipes

### Recipes

See All Recipes

    * Breakfast & Brunch
    * Lunch
    * Dinner
    * Drinks
    * Recipe Makeovers
    * Quick & Healthy
    * Diabetic
    * Gluten-Free
    * Vegetarian
    * Cooking Light Live

  * Cooking 101

### Cooking 101

See All Cooking 101

    * Essential Ingredients
    * Cooking Techniques
    * Meet the Chef
    * Cooking Resources
    * Budget Friendly
    * Smart Choices

  * Eating Smart
  * Healthy Living

### Healthy Living

See All Healthy Living

    * Weight-Loss
    * Health
    * Fitness
    * Home
    * Travel
    * Nutrition 101

  * News

## Profile Menu

Your Account

Your Account

### Account

  * Newsletters
  * Email Preferences

* * *

### Manage Your Subscription

  * All Access Subscribers
  * Magazine Subscribers
  * Cooking Light Diet Subscribers

Login

Logout

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Immunity Soup

# Immunity Soup

Active Time

30 Mins

Total Time

1 Hour

Yield

Serves 8 (serving size: 1 1/2 cups)

By Ann Taylor Pittman

January 2017

This easy soup is full of immunity-boosting foods: vitamin C–rich kale,
vitamin D–enhanced mushrooms, zinc-containing chicken and chickpeas, and
antioxidant-packed garlic. Plus, the hot, steamy broth and a hint of pepper
heat get your nose running—great for flushing out sinuses and potentially
staving off an infection. It’s a big pot of brothy soup that you can make
ahead and enjoy for a couple of days; the flavor just gets better over time.
You may be wary of the large amount of garlic, but keep in mind that it
mellows considerably after being cooked. Though we love using bone-in chicken
breasts here, you can also swap in 3 cups shredded rotisserie chicken breast
in a pinch (be aware that it will add more sodium)."

## Ingredients

  * 2 tablespoons olive oil
  * 1 1/2 cups chopped onion
  * 3 celery stalks, thinly sliced
  * 2 large carrots, thinly sliced
  * 1 pound presliced vitamin D-enhanced mushrooms (such as Monterey Mushrooms)
  * 10 medium garlic cloves, minced
  * 8 cups unsalted chicken stock (such as Swanson)
  * 4 thyme sprigs
  * 2 bay leaves
  * 1 (15-oz.) can unsalted chickpeas, drained
  * 2 pounds skinless, bone-in chicken breasts
  * 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt
  * 1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper
  * 12 ounces curly kale, stems removed, leaves torn

###  Nutritional Information

  * Calories 253
  * Fat 6.5g
  * Satfat 1g
  * Monofat 3g
  * Polyfat 0.9g
  * Protein 28g
  * Carbohydrate 22g
  * Fiber 6g
  * Cholesterol 54mg
  * Iron 2mg
  * Sodium 581mg
  * Calcium 116mg
  * Sugars 5g
  * Est. added sugars 0g

  * Calories 253
  * Fat 6.5g
  * Satfat 1g
  * Monofat 3g
  * Polyfat 0.9g
  * Protein 28g
  * Carbohydrate 22g
  * Fiber 6g
  * Cholesterol 54mg
  * Iron 2mg
  * Sodium 581mg
  * Calcium 116mg
  * Sugars 5g
  * Est. added sugars 0g

##  How to Make It

Step 1

Heat oil in a large Dutch oven over medium. Add onion, celery, and carrots;
cook, stirring occasionally, 5 minutes. Add mushrooms and garlic; cook,
stirring often, 3 minutes. Stir in stock, thyme, bay leaves, and chickpeas;
bring to a simmer. Add chicken, salt, and red pepper; cover and simmer until
chicken is done, about 25 minutes.

Step 2

Remove chicken from Dutch oven; cool slightly. Shred meat with 2 forks;
discard bones. Stir chicken and kale into soup; cover and simmer until kale is
just tender, about 5 minutes. Discard thyme sprigs and bay leaves.

## You May Like

Advertisement

## Read More

### Sign up for the Cooking Light Daily Newsletter

Quick dinner ideas, nutrition tips, and fresh seasonal recipes.

Sign up

Advertisement

Cooking Light

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Customer Service this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise
  * Content Licensing
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithCooking Light is part of the Allrecipes Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Cooking Light may receive
compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers
may be subject to change without notice. Privacy Statementthis link opens in a
new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens
in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis link opens a modal window Web
Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright Cooking Light. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.cookinglight.com

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

