https://thelemonbowl.com/lamb-vegetable-soup/


Skip to content

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Travel
  * About

Search for...

Navigation Menu

Navigation Menu

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Travel
  * About

Search for...

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

Home » Soup Recipes » Lamb Vegetable Soup

# Lamb Vegetable Soup

Table of Contents

  * 1 Veggie Variations
  * 2 How to Make Lamb Vegetable Soup
  * 3 Frequently Asked Questions:
  * 4 Change It Up
  * 5 Other Ways to Use Lamb
  * 6 More Soups
  * 7 Lamb Vegetable Soup
  * 8 Similar Recipes:

_Warm up with this hearty bowl of Lamb Vegetable Soup filled with hearty
potatoes, celery, carrots, and ground lamb._

With the crisp chill that comes with fall, many mark it as the start of soup
season. But I love soup so much, I’ll make it year round! While a warm bowl is
great on a cold day, I find it can bring comfort regardless of the season or
weather. This Lamb Vegetable Soup is a great twist on the classic veggie soup.

## Veggie Variations

This recipe calls for a slew of different vegetables, but you can use whatever
you have on hand.

  * **Add some leafy greens**. You could add spinach, kale, or chard!
  *  **Add antioxidant rich mushrooms.** When adding the carrots, add some sliced mushrooms, too.
  *  **Switch your potatoes.** Instead of Yukon gold potatoes, try using sweet potatoes instead.
  *  **Use a new medley.** Frozen peas and corn often come in a medley with green beans as well, use that for added greens!

## How to Make Lamb Vegetable Soup

To get started, wash, peel, and cut all of your veggies.

Once your veggies are prepared, start your soup by sautéing your onions in the
bottom of a large pot.

Grate in your garlic, and sauté until the onions are softened.

Next you’ll add the ground lamb to the pot and break it up while it cooks,
stirring it with the onions and garlic. Add a pinch of salt and pepper.

Once your lamb is halfway browned, add your carrots and celery, and keep
cooking until veggies are tender.

Next you’ll stir in the oregano, Worcestershire sauce, and potato cubes,
cooking an additional couple minutes for potatoes to soften.

Next you’ll add your beef stock and stir it in.

And the tomato juice.

Next add your frozen vegetables, stir them in, then cover and simmer for 30
minutes.

Once the 30 minutes is up, add the fresh parsley and add additional salt and
pepper as needed. Serve and enjoy!

## Frequently Asked Questions:

### Where can I find ground lamb?

While it seems like an uncommon ingredient, but ground lamb is found in every
butcher department of every grocery store.

### Can I make this ahead?

Yes! This is a great soup for freezing and eating later. In the freezer, this
soup will keep for 3-4 months. To store leftovers, keep it in an airtight
container for up to 5 days.

### What do I serve it with?

Every soup needs some bread, like this easy challah bread recipe. Or it pairs
nicely with salad, like this Syrian salad.

## Change It Up

  * **Switch the stock.** If you don’t have or can’t have beef stock, you can also use chicken or veggie stock.
  *  **Change up the protein.** You could use ground beef or turkey instead of the lamb, but lamb is very tender and tasty and worth trying. You could also omit the protein, add more veggies, and make it a purely vegetable soup.
  *  **Experiment with spices.** Instead of just oregano, use an Italian blend of spices, or use fresh instead of dried.

## Other Ways to Use Lamb

  * Greek Lamb Chops with Tzatziki Sauce
  * Hummus with Ground Lamb and Pomegranate
  * Garlic Rosemary Lamb Chops
  * Greek Lamb Burgers with Tzatziki Sauce

## More Soups

  * Stuffed Pepper Soup with Beef and Rice
  * Easy Chicken Soup with Greens
  * Vegan Roasted Tomato Soup
  * Lightened Seafood Chowder
  * Sausage, Kale, and Butternut Squash Soup

Soups in general make me happy, but this Lamb Vegetable Soup is extremely
satisfying with how customizable it is. Try it for yourself, and let me know
if you change things!

Your spoon is waiting.

## Lamb Vegetable Soup

4.41 stars average

Warm up with this hearty bowl of Lamb Vegetable Soup filled with hearty
potatoes, celery, carrots, and ground lamb.

PREP: 15 mins

COOK: 45 mins

TOTAL: 1 hr

Save

EMAIL PRINT RATE

Servings: 8

### Ingredients



1/2x1x2x

  * ▢ 1 pound ground lamb
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon salt (divided)
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon pepper
  * ▢ 1 large onion (diced)
  * ▢ 2 medium carrots (peeled and diced)
  * ▢ 3 stalks celery (diced)
  * ▢ 3 cloves garlic (minced)
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon dried oregano
  * ▢ 8 medium Yukon Gold potatoes (quartered)
  * ▢ 32 ounces beef broth (low sodium)
  * ▢ 32 ounces tomato juice 
  * ▢ 1 cup frozen corn
  * ▢ 1 cup frozen peas
  * ▢ ½ cup fresh parsley (minced)
  * ▢ salt and pepper (to taste)

### Instructions



  * Heat a large stock pot over medium-high heat. Spray with non-stick cooking spray or a little oil if you're not using a non-stick pan.

  * Add diced onion and garlic to the pan along with a pinch of salt and pepper. Sauté until onions start to soften, about 4-6 minutes. Place ground lamb in the pan along with another pinch salt and pepper then begin breaking down in to bite-sized pieces with a potato masher or wooden spoon. 

  * Once lamb is about halfway browned, add in the carrots and celery plus another pinch salt and pepper. Cook until veggies start to become tender, about 6-8 minutes. Stir in Worcestershire, oregano, and potato cubes. Cook for 1-2 more minutes, stirring occasionally.

  * Pour beef broth and tomato into the pan and bring to a boil. Stir in frozen vegetables then bring back to a boil. Cover pot with a lid then reduce heat to low and simmer for 30 minutes. Add fresh parsley then check once more for seasoning. Adjust accordingly before serving.

* * *

### Nutrition

Serving: 1cupCalories: 376kcalCarbohydrates: 47gProtein: 17gFat: 14gSaturated
Fat: 6gPolyunsaturated Fat: 1gMonounsaturated Fat: 6gCholesterol: 41mgSodium:
837mgPotassium: 1447mgFiber: 7gSugar: 9gVitamin A: 3593IUVitamin C:
72mgCalcium: 85mgIron: 4mg

## Similar Recipes:

  * 15 Freezer-Friendly Soup Recipes 
  * Stuffed Pepper Soup with Beef and Rice 
  * Creamy Vegan Mushroom Wild Rice Soup 
  * Lemon Chicken Orzo Soup 
  * Sausage, Kale and Butternut Squash Soup 
  * Slow Cooker Ham and Bean Soup 

SHOW AND TELL ON INSTAGRAM!Show me your creation and rate it below! Mention
@thelemonbowl or tag #thelemonbowl! I would LOVE to see!

#### Liz DellaCroce

Liz Della Croce is the creator and author of The Lemon Bowl, a healthy food
blog. Since 2010, Liz has been sharing delicious recipes that just so happen
to be healthy. By using real ingredients with an emphasis on seasonality, Liz
has built a growing audience of loyal readers who crave good food for their
families. Click Here To Subscribe to my newsletter:

##  Related Posts

###  Restaurant Style Pita Bread

…

Read More »Restaurant Style Pita Bread

###  Lebanese Eggplant and Chickpea Stew

…

Read More »Lebanese Eggplant and Chickpea Stew

###  Best Gluten Free Peach Crisp

…

Read More »Best Gluten Free Peach Crisp

## Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Name *

Email *

Website

Comment *

Your feedback is important to us. Rate what you thought of this. Your feedback
is important to us. Rate what you thought of this.  
  
  
  
  

Notify me via e-mail if anyone answers my comment.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

### Hi, I'm Liz!

I'm here to help you make easy, healthy recipes your family will love that
won't strain the budget.

More about me →

  * About Liz
  * Contact
  * Cookbooks
  * Policies
  * Subscribe

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.  
The Lemon Bowl® is a registered trademark of Liz Della Croce LLC. All Rights
Reserved  
Copyright © 2022 Liz Della Croce LLC

