https://www.indianhealthyrecipes.com/garlic-fried-rice/


Skip to content

Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About

Search

Toggle Menu

Search

# Garlic Fried Rice

Home >> Recipes >> Latest

Byswasthi

22 Comments

__WhatsApp

 __Share

 __Pin

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

**Chilli garlic fried rice** is a variation to the basic veg fried rice from
the **Indo chinese cuisine**. It turns out aromatic, mildly hot, spicy and
delicious. Quite popular in the Indian chinese restaurants and is made on the
same lines as the chilli garlic noodles.

* * *

As such this fried rice doesn't demand a side dish since it is aromatic, spicy
and good to serve on its own. But sides like chilli chicken, garlic chicken,
chilli mushroom or any other Indo chinese gravy dishes go very well with this
rice. If you have a side dish, you can skip using the mixed veggies in this
recipe. The rice would still turn out great.

Advertisement

## How to Make Chilli Garlic Fried Rice

1\. Prepare garlic and red chili. Chop garlic finely and cut deseeded red
chilies to flakes with a food scissor. You can also blend these both and make
a chilli garlic paste and use in the recipe. If you like a very aromatic fried
rice, then i suggest crushing to a coarse paste in a hand pestle or blender.
Since i have young kids home, i have not crushed them.

2\. Wash and soak rice for about 30 mins. Cook al dente. Set aside to cool
completely.

3\. Heat oil in a wok or pan, saute red chili and garlic along with a broken
red chilli for just 1 min. Do not do this on a high flame and do not over cook
too. This may lead to bitter taste.

4\. Add thinly sliced onions or spring onion whites. Saute on high flame from
now on.

5\. When the onions turn lightly pink, add the rest of the veggies. I have
used carrots, capsicum, beans and cauliflower. You can also use cabbage, bean
sprouts etc.

6\. When the veggies turn slightly tender or half cooked, add soya sauce.

7\. Add vinegar and sugar. Saute for a min.

Advertisement

8\. Add cooled rice and salt. I also prefer to add a bit of olive oil now. If
you have celery or spring onion greens you can add it now.

9\. Mix and fry for 2 mins.

Serve hot.

Please do not gauge the quantity you see in the pan, I had doubled the recipe
to make 4 servings.

Advertisement

**Related Recipes**

### Garlic chicken re...

### Chilli Mushroom

### Singapore Fried R...

### Veg Fried Rice, H...

### Hakka Noodles Rec...

### Schezwan Fried Ri...

## Recipe Card

Advertisement

## Garlic Fried Rice

chilli garlic fried rice is a variation to the basic veg fried rice from the
Indo chinese cuisine. It turns out aromatic, mildly hot, spicy and delicious.

Pin Recipe Print Recipe

1x2x3x

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

For best results follow the step-by-step photos above the recipe card

Prep Time15 minutes

Cook Time10 minutes

Total Time25 minutes

Servings2

AuthorSwasthi

### Ingredients (US cup = 240ml )

  * â–¢ 1 cup rice , long grain . (uncooked)
  * â–¢ 4 garlic cloves , large , about 1.5 tbsp chopped finely
  * â–¢ 2 to 4 red chilies deseeded
  * â–¢ Â½ chili , broken , deseeded for seasoning
  * â–¢ 1.5 to 2 tbsp olive oil
  * â–¢ Â½ tsp sugar
  * â–¢ Â¾ to 1 tbsp soya sauce (adjust as needed)
  * â–¢ 1 Â½ tsp vinegar (adjust as needed)
  * â–¢ Salt as needed

#### Optional veggies

  * â–¢ 1 carrot , medium , Â½ to Â¾ cup chopped
  * â–¢ Â¼ capsicum , medium , Â¼ to Â½ cup chopped
  * â–¢ 5 to 6 beans chopped finely
  * â–¢ 2 sprigs spring onions (green & white separated)

Advertisement

### Instructions

  * â–¢

Wash and soak rice for 30 mins. Cook al dente / grainy (not mushy) and cool
completely.

  * â–¢

You can use garlic chopped & chilli cut to flakes or blend them to a coarse
paste in blender or hand pestle. Set aside.

  * â–¢

Heat oil and saute chilli garlic , broken chilli on a medium flame for 1 min.

  * â–¢

Add the onions and saute for a min. Increase the flame to high.

  * â–¢

Add mixed veggies and saute until half done yet crunchy.

  * â–¢

Add soya sauce, vinegar and sugar. Saute for amin.

  * â–¢

Add cooled rice, salt and more oil if desired.

  * â–¢

Mix and fry for 2 mins. Serve with or without side.

Advertisement

Alternative quantities provided in the recipe card are for 1x only, original
recipe.

For best results follow my detailed step-by-step photo instructions and tips
above the recipe card.

### NUTRITION INFO (estimation only)

Nutrition Facts

Garlic Fried Rice

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 512 Calories from Fat 126

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 14g **22%**

Saturated Fat 2g **13%**

 **Sodium** 516mg **22%**

 **Potassium** 395mg **11%**

 **Carbohydrates** 84g **28%**

Fiber 2g **8%**

Sugar 5g **6%**

 **Protein** 9g **18%**

**Vitamin A** 1215IU **24%**

 **Vitamin C** 104mg **126%**

 **Calcium** 52mg **5%**

 **Iron** 1.8mg **10%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Tried this recipe?Mention @SwasthisRecipes or tag #swasthisrecipes!

(C) Swasthi's Recipes

__WhatsApp

 __Share

 __Pin

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

**FOR MORE RECIPES**

Please leave this field empty

Enter & Confirm eMail ID for Swasthi's Recipes Newsletter *

Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.

  

## Post navigation

Previous Previous

Cham cham sweet (Chum chum recipe)

NextContinue

South Indian egg curry recipe

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

22 Comments

__Inline Feedbacks

View all comments

Hetal

  
It's delicious.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Hetal

Thank you

Reply

Advertisement

jaya

very very nice

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   jaya

Thanks Jaya  
ðŸ™‚

Reply

vanitha

yummy taste. I like very much and my child also likes.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   vanitha

Thank you Vanitha

Reply

Priya

Give me that plate,i&#39;ll happily have it anytime,droolworthy fried rice.

Reply

priya satheesh

yummy yummy!!!

Reply

Sireesha Puppala

tempting rice..would like to have a plate ðŸ™‚

Reply

raaji

first time hereâ€¦i make this very often with left over riceâ€¦wat an easy way to
fill our stomachs

Reply

Advertisement

Reshmi Mahesh

Delicious fried riceâ€¦Love it..

Reply

Kaveri Venkatesh

Mmmmâ€¦Delicious fried rice

Reply

Rosita Vargas

Una delicia estÃ¡ de lujo me gusta el arroz frito,abrazos y abrazos.

Reply

Vidya

My favoriteâ€¦tempting and flavorful rice.

Reply

Shama Nagarajan

delicious dear

Reply

Phong Hong

Swasthi, I really like this fusion style fried rice. It&#39;s making me hungry
ðŸ™‚

Reply

Advertisement

PT

nice click swasthi ðŸ™‚

Reply

Suman Arthy

My favoriteâ€¦.

Reply

Vimitha Anand

Falvorful rice variety.. Love it with some chilli paneer in the sideâ€¦

Reply

Meena B

look at tht<br />i love the color and texture the rice has got and it looks
delicious <br />can eat it just like tht swasthi

Reply

kausers kitchen

I luv indo-chineseâ€¦Your fried rice looks really yummyâ€¦<br />Have a lovely
weekend Swasthi ðŸ™‚

Reply

Ramya Krishnamurthy

So nutritive and delicious:)

Reply

Advertisement

Advertisement

(C) 2022 Swasthi's Recipes

Insert

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Popular RecipesExpand child menuExpand

    * Matar Paneer
    * Butter Chicken
    * Chana Masala
    * Dal Makhani
    * Gobi Manchurian
    * Chicken Tikka Masala
  * SocialExpand child menuExpand

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Twitter
    * Pinterest
    * Youtube

Toggle Menu Close

Search for:

Search

