https://www.sbs.com.au/food/recipes/saltbush-and-mountain-pepper-squid


Sign out

Sign in / Create an account

  * Who Do You Think You Are?
  * Voices
  * Indigenous
  * Census Explorer
  * COVID-19 in language

  * SBS HOME

  * On Demand

  * Guide
    * By Day

    * By Channel

    * By Genre

    * By Language

  * Radio
    * Radio Schedule

    * SBS Arabic24

    * SBS Chill

    * SBS PopAsia

    * SBS PopDesi

    * SBS Radio App

    * SBS Settlement Guide

    * Your Language

    * Radio Podcasts

  * Languages

  * News
    * Dateline

    * Insight

    * The Point

    * The Feed

    * NITV News

    * Small Business Secrets

  * Sport

  * Food

  * SBS Learn

Food

  * Food home
    * Pitch to us
  * Watch
    * SBS Food CH 33
    * Cook like an Italian with Silvia Colloca
    * Food Safari
    * Plat du Tour
    * The Cook Up with Adam Liaw
    * The Streets with Dan Hong
    * What's on TV
    * A-Z food programs
  * Cook
    * Recipe search
    * Recipe videos
    * This week's top picks
    * Bite-sized
    * Recipe index
  * Read
    * From the Food desk
    * Feels like home
    * Play with your food
    * Eat well
    * Feaster
    * Institutions
    * Be a better cook
    * Bite-sized
  * Win

Trending

spaghetti risotto

use up cheese rinds

eat new Nordic

subscribe

iron absorption

adobo diaries

Advanced search

Indigenous Australian

# Saltbush and mountain pepper squid

  * (Adam Liaw)

Previous Next Show Grid

  * 

  1. 

Previous Next Hide Grid

Images

02

1/

02

Video

Audio

This is my spin on the classic Chinese salt and pepper squid. I've used native
Australian ingredients dried saltbush flakes for their herbaceous saltiness,
mountain pepper for its punch and dried lemon myrtle for its zing.

Serves

4

###  Preparation

15min

###  Cooking

15min

###  Skill level

Easy

By

Mark Olive

10

Average: 5 (1 vote)

Yum

###  Ingredients

  * **4** squid or calamari hoods
  * **1 tsp** dried lemon myrtle (see Note)
  * **1 cup** tempura flour (see Note)
  * **20 ml** macadamia oil (see Note)
  * **50 g** butter
  * **1½ tsp** dried saltbush flakes (see Note)
  * **1½ tsp** ground mountain pepper (see Note) 
  * **1 tsp** tanami fire seasoning (see Note) 

**Salad**

  * **100 g** mixed lettuce leaves, chopped
  * **2** tomatoes, deseeded, chopped
  * **1** telegraph cucumber, deseeded, chopped
  * lemon wedges, to serve

### Cook's notes

Oven temperatures are for conventional; if using fan-forced (convection),
reduce the temperature by 20˚C. | We use Australian tablespoons and cups: 1
teaspoon equals 5 ml; 1 tablespoon equals 20 ml; 1 cup equals 250 ml. | All
herbs are fresh (unless specified) and cups are lightly packed. | All
vegetables are medium size and peeled, unless specified. | All eggs are 55-60
g, unless specified.

### Instructions

Prepare the squid or calamari hoods by washing and removing the "backbone"
and skin (if desired). Cut the hoods into triangles or squares (this will
encourage the flesh to curl while cooking).

In a bowl, mix the lemon myrtle and flour. Roll the squid pieces through the
flour mixture.

Meanwhile, make the salad, place the lettuce, tomato and cucumber in bowl and
toss to combine.

Heat the macadamia oil and butter in a wok. Add the saltbush, mountain pepper
and tanami fire seasoning and cook for 30 seconds.

Add the squid, in batches, shaking off the excess flour, and cook until they
curl. Using a slotted spoon, remove from the oil and drain on paper towel.
Repeat with the remaining squid.

To serve, divide the salad among plates. Top with the squid and serve with a
lemon wedge.

**Chef's notes**

• Dried lemon myrtle, dried saltbush, mountain pepper (also called native
pepper or pepperleaf) and tanami fire seasoning are native Australian herbs,
spices and fruits. For more information, visit the Black Olive website. You
can purchase these products online.

• Macadamia oil is available from the oil or health food aisle in most
supermarkets or in health food stores.

• Tempura flour is available from the international aisle of most supermarkets
or from Asian grocers.

_Photography, styling and food preparation byChina Squirrel. _

_Adam Liaw cooks, laughs, and explores culture with some of Australia's most
beloved inThe Cook Up With Adam Liaw._

Advertisement

Advertisement

## This week's top Food TV picks

CELEBS, FOOD, FUN

### Episode guide | The Cook Up with Adam Liaw S2 | Episodes 91 to 100

Adam Liaw continues to cook, laugh, and explore culture with some of
Australia's most beloved in The Cook Up With Adam Liaw S2.

SBS On Demand

### SBS On Demand

Watch all of Season 1 as Frank Pinello explores the incredible world of pizza
from Chicago's deep dish to the New York 'fold'.

next previous

## Newly added

Episode guide | The Cook Up with Adam Liaw S3 | Episodes 1 to 10

_3 days_ ago

Always burning cakes? Your oven is probably set wrong, so here's how to fix it

_3 days_ ago

Savour these juicy bone-in-fish tips and survival stories

_3 days_ ago

16 quick ways to use it up at home

_3 days_ ago

In Social

## Stay connected with Food

Stay connected with Food

## Vertical Tabs

Newsletter

Exclusive TV sneak peeks, recipes and competitions

Sign up now

Audio Track

Podcast

Listen now

RSS

RSS

Subscribe now

Stay connected with Food

Exclusive TV sneak peeks, recipes and competitions

Sign up now

Podcast

Listen now

RSS

Subscribe now

## In Social

Subscribe

Facebook

Follow

Twitter

49.9K

Follow

Instagram

Advertisement

Back to top

  * Copyright
  * Terms & Conditions
  * Privacy
  * Disclaimer
  * Your online preferences

  * Audience Technical Support
  * Complaints
  * Contact Us
  * Media Centre
  * SBS Codes of Practice
  * Freedom of Information
  * Public Interest Disclosure
  * Senate Order - Entity Contracts
  * Using this Website
  * Help

  * About SBS
  * Sales & Advertising
  * Careers

SBS acknowledges the Traditional Owners of Country throughout Australia.

####

x

##

