https://feastgloriousfeast.com/green-rice/


  * Feasts
    * Roast Dinner
    * Asian
      * Big Asian Feast
      * Asian Drinks
      * Big Asian Feast Collection
      * Alternative Asian Feast
      * Vegetarian Asian Feast
      * Everyday Asian Feasts
      * All Asian Recipes
    * Brunch
      * Big Brunch Feast
      * Brunch Drinks
      * Prep Ahead Brunch Feast
      * Vegetarian Brunch Feast
      * Alternative Brunch Feast
      * Everyday Brunch Feasts
      * All Brunch Recipes
    * Americana
      * Big Americana Feast
      * Americana Drinks
      * Americana Feast Collection
      * Alternative Americana Feast
      * Vegetarian Americana Feast
      * Everyday Americana Feasts
      * All Americana Recipes
  * Baking
    * Sweet Baking
    * Savoury Baking
    * Bread
  * Cooking
    * Main Meal
    * Snack/Small Dish
    * Side Dish
    * Ingredient
  * Recipes By Diet
    * Vegan
    * Vegetarian
    * Meat
    * Fish/Seafood
    * Free From…
      * Dairy Free
      * Gluten Free
      * Nut Free
      * Egg Free
  * Collections
    * Feast Collections
    * Drink Collections
    * Everyday Collections
    * Recipe Roundups
  * How To…
    * …Use Salt
    * …Prepare Avocado
    * …Poach Eggs
    * …Cook Sticky Rice
    * …Make Sushi Rice
    * …Make Caesar Dressing
    * …Make Pancakes
    * …Roast Chicken
    * …Roast Potatoes
    * …Cook Couscous

## Nav Social Menu

    * Email
    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * Twitter

  * 

Feast Glorious Feast

Everyday Stress Free Feasting

  * Home
  * About
  * Shop
    * Shopping Guides
    * Kitchen Shop
    * Cookware Shop
    * Baking Shop
    * Appliance Shop
    * Serveware Shop
    * Drinkware Shop
    * Entertaining Shop
    * Food & Drink Shop
    * Cookbook Shop
  * Contact Me
  * Virtual Feast Services
  * Free 7 Day Meal Plan
  * 

Home » Cooking » Side Dish » **Easy Green Rice (Coriander & Garlic)**

# Easy Green Rice (Coriander & Garlic)

Cooking, Featured, Side Dish

  * Pin
  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Yum

SKIP TO RECIPE

This Easy Green Rice recipe is as at home served with an Indian inspired curry
as with a South American feast (call it Arroz Verde) or simple chicken and
grilled veg. Super tasty, super versatile, super easy and foolproof - this
will be your new go-to side dish!

 _This post may contain affiliate links. Please refer to my_ _Disclosures
Page_ _for more details._

This simple side dish takes a few basic ingredients like onion, fresh
coriander (cilantro) and garlic to make a rice dish which is far more than the
sum of its parts.

I cook the rice with the same absorption method that I cook Sticky Rice. Add
the flavourings, add the rice, add water, bring it to the boil, simmer for 10
minutes and leave to steam for 10 minutes. It is an absolutely foolproof trick
to cooking almost any white rice perfectly.

I've used basmati as I find the texture to be ideal for the recipe but long
grain rice will work just as well. The flavourings are also pretty flexible.

## How to Serve Coriander & Garlic Rice

Let's talk about some more traditional ways to use rice as a side dish first.
It is usually going to be served hot or warm. I don't tend to stress if my
rice is allowed to cool a little bit if I'm going to be serving it with
something hot and saucy. The hot saucy dish is more or less going to heat the
rice back up.

Green rice is as good served family style so everyone can help themselves as
it is fully dished up. What I wouldn't tend to do with a rice that has a
flavour of its own is mix it into a dish before serving. Although in hindsight
I think it might only be me that does this sometimes anyway.

The less obvious option is to use the rice cold in a rice salad situation. I
actually really love this flavour packed rice as a cold option. Some foods can
lose their potency when they're not warmed but the herbs make this a really
tasty picnic or buffet option.

## Make Easy Green Rice into a Feast

I truly believe that you can make any dish into a proper feast! Whether thats
a feast for one after work on a Tuesday, a casual feast for four on a Friday
evening or a feast for 12 for a special occasion!

As I've mentioned, there are several types of meal or feast where I serve
coriander rice. The first is with a curry like my Chicken and Chickpea Korma,
some soft bread like naan (man I love naan) and a cooling sauce like my
Coriander Mint Yoghurt Sauce.

The next way is with a Mexican/Latin American/Tex Mex/Southern US inspired
feast. I serve Oven Fried Chicken Thighs, my fresh Peach Salsa, some Mexican
Corn on the Cob and some of my Hot Honey Butter Garlic Sauce to drown it in!

And just to continue my tour around the world, I also very often serve it
along with some Middle Eastern inspired dishes like Roasted Aubergine,
griddled veg like Peppers and Courgettes and some Super Smooth Hummus. Don't
forget the Tahini Yoghurt Sauce!

Don't forget to head over to my Feast Collection pages to find all of my tips
and tricks to help you host a fun and stress-free feast. Plus remember to
check out my recipe index to create your own awesome Feast!

## Ingredients for Green Coriander Rice

### Onions

I would suggest that a regular/yellow onion is best used. They provide flavour
without sullying the colour of the dish.

If you aren't fussed about the colour, a red onion works just fine too. If you
only have shallots, they'll be great, the rice will just be a little more on
the mild side. Feel free to throw a little extra in.

### Garlic Paste

As with all my recipes I've specified "garlic paste" in the recipe rather than
a number of cloves. That's because the size of cloves can vary so dramatically
even within one bulb, that I just don't think that its a remotely accurate
measurement.

I do use garlic paste bought in a jar but you can just as easily throw fresh
cloves into the processor. Just look at them in relation to a tbsp measure to
gauge how many you need. Please do peel them before using!

### Coriander (Cilantro)

Please do not confuse ground coriander with the fresh stalks and leaves. Fresh
coriander is readily available, just be careful you don't pick up parsley by
mistake - they look very similar. Can you tell I speak from experience?!

What is important to me is that you use the stalks and the leaves. The stalks
are just as tender and tasty as the leaves so do not waste them. In fact you
can use mainly stalks in the first part of the recipe. Just use a few picked
leaves as the garnish.

### Rice

Basmati rice is my preferred option. Unlike the short grain sticky rices that
I love to serve with many of my East and South East Asian inspired dishes,
basmati keeps each grain nice and seperate. Which makes the finished rice
fluffy.

Long grain rice is another good option but I would tend to avoid anything
fancy like wild rice. And unlike with fried rice, this isn't a good time to
roll out the pre-cooked packet rice!

### Be Flexible

Now I know that some people simply hate coriander. My heart bleeds for them,
it genuinely is one of my favourite flavours of all time. But the good news is
that you can swap the coriander for parsley if you need to.

Obviously the overall flavour will change but it will still be a delicious
green rice. If you simply don't have quite enough coriander and don't want to
buy a new bunch, you can also make up the shortfall with parsley.

The only other way that I tend to vary this rice is to add a little lemon
juice to the paste. This gives a real freshness and tang. And occasionally if
I am serving it with something on the non-spicy side, I might add some fresh
green chilli.

### Make it Vegetarian or Vegan

Great news, this easy green rice is suitable for vegetarians and vegans.

### Make it Allergy Friendly

This recipe is free from egg, dairy, gluten and nuts.

Please note that this recipe may contain other allergens not referred to above
and any variations suggested have not been tested unless otherwise stated.
_For more information regarding any dietary information provided on this
website, please refer to my_ _Nutritional Disclaimer._

## Equipment Notes for Green Rice

The most important piece of equipment to make this recipe is a saucepan with a
good tight fitting lid. This will help the rice to properly cook in it's own
steam.

The other most helpful piece of equipment would be some kind of electrical
assistance to create the flavour paste. I love my mini chopper for this kind
of thing.

You could achieve the same effect with a pestle and mortar or by chopping
everything finely and simply using the side of a very sharp knife to crush
everything together.  But it'll be harder work!

 _A comprehensive list of the equipment used to make this recipe is included
in the main recipe card below. Click on any item to see an example. There are
no hard and fast rules so many items can be sensibly substituted to achieve
the same results._

## Get Ahead

The flavour paste can be made up to 48 hours and stored covered in the fridge.
You can also freeze it in batches which makes it ideal for making just a few
portions of rice at a time.

The actual rice can be made up to 48 hours in advance and stored well covered
in the fridge. Or it can be frozen. I tend to microwave rice to reheat it.
Cover with cling film and add a tiny bit of water and it will be perfect.

## Leftover Coriander Rice

Just as with rice prepared in advance, any leftovers can be refrigerated then
reheated.

You could use cold leftovers as the base for a version of Egg Fried Rice, stir
in an egg, make the rice into patties and fry them, add it to soup or simply
make a rice salad.

Or just serve rice with another totally different meal!

## Easy Green Rice Tips

Please do not be tempted to peek under the lid of the saucepan, especially in
the second stage of cooking off the heat. If you let the steam and heat out,
it will affect the final cook and texture of the rice.

You will be surprised by how low the heat can be while the rice cooks. If you
don't have a small burner on the hob, consider using a diffuser.

If you do end up with a little bit of crispy rice on the bottom of the pan,
savour it. Crispy rice from the bottom of the pan is a delicacy in many
countries around the world. If its actually burnt, you need to revisit my last
tip!

Don't forget to let me know in the comments if you try making this recipe - I
want to know what you think and if you made any substitutions, how did it turn
out?

## Still Have Questions?

Simple! Just contact me and I will do my best to help as quickly as I am able.
Head over to my Contact Me page, any of my social media channels or post a
comment at the bottom of this page and I'll see what I can do.

## Pin Easy Green Rice (Coriander & Garlic) For Later

Hit one of the share buttons to save this page to your Pinterest boards so you
can come back and find it at anytime!

 _This post may contain affiliate links. Please refer to my_ _Disclosures
Page_ _for more details._

Don't forget to let me know in the comments if you try making this recipe - I
want to know what you think and if you made any substitutions, how did it turn
out?

* * *

## Keep Up to Date

Make sure you SUBSCRIBE to my newsletter and avoid missing out on any of my
newest and bonus content. Don't worry, I promise not to spam you or bombard
you too often. Plus you'll receive a copy of my FREE 7 Day International Meal
Plan!  
  
Also please don't forget to follow me over on my social media channels over at
Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Pinterest. I love to interact with my
followers and I'd love you to share my content with your friends too.

## More Simple Side Dishes

  * Garlic Pea Puree
  * Yorkshire Puddings
  * Green Bean Casserole
  * Lemon & Coriander Couscous
  * Chilli & Ginger Courgettes
  * Topped Roasted Red Onions

* * *

## The Recipe

## Easy Green Rice (Coriander & Garlic)

* * *

This Easy Green Rice recipe is as at home served with an Indian inspired curry
as with a South American feast (call it Arroz Verde) or simple chicken and
grilled veg. Super tasty, super versatile, super easy and fool proof - this
will be your new go-to side dish!

5 from 7 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe Bookmark Bookmarks

KEEP SCREEN ON

Prep Time10 mins

Cook Time25 mins

Total Time35 mins

Servings 4

Author Chloe

### Equipment

  * Chopping Board - Small Plastic

  * Electric Mini Chopper

  * Sharp Knife - Large

  * Measuring Scales

  * Measuring Spoons

  * Measuring Jug - Large

  * Sieve

  * Saucepan - Medium

### Ingredients



MetricUSA Measurements



0.5x1x2x4x

  * 200 g Onion
  * 1 tbsp Garlic Paste
  * 2 tsp Sea Salt Flakes
  * 1 tbsp Vegetable Oil
  * 10 g Fresh Coriander (Cilantro)
  * 250 g Basmati Rice
  * 600 ml Water

### Instructions



  * Top, tail and peel **200g Onion**. Cut into large chunks and add to the bowl of a small processor.

  * Add **1 tbsp Garlic Paste** , **2 tsp Sea Salt Flakes** and **1 tbsp Vegetable Oil**.

  * Blitz until the onion is pureed. You might need to stop, scrape the edges and re-blitz.

  * Roughly cut **10g Fresh Coriander** (stalks and all) and add to the mixer.

  * Blitz again until the coriander is pureed.

  * Scrape out the paste into a medium saucepan. Fry over a high heat for 2 minutes until the raw smell from the onion has gone. You don't want to colour the paste so turn the heat down if needed.

  * Rinse **250g Basmati Rice** under cold water in a sieve until the water stops running white. Add it to the pan stir to coat the rice in the flavourful paste.

  * Add **600ml Water** and stir again. Bring the water up to a boil.

  * Add a lid to the pan and move it to the lowest heat available. Do not touch it for **10 minutes**.

  * After 10 minutes turn the heat off but still do not touch the pan for another **10 minutes** (you can move it but don't peek. It is important to not remove the lid.

  * Mix the rice with a fork to distribute the herbage and fluff the rice.

  * Serve!

### Nutrition (Approx)

Calories: 283kcal | Carbohydrates: 56g | Protein: 5g | Fat: 4g | Saturated
Fat: 3g | Sodium: 1177mg | Potassium: 173mg | Fiber: 2g | Sugar: 2g | Vitamin
A: 170IU | Vitamin C: 6mg | Calcium: 43mg | Iron: 1mg

Download my FREE 7 day international meal plan!Simply subscribe to the Feast
Glorious Feast newsletter and I'll send you the link.

Share by Email

I've linked up this recipe to the #CookBlogShare community which is hosted
this week by Midge at Peachicks Bakery.

  * Pin
  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Yum

March 9, 2021 * 13 Comments

Previous Post: « Sweet Pizza Pockets (Peanut Butter & Jelly)

Next Post: Puff Pastry Steak Bakes »

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Kat (The Baking Explorer) says

April 11, 2021 at 11:15 pm

  
I love the sound of this rice flavour upgrade - so tasty and fresh!

Reply

  2. Cat says

February 6, 2021 at 3:36 pm

  
What a perfect way of making rice a bit more exciting! The perfect
accompaniment for so many dishes.

Reply

    * Chloe says

February 7, 2021 at 10:59 pm

Yes! And the good news is that you can swap the devil coriander for parsley!

Reply

  3. Midge @ Peachicks' Bakery says

February 4, 2021 at 10:55 am

  
Have to admit that we are not coriander fans in this house but this lovely
rice makes me want to give it another go!

Reply

    * Chloe says

February 4, 2021 at 1:49 pm

Never fear, this works just as well with parsley as a straight swap for the
coriander! Or perhaps you could try half and half if you want to attempt
gateway coriander!

Reply

  4. Michelle - Lost in Food says

February 3, 2021 at 3:14 pm

  
I know there are some that don't like corriander - but it is one of my
favourites. I need to do this for the next curry as the whole family likes is
- teens included! Cheers, Michelle x

Reply

    * Chloe says

February 3, 2021 at 5:40 pm

Whooo team coriander!

Reply

  5. Choclette says

February 2, 2021 at 6:22 pm

  
Absolutely love this idea Chloe. I'm so lazy when it comes to rice, I just
boil it. If the rice is lucky, I might add a couple of cardamom pods to the
cooking water! But this sounds so good, I really am going to make an effort
next time we have curry.

Reply

    * Chloe says

February 3, 2021 at 5:40 pm

Honestly for the sake of 3 extra minutes and a tiny tiny bit extra washing up,
you won't regret it!

Reply

  6. Kate says

February 2, 2021 at 6:10 pm

  
Love this - there are so many different things these gorgeous flavours would
go with - simple and versatile, my kinda recipe!

Reply

    * Chloe says

February 3, 2021 at 5:39 pm

Yes! Rice with everything! Lets start a campaign!

Reply

  7. Janice says

February 2, 2021 at 4:19 pm

  
I love how simple this recipe is to make. Absolutely packed with flavour too.

Reply

    * Chloe says

February 3, 2021 at 5:38 pm

I could (and have) actually just eat a bowl of this all on its own!

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### Search Feast Glorious Feast

### Connect with Me

  * Email
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

### Get To Know Me

Hi, I'm Chloe and I'm a foodie recently returned to the north of England. I
love to create feasting menus and I want to help you do the same! Who says you
can't have a feast for one?! I certainly don't!

You'll find loads more info on my about page but feel free to contact me if
you want to know more!

  * Home
  * About
  * Privacy Policy, Disclosures & Disclaimers
  * Contact Me
  * Virtual Feast Services

#### Subscribe Now & Mix Up Mealtimes with my FREE 7 Day International Meal
Plan

Privacy Policy, Disclosures & Disclaimers

By subscribing, you consent to receiving the Feast Glorious Feast newsletter.
You can unsubscribe at any time.

Copyright (C) 2022 Feast Glorious Feast

Search for:

