https://importfood.com/recipes/recipe/174-thai-style-wide-noodles-in-thick-sauce-kuaytiao-lad-na


ImportFood Authentic Thai Recipes

with links to our Thai supermarket

Include Products

Include Recipes

Include Blogs

Include - Content

  * Home
  * Products

    * Thai Curry Paste
    * Thai Sauces & Condiments
    * Thai Spices
    * Fresh Thai Produce
    * Thai Noodles & Rice
    * Thai Cooking Sets
    * Assorted Grocery
    * Thai Cookware
    * Japanese Pantry
    * Hand Forged Japanese Knives

  * Recipes

    * Popular Thai
    * Main Courses
    * Rice & Noodles
    * Thai Soup
    * Seafood
    * Sauces
    * Vegetarian
    * Appetizers / Dessert
    * Thai Street Vendor
    * American-Thai
    * Japanese

  * Videos
  * About Us

    * Company Background
    * Contact Us
    * Testimonials
    * In the News
    * Dino Story
    * Ordering and Shipping

  * Recipe Helper
  * Explore

    * Thai Cooking Features
    * Street Vendors
    * Import Food Blog

  * Shopping Cart

# ImportFood.com

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Rice & Noodles
  * Thai-Style Wide Noodles In Thick Sauce, 'Kuaytiao Lad Na'

﻿

#  Thai-Style Wide Noodles In Thick Sauce, 'Kuaytiao Lad Na'

0

4.1

(16 Reviews)

  * __ Share on Facebook
  * __ Share on Google Plus
  * __ Share on Twitter
  * __ Share on Pinterest
  * __ Share on LinkedIn

  * Email
  * Print

### Similar recipes

Chiang Mai Curry Noodles, 'Khao Soi'

Drunken Noodles, 'Pad Kee Mao'

Korat-Style Stir-Fried Noodles, 'Pad Korat'

Noodles with Fish Curry, 'Khanom Jin'

Thai Druken Noodles, Kee Mao, Chicken

### Street Vendor Videos

Radna Wide Noodles in Gravy  
  
---  
  
Ladna Pork  
  

Lad Na is prepared in a two-step recipe that involves first frying wide rice
noodles until they're just starting to get crispy. Then a sauce is quickly
made and poured over the noodles. The translation of Ladna in English is "Pour
on the Face".

Lad Na is served all over Thailand, so it can be considered a national Thai
dish, see a sidewalk version here that's over 40 years old. It's typically
served not spicy, with Thai condiments on the side to "fix the taste" and make
it more spicy if that's desired. In Thailand, broccoli or "pak kanaa" is
typically used. It's very good with asparagus as well.

### Ingredients

For 4 Person(s)

#### Ingredients

  * 10 Ounces Wide Rice Noodles
  * 4 Tablespoons Vegetable Oil
  * 1 Tablespoon Black Soy Sauce
  * 1/2 Pound Chicken, Cut into Thin Slices
  * 3 Tablespoons Tapioca Flour
  * 1 Tablespoon Maggi Seasoning
  * 1 1/2 Cups Broccoli
  * 1 Tablespoon Coarsely Chopped Garlic
  * 1 Tablespoon Yellow Bean Sauce
  * 3 Cups Chicken Stock
  * 1 Tablespoon Fish Sauce
  * 1 Tablespoon Oyster Sauce
  * 1 1/2 Tablespoons Sugar (or a bit less if you prefer)
  * 1/2 Teaspoon Thai Pepper Powder

 __Buy ingredients for this Recipe

### Method for Thai-Style Wide Noodles In Thick Sauce, 'Kuaytiao Lad Na'

Soak the noodles in warm water for 30 minutes then rinse in cold water. Add
noodles to a pot of boiling water and boil for 1 minute, then rinse in cold
water again, and set aside. Our  Thai cooking basket is a good tool to do this
task.

Toss chicken with 1 tablespoon tapioca flour & the Maggi Seasoning. Marinate
for 10 minutes.

In a mixing bowl, separate the noodles and toss thoroughly with 1 tablespoon
oil and the black soy sauce. Fry this in a nonstick pan (noodles will stick to
a wok so you should use a nonstick pan if possible) until golden brown. Remove
from pan and keep warm.

Saute garlic in oil over medium heat until golden color, then add yellow bean
sauce, stir well until fragrant. Add the chicken and saute until cooked. Add 2
1/2 cups chicken stock. When stock starts to boil, add broccoli and season
with fish sauce, oyster sauce and sugar. Stir well and let cook a bit longer.
Mix remaining tapioca flour separately with the remaining 1/2 cup chicken
stock, then stir in with the chicken & broccoli until it thickens. Remove from
heat.

Arrange the fried noodles on a serving plate, spoon the gravy over the
noodles. Sprinkle with Thai pepper powder, and serve with prik dong in a
separate small bowl (cut the chiles a bit before placing in the bowl). Enjoy!

### Add greens

### Thicken with tapioca

### Almost done

### Pour over the face lad na

### Enjoy

### Wide noodles in thick sauce kuaytiao lad na

### Ingredients ready

### Preparing the noodles

### Thick sauce

### Ladle over noodles

### Fry the noodles

### Add yellow bean sauce to fried garlic

### Fry the chicken

### The stock gravy

### Similar recipes

Chiang Mai Curry Noodles, 'Khao Soi'

Drunken Noodles, 'Pad Kee Mao'

Korat-Style Stir-Fried Noodles, 'Pad Korat'

Noodles with Fish Curry, 'Khanom Jin'

Thai Druken Noodles, Kee Mao, Chicken

### Street Vendor Videos

Radna Wide Noodles in Gravy  
  
---  
  
Ladna Pork  
  

﻿

### Reviews

### Overall Rating (16)

4 out of 5 stars

**Add comment**

### Leave your comments

#### Post comment as a guest

  * Name (Required):

  * Email:

  * Website:

Rate this item :

**0 ** __ **Character restriction**

Your text should be more than 10 characters

Detect Location

Your comments are subject to administrator's moderation.

Submit Comment Cancel

### People in this conversation

###  Comments (16)

  * Sort by Oldest First
  * Sort by Latest First
  * __**__Subscribe with Email**

**Load Previous Comments**

  * ###  Ku

Permalink

Rated 4 out of 5 stars

__

My first ever Thai dish when I was 18 was Lad Na. It was simply my favorite
comforting food. I cannot wait to try this at home! ^^

about 6 years ago  http://maps.google.com/maps?z=15&q;=,

Share __ Short URL: _Facebook Twitter Google Plus _

  * ###  Tom Yum Koong

Permalink

Rated 4 out of 5 stars

__

Lad na is one of my favorite dishes.Easy to cook and taste good)Yummy.Thanks
for sharing!

about 6 years ago  http://maps.google.com/maps?z=15&q;=,

Share __ Short URL: _Facebook Twitter Google Plus _

  * ###  Grant

Permalink

Rated 4 out of 5 stars

__

thank you for the video part of this...it really helps to see the steps..going
too try it for dinner tonight. I really miss the sidewalk cooks...they make
the best lard-nah...so delicious

about 6 years ago  http://maps.google.com/maps?z=15&q;=,

Share __ Short URL: _Facebook Twitter Google Plus _

  * ###  Sharon Fosnight

Permalink

Rated 4 out of 5 stars

__

We are just learning to cook Thai foods. We need a lot of help.

about 6 years ago  http://maps.google.com/maps?z=15&q;=,

Share __ Short URL: _Facebook Twitter Google Plus _

  * ###  Veronica

Permalink

Rated 4 out of 5 stars

__

When I was in college, I lived upstairs from a Thai restaurant (which was
awesome because I ate there just about every day). My favorite dish, by far,
was Lad Na (although they called it "Lad Nar"), and I have to say, this recipe
tastes EXACTLY like the dish I'd get at the restaurant. I was hoping to find a
recipe that was kinda sorta like what I was used to, but I was absolutely
thrilled to find one that was just as good. I really can't rave about this
recipe enough. I just wish that I could find the super-wide noodles that I've
grown accustomed to somewhere online

about 6 years ago  http://maps.google.com/maps?z=15&q;=,

Share __ Short URL: _Facebook Twitter Google Plus _

  * ###  Masha

Permalink

Rated 4 out of 5 stars

__

where can you buy these wide noodles in Bangkok ? i mean not the cooked ones,
so i could bring them home and cook for my friends

about 6 years ago  http://maps.google.com/maps?z=15&q;=,

Share __ Short URL: _Facebook Twitter Google Plus _

  * ###  Sue

Permalink

Rated 4 out of 5 stars

__

There is a dish from Indonesia called Rad Na. I wonder if they are similarly
prepared?

about 6 years ago  http://maps.google.com/maps?z=15&q;=,

Share __ Short URL: _Facebook Twitter Google Plus _

  * ###  kham

Permalink

Rated 4 out of 5 stars

__

I love lad nah .it been 20 years since I made my own lad nah. love it

about 6 years ago  http://maps.google.com/maps?z=15&q;=,

Share __ Short URL: _Facebook Twitter Google Plus _

  * ###  Anonymous

Permalink

Rated 4 out of 5 stars

__

Alas, my gut can no longer handle wheat products, so no yellow bean sauce, or
oyster sauce. I miss laat nah. Does anybody have suggestions for substitutes,
especially the yellow bean sauce?

about 6 years ago  http://maps.google.com/maps?z=15&q;=,

Share __ Short URL: _Facebook Twitter Google Plus _

  * ###  Tara

Permalink

Rated 5 out of 5 stars

__

Made this recipe many times, except I substituted the yellow bean with black
bean/mirin. I usually double sauce ingredients, cause I like lots of sauce. It
is always a hit!!

about 3 years ago  http://maps.google.com/maps?z=15&q;=,

Share __ Short URL: _Facebook Twitter Google Plus _

### Stickies

### Lovies

  

Top

×

### Please login to use this feature

OK

## Contact Us

Phone: 888-618-8424  
You can email us at  
  

### Our mailing address

7544 W Lemhi St, #11  
Boise, ID 83709

## Follow Us

  * Home
  * Ordering and Shipping
  * Privacy Policy
  * Legal
  * Site Map

Copyright (C) 2022 ImportFood. All Rights Reserved.

__

  * Home
  * Products
    * Thai Curry Paste
    * Thai Sauces & Condiments
    * Thai Spices
    * Fresh Thai Produce
    * Thai Noodles & Rice
    * Thai Cooking Sets
    * Assorted Grocery
    * Thai Cookware
    * Japanese Pantry
    * Hand Forged Japanese Knives
  * Recipes
    * Popular Thai
    * Main Courses
    * Rice & Noodles
    * Thai Soup
    * Seafood
    * Sauces
    * Vegetarian
    * Appetizers / Dessert
    * Thai Street Vendor
    * American-Thai
    * Japanese
  * Videos
  * About Us
    * Company Background
    * Contact Us
    * Testimonials
    * In the News
    * Dino Story
    * Ordering and Shipping
  * Recipe Helper
  * Explore
    * Thai Cooking Features
    * Street Vendors
    * Import Food Blog
  * Shopping Cart

