https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/215073/hot-pepper-sauce-a-trinidadian-staple/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Side Dish
  4. Sauces and Condiments
  5. Sauces
  6. Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

# Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.7

58 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 48 
  * 4 star values: 8 
  * 3 star values: 0 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 2 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 58 Ratings 
  * 53 Reviews 
  * 10 Photos 

Trinidadians LOVE their 'peppa' sauce, and this one is full of flavour and
heat! Sooooo easy to make -- no cooking, just your blender to create this
taste of the islands. Try using different peppers to vary the flavour and
heat. Use over meats, in sandwiches and stews. Trinis use it in anything
savoury!

Recipe by Trini

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

Add Photo

Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple James Gullett

Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple Emmelie Koster

Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple David Sudhop

Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple Lien Schuller

\+ 6 6 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

30 mins

total:

30 mins

Servings:

100

Yield:

3 cups

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

100

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 100 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 15 habanero peppers 
  * 1 small mango - peeled, seeded, and cut into chunks 
  * 1 onion, roughly chopped 
  * 3 green onions, roughly chopped 
  * 2 cloves garlic, roughly chopped 
  * 1 ½ cups distilled white vinegar 
  * 2 limes, juiced 
  * 2 tablespoons vegetable oil 
  * 4 tablespoons dry mustard powder 
  * 1 tablespoon salt 
  * 1 teaspoon curry powder 
  * ½ teaspoon grated lime zest 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Wearing disposable gloves, and being careful not to get any in your eyes or on
your skin, roughly chop the habanero peppers. Place the habanero peppers,
mango, onion, green onions, and garlic into a blender. Pour in the vinegar,
lime juice, and vegetable oil, cover the blender, and pulse until the mixture
is very finely chopped. Stop the blender, and add dry mustard powder, salt,
curry powder, and lime zest. Blend again until the sauce is smooth. Pour into
clean jars, and store in refrigerator.

Advertisement

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

7 calories; protein 0.2g; carbohydrates 0.7g; fat 0.4g; sodium 70.1mg. Full
Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (53)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

zeezdawter

Rating: 5 stars

08/25/2010

I made this Pepper Sauce today, and I must say...it is the hottest I've ever
had! But here's the difference...it also has a lot of flavor. Some people like
just heat; but if there's no flavor, then it's no different than a mouthful of
fire. I didn't change anything at all since it was my first time making it.
But maybe next time I will use just 10 habaneros so some of my friends will be
able to eat it without bursting into flames! Thanks for a great recipe.

Read More

Helpful (37)

### Most helpful critical review

huntclan

Rating: 1 stars

12/05/2011

I wanted this to work very badly so I followed the instructions to the letter.
I even had the missus help me out. The recipe made 4 1/2 cups and smelled
putrid. I blended, mixed and even put it through the grinder to try and "thin-
it-out." The concoction was still very thick. I put it in some chili to see if
I mixing it with food would eliminate the smell and add some flavor. No way!
The overpowering MUSTARD taste and smell was still present. Think about it, a
quarter cup of Dry Mustard. Perhaps if it was eliminated the recipe might be
good. I didn't even use the entire quarter cup because I ran out. The mixture
tastes like a Vodka Mustard Schnapps.

Read More

Helpful (9)

58 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 48 
  * 4 star values: 8 
  * 3 star values: 0 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 2 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

zeezdawter

Rating: 5 stars

08/25/2010

I made this Pepper Sauce today, and I must say...it is the hottest I've ever
had! But here's the difference...it also has a lot of flavor. Some people like
just heat; but if there's no flavor, then it's no different than a mouthful of
fire. I didn't change anything at all since it was my first time making it.
But maybe next time I will use just 10 habaneros so some of my friends will be
able to eat it without bursting into flames! Thanks for a great recipe.

Shanna

Rating: 5 stars

11/04/2010

I have little experience with hot sauces, but I saw this and wanted to make it
for my hubby who loves anything hot. However, I took someone else's suggestion
to only use 10 peppers. I was, at first, disappointed because I tried it and
could tolerate it (I'm a bit wimpy). The taste was wonderful, but there was
only a little heat. Then it hit me. Wow! This stuff is fantastic! I love it
and it was a huge hit in my house.

Sydneysmama

Rating: 5 stars

01/11/2011

I am making this sauce again today for the second time in 5 months. My husband
loves it! So does my son and I. It is amazing made like buffalo wing sauce.
Melt a stick of butter with a cup or so of sauce and simmer. It tones down the
heat a little, which is not said as a good or bad thing because obviously
people who make this sauce LOVE hot food, it's just simply a fact. It just
happens to be that it is an amazing combination warmed with butter, and is
fantastic on crispy wings or as a dipping sauce for tenders or grilled chicken
(or pork). Trust me, try it. Use as much butter or sauce to your liking-you
can't go wrong. Also, this stuff is amazing straight up on mac and cheese!
Wow! We are addicted to that combo. Definitely 5 stars!

Sherry Knoebel Roberts

Rating: 5 stars

08/17/2011

Wow, I feel just like the other reviewers, great taste/flavor to go with the
heat. My husband likes the hot sauce in the family and I usually stay away, as
most are just fire in your mouth. I made this and it was accepted by everyone.
I did not use Habaneros, I have a garden and tons of hot peppers ( 5 or 6
kinds) and was running out of things to do with them - this was fantastic. I
really think the Mango and green onion does something for these hot peppers,
we have had it on chicken, fried pork chops, with chips, I made a curry meal
and we ate it with that. My husband took it to work for others to try, it is
gone and I am ready to go and pick some more peppers. You will not be unhappy.
Thanks for a great receipe. NOTE: I tried to make this and process it in a
pressure cooker like I do other things, it did not taste the same, it was not
bad when we opened the jars, but it seemed to be fermenting - tiny bubble
inside, not sure why, or what was reacting with what - but it altered the
taste, much better fresh - will try freezing some next time I make a batch and
see how that does. WE REALLY LIKE THIS SAUCE.

huntclan

Rating: 1 stars

12/05/2011

I wanted this to work very badly so I followed the instructions to the letter.
I even had the missus help me out. The recipe made 4 1/2 cups and smelled
putrid. I blended, mixed and even put it through the grinder to try and "thin-
it-out." The concoction was still very thick. I put it in some chili to see if
I mixing it with food would eliminate the smell and add some flavor. No way!
The overpowering MUSTARD taste and smell was still present. Think about it, a
quarter cup of Dry Mustard. Perhaps if it was eliminated the recipe might be
good. I didn't even use the entire quarter cup because I ran out. The mixture
tastes like a Vodka Mustard Schnapps.

Thomas Madden

Rating: 5 stars

10/23/2011

This is a great recipe! Used 15 whole pepper from the garden, did not bother
to seed. Great kick and superb flavour. Blended for 6 mins to make sure the
seeds were crushed.Ignore the bad review, this was probably from someone who
has not developed the heat tolerance or can understand how heat and flavours
work together. I will be making this one again.

Mark

Rating: 4 stars

08/08/2010

This is a tremendous sauce. I would recommend this to anyone growing hot
carib/various habenero peppers. Very easy to make but use caution protecting
your eyes, sking when chopping peppers

Mary B

Rating: 5 stars

08/26/2010

Very easy very good very HOT! Thanks!

Iris Berkel

Rating: 5 stars

08/02/2011

This sauce is easy to make, just follow the directions. The only thing I did,
differently was to blanch the peppers in a half cup of vinegar first, then I
continued with the recipe. My family loves hot sauce, and they love that this
sauce makes you sit up and notice the food! It has the heat!

wattage

Rating: 5 stars

08/14/2011

Very easy to make! Had great flavor and a good lingering heat. It would be
great with a piece of grilled white fish. I used frozen mango chunks and
omitted the oil.

Jajji May

Rating: 5 stars

11/06/2012

This is the BEST! I modify it slightly, 10 peppers with the seeds removed, and
I add about an inch of ginger root. The mustard I go a little light on, but
close to 1/4 cup (which, by the way is the equivalent of 4 Tablespoons). Oh,
and Tumeric. It is good for you, and heightens the color. I have given jars to
a bunch of friends, and they all rave about it, even the people who are
somewhat pepper wimps. One friend hates curry, so I poured some out before
adding it and she has been playing around with different spices, so far likes
cumin the most. The best thing is how easy it is to whip up. I am so glad I
stumbled onto this recipe.

CSKing3

Rating: 5 stars

01/28/2012

I made this for a friend who wants a HOT sauce with LOTS of flavor. She went
NUTS over this and this is now her favorite! It's awesome over fried chicken
or added to almost anything! The different flavors of the curry, mustard and
lime truly enhance the habanero peppers and create an amazing balance. I had
45 peppers so I doubled the recipe plus the extra peppers, but still only used
1 1/2 cups of the vinegar to bring out the lime taste more. WOW!!

Richard Barfield

Rating: 5 stars

08/24/2013

Definitely going into my file of favorites. My favorite recipes are the
forgiving ones, like this. You can vary many of the ingredients and still come
up with an outstanding sauce. I personally prefer the flavor of the Thai hot
peppers in my garden to the much hotter habanero, and the sauce works fine
with them. You can also choose just how hot to make your sauce by how many and
what type of peppers to add. I also went heavier on the mango and the jamaican
curry powder and the lime, and a little lighter on the mustard and the
vinegar. It is better if you have the fresh green onions to add to the regular
onions, but it is a subtle improvement that many people would not detect. The
best hot sauces are from the Caribbean basin and this is one of the best of
the best.

Dixi

Rating: 1 stars

08/27/2011

we were super disappointed with this recipe. We cut the peppers down to 10
like some of the other reviews, but it was still WAY to hot. So we made a
second batch and cut this one down to 4 peppers, which made it tolerable, but
we didn't care for the flavor. Sorry

Spicy Fan

Rating: 5 stars

09/08/2013

Have been looking for something this spicy for a long time. Great with just
about anything.I like to dip sourdough bread in it and really enjoy the
flavor. Also on a hamburg instead of relish.

Alison Gussack

Rating: 5 stars

11/18/2012

So easy and a great way to use up the last hot peppers of the season. Very
flavorful and hot! I keep in the fridge and put on everything.

Sam Albione

Rating: 5 stars

04/16/2013

This is an awesome recipe, I put it on everything.

Crisp1099

Rating: 5 stars

10/08/2012

This recipe is excellent with some changes. I used 1 1/2 teaspoons of mustard
powder, I didn't have limes so I used about 1/4 cup of lemon juice, I also
used a 16 oz can of sliced mangos drained and rinsed. I used 12 habanero
peppers. Everything else was the same as the recipe. Great taste and flavor
and will be making this for years to come. Try this recipe and you won't be
disappointed. Definitely do not use 1/4 cup of mustard powder, that is just
silly or wrong!!!!!!

Casey Hutcherson

Rating: 5 stars

11/23/2013

I substituted ghost chiles for the habaneros, and I substituted berbere for
the curry. I also used a vidalia onion and a peach instead of the mango. It
turned out really well, and it made a large enough batch to share with some
friends. Those friends have been hounding me for more of this stuff even since
I made it. We ended up putting it on just about everything we ate, and we
found ourselves inventing excuses to eat something that could be dipped in
this sauce/salsa. It was that good.

chriscjc

Rating: 5 stars

10/08/2012

I love hot sauce and made this one. It is one of my favorites if not the
number one! I've tried alot of different hot sauces and this one has the best
flavor as well as having a great kick. The freshness of the lime and onions
lend tremendous flavor and the curry sets it apart from most other hot sauces.
LOVED IT

petey

Rating: 4 stars

01/14/2019

OK I made it. Turned out good, it looks good has great flavour, but I wish it
was hotter. My wife won’t find it hot enough and she’s from Trinidad and they
like their pepper sauce surface of the sun hot.

Michael Jackson

Rating: 5 stars

01/17/2020

This is my go to recipe for pepper sauce. Its flavorful as well as hot. I love
what the sweet fruit does to introduce the heat to the pallet. The other
ingredients reach out to so many dishes that it uses are endless . People I
serve it to ask me to bring it to diners, and request a bottle for personal
use! The credit belongs to you for this masterpiece and I give you full
credit. Thank you so much Trini. I will follow your recipes. Thank you
Allrecipes for presenting recipes of true diversity, cultural value, taste and
joy through cooking!

Korianno McNeal

Rating: 5 stars

03/11/2016

Thank you for the recipe! I've made this several times because it is so
addictive. I'm making another batch today for my co-workers.

Wapiti

Rating: 5 stars

04/28/2016

Very good island flavor, i headed the extreme hot warnings and it seemed to
turn out pretty spot on, only changes i made were to only use 12 peppers and i
removed stems, seeds and ribs, still very hot but doesn't melt the roof of
your mouth...good recipe only thing is it makes ALOT! will half next time, not
sure i can use this all before it goes bad...

Jane Allen

Rating: 5 stars

09/28/2014

OMG This is so good. I was completely intimidated by the amount of habeneros,
but it really is tasty. It of course hot but you can mellow it out if you need
to. I used equal amounts of butter and a dollop of honey (I hate sweet wings)
and it was tremendous but I did also dip the wings in the sauce straight up. I
added 2 carrots and used about 10 homegrown habeneroes. I used 2 TBSP of
mustard because of what others have said. This is such a different taste for
wings, I haven't been so inspired for wings in a LONG time. I did make this
outside and used all the safety instructions per earlier reviews (thank you).
I did remove seeds and membranes as I didn't want my intestinal tract to
revolt.

Laurie Yeatts View

Rating: 5 stars

05/18/2014

I made this tonight, and it is amazing! Not for the faint of heart. Don't kid
yourself, now matter how few habanero peppers you use, it's going to have
serious heat. Delicious!!

Laurie

Rating: 5 stars

11/27/2018

Didnt make any changes.... might make 2 versions of it. One as the original
and one that has less heat.

DocDave

Rating: 5 stars

09/26/2015

I have made this a couple of times and it has turned out great each time.
Omitted the oil at my wife's request because she wants to Can a batch.

Lien Schuller

Rating: 5 stars

08/06/2019

This is the third time I am making this sauce. I add scotch bonnet and
scorpion peppers this time. Along with Carolina reaper and scorpion pepper sea
salt. It has heat but still a lot of yummy flavor .

quinoahater

Rating: 4 stars

01/07/2015

I plan to make this this year. I'm growing several kinds of peppers but plan
to use my Aji Peppers (50,000 scovilles) for a double batch and then use my
sweet ones plus ajis again for a second batch. Rememebr the purpose of hot
peppers is to enhance the flavor not burn your mouth, so play with the
varieties! A recipe like this is more of a blueprint that you can modify

Yvette Andrews

Rating: 5 stars

11/07/2015

Followed the recipe, very easy

colinphillips

Rating: 5 stars

11/05/2019

Great recipe! I used to experiment with different hot sauce recipes then I
found this one and I haven't looked back. I use a variety of peppers that I
grow in my garden. (habanero, scotch bonnet, Trinidad scorpion, Carolina
reaper, ghost) Changes: Reduce the amount of mustard powder to 2 Tbsp per
batch. Blend the peppers whole (I don't remove the seeds). Warm the sauce up
to just before boiling then stick blend to achieve a smooth consistency. When
the sauce cools I put it in hard plastic bottles that I have sanitized.
(Gatorade is perfect)

letscook2013

Rating: 5 stars

10/02/2019

Holy cow is this good. The mixture of mango sweet with the habanero heat!!!!!!
I love it!!!!!

Daniel Saei

Rating: 5 stars

09/06/2020

Hot with a unique flavor.

JohnCrane

Rating: 5 stars

02/06/2018

This is my absolute favorite sauce. I put it on nearly anything savory, yet I
find it pairs best with pork. Minor adjustments: I add 1/4 cup of honey, 1 tsp
dried ground ginger, 1 tsp liquid smoke, 1 tsp vanilla powder. Other than
that, i follow to the letter. Only fresh mango will do. If I would have to
choose canned, I simply will not make it. This is the best habanero-based
sauce I have ever tried, and I highly recommend it to anyone who likes spicy
food. Try it, sez me!

Beth R. Malak

Rating: 4 stars

08/03/2017

Love it !!! beautiful blend of distinctive flavor

Sheila Salwa Carman

Rating: 4 stars

10/28/2021

Very hot. Great flavor. I think I'll add more mango to tone down the heat.

Steve Ruck

Rating: 5 stars

09/08/2015

I use a mix of Habanero and Jalapeno peppers because I enjoy a hotter sauce. I
added 2 carrots to the recipe and used olive oil instead. This recipe uses way
too much dry mustard powder, I used 2 teaspoons instead.

MARCIAINATL

Rating: 5 stars

07/30/2017

I love this sauce and would put it on everything if I could. Great on my eggs
and oatmeal in the morning!

MarcelParé

Rating: 4 stars

02/21/2015

Good as a marinade

Sasan

Rating: 5 stars

11/26/2014

I always buy hot sauce but didn't have any and my food was ready waiting....,I
stumbled on this recipe though didn't have all the ingredients, I used: 3 x
garlic, two thirds of a white onion, 4 x scotch bonnet peppers, teaspoon curry
powder, salt and apple cider vinegar, forgot to add the oil, didn't have limes
etc. I didn't like the colour (my peppers were yellow and lime green, so added
a big squeeze of tomato puree. I took the vinegar harshness away with a little
bit of brown sugar. It took less than 5 minutes to make and it is
deeeelicious, blew my head off with the heat and flavour. Amazing! thank you!
I look forward to following the recipe properly next time, the ingredients are
on my shopping list. Though, not sure I need to add the oil - is it necessary?

Lisa Jones

Rating: 5 stars

08/01/2021

Okay, this is absolutely fantastic. It is so simple, throw everything in the
blender and you come out with the best hot sauce I've ever made or eaten. My
husband wants to put it on everything and I literally had a thought of "okay,
wonder if we could turn this into ice cream." Okay, maybe not but it is
outstanding. We even take it to restaurants. I have made it with multiple
kinds of chiles and works beautifully with anything. Also, frozen mangoes,
again, works perfectly. If you don't have mustard powder, some plain yellow
mustard has worked. If you are getting something 'putrid' you are doing
something wrong wrong wrong.

Lowell Berg

Rating: 4 stars

10/03/2017

Used less mustard in subsequent batches, great flavor. Best with rice and
beans. Next batch will be with Carolina reapers.

Eric Shannon

Rating: 5 stars

06/24/2019

This is a wonderful no-cook hot sauce. It it quite hot by itself and has a
very fresh taste. The heat is not one that lingers too long either. Once this
sauce is put on food the heat kind of mellows out a bit and does not over
power. I have made this a couple of times, and it makes so much I give it out
to my friends, and they LOVE it! It is good on just about everything, but
especially good on chicken, pork and believe it or not egg rolls.

joecooks

Rating: 5 stars

09/12/2017

Incredible! I made it exactly as written other than I used turmeric instead of
curry powder simply because it was what I had on the shelf. I ate it on
tortilla chips to test...WOWZA! Super yummy and not as hot as I had expected
but definitely a good kick. I have served it over both pork loin and pork
tenderloin and loved it. I had it on a naked hamburger and thought it was
incredible. I used it all in 4 weeks and am back to make more.

cmscranton

Rating: 5 stars

09/09/2018

I am so pleasantly surprised how this turned out. I used 5 ghost peppers from
my garden (adjusted the pepper quantity so the scovilles would just about
match), and had only 2 tbsps of ground mustard on hand, instead of the 4. It's
fresh, and tangy, and hot, and has lots of flavor. I canned the jars so I
won't have to refrigerate them until I am ready to use.

Josue Nolasco

Rating: 5 stars

10/15/2013

Awesome! Exactly the flavor I was looking for. The only thing I changed was
that I added 5 more Habanero peppers.

Striker

Rating: 5 stars

10/28/2015

This sauce was outstanding! I didn't have any limes, but I did have lime
juice, so I omitted the lime zest. Only had about 10 habenero's, so I added 6
red savina's to make up the difference. I love using fresh peppers from my
garden instead of buying them from a store. I was thinking this sauce was
going to be to sweet for me because of the mango, but it came out fantastic!
It made more than I was expecting ... almost ran out of bottles. Will be
making this one again!!

Emmelie Koster

Rating: 5 stars

11/13/2020

a next day update: the flavor really sets in after two days. where the pepper
dominates day 1 and 2, on the third day the flavours really deepen

Breea James-Selle

Rating: 5 stars

10/11/2015

YUM!!! So hot and sweet and just the right amount of complexity. Happy to find
something that I can make to use my overabundance of habaneros.

Mina Y

Rating: 5 stars

08/13/2020

This was the simplest hot sauce I've ever made, plus no cooking required. It
has a delightful Caribbean flavor which takes precedence if you use peppers
with less heat. I fell in-between, using half hot and half mild, which
guaranteed I would be able to taste some background flavor. Remember, whatever
color of pepper you put in is what colors it, not the mango flesh. All-in-all,
a great recipe that I will come back to again and again!

Karly100

Rating: 5 stars

06/18/2018

I had lemons on hand so I substituted for the limes. Very flavourful! My
family loved it.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

05/06/2022

My wife was from Trinidad and the first time I had this I was hooked. The main
company Matouks of Trinidad makes this and sells it all over the world. It's
fairly expensive although I have to say I cannot tell the difference. Every
family in Trinidad has its own receipt for Pepper Sauce. Actually it is
supposed to be healthy for you and its very low in calories and it enhances
almost every food and has you know it does not take a lot. Try it on omelets,
sandwiches, fish, and even pizza also adds a kick to the dry instant noddles.

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

##  All Reviews for Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

Servings Per Recipe: 100  
Calories: 7.1  

% Daily Value *

protein:  0.2g

carbohydrates:  0.7g

dietary fiber:  0.1g  1 %

sugars:  0.4g

fat:  0.4g  1 %

vitamin a iu:  25.3IU  1 %

vitamin c:  1.3mg  2 %

folate:  1.2mcg

calcium:  2.3mg

iron:  0.1mg

magnesium:  0.8mg

potassium:  11.2mg

sodium:  70.1mg  3 %

calories from fat:  3.8

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 53

Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

1 of 10 Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

James Gullett

Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

2 of 10 Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

Emmelie Koster

Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

3 of 10 Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

David Sudhop

Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

4 of 10 Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

Lien Schuller

Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

5 of 10 Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

petey

Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

6 of 10 Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

lisa168

Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

7 of 10 Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

Ronald Baptiste

Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

8 of 10 Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

Catherine Samuel

Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

9 of 10 Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

Striker

Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

10 of 10 Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

Charles

Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

11 of 10 Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

Ron Evers

Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

12 of 10 Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

Sherry Knoebel Roberts

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

