https://www.thecuriouschickpea.com/easy-homemade-hot-sauce/


Skip to Content

Search Magnifying Glass

Search for: Close Search ×

  * Recipes
    * Entrees
    * Appetizers
    * Breakfast
    * Dessert
    * Gluten Free
    * Pasta
    * Pizza
    * Bread
    * Cheese
  * Quick Recipes
  * About

# Easy Homemade Hot Sauce

72 Comments

  * Pin
  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Email

Jump to Recipe

_With this easy homemade hot sauce you may never have to buy hot sauce again!
Well, that 's probably not true but you will get to enjoy the most delicious
hot sauce, and one that tastes even better for having made it yourself!_

Homemade hot sauce is a fun and delicious project to tackle when you have a
bounty of hot peppers. You can use a variety of hot chilies to make your own
hot sauce, and the combinations of peppers and seasonings you can use are
endless!

The basic premise is to lightly ferment hot peppers before blending them into
a sauce, similarly to making sauerkraut and the like, then mix them up with
vinegar.

Most hot sauces have other seasonings like garlic, onion, and sometimes
contain spices like cumin, coriander, or even mustard seeds.

But whether you want a clean heat where the fruity flavor of the peppers come
through or a well seasoned hot sauce, this recipe is a great place to start
and make your own!

## The Hot Chili Peppers:

You can make hot sauce from green chilies or red/orange ripe chilies. The main
differences will be the color of the sauce, the heat level, sweetness, and
flavor of the peppers themselves.

I love making hot sauce from my home grown chilies and varieties I buy at my
local farmer's market. But I've also made them with hot peppers from the
grocery store and it turns out great that way as well!

Different chiles have different water content. Some are fleshier and contain
more water, while some have thinner skins. Some peppers contain more seeds and
others are more hollow.

Because of this your hot sauce may end up being thicker or thinner, and if
it's too thick you can add water or vinegar to thin.

Sometimes I like to strain out the pulp for a thinner more watery hot sauce,
and other times I leave the pulp in for a thicker hot sauce (which can be
thinned to a pourable consistency)!

Basically, you can use this method to make hot sauce with any hot chili
peppers, but feel free to adjust it to meet your own preferences!

Other than having different textures, as you know different peppers have
varying spice levels-you've heard of the scoville scale? Spicier peppers will
make hotter hot sauce, and milder peppers will make milder hot sauce.

If I have a lot of really hot chiles, such as habaneros, I like to mix them
with some milder chiles.

I've made this hot sauce with cherry bomb peppers, cayenne peppers, habaneros,
and tabasco peppers. And combinations of them.

## The fermentation of homemade hot sauce:

Don't get scared away from the idea of fermenting peppers to make hot sauce!
Fermentation is a big word, but luckily chilies are some of the easiest foods
to ferment.

Both the heat of the chilies, the salt, and garlic that are added to the mix
help prevent unwanted bacteria from growing, while the naturally occurring
good bacteria on the produce itself is able to culture.

Fermenting the peppers helps the flavor develop and helps preserve the hot
sauce. I don't do a long fully fermented version of this hot sauce, where the
"pepper mash" made in the first step is submerged fully in brine and left to
ferment for 1-2 weeks (if not longer).

But we get a bit of fermentation going and then let it at room temperature.

### My process to make hot sauce is simple.

First, you add a bunch of hot peppers, garlic, (onion if using), salt and
water to a food processor and chop it coarsely to make a thick and pulpy
salsa.

Transfer the mixture to a clean glass jar, cover it with cheese cloth, and
place a rubberband around the lip to hold it in place.

Set aside for 24 hours to kick start the fermentation, then stir in the
vinegar and let it ferment for a week-still covered with cheese cloth.

At that point, transfer the mixture to a blender and blend until fairly
smooth.

If you want a thinner hot sauce or your blender can't make the sauce smooth
enough, you can strain the sauce through a fine-mesh strainer. For a thin and
smooth hot sauce you can run it through a cheesecloth lined strainer to remove
all pulp. Make sure to squeeze out all the liquid from the pulp if you use
cheesecloth!

If you want to keep the pulp, just add more water (or cut it with a bit more
vinegar if you want more acidity) to thin it out the desired consistency while
you're blending.

### Wear disposable food safe gloves at all steps when handling the hot
chilies!!! This is very important!

The flavor of homemade hot sauce is so fresh and perfect when compared to
store bought versions. For an easy maybe 15 minutes of total hands on time,
you have a mouth watering results that can (theoretically) last you for months
if you pace yourself. But there is no need, you can just make more!

## Make your homemade hot sauce your own!

There are so many variations you could make, from what kinds of chiles you
use, to which type of vinegar you use and how much you add even.

### Do you want your hot sauce sweeter?

Sometimes sweetness balances out the spicy and brings out flavor even more.
You can add sugar to the final hot sauce to taste (start with a teeny amount)
or do it by adding sugar containing vegetables to the sauce.

For flavor and a bit of natural sweetness, add chopped onion* when you first
chop up the chilies and garlic. Or you can add a carrot at this point! Carrot
is a great earthy tasting, natural sweetener.

*Doesn't really what kind of onion you use, but white and yellow onions won't "muddy" the color of the final sauce like red onions might.

You could try making a mango hot sauce by rehydrating dried mango and blending
it into the final sauce. This is really nice with a spicy sauce like habanero
hot sauce.

### Try adding spices to your hot sauce.

Try adding some toasted and ground cumin seed or coriander seed. A little
ground toasted mustard seed could also be nice to add some "up your nose"
heat.

I usually go for the clean peppery flavors of my hot sauces, but sometimes
it's fun to switch things up!

### Change the heat level:

We've all done it. Bitten off more than we can stomach spice-wise! Hot sauce
is nice because you can add more if it's not too spicy and use it in small
amounts if its a very spicy hot sauce.

But if you're making it yourself then you can start out with a mix of peppers
to suit your own heat tolerance!

For a mild-to-medium hot sauce try using: jalapeños, serrano peppers, cherry
bomb peppers, banana peppers, or fresno peppers. You can use all of one pepper
or do a combination.

For a medium-to-hot hot sauce try using: cayenne peppers, fish peppers, thai
chilies, or tabasco peppers. Again you can use all of one kind of pepper or
use a combination.

For a hot-to-insane hot sauce try using: habanero, scotch bonnet, or ghost
peppers. If using these peppers I would personally mix them with one of the
medium-spicy or milder chiles.

This is not a complete list of chilies of course, and the same pepper (even
same pepper plant) can produce peppers of wildly varying spice level. It's
part of the adventure when it comes to chilies!

I hope you feel inspired to try making your own, homemade hot sauce!

_If you make this homemade hot sauce, leave a comment below and rate the
recipe on the recipe card. And please share your photos with me on Instagram,
tag @thecuriouschickpea and #thecuriouschickpea. I love seeing your
recreations!_

##### WANT MORE DELICIOUS VEGAN RECIPES?  
SIGN UP FOR MY EMAIL NEWSLETTER & FOLLOW ME ON INSTAGRAM, FACEBOOK, AND
PINTEREST!

Continue to Content

## Easy Homemade Hot Sauce

_Yield:_ ~1 1/2 cups

_Prep Time:_ 10 minutes

_Fermenting Time:_ 8 days

_Total Time:_ 8 days 10 minutes

Homemade hot sauce is cheap and easy, and the results are fresh tasting and
mouthwatering. It's way better than store bought versions! This recipe can be
adjusted if you have more or less peppers. If you have a scale keep around
2-3% of salt by weight, otherwise weigh your peppers when you buy them and
adjust the salt based on the amount you have.

Wear gloves when handling the hot peppers.

Print

### Ingredients

  * 226g (8oz) chili peppers, tops removed and coarsely chopped 
  * 2-3 garlic cloves, peeled 
  * 6g (1 tsp) coarse kosher salt* 
  * 1/4 cup water 
  * 1/4 cup apple cider vinegar, white wine vinegar, or rice wine vinegar 

### Instructions

  1. Add the peppers, garlic cloves, salt, and water in a food processor. Process until you reach the texture of a chunky salsa.
  2. Transfer to a clean glass container and cover with a cheesecloth. Leave on the counter at room temperature for 24-48 hours.
  3. After 1-2 days, stir in the apple cider vinegar. Leave on the counter, covered with a cheesecloth for 5-7 days (if you have time, go the full week!).
  4. After 1 week, transfer to a blender and puree until smooth. If it's very thick add more water (and/or vinegar to taste) to thin. Optional: strain the sauce through a mesh strainer or cheesecloth lined strainer. Squeeze out all the juice from the remaining pulp. Straining will make a thinner sauce, so wait to thin the sauce if you are straining it.
  5. Transfer to a clean jar or hot sauce bottle and refrigerate. It will last for several months.
  6. Separation is normal, shake before use.

### Notes

*If using finely ground sea salt, decrease amount slightly.

Make the sauce your own! You can sweeten or flavor the hot sauce by adding
other vegetables in the first step (e.g. onion or carrots). Or add a bit of
sugar to taste to the final hot sauce. Or try adding spices like cumin,
coriander, or mustard seed to the final hot sauce.

### Did you make this recipe?

Please leave a comment on the blog or share a photo on Instagram

(C) Eva

**Cuisine:** American  / **Category:** Condiments

This recipe was originally published on May 16, 2017. The amounts have been
adjusted in this updated recipe to make it easier to work with smaller amounts
of peppers. The original amounts were:

  * 1 1/4 lbs cherry bomb peppers, or your choice of fresh chiles, tops removed
  * 6 garlic cloves
  * 1 1/2 tbsp coarse kosher salt
  * 1/2 cup water
  * 1/2 cup apple cider vinegar

  * Pin
  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Email

By Author Eva Agha

Posted on Published: October 24, 2020

Categories Condiments, Gluten Free, Reader Favorites

Tags

Tags

cayennechilesgluten freehot saucespicyvegan

## Post navigation

Vegan Red Velvet Cupcakes

Vegan Tandoori Sheet Pan Dinner

Click here to cancel reply.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

Jim

Monday 1st of August 2022

I feel like I'm missing something. Everything egg I've seen fermented in the
past is always fully submerged. A 1/4 cup of water is no where close to
submerging the peppers. Can anyone confirm?

Lily

Tuesday 5th of July 2022

Would it be okay to make this recipe without salt?

Eva Agha

Wednesday 6th of July 2022

You 100% need to use salt in this recipe to safely ferment the hot sauce.
Specifically use 2-3% salt by weight of the peppers and any other ingredient
added to ferment (like garlic and onion).

Top 100+ Keto Condiments and Sauces (The Ultimate List!)

Wednesday 29th of June 2022

[…] Easy Homemade Hot Sauce by The Curious […]

Paul

Tuesday 21st of June 2022

Thanks! First batch is fermenting. I was trying to read the type of knife you
were using. Do you have a favorite type/brand? Thank-you.

Eva Agha

Wednesday 22nd of June 2022

That's a Pallares Solsona carbon steel paring knife, I like to use it for
photos and paring jobs but it needs a little extra care due to being carbon
steel (it'll rust if left wet). For my everyday knives I use Shun knives, but
recommend that you try knives out in person and see what feels best in your
hand! There are a lot of good knives out there :)

Kennedy

Sunday 12th of June 2022

Very nice recipe, I would like to know however if it can also work on a
business venture...Making it for wholesale and or retail.thank you

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

### About The Curious Chickpea

Hi I'm Eva, the face behind The Curious Chickpea. My favorite animal is the
tiger, but I'd rather hug a chicken. I love to cook and bake and want to share
that passion with you.

### Follow The Curious Chickpea:

  *   *   *   * 

### Current Reader Favorites

### Crispy Baked Buffalo Tofu Wings

### Vegan Chickpea Meatballs in Roasted Red Pepper Sauce

### Tibetan Vegetable Momos with Spicy Sesame Tomato Chutney

### Vegan Caramelized Mushroom Pizza

### Vegan Malai Kofta: Indian Dumplings in Curry Tomato Cream Sauce

### Web Stories

Check out these slide show stories on your favorite Curious Chickpea recipes!

Copyright © 2021 | The Curious Chickpea LLC | Affiliates Disclosure | Privacy
Policy

Skip to Recipe

  *   *   *   *   * 

