https://www.chilipeppermadness.com/recipes/roasted-ghost-pepper-sauce/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  *     * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * Twitter
    * YouTube

  * About
  * Cookbooks
  * Shop
  * Search

  * Recipe Index
  * RECIPES BY TYPE
    * BBQ/Grilled
    * Burgers
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chili
    * Curry
    * Dehydrator
    * Game Day
    * Hot Sauces
    * Jalapeno Poppers
    * Marinades
    * Pickling
    * Preserving
    * Quick and Easy
    * Salsas
    * Sauces
    * Seasonings
    * Stuffed Peppers
    * Tacos
  * COOKING TIPS
  * Pepper Info
    * Chili Pepper Types
    * The Scoville Scale
    * Hottest Peppers in the World
    * Growing Chili Peppers
    * Preserving
    * Health Benefits
    * Frequently Asked Questions
    * Buy Plants & Seeds

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * Recipe Index
  * All Recipes
  * Pepper Info
  * Chili Pepper Types
  * The Scoville Scale
  * Growing Chili Peppers
  * Preserving
  * Chili Pepper Health Benefits
  * Frequently Asked Questions
  * Cooking Tips
  * Cookbooks
  * Shop
  * About Us

×

Home » Roasted Ghost Pepper Sauce

# Roasted Ghost Pepper Sauce

by Mike Hultquist · Oct 26, 2018 · 62 Comments

Jump to Recipe

  *   *   *   *   * 

_This roasted ghost pepper sauce recipe roasts several ghost peppers with
carrots and garlic to make a very spicy yet also sweet sauce that can be used
to enhance many dishes._

More ghost pepper recipes, my friends! This time in the form of HOT SAUCE!
Super excited.

Hot sauces always excite me. There isn't a better condiment out there. Hot
sauces can be used to flavor and spice up practically every food there is -
we're talking breakfast, brunch, lunch, dinner, dessert, snack time, come on!
When DON'T we need hot sauce?

Don't answer that. Because I always need a good hot sauce on hand to add that
pizzazz we all crave.

If you want to cook with ghost peppers, you need to be ready for the heat.
Ghost peppers, aka Bhut Jolokias, top out at over 1 Million Scoville Heat
Units, which is roughly 200+ times hotter than an average jalapeno pepper.

Learn more about ghost peppers here.

Hot sauces are one of my favorite things to make. I've become a bit fanatical
about it, really. You can tell by the growing collection of Hot Sauce Recipes
on the web site.

I've made a number of different ghost pepper sauce and hot sauce recipes on
the web site - I'll link to those below - but for this sauce I'm oven roasting
the ghost peppers first along with garlic and carrots to bring a unique and
satisfying flavor.

## Wait, Carrots? YES!

Carrots have an innate sweetness that brings that quality as well as substance
to the finished sauce, especially when they're roasted. You'll be surprised at
the flavor of the finished sauce.

Let's talk about how we make this particular ghost pepper sauce, shall we?

## How to Make Roasted Ghost Pepper Sauce - The Recipe Method

First, preheat your oven to 350 degrees F. Slice the ghost peppers in half
lengthwise (be sure to wear gloves!) and place them on a lightly oiled baking
sheet.

I removed the seeds from my ghost peppers, but you don't have to.

Next, peel and slice the carrots in half and set them on the baking sheet.

Slice the ends off of the garlic cloves and set them on the baking sheet. This
will let them squeeze out of their skins easily.

Bake the veggies for 20 minutes, or until the carrots have sufficiently
softened.

Remove and give the carrots and ghost peppers a rough chop. Set them into a
food processor.

Squeeze the garlic out of their skins into the food processor.

Add in a bit of apple cider vinegar, lemon extract, salt to taste and about a
quarter cup of water. Process until smooth. It should be fairly thick at this
point.

Adjust the consistency of the sauce with a bit more water to your personal
preference. Enjoy!

## Recipe Tips

  * **Ghost Peppers.** The recipe calls for 2 ounces of ghost peppers, which is roughly 5-6 average weight pods. However, you can add more of them if you'd like more heat and more pronounced ghost pepper flavor.
  * **Add Sweetness.** If you're looking for a sweeter version of this sauce, add in a bit of honey or agave nectar to the mixture. Fruits are also great for this. Brown sugar would be an interesting addition as well.
  * **Flavor Adjustments.** You can also round out flavors to your preference with fresh or dried herbs, other chili peppers, and/or powders.
  * **Water Alternatives.** Instead of water, consider broth or beer, but I would simmer the sauce about 15 minutes first to let those flavors meld.

## Safety Advice

When working with hotter peppers, including superhots, it is important to wear
gloves when handling the peppers both in raw and dried forms. The oils can get
on your skin and cause burning sensations. See above.

Need help? How to Stop the Chili Pepper Burn On Your Skin.

Also, the fumes from the chili peppers and/or the fine powders may get into
the air if you are not working in a well ventilated room, so you may want to
wear a mask and goggles. Superhot chili peppers, truly, are called superhots
for a reason.

Here are some answers based on the many comments I get on other sauces. Here
goes:

## How long will this hot sauce keep?

It should keep a few months easily in the fridge, or even longer. It's all
about the acidity. To be technical, target level ph for shelf stable foods is
below 4.6 ph, but should probably be lower for home cooks, around 4.0 or
lower, to account for errors. I have not measured the ph of this sauce, but I
won't have it around very long anyway. If you're concerned, add more vinegar
or a citrus to lower the ph.

The best ph meters that I recommend are from Thermoworks. Get yourself a ph
meter from Thermoworks today. I am a happy affiliate.

## Where'd you get that hot sauce bottle?

I find them locally sometimes, but I also order through Amazon. Here is a link
to some bottles I like (affiliate link, my friends!): Swing Top Glass Bottles,
8.5 Ounce - Set of 4. If you like the smaller bottles that most hot sauce
makers use, here's another link: Hot Sauce Bottles, 5 Oz - 24 Pack.

## Can I process this hot sauce for longer storage?

Absolutely. Just be sure to use proper canning/jarring safety procedures.

## What should I do with hot sauce?

Aside from drizzling it over anything you please, here's a post I did about
How to Cook with Hot Sauce. As if you need even MORE reasons to eat hot sauce.
I hope you find it helpful!

## Try Some of My Popular Ghost Pepper Recipes

  * Ghost Pepper Hot Sauce
  * Homemade Ghost Pepper Chili Hot Sauce
  * Sweet Ghost Pepper-Pineapple-Pear Hot Sauce
  * Ghost Pepper Chicken Curry
  * Fresh Ghost Pepper Salsa
  * Ghost Pepper Salsa
  * Ghost Pepper Jelly

Check out more Hot Sauce Recipes or learn more about How to Make Hot Sauce -
The Ultimate Guide.

Got any questions? Ask away! I'm happy to help. If you enjoy this recipe, I
hope you'll leave a comment with some STARS. Also, please share it on social
media. Don't forget to tag us at #ChiliPepperMadness. I'll be sure to share!
Thanks! -- Mike H.

Print

## Roasted Ghost Pepper Sauce - Recipe

This roasted ghost pepper sauce recipe roasts several ghost peppers with
carrots and garlic to make a very spicy yet also sweet sauce that can be used
to enhance many dishes.

Course: hot sauce, Main Course, Salsa

Cuisine: American

Keyword: ghost pepper, hot sauce

Prep Time: 5 minutes

Cook Time: 25 minutes

Total Time: 30 minutes

Calories: 2kcal

Author: Mike Hultquist

Servings: 48

**Tap or hover to scale**

5 from 16 votes

Leave a Review

### Ingredients

  * 2 ounces ghost peppers about 5-6 average sized ghost peppers
  * 6 ounces carrot about 1 medium sized carrot
  * 3 garlic cloves
  * 2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar
  * ¼ teaspoon lemon extract or use the juice from 1 lemon
  * Salt to taste
  * ½ cup water for thinning, or use more as desired

### Instructions

  * Preheat your oven to 350 degrees F.

  * Slice the ghost peppers in half lengthwise (be sure to wear gloves!) and place them on a lightly oiled baking sheet.

  * Peel and slice the carrots in half and set them on the baking sheet.

  * Slice the ends off of the garlic cloves and set them on the baking sheet. This will let them squeeze out of their skins easily.

  * Bake the veggies for 20 minutes, or until the carrots have sufficiently softened.

  * Remove and give the carrots and ghost peppers a rough chop. Set them into a food processor.

  * Squeeze the garlic out of their skins into the food processor.

  * Add the apple cider vinegar, lemon extract, salt to taste and about a quarter cup of water. Process until smooth.

  * Adjust the consistency of the sauce with a bit more water to your personal preference. Enjoy!

### Notes

Heat Factor: HOT! You'll get some great heat from the ghost peppers.

Makes 1 cup.

### Nutrition Information

Calories: 2kcal   Sodium: 2mg   Potassium: 14mg   Vitamin A: 595IU   Vitamin
C: 1.2mg   Calcium: 2mg

Did You Enjoy This Recipe?I love hearing how you like it and how you made it
your own. Leave a comment below and tag @ChiliPepperMadness on social media.

  *   *   *   *   * 

Categories: Ghost Pepper Recipes Tags: Chili Pepper Madness, chili pepper
recipe, ghost pepper, hot sauce recipe

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

  1. Brianna Evans says

April 30, 2022 at 2:08 pm

I love your recipes and that you use to HOT peppers that most people are
afraid to touch! I can hot peppers from our garden, and I would like to try
something like this recipe in bulk. I have a ton of reaper peppers that I will
exchange for ghost for now, until my ghost pepper plants start producing.
Should I multiply this recipe times the number of half pint jars I’m wanting
to make or is this just a small batch recommendation??

Reply

    * Mike Hultquist says

May 02, 2022 at 6:50 am

Brianna, thanks! Yes, you can easily just multiply for larger batches. Enjoy!

Reply

  2. Sue says

October 23, 2021 at 7:03 am

  
I’ve made this once and turned out amazing. Curious how this would taste with
Green Ghost peppers. We cleaned out the garden and have tons of greenies.

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

October 23, 2021 at 7:19 am

Thanks, Sue. You'll get more of a "raw" flavor with green pods, but doable!
Enjoy!

Reply

  3. nancy says

August 30, 2021 at 1:39 am

I have been making hot sauces for a many years. I started following recipes on
chili pepper madness and I find that I can't handle the heat from the peppers
any longer. It there a way I can water down the sauce so its not so hot where
it can enjoyed again?

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

August 30, 2021 at 5:47 am

Nancy, you can water it down, or make another batch of this with really mild
peppers, like bell peppers, then combine the two to balance it out. Or add
other ingredients, like tomato, to dilute the heat. Let me know how it goes
for you.

Reply

  4. Mimi says

August 14, 2021 at 1:22 pm

  
This is my first attempt at growing pepper plants - doing them for my hubby. I
have Reapers, Ghost, Orange Trinidad Scorpions, cayenne, purple cayenne,
casabella, Anaheim, jalapeño, Serrano, habanero and poblanos. They have all
grown like crazy and I’m fermenting, pickling and canning them as fast as I
can. Do you “can” your hot sauces? This is my first time doing this and would
love any advice. My hubby’s favorite is your Reaper hot sauce recipe. We have
to clear out the house when I roasted the peppers

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

August 14, 2021 at 4:36 pm

Sounds great, Mimi. Enjoy the peppers. Nice selection. I don't can or process
mine in a water bath, as I use them up pretty quickly and they last a long
time because of the acidity. See my section on How to Make Hot Sauce
(https://www.chilipeppermadness.com/recipes/how-to-make-hot-sauce/) for more
information on that. Enjoy the sauces!!

Reply

  5. Derek T says

August 09, 2021 at 3:05 pm

  
Making now with 2 scorpions, 2 ghosts, 5 habaneros, 3 (spicier than average)
jalapeños, and a dozen or so serranos! I have not eaten yet (as it is melding
in the fridge for the next day or so), but the sample before I closed the jar
was delicious! Thanks, as always, for the inspiration!

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

August 09, 2021 at 3:16 pm

Awesomeness, Derek! I love it! Nice choice of peppers. I have a bunch
mellowing in my fridge right now as well. Enjoy!

Reply

  6. Peter B. says

August 02, 2021 at 6:38 pm

  
Holy Crap!!!! This is sooo good. I smoked the ghost peppers & roasted
everything else. Do you think if I made it in bulk it would keep in the
freezer? Smoked with pecan chips by the way.

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

August 03, 2021 at 5:46 am

Awesome, Peter. Thanks for sharing. Yes, you can freeze this sauce. Glad you
enjoyed it! Nice touch with the pecan chips.

Reply

  7. Ken Moore says

March 06, 2021 at 7:26 am

  
Who is gonna keep it in the fridge for 4 month?. Delumcious

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

March 06, 2021 at 7:31 am

I hear you, Ken! So good!

Reply

  8. Raphael says

October 06, 2020 at 4:08 am

  
Soooo tasty!  
I really love this Ghost Pepper recipe because the taste of the sauce nearly
is like a fresh pod!  
And btw, your site is just great!! 😀

kind regards

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

October 06, 2020 at 6:03 am

Thanks, Raphael! Glad you enjoyed it.

Reply

  9. Matt M says

August 20, 2020 at 12:59 pm

  
I love this one and use it as the base for my junk drawer ghost recipe. I do
as Mike describes above, and then add in whatever looks great in the garden.
For this one, I added 25 basil leaves (sweet and lemon), threw in a few
reapers and a few serranos (always use ghosts as my base). It's amazing how
much better this sauce tastes when it rests in the refrigerator for a week.
Thanks, as always Mike!

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

August 20, 2020 at 3:06 pm

Excellent! Sounds perfect, Matt!

Reply

  10. Pamela Porosky says

May 27, 2020 at 5:27 pm

I'm just wondering if you would be able to can this in a water bath process

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

May 28, 2020 at 6:43 am

Pamela, yes, you surely can. Check the pH first, though. Shoot for a pH of 3.5
or lower for home jarring.

Reply

  11. Kevin McKeown says

March 27, 2020 at 5:26 pm

Sounds great. How long will this sauce last in the refrigerator ?

Thanks,  
Kevin

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

March 28, 2020 at 9:41 am

Kevin, this hot sauce should keep a few months easily in the fridge, or even
longer. It’s all about the acidity. To be technical, target level pH for shelf
stable foods is below 4.6 pH, but should probably be lower for home cooks,
around 3.5 or so, to account for errors. If you’d like it to last even longer,
add more vinegar or a citrus (such as lemon juice or lime juice) to lower the
pH. Enjoy!

Reply

  12. Christopher says

January 27, 2020 at 8:16 pm

Hey Mike. I was just wondering if I'd be able to used dry peppers. I dont know
where to find fresh peppers this time of year in Minnesota. Thank you!

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

January 28, 2020 at 9:45 am

Hey, Christopher. Yes, you can absolutely use dried peppers for making this or
any hot sauce. Just don't roast them in the oven, as they will burn. Instead,
lightly toast them a couple minutes in a dry hot pan. You can rehydrate them
then in hot water before making your sauce, or they will rehydrate in your
liquids when you simmer everything. Let me know how it turns out for you. I
made this sauce using dried pods, so review that one for some extra tips:
https://www.chilipeppermadness.com/chili-pepper-recipes/hot-sauces/cilantro-
habanero-hot-sauce/

Reply

  13. Mark Ryan Crouch says

January 13, 2020 at 12:37 pm

I was thinking of using apple cider beer like angry orchard instead of water.
Do you think that will have a weird taste with the apple cider vinegar?

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

January 13, 2020 at 2:27 pm

Hi, Mark. I think it would be very interesting to try apple cider beer in a
hot sauce. I cook with beers all the time and they add excellent flavors. I
say give it a go and see how it comes out for you. It's fun to experiment and
play with new flavors. Good luck and enjoy!

Reply

      * Mark Ryan Crouch says

January 22, 2020 at 3:38 am

Well. Not to bad with the apple cider beer. I stuck with the apple cider
vinegar. And 9 ghost peppers. Lol. Oh I threw in some maple syrup. Made it
really sweet!!! Thank you for the recipe!!!!

Reply

        * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

January 22, 2020 at 7:59 am

Great to hear, Mark! Nice touch with the ghosts!

Reply

  14. Lynne beadle says

December 10, 2019 at 7:27 pm

Mike, first time trying to make hot sauce and we are picking yours! Sorry for
the ignorance, but can we simply store the sauce in the bottles or do we need
to prep the bottles before hand? I noticed one of your recipes mentioned
sterilized bottles,,, ????????‍♀️ Can’t wait to give it a try! Thanks! Lynne

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

December 11, 2019 at 8:19 am

Lynne, you can store the sauce in bottles, no problem. I like to wash them
thoroughly before using with hot water. If your goal is longer term storage,
then I would boil them or at least run them through a hot cycle in the
dishwasher. Really just practice good sanitary practices. Let me know it turns
out for you!

Reply

  15. Suzi says

November 05, 2019 at 2:40 pm

Have you tried throwing in a small piece of pineapple for sweetness? Just
wobdering if i should tey or will it ruin my whole batch.

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

November 05, 2019 at 2:44 pm

Suzi, absolutely. I add fruits to my hot sauces all the time, especially
pineapple. Check out some of my other hot sauce recipes on the site that use
pineapple. Let me know how it turns out for you.

Reply

  16. Mike says

October 29, 2019 at 11:48 am

  
Excellent recipe Mike. Thank you. Love what roasting does for the flavor
profile.

Where did you find that very cool bottled pictured? I’ve seen it a few times
on your site. I checked the links you provided but didn’t see it.

Thank you!

Mike

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

October 29, 2019 at 12:31 pm

Thanks, Mike! I appreciate it. That bottle was actually recycled from a bottle
of rum someone gave me. I kept it because it looks so cool! Haha. Great for
photos.

Reply

  17. Kasper says

October 10, 2019 at 10:50 am

  
Really an excellent hot sauce and so easy to twist the flavoring a bit if
you're into that.  
I'm going with Reapers, Monkey Face, Bhut and a few Habaneros. Hot but flows
like water at work where we are a few chili aficionados.

Thanks for the recipe!

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

October 10, 2019 at 12:05 pm

Outstanding, Kasper! I love to hear this. Let the hot sauce flow!!! Thanks for
the comments!!

Reply

  18. Nicholas Keller says

October 03, 2019 at 2:28 pm

  
This sauce is awesome! I removed most of the seeds from all but one pepper and
the sauce lit up my mouth wonderfully. Added roasted 1/2 an onion, doubled the
vinegar and added a couple teaspoons of honey. Scaled back on the water to
make a thic sauce. Loved it!

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

October 03, 2019 at 3:39 pm

Great, Nicholas! Great news!!!

Reply

  19. John says

September 29, 2019 at 4:09 pm

  
Hello Michael. It took a few years to figure out growing superhots. Now that I
have peppers coming out my ears you've shown me some great ways to tame them.

This recipe is killer. I used 15 ghosts and 4 carrots in a batch today for two
8 oz. bottles.. It is excellent tasting and outrageously hot. The peppers
really shine through and the carrots add just the right amount of sweet.

Thanks again. Your cooking rocks. Tomorrow we try the pineapple mango fatali
sauce.

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

September 29, 2019 at 4:31 pm

Excellent! I love to hear this, John. I greatly appreciate the comments, and
I'm super happy you're able to cook with your superhots! Thanks! Glad you are
enjoying it.

Reply

  20. Alex says

September 28, 2019 at 4:55 pm

  
First time growing ghost peppers this year. Been trying out a lot of your
recipes. Subbed some homemade black garlic for regular garlic and it was
amazing. Thanks for all the great ideas.

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

September 29, 2019 at 8:09 am

Excellent, Alex! Glad you are enjoying the recipes!

Reply

  21. Didi says

September 15, 2019 at 8:07 am

Just curious why the recipe calls for lemon extract instead of lemon
juice/zest?

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

September 15, 2019 at 3:06 pm

Didi, extract has more pronounced lemon flavor, but you can use zest instead
if you'd like.

Reply

  22. Karoline says

September 13, 2019 at 6:05 pm

Hello Mike!

Quick question: I take it this is supposed to be a thicker/chunkier type of
hot sauce. Would adding more vinegar to it to thin it out ruin it? And if so,
would you recommend more ACV or white? I’m looking to make it into a thinner
“Tabasco sauce-like” consistency.

Thank you!!

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

September 14, 2019 at 9:00 am

Karoline, you can add vinegar, no problem. You can also strain it to get a
thinner sauce and thin it with water if you'd like. For vinegar, both are
good. Just use a top quality for flavor. Let me know how it goes.

Reply

  23. Tommy says

September 09, 2019 at 3:08 pm

20 ghost peppers is way more than 2 ounces this must be a typo !!!!  
My Ghosts are almost an ounce each , what is it 2 peppers or 20 peppers ? Big
diff LOL

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

September 09, 2019 at 3:19 pm

Tommy, yes, an average ghost pepper weighs about 1/3 ounce, so it's really 5-6
average sized pods. This recipe CAN take up to 20 of those, though. Still, it
sounds like you have some good sized pods, so I would use 2-3 of them for the
first time around, then adjust accordingly for the next batch. Let me know how
it goes. I adjusted the recipe to make this clearer. Thanks!!

Reply

    * Tommy says

September 10, 2019 at 4:50 pm

Mike ,  
I have some beautiful peppers this year , the best crop ever !! I used 6
ghosts and it came out great ! Yes it is hot but the smoky garlic flavor reall
pops. Thanks Mike looking forward to trying some more of your recipes as I
have at least 100 Ghost Peppers and a huge crop of Habaneros . All grown in
NYC by the way .

Reply

      * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

September 11, 2019 at 6:53 am

Thanks, Tommy! Glad to hear the crops are popping! Such a wonderful thing.

Reply

  24. Michelle says

September 03, 2019 at 5:20 pm

  
Hi Mike, what about smoking the peppers instead of the oven?

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

September 03, 2019 at 10:11 pm

That would be outstanding, and I would be super jealous because I would want
some!!!

Reply

  25. Andrea says

July 13, 2019 at 5:20 am

Hi Mike. I have loads of frozen Naga morich peppers from last year's harvest.
This sauce seems like a good way of using them up. Do you think it is ok for
me to roast peppers that have been frozen?

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

July 13, 2019 at 1:05 pm

Andrea, yes, you can roast those. Just make sure the pods are dried as much as
possible after thawing. You can also pan cook them. Let me know how it turns
out!

Reply

  26. Curt Jones says

July 02, 2019 at 6:59 am

I want to produce this sauce in large quantity for bottling and selling in my
small local shop.

To increase the volume do I just do a multiplication of all ingredients? I am
looking at making 5 ltr (+-34 US Fluid Ounces) for bottling in 250ml bottles
(+-8 Ounces)

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

July 02, 2019 at 7:48 am

Curt, yes, just multiply the ingredients to scale up. You might start with a
smaller batch to test, then increase as needed. Let me know how it turns out
for you.

Reply

  27. Kevin says

May 21, 2019 at 1:55 am

  
I'll try it with grilled carrots, orange habaneros and onions. (with a few
smoke flavour)  
I hope it will be delicious. thanks the recipe!

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

May 21, 2019 at 6:07 am

Great, Kevin! Sounds awesome.

Reply

  28. Bryan says

April 25, 2019 at 3:06 am

Tried this with Carolina reapers and birds eye chilies it’s amazing

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

April 25, 2019 at 6:07 am

  
Excellent, Bryan!

Reply

  29. Jerry Johnson says

November 22, 2018 at 3:35 am

  
Thanks heaps for the recipies! Ypu are lucky having ghosts on tap as i have
difficulty finding exotic hot chillies. I grow my own organics, they have nice
flavour but not insane heat. Maybe for the best as what i consider mild others
consider, if not torture then really uncomfortable! Anyhoo, thanks heaps for
the recipie ideas, i dont follow them exactly, just find inspiration and run
with it! Cheers.  
Jerry

Reply

    * Michael Hultquist - Chili Pepper Madness says

November 22, 2018 at 8:46 am

That's great, Jerry! Thanks for stopping in!

Reply

## Primary Sidebar

**ALL. SPICY. RECIPES.** Hi, I’m Mike and I LOVE Spicy Food! Say goodbye to
bland and boring food with my easy-to-follow recipes. Let’s get cooking!

More about me →

Mexican

Cajun

Sauces

Seasonings

### 5 ESSENTIALS FOR SPICY COOKING

Subscribe and receive my FREE email series with tips for spicy cooking and new
Recipes

**AMAZON / BARNES & NOBLE / ** **INDIEBOUND  ** **/  BOOKS A MILLION**

**AMAZON / BARNES & NOBLE / INDIEBOUND**

### Most Popular Recipes

  * Bang Bang Chicken

  * Creamy Fish Taco Sauce

  * Mexican Birria Recipe

  * Homemade Blackening Seasoning

  * Michelada Recipe - Spicy Mexican Beer and Tomato Juice Cocktail

  * Pollo Guisado Recipe (Chicken Stew)

## Footer

## NEVER MISS A RECIPE

Receive my "5 Essentials for Spicy Cooking" email series & new recipes

Search

  *   *   *   *   * 

↑ back to top

About | Contact | Travel-Food | Stories | Privacy | Disclaimer | © 2022 Chili
Pepper Madness

EXCLUSIVE MEMBER OF MEDIAVINE FOOD

