https://www.twopurplefigs.com/hot-pepper-sauce/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * By LifeStyle
      * Gluten Free
      * Vegetarian
      * Vegan
    * By Course
      * Appetizers
      * Main Dishes
        * Chicken
        * Beef
        * Lamb
        * Pasta
        * Pizza
        * Sandwiches
        * Seafood
      * Side Dishes
      * Soups
      * Salads
      * Breakfast & Brunch
      * Desserts
        * Cakes
        * Cheesecakes
        * Cookies
        * Bars & Brownies
        * Muffins
        * Pies
      * Drinks & Smoothies
    * By Method
      * Videos
      * Quick & Easy
      * Air Fryer
      * Crock Pot
      * Instant Pot
      * Finger Food
      * Bread
      * Dips
    * By Cuisine
      * American
      * Asian
      * Mediterranean
      * Mexican
    * By Occasion
      * Easter
      * Holidays
      * Parties
      * Potluck
      * Tailgate
  * Recipe Videos
  * About Me
  * Work with Me
  * Sign Up
  * Search

You are here: Home / Recipes / Cuisine / Mediterranean / Hot Pepper Sauce

# Hot Pepper Sauce

August 5, 2020 by Mahy, Updated April 21, 2021 25 Comments

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

My grandpa's Hot Pepper Sauce is a hot sauce recipe that goes with everything.
Everything! Extremely flavorful sauce bursting with hot pepper flavor, and
super spicy so proceed at your own risk ðŸ™‚ Whipped up in a food processor so no
cooking required! Best Homemade Hot Sauce ever!

I know there are plenty of hot sauces at your grocery stores, and I've tried a
bunch of them. However, they often times have an off taste of something. It
could be vinegar, garlic, a certain spice, a type of oil..something.

And for that I always have a jar of this sauce. It's my go to hot sauce
recipe. Chunky, flavorful and ready in minutes!

## **HOT PEPPER SAUCE**

First of all, any pepper here would work but I chose those spicy red thai
chillies so I should probably call this a Red Pepper Sauce.

The rule of thumb when making homemade hot sauce is always that, the type of
flavor you get is based on the type of pepper you use.

And this rule specifically applies here because it's a no cook sauce. Often
times when we cook hot sauces, the pepper flavor is cooked down with spices or
vinegar. But today we're maximizing on the flavor of the pepper.

Since this is a no cook sauce also, keep in mind this is a chunky sauce. You
could always opt for processing it more and straining the sauce, but honestly
please don't.

There's something about the texture of this sauce that makes it stand out. So
I can't urge you enough to keep it chunky as it is.

## **HOT SAUCE RECIPE**

If you haven't attempted to make a homemade hot sauce before, you're quite
missing out! This hot sauce recipe is the perfect one to start with. And
here's why.

  * It tastes like pure hot peppers with a hint of garlic.
  * No harsh vinegar, spice, oil taste that overpowers the peppers.
  * Ready in minutes without cooking or waiting for it to cool.
  * Chunky texture that adds to the taste.
  * It's my grandpa's homemade recipe that has been around for years!
  * It's influenced by the flavors of the Mediterranean.
  * It goes with EVERYTHING!

### Ingredients for the Hot Pepper Sauce:

  * Peppers : the absolute STAR of the hot sauce. Make sure you pick the type of pepper that has the best flavor you're looking for. This is the dominant flavor in this sauce, so choose it wisely ðŸ™‚
  * Garlic
  * Salt
  * Vinegar (just 2 tablespoons to add the saucy-ness, not flavor)
  * Olive oil (also to emulsify and create the sauce consistency)
  * Herbs : Cilantro and a touch of mint
  * Optional: Sweet bell pepper to balance out the heat.

## **HOW TO MAKE HOMEMADE HOT SAUCE**

Super simple.

Gather all the ingredients above and place them in the bowl of your food
processor.

Puree the sauce until it's chunky.

This is the perfect chunky texture you need to look for!

At that point you'll pour the sauce into a mason jar and pour olive oil on the
surface just to cover it. That should be probably around 1 1/2 tablespoons.

And you're done!

## **HOT SAUCE TIPS**

  * Start with quality peppers for the utmost flavor. Also keep in mind the level of heat, not just the flavor of the peppers.
  * Use a sweet bell pepper to offset the heat from the hot peppers.
  * The amount of vinegar is just to create a slight sauce and the flavor of vinegar is not meant to be dominating.
  * The hot sauce is meant to be chunky, so don't over process it.
  * Adding a thin layer of oil over the top of the sauce helps preserve the sauce.
  * Store the sauce in your fridge for up to 3 months.
  * For the Salt-to use the full tablespoon of coarse salt, make sure you're using Kosher or Sea salt. If you're using table salt, then drop the salt 1 teaspoon - 1/12 teaspoon at most.

## **RECIPES TO PAIR WITH THIS SPICY SAUCE**

Juicy Spicy Turkish Meatballs

Spicy Harissa Lamb Shoulder Chunks in Pita Cones with Tahini Sauce

One Pot Meal Of Lentils And Spinach

Smashed Potatoes With Spicy Lamb

Spicy Sweet Sriracha Mango Chicken Sandwich

Spicy Beef Fajita Burgers

Grilled Chicken Breast Skewers

Grilled Lamb Skewers BBQ Party

3.75 from 58 votes

Print

## Hot Pepper Sauce

My grandpa's Hot Pepper Sauce is a hot sauce recipe that goes with everything.
Everything! Extremely flavorful sauce bursting with hot pepper flavor, and
super spicy so proceed at your own risk ðŸ™‚ Whipped up in a food processor so no
cooking required!

Course condiment

Cuisine Mediterranean

Keyword Homemade Hot Sauce, Hot Pepper Sauce, Hot Sauce Recipe

Prep Time 10 minutes

Cook Time 0 minutes

Servings 30 Tablespoons

Calories 23 kcal

Author Mahy

### Ingredients

  * 3 cups Hot peppers whole
  * 1/4 cup red bell pepper or any colored pepper
  * 6 cloves garlic whole
  * 1 tablespoon coarse salt  Kosher or Sea salt (see note below)
  * 2  Tablespoons vinegar White or white balsamic
  * 1/4  cup olive oil extra virgin
  * 1/3  cup cilantro leaves
  * 1/4 cup mint leaves

#### Drizzle

  * 1 Tablespoon olive oil extra virgin

### Instructions

  1. Place all ingredients in a food processor, and process until chunky.

Pour the sauce into a mason jar and drizzle with the extra tablespoon of olive
oil over the top.

Store in the fridge and Enjoy!

### Recipe Notes

## **HOT SAUCE TIPS**

  * Start with quality peppers for the utmost flavor. Also keep in mind the level of heat, not just the flavor of the peppers.
  * Use a sweet bell pepper to offset the heat from the hot peppers.
  * The amount of vinegar is just to create a slight sauce and the flavor of vinegar is not meant to be dominating.
  * The hot sauce is meant to be chunky, so don't over process it.
  * Adding a thin layer of oil over the top of the sauce helps preserve the sauce.
  * Store the sauce in your fridge for up to 3 months.
  * For the Salt--to use the full tablespoon of coarse salt, make sure you're using Kosher or Sea salt. If you're using table salt, then drop the salt 1 teaspoon - 1/12 teaspoon at most.

Nutrition Facts

Hot Pepper Sauce

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 23 Calories from Fat 18

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 2g **3%**

Saturated Fat 1g **6%**

 **Sodium** 234mg **10%**

 **Potassium** 53mg **2%**

 **Carbohydrates** 2g **1%**

Fiber 1g **4%**

Sugar 1g **1%**

 **Protein** 1g **2%**

**Vitamin A** 171IU **3%**

 **Vitamin C** 22mg **27%**

 **Calcium** 4mg **0%**

 **Iron** 1mg **6%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

###

## Related Posts

Olive Oil Cake Spicy Harissa Lamb Shoulder Chunks in Pita Cones with Tahini
Sauce Homemade Hot Chocolate Recipe & Hot Chocolate Bar Spicy Mayo

855 shares

  * Share
  * Pin855
  * Yummly
  * Email
  * WhatsApp

Filed Under: Dips, Mediterranean, Parties, Recipes Tagged With: chunky sauce,
cilantro, condiment, fresh mint, garlic, homemade hot sauce, hot peppers, hot
sauce, Mediterranean sauce, olive oil, vinegar

Previous Post: Â« Blackberry Mojito - A Virgin Mojito Recipe

Next Post: Halloumi Cheese Salad Â»

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Casey

June 15, 2022 at 8:38 am

  
You're right, this sauce can literally go on EVERYTHING! The mint is amazing
for freshness! SO GOOD!

Reply

  2. Amy

November 9, 2021 at 10:54 am

How long will will this sauce keep and how should it be stored?

Reply

  3. DK

November 8, 2021 at 8:48 am

Can you use mix green and red cayenne peppers? I just got a bunch of them from
my co-worker and needed a recipe to use them up, and this seemed perfect. I
also have a lot of banana peppers too, was thinking of using that as the sweet
pepper to offset the heat.

Thanks!

Reply

  4. Nancy

October 30, 2021 at 2:19 pm

can this be canned? Thanks!

Reply

  5. Jay

June 23, 2021 at 9:25 pm

Can I mix on multiple types of peppers? Was thinking chilli pepper and
jalapeno.

Also, what if I mixed in fire roasted peppers too?

Reply

    * Mahy

June 24, 2021 at 9:54 am

Hi Jay, I actually LOVE the peppers combo you mentioned!! These would be a
terrific sauce! YES you can absolutely blend any types of peppers together for
this sauce, we've always done that!:)

Reply

  6. Gael

September 26, 2020 at 4:01 pm

  
It was too salty for me. I liked everything else about. Colorful and the mix
of cilantro and mint was nice.

Reply

    * Mahy

September 26, 2020 at 9:52 pm

Hi Gael, happy you liked this sauce too! Just wondering if you use table salt
or kosher/sea salt? It can make a difference if you're using regular table
salt.

Reply

    * Mahy

September 26, 2020 at 9:58 pm

  
Hi Gael, also wanted to let you know that I edited the salt in the recipe to
highlight using sea salt or kosher salt only for the full tablespoon.

Reply

  7. SHANIKA

August 19, 2020 at 11:40 am

  
OMG! This Pepper Sauce looks amazing! I love anything spicy, so having a
homemade sauce is right up my alley!

Reply

    * Mahy

September 23, 2020 at 11:02 am

Shanika this sauce is a MUST try!

Reply

  8. Kerri

August 19, 2020 at 10:48 am

  
I have so many things I could put this on! Delish!

Reply

    * Mahy

September 23, 2020 at 11:03 am

I use it on everything too!!

Reply

  9. Pam Greer

August 19, 2020 at 10:18 am

  
Once you try a homemade pepper sauce, you can't go back to store bought! I'm
going to use this on everything!

Reply

    * Mahy

September 23, 2020 at 11:03 am

so happy you enjoyed this Pam

Reply

  10. Erica

August 19, 2020 at 9:49 am

  
This looks gorgeous, I love the colors! I"m getting better with being able to
eat spicy food, but my husband absolutely loves spicy sauces, so I might have
to give this one a try!

Reply

    * Mahy

September 23, 2020 at 11:14 am

Erica, your husband will absolutely love this!

Reply

  11. Rosemary

August 10, 2020 at 11:46 pm

This sauces looks quite tasty an flavorful. Love that I can enjoy it with
everything. I look forward to trying it!

Reply

  12. Toni Dash

August 10, 2020 at 12:47 pm

  
I love how easy this is to make!! Thanks for the recipe!

Reply

  13. Sue

August 10, 2020 at 11:43 am

  
This is a great sauce, so versatile. And I agree, its best to leave it chunky!

Reply

  14. Amanda

August 10, 2020 at 11:08 am

  
This hot sauce is seriously delicious! It's good on pretty much everything,
and I love how quick and easy it is to prepare.

Reply

  15. Cookilicious

August 9, 2020 at 10:08 pm

  
This recipe is a keeper! I have made it and love it! Thanks for this recipe

Reply

  16. veenaazmanov

August 9, 2020 at 9:40 pm

  
Definitely hot and spicy and flavorful. Nothing like stocking some in my
kitchen. I can enjoy it with everything yum.

Reply

  17. Andrea Metlika

August 9, 2020 at 8:31 pm

  
This sounds marvelous. Something my family will love on Everything!

Reply

  18. Alexandra

August 9, 2020 at 7:46 pm

  
So many delicious uses for this wonderful sauce! Delicious!

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Î”

## Primary Sidebar

### Search for a recipe

Search

Hi I'm Mahy, a recipe developer, food stylist, culinary instructor,
photographer, wife and busy mom! Welcome to my blog!...Read More

### Never Miss a Post!

subscribe and receive fresh recipes to your inbox

### Share the Love

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

### As Featured On

### Search by category

Search by category Select Category Air Fryer American Appetizers Asian Baking
Bars & Brownies Beef Bread Breakfast & Brunch Cakes Cheesecakes Chicken
Cookies Crock Pot Cuisine Desserts Dips Drinks & Smoothies Easter Finger Food
Gluten Free Holidays Instant Pot Lamb Main Dishes Mediterranean Mexican
Muffins Parties Pasta Pies Pizza Potluck Quick & Easy Recipes Salads
Sandwiches Seafood Side Dishes Smoothies Soups Tailgate Vegan Vegetarian
Videos

## Footer

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

### About

About Mahy

Sign up to Newsletter

Work with Me

Contact

### Recipes

By Life Style

By Course

By Method

By Cuisine

By Occasion

All Recipes

**Copyright (C) 2022 * Privacy Policy**

All images and content are copyright protected. Please contact me if you would
like to use any images . If you want to republish any of my recipes, please
link back to my website and the recipe post.

Â»

Â«

