https://www.alphafoodie.com/simple-homemade-chili-sauce-red-chilli-sauce/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * Recipes
    * DIYs
    * Breakfast
    * Drinks
    * Appetizers
    * Snacks
    * Sides
    * Mains
    * Desserts
    * Vegan
    * Gluten Free
  * Recipe Filters
  * DIYs

  * Lifestyle
  * Cookbook
  * Shop
  * About
  * Search

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Recipe Filters
  * DIYS
  * Lifestyle
  * Cookbook
  * Shop
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

×

Recipes » DIYs » Simple Homemade Chili Sauce (Red Chilli Sauce)

# Simple Homemade Chili Sauce (Red Chilli Sauce)

Published: Dec 29, 2020 · Modified: Dec 29, 2020 by Samira @ Alphafoodie ·
This post may contain affiliate links

490 shares

  * Share
  * Tweet
  * Pin

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

_Make the ultimate simple homemade chili sauce at home with just 4
ingredients, a few minutes, and tons of ways to customize! This red chilli
sauce is perfect for spreading over sandwiches, wraps, burgers, and more!_
_**Vegan, sugar-free, gluten-free,** and **can be made oil-free!**_

For anyone looking to add that little extra spice to their food, chili is the
way to go. Whether you're using chili oil, chili flakes, chili paste, or this
simple homemade chili sauce (aka red chilli sauce), there are tons of ways to
embrace the heat!

While many store-bought hot chili sauce options are packed with tons of
ingredients and preservatives, this simple homemade chili sauce recipe is the
ultimate base with just four simple ingredients and tons of ways to adapt it,
if preferred.

This recipe actually came about as a happy accident. In all of my DIY'ing this
year, I spend a LOT of time 'troubleshooting' and experimenting in the
kitchen. When working on my homemade chili paste (coming soon!), I ended up
with something similar to this recipe; too thin to be considered a paste, but
still 100% worthy of adding to tons of dishes - welcome this delicious sauce!

While even homemade chili sauce recipes can be packed with sugars and extra
ingredients (i.e., seasonings) - this version is truly a versatile base. It
can be enjoyed as-is or adapted with additional flavorings.

Depending on how much spice you like, you can easily **mix and match different
chilies** to get the perfect option for you too. That way, you'll be
slathering it over foods like wraps, burgers, pita, and drizzling it over
everything!

Plus, you can **check out my Ingredients and recipe notes sections for ways to
adapt it to your liking** with extra flavorings, natural sweetening,
thickness, and more!

## The Ingredients

  * **Red Chili Peppers:  **Choose the peppers you'd like to use based on how spicy you want your homemade chili sauce to be. Check the quick chart below for a quick guide on choosing your chilies depending on if you want a mild, medium, or hot chili sauce. 
  *  **Olive Oil: c** reates a lovely silky mouth-feel and helps the ingredients to blend. It can be omitted and replaced with a little water if preferred. You could also use another neutral oil like avocado oil, etc. 
  *  **Salt:** to season
  *  **Vinegar:  **Acts as a natural preservative to stop the oxidization process. However, it also adds a touch of flavor too. I use homemade apple cider vinegar for its' slight sweetness.
  *  **(Optional) Sweetener:** This is a very popular addition to most chili sauce recipes to cut through the vinegar and chilies' acidity and spice. Feel free to use the sweetener of your choice; granulated sugar (such as raw sugar, brown, etc.), a natural syrup, or even a sugar-free option like erythritol or swerve. 

### How To Choose The Peppers Based On Heat

  * **Mild:** Bell pepper (no heat), Friggitello, Anaheim
  *  **Medium:** Poblano, Guajillo
  *  **Hot:** Jalapeno, Chipotle, Serrano, Cayenne peppers
  *  **Very Hot:** Thai chili (also called Bird's eye), Scotch Bonnet, Habanero
  *  **SUPER Hot:** Ghost pepper, Scorpion pepper.

You can also easily mix and match the peppers you use across several levels of
heat.

### Option Add-ins

Red chili sauce is perfect for customizing with several additions. Here are
just a few of my favorite options. I haven't included amounts as I think this
is entirely down to personal taste, and you can add less/more based on your
personal flavor preferences.

  *   *   * 

  * **Tomatoes:** You can _use different tomato products based on the end texture and flavor_ you'd like to achieve. **Canned (or fresh) chopped tomatoes** will lead to an even thinner red chili sauce. You could use **tomato puree/paste **for a more concentrated flavor and a similar texture to the original sauce. You can also use **homemade ketchup, **which adds lots of flavor and sweetness. 
  *  **Garlic:** Use fresh or roasted garlic, according to personal preference. If using raw, it will mellow over time as it mixes with the vinegar's acidity and other ingredients in the sauce. 
  *  **Onion:** Use fresh, roasted, or caramelized based on preference. 
  *  **Seasonings:** oregano, Italian Seasoning, etc. 

## How To Make Chili Sauce

I can't impress enough how simple it is to make this homemade chili sauce. All
you need is your ingredients, a blender or food processor, and a few minutes
of your time, and voila!

### Step 1: Prepare the peppers

First, wash the chili peppers, patting them dry with a little paper towel.

Then, cut off the stem ( green tops). It's best to wear gloves and avoid
touching your face while dealing with the chilies!

Next, roughly chop the peppers, keeping the seeds. You don't need to be too
precise with your chopping as everything will be blended.

### Step 2: Blend the red chilli sauce

Add the peppers and the rest of the ingredients to a food processor or blender
and blitz into a sauce.

Taste the sauce and adjust seasonings as necessary.

Then, transfer the sauce to a sterilized jar and enjoy it immediately or store
it in the fridge for longer-term storage.

_Optionally, you can reduce this sauce down to thicken it slightly over a hob.
Read the recipe notes for more on that.  _

## How To Store

Store the homemade chili sauce in a glass jar (plastic will stain), for
between **1 month in the fridge** and for up to **four months in the
freezer.**

If it begins to taste sour or moldy in any way (or has physical signs of
mold), then discard it.

Also, you may be able to **hot water bath can** this red chili sauce (and then
store it for months in the fridge) - however, it depends on its' pH balance
and using the correct method. If this is something you'd like to do, it's best
to consult reputable sources regarding canning items.

## How To Use

Use this hot chili sauce anywhere you would a store-bought version.

  * Spread over wraps
  * Slather over pita sandwiches
  * Add to burgers - like this Sweet Potato Black Bean Burger (Plant-based Burger)
  * Drizzle over fries (sweet potato or white potato) and nachos
  * Use as a dip for finger foods and appetizers - like this tear and share cheesy bread or Spinach Fatayer (Lebanese spinach pies).
  * Use as part of a marinade for proteins - like this homemade tofu. 
  * Add a little to tomato sauces (like this marinara) for extra heat and flavor.

Let me know in the comments below, what your favorite ways of using this hot
chili sauce are!

## Recipe Notes

  * Make sure to **use gloves when dealing with chilies** - especially if you decide to remove the seeds. The chili remnants can remain on your skin for days causing burning (and if you touch your mouth/eyes - ouch!).
  * Feel free to **sieve the sauce before bottling it** , if preferred. This is especially more for people who don't have very powerful blenders/food processors and ended up with quite a chunky sauce (though even then you can leave it as-is if preferred).
  *  **For an oil-free version** , you could simply add a little water to help it blend. Though the resulting sauce won't be quite as silky.
  *  **For a thicker sauce,** you can reduce it on a stovetop for some time at a gentle simmer (usually 20-30 minutes).

## Related DIYs

  *   *   * 

  * How to Make Chili Oil
  * How to Make Chili Flakes (Oven + Dehydrator)
  * Quick Mango Sweet Chili Sauce
  * Simple Roasted Red Pepper Sauce
  * Easy Thai Green Curry Paste
  * Easy Thai Red Curry Paste (5-Minute)
  * Simple Turmeric Paste (Golden Paste)

_**If you try this homemade chili sauce recipe, then let me know your thoughts
and questions in the comments. I 'd also really appreciate a recipe rating and
would love to see your recreations - just tag @AlphaFoodie.**_

## Simple Homemade Chili Sauce (Red Chilli Sauce)

Make the ultimate simple homemade chili sauce (red chilli sauce) with just 4
ingredients, a few minutes, and tons of ways to flavor it!

5 from 13 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Condiment, DIYs

Cuisine: Asian

Diet: Gluten Free, Vegan, Vegetarian

Freezer friendly: 4 Months

Shelf life: 1 Month

Prep Time: 5 minutes

Total Time: 5 minutes

Servings: 32 half Tbsp

Calories: 26kcal

Author: Samira

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 1 pound red chilies choose a variety based on the heat level you'd prefer (check notes)
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon salt
  * ▢ 1/3 cup olive oil
  * ▢ 1/2 cup vinegar I used apple cider vinegar
  * ▢ Sugar, just a pinch to taste (OPTIONAL) use granulated (raw, brown, etc.), natural syrup (maple, honey), or sugar-free like erythritol/swerve

US Customary - Metric

### Instructions

#### Step 1: Prepare the peppers

  * First, wash the chili peppers, patting them dry with a little paper towel.

  * Then, cut off the stem ( green tops). _It 's best to wear gloves and avoid touching your face while dealing with the chilies!_

  * Next, roughly chop the peppers, keeping the seeds. You don't need to be too precise with your chopping as everything will be blended.

#### Step 2: Blend the red chilli sauce

  * Add the peppers and the rest of the ingredients to a food processor or blender and blitz into a sauce.

Taste the sauce and adjust seasonings as necessary.

  * Then, transfer the sauce to a sterilized jar and enjoy it immediately or store it in the fridge for longer-term storage.

 _Optionally, you can reduce this sauce down to thicken it slightly over a
hob. Read the recipe notes for more on that._

#### How To Store

  * Store the homemade chili sauce in a glass jar (plastic will stain), for up to **1 month in the fridge** and for up to **four months in the freezer.**

If it begins to taste sour or moldy in any way (or has physical signs of
mold), then discard it.

Also, you may be able to hot water bath can this red chili sauce (and then
store it for months in the fridge) - however, it depends on its' pH balance
and using the correct method. If this is something you'd like to do, it's best
to consult reputable sources regarding canning items.

### Notes

 **Different Peppers and their heat levels:**

  * **Mild:** Bell pepper (no heat), Friggitello, Anaheim
  * **Medium:** Poblano, Guajillo
  * **Hot:** Jalapeno, Chipotle, Serrano, Cayenne peppers
  * **Very Hot:** Thai chili (also called Bird's eye), Scotch Bonnet, Habanero
  * **SUPER Hot:** Ghost pepper, Scorpion pepper.

* * *

  * Make sure to **use gloves when dealing with chilies** - especially if you decide to remove the seeds. The chili remnants can remain on your skin for days causing burning (and if you touch your mouth/eyes - ouch!).
  * Feel free to **sieve the sauce before bottling it** , if preferred. This is especially more for people who don't have very powerful blenders/food processors and ended up with quite a chunky sauce (though even then you can leave it as-is if preferred).
  * **For an oil-free version** , you could simply add a little water to help it blend. Though the resulting sauce won't be quite as silky.
  * **For a thicker sauce,** you can reduce it on a stovetop for some time at a gentle simmer (usually 20-30 minutes).

* * *

Read the **optional add-ins section of the blog post above** , for more ideas
on what to add to this red chilli sauce recipe to jazz it up to your liking!

### Nutrition

Serving: 0.5tablespoon | Calories: 26kcal | Carbohydrates: 1g | Protein: 1g |
Fat: 2g | Saturated Fat: 1g | Sodium: 437mg | Potassium: 46mg | Fiber: 1g |
Sugar: 1g | Vitamin A: 135IU | Vitamin C: 20mg | Calcium: 2mg | Iron: 1mg

Tried this Recipe? Tag me Today!Mention @Alphafoodie or tag #alphafoodie!

« 50+ Healthy, Easy Christmas Recipes & Edible Gifts

How To Make Avocado Oil (Extra Virgin - Cold Process) »

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Theda

December 18, 2021 at 12:56 am

Thank you for sharing your diy recipe it is simple but a delicious one.

Reply

    * Support @ Alphafoodie

December 22, 2021 at 8:03 am

Thank you for your comment, Theda.

Reply

  2. Elize

July 23, 2021 at 8:28 am

  
Quick and easy

Reply

    * Support @ Alphafoodie

July 23, 2021 at 6:44 pm

Thank you for your comment, Elize

Reply

  3. Unknown

June 18, 2021 at 6:10 am

  
Can I use lemon instead of vinegar?

Reply

    * Samira @ Alphafoodie

August 20, 2021 at 5:07 pm

Yes, you can substitute.

Reply

  4. Janani

February 17, 2021 at 12:15 am

I am a huge fan of you Samira 🙂 and you are the first cook I look up to for
any recipe. I love how healthy and extremely colorful all your recipes are.
You also seem to be a generous and kind person, thank you for sharing your
insights to us all. I have learnt so much from you. I do not have a public
page in Insta, but whenever I cook something from your recipe list, I make
sure my friends know where to look for the recipe 🙂  
I live in Japan and do not get spicy, fresh red chillies. But I found some
not-spicy red ones that gave the exact color to which I added soaked "dry-red-
spicy-Indian" chillies to make this sauce. Turned out good. I am going to be
posting my reviews and thank you now to all the recipes of yours I have tried
and enjoyed. Thank you once again 🙂

Reply

    * Samira @ Alphafoodie

March 16, 2021 at 12:08 pm

Thank you for your comment and your kind words, Janani. I am so happy you are
trying and enjoying my recipes. It's really encouraging to read your feedback
🙂

Reply

  5. Ruxanna Banoobhai

January 16, 2021 at 11:13 am

Would love to try your chilli sauce! I love your recipes Sameera and learnt a
lot of good tips so thank you so much. How does one retain the strength of the
red crushed chillies? i always end up adding more chillies to the dish as its
lost its potency. Look forward to your reply. Take care

Reply

    * AlphaFoodie Support

January 22, 2021 at 5:51 pm

I've found that chili sauce will naturally change slightly in flavor over
time, as the chilies within it age - sometimes this means getting milder, and
sometimes they even become hotter. The only thing I can think to suggest off
the top of my head is to make a batch with hotter peppers than you usually
would and see how that is after a few days.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

Hello! I’m Samira, I make DIYs and I cook rainbow recipes. about me | contact
| subscribe

Search

### NEW RECIPES

## The Best Authentic Shakshuka Recipe

## How to Microwave Corn on the Cob

## How to Make Bulletproof Coffee

## The Perfect Sauteed Asparagus

## Stuffed Zucchini Boats

## The Perfect Homemade Pancake Mix

### STAY IN TOUCH!

### WHAT'S IN SEASON

## How to Microwave Corn on the Cob

## Stuffed Zucchini Boats

## How to Make and Cook Zoodles

## How to Make Tanghulu (Candied Fruit)

## Easy Fruit Punch

## Best Texas Caviar Ever (Cowboy Caviar)

### Categories

Categories Select Category Appetizers Breakfast Desserts DIY DIYs Drinks
Gluten Free Lifestyle Mains Rainbow Food Recipes Sides Snacks Uncategorised
Vegan

## Footer

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

  * Recipes
  * DIYs
  * Shop
  * About

COPYRIGHT © 2020 ALPHAFOODIE Privacy Policy

490 shares

  *   *   * 

## Sharing is Caring

Help spread the word. You're awesome for doing it!

How to beat the summer heat?

FREE EMAIL BONUS

My favorite tips & recipes for staying refreshed!

YES, I WANT THIS!

