https://www.allrecipes.com/recipes/17759/side-dish/sauces-and-condiments/sauces/hot-sauce/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Side Dish
  4. Sauces and Condiments
  5. Sauces
  6. Hot Sauce
  7. Hot Sauce Recipes

Share

# Hot Sauce Recipes

Allrecipes has over 40 homemade hot sauce recipes. If you're looking for how
to make the hottest hot sauce packed with habanero and chili flavor, we have
you covered.

## Staff Picks

Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

Save

###  Hot Pepper Sauce - A Trinidadian Staple

Rating: 4.5 stars 58

Trinidadians LOVE their 'peppa' sauce, and this one is full of flavour and
heat! Sooooo easy to make -- no cooking, just your blender to create this
taste of the islands. Try using different peppers to vary the flavour and
heat. Use over meats, in sandwiches and stews. Trinis use it in anything
savoury!

By Trini

Piri piri sauce is a type of hot chilli pepper sauce used as seasoning or
marinade traditionally in portuguese cuisine. Seen here in a glass jar with a
spoon, on a white background.

###  What Is Peri-Peri Sauce and How Do I Use It?

Made from African chile peppers, this sauce packs a serious punch. Here's how
to incorporate it into your cooking.

By Claire Ballor

high angle looking at a bowl of homemade sriracha sauce with a spoonful coming
out

Save

###  How to Make Homemade Sriracha Sauce

Rating: 5 stars 51

Sriracha sauce is possible to make at home with this recipe from Chef John.

Bob's Habanero Hot Sauce - Liquid Fire

Save

###  Bob's Habanero Hot Sauce - Liquid Fire

Rating: 5 stars 339

Using fewer habanero peppers can reduce the spiciness in this extremely hot
habanero hot sauce. The sauce works wonders as a pick-up for Bloody Mary
drinks. Flavors meld wonderfully and the sauce keeps nicely for a long time.
Warning: A dash is all you need and it is best to use gloves when handling the
habanera peppers.

By Bob Miller

Chef John's Harissa Sauce

Save

###  Chef John's Harissa Sauce

Rating: 5 stars 35

Harissa is probably my all-time favorite hot sauce, and one I'm sure you've
seen me use in a bunch of recipes here. A small spoonful of this makes
virtually any savory dish better.

By Chef John

Save

###  Category Five Hot Sauce

Rating: 4.5 stars 18

This flavorful homemade hot sauce can be substituted in any recipe calling for
Tabasco or Louisiana Hot Sauce. It's great on foods to add a lot of flavor and
heat.

By Emily Tisdale

Scotch Bonnet Hot Sauce

Save

###  Scotch Bonnet Hot Sauce

Rating: 5 stars 76

Some of the hottest hot sauce you'll try.

By reconstructdish

Habanero Hot Sauce

Save

###  Habanero Hot Sauce

Rating: 4.5 stars 78

This sauce is very hot, but not too insane. For maximum heat increase
habaneros as desired.

By Jim

Fresh Tomato Chili Sauce

Save

###  Fresh Tomato Chili Sauce

Rating: 4.5 stars 33

This is a sweet chili sauce made according to an old family recipe. It is
great on hamburgers, and pot roast. If you don't can the sauce in jars, it can
be refrigerated.

By Janet Larsen

Green Harissa

Save

###  Green Harissa

Rating: 4.5 stars 26

I find it great with lamb chops, my BBQ butterflied leg of lamb, chicken, and
vegetarian dishes and as a flavor base for any casseroles or stews where a
fresh zing is needed. Especially good cooked with a vegetable bake and in
guacamole.

By NORMM1

Dersa (Algerian Chile Paste)

Save

###  Dersa (Algerian Chile Paste)

Rating: 4.5 stars 3

Algerian dersa is a spicy garlic and chile paste, similar to harissa, made by
blending garlic, chile, cumin, and paprika together using a mortar and pestle.
It is used a lot in the Maghreb region as a seasoning for fish, meat, or
potatoes. Not everyone uses exactly the same proportions or the same spices.
Some people add lemon juice, others add parsley. In short, there are as many
variations as there are tastes, but the basic ingredients are almost always
the same: garlic, cumin, chile or cayenne pepper, and olive oil.

By MARCEA

Save

###  Peruvian Aji Verde

Spicy Peruvian green sauce. Good for 2 weeks in the fridge.

By Nancy Vargas

Advertisement

## Inspiration and Ideas

top-down view of a bowl of brownish-orange hot sauce with flecks of red,
surrounded by red serrano chilies and orange habanero peppers

Best Hot Sauce

Rating: Unrated 11

"If hot sauce is your thing, you will love, love, love this fresh tasty
recipe." – Shilo

a smooth pale-green sauce in a red ceramic ramekin

Ghost Pepper Green Sauce

Rating: Unrated 4

"This is my version of the green sauce found in Peruvian restaurants, spiced
up even more with ghost peppers." – HOLLY9000

Chef John's Harissa Sauce

Chef John's Harissa Sauce

Rating: Unrated 35

Tunisian Harissa

Tunisian Harissa

Rating: Unrated 8

Finadene

Finadene

Rating: Unrated 10

Red Chile Paste

Red Chile Paste

Rating: Unrated 6

Chili Sauce

Rating: 4.5 stars 108

This made-in-minutes chili sauce is just as tasty as bottled chili sauce.

  * Homemade Chili Crisp

Homemade Chili Crisp

Rating: 5 stars 2

  * Scotch Bonnet Hot Sauce

Rating: 5 stars 73

  * Habanero Hot Sauce

Rating: 4.5 stars 76

  * Jalapeno Hot Sauce

Rating: 4.5 stars 131

  * Fresh Tomato Chili Sauce

Rating: 4.5 stars 33

## More Hot Sauce Recipes

Save

###  Homemade Chili Sauce

Rating: 4.5 stars 31

Make this tasty homemade chili sauce in a flash with ingredients you will have
already in your cabinets. Definitely less expensive than prepared, and you can
adjust to your liking. Keep covered and refrigerated between uses.

By Karen

Chef John's Harissa Sauce

Save

###  Chef John's Harissa Sauce

Rating: 5 stars 36

Harissa is probably my all-time favorite hot sauce, and one I'm sure you've
seen me use in a bunch of recipes here. A small spoonful of this makes
virtually any savory dish better.

Save

###  Bob's Habanero Hot Sauce - Liquid Fire

Rating: 5 stars 338

Using fewer habanero peppers can reduce the spiciness in this extremely hot
habanero hot sauce. The sauce works wonders as a pick-up for Bloody Mary
drinks. Flavors meld wonderfully and the sauce keeps nicely for a long time.
Warning: A dash is all you need and it is best to use gloves when handling the
habanera peppers.

Save

###  Serrano Hot Sauce

Rating: 4.5 stars 12

This hot but flavorful hot sauce was made due to the large harvest of serrano
peppers from my garden.

By Jon Rachiele

Save

###  Authentic Mexican Hot Sauce

Rating: 3.5 stars 9

This is my version of my favorite taco wagon's 'earthy' hot sauce of which I
can never get enough. It is a little time consuming, but well worth it. I put
it on everything from eggs to tacos, quesadillas, and salads. You can use any
combination of chiles (cascabel, chipotle, Californian, New Mexican). For a
hotter sauce, you can use all hot New Mexico chiles or add a few dried arbol
chiles. For a tangier sauce, add the juice of 1 lime.

By Nyteezcom

Cliff's Hot Sauce

Save

###  Cliff's Hot Sauce

Rating: 4.5 stars 21

This is a quick and easy hot sauce my dad makes with canned tomatoes, jalapeño
peppers, and spices. My mom had to go behind him to write down what he was
tossing in. Charring the jalapeño peppers (optional) gives it that smokiness,
and the jalapeño pepper seeds need to be added for heat.

By Melissa Goff

Easy Jalapeno Hot Sauce

Save

###  Easy Jalapeno Hot Sauce

Rating: 4.5 stars 30

A tremendous hot sauce that will spice up sandwiches, marinades, vegetable
dishes -- just about anything! Jalapenos are boiled, then blended smooth with
canola oil, salt and pepper.

By BC32

Save

###  Harissa Paste

Rating: 5 stars 1

Harissa paste is easy to make at home. Many recipes include vinegar for
preservation, but it gives the harissa an off-taste. This is an authentic
recipe, made without vinegar.

By nch

Save

###  Tunisian Harissa

Rating: 4.5 stars 8

This is a popular Tunisian condiment. It's a homemade pepper paste that is
sure to add an extra kick to just about anything and it is widely used in
Tunisian cuisine. I add it to anything I want to spice up; in my home we use
this just about everyday.

Harissa

Save

###  Harissa

Rating: 3 stars 1

Homemade harissa sauce is very easy to make. How spicy you make it is up to
you. I use a combination of New Mexico and Anaheim chile peppers, which are
both on the mild side of the Scoville scale, but you can pick hotter chile
varieties if preferred.

By nch

Cilantro-Chili Pepper Sauce

Save

###  Cilantro-Chili Pepper Sauce

Rating: 4.5 stars 9

I am overrun with wild cilantro in my back yard. Literally, it feeds my
compost bin more than my family even though we use it in everything. This
sauce (perhaps more of a pesto) is fabulous on anything but the obvious
choices are chicken and tuna. Enjoy.

By Jeff

Save

###  Hot Sweet Habanero Chile Sauce

Rating: 4.5 stars 4

Hot sauce recipe inspired by many others, but unique. Very simple ingredients
and easy to make. Has great heat with legs (the heat lasts), good pepper
flavor, and the sweet balances the heat. I used salt substitute (66% KCl, 33%
NaCl) for low-sodium diet. Servings below are in tablespoons.

By Thomas Michael Hyland

Save

###  Saundra's Hot Sauce

Rating: 4.5 stars 3

This recipe I came up with, by trying different things. This recipe has really
circled around, all my friends seem to really like it.

By Saundra

Save

###  Apricot-Habanero Hot Sauce

A sweet and hot-at-the-end BBQ sauce. The kick to this hot sauce is at the end
but not that overpowering.

By Mark

Watermelon-Mango Habanero Hot Sauce

Save

###  Watermelon-Mango Habanero Hot Sauce

Rating: 3 stars 1

This is a great recipe I came up with that packs a lot of heat and still has a
sweet taste. Goes great with any kind of chicken, Mexican food, fish, and
pork. It is very tasty. This sauce will keep for 4-6 months when stored in the
refrigerator.

By Austin Highley

Green Harissa

Save

###  Green Harissa

Rating: 4.5 stars 25

I find it great with lamb chops, my BBQ butterflied leg of lamb, chicken, and
vegetarian dishes and as a flavor base for any casseroles or stews where a
fresh zing is needed. Especially good cooked with a vegetable bake and in
guacamole.

Save

###  Homemade Hot Sauce with Jalapenos

Rating: 4 stars 1

I was taught how to make this by a neighbor a few years ago. It is so much
better fresh than out of a jar. It is even better when served with fresh corn
tortillas which have been quartered and fried in hot grease til crispy.

By Kenda Watley

Save

###  Wasabi - Jalapeno Sauce

Rating: 4.5 stars 7

My husband and I wanted to come up with a zippy sauce to use with a variety of
foods - raw veggies, deep-fried calamari, fish cakes, etc., etc. This is a
staple!

By BAJATHECAT

Save

###  Spicy Barbados Pepper Sauce

Rating: 4 stars 6

The sauce is good on just about anything from pork, chicken, and seafood. I
like it on boneless-skinless chicken breast seasoned with fresh thyme, salt
and pepper, broiled until about done then heavily basted with the sauce to
finish. This recipe fills a Dutch oven over half the pan. Plenty for
leftovers.

By RogerB

Grandma Prentice's Chili Sauce

Save

###  Grandma Prentice's Chili Sauce

Rating: 4 stars 1

Old family recipe. Great for topping on eggs or just about any sandwich.

By Chef Jaybo

Save

###  Fermented Hot Sauce

This is not a salsa, but a fermented hot sauce. If you have the patience, it
is worth it.

By Russell

Save

###  Green Chile Sambal

Rating: 3 stars 3

This extremely potent sambal is a traditional side sauce for Thai spring
rolls, but can be used anywhere you'd want a fiery hot green chile sauce.

By Me Here

Save

###  JD's Chile Paste

This chile paste is spicy but not to an extreme. It has a sweet, smokey flavor
to it that is great for recipes calling for chile paste or mixing with Ranch
dressing for a spicy dip. I use this in a recipe of mine for baked beans that
gives it a nice little kick without being overbearing. There is not a large
variety of fresh chile peppers available in my area so most of the peppers I
used were bottled.

By Aerobiter

Save

###  Caribbean Calypso Hot Sauce

Rating: 5 stars 1

Packed with tangy sweet flavor and a ton of heat! Reduce the number of peppers
if you would like it milder. Store in the refrigerator.

By Jordan VanDijk

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com

Close

## Sign in

##

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

