https://www.ruchikrandhap.com/pork-schezwan-when-hubby-cooks/


﻿ ↑

  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipes
  * Recipes A-Z
  * Travel
  * Copyright
  * Media
  * Privacy Policy
  * Shop
  * Contact Me
  * Somethin’ Fishy
  * Search this website

Ruchik Randhap

Food & Memories of Mangalore

You are here: Home / All Posts / Pork Schezwan

June 16, 2015

# Pork Schezwan

39

SHARES

TwitterFacebook39PinterestPocketTelegramWhatsAppYummly

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

Pin

One of my favourite items on a wedding menu back home is the pork schezwan.
This Indo-Chinese dish is so much a part of Mangalorean weddings that every
once in a while you will see it featured on the menu. Although a few people
make it at home it pretty much remains to be a dish normally ordered from the
caterer. Today many caterers in Mangalore cater to small parties at home with
the number being as low as 12-15 and pork schezwan is usually a dish we like
to order as everyone likes it so much back home.

Sometimes I wonder how this dish became a part of our cuisine – not the
traditional one but more like an adapted one, the one that is filled with
lovely dishes from around the world, those that are proudly presented on party
menus to impress the young and old alike. Perhaps the few Chinese restaurants
that everyone ate out at on special occasions contributed to this culture.
Back when I was growing up, eating out was not a thing. We ate home cooked
food and didn’t really crave for take aways but slowly, as the trend picked up
people started eating out, especially at Chinese restaurants (as there weren’t
any multi cuisine restaurants back then) and since most Mangaloreans love
their pork as much as they love their fish they must have decided to bring the
flavours back home and recreate the dishes to be enjoyed in the comfort of
their home.

Pin

When this dish was being cooked the hubby and I got into a conversation about
the different kinds of pork dishes that are part of the traditional
Mangalorean cuisine and its remarkable to note that we don’t have too many in
our culinary repertoire! Pork Bafat (Dukramaas), Pork Indad, Pork Sorpotel or
Kaleez Ankiti (Pork Offal Curry) are pretty much what everyone prefers eating
every time, at least the older generation. We do enjoy other dishes such as
the Pork Chilli (here’s my version) and the Pork Schezwan or the Pandi Curry
(Coorgi Pork) but that’s pretty much the end of pork dishes. Do you know of
any traditional dish that I haven’t mentioned above? Do write in at [email
protected] and let me know. I will definitely try to hunt for the recipe and
post it here.

This dish is pretty much an adaptation of what is popularly available in
Mangalore. The husband makes it often and there was no way it could stay out
of the blog for too long. Since he had made this dish for a party a couple of
weeks ago I decided to quickly capture some pictures and post it.

It is a brilliant dish to be served as a starter – you will surely impress
everyone at your party! The addition of cashew nuts is optional but the crunch
that these roasted nuts lend is really irresistible.

I do hope you enjoy it!

Pin

****

## Pork Schezwan

A Mangalorean adaptation of the Indo Chinese Pork Schezwan is popularly served
at weddings in Mangalore

No ratings yet

Print Pin Rate

Course: Accompaniment

Cuisine: Indo Chinese

Keyword: Pork, Schezwan

Prep Time: 20 minutes

Cook Time: 20 minutes

Marinating time: 2 hours

Total Time: 2 hours 40 minutes

Calories: 480kcal

Author: Shireen Sequeira

1x2x3xServings

### Ingredients

#### For the marination:

  * 1 kg boneless pork preferably without fat, thinly sliced into squares of approx 1 ½ inch each
  * 3 teaspoons dark soy sauce
  * 3 teaspoons cornflour cornstarch
  * salt to taste

#### Other Ingredients:

  * 3-4 tablespoons of vegetable oil to fry the pork + 2 tablespoons
  * 1 large onion diced (into large chunks and separated)
  * 1/2 inch ginger finely chopped
  * 8-10 fat cloves garlic minced
  * 3-4 long red chillies Chinese / Thai or the non crinkly ones, not very spicy
  * 1 green bell pepper capsicum, deseeded and cut into medium chunks
  * 1 red bell pepper deseeded and cut into medium chunks
  * 3 tablespoons of szechwan sauce see recipe for homemade schezwan sauce
  * 2 tablespoons tomato ketchup
  * 1-2 teaspoons sweet soy sauce or add 1-2 tsp dark soy sauce with tsp of sugar
  * 3 teaspoons of dark soy sauce
  * 3-4 teaspoons of cornflour cornstarch dissolved in half a cup of water (room temperature)
  * 1 bunch of spring onions white bulb to be sliced thin, greens divided – some cut julienne and some sliced (rounds for garnishing)
  * salt to taste

### Instructions

  * Wash and pat the pork slices dry. Marinate it with the rest of the ingredients mentioned under ‘For the marination’ for at least 1-2 hours (the longer the better)

  * Heat 3-4 tablespoons of oil in a heavy, wide based wok or frying pan fry the marinated pieces till the meat is cooked – make sure not to overcrowd the pan or else the meat will get steam cooked and release a lot of stock. If your pan is small, fry in batches.

  * Once the pork is fried, fry the cashew nuts in the same oil and keep aside.

  * Heat 2 tablespoons of oil in a heavy based, deep wok and fry the red chilies, garlic, ginger till the rawness goes away – on a medium heat. Next, increase the heat and add the spring onion whites and fry for about half a minute (make sure the oil is really hot at this point)

  * Add the diced onions and fry about a minute, add the spring onion whites and bell peppers and fry for about 2 minutes

  * Add the schezwan sauce, tomato ketchup, dark soy sauce, sweet soy sauce and stir for about a minute and then add the cornflour mixture, reduce the heat and simmer for about a minute.

  * Now add the spring onion juliennes and add in the fried pork, adjust salt to taste and simmer for about 3-4 minutes till the pork is mixed well with the sauce.

  * Garnish with roasted cashew nuts and spring onions and serve hot as a starter or accompaniment to fried rice or noodles.

### Notes

This is a dry dish, if more gravy required, use meat or chicken of 1 cup and
add additions 2 tsp corn floor mixed with little cold water just before adding
the pork.

### Nutrition

Nutrition Facts

Pork Schezwan

Amount per Serving

Calories

480

% Daily Value*

Fat

21

g

32

%

Saturated Fat

5

g

31

%

Trans Fat

1

g

Polyunsaturated Fat

7

g

Monounsaturated Fat

6

g

Cholesterol

158

mg

53

%

Sodium

725

mg

32

%

Potassium

1153

mg

33

%

Carbohydrates

14

g

5

%

Fiber

2

g

8

%

Sugar

6

g

7

%

Protein

58

g

116

%

Vitamin A

1118

IU

22

%

Vitamin C

67

mg

81

%

Calcium

33

mg

3

%

Iron

2

mg

11

%

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

### Disclaimer

The nutritional values are only indicative.

Tried this recipe?Please leave a comment & rate the recipe below or share a
photo on Instagram and tag me @ruchikrandhap

39

SHARES

TwitterFacebook39PinterestPocketTelegramWhatsAppYummly

Filed Under: All Posts, Mutton Beef and Pork, When The Hubby Cooks! Tagged
With: Mangalorean Pork Recipes, Pork Recipes, Pork Schezwan

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

### Comments

  1. Cyn says

June 17, 2015 at 3:18 am

As usual….excellent presentation and pictures. Keep it up.

Reply

  2. Shobha says

June 17, 2015 at 12:01 pm

Looks absolutely delicious.. I have never made pork at home.. maybe I should
give it a try soon.

Reply

  3. Shireen Sequeira says

June 17, 2015 at 1:09 pm

@ Cyn: Thanks so much darling :*

@Shobha: Thank you so much! Yes, you must try making it at home if you get
good quality pork where you live – it makes all the difference!

Reply

## Primary Sidebar

### Looking for Something?

Search this website

### Stay Connected

I am Shireen Sequeira a Mangalorean living in Dubai. I love trying out new
recipes and giving them a twist of my own. However, I do try my best to
preserve the authenticity of traditional Mangalorean recipes. Know More...

### Trending This Week

  * Butter Cake | How To Make Soft & Moist Butter Cake
  * Traditional Irish Christmas Cake
  * Rogan Josh
  * Special Surmai (Kingfish) Curry (With Or Without Coconut)
  * Egg Butter Masala
  * Barley Pulao ~ Diabetic Friendly Recipe
  * Fish Vindaloo ~ Reader’s Choice!

### Subscribe To Receive Recipes Directly In Your Mailbox!

Leave this field empty if you're human:

### Categories

  * Airfryer Recipes
  * All Posts
    * Recipe Compilations
  * Baby & Toddler
  * Bakes
    * Breads
    * Cakes, Cupcakes & Brownies
    * Cookies, Tarts & Bars
    * Healthy Bakes
    * Pies & Puffs
  * Basic Recipes
  * Beverages
  * Breakfast
  * Chicken
    * Indo Chinese
  * Chutneys Dips & Sauces
  * Coconut Milk Based Recipes
  * Eggs
  * Festive Cooking
    * Christmas
    * Monthi Feast
  * Global Cuisine and Fusion Food
  * Home Remedies
  * Mangalorean Recipes
  * Meal Ideas
  * Mince
  * Mutton Beef and Pork
  * Poli & Seasonal Specialities
  * Preserves
    * Pickles & Jams
    * Spice Blends & Curry Pastes
  * Pressure Cooker Recipes
  * Recipes With Video
  * Restaurant Reviews
  * Rice, Pasta and One Pot Meals
  * Seafood
    * Fish
  * Soups & Salads
  * Starters, Snacks & Savouries
    * Appetizers & Starters
    * Snacks & Savouries
  * Sweets & Desserts
    * Indian Sweets
    * Western Desserts
  * Thanksgiving Recipes
  * The Boshi Series
  * Travel
  * Uncategorized
  * Vegetarian
    * Curries, Dals and Sambhars
    * Paneer
    * Sides
    * Vegan
  * When The Hubby Cooks!

Copyright © 2022 · Ruchik Randhap by Shireen Sequeira · Hosted & Managed by
Host My Blog

