https://soupeduprecipes.com/sichuan-crispy-pork-recipe/


____

__ 0

____

__ 0

Pork _,_  Sichuan February 16, 2022

# Sichuan Crispy Pork Recipe (小酥肉)

_by_ Souped Up Recipes

0

Today we are making 小酥肉, translated as little crunchy bites of pork. What’s
special about it is that it comes with an aromatic dipping spicy powder, which
is like a bomb of flavors. You got to give it a try because It brings any
crunchy goods to another level.

**INGREDIENTS**

  * 500g (1.1 lb) of pork shoulder
  * 1 tbsp of minced garlic
  * 2 tsp of minced ginger
  * 1 tsp of five-spice powder
  * 1 tbsp of Chinese cooking wine
  * 1 tsp of salt
  * 1/2 tbsp of soy sauce
  * 1/3 tsp of baking soda

**To Make the Batter**

  * 30 grams (1 oz) of all-purpose flour
  * 120g (4.2 oz) of sweet potato starch
  * 1/2 tsp of baking powder
  * 1 whole egg
  * 80-90 grams of water
  * 25g of vegetable oil

**To Make the dipping spice powder**

  * 1/2 cup of red dried chilies
  * 1 tbsp of Sichuan peppercorns
  * 1.5 tbsp of sesame seed
  * 1/2 tsp of cumin seeds
  * 1/2 tsp of white peppercorns
  * 1 small piece of dried orange peel
  * 1 tsp of salt
  * 1 tsp of sugar
  * 1 tbsp of sesame seeds, roasted, and keep whole
  * 1/2 tsp of cumin seeds, roasted and keep whole

**INSTRUCTIONS**

Cut 500 grams of pork shoulder bite-size strips. Besides the pork shoulder,
this dish can be made with pork belly, pork loin, and short pork rib. It
really depends on your preference or what you have in the fridge.

Marinade the pork with 1 tbsp of minced garlic, 2 tsp of minced ginger, 1 tsp
of five-spice powder, 1 tbsp of Chinese cooking wine, 1 tsp of salt, 1/2 tbsp
of soy sauce, 1/3 tsp of baking soda. Mix well and let it sit for 30 minutes.

During this time we will make the aromatic spice powder or what we called 蘸料,
which is something like a dry rub but you serve it as a dipping component for
crunchy stuff.

You will need 1/2 cup of red dried chilies, 1 tbsp of Sichuan peppercorns, 1
tsp of white peppercorns, 2 tbsp of a sesame seed, 1/2 tsp of cumin seeds, 1
small piece of dried orange peel. Note: it is not easy to find in the western
country but you can make your own by simply dehydrating the orange peel. Just
make sure you remove the white bitter layer so it tastes better.

Stir the spices over medium-low heat for a couple of minutes. Remove
everything from the wok and let it cool. If your cumin seed and sesame seeds
are roasted, you don’t have to add them to the pan.

Grind all the spices into a fine powder then add 1 tsp of salt, 1 tsp of
sugar, 1 tbsp of roasted sesame seeds, and 1/2 tsp of roasted cumin seeds. I
love to bite into the sesame and cumin seeds.

Mix well and the 蘸料 is done. I usually make more than what I need because you
can sprinkle it on fried chicken, squid, wonton, potato wedges, or any other
crispy food.

Next, we will make the batter. In a big mixing bowl, add 30 grams of all-
purpose flour, 120g of sweet potato starch, 1/2 tsp of baking powder, 1 whole
egg. Pour in some 90 grams of water and add 25g of vegetable oil. Mix until
smooth. If you don’t have sweet potato starch, you can use potato starch or
tapioca starch. Combine the batter with the pork and mix thoroughly.

Bring the oil to 370 F. If you don’t have a thermometer, you can drop in a
little bit of batter. If you see it bubbles a lot and it floats to the top in
2 seconds, that means the temperature is good.

Add the pork piece by piece so they don’t stick together. Don’t crow the wok.
It is better to fry them in batches.

Keep the heat at medium-low and fry for 5 minutes. Stir constantly to ensure
even cooking. This is the first frying. We are just trying to cook the pork
through. It doesn’t need to be golden brown. When you see they don’t bubble
viciously anymore, you can take them out.

Once you finished all the pork, let it rest for 20 minutes and we will double
fry it later to reinforce the crust.

For the double frying, we will bring the oil to 400 F and fry the pork for 2-3
minutes. When the outside becomes golden and crispy, you can remove them. Use
some pepper towels to absorb the excess grease. Serve with the spice powder.

****

**Souped Up Tips:** Once you finish the first frying, you can freeze it for
future use. Whenever you want to eat them again, don't even need to defrost,
just directly double fry and it will be ready right away.

Print Recipe

No ratings yet

## Sichuan Crispy Pork (小酥肉)

Today we are making 小酥肉, translated as little crunchy bites of pork. What’s
special about it is that it comes with an aromatic dipping spicy powder, which
is like a bomb of flavors. You got to give it a try because It brings any
crunchy goods to another level.

### Ingredients

#### To marinate the pork

  * 500 g 1.1 lb of pork shoulder
  * 1 tbsp of minced garlic
  * 2 tsp of minced ginger
  * 1 tsp of five-spice powder
  * 1 tbsp of Chinese cooking wine
  * 1 tsp of salt
  * 1/2 tbsp of soy sauce
  * 1/3 tsp of baking soda

#### To make the dipping spice powder

  * 1/2 cup of red dried chilies
  * 1 tbsp of Sichuan peppercorns
  * 1.5 tbsp of sesame seed
  * 1/2 tsp of white peppercorns
  * 1/2 tsp of cumin seeds
  * 1 small piece of dried orange peel
  * 1 tsp of salt
  * 1 tsp of sugar
  * 1 tbsp of toasted sesame seeds keep whole
  * 1/2 tsp of roasted cumin seeds keep whole

#### To make the batter

  * 30 grams 1 oz of all-purpose flour
  * 120 g 4.2 oz of sweet potato starch
  * 1/2 tsp of baking powder
  * 1 whole egg
  * 80-90 grams of water
  * 25 g of vegetable oil

### Instructions

  * Cut 500 grams of pork shoulder bite-size strips. Besides the pork shoulder, this dish can be made with pork belly, pork loin, and short pork rib.

  * Marinade the pork with garlic, ginger, five-spice powder, Chinese cooking wine, salt, soy sauce, and baking soda. Mix well and let it sit for 30 minutes.

  * During this time we will make the aromatic spice powder or what we called 蘸料, which is something like a dry rub but you serve it as a dipping component for crunchy stuff.

  * Roast the red dried chilies, Sichuan peppercorns, white peppercorns, sesame seed, cumin seeds, and dried orange peel in a wok over medium-low heat for a couple of minutes. Remove from the wok and let it cool. Grind all the spices into a fine powder. Mix with salt, and sugar. Roast more sesame seeds, and cumin seeds. Keep them whole. Mix into the spice powder and set it aside.

  * In a big mixing bowl, add all-purpose flour, sweet potato starch, 1/2 tsp of baking powder, egg, water, and 25g of vegetable oil. Mix until smooth. If you don’t have sweet potato starch, you can use potato starch or tapioca starch

  * Combine the batter with the pork and mix thoroughly.

  * Bring the oil to 370 F. Add the pork piece by piece and fry over medium heat for 4-5 minutes. Stir constantly to ensure even cooking. This is the first frying. We are just trying to cook the pork through. It doesn’t need to be golden brown. When you see they don’t bubble viciously anymore, you can take them out

  * Once you finished all the pork, let it rest for 20 minutes and we will double fry it later to reinforce the crust.

  * For the double frying, we will bring the oil to 400 F and fry the pork for 2-3 minutes. When the outside becomes golden and crispy, you can remove them. Use some pepper towels to absorb the excess grease. Serve with the spice powder.

  * Souped Up Tips: Once you finish the first frying, you can freeze it for future use. Whenever you want to eat them again, don't even need to defrost, just directly double fry and it will be ready right away.





### Share this recipe:

  * Twitter
  * Facebook
  * Pocket
  * Email
  * Telegram
  * WhatsApp
  * Reddit
  * Pinterest
  * Print
  * 

Previous Article

###### Sweet Rice Dumpling Recipe (Tangyuan 汤圆)

Next Article

###### Fuzhou Meatball Soup (福鼎肉片汤)

0 Souped Up Recipes February 16, 2022

No Comments Yet

Comments are closed

**Products**

  * 4 Moon Cake Molds With 16 Patterns ~~$ 24.99~~ $18.99
  * 3-PC Damascute Kitchen Knife Set (Chef's Knife, Cleaver, Paring Knife) ~~$ 199.99~~ $99.99
  * Heavy Duty Clay Pot / Stock Pot 4.8 Quarts ~~$ 79.99~~ $62.99
  * Ceramic Chopsticks ~~$ 34.99~~ $29.99
  * Carbon Steel Wok Set

Rated **4.9** out of 5

~~$ 59.99~~ $39.99

**Search For Your Favorite Recipe:**

**Browse By Cuisine:** Browse By Cuisine: Select Category American Chinese
Basic Chinese Ingredients Beef Breakfast Cantonese Chicken Clay Pot Recipes
dessert Desserts Dim Sum Drinks Dumplings Easy Recipes Hakka Hunan Low Carb
Recipes Noodles Not Chinese Peking Pork Rice Cooker Hacks Seafood Sichuan Soup
Soups Steamed Buns Stir Fry Street Fodd Sugar-free Taiwanese Taiwanese Cuisine
Thai Vegetarian Xian XinJiang Yunnan

**Complete Your Order Now:**

 **Cookbook Pre-order list** Hi, I am Mandy. Thank you for watching my
recipes. I am currently working on my cookbook, join my newsletter to get on
the discount list and I will update you on the progress as I go along.

First name or full name

Email

 By continuing, you accept the privacy policy

  * FAQ
  * Contact Me
  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms of Service
  * Refund Policy

________

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Curated Kitchenware
  * Contact Me

  * __
  * __
  * __

