https://thefoodpot.wordpress.com/2012/04/24/crispy-sichuan-roasted-pork-belly-braised-pak-choi-hoisin-orange-dipping-sauce/


Skip to content

# The Food Pot

He cooks. She eats.

Menu

  * Recipes
    * BBQ friendly
    * British
    * Indian
    * Italian
    * Middle Eastern
    * Oriental
    * Sandwiches
    * Something Sweet
    * Vietnamese
  * Restaurants
  * Good stuff
  * About
  * Contact

# Crispy Sichuan Roasted Pork Belly, Braised Pak Choi, Hoisin & Orange Dipping
Sauce

This is our take on an alternative Sunday Roast. Weâ€™re both big fans of a
traditional Sunday roast as much as the next person. However, sometimes we
like something a little different, a little more hassle free & a little more
exotic!

Combining our love of roast pork with oriental flavours, this is simplicity at
its very best. If you donâ€™t have Sichuan pepper, fret not my friends, just
double the black pepper quantity. Itâ€™s also great if you rub Chinese Five
Spice Power all over the meat with the pepper.

This is a dish of contrasting flavours and texture. The combination of
meltingly soft pork, crispy crackling, crunchy pak choi, paired with a sweet,
citrusy, salty dipping sauce will take your mouth to new realms of pleasureâ€¦a
must for all pork lovers!

**(Serves 2-4)**

**Ingredients:**

**Pork**

800g outdoor reared pork belly

1.5 tsp Sichuan pepper

1/2 tsp black peppercorns

1/2 tsp sea salt

large thumb size piece of ginger, sliced into 5-6 'discs'

**Pak Choi**

3-4 medium size pak choi, quartered lenghtways

2 garlic cloves, finely diced  

pinch of dried chili flakes  

2 tsp large splash of soy sauce

pinch of sugar

1/2 tsp sesame oil (optional)

**Dipping Sauce**

6 tsp good quality hoisin sauce

1/2 juice of an orange

1/2 tsp sesame oil (optional)

**To serve**

3 spring onions, finely sliced

1 tbsp dry roasted peanuts, roughly crushed

First, preheat the oven to maximum.

Make the dipping sauce by mixing all the ingredients together, adjust to your
liking. Leave to one side until needed.

In a dry pan, lightly toast the peppercorns over a low heat until fragrant,
usually a couple of minutes will do. Then coarsely grind in a pestle & mortar
with the salt.

Lightly score the rind (ask your butcher) and the flesh of the pork. Rub a 1/2
tsp of oil all over the meat then evenly massage the peppercorn & salt mixture
all over the pork. Lay the ginger in a neat line along the bottom of an
appropriate roasting tray. Place the pork on top then place in the oven. After
30 minutes turn the heat down to 160ÂºC and cook for a further 2 hours. Until
the crackling is golden and the meat is soft and tender.

Remove from the oven, allow to rest for 10-15 minutes.

In the meantime, cook the pak choi by heating a frying pan over a medium heat.
When hot add a splash of oil, followed by the garlic and chili. Before the
garlic starts to brown add the pak choi. Fry for 1 minute then turn over, add
the soy sauce and sugar, cook for a further 30 seconds before adding a small
splash of water and covering with a lid. Cook for another 1-2 minutes. Finish
by drizzling over the sesame oil.

Cut the pork into thickish slices (best done by turning the pork over and
cutting through the flesh side with a very sharp knife).

Serve on a large board with the pak choi, the dipping sauce and a large
steaming bowl of fragrant rice. Scatter over the spring onions and peanuts (if
using), then allow people to help themselves. Serve with extra soy and a good
chili sauce if you like. Roast porkalicious!

If you have some pork left over itâ€™s great in a homemade Banh Mi.

### Share this:

  * Twitter
  * Facebook
  * 

### Like this:

Like Loading...

### _Related_

Posted on April 24, 2012April 8, 2013 Posted in Oriental

## Post navigation

Cool as Texture

KÃ¸benhavn series: Torvehallerne KBH

##  6 thoughts on "Crispy Sichuan Roasted Pork Belly, Braised Pak Choi, Hoisin
& Orange Dipping Sauce"

  1. **paucceri** says:

April 7, 2013 at 11:16 pm

looks amazing! my grandparents raised some pigs last year, still had a piece
of belly in the freezer. I wish i'd have read this before preparing it today.
I just roasted it 1h in the oven, then glazed with dijon+honey+thyme+rosemary,
and gave it another hour. came out good but this just looks amazing.

If i can manage to get my hands on some more belly i'll definitely be trying
this!  
-atte from finland

Reply

    1. **The Food Pot** says:

April 8, 2013 at 1:39 pm

Wow, your Dijon, honey and herb glaze sounds awesome. We'd love to see a
picture of it on our Facebook fan page. Also, thank you for your kind
comments, you should definitely give this recipe a go - really aromatic and
superbly crispy crackling. Let us know what you think of it when you make it.
We're a little bit jealous of your grandparents' home-raised pigs too!

Reply

  2. **Chris** says:

August 3, 2014 at 7:46 am

Just thought I'd say thanks for posting this recipe. It is truly awesome. I
love belly pork and all Chinese style so this is right up my street.
Absolutely gorgeous. Definitely in my top 10 of all time. ðŸ™‚

Out of interest, have you tried Ken Hom's twice cooked belly pork? Sounds a
bit mainstream but I can assure you it is incredibleâ€¦..it is in his complete
Chinese cookery book. Can't find a link online to the exact recipe but
basically you simmer the belly for an hour in water, ginger, spring onions,
let it cool. Fry it for 20 to render all the fat and then braise in chilli
bean sauce and various veg. Absolutely gorgeous. If you haven't seen it let me
know and I'll find a way to get you the full recipe.

Thanks again for sharing the recipe. Had a look through some of your other
stuff and looks great.

Going to try the miso udon noodle soup tonight. ðŸ˜€

Cheers, Chris

Reply

    1. **The Food Pot** says:

August 4, 2014 at 10:11 am

Hi Chris,

Thank you for the lovely feedback, it made our day! We're really glad that you
like this recipe, it's a firm favourite of ours. It's so weird that you
mentioned Ken Hom's twice cooked pork belly. We've seen him cook it a couple
of times on TV, but have never got round to cooking it. Also, his book - Ken
Hom's Foolproof Chinese Cookery, was one of the first cook books that I
(Ummer) got as a young teenager. It got me into coking Chinese food and has a
cracking (mind the pun) crispy pork belly recipe in it too. If you do manage
to get a recipe we'd appreciate a copy, as I know we'd both love the dish!

Ummer & Anh

Reply

  3. **Chris** says:

August 4, 2014 at 7:50 pm

Hi again Ummer and Anh.

Well I can't find the recipe online so I've taken photos of the page from the
book. You can download them hereâ€¦â€¦

  
  

Hope you enjoy itâ€¦it is my absolute favourite. I normally add a bit of water
while braising as I prefer some extra sauce to go with the steamed rice.

And while I am at it you may want to try this hot and sour cucumber
saladâ€¦..it's so easy and incredibly morish.

I cooked the miso udon noodles last night and they were greatâ€¦â€¦I love Japanese
food and they were excellent.

Thanks again for sharing.

Cheers,  
Chris

Reply

    1. **The Food Pot** says:

August 5, 2014 at 9:08 am

Hi Chris,

Fantastic! Thank you very much for the recipe. I'll give it a go in the next
few weeks and then let you know how it goes. Also, thanks for cucumber recipe,
we bloody love this salad. If you live in or near London, Silk Road in
Camberwell is worth a visit. Not just for this dish (which is mind blowing),
but also for it's deliciously spicy Xinjiang style food. Completely different,
utterly delicious!
https://plus.google.com/116971214511681186324/about?gl=uk&hl=en (apologies, it
doesn't have a website)

Regards

Ummer & Anh

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Enter your comment here...

Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:

  *   *   *   * 

Email (required) (Address never made public)

Name (required)

Website

****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out /  Change )

****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out /  Change )

****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out /  Change )

Cancel

Connecting to %s

Notify me of new comments via email.

Notify me of new posts via email.

Î”

### Become a fan

The Food Pot  
  
Promote Your Page Too

### Follow us on Twitter

  * @JDogHQ 1 month ago
  * RT @DLohRidah: Warning: do not watch @UglyDelicious on either an empty stomach or a closed mind. You'll simply fuck yourself up. #UglyDelicâ€¦ 4 years ago
  * @peekingduckco this looks great! More use of space like this, please. 5 years ago

### What's Your Flavour?

American Aubergine Bacon barbecue BBQ Beer British Broccoli bulb fennel Burger
Cabbage Cake Caribbean Cauliflower Cheese Chicken Chickpeas Chinese Chocolate
Coffee Cous Cous cream Curry Dessert Dim Sum Duck dumplings Eggs Fish Indian
Italian Jam Japanese Lamb Malaysian meatballs Mediterranean Middle Eastern
Miso Mushrooms Noodles Orange Oriental Pasta Pastry Pepper Pie Pork potato
Potatoes Prawns Rice Roast Sandwich Seasonal Soup Vietnamese

### Archives

  * June 2013 (1)
  * May 2013 (1)
  * February 2013 (2)
  * July 2012 (1)
  * June 2012 (2)
  * May 2012 (5)
  * April 2012 (2)
  * March 2012 (1)
  * February 2012 (2)
  * January 2012 (5)
  * November 2011 (2)
  * October 2011 (3)
  * September 2011 (1)
  * August 2011 (2)
  * June 2011 (1)
  * May 2011 (2)
  * April 2011 (4)
  * March 2011 (3)
  * February 2011 (2)
  * January 2011 (2)
  * November 2010 (2)
  * October 2010 (5)
  * September 2010 (7)
  * August 2010 (8)
  * July 2010 (6)
  * June 2010 (1)
  * April 2010 (1)

Search for:

### FAVOURITE RECIPES

### Blogs We Like

Blog at WordPress.com.

Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website,
you agree to their use.  
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:  Cookie Policy

  * Follow Following

    * The Food Pot 

Sign me up

    * Already have a WordPress.com account? Log in now.

  *     * The Food Pot 
    * Customize
    * Follow Following
    * Sign up
    * Log in
    * Copy shortlink
    * Report this content
    * View post in Reader 
    * Manage subscriptions
    * Collapse this bar



##

##

Loading Comments...



Write a Comment...

Email (Required) Name (Required) Website

###

%d bloggers like this:

