https://www.chinasichuanfood.com/roasted-pork-shoulder-with-lemon/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

# China Sichuan Food

menu icon

  * Recipe Index
  * By Date
  * Newsletter
  * Pantry
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

search icon

Search

  * Recipe Index
  * By Date
  * Newsletter
  * Pantry
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

×

Home » Recipes » Pork

# Roasted Pork Shoulder with Lemon

February 13, 2019 by Elaine 6 Comments | Jump to Recipe

  * Facebook
  * Pinterest143

Super easy Roasted pork shoulder with lemon.

This is another quick dish I highly recommend you trying for busy days or
large parties.  I prepare roasted chicken, ribs or fish ahead whenever I have
to finish cooking within a very short time. I am a big fan of my oven now.
This is a sudden idea to roast pork shoulder with lemon juice and orange
juice. The taste is very unique and refreshing.

Pork shoulder (pork butt) 梅头肉 is the best part of pork in addition to ribs for
me. They are well marbled with fat, but quite economic compared with beef
steak.  It is the tenderest part of pork.  I love to use this part for most of
the roasting recipes and  stir fries, like Char Siu and pork and pepper stir
fry. Cook meats with oven is much easier for kitchen beginners comparing with
classic Chinese meat stir fries.

### Ingredients

  * 500g pork shoulder, pork butt
  * 1 lemon
  * 1 tsp. sugar 
  * 1 tbsp. ketchup 
  * 2 tsp. lemon juice
  * 2 tbsp. oyster sauce
  * ½ tsp. black pepper powder
  * 2 slices of ginger

### Instructions

Cut pork shoulder into small chunks. Then marinate with oyster sauce, lemon
juicy, ketchup, sugar black pepper powder and ginger. Covered and set in
fridge Overnight.

Pre-heat oven to 190 degree C or 370 degree F.

Add ½ tablespoon of vegetable cooking oil in a cast iron pan, heat until
really hot. Place the pork shoulder chunks in. Let the chunks stay for half
minute until one side is slightly seared.

Place the cast iron pan in the middle rack and roast for 20 minutes.

Cut into small pieces. Drizzle the juicy and sprinkle ground black pepper.

Do not wast the juice at the bottom, it can turn your plain rice into
incredible delicious.

## Roasted Pork Shoulder with Lemon

Easy and delicious roasted pork shoulder with lemon

Print Pin Rate

Prep Time: 15 minutes

Cook Time: 20 minutes

Total Time: 35 minutes

### Ingredients

  * 500 g pork shoulder pork butt
  * 1 lemon
  * 1 tsp. sugar
  * 1 tbsp. ketchup 
  * 2 tsp. lemon juice
  * 2 tbsp. oyster sauce
  * ½ tsp. black pepper powder
  * 2 slices of ginger

### Instructions

  * Cut pork shoulder into small chunks. Then marinate with oyster sauce, ketchup, sugar, lemon juicy, black pepper powder and ginger.  Covered and place in fridge overnight.

  * Pre-heat oven to 190 degree C. Discard all the other marinating ingredients and pick the pork chunks out only. Drain completely. 

  * Add ½ tablespoon of vegetable cooking oil in a cast iron pan, heat until really hot. Place the pork shoulder chunks in. Let the chunks stay for half minute until one side is slightly seared.

  * Place in middle rack and roast for 15 minutes. Cut into small one bite pieces and garnish black pepper.

  * Serve with steamed rice.

« How to Make Taro Balls

Millet Congee »

### You may also like

## Liangpi - Cold Skin Noodles

September 11, 2015

## Basic Chinese Chicken Stock

September 4, 2017

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Gary E Freeland

March 10, 2019 at 1:48 am

Looks wonderful, I want to try this. Question, you mentioned the use of orange
juice, but I do not see it as part of the writeup. Is orange juice used in
place of the lemon or do you use it with the lemon?  
Thank you.

Reply

    * Elaine

March 11, 2019 at 8:32 pm

Yes,  
If you use orange juice, skip lemon.

Reply

  2. Peter Shaw

April 08, 2019 at 5:36 pm

How many people is this recipe for, please?

Reply

    * Andreas

May 01, 2019 at 6:37 am

Hi Peter,

from what I've gathered from Elaine's recipes the amount of meat per portion
tends to be roughly between 100 and 200g with anything above 150g being more
the exception than the rule. Note however that she pointed out elsewhere that
in Chinese cooking serving more people is done by adding more dishes instead
of adding more of the same ingredient to one dish. Apart from that any dish
seems to imply that it is served with rice, some soup and at least one other
side dish like salad or vegetables, so you'll have to take them into
consideration, too.

To illustrate, if you make this with a soup which contains pork ribs and a
side dish like lotus root salad and go for a cup of rice per person you want
much less meat than when you skip the soup, have some bean sprouts as salad
and only eat half a cup of rice.

That's why I think your question cannot be answered with a precise number.

Reply

  3. AD

March 16, 2022 at 3:54 am

Hello it says 1 lemon and 2 so of lemon juice in the ingredients? Which one do
we use?

Reply

    * Elaine

May 08, 2022 at 10:51 am

If you prefer a less sour version, use 1. For a more sour flavor, use 2
lemons.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### Hi, Welcome!

Please not be limited by site name, as Elaine shares Chinese recipes beyond
Sichuan dishes. Know me more from  About Page

  * Facebook
  * Google+
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

### Find Recipes

Search

##  Email List

Subscribe Our Email list to get updates and recipes

## Footer

↑ back to top

  * Privacy Policy. Disclaimer. About. Hot Pot cookbook

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2022 ChinaSichuanFood.com | All Rights Reserved

  *   * 

