https://carmyy.com/one-pan-spicy-pineapple-chicken-meal-prep/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * All Recipes
    * All Recipes
    * Airfryer
    * Breakfast
    * Freezer Friendly
    * Instant Pot
    * Main Dishes
    * Meal Prep
    * Meatless
    * Sides
    * Under 60 Minute Meals
  * Meal Prep
  * Instant Pot Recipes
  * How To Tutorials
    * Meal Prep
      * Meal Prep 101: Why You Should Meal Prep, How To Meal Prep, and Other Meal Prep Tips
      * Tips To Help You Meal Prep For the Week Successfully
      * Tips for Meal Prepping on a Budget + 28 Recipes
      * Whole Chicken Meal Prep (3 Freezer Friendly Meals)
    * Meal Prep: Learning the Basics E-Book
    * How To Tutorials
      * How To Cook a Whole Chicken in an Instant Pot
      * How To Cook Chicken Breasts Perfectly
      * How to Make the Perfect Hard Boiled Eggs
      * How to Press Tofu Without a Tofu Press
  * About Me
    * Collaborate With Me
    * Privacy Policy
  * Search

menu icon

search icon

Search

  * All Recipes
  * Instant Pot
  * Meal Prep
  * Airfryer
  * How To Tutorials

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

×

You are here: Home / Recipes / Meal Prep / Spicy Pineapple Chicken

# Spicy Pineapple Chicken

Posted: Nov 21, 2017 Last Modified: May 6, 2021 by Carmy · This post may
contain affiliate links. As an Amazon Associate and member of other affiliate
programs, I earn from qualifying purchases.

  * 4
  * 1.1K

Jump to Recipe \- Print Recipe

This easy Spicy Pineapple Chicken will have you craving for more! It's sweet
and spicy, full of flavour, and so easy to make! You can make this in one pan
if you'd like or speed things up and use two pans! It's the perfect weeknight
dinner and meal prep!

It's sweet, it's sticky, it's spicy, and it's SO good. This pineapple chicken
recipe is one of those recipes that I **need** rice for so it can soak up ALL
the sauce. I am obsessed.

This pineapple chicken recipe was originally published November 21, 2017. This
post has been updated on May 6, 2021 with new photos and tips. You can see the
original photos down at the end of the post!

Since updating, I tweaked the sauce a bit, added some hoisin sauce, and
swapped the flour for cornstarch as a thickener. I also changed up the chicken
by not coating it in flour before pan searing.

Originally, this was a one-pan pineapple chicken where I used the same non-
stick pan to simmer the sauce, set it aside, and it cooked the chicken in the
same pan. While you can still do that, I now use a saucepan to simmer the
sauce at the same time I cook my chicken to save time. You are welcomed to use
either method, I just found that I prefer using two pans over the years. You
do you :)

## Ingredients You'll Need

  * pineapple juice
  * sriracha — I would not recommend swapping the sriracha for another hot sauce. This gives the perfect balance of sweet and spicy as I find hot sauces like Tabasco and Frank's to be too hot. Skip the sriracha entirely if you don't want it to be spicy.
  * soy sauce — I always suggest using low sodium sauce.
  * hoisin sauce — hoisin sauce is sweet, salty, and has a strong unami flavour.
  * brown sugar
  * cornstarch
  * garlic 
  * chicken breasts — I use boneless skinless chicken breasts but you can swap for thighs.
  * salt
  * pepper
  * garlic powder
  * olive oil
  * pineapple chunks 
  * cashews — I like to use lightly roasted cashews. No need for super salted cashews as the sauce is already salty. Got extra? Try this Spicy Cashew Chicken and Vegetables.

## How to Make Pineapple Chicken

  *   * 

  * In a saucepan, combine the pineapple juice, soy sauce, hoisin sauce, brown sugar, cornstarch, and garlic. Simmer over low heat, stirring occasionally, for 5 to 10 minutes, allowing the sauce to thicken to your liking. It should be thick enough to coat the back of a spoon.
  * At the same time, season the chicken cubes with salt, pepper, and garlic.

  *   * 

  * In a large pan over medium heat, add in the olive oil and the chicken. Leave the chicken undisturbed for around 2 minutes or until a golden crust has formed before flipping it.
  * Once the chicken as been cooked through and golden, add in the pineapple and cashews. Stir to combine.
  * Add in the sauce and stir to combine before serving.

  *   * 

## Recipe Tips and Notes

  * You can taste the sauce as it simmers — spicy food doesn't really bother me but if you find that the kick at the end is too strong, put in more pineapple juice or brown sugar to balance it out.
  * As mentioned earlier, you can cook the sauce in the skillet beforehand and then set it aside and cook the chicken in the same skillet to make this a one-pot recipe. Alternatively, you can cook the chicken, pineapple, and cashew first then set it aside, cook the sauce in the same skillet, and add the chicken back to the sauce.
  * Add crushed red peppers to up the spicy factor.
  * Don't have pineapple juice? Sub in with orange juice for that tangy sweetness.
  * I like to garnish with green onions and toasted sesame seeds but it is optional!
  * Switch the poultry with pork or shrimp.

## Make Ahead Tips

  * **Meal prep:** store the cooked pineapple chicken in an airtight container for up to 4 days in the fridge. I usually like to pack this with some jasmine rice! You can also serve it with some broccoli, asparagus, cauliflower, or whatever vegetable you're craving.

## Spicy Pineapple Chicken

This one pan spicy pineapple chicken meal prep will have you craving more!
It's made in one pan, healthy, sweet, and spicy plus it's is way better than
takeout!

5 from 3 votes

Print Rate

Prep Time: 10 mins

Cook Time: 15 mins

Total Time: 25 mins

Servings: 4 servings

### Ingredients

#### For the Sauce

  * 1 cup pineapple juice
  * 3 tbsp sriracha, or more
  * ¼ cup soy sauce, low sodium
  * ¼ cup hoisin sauce
  * 1 tbsp brown sugar
  * 1 tbsp cornstarch
  * 3 cloves garlic, minced

#### For the Chicken

  * 2 chicken breasts, boneless skinless
  * ¼ tsp salt
  * ¼ tsp pepper
  * 1 tsp garlic powder
  * 1 tsp olive oil
  * 1 cup pineapple chunks
  * 1 cup cashews

### Instructions

  * In a saucepan, combine the pineapple juice, soy sauce, hoisin sauce, brown sugar, cornstarch, and garlic. Simmer over low heat, stirring occasionally, for 5 to 10 minutes, allowing the sauce to thicken to your liking. It should be thick enough to coat the back of a spoon.

  * At the same time, season the chicken cubes with salt, pepper, and garlic.

  * In a large pan over medium heat, add in the olive oil and the chicken. Leave the chicken undisturbed for around 2 minutes or until a golden crust has formed before flipping it.

  * Once the chicken as been cooked through and golden, add in the pineapple and cashews. Stir to combine.

  * Add in the sauce and stir to combine before serving.

### Notes

 **One pot:** you can cook the chicken, pineapple, and cashew first then set
it aside, cook the sauce in the same skillet, and add the chicken back to the
sauce.

Tried this recipe?Did you make this recipe? I'm always so happy to hear about
it! I'd love to see how it turned out. Tag me at @CarmysHungry on Instagram so
I can see it! If you enjoyed the recipe, I'd really appreciate a comment with
a 5 star rating! ♥

### Nutrition Per Serving

Calories: 474kcal | Carbohydrates: 43g | Protein: 31g | Fat: 21g | Saturated
Fat: 4g | Trans Fat: 1g | Cholesterol: 73mg | Sodium: 1352mg | Potassium:
849mg | Fiber: 3g | Sugar: 24g | Vitamin A: 84IU | Vitamin C: 21mg | Calcium:
55mg | Iron: 3mg

Authour: Carmy

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Meal Prep

## More Easy Chicken Recipes

  * Sheet Pan Cashew Chicken with Veggies
  * Chicken Teriyaki Meatballs and Vegetables
  * Spicy Chicken Cashew and Vegetables
  * Sesame Chicken with Broccoli and Edamame

**Other places to connect with me**  
@carmyshungry on Instagram  
Facebook  
Shop my Amazon faves  
Email: [email protected]

**The photos from 2017!**

  * 4
  * 1.1K

### NEVER MISS A POST!

Want a free downloadable shopping list and recipes for one week's meal prep
(lunches and snacks)? Sign up now for updates and get your shopping list and
recipes today!

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. GiGi Eats

November 21, 2017 at 9:26 am

ONE PAN for the win!! I am really starting to research DIFFERENT recipes for
my husband as he has been eating more at home these days thanks to "bulking
up"…. And even though he could probably eat the same thing every day, I don't
want him to get "bored".

Reply

  2. Abbey Sharp

November 21, 2017 at 4:38 pm

  
Mmm I love anything with pineapple! This looks awesome

Reply

  3. Jessica Levinson

November 21, 2017 at 9:29 pm

This is so much healthier than take-out! An easy one pan dinner the whole
family will love!

Reply

  4. Angela @marathonsandmotivation.com

November 22, 2017 at 12:53 am

This looks so amazing! I LOVE one pan dishes, so quick & easy…YUM!!!

Reply

  5. Chrissy @ Snacking in Sneakers

November 22, 2017 at 7:19 am

Yum! One pot meals are the best - less dirty dishes. :) My fav takeout item is
probably pad thai.

Reply

  6. Kalee

November 22, 2017 at 9:31 am

  
This sounds so yummy. I think I could eat pineapple every day, and this is
such a good change from what I cook this time of the year.

Reply

  7. GiGi Eats

November 24, 2017 at 8:52 am

Looks like such a great alternative to take out!!

Reply

  8. Sue

May 14, 2021 at 2:42 pm

  
I have cooked quite a few of Carmy’s recipes. This one is of my favorites . So
easy to make and so tasty. The Sriracha sauce adds enough spice to it but the
pineapple balances the sweet spicy combo out. Love it.

Reply

    * Carmy

May 14, 2021 at 3:04 pm

Thank you, Sue! It honestly makes my day to know that you've been cooking from
the blog and love the recipes! <3

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

Carmy is a healthy-ish living blogger based in Toronto. Here you can find
healthy-ish meal prep recipes, Instant Pot recipes, and lightened up family
favourites! Follow along as she shares what she learns along the way!

More about me →

  
Click here if you’d like to collaborate with Carmy

### Popular

  * Gochujang Chicken Thighs (Grilled or Stovetop)

  * Hibachi Chicken with Fried Rice

  * Garlic Herb Butter Roasted Chicken in a Dutch Oven

  * How To Make Instant Pot Poached Eggs

**Sign Up!** for emails and updates plus a downloadable shopping list and
recipes for one week's meal prep (lunches and snacks).

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * About Me
  * Privacy Policy
  * Work with Me

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates plus a downloadable shopping list and recipes for one week's meal prep (lunches and snacks).

### Recipes

  * All Recipes
  * Meal Preps Recipes
  * Instant Pot Recipes

Copyright © 2021 Carmy — Easy Healthy-ish Recipes

