https://bushcooking.com/recipes/spicy-pineapple-chicken/


Skip to content

Bush Cooking

  * Recipes
    * Advanced Search
    * By Method
      * BBQ Flat Top
      * BBQ Grilled
      * BBQ Smoked
      * Camp Oven
      * Gas Stove
      * Dutch Oven
      * Skillet
      * Picnic
    * By Meal
      * Breakfast
      * Lunch
      * Appetizer
      * Dinner
      * Dessert
      * Supper
      * Drink
      * Snack
    * By Ingredient
      * Meat
      * Seafood
      * Fruit
      * Vegetable
      * Chocolate
      * Dairy
      * Egg
      * Grains
    * By Meat
      * Beef
      * Pork
      * Chicken
      * Bacon
      * Turkey
      * Lamb
      * Game Meats
      * Game Birds
  * How To
    * Dutch Ovens
    * Cooking Fires
  * Top 10
  * Contributors
    * All Contributors
    * Highlighted Contributors
      * Tim Scheer (Barbecue)
      * Dean Schumann (Barbecue)
      * Harry Soo (Barbecue)
      * Jason Bauer (Barbecue)
      * Mark Lambert (Barbecue)
      * Brad Barrett (Grilling)
      * Bill Wright (Dutch Oven)
      * Saffron Hodgson (Camp Coking)
      * BBQ Ninja (Fishing and Hunting)
      * Pro Escobedo (Fishing and Hunting)
  * Brands
    * Aquaforno
    * Blues Hog
    * Dipper's Backyard BBQ Wars
    * Gary's BBQ Supplies
    * Gateway Drum Smokers
    * Grillgrates
    * Marble Ridge
    * VIP Outdoors
    * Warpig Smokehouse
  * Search for

  * Log In
  * Register

Search for

Home | Recipes | Barbecue | Grilled | Meat | Spicy Pineapple Chicken

# Spicy Pineapple Chicken

Angie Quaale

updated on **May 22, 2022**

Spicy pineapple chicken is a great combination of sweet, spicy, and sticky
flavors. This chicken is quick and easy to prepare and perfect on the grill.

Make sure to give yourself enough time to marinate the chicken for at least
one hour to overnight. The marinade is also wonderful used on shrimp, salmon,
or other proteins.

With its Asian-influenced marinade of soy, pineapple juice, and hot sauce,
this will definitely become one of your summer staples for grilling.

## Spicy Pineapple Chicken Recipe

Angie Quaale

0

reviews

Spicy pineapple chicken is a great combination of sweet, spicy, and sticky
flavors. This chicken is quick and easy to prepare and perfect on the grill.

PrintReview

Preparation 1 hour 10 minutes

Cook 10 minutes

Ready in 1 hour 20 minutes

Servings 4 Servings

CourseDinner

InfluenceGlobal

DifficultySeasoned

MethodGrill

PrintReview

### Ingredients

  * 1/4 cup soy sauce
  * 1/4 cup pineapple juice
  * 1/4 cup brown sugar packed, plus extra for the pineapple
  * 2 tablespoons ketchup
  * 3 cloves garlic minced
  * 1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger
  * 1 teaspoon sesame oil
  * 1 teaspoon Sriracha
  * 4 boneless skinless chicken breasts
  * 8 slices fresh pineapple
  * 2 tablespoons cilantro leaves chopped

### Equipment

  * grill

### Directions

  * In a bowl, whisk together the soy sauce, pineapple juice, brown sugar, ketchup, garlic, ginger, sesame oil, and Sriracha. Reserve ¼ cup and set aside.

  * In a gallon size sealable plastic bag or large bowl, combine the soy sauce mixture and chicken. Marinate in the refrigerator for at least 1 hour to overnight, turning the bag occasionally.

  * Drain the chicken from the marinade. In another gallon size plastic bag or large bowl, combine the pineapple and brown sugar.

  * Preheat a grill to medium-high heat.

  * Add the chicken and pineapple to the grill and cook, flipping once. Baste the chicken with the reserved ¼ cup marinade until cooked through, 5 to 6 minutes on each side.

  * Serve immediately, garnished with cilantro.

### Nutritional Information

Sodium: 1173mgCalcium: 55mgVitamin C: 86mgVitamin A: 220IUSugar: 33gFiber:
3gPotassium: 1127mgCholesterol: 145mgCalories: 432kcalTrans Fat:
1gMonounsaturated Fat: 2gPolyunsaturated Fat: 1gSaturated Fat: 1gFat:
7gProtein: 51gCarbohydrates: 41gIron: 2mg

## More Chicken Recipes

BBQ Smoked

### Sriracha Honey Chicken Wings

If you love hot and sweet finger food then you need to try these quick-cook
siracha and honey chicken wings.…

by Brad Leighninger

BBQ Grilled

### Glazed Chicken with Couscous

This flavorsome dinner is comprised of two elements, a grilled glazed chicken
served on a bed of seasoned apricot couscous.…

by Saffron Hodgson

BBQ Griddle

### Griddle Fried Chicken

Griddle Fried Chicken is a healthier twist on traditional fried chicken, but
with all the same flavor. A great main…

by Scott Stevens

## Popular Recipe Ideas

BBQ Grilled Meat

### Grilled Bavette with Chimichurri

BBQ Grilled Meat

### Grilled Flank Steak Taco

BBQ Grilled Meat

### Grilled Butterfly Chicken

BBQ Grilled Meat

### St Louis BBQ Pork Steaks

FacebookPinTweetPrint

## About Angie Quaale

Angie Quaale has worked in the food and hospitality business for most of her
career, including several years in hotels and fine dining. Those experiences
led to a career in commercial food sales, specializing in menu development and
retail food distribution.

Learn more about Angie Quaale

Signup to our newsletter today!

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Name *

Email *

Sign up now

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

You must be logged in to post a comment.

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

Bush Cooking

  * Company
    * About Bush Cooking
    * Bush Cooking Team
    * How We Make Money
    * LinkedIn
  * Work with Us
    * Host Your Recipes
    * Advertise With Us
    * Influencer Program
    * Contact Us
  * Policies
    * Privacy Policy
    * Terms and Conditions
  * Connect
    * Pinterest
    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Twitter

(C) Bush Cooking 2022. All rights reserved.

We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.

You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in
settings.

Accept

Close GDPR Cookie Settings

  * Privacy Overview
  * Strictly Necessary Cookies
  * Cookie Policy

Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance

Privacy Overview

This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user
experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs
functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping
our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting
and useful.

Strictly Necessary Cookies

Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save
your preferences for cookie settings.

Enable or Disable Cookies

If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This
means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or
disable cookies again.

Cookie Policy

More information about our Cookie Policy

Enable All Save Changes

