https://4sonrus.com/sweet-spicy-pineapple-grilled-chicken/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

4 Sons 'R' Us

Fast fix, budget-friendly, family-style recipes made from scratch at home

Search...

  * Home
  * About
    * Work With Me
    * Privacy Policy
    * Nutritional Disclaimer
    * Email Subscribe
  * Recipe Index
  * Course
    * Appetizers
    * Breakfast
    * Desserts
    * Drinks
    * Lunch
    * Main Dish
  * Holidays
    * 4th of July
    * Christmas
    * Easter
    * Halloween
    * St, Patrick's Day
    * Thanksgiving
    * Valentine's Day
  * Ingredients
    * Beef
    * Chicken
    * Pork
    * Seafood
    * Vegetables
  * Popular
    * Air Fryer
    * Bread
    * Cakes & Pies
    * Casseroles
    * Cookies & Bars
    * Comfort Food
    * Copycat
    * Crock Pot
    * Grilling
    * Instant Pot
    * Kid Friendly
    * Salads & Dressings
    * Snacks & Dips
    * Soups, Stews & Chili
  * Family
    * Arts & Crafts
    * Child's Play
    * D.I.Y.
    * Parties
    * Opinion

Search and hit enter

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

Search and hit enter

  * Home
  * About
    * Work With Me
    * Privacy Policy
    * Nutritional Disclaimer
    * Email Subscribe
  * Recipe Index
  * Course
    * Appetizers
    * Breakfast
    * Desserts
    * Drinks
    * Lunch
    * Main Dish
  * Holidays
    * 4th of July
    * Christmas
    * Easter
    * Halloween
    * St, Patrick's Day
    * Thanksgiving
    * Valentine's Day
  * Ingredients
    * Beef
    * Chicken
    * Pork
    * Seafood
    * Vegetables
  * Popular
    * Air Fryer
    * Bread
    * Cakes & Pies
    * Casseroles
    * Cookies & Bars
    * Comfort Food
    * Copycat
    * Crock Pot
    * Grilling
    * Instant Pot
    * Kid Friendly
    * Salads & Dressings
    * Snacks & Dips
    * Soups, Stews & Chili
  * Family
    * Arts & Crafts
    * Child's Play
    * D.I.Y.
    * Parties
    * Opinion

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

Recipe Index » Recipes » **Sweet & Spicy Pineapple Grilled Chicken**

# Sweet & Spicy Pineapple Grilled Chicken

Published by Meaghan on May 11, 2021 | last updated on May 10, 2021.

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Pinterest

Jump to Recipe

Sweet and spicy chili pineapple grilled chicken is the easiest dinner ever!
With only 4 ingredients, a quick prep and cook time, and tons of flavor,
you'll be putting this on your regular dinner rotation!

###### _This post may contain affiliate links. As an amazon associate, I earn
from qualifying purchases. See my full Disclosure Policy for details._

It's no secret how much I love easy dinners.

That is true times a million in the summer.

I mean, there are so many better things to do when the weather is gorgeous
than cook a complicated meal, right?

Right. Glad you agree.

This pineapple grilled chicken is quite possibly the easiest of all the easy
things to make.

It needs only 4 ingredients, absolutely no cutting and cooks up so fast on the
grill.

Because it's so fast, it's perfect for even the busiest weeknight but
delicious enough for any time.

## Ingredients

You only need a few things to make this meal:

  * **Chicken** - I prefer boneless skinless chicken breasts. Just trim any fat and cut them in half.
  * **Thai Sweet Chili Sauce**- There are several kinds of chili sauce available. Make sure to choose the Thai style sweet chili sauce.
  * **Pineapple juice** - Use whatever kind of pineapple juice you like.
  * **Honey** - For a little extra sweet and sticky action and a hint of floral flavor.

## How to Make

This chicken is effortless to throw together.

To make it, start by adding the chili sauce, pineapple juice and honey to a
mixing bowl ** ** and whisking ** ** them together.

Then add the prepared chicken breasts to the bowl with the marinade and gently
toss them in the mixture to coat.

Cover the bowl and put it in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours but up to
overnight.

Use **tongs** ** ** to transfer the chicken to a hot grill and cook until
done, about 5 minutes per side or until a **meat thermometer** ** ** inserted
into the thickest part of the breast reads 165.

**Brush** ** ** the chicken with extra marinade and grill a minute more on
each side.

Then, transfer the cooked chicken to a waiting plate, serve and enjoy!

## Serving suggestions

This chicken is delicious with a side of cooked rice and chopped pineapple.

It would also make for a yummy protein addition to an Asian inspired salad.

Or, you could serve it with your favorite barbecue sides from pasta salad to
coleslaw.

## Tips and Tricks

  * Don't have a grill? You can absolutely cook these in an oven-safe skillet. In a hot skillet on the stove, sear the chicken for 3 minutes per side. This will lock in the juices and flavor. Transfer the skillet to the oven, heated to 400 degrees, and cook for roughly 15 minutes or until a meat thermometer inserted in the thickest part of the breast reads 165 degrees.
  * Bone in, or boneless pork chops make a great alternative
  * Leftovers are great! They will save for up to 3 days in the fridge. The kids like them in sandwiches, chopped up as meat for tacos, and even on a bed of lettuce with your favorite fixings & dressing for a filling salad.

## Other Easy Grilled Chicken Recipes

Sweet and spicy chili pineapple grilled chicken is a winner any time you want
a flavor packed meal fast.

Try it the next time you grill and enjoy!

Looking for other easy grilled chicken recipes?

Try these:

  * **Grilled Teriyaki Chicken Breasts**
  * **Bacon Wrapped Smoked Chicken Breasts**
  * **Grilled Tandoori Chicken Burgers**
  * **Smoked Cajun Honey Chicken Breasts**

If you've tried this **SWEET AND SPICY CHILI PINEAPPLE GRILLED CHICKEN** , or
any other recipe on the site, let me know in the comment section how it turned
out, we love hearing from our readers! You can also follow along with me on
**PINTEREST**,  **FACEBOOK**, and  **INSTAGRAM** to see more amazing recipes
and whatever else we've got going on!

## Sweet & Spicy Chili Pineapple Grilled Chicken

Sweet and spicy chili pineapple grilled chicken is the easiest dinner ever!
With only 4 ingredients, a quick prep and cook time, and tons of flavor,
you'll be putting this on your regular dinner rotation!

5 from 1 vote

Print Pin Rate

Course: Chicken, Entree, Lunch, Main Course

Cuisine: American

Prep Time: 5 minutes

Cook Time: 10 minutes

Total Time: 15 minutes

Servings: 4

Calories: 462kcal

Author: Meaghan @ 4 Sons R Us

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Ingredients

  * 2 lbs chicken breast trimmed of fat and halved
  * 1 cup Thai sweet chili sauce
  * 1/4 cup pineapple juice
  * 1/4 cup honey

US Customary \- Metric

### Instructions

  * Add the chili sauce, pineapple juice, and honey to a mixing bowl. Whisk together until evenly incorporated.

  * Add the prepared chicken breasts and gently toss them in the marinade mixture to coat.

  * Cover the bowl, and refrigerate the marinating chicken at least four hours, or up to overnight.

  * Using tongs, transfer the chicken to the grill and cook until done- roughly 5 minutes per side.

  * Brush the chicken with extra marinade and grill a minute more, per side.

  * Transfer the cooked, grilled chicken to a waiting platter and serve immediately.

### Nutrition

Calories: 462kcal | Carbohydrates: 51g | Protein: 49g | Fat: 6g | Saturated
Fat: 1g | Trans Fat: 1g | Cholesterol: 145mg | Sodium: 902mg | Potassium:
869mg | Fiber: 1g | Sugar: 49g | Vitamin A: 69IU | Vitamin C: 4mg | Calcium:
15mg | Iron: 1mg

Did you make this recipe?Share it on Instagram @4sonsrus or tag #4sonsrus!

_recipe adapted fromPlain Chicken_

_This post may contain affiliate links. As an amazon associate, I earn from
qualifying purchases. See my full Disclosure Policy for details. As always,
all opinions are my own._



### If you enjoyed this...

  * Smoked Brisket Chili
  * Smoked Chili
  * Instant Pot Cincinnati Chili

## Free Recipes!

Join my newsletter and get free recipes sent right to your inbox every week!

SUBSCRIBE!

## You have Successfully Subscribed!

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Pinterest

« Previous Post  
Fiesta Lime Shrimp Salad

Next Post »  
Dessert Kabobs

### Hi! I’m Meaghan

Welcome to my kitchen. Pull up a chair and get ready to dig into family
friendly, easy recipes and meal ideas. I’m a self proclaimed, proud pickle
snob and cheese lover. Aside from that, I’m also the mom to 4 busy boys,
elementary school through college aged. My boys keep my husband and I busy,
and boy, do they like to eat. A lot. Read more...

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * Twitter

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Helpful comments include feedback on the post or changes you made.

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment*

Name*

Email*

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### Welcome to 4 Sons 'R' Us

Hi! I’m Meaghan. Welcome to my kitchen. Pull up a chair and get ready to dig
into family friendly, easy recipes and meal ideas.

I’m a self proclaimed, proud pickle snob and cheese lover. Aside from that,
I’m also the mom to 4 busy boys, elementary school through college aged. My
boys keep my husband and I busy, and boy, do they like to eat. A lot.

Read More

## Free Recipes!

Join my newsletter and get free recipes sent right to your inbox every week!

SUBSCRIBE!

## You have Successfully Subscribed!

### Trending Recipes

## Footer

SEEN ON

SEEN ON

Copyright 2022 • 4 Sons R Us • Privacy Policy

  *   *   * 

____

__

  * Homepage
  * About
  * Recipe Index
  * Course
  * Holidays
  * Ingredients
  * Popular
  * Family

  * Search...

