https://www.foodleclub.com/thai-red-curry-chicken-prawns/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

Search

  * By Category
    * All Recipes
    * Bread and scones
    * Cakes, cookies and desserts
    * Curry Recipes
    * How to …..
    * Main Meals
    * Picnics and Barbeques
    * Sauces, dips and marinades
    * Savoury Treats
    * Sides and salads
    * Collections
  * By Ingredient
    * Beef
    * Cheese
    * Chicken
    * Fish and Seafood
    * Lamb
    * Mushrooms
    * Pasta
    * Pork
    * Recipes using vegetables
  * By Cuisine
    * British
    * South African
    * Asian inspired
    * Italian inspired
    * German inspired
  * The Calculator
  * Free stuff
  * Meet Us
    * Privacy Policy
    * Disclaimer
  * Search

Home » Main Meals » Thai red curry with chicken and prawns

# Thai red curry with chicken and prawns

Author: VJ Published : April 2021 Modified : April 2022 /  **One person has
commented**

Recipe

  * Facebook

  * Pinterest

  * Yummly

  * Twitter

_**Fragrant Thai red curry with chicken and prawns makes a delicious mid-week
supper. It 's packed with so much flavour you'd be forgiven for thinking it
takes all day to make, but it's actually ready in minutes. **_

_**As an Amazon affiliate, I earn from qualifying purchases.**_

Table Of Contents

  1. So easy and delicious
  2. Don't worry about the heat
  3. Recipe information
  4. What you will need
  5. Preparation
  6. Cook and chicken and prawns
  7. Cook the vegetables and make the sauce
  8. Questions
  9. Pin for later
  10. Other recipes you may like
  11. The recipe
  12. Thai red curry with chicken and prawns

## So easy and delicious

If you're worried that making Thai food is difficult, then worry no more. This
recipe for Thai red curry couldn't be easier. If you follow my 4 easy steps
you could be tucking into delicious Thai red curry with chicken and prawns
tonight.

  * **Preparation** - for this recipe, most of the work is in the preparation. Get that out of the way and you are three-quarters done!
  *  **Sear the chicken and prawns** - just a quick sear in a frying pan to seal the chicken and turn the prawns pink.
  *  **Fry off the curry paste** - I always think that frying off the curry paste brings out the flavour of the spices.
  *  **Simmer in the sauce** - finally mix everything together and simmer until cooked. What could be easier?

And once it's ready, you will have a mouth-watering, restaurant-quality dish
that will have the whole family asking for seconds.

## Don't worry about the heat

Now, you may be worried that Thai red curry may be too spicy. But don't worry
- you can control the heat yourself by controlling the amount of chilli you
add. I use a brand of Thai red curry from my local supermarket that isn't too
spicy at all - just full of flavour. In fact, I like to add extra chillies
when I'm making this dish. You can leave them out if you prefer.

A classic Thai curry has all the five elements of taste - sweet, sour, spicy,
salty and umami. The sweetness is provided by coconut milk, and also brown
sugar. The sourness comes from lime juice and lemongrass paste. The spiciness
is provided by chilli. Salt provides saltiness and umami comes from fish
sauce. While making this dish you should taste as you go so that you can
adjust the balance of flavour if necessary.

What I like about a Thai red curry is the way that your lips tingle slightly
as you eat it, but there is no burn. Just lots of amazing aromatic flavours.

I like to serve this dish with a pile of noodles, but it goes equally well
with a bowl of white fragrant jasmine rice.

## Recipe information

  * **Prep time** - 15 minutes
  *  **Cooking time** - 15 minutes
  *  **Yield** - serves 4 people
  *  **Calories** - 630 per serving
  *  **Main equipment** - Large wok or frying pan. I like to use my wok for making this dish because it's large enough to take all the ingredients easily. If you don't have a wok, a large frying pan works just as well.

## What you will need

These are the ingredients you will need.

**Prawns** - you will need frozen raw prawns. I buy ready cleaned and shelled
prawns. If your prawns are still in the shell, just remove the heads, peel
away the shell and remove the black vein running along the back. The easiest
way to do this is to make a slit along the back of the prawn with a sharp
knife and pull the vein out.

**Chicken** - for the chicken you can either use breast or boneless, skinless
thighs, or even a mixture of the two

**Coconut milk** - you can use either full fat or reduced fat. The choice is
yours.

**Thai red curry paste** - I use ready made Thai red curry paste from my local
supermarket. If you really want to make your own curry paste you can find the
recipe on the RecipeTinEats website.

**Vegetables** - you can use any mixture of vegetables you prefer. For this
recipe, I have used shredded Chinese cabbage, pak choi, green beans and
beansprouts. Sliced red or yellow peppers also make a nice addition, or you
could use sugar snap peas, broccoli, mushrooms, celery and even onions -
whatever you happen to have in the refrigerator. You should allow about 1 cup
of mixed vegetables per person.

**Lemongrass paste, garlic and ginger** - these are essential Thai flavours. I
find that shop-bought curry paste doesn't have quite enough of these flavours
so I like to add extra.

**Lime juice (not shown)** - a tablespoon of lime juice adds the essential
sour element to this dish.

**Fish sauce** - this adds an umami flavour, and contrary to its name, does
not taste fishy at all.

**Brown sugar** - for a hint of sweetness.

**Chilli** - this is for extra heat, and how much you use is entirely up to
you. I find that two birds eye red chillies is enough for my taste. I like to
remove the seeds, because that is where most of the heat comes from. If you
don't have fresh chillies to hand you can substitute with dried chilli flakes.

**Chicken stock cube** - dissolved in boiling water. If you have real chicken
stock in the refrigerator you could use that instead.

**Cornflour** (or cornstarch) - for coating the chicken and for thickening the
sauce.

**Fresh coriander** - I like to stir some freshly chopped coriander through at
the last minute, and then sprinkle a little on top just before serving.

**Sunflower oil** (or any other neutral flavoured oil such as canola) - for
frying the chicken.

**Salt** - optional as always, or to your own taste.

## Preparation

The key to getting this dish on the table quickly is all in the preparation.
Once that is out of the way, the dish practically cooks itself.

  * Remove any skin from the chicken and then cut it into bite-sized pieces. Mix the chicken with 2 tablespoons of cornflour and 1 teaspoon of salt and set aside while you prepare the rest of the ingredients.
  * Defrost the prawns, or peel and devein them if you are using unshelled ones.
  * Clean and/or peel the vegetables and cut them into bite-sized pieces.
  * If using fresh chilli, remove the seeds and membranes and chop finely.
  * Dissolve the stock cube in one cup of boiling water and then mix in the lime juice, brown sugar and the fish sauce.

## Cook and chicken and prawns

Coat the chicken in cornflour, then fry until golden brown. Fry the prawns
until they turn pink. Fry off the curry paste, garlic, lemongrass and ginger.

  * Heat sunflower oil in a large wok or frying pan and then add the chicken pieces. Fry gently until they turn golden _(image 1 above)_. Don't overcrowd the pan or they will release moisture and boil rather than fry. Do this in batches if your pan is on the small side. Once browned, transfer the chicken to a plate and set aside.
  * Now fry the prawns until they turn pink _(image 2 above)_ , then add them to the browned chicken.
  * Place the red curry paste, ginger, garlic and lemongrass paste into the pan and fry gently for 2 minutes _(image 3 above)_.

## Cook the vegetables and make the sauce

Mix the vegetables into the spices, add the stock and coconut milk. Then add
the chicken and prawns and allow to cook. Thicken and serve.

  * Add the chopped vegetables to the spices in the pan and stir to coat thoroughly _(image 1 above)_. 
  * Pour in the stock and coconut milk and bring to the boil. Turn the heat down to a simmer and cook for about 5 minutes until the vegetables start to soften.
  * Add the chicken and prawns back to the pan and continue to simmer for another 5 minutes or until the chicken is completely cooked through _(image 2 above)_.
  * Taste for flavour and adjust if necessary. 
  * To thicken the sauce, mix 2 teaspoons of cornflour (cornstarch) with 2 tablespoons of water and stir through. Cook for another minute, stirring all the time, until the sauce thickens.
  * Stir in the chopped coriander.
  * Garnish with more chopped coriander _(image 3 above)_ and serve with either jasmine rice or Chinese noodles.

If you'd like to be notified of any new recipes, why not subscribe to my
newsletter. As a thank you gift, you will receive a free recipe e-book
containing some of my most popular cakes and desserts.

## Questions

**Can I freeze Thai red curry?**

Yes absolutely, this dish freezes beautifully. We are only 2 people at home
and I always make a full batch (this recipe serves 4) and freeze half for
another meal. It's a great standby to keep in the freezer.  
Just allow it to cool and then ladle into a large plastic container. It can be
kept in the freezer for up to 4 months.  
To use, allow to defrost (either overnight in the refrigerator, or if you are
in a hurry you can defrost it in the microwave).  
Transfer to a saucepan and heat until piping hot. Serve immediately with rice
or noodles. Do not refreeze.

**Can I make it in advance?**

Yes, you can make Thai red curry with chicken and prawns in advance. Store it,
covered, in the refrigerator until you are ready to eat it and then reheat in
a saucepan until piping hot. Serve immediately with rice or noodles.

**What ingredients are in Thai red curry paste?**

The main ingredients in Thai red curry paste are red chilli peppers, garlic,
ginger or galangal, lemongrass, shrimp paste, lime, coriander and cumin.

**What 's the difference between Thai red curry and Thai green curry?**

Thai red curry is made using red chillies, whereas Thai green curry is made
using green chillies and coriander root. Green chillies tend to be hotter than
red chillies so you will probably find that Thai green curry is the spicier of
the two.

## Pin for later

If you would like to make this recipe, why not pin it to your Pinterest board
so you can find it easily. Just click on the image below.

## Other recipes you may like

If you are looking for other Thai inspired dishes, why not try one of these:

  * Thai green chicken curry
  * Pad Thai noodles
  * Thai meatballs with satay sauce
  * Thai fish cakes

## The recipe

## Thai red curry with chicken and prawns

_**Fragrant Thai red curry with chicken and prawns makes a delicious mid-week
supper. It 's packed with so much flavour you'd be forgiven for thinking it
takes all day to make, but it's actually ready in minutes. **_

Recipe by: Veronica

Main Course

Thai inspired

Calories 630

Prep 15 minutes

Cook 20 minutes

Total Time 35 minutes

Servings: 4 people

Print Pin Comment Bookmark Saved!

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

5 from 1 vote

(Click the stars to rate this recipe)

###

Equipment

  * Wok or frying pan

  * Sharp Knife

  * Chopping Board

  * Spatula

###

Ingredients

#### Meat and vegetables

  * ▢ 6½ ounce (180g) frozen raw prawns or shrimp defrosted
  * ▢ 1 lb (450g) skinless, boneless chicken thighs cut into pieces
  * ▢ 1 medium red pepper or capsicum sliced
  * ▢ 1 cup chinese cabbage shredded
  * ▢ 1 head pak choi coarsely chopped
  * ▢ 1 cup beansprouts washed
  * ▢ 1 cup green beans chopped
  * ▢ 2 medium red chilli finely sliced
  * ▢ 3 tablespoons fresh coriander chopped 
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons cornflour or cornstarch for coating the chicken
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon salt
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons sunflower or canola oil for frying

#### Sauce and spices

  * ▢ 4 tablespoons Thai red curry paste
  * ▢ 2 teaspoons lemongrass paste
  * ▢ 1 chicken stock cube dissolved in 1 cup boiling water
  * ▢ 2 cloves garlic minced
  * ▢ 1/2 teaspoon ginger paste
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon lime juice
  * ▢ 1 cup coconut milk
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons fish sauce
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon brown sugar
  * ▢ 2 teaspoons cornflour or cornstarch mixed with 2 tablespoons water

###

Instructions

#### Preparation

  * Defrost the frozen prawns and cut the chicken into bite-sized pieces. Coat the chicken in a mixture of 2 tablespoons cornflour and 1 teaspoon of salt. Leave to stand while you prepare the vegetables.

  * Remove the seeds and membranes from the red pepper and cut them into slices. Chop the pak choi into 2"-long pieces. Snip the ends off the green beans and cut into 2" pieces. Shred the Chinese cabbage. Remove the seeds and membranes from the red chilli and slice thinly. Rinse the beansprouts in cold water and drain.

  * Dissolve the stock cube in one cup of boiling water, then add the coconut milk, brown sugar and fish sauce. Mix well and set aside until required.

#### Thai red curry

  * Heat the sunflower oil in a wok or large frying pan and fry the chicken in batches until it starts to turn brown. Transfer to a plate and set aside.

  * Fry the prawns/shrimp in the same pan until they turn pink. Add to the chicken on the plate.

  * Place the red curry paste, ginger, garlic and lemongrass paste into the pan and fry gently for 2 minutes (add a splash more oil if needed).

  * Add all the vegetables (red pepper, pak choi, shredded cabbage, beans and beansprouts) to the pan and stir to coat with the red curry paste.

  * Add the prepared stock and the coconut milk and stir well.

  * Cover the wok or frying pan with a lid and allow to simmer for 5 minutes until the vegetables are tender but still crisp.

  * Add the chicken and prawns to the vegetables in the wok and simmer uncovered for 5 minutes until the chicken is completely cooked through.

  * Taste for flavour and adjust if necessary. 

  * Make a slurry with 2 teaspoons of cornflour and water and stir into the mixture. Stir until thickened.

  * Stir in ¾ of the chopped coriander, garnish with the remaining coriander and serve immediately with either a bowl of fragrant jasmine rice or thin Chinese noodles.

###

Notes

You can substitute the chicken thighs with the equivalent amount of chicken
breast.

To adjust the flavour:

  * Add more lime juice or lemongrass paste for sourness
  * Add more brown sugar for sweetness
  * Add chilli paste for extra heat (spiciness). Note - don't add extra chopped fresh chilli at this time as the chilli won't have time to cook through.
  * Add salt for saltiness.

The amount of salt used in this recipe is to my own taste - adjust to your own
preference.

Calories have been calculated excluding any rice or noodles that may be served
with this dish.

###

Nutrition

Calories - 630kcal | Carbohydrates - 24.9g | Protein - 35.1g | Fat - 43.6g |
Saturated Fat - 18.7g | Cholesterol - 190mg | Sodium - 2253mg | Potassium -
622mg | Fiber - 4.1g | Sugar - 9.2g | Calcium - 141mg | Iron - 4mg

I am not a nutritionist. The nutrition information has been calculated using
an on-line calculator, and is intended for information and guidance purposes
only. If the nutrition information is important to you, you should consider
calculating it yourself, using your preferred tool.

Unless otherwise stated, a cup is the standard US cup containing 240 ml. In
all my recipes this cup is assumed to hold 140g of flour. For help converting
other ingredients between cups, grams, ounces and other measures, see my
recipe conversion calculator.

All my recipes are developed and tested at sea-level. For tips on adjusting
recipes for high altitudes see my post on baking at high altitudes.

Tried this recipe?If you made this recipe I'd love it if you could leave me a
comment and let me know how it went!

Share on Facebook Share on Twitter

If you made this recipe and enjoyed it, I'd love it if you could give me a
star rating in the comments below. And if you'd like to get in touch, you can
email me at **[email protected]**. I'd love to hear from you. And don't forget
to subscribe to my mailing list so you can grab yourself a copy of my FREE
COOKBOOK!

If you'd like to continue browsing, just click on this link to all my recipes.

  * Facebook

  * Pinterest

  * Yummly

  * Twitter

Filed Under: All Recipes, Main Meals

#### About VJ

In my previous life, I was an IT Consultant. Now that I've swapped an office
for a kitchen I have a lot more time to spend on things that interest me such
as trying out new recipes. Most of my cooking is based around quick and easy
meals, and you'll probably find a little South African influence creeping in
due to the many years I spent there.

Previous Post: « Coffee and walnut layer cake with coffee buttercream frosting

Next Post: Copper penny salad (sweet and sour carrot salad) »

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. cat rice

2 June 2022 at 8:06 pm

It is amazing adding chicken and prawns

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Sign me up for the newsletter!

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### Welcome to the Foodle Club

Hi, I'm VJ. Welcome to my little kitchen. Step inside and browse my collection
of recipes collected over the years. More →

### Lets Connect

  * Facebook
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

Want a free recipe book? Subscribe to my newsletter and get my Favourite Cakes
and Desserts cookbook absolutely free  
  

See my Privacy Policy and Disclaimer

By subscribing you consent to receiving the Foodle Club newsletter. You can
unsubscribe at any time.

### Latest updates

## Duck in garlic sauce with vegetables

## Quick and easy vegetable lo mein

## Twice cooked pork belly - with a sticky glaze

## Sausage and egg picnic slice

## Easy coconut macaroons - only 4 ingredients

## South African lamb bredie (lamb stew)

## Bunny Chow - an authentic South African curry

## Thai Salmon Fishcakes with spicy dipping sauce

## Easy Blueberry Muffins with a crunchy topping

## Chicken in a creamy garlic mushroom sauce

## Footer

Get free cookery books as a thankyou gift for subscribing to my email list  

See my Privacy Policy and Disclaimer

By subscribing you consent to receiving the Foodle Club newsletter. You can
unsubscribe at any time but the books will still be yours to keep.

In my previous life, I was an IT Consultant. Now that I've swapped an office
for a kitchen I have a lot more time to spend on things that interest me such
as trying out new recipes. Most of my cooking is based around quick and easy
meals, and you'll probably find a little South African influence creeping in
due to the many years I spent there.

Copyright (C) 2022 Foodleclub.com

____

