https://www.spicesinmydna.com/thai-red-curry-with-shrimp-and-vegetables/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

Spices in My DNA

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipes
  * Cookbook
  * Sugar & Spice
  * Portfolio
  * Contact Me
  * ## Nav Social Menu

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * Twitter

  * Search

You are here: Home / Main Course Recipes / Thai Red Curry with Shrimp and
Vegetables

# Thai Red Curry with Shrimp and Vegetables

January 13, 2020 By Spices in My DNA 46 Comments

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * Pinterest2709

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

 _Thai Red Curry with Shrimp and Vegetables is served with infused rice for
the most flavorful and easiest curry ever! It 's filled with vegetables, the
most aromatic and delicious red curry-coconut milk broth, and the rice is
infused with star anise and cardamom for even more flavor! The curry comes
together in minutes, and you won't be able to stop using this method for
making the best rice ever!_

Quite possibly my favorite recipe of this entire Healthyish January series is
this thai red curry. It's INSANELY flavorful (I know I say that about
everything, but I really mean it!), creamy as all get out (hello full-fat
coconut milk), and the infused rice just puts the cherry on top of this
amazing meal.  
  

##### Curry is one of those things that always sounds good.

Kind of like Mexican food. I can always go for some tacos + chips and guac,
and I can always go for some Thai red curry. You know? Tell me that one of you
gets me!

The flavors in curry are tough to beat, and the creamy, aromatic coconut milk
broth just makes me quite honestly want to drink it with a straw. Too much? I
don't think so.

Although I _love_ green curry, I'd have to say that red curry has a slight
advantage in my book. I love how it's slightly spicy, especially with the
natural sweetness of the coconut milk. There are so many flavors that just
punch you in the face in this bowl of goodness. From the Thai red curry paste,
to the lime juice and lime zest, to the fresh cilantro and Thai basil, there's
literally nothing better.

#### Before I get into how much I'm in love with this curry, I have to talk to
you about the infused rice.

Yes, _INFUSED RICE_. And if you've never done it, you're in for a real treat.

I'm all for regular 'ol basmati or jasmine rice. Basmati especially is so
aromatic and flavorful on its own, but when you add things like star anise and
cardamom pods into the pot, you will be AMAZED at the flavor. Not only that,
but it so beautifully complements the curry. Seriously a match made in heaven.

Sometimes I'll add bay leaves or toasted coconut to my rice, but this star
anise and cardamom rice is hands down, my absolute favorite way to make rice.
And the best part is, it's so easy! You make rice like you normally would, and
just throw in a couple star anise and a few cardamom pods. It's as easy as
that.

And you'll seem like a culinary genius to whoever you're serving this to. Win,
win.

#### A few of my tips for the most flavorful curry ever:

  * I typically use red curry paste from the store when I don't have time to make my own. That being said, there are ways to enhance store-bought curry paste. The easiest way to do this, is to "bloom" your curry paste (just a fancy way to say enhance the flavor of), by sautéing it with extra aromatics - like garlic, ginger, scallions, and shallots. And that's exactly what I did here! The heat and the extra ginger and garlic especially will bring out the beautiful flavors of that red curry paste!
  * Use full-fat coconut milk. None of that "lite" stuff. It's basically just coconut cream watered down with more water, so it's less creamy. The full-fat stuff is really what you need for the most luxuriously flavorful and creamy Thai red curry.
  * Use lots of lime and fresh herbs. I'm talking lime juice, lime zest, cilantro, Thai basil, scallions, and whatever else your heart desires! Always extra lime wedges for serving, too. Make sure you add your lime juice at the very end, because heat makes citrus flavor dissipate. You want it to be as bold and bright as possible!

Super simple tips I know, but I assure you they make all the difference when
making curry at home!

One of the reasons why this curry is so quick, is that shrimp is so quick
cooking, and so are the vegetables I used. The shrimp quickly poaches in the
coconut milk curry broth along with the veggies in just a few minutes, and
then it's ready to be served on a pile of that star anise and cardamom infused
rice goodness.

As for quick cooking veggies, I like to use thinly sliced bell pepper,
broccoli cut into small florets, and carrots shaved into ribbons with a
vegetable peeler so that they cook in no time. A few other ideas if you wanted
to switch it up would be to add snap peas, zucchini noodles, or small
cauliflower florets.

If you don't like shrimp, you could totally use scallops, salmon cut into
small pieces, or any quick cooking fish instead.

#### You can totally make it your own!

The final step for the curry is to hit it with lime zest, lime juice, a
handful of cilantro, and a little bit of soy sauce for a hint of that umami
flavor.

How badly do you want to dive into that skillet?!

And the best part, is how amazing all of that coconut milk red curry tastes
with the infused rice. It's a flavor punch to the face in the best way
possible. It's kind of the only thing I wanna make for dinner for the
foreseeable future!

#### If you love curry as much as I do, you will love these recipes too!

Butternut Squash Green Curry Rice Noodle Bowls  
Green Curry Hummus  
Roasted Sweet Potato Bacon Red Curry Ramen  
Thai Green Curry Chicken and Vegetable Zucchini Noodles

##### Don't forget to share a photo on Instagram and tag me @spicesinmydna if
you make this recipe! Nothing makes me happier than seeing what you create in
the kitchen. Be sure to hashtag #healthyishjanuary too so I can see all the
Healthyish January recipes you make this month!

4.93 from 14 votes

Print

## Thai Red Curry with Shrimp, Vegetables, and Infused Rice

Thai Red Curry with Shrimp and Vegetables is served with infused rice for the
most flavorful and easiest curry ever! It's filled with vegetables, the most
aromatic and delicious red curry-coconut milk broth, and the rice is infused
with star anise and cardamom for even more flavor! The curry comes together in
minutes, and you won't be able to stop using this method for making the best
rice ever!

Course Dinner, Main, Main Course

Cuisine Thai

Keyword coconut milk curry, coconut milk red curry, easy curry recipe, infused
rice, red curry, shrimp curry, shrimp curry with vegetables, thai red curry,
thai red curry shrimp, vegetable curry, vegetable red curry

Prep Time 20 minutes

Cook Time 20 minutes

Servings 4

Author Molly | Spices in My DNA

### Ingredients

#### For the infused rice

  * 1 3/4 cups water
  * 1 cup basmati rice
  * 3 cardamom pods, crushed with the back of a knife*
  * 2 star anise pods*
  * 1/2 teaspoon salt

#### For the curry

  * 1 tablespoon coconut oil
  * 3 cloves garlic, finely chopped
  * 1 tablespoon freshly grated ginger
  * 2 scallions, thinly sliced
  * 1 medium shallot, thinly sliced
  * 1/4 cup Thai red curry paste*
  * 2 (14.5 ounce) cans full-fat coconut milk*
  * 1/2 teaspoon salt
  * 1/4 teaspoon pepper
  * 1 pound large shrimp, peeled and deveined
  * 1 yellow bell pepper, very thinly sliced
  * 1 small-medium broccoli crown, cut into small florets
  * 2 large carrots, shaved into ribbons with a vegetable peeler
  * zest of 1 lime
  * juice of 1 lime
  * 1 tablespoon soy sauce
  * 1/4 cup chopped cilantro, plus extra for serving
  * thai basil for serving*
  * thinly sliced scallions for serving
  * lime wedges for serving

### Instructions

  1. Begin by making the rice. Bring the water to a boil in a medium saucepan (that has a lid). Once boiling, add the rice, cardamom pods, star ansie pods, and salt. Stir to combine. Cover and reduce heat to medium-low. Cook for 15-20 minutes, or until all liquid is absorbed and rice is tender. Fluff with a fork and discard cardamom and star anise pods.

  2. While the rice is cooking, make the curry. Heat a large, deep skillet over medium-high heat. Add the coconut oil. Once hot, add the garlic, ginger, and a pinch of salt and sauté for 30 seconds to 1 minute, or until fragrant. Add the scallions and shallot and sauté for another 2 minutes. Add the curry paste and cook for an additional 1-2 minutes, stirring constantly to prevent it from burning.

  3. Add the coconut milk, salt, and pepper. Increase heat to high and bring to a boil. Once boiling, add the shrimp, bell pepper, broccoli, and carrots. Reduce heat slightly and simmer for 2-3 minutes, or until shrimp are cooked through and vegetables are cooked to your liking.

  4. Remove from heat, let cool for a minute or two, and stir in lime zest, lime juice, soy sauce, and chopped cilantro. Season to taste with additional salt and pepper if desired. Serve the curry over the infused rice, and garnish with extra cilantro, Thai basil, and scallions. Serve with lime wedges.

### Recipe Notes

*Sometimes cardamom pods can be trickier to find, depending on your grocery store. These are what I use when I can't find them at the store. Whole Foods usually has them too!  
*Same goes for star anise pods. I get them here when I can't get them at the grocery store.  
*This is the Thai red curry paste I use and love when I can't make my own!  
*Make sure you use full-fat coconut milk here. The "lite" stuff isn't nearly as good, especially for this type of curry.  
*If you can't find Thai basil, you can omit or use regular basil. It has a super unique flavor, so try to find it if you can!

 _There may be an affiliate link(s) in this post, which means that if you
click on a product link above and complete a purchase, I’ll receive a small
commission at no extra cost to you! As always, all opinions are my own. Thank
you SO much for reading!_

### Related Posts:

  * Hidden Zucchini Mac and Cheese with Garlic Brown…
  * Red Lentil Dal with Toasted Coconut Rice
  * Green Olive Pasta with Toasted Lemon Breadcrumbs and Herbs

Filed Under: Clean Eats, Healthyish January, Main Course Recipes, Popular
Posts, Seafood Tagged With: healthy, healthyish, infused rice, red curry,
shrimp, thai, vegetables

« Broccoli Pesto Pasta with Roasted Vegetables

Blood Orange Paloma »

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Kendra

January 20, 2020 at 9:21 pm

  
My husband said, “I am blown away!” And he was right. Exceptional meal!

Reply

    * Spices in My DNA

January 21, 2020 at 11:35 am

Thank you SO MUCH Kendra!! You made my day!!

Reply

      * Zohra

December 14, 2021 at 12:18 pm

If I don’t have lime zest or lime can u use rice vinegar?

Reply

        * Spices in My DNA

December 26, 2021 at 12:06 pm

Hi Zohra, the lime is really important in this recipe because it adds acidity,
but also citrusy brightness. If you use rice vinegar, it would change the
flavor of the dish. I can't say I'd recommend it, but you could certainly try.
Let me know if you try!

Reply

  2. Tendai Dandajena

January 26, 2020 at 3:28 pm

Is it possible to use ground cardamom? I’m having such a hard time finding the
pods in store even at Whole Foods 😭

Reply

    * Spices in My DNA

January 27, 2020 at 11:14 am

Hi Tendai! Yes, I think that would work. I'd start with 1/8 of a teaspoon of
ground cardamom or a good pinch and go from there. Let me know if you try it!

Reply

  3. Leishalyn

May 10, 2020 at 9:50 pm

  
Really good recipe. Everyone loved it!!

Reply

    * Spices in My DNA

May 19, 2020 at 3:03 pm

So happy to hear that!! Thank you so much! 🙂

Reply

  4. Lauren

May 21, 2020 at 8:20 pm

  
Made this tonight with regular rice (quarantine pantry troubles!) and the
flavor was very good!! I think the curry paste blooming really made a
difference and we will definitely be putting this shrimp curry in meal
rotation!

Reply

    * Spices in My DNA

May 28, 2020 at 12:36 pm

Thank you so much Lauren! So happy to hear you loved the flavors! I really
appreciate you making it and thank you for letting me know! 🙂

Reply

  5. Neha Kashyap

May 31, 2020 at 11:35 am

  
The curry was really flavorful! Thanks for the easy recipe ti have Thai food
at home during lockdown 🙂

Reply

    * Spices in My DNA

June 1, 2020 at 10:49 am

Thank you so much Neha! I'm so glad you enjoyed it!!

Reply

  6. Victoria

July 30, 2020 at 11:10 pm

My husband said that this was the best meal he has ever had in his life!
Winner!!! Thank you sooooo much!

Reply

    * Spices in My DNA

August 5, 2020 at 9:53 am

Oh my gosh you completely made my day Victoria!!! Thank you SO much!! And tell
your husband I said thank you so much!!! 🙂

Reply

  7. Natalie DiPaolo

August 4, 2020 at 9:57 pm

  
This was a fantastic recipe!! Thank you so much for an amazing Thai curry
recipe to add to my monthly dinner rotation — and also for entertaining
guests! It’s definitely a showstopper and feels quite luxurious. I didn’t have
the spices on hand for the infused rice so stuck with plain basmati and it was
fantastic. Can’t even imagine the punch of flavor the infused rice would have!
I did opt to cook the veggies in the sauce for about 4 minutes before I added
the shrimp as I was worried the broccoli would need more time than the shrimp
to cook, which worked out perfectly. I also used half full-fat, half lite
coconut milk (against your reputation - sorry!) and I thought it was still
velvety and rich. Thanks again!

Reply

    * Spices in My DNA

August 5, 2020 at 9:50 am

Thank you so much Natalie!! I'm so happy it was a hit!! Let me know if you
ever make it again with the infused rice 🙂 Thanks so much for taking the time
to comment!

Reply

  8. addie

August 25, 2020 at 8:49 pm

  
Big hit with the family, Hubby didn't seemed thrilled with the idea of shrimp
curry and my son doesn't eat shrimp. My daughter in law love curry and so do
I. So i grilled some chicken for them and made the curry . Hubby tasted it and
said it was delicious! My son ate the rice and sauce with the grilled chicken.
My daughter in law and I finished the rest!!! I did cut the recipe by about
half ( give or take!!) Will be making this again soon.  
THANK YOU!!!!

Reply

    * Spices in My DNA

August 29, 2020 at 8:51 am

Thank you so much Addie!! So happy it was a hit!! 🙂

Reply

  9. Mathuri

September 4, 2020 at 8:35 pm

Hi, I’d like to double the recipe - anything I should know? In the past I’ve
doubled recipes and the coconut milk always ends up being too much!

Reply

    * Spices in My DNA

September 19, 2020 at 4:40 pm

Nope, you can double this as-is! I'd definitely use full-fat coconut milk for
the best result. Let me know how it goes!

Reply

  10. Mathuri Maya

September 5, 2020 at 6:33 pm

Hi, is there anything to note if weère doubling the recipe! Thank you!

Reply

    * Spices in My DNA

September 19, 2020 at 4:28 pm

Hi! Nope, this will double nicely! No other adjustments needed 🙂 Let me know
how you like it!

Reply

  11. K

September 24, 2020 at 9:55 pm

  
Excellent curry recipe. I did saute my veggies (bell peppers, mushrooms,
onions and leftover broccoli) before I made the curry, then added the veggies
back and cooked the shrimp in the finished curry. A different recipe called
for corn starch (not sure it made any difference) and another called for 1 1/2
tbs of brown sugar. I used both. Some might want more "heat" (sriracha does
the trick). I think a splash or two of seasoned Asian vinegar at the end would
punch it up, too. Grated carrot is a fun garnish. We had ours with whole grain
rice. Shrimp was delicious.

Reply

    * Spices in My DNA

October 7, 2020 at 4:31 pm

Thank you so much!! So happy you enjoyed it!

Reply

  12. Jas

November 10, 2020 at 9:54 pm

  
Wow I never thought I could make something this delicious and it’s all thanks
to your recipe. Thank you so much! Will make this all the time 🙂

Reply

    * Spices in My DNA

November 22, 2020 at 12:10 pm

Aww thank you so much Jas! I'm so glad you loved it!! Thank you so much for
your sweet comment 🙂

Reply

  13. Isabelle

January 7, 2021 at 9:19 am

Is one can coconut milk enough or does it really need two?

Reply

    * Spices in My DNA

January 15, 2021 at 11:16 pm

I'd recommend using two - with one can you won't get much of the flavorful
broth, and the curry will be spicier as it won't be as diluted. I think would
still work, it would just be bit different. Let me know if you try it!

Reply

  14. Cathy

March 7, 2021 at 7:04 pm

My sister and I made this tonight and the family LOVED it. Great recipe we
used bell pepper, carrots, broccoli and creamer potatoes with the shrimp, used
the cooked and cleaned shrimp. AWESOME, will make this again.

Reply

    * Spices in My DNA

March 18, 2021 at 9:44 pm

Thank you so much Cathy!! So happy to hear that 🙂

Reply

  15. Ann Marie Kelly

April 6, 2021 at 5:46 pm

This was a great dish. How could I increase the spice? Add more of the curry
paste?

Reply

    * Spices in My DNA

April 14, 2021 at 8:34 pm

Thank you so much! Yes, you could start by adding another tablespoon of curry
paste - the different brands vary in spice level as well. To be safe, I'd
start with an extra tablespoon and go from there!

Reply

  16. Lizbeth

May 29, 2021 at 3:09 pm

  
This might just be the best thing I've ever cooked. Absolutely delicious!
Definitely saving this recipe. Thank you

Reply

    * Spices in My DNA

June 5, 2021 at 8:05 pm

Oh my gosh thank you so much!! I am so happy you loved it!!

Reply

  17. Jeanne Cofman

June 6, 2021 at 9:36 am

Hi at what step do you add the 1/4 cup cilantro?

Reply

    * Spices in My DNA

June 20, 2021 at 1:08 pm

Sorry about that Jeanne! I've just updated the recipe - you add it along with
the lime juice, zest, and soy sauce. Thank you so much for catching that!

Reply

  18. Chriss

July 29, 2021 at 6:47 pm

I have a question. I’m looking forward to trying this as is (red curry is our
favorite!). But I have some friends that don’t handle too much spice and I was
wondering if you thought the same recipe could work with yellow curry paste
too??

Reply

    * Spices in My DNA

July 29, 2021 at 7:44 pm

Yes, it could work with yellow curry paste, it will just be a different flavor
profile. You could also reduce the amount of red curry paste if you'd like, it
just won't have as much flavor. Let me know if you try it!

Reply

  19. Brigitte Rogers

August 18, 2021 at 7:59 pm

  
This was a hit, everyone liked it.  
My husband wanted more heat, he added some sambal to his dish.  
Is there a curry paste that is spicier that red curry, I used the whole jar
4oz  
Thank you

Reply

    * Spices in My DNA

August 23, 2021 at 11:36 am

So happy it was a hit, thanks Brigitte! The addition of sambal or sriracha
would be perfect - curry paste's can differ greatly in heat depending on the
brand, so it really depends! Depending on what you buy, going the sambal or
sriracha route to cater to your tastes is what I'd recommend! Thanks!!

Reply

  20. Thomas Strasser

September 6, 2021 at 11:08 am

Hi  
no fish sauce? Would you consider to add it? ☺️  
Greetings  
Brgds

Reply

    * Spices in My DNA

September 6, 2021 at 4:22 pm

Hi Thomas! I personally don't love the taste of fish sauce and what it adds to
dishes - I'm just picky about it. I don't think this recipe needs it, but you
can always add it to your taste! Let me know if you try it!

Reply

  21. Fatima Butt

November 15, 2021 at 4:10 pm

If you dont have shallots can you use yellow or red onions?

Reply

    * Spices in My DNA

November 27, 2021 at 11:21 am

Absolutely! Let me know if you try it 🙂

Reply

  22. Helan

May 9, 2022 at 2:54 am

  
Thanks for sharing this amazing recipe.my family loved it.will be sharing this
recipe with my friends.they will like it.

Reply

  23. Ashok

May 11, 2022 at 12:57 am

  
Thanks for sharing this amazing recipe.my family loved it.will be sharing this
recipe with my friends.they will like it.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name *

Email *

Website

## Primary Sidebar

Welcome! I'm so happy you're here. This is the space where I share healthy
recipes with a sprinkle of indulgence mixed in! I’m wildly passionate about
food, and I grew up in a family of foodies. I was surrounded by it from an
early age and immediately fell in love. I love to share super flavorful,
unique, and healthy recipes, as well as indulgent, comforting meals we all
need from time to time!

### Order my cookbook!

Amazon  
Barnes & Noble  
Indiebound  
Books-a-Million  
Book Depository

### Subscribe to receive new posts by email!

Get the latest Spices in My DNA posts in your inbox!

### Most Popular Recipes

### Categories

CategoriesSelect CategoryAppetizersBeefBeveragesBreadBreakfastChickenClean
EatsCookbookCookiesDrinksHealthyish JanuaryMain Course
RecipesMuffinsPastaPizzaPopular
PostsPorkSaladSandwichesSauces/DipsSeafoodSidesSnacksSoupsSugar &
SpiceSweetsTacosUncategorizedWhat I'm Loving

### Recent Posts

  * Burrata Toast with Caramelized Peaches
  * Lemon Artichoke Hummus
  * Brown Butter Double Chocolate Peanut Butter Cup Cookies
  * Fall Orzo Salad
  * Fig Olive Rosemary Whole Wheat Focaccia

## Footer





Spices in My DNA © 2020 * Privacy Policy

