https://www.flavourandsavour.com/easy-thai-red-curry-with-shrimp/#ingredients-and-substitutions


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

Flavour and Savour

  * About Me
  * Appetizers
  * Baking
  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes
  * Desserts
  * Main Dishes
  * Salads and Dressings
  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * About Me
  * Appetizers
  * Baking
  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes
  * Desserts
  * Main Dishes
  * Salads and Dressings

*   * Email
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

×

Home » Seafood Recipes » Shrimp and Prawns » Easy Thai Red Curry with Shrimp

# Easy Thai Red Curry with Shrimp

Published: Feb 22, 2022 · Modified: Feb 22, 2022 by Elaine · This post may
contain Amazon affiliate links · As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying
purchases. This blog generates income via ads · 16 Comments

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

_This Thai red curry recipe with shrimp or prawns is easy to whip up and can
be ready in about 30 minutes! Made with succulent shrimp in the yummiest Thai
red coconut curry sauce, it's served over jasmine rice. It's easy to customize
with your favourite veggies!_

## ❤️ Why you'll love this recipe

  * Love going out for Thai food? Me too! But with this easy recipe for Thai red curry with shrimp or prawns, ready in half an hour, I'm happy to eat in!
  * Served over jasmine rice, this makes a complete meal. It's made with the creamiest coconut red curry sauce and of course, it's naturally gluten-free. 
  * It's also very easy to adapt to your tastes. This recipe as written below makes a mild curry. Feel free to amp it up by adding more red curry paste and a little more fish sauce.
  * It's another one of my favourite 30-minute meals!

Love to cook with shrimp and prawns? Wondering what's the best way to buy,
cook or thaw shrimp? You'll find all the answers in this Complete Guide to
Cooking Shrimp and Prawns.

And you'll discover over 20 favourite ways to cook shrimp in this round-up of
my Best Healthy Shrimp Recipes.

Jump to:

  * ❤️ Why you'll love this recipe
  * 🛒 Ingredients and substitutions
  * 🔪 How to make Thai red coconut shrimp curry with Jasmine rice
  * 🔁 Possible Variations
  * 👍🏼 Helpful Tips
  * ❓ How long do I cook shrimp or prawns?
  * 🍽 Serving Suggestions
  * ⏰ Storage Instructions
  * 🗒 More 30-minute recipes
  * 📖 Recipe Card

## 🛒 Ingredients and substitutions

You'll find a complete list of ingredients with amounts in the recipe card
below. But before we get to the full recipe, here are a few notes about some
of the key ingredients.

  * **large shrimp or prawns:** I've made this dish with both Ocean-Wise imported shrimp and with locally caught spot prawns. Both are delicious, but for me, the naturally sweet spot prawns are my number one choice. However, they're not always available, so use what you have where you live.
  *  **coconut milk:** I like to use a whole can in this recipe. The full-fat coconut milk gives a creamy texture and lots of mellow flavour.
  *  **fish sauce:** Don't be put off by the smell. You will not detect this in the finished dish. Fish sauce adds an important layer of umami flavour to this Thai red curry.
  *  **red curry paste:** I use Thai Kitchen red curry paste, but any brand of red curry paste you can find at your local store will work in this recipe. Other brands may vary in their level of heat, so taste it first.
  *  **sugar:** you need sugar to balance the flavours in this dish. I like to use coconut sugar for its lower glycemic index and its caramel flavour. You can substitute brown sugar if you'd like.
  *  **ginger:** fresh grated ginger brightens the flavours in this curry. If you don't have any, you could use half the amount of ground ginger, but I highly recommend using fresh. It really amps up the flavour.
  *  **cilantro leaves:** you'll add half to the coconut curry sauce and save the remainder to sprinkle on top before serving.
  *  **basil:** If you can find Thai basil, use it. If not, regular fresh basil adds amazing flavour. Just like the cilantro, you'll use half in the curry sauce and save half to garnish.
  *  **limes:** you'll need two, one to squeeze for the juice and the second to slice into quarters for garnish and an extra squeeze over the finished dish

## 🔪 How to make Thai red coconut shrimp curry with Jasmine rice

Here's an overview of what you'll do to make this recipe perfectly. You'll
find complete instructions in the recipe card at the end of this post.

This shrimp curry recipe takes very little time to cook. You'll want to watch
carefully to make sure you don't overcook the peppers or the shrimp/prawns.

I suggest having everything sliced, diced or combined before you start
cooking. If you have the shrimp marinating, the curry sauce ingredients
combined and the aromatics prepped, this red curry recipe will turn out
perfectly!

1\. Saute onions and peppers. Remove. 2\. Cook shrimp until no long
translucent. Remove. 3\. Add the onions and peppers back to the skillet and
add the coconut curry sauce. 4\. Once reduced by half, add the shrimp to the
skillet with the cilantro and basil.

First, put your rice on to cook, either in an Instant Pot or use my Never-Fail
Thai Coconut Rice recipe.

Once you have everything for the curry prepared, start by sauteing the onions
and peppers. Once they've softened, you'll remove them to a bowl.

Next, cook the shrimp in the same skillet, then remove it to a separate bowl.

Now you'll add the onions and peppers back into the skillet and combine them
with the coconut curry sauce.

Bring this mixture to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer until it has
reduced by half. At this point, you'll add the shrimp or prawns back into the
sauce along with half the herbs.

Serve over fluffy Jasmine rice and garnish with more cilantro, basil and green
onion. Offer lime quarters for an extra squeeze of yum!

## 🔁 Possible Variations

Feel free to add a different protein, like chicken. Add extra vegetables! Try

  * snow peas or sugar snap peas
  * thinly sliced carrots
  * mushrooms
  * chopped kale

## 👍🏼 Helpful Tips

The best curries are made with lots of aromatics, like onions, fresh garlic
and ginger. This recipe also adds lots of fresh herbs for another layer of
flavour.

This recipe as written is mildly spicy. Taste the coconut curry sauce once
you've simmered and reduced it. Not spicy enough? Add a little more red curry
paste, a small spoonful at a time, or another tablespoon of fish sauce and
grate a little more ginger if you like.

## ❓ How long do I cook shrimp or prawns?  

**How do I know when shrimp and prawns are cooked?**

It's very easy to overcook shrimp or prawns. Shrimp become tough and rubbery
when cooked too long, so watch carefully. You'll know they're done when they
curl into a C-shape and have lost their translucence. If they become so curled
that the ends overlap, they've been overcooked.

## 🍽 Serving Suggestions

I like this Thai red coconut curry over jasmine rice, but you could easily
serve it over rice noodles, 100% buckwheat soba noodles, or your favourite
gluten-free pasta.

## ⏰ Storage Instructions

You can store leftover curry covered in the fridge for a day or two. Reheat
gently in a skillet or in a microwave (add a little water if you've stored it
with rice.)

## 🗒 More 30-minute recipes

  * Blackberry Balsamic Grilled Chicken Salad

  * Thai Red Curry with Chicken

  * 6 Crispy Air Fryer Chicken Wings

  * Miso Glazed Salmon in Foil Packets

Enjoy! When you make this Thai shrimp curry recipe, please leave a comment and
a rating below. I love hearing from you! Thanks in advance. Subscribe to my
newsletter and receive new recipes delivered straight to your inbox once a
week.

## 📖 Recipe Card

## Thai Red Curry with Shrimp

An easy-to-make Thai-style red curry with shrimp or prawns served over jasmine
rice.

Print Pin Rate

Course: Entree/Main Dish

Cuisine: Thai

Diet: Gluten Free

Prep Time: 15 minutes

Cook Time: 15 minutes

Total Time: 30 minutes

Servings: 2 large

Calories: 583kcal

Author: Elaine

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Equipment

1 12 inch skillet

1 Instant Pot pressure cooker (for rice) OR saucepan with tight-fitting lid

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 1 cup jasmine rice
  * ▢ 1 pound large shrimp or prawns, tails on
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons olive oil, divided
  * ▢ 2 cloves garlic, minced
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon dried red chili flakes
  * ▢ 1 small onion, peeled and diced
  * ▢ ½ large red bell pepper, seeded, diced or sliced
  * ▢ ½ large yellow bell pepper, seeded, diced or sliced
  * ▢ ½ large orange bell pepper, seeded, diced or sliced
  * ▢ 1 14 oz. can (396 ml.) full-fat coconut milk
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons fish sauce
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons red curry paste
  * ▢ 2 teaspoons fresh ginger, finely grated
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon coconut sugar, or brown sugar
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons lime juice, freshly squeezed
  * ▢ ¼ cup cilantro leaves, finely chopped
  * ▢ ¼ cup basil leaves, finely chopped
  * ▢ 1 green onion, thinly sliced
  * ▢ 1 medium lime, quartered, for garnish

### Instructions

  * Begin by cooking the rice. You can either cook it in an Instant Pot (1 cup rice with 1 cup water and a pinch of salt) for 5 minutes with a 10-minute natural release OR use my recipe for Never Fail Thai Coconut Rice, cooked on the stovetop. (link to recipe in Notes, below.)

  * Peel and devein the shrimp or prawns. You can leave the tails on (they add flavour) or remove them first, your choice.

  * Toss the shrimp with 2 teaspoons olive oil, minced garlic and red chili flakes. Set aside.

  * Make the Thai red curry sauce. Combine the coconut milk with the fish sauce, curry paste, ginger, sugar, and lime juice. Set aside.

  * Heat 2 teaspoons oil in a skillet over medium heat. Saute diced onions and bell peppers until softened but not browned, about 5 - 7 minutes. Remove to a bowl.

  * Add 2 teaspoons oil to the skillet. Cook shrimp (prawns) for a minute or two on each side, just until no longer translucent. Remove to a separate bowl.

  * Transfer the onions and peppers back to the skillet and add the coconut curry sauce mixture. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat and simmer until reduced by half. 

  * Add the shrimp back into the skillet. Stir in half the cilantro and basil leaves. 

  * Serve over jasmine rice. Garnish with the remaining cilantro, basil and sliced green onion.

### Notes

Never-Fail Thai Coconut Rice

This recipe as written is mildly spicy. Taste the coconut curry sauce once
you've simmered and reduced it. Not spicy enough? Add a little more red curry
paste, a small spoonful at a time, or another tablespoon of fish sauce and
grate a little more ginger if you like.



### Nutrition

Calories: 583kcal | Carbohydrates: 100g | Protein: 10g | Fat: 16g | Saturated
Fat: 3g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 2g | Monounsaturated Fat: 11g | Sodium: 1448mg
| Potassium: 600mg | Fiber: 6g | Sugar: 12g | Vitamin A: 5552IU | Vitamin C:
211mg | Calcium: 105mg | Iron: 3mg

Tried this Recipe? Pin it for Later!Mention @enessman or tag
#flavourandsavour!

« Simple Orange Collagen Creamsicle Shake

Easy Baked Lemon Chicken »

  *   *   *   *   * 

Search

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Terr

June 07, 2022 at 3:58 am

  
Can’t wait to get shrimp and make this! Jasmine rice will be perfect with it-
so flavourful 😋Pinned for later!

Reply

  2. Sean

June 05, 2022 at 9:57 pm

  
There's not enough red curry in my life. I've got to work my kids up the spice
tolerance ladder a little bit. Haha. I love that you go the extra mile with
the aromatics in order to add extra punch to the sauce. I think too many
people just stop at a curry paste and call it a day. Great with shrimp, and I
suspect this would be very nice with chicken too!

Reply

  3. nancy

June 05, 2022 at 1:59 pm

  
YES to 30 minute recipes especially now that i'm back at the office. It makes
weeknight meals and lunch packing much easier!

Reply

    * Elaine

June 05, 2022 at 7:53 pm

Agreed! Healthy, 30-minute meals are a life-saver for busy parents!

Reply

  4. Colleen

June 01, 2022 at 2:46 pm

  
We love Thai curries so I always have the spice pastes and coconut milk in the
pantry. I was excited to make this red curry with shrimp and it did not
disappoint! We loved it. Thanks for sharing.

Reply

    * Elaine

June 01, 2022 at 4:56 pm

Thanks so much for taking the time to comment, Colleen!

Reply

  5. Asha

June 01, 2022 at 2:36 am

  
This recipe came out great, I loved all the creamy coconut milk in the curry
sauce. So quick and easy, too!

Reply

    * Elaine

June 01, 2022 at 1:27 pm

Happy to hear you loved this recipe, Asha!

Reply

  6. Vanessa

May 31, 2022 at 4:31 pm

  
So much better than takeout! Totally satisfied the craving I had for thai red
curry!

Reply

    * Elaine

June 01, 2022 at 1:27 pm

Thanks for the great review, Vanessa!

Reply

  7. May

March 02, 2022 at 7:44 pm

  
Fabulous! I used shrimp I had in the freezer. Turned out great!

Reply

    * Elaine

March 02, 2022 at 7:46 pm

Great! Thanks for taking the time to let me know.

Reply

  8. Bree

February 28, 2022 at 9:51 pm

  
So good! I added broccoli to it. Will definitely make this again--soon!

Reply

    * Elaine

March 01, 2022 at 9:10 am

That's a great idea, Bree! Glad to hear it will be a regular meal in your
home!

Reply

  9. Kara

February 25, 2022 at 2:22 pm

  
Hi. I made this as soon as I saw you posted it! This was just the right level
of "heat" for us. Thanks. Will make it again, and try it with chicken.

Reply

    * Elaine

March 02, 2022 at 7:49 pm

  
Thanks Kara! Happy to hear it was just right for you. Thanks for taking the
time to comment!

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

  * Email
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

### Find the perfect recipe

Search

## Welcome! I'm Elaine

I create delicious gluten-free recipes that everyone can make. I’m here to
show you that gluten-free eating doesn’t have to be complicated! I’ll help you
make healthy meals that you’ll want to share with family and friends. About
Me!

## Summer Favourites

  * Mexican Corn Salad with Queso Fresco

  * 20 Easy Finger Food Appetizers

  * Easy Thai Chicken Skewers

  * Quick Refrigerator Pickled Beans

  * Homemade Sweet Peach Salad Dressing

  * 8 Fabulous Cherry Recipes for Fresh or Frozen Cherries

  * 5 Tips for Making Crostini - Ultimate Guide

  * Cherry Crisp with Frozen Cherries

## Popular Posts

  * How to Make an Affogato Coffee Dessert

  * Hollyhock Nutritional Yeast Dressing

## Footer

↑ back to top

## About

About Me

Privacy Policy

Accessibility Statement

##  Newsletter

**SIGN UP HERE**

for weekly recipes and tips!

##  Contact

Contact me

Use of Recipes and Images

As an Amazon Associate, I earn from qualifying purchases. Copyright © 2022

  *   *   *   *   * 

