https://kaynutrition.com/thai-red-prawn-curry/


Skip to content

Facebook page opens in new windowInstagram page opens in new windowPinterest
page opens in new window

Stephanie Kay | Nutritionist & Speaker

Real Food for Real Life

  * About
  * Program
  * Recipes
    * Breakfast
    * Mains
    * Soups & Stews
    * Salads
    * Sides
    * Snacks
    * Desserts
    * Drinks
    * Dressings & Sauces
  * Nutrition
    * Tips
    * FAQs
    * Myths
    * Guides
    * Digestion
    * Weight Loss
  * Downloads
  * Cookbooks
  * Contact
    * Contact Steph
    * Press & Media
    * Corporate Speaking

__  0

View CartCheckout

  * No products in the cart.

**Subtotal:** $0.00

View CartCheckout

Search:

__

__

  * About
  * Program
  * Recipes
    * Breakfast
    * Mains
    * Soups & Stews
    * Salads
    * Sides
    * Snacks
    * Desserts
    * Drinks
    * Dressings & Sauces
  * Nutrition
    * Tips
    * FAQs
    * Myths
    * Guides
    * Digestion
    * Weight Loss
  * Downloads
  * Cookbooks
  * Contact
    * Contact Steph
    * Press & Media
    * Corporate Speaking

# Thai Red Prawn Curry

### This Thai red prawn curry (or shrimp curry) is perfect for a quick and
easy weeknight meal.

This Thai red prawn curry is a little something I like to call "c _urry in a
hurry "_. Made with red curry paste, coconut milk, vegetables and shrimp, this
recipe can be eaten on its own, served with a side of rice or on top of
noodles.



## Prawn Coconut Curry

This Thai-inspired red prawn curry is certainly not an authentic dish but it's
still packed full of flavour. The key to this simple recipe is the red curry
paste; available in most major grocery stores, it's a great way to create a
big punch of flavour with minimal effort. Plus, most brands are made solely of
real food ingredients, such as lemongrass, galangal root, coriander root and
kaffir lime peel, so you can feel good about taking this shortcut in the
kitchen.



This easy red prawn coconut curry is packed full of protein, veggies and a
rich and creamy coconut sauce. Not only is it quick and easy to prepare, but
it stores well as leftovers so you will have healthy meals for days to come.

### More Healthy Curry Recipes:

  * Thai Cod Green Curry
  * Veggie Curry in a Hurry



Print

clock clock iconcutlery cutlery iconflag flag iconfolder folder iconinstagram
instagram iconpinterest pinterest iconfacebook facebook iconprint print
iconsquares squares iconheart heart iconheart solid heart solid icon

## Thai Red Prawn Curry

★★★★ 4 from 1 reviews

  * Author: Stephanie Kay
  * Prep Time: 5 minutes
  * Cook Time: 20 minutes
  * Total Time: 25 minutes
  * Yield: 2 servings 1x
  * Category: Curry
  * Method: Stovetop
  * Cuisine: Thai

Print Recipe

Pin Recipe

* * *

### Description

This easy Thai red prawn curry recipe is perfect for busy nights when you want
a quick and easy flavour-packed meal.

* * *

### Ingredients

Scale 1x2x3x

  * 1 tablespoon coconut oil or olive oil
  * 1 pound prawns, cleaned and peeled with tails removed
  * 2 spring onions, diced
  * 1-inch fresh ginger, grated or minced
  * 2 garlic cloves, minced
  * 1 carrot, julienned or thinly sliced
  * 1/2 red bell pepper, julienned or thinly sliced
  * 1 cup snow peas
  * 1 cup bean sprouts
  * 1 can coconut milk (400ml)
  * 1/2 cup vegetable or chicken
  * 2 tablespoons Thai red curry paste
  * 1 handful of fresh coriander, roughly chopped
  * Fish sauce (optional)
  * Salt

* * *

### Instructions

  1. In a large pan or skillet, heat oil on medium heat.
  2. Add spring onions, ginger and garlic and cook for 1 - 2 minutes, stirring frequently to ensure they do not burn.
  3. Add carrot and bell pepper and continue to cook for 3 - 4 minutes until tender but not soft.
  4. Add curry paste, stir to coat the vegetables, and heat for about 30 seconds until fragrant. Then add a small tablespoon of broth to the pan to remove any tasty bits from the bottom of the pan.
  5. Add remaining broth and coconut milk, stirring to combine with the vegetable mixture.
  6. Add snap peas, bean sprouts and raw prawn, stir to combine in the vegetable and coconut milk mixture, reduce heat to a simmer and cook for 5-6 minutes until prawns are cooked through and no longer pink.
  7. As the mixture cooks, monitor the consistency and add as much broth as needed. If you prefer a thinner broth add a little more.
  8. Season with a pinch of sea salt (or 1 teaspoon of fish sauce) to taste. At the last minute, stir in the coriander.
  9. Once cooked, the prawn curry can be served immediately on its own or with a side of rice.
  10. The curry can also be stored in the fridge for up to 5 days or in the freezer for 3 months.

* * *

* * *

### Nutrition

  * **Serving Size:** 1 serving
  * **Calories:** 360 calories
  * **Sugar:** 5 grams
  * **Fat:** 25 grams
  * **Carbohydrates:** 11 grams
  * **Fiber:** 3 grams
  * **Protein:** 27 grams

_**Keywords:** coconut, healthy, easy, quick_

### Did you make this recipe?

Share a photo and tag us — we can't wait to see what you've made!

### Did you make this recipe? Rate it below!

Categories: Dairy-Free, Gluten-Free, Mains, Paleo, RecipesBy Stephanie KayJuly
21, 20154 Comments

SHARE

Pin itShare on Pinterest Share on FacebookShare on Facebook TweetShare on
Twitter

## Post navigation

 __Previous Previous post:Healthy Homemade Granola __Next Next post:Spicy
Roasted Chickpeas

### Related posts

Avocado Corn Salad  
August 7, 2022

Peach Pancakes  
July 31, 2022

Grilled Tofu Skewers  
July 24, 2022

Hummus Pita Pizzas  
July 17, 2022

### 4 Comments

  1. Kirsten says:

May 29, 2017 at 9:52 pm

Made this tonight after a friend recommended it and it was so good! Squeezed a
little lime over top at the end, next time I want to try some pineapple chunks
as well. Love!

Reply

    * Stephanie Kay says:

May 30, 2017 at 9:44 am

Ohh, clever idea with the pineapple!

Reply

  2. Pingback: Best Thai Coconut Prawn/Shrimp Curry Recipes - Best Rankings Online

  3. Jessica says:

February 26, 2022 at 9:50 pm

This was delicious! I used yellow curry paste since that is what I had.. Would
have been even better with the red curry paste suggested in the recipe with
the additional flavour/spice. Will try squeezing some lime on it next time
like someone else had suggested.

★★★★

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published.

Recipe rating _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_

Comment

Name * Email * Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Post comment

### HEY, I’M RED!

I’m a fiery and sassy holistic nutritionist that loves real food. My mission?
To change the way people look at food and teach them how to make real food
work for real life, while having a lot of fun along the way. Learn More.

### Grab your FREE 7-Day Meal Plan!

First Name

Email



Send it to me!

Copyright Stephanie Kay Nutrition 2020. All Rights Reserved. Site Credits.

ABOUT

RECIPES

BLOG

PROGRAM

PRIVACY POLICY

CONTACT

PRESS & MEDIA

COACHING

CORPORATE

EBOOKS

  

### Grab your FREE 7-Day Meal Plan!

  
  

Send it to me!

  
  
  

Go to Top

## Get a FREE meal plan right to your inbox!

Send it to me!

## You have Successfully Subscribed!

