https://www.piedmont.org/living-better/fried-brown-rice-with-asian-greens


Close X

  * Find a Doctor
  * Services
  * Patients & Visitors
  * Locations
  * Give __

  * All  Content Living Better Physician's Name News

__Close

  * __Search
  * __ER Wait Times
  * __About Us
  * __Careers
  * __For Medical Professionals
  * __Pay Bill
  * __Piedmont MyChart

For COVID testing, make an appointment at an Urgent Care or QuickCare location
or visit hhs.gov.  
If you have a medical emergency, visit one of our Emergency Departments.

  * About Us
  * Medical Professionals
  * Give
  * Careers
  * ER Wait Times
  * Piedmont MyChart
  * Search 

  * ER Wait Times
  * Give
  * Careers
  * Pay Bill

  * Find Doctors
  * Medical Services __

× __Medical Services

    * **Brain Tumor** Nationally recognized brain tumor destination for patients in the Southeast.

**Heart** A nationally recognized heart center providing comprehensive heart
and vascular health services.

**Neurosciences** Customized approach to neurology treatment for a wide range
of conditions.

**QuickCare** Same-day convenient care right around the corner.

    * **Oncology** Our multidisciplinary team provides comprehensive cancer care in a supportive environment.

**Maternity Services** Compassionate and personalized Maternity care for you
and your baby.

**Primary Care** Our providers are dedicated to providing care that helps you
achieve and maintain better health.

**Transplant** Transplant surgery pioneers for liver, pancreas, kidney and
heart care.

    * **More Services**

Bariatrics Behavioral Health Breast Health Diabetes Emergency Care Imaging
Orthopedics Pulmonary Rehabilitation Rheumatology Robotic Surgery

Sixty Plus Sleep Spine Center Surgery Thoracic Surgery Urgent Care Urology
Vein Care Women's Health Wound Care

View All Medical Services __

  * Find Locations
  * Patient Resources __

× __Resources

    * **Piedmont Now** Same day appointments with Primary Care, Urgent Care and QuickCare providers.

**Piedmont MyChart** Access your test results, communicate with your provider,
request prescription refills, manage your appointments and more.

**Living Better** Read articles on helpful tips, health news, recipes and
more.

**Fitness Centers** Our fitness centers focus on disease prevention,
rehabilitation and general health maintenance.

    * **Preparing For Your Visit** Pre-register for your appointment, get a price estimate and review your pre-appointment checklist.

**Classes & Events** View and register online for upcoming community events
and classes.

**Pay Bill** Track, manage and pay your Piedmont bill.

**Financial Assistance** We provide financial assistance options for
qualifying patients.

    * **More Resources**

Visitor Assistance Medical Records Living Better Media Room Patient Forms
Patient Forms (Heart) Cancer Wellness Online Senior Health Advance Directives

Smoking Cessation Walk With A Doc Wellness Resources

View All Patient Resources __

  * Pay Bill
  * Search 
  * Schedule Appointment

  * MyChart
  *   * 

  * Find Doctors
  * Find Locations
  * Schedule Appt

Home  /  Living Better  /  Fried Brown Rice with Asian Greens

__Back to Living Better

Living Better newsletter

Sign Up

 __

#### Living Better  
newsletter sign up

First Name Last Name Email Address Birthdate

Zip Code

\--None-- Heart Health Cancer Care Women's Health Men's Health Health and
Wellness

## Fried Brown Rice with Asian Greens

Asian greens are a wonderful addition to any diet. They can be steamed, stir-
fried, stewed and braised. And they are a great source of vitamin C, vitamin
K, iron, calcium and potassium.

Asian greens include: bok choy, Napa cabbage, Gai Lan and pea shoots.

Check out this delicious recipe from our friends at the Peachtree Road Farmers
Market.

## Ingredients:

Yield: Four Entree Portions

  * 6 Cups Cooked Brown Rice (according to package instructions)
  * 2 Bunches Asian Greens, Chopped
  * 2-inch piece of ginger, julienned
  * 2 cloves garlic, mashed into a paste
  * 1 onion, chopped
  * 2 carrots, diced into small pieces
  * 1-pint oyster mushrooms
  * 3 tablespoons coconut oil
  * 2 eggs, slightly beaten
  * Salt & pepper (to taste)
  * Soy sauce (to taste)

To cook the greens:

Heat saute pan and 1 tablespoon of coconut oil over medium heat.

Next, add ginger, garlic, carrot, mushrooms and onion. Cook until fragrant and
carrots and mushrooms are cooked through.

Add chopped Asian greens and season with salt and pepper. Cook until wilted
and wet. Remove greens from pan and set aside.

To cook the rice:

Heat cast iron pan with 2 tablespoons of coconut oil. Add cooked rice and cook
until crispy. Create two "wells" with the rice.  Add eggs and cook until no
longer runny. Season with soy sauce and serve with cooked greens on top.

For more great recipes, click here.

Need to make an appointment with a Piedmont physician? Save time, book online.

## Keywords

  * fried rice
  * Asian greens 

## Related Stories

Healthy Game Day snacks

A cardiologist’s heart-healthy salmon recipe

Pear, Arugula and Padron Salad with a Warm Bacon Vinaigrette

__View all related stories

# Schedule your appointment online

Schedule with our online booking tool

*We have detected that you are using an unsupported or outdated browser. An update is not required, but for best search experience we strongly recommend updating to the latest version of Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Internet Explorer 11+ 

#### Share this story

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

## Download the Piedmont Now app

  * Directions
  * Indoor Hospital Navigation
  * Find & Save Physicians
  * Online Scheduling

### Download the app today!

## Patient Support

  * Find Doctors
  * Find Medical Services
  * Find Locations
  * Schedule Appointment
  * Pay a Bill
  * Piedmont MyChart
  * Request Medical Records
  * Pre-Registration

## Resources

  * For Medical Professionals
  * Referral Forms
  * Clinical Research
  * Financial Resources
  * Advanced Directives

## Piedmont Healthcare

  * Careers
  * Living Better Blog
  * Classes & Events
  * News
  * About
  * Give to Piedmont Healthcare
  * Volunteer

Connect With Us

  *   *   *   * 

All videos and content are the exclusive property of Piedmont Healthcare and
may not be used by any third parties for any other purposes.

Copyright © 2022 Piedmont Healthcare

  * Disclosures
  * Contact Us
  * Privacy
  * Non-Discrimination
  * Compliance
  * Joint Notice
  * Social Media

/*function loadScripts() { var scriptSignalR =
document.createElement('script'); scriptSignalR.type = 'text/javascript';
scriptSignalR.async = true; scriptSignalR.src =
'https://guide.loyalhealth.com/scripts/jquery.signalR-2.2.2.min.js'; var
sSignal = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0];
sSignal.parentNode.insertBefore(scriptSignalR, sSignal); var scriptBundle =
document.createElement('script'); scriptBundle.type = 'text/javascript';
scriptBundle.async = true; scriptBundle.setAttribute("data-id", "guide-client-
id"); scriptBundle.setAttribute("data-value",
"714df406-8802-479f-a96b-f4e362ebab70"); scriptBundle.src =
'https://guide.loyalhealth.com/client/client.bundle.js'; var s =
document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0];
s.parentNode.insertBefore(scriptBundle, s); } function rand(min, max) { let
randomNum = Math.random() * (max - min) + min; return Math.floor(randomNum); }
function chatbotrandomcheck() { //var randomnumbers = [1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 9]; //if
(randomnumbers.indexOf(rand(0, 10)) !== -1) { // console.log("Value exists!");
// return true; //} else { // console.log("Value does not exists!"); // return
false; //} var bDisplay = false; $.ajax({ type: "POST", contentType:
"application/json; charset=utf-8", url:
"/ExecuteWebMethods.aspx/ChatBotDisplayReadUpdate", data: "{}", dataType:
"json", async: false, success: function (display) { bDisplay = display.d; },
error: function (result) { alert('chatbotrandom: error'); } }); return
bDisplay; } function Logbrowserip(data) { $.ajax({ type: "POST", contentType:
"application/json; charset=utf-8", url:
"/ExecuteWebMethods.aspx/logbrowserip", data: "{'chatbotdisplayallowed':'" +
data + "'}", //data: "{ 'chatbotdisplayallowed': 'True' }", dataType: "json",
error: function (request) { event.preventDefault(); }, success: function
(data) { }, error: function (result) { } }); } $(document).ready(function () {
if (sessionStorage.getItem('chatbotdisplay') === null) { //if
(chatbotrandomcheck()) { loadScripts();
sessionStorage.setItem('chatbotdisplay', true); Logbrowserip('true'); //} else
{ // Logbrowserip('false'); // sessionStorage.setItem('chatbotdisplay',
false); //} } else if (sessionStorage.getItem('chatbotdisplay') === 'true') {
loadScripts(); } }); */  $(document).ready(function () { var pageurl =
window.location.pathname; if (pageurl == '/') initHomeAnswers(); else
initAnswers(); }); function initAnswers() { ANSWERS.init({ apiKey:
"9d149f10d836dd4ae1332578c0c2d033", experienceKey: "answers",
experienceVersion: "PRODUCTION", locale: "en", // e.g. en businessId:
"2192399", onReady: function () { ANSWERS.addComponent("SearchBar", {
container: ".answers_search_form", useForm: false, // REQUIRED FOR ASP.NET
SITES name: "search-bar", //Must be unique for every search bar on the same
page redirectUrl: "/search/search-results", placeholderText: "Search" }); },
}); } function initHomeAnswers() { ANSWERS.init({ apiKey:
"9d149f10d836dd4ae1332578c0c2d033", experienceKey: "answers",
experienceVersion: "PRODUCTION", locale: "en", // e.g. en businessId:
"2192399", onReady: function () { ANSWERS.addComponent("SearchBar", {
container: ".answers_search_form", useForm: false, // REQUIRED FOR ASP.NET
SITES name: "search-bar", //Must be unique for every search bar on the same
page redirectUrl: "/search/search-results", placeholderText: "Search" });
ANSWERS.addComponent("SearchBar", { container: ".answers_search_form2",
useForm: false, // REQUIRED FOR ASP.NET SITES name: "search-bar2", //Must be
unique for every search bar on the same page redirectUrl: "/search/search-
results", placeholderText: "What can we help you find?" }); }, }); }

