https://www.indianhealthyrecipes.com/vegetable-fried-rice-indian-style/


Skip to content

Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About

Search

Toggle Menu

Search

# Veg Fried Rice, How to Make Fried Rice

Home >> Recipes >> Indo-Chinese Recipes

Byswasthi

326 Comments

__WhatsApp

 __Share 17K

 __Pin 4K

 __Reddit 1

 __Tweet

 __Email

21K Shares

Veg fried rice recipe with easy steps for beginners. Fried rice is a delicious
meal in itself, loaded with fresh vegetables, packed with flavors and comes
together under 30 minutes. If you are looking for a go-to meal for busy
weeknights then this Chinese fried rice can be a great staple. This tastes as
good as any restaurant version plus it is much healthier. Customize it with
your favorite add-ons & enjoy veg fried rice at the comfort of your home.

* * *

It needs no sides, but many of use love those saucy Chinese sides like
Manchurian or a chilli gravy when we eat out. So if you plan for a special
weekend meal, then try this out with my **Veg Manchurian** or **chilli
paneer**.

## About Fried Rice

Fried rice is an Asian dish made by stir frying cooked rice in a wok with
vegetables, soya sauce and sometimes with meat & eggs as well. You will find
numerous versions across Asia, made with varying ingredients like onions,
scallions, preserved meat, garlic etc.

Though fried rice originated in the Chinese cuisine, it is a staple in lot of
other Asian countries like Indonesia, Thailand, Japan and India. Perfectly
cooked grainy & non-sticky rice, the right amount of sauce & high heat is what
makes any fried rice the best.

**Chinese food** is all about the amazing smoky aroma, saucy flavors and the
beautiful colors. Well-made fried rice is stir fried in a carbon steel or cast
iron wok on the highest heat to acquire the unique smoky aroma. The right
amount of sauces coat the rice with a delicate flavor & transform to a mouth-
watering dish.

Home cooked foods can never beat the flavors of foods served in authentic
Chinese restaurants. Large woks, large stoves/burners & high heat imparts a
natural smoky aroma which cannot be replicated exactly. But still it is not
viable for many of us to eat out often.

**Contents** hide

1 About Fried Rice

2 How To Make Veg Fried Rice (Stepwise photos)

3 Pro Tips

4 Ingredients & substitutes

5 Fried rice recipe – variations

6 Faqs

7 Recipe Card

### My Recipe

In this post I share with you the easiest recipe to make the best flavorful
and aromatic veg fried rice at home.

My fried rice recipe does not use a lot of ingredients except for good quality
aged rice, soya sauce, veggies, vinegar and oil. I do not use ajinomotto (MSG)
to make any of our foods. You can still make a very good vegetable fried rice
without it. Most restaurants use it as it enhances the taste & flavor.

So this is our favorite go to basic fried rice recipe. I also customize it in
numerous way so my boys don't get bored of it. Check out the possible
variations below.

Advertisement

## How To Make Veg Fried Rice (Stepwise photos)

If you have precooked grainy (non-mushy) rice, then skip this section
completely. Most people prefer to use up 1 day old cooked rice or left over
rice. We don't eat leftover rice so I always make fried rice with fresh cooked
rice. I have shown below the way we personally prefer & is guaranteed to give
the best results.

### Preparation - cook rice

1\. Soak 1 cup rice for 10 to 20 mins. If you are a large family you can make
make more rice (upto 3 cups) following the same method. Add rice to a large
bowl. This is the kind of basmati rice I use. You can also use any long grain
or medium grain like Jasmine rice or sona masuri.

2\. Rinse the rice very well at least thrice to get rid of the starch. Any
excess starch is going to make the rice sticky and gluey. If using aged
basmati rice, I prefer to soak for at least 10 to 20 mins. This prevents the
grains from turning hard and dry after stir frying in the wok.

3\. Meanwhile pour 4 to 5 cups of water to a large pot and bring it to a
rolling boil on a medium high flame. When the water begins to boil, drain the
rice.

4\. Add it to the boiling water. Also add 1 teaspoon oil to the water.
Continue to cook on a medium high heat.

Advertisement

5\. Keep checking so you don't overcook. This only takes a few minutes. Cook
the rice al dente and not mushy. Grains must be separated yet fully cooked.
This is how they look when perfectly done.

6\. Quickly drain the rice to a colander. Cool it until all of the steam
vanishes. Fluff it up with a fork. If the rice is perfectly al dente, you can
cover and set aside. This prevents the rice from drying & becoming hard.

**Troubleshooting** : If you feel your rice is on the softer side & slightly
over cooked, sprinkle 1 tablespoon oil on the hot rice and spread it. Cool it
without covering.

### Prepare vegetables for fried rice

7\. While the rice cooks, chop all the veggies you need for this fried rice
recipe. Here is the list:

  * 1 small carrot - ¼ to ½ cup fine chopped
  * ½ small bell pepper (¼ to ½ cup fine chopped)
  * 4 to 5 French beans (¼ cup fine chopped)
  * ¼ to ½ cup fine chopped cabbage or 6 button mushrooms sliced (optional)
  * ¼ cup green onions (scallions, 4 stalks, separate greens & whites)
  * 1 green chilies slit (optional)
  * 1 tablespoon fine chopped garlic

Advertisement

### Make Veg Fried Rice

**Cook on high flame and do not overcook the veggies as they lose the
crunch**.

8\. Heat 2 tablespoons oil in a wok on the highest flame. If you don't have a
wok, use a wide pan. Add garlic and saute just for 30 to 40 seconds, till you
get an aroma. Some fine dining Chinese restaurants also add star anise (whole
or powder). So I do add it sometimes. This is optional but gives an awesome
flavor.

9\. Set some of the green onions aside for garnish. Add all chopped vegetables
and slit green chilli. Fry for 2 to 3 minutes. Do not overcook them as we want
them crunchy. But also ensure the raw flavor has gone from French beans. If
you stir fry too long, scallions will lose their crunch.

10\. Optional - Next add half teaspoon sugar if you like. Using sugar keeps
the color of the veggies intact & also helps to balance the flavors.

11\. Ensure the flame is still high at this stage. Add 1 tablespoon soya sauce
and 1 teaspoon vinegar (optional). You can add more or less to suit your
taste. Any other hot sauces you prefer can also be added at this stage. Find
some exciting ideas in the variations section below.

Do not cook the veggies further at this stage as they will sweat out & become
mushy.

12\. The sauce will bubble immediately & begin to smoke. Then add cooled rice,
¼ teaspoon salt and ¼ to ½ teaspoon black pepper.

Advertisement

13\. Toss, mix, stir fry for 2 to 3 mins. Taste test. If needed add more sauce
& salt now to suit your taste. Remember the entire cooking process should
happen on the highest flame. Otherwise the moisture from the veggies can make
the rice mushy.

Garnish veg fried rice with spring onion greens. This fried rice can be served
with any of these sides:  
 **Veg manchurian  
Chilli paneer  
Chilli chicken  
Gobi manchurian  
Chilli potato  
Chicken manchurian**

## Pro Tips

### Get rid of the excess starch

Rinsing rice: Always rinse the rice well at least thrice to get rid of the
excess starch. This helps to cook the rice to grainy without becoming sticky.

Soaking rice: To soak or not is a personal choice. Whenever I use basmati
rice, I prefer to soak it at least for 10 to 20 mins. This helps the rice to
perfectly cook up to beautiful long grains and also prevents the rice from
turning dry and hard after frying it.

### Cook perfect non-mushy rice

There are 2 ways you can cook rice perfectly for this fried rice recipe. The
first method is the absorption method which works well for lesser rice like 1
to 1 ½ cups. The second method is the draining method which is great if you
have a large family or making a lot of fried rice. Most often I follow this
second method as I cook 3 cups of rice for our meal.

So if you are cooking just 1 to 1 ½ cups rice, then you can easily cook
following the absorption method. For this method, for 1 cup rice, you will
need 2 cups water.

**Al dente rice** : Cook rice to al dente on a medium high flame, (NO low
flame here). The grains should be firm and yet fully cooked. Do not overcook
the rice, it takes only a few seconds for al dente cooked rice to get
overcooked and become mushy. So be alert and drain the rice in time.

### Prepare rice to fry

It is very important to cool the rice immediately after cooking. Fluff up the
rice gently in the colander with a fork, let all of the steam reduce. Then add
a tbsp. of oil and spread it gently and then cover it. This prevents the rice
from drying up & becoming hard.

### Prepare vegetables for fried rice

Avoid using frozen or very cold vegetables from the fridge as they let out
moisture & become too soft while frying. Keep the veggies out for a while so
they come down to room temperature before frying. Chop all of them to the same
size.

### Stir fry perfectly

Firstly fry no more than 2 to 3 servings of rice in one batch. Frying a lot of
it at one time will not bring out the flavours. If possible use a large carbon
steel or cast iron wok. As soon as you add the veggies to the wok, remember to
regulate your stove flame to the highest.

Continue to fry the rice until done on a high flame.

## Ingredients & substitutes

**Rice** : Use any long grain or medium grain thin rice. Any rice labelled as
long grain, basmati or jasmine work well to make fried rice. Avoid using short
fat grains as they have more starch content and likely to turn sticky after
cooking. Sona masuri rice also works well.

**Vegetables** : I personally prefer to use carrots, French beans, bell
peppers, green onions & green peas for this basic recipe. Yes peas add some
protein to the dish so it is always there in my kids' fried rice.

A lot of times I make this fried rice with a single veggie like mushrooms,
cabbage, zucchini and sometimes broccoli.  You may use the search bar on top
to check some of these versions that I already posted on the blog.

**Soya sauce** is also known as soy sauce. Choose naturally brewed or organic
soya sauce. Naturally brewed soya sauce is fermented for several months/ years
so it is much more flavorful than the regular one which is treated chemically.
For a gluten-free option substitute it with the same amount of Tamari.

**Vinegar** is one of the less used ingredient in a fried rice. You will not
find vinegar in most Chinese fried rice recipes. But it really adds a slight
tang to the rice and enhances the taste. Rice vinegar is used in Chinese
cooking especially in stir fry, salad dressings etc.

You may skip this easily from the recipe or use apple cider. Avoid white
vinegar as it is too acidic in taste. If using apple cider, use it in
combination with ½ teaspoon sugar as it recreates the same sweet flavour &
taste of rice vinegar.

### Tips to buy soya sauce

While buying soya sauce choose one that is labelled as naturally brewed or
traditionally brewed. Other ways of making soya sauce uses harsh chemicals
which may cause side effects in the long run.

I use Organic soya sauce or atleast the one made from Non-GMO soya. If you are
looking for substitutes to soya sauce, then you may use Tamari, coconut aminos
or liquid aminos. I personally feel tamari to be more flavorful than soya
sauce.

## Fried rice recipe - variations

I have shown the basic version of making fried rice above, but you can try
these variations:

**To add paneer** , use ¾ cup diced paneer cubes. After stir frying the
veggies, add paneer to the wok and fry then on both the sides for a minute.
Then pour the soya sauce, vinegar and then add rice.

**For using tofu** , drain out the excess water from extra firm tofu and wrap
it in few kitchen tissues. Place a heavy weight such as a cast iron skillet
for 10 mins. Remove and pat the tofu dry with kitchen tissues. Cube and fry
them in the pan first with 1 tablespoon oil. Add them back to the pan before
pouring the sauce.

**To make egg fried rice** , slide the stir fried veggies to a side in your
wok and pour 2 beaten eggs. Scramble them and cook just until set & soft
cooked. Then add the sauce, vinegar and then rice. Double the soya sauce and
black pepper for this.

**For spicy fried rice** , add a tablespoon of schezwan sauce, chilli oil or
sambal olek. If using schezwan sauce, skip soya sauce from the recipe. To use
sambal olek, use it in combination with kecap manis.

**Spices:** Many years ago I once ate fried rice in Alleppey which was super
flavorful with ground star anise in it. Since then on occasions I add star
anise (whole or ground). If using star anise you can skip the soya sauce in
the recipe.

## Faqs

**What is the secret to Chinese fried rice?**

Cooled al dente cooked rice, High heat & Chinese wok are the secrets to the
best Chinese fried rice. Avoid overcooking rice to mushy texture instead cook
it al dente so it remains grainy. Use the highest heat on a large stove. Stir
fry in a very hot Chinese wok made of carbon steel or cast iron so it emits a
smoky aroma.

**What is the best oil for fried rice?**

Use any oil that has a high smoke point like peanut oil, sunflower oil,
safflower oil or avocado oil.

**How do you get the smoky flavor in fried rice?**

Heat a carbon steel wok on a large stove at a high heat. Toss the ingredients
in hot oil. As soon as they hit the hot wok, smoke begins to release from it.
This imparts a smoky flavor to the fried rice.

**Why is my fried rice sticky?**

To prevent your fried rice from becoming sticky always cook rice al dente,
cool it completely and then fry no more than 3 servings at one time in the
wok.

**Which rice to use for fried rice?**

Any long grain rice or medium grain rice is suitable to make fried rice. Long
& thin grains are less starchy while short and fat grains are starchier. So
avoid short grains. Any regular long grain rice, basmati rice or medium grain
rice like Jasmine rice are best.

**How to make your fried rice more flavorful?**

Adding little rice wine & toasted sesame oil to the finished fried rice
totally elevates the flavor.

#### What vegetables do you put in fried rice?

To make veg fried rice, you can use your favorite veggies like carrots, sweet
corn, baby corn, French beans, baby beans, bell pepper, spring onions, peas,
mushroom, zucchini and cabbage.

**Related Recipes**

### Hakka Noodles Rec...

### Chilli Paneer Rec...

### Veg Manchurian Re...

### Gobi Manchurian R...

### Spring Rolls Reci...

### Paneer Manchurian

## Recipe Card

Advertisement

## Veg Fried Rice Recipe

Fried rice recipe - Restaurant style easy Chinese vegetable fried rice is a
delicious meal in itself, loaded with fresh vegetables, packed with flavors
and comes together under 30 minutes

Pin Recipe Print Recipe

1x2x3x

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

For best results follow the step-by-step photos above the recipe card

Prep Time15 minutes

Cook Time15 minutes

Total Time30 minutes

Servings2

AuthorSwasthi

### Ingredients (US cup = 240ml )

  * ▢ 1 cup Rice (uncooked or 3 cups cooked like basmati, jasmine)
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Garlic chopped
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons oil (peanut, sunflower or avocado)
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Soya sauce (or tamari, adjust to taste)
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon Vinegar (rice vinegar or apple cider)
  * ▢ Salt as needed (I use ¼ teaspoon)
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon Black pepper coarsely crushed

#### Vegetables

  * ▢ ¼ to ½ cup Carrots chopped finely
  * ▢ ¼ cup Bell peppers (capsicum) chopped finely
  * ▢ ¼ cup French beans (4 to 5 green beans, chopped finely)
  * ▢ ¼ cup Green onions  (scallions/spring onions, 4 stalks, fine chopped)
  * ▢ ¼ cup Cabbage (optional, or ¾ cup mushrooms sliced )
  * ▢ 1 green chili slit (optional, for heat)

Advertisement

### Instructions

#### Preparation

  * ▢ 

Skip this section if you have precooked rice. Wash rice a few times till the
water runs clear.

  * ▢ 

Soak it for at least 10 mins. Meanwhile bring 4 to 5 cups water to a boil in a
large pot.

  * ▢ 

When the water begins to boil rapidly, drain the rice and add it to the water.
Pour 1 tsp oil to prevent the rice from turning sticky.

  * ▢ 

Cook rice till al dente. Rice must not be mushy but has to be grainy.

  * ▢ 

Drain off the rice to a colander. Cool it completely & fluff it up with a
fork.

  * ▢ 

While the rice cools, chop the veggies and garlic. Keep aside 2 tablespoons of
green onions for garnish.

#### How To Make Fried Rice

  * ▢ 

Heat a wok with oil on the highest flame and fry chopped garlic slightly just
for 30 to 40 seconds.

  * ▢ 

Next add all the chopped veggies and fry for 2 to 3 minutes just until half
cooked. They should be crunchy and not soft.

  * ▢ 

Add soya sauce. Then add the optional ingredients vinegar and half tsp sugar.
Sugar helps to preserve the bright colors of veggies and helps to balance the
flavors.

  * ▢ 

Immediately add cooled rice, ¼ teaspoon salt and black pepper. Fry the
vegetable fried rice for 2 mins.

  * ▢ 

Garnish veg fried rice with fresh green onions. Tastes good on its own but you
can also pair it with veg manchurian or chilli paneer.

Advertisement

### Notes

 **Choosing Ingredients**

  * Rice - use any non-sticky aged rice like long grain or medium grain. Ex: basmati or jasmine are best for this recipe.
  * Oil - Use oils that have a high smoke point like peanut oil, avocado oil, safflower oil or sunflower oil.
  * Soya sauce - Choose organic or at least naturally brewed soy sauce. For gluten free option use the same amount of Tamari.
  * Vegetables - you can also use veggies of your choice like mushrooms, peas, cabbage & broccoli. To use zucchini, chop to 1-by-1 inch pieces.
  * Vinegar is optional. Do not use white vinegar as it tastes too acidic. If you do not have rice vinegar just skip it or substitute it with apple vinegar & ½ teaspoon sugar.

**Cooking notes**

  * Cook rice al dente and not too soft or mushy. Drain and cool it immediately and smear 1 tablespoon oil all over the rice. Fluff it up with a fork.
  * Use a carbon steel or a cast iron wok. Stir fry everything on highest possible heat for a smoky aroma.
  * Do not add hot rice to the wok for stir frying. Cool the rice completely.

**For variations, double the soya sauce and black pepper.**

  * To use tofu - Drain the excess water from extra firm tofu and wrap it in few kitchen tissues. Place a heavy weight such as a cast iron skillet for 10 mins. Remove and pat the tofu dry with kitchen tissues. Cube and fry them in the pan first with 1 tablespoon oil. Add them back to the pan before pouring the sauce.
  * Paneer - Add up to ¾ cup cubed paneer to the pan after frying the vegetables. Stir fry for just 1 minute and then pour the sauce.
  * Make egg fried rice - slide the stir fried veggies to a side in the wok and pour 2 beaten eggs. Scramble them and cook just until set & soft cooked. Add soya sauce, vinegar and then rice.

Alternative quantities provided in the recipe card are for 1x only, original
recipe.

For best results follow my detailed step-by-step photo instructions and tips
above the recipe card.

### Video

### NUTRITION INFO (estimation only)

Nutrition Facts

Veg Fried Rice Recipe

Amount Per Serving (2 g)

**Calories** 336 Calories from Fat 90

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 10g **15%**

Saturated Fat 1g **6%**

 **Sodium** 400mg **17%**

 **Potassium** 186mg **5%**

 **Carbohydrates** 55g **18%**

Fiber 3g **13%**

Sugar 2g **2%**

 **Protein** 6g **12%**

**Vitamin A** 2317IU **46%**

 **Vitamin C** 24mg **29%**

 **Calcium** 35mg **4%**

 **Iron** 1mg **6%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Tried this recipe?Mention @SwasthisRecipes or tag #swasthisrecipes!

(C) Swasthi's Recipes

__WhatsApp

 __Share 17K

 __Pin 4K

 __Reddit 1

 __Tweet

 __Email

21K Shares

**FOR MORE RECIPES**

Please leave this field empty

Enter & Confirm eMail ID for Swasthi's Recipes Newsletter *

Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.

  

Fried rice recipe first published in January 2013, updated & republished in
December 2020.

Advertisement

## Post navigation

Previous Previous

Potato Curry Recipe (Aloo Curry)

NextContinue

Mushroom Masala Curry | Mushroom Gravy

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

326 Comments

__Inline Feedbacks

View all comments

Harini Vino

  
This looks so yummy..

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Harini Vino

Thanks Harini

Reply

Advertisement

James

  
Very good!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   James

Thank you James

Reply

Bijal James

I made it today and it came out extremely good. The only change i made was
made rice in a rice cooker. I used 1 cup rice and 1.5 cups water. Soaked rice
for 20 mins first.

Reply

Varsha Prasad

  
Very good Recipe! Husband loved it, better than restaurants 😊👍🏻🤩

Reply

Lea

  
Excellent recipe! My kids commented it was better than that from a Chinese
restaurant. Need to try more of your recipes. Thanks for sharing.

Reply

Elvira

  
Excellent recipe. The veg fried rice turned out as good as the restaurant
style. My husband also enjoyed it. Thanks

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Elvira

Thanks Elvira  
Glad to know it turned out good.

Reply

Abinandhan

  
Yummy veg fried rice. Would like to try this recipe. Beginner, trying indo
chinese recipe for the first time.you have used light soy sauce or dark soy
sauce in this recipe ? You have mentioned you used organic non gmo soy sauce,
may i know the brand of that soy sauce? And also pls mention brand name of
natural rice vinegar. Will be helpful. Thank you.

Reply

__

Abinandhan

__Reply to   Abinandhan

Hi Swathi mam,

Would like to try this recipe. I am eagerly waiting for replies for my couple
of queries which i posted above on August 4th. I could just view my message,
but not any reply. Look forward your reply. Thank you in advance.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Abinandhan

Hi Abinandhan,  
Use standard soya sauce or light soya sauce and not dark. It is best to use
the brands available to you locally. Try soya sauce and rice vinegar from
Kikkoman. Another brand is Dr.gram. Hope this helps

Reply

Advertisement

Srivani

Can I use green chilli vinegar

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Srivani

Yes you can use

Reply

Mrudula

  
Nice. Easy recipe

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Mrudula

Thank you

Reply

Ranjani

  
I just followed your step by step instructions and it turned out so yummy.
Tasted exactly like restaurant style veg fried rice. Thank you !!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Ranjani

Welcome Ranjani  
Glad to know you liked it

Reply

Sonia Chaudhary

  
Must try. Easy and mouth watering recipe

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Sonia Chaudhary

Thanks Sonia

Reply

Priya

  
Hi Swasthi! I have been trying your recipes and they have been our favorites.
Can you please share Indian version of egg fried rice too?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Priya

Hi Priya,  
Glad to know! Thank you! I have the egg fried rice recipe here. Hope this
helps.

Reply

Subhadra

  
It was awesome. I added egg after so it was egg fried rice. The rice grains
were perfect and all separate not sticky. I made indian fried rice. No spring
onions were available so i just added nprmal onions and garnished them with
sweet corns! They tasted AWESOMEEEEE. I want to use mushrooms and baby corns
next time. The veggies were crispy

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Subhadra

Glad to know it turned out well. Thanks for leaving a comment.

Reply

Advertisement

Saurabh

  
For any recipe I need I always come to your site only. Thanks for helping us
and we love them as well.  
Any thoughts on making an app for it please? It’s lot convenient snd other
recipe apps are scoring and getting more attention because of this limitation.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Saurabh

Hi Saurabh,  
Glad to know the recipes are useful.  
Regarding App - No plans yet and can you please share more on the limitations
you are talking about.

Thank you

Reply

sunil

  
awesome recipes. just give the ingredients in total in starting then divide it
for frying, seasoning, and marination and so on . in some recipes getting
confused whether for each step do I have to take the ingredients seperately as
mentioned in that step. please also mention the quantity while explaining the
procedure to prepare for each step .

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   sunil

Hi Sunil,  
Thank you! I have all the ingredients with the quantities listed in the recipe
card, right at the end of the post. Yes I will do it.

Reply

Deepak Dey

  
Step by step procedure along with images is really very helpful in making the
dish even for a learner.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Deepak Dey

Glad to know! Thank you

Reply

Arathy Menon

  
Simply awesome.. tried and tasted ?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Arathy Menon

Thank you  
🙂

Reply

Fernandes

  
I just love your recipes…simple n easy to cook…tried a lot of your recipes…all
came out too good…Thank you

Reply

Sunil

  
This was the best recipe for Indian fried rice. You perfectly outlined the
difference between Indian and Chinese fried rice and it came out very well
thanks to you. Please keep creating authentic recipes and you are making
tremendous difference in the recipe taste. Thank you

Reply

Advertisement

Sunita

  
You recipe is excellent.

Reply

Suhasini

  
Hi Swasthi  
Thankyou for the wonderful veg fried rice recipe. It turned out perfect
restaurant style thanks to you. You understand food so well hence your able to
write down so meticulously all your recipes. I have tried so many of your
recipes. You are my go to person for cooking anything. Please keep coming out
with more. Thanks a lot. Appreciate your time and efforts that you put in.  
Thanks to you that am learning how to cook and try different recipes in this
lockdown.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Suhasini

Hello Suhasini  
You are welcome. Glad to know it turned out good.  
Thank you so much for the note. Happy to hear the recipes are helping.  
🙂

Reply

Load Rest of Comments

Advertisement

Advertisement

(C) 2022 Swasthi's Recipes

Insert

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Popular RecipesExpand child menuExpand

    * Matar Paneer
    * Butter Chicken
    * Chana Masala
    * Dal Makhani
    * Gobi Manchurian
    * Chicken Tikka Masala
  * SocialExpand child menuExpand

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Twitter
    * Pinterest
    * Youtube

Toggle Menu Close

Search for:

Search

