https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/21151/stir-fried-sesame-vegetables-with-rice/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. World Cuisine
  4. Asian
  5. Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

# Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.4

171 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 103 
  * 4 star values: 52 
  * 3 star values: 13 
  * 2 star values: 1 
  * 1 star values: 2 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 171 Ratings 
  * 115 Reviews 
  * 14 Photos 

In this dish, the peanut oil is preferable to the vegetable oil, as the flavor
of the peanut oil adds a really nice nutty flavor.

Recipe by dakota kelly

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

Add Photo

Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice AllrecipesPhoto

Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice Gayle Zdanowicz

Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice Danica Cristina Quineri

Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice Kimberly Finarelli

\+ 10 10 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

10 mins

cook:

25 mins

total:

35 mins

Servings:

4

Yield:

4 servings

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

4

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 4 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1 ½ cups vegetable broth 
  * ¾ cup uncooked long-grain white rice 
  * 1 tablespoon margarine 
  * 1 tablespoon sesame seeds 
  * 2 tablespoons peanut oil 
  * ½ pound fresh asparagus, trimmed and cut into 1 inch pieces 
  * 1 large red bell pepper, cut into 1 inch pieces 
  * 1 large yellow onion, sliced 
  * 2 cups sliced mushrooms 
  * 2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger root 
  * 1 teaspoon minced garlic 
  * 3 tablespoons soy sauce 
  * 1 tablespoon sesame oil 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). In a saucepan combine broth,
rice and margarine. Cover and bring to a boil over high heat. Reduce heat to
low and simmer for 15 minutes, or until all liquid is absorbed.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Place sesame seeds on a small baking sheet and bake in preheated oven for 5 to
6 minutes, or until golden brown; set aside. Meanwhile, heat peanut oil in a
large skillet or wok over medium-high heat until very hot. Add asparagus, bell
pepper, onion, mushrooms, ginger and garlic and stir-fry for 4 to 5 minutes,
or until vegetables are tender but crisp. Stir in soy-sauce and cook for 30
seconds. Remove from heat and stir in sesame oil and toasted sesame seeds.
Serve over rice.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

325 calories; protein 7.1g; carbohydrates 42.5g; fat 14.8g; sodium 891.8mg.
Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (115)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Amy Bandstra

Rating: 5 stars

11/28/2005

Loved, loved, loved this stir fry. I added a combination of fresh and frozen
veggies I had on hand (broccoli, bean sprouts, snap peas, baby carrots), and a
little bit of sugar and terriyaki to the soy sauce. I mixed the soy sauce and
terriyaki sauce together in a jar (along with the bit of sugar I added), and
then added as much as I thought the dish needed, with a little bit left over
for next time.... The flavor was awesome, and it was very filling. I will
definitely make this again!!

Read More

Helpful (90)

### Most helpful critical review

Amelia

Rating: 3 stars

12/03/2008

The flavor was good, but it was so oily that neither I nor my room mate could
eat much. My sister loved it, though.

Read More

Helpful (10)

171 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 103 
  * 4 star values: 52 
  * 3 star values: 13 
  * 2 star values: 1 
  * 1 star values: 2 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Amy Bandstra

Rating: 5 stars

11/28/2005

Loved, loved, loved this stir fry. I added a combination of fresh and frozen
veggies I had on hand (broccoli, bean sprouts, snap peas, baby carrots), and a
little bit of sugar and terriyaki to the soy sauce. I mixed the soy sauce and
terriyaki sauce together in a jar (along with the bit of sugar I added), and
then added as much as I thought the dish needed, with a little bit left over
for next time.... The flavor was awesome, and it was very filling. I will
definitely make this again!!

VIVNIDHI

Rating: 5 stars

05/26/2007

very tasty! chopped vegetables seem like quite a lot but gets all eaten up!! I
substiuteted sugar snap peas for asparagus as I am not a fan of asparagus. In
fact, I made everything in one skillet. Cooked rice, set aside. toasted sesame
seeds after quickly cleaning the skillet, set aside and finally stir fried the
veggies. Thanks for the recipe.

MELKAT

Rating: 5 stars

03/01/2007

My kids even liked it. I like to use short cuts during the week so I bought
pre packaged stir fry vegetables in the veggie section. I also use a rice
cooker. You can use chicken broth in it instead of water and it's easy without
having to watch over it. You can use just about any veg combo and it will be
great. Good recipe.

naples34102

Rating: 5 stars

11/20/2012

This should get the most die-hard vegetable haters to eat their vegetables and
love ‘em. I cooked the rice in butter, not margarine, and made the sesame seed
thing easy on myself by using the already toasted variety. I deliberately
omitted the ginger root, as I detest it as some folks do cilantro - purely a
subjective thing. I made no changes to the vegetables called for, although so
many would be equally as suitable. I finished it with a dab of butter and a
squeeze of fresh lemon juice. I enjoyed this immensely.

bunnyplum

Rating: 5 stars

09/26/2010

Asparagus is expensive at $4.99/lb so I substituted Eating Right's pre-
packaged Broccoli Stir Fry (with includes carrots, snap peas, and broccoli
florets). This is my second attempt to cook a stir fry dish. The first recipe
I tried was Robin Miller's (from Food Network's quick and easy meals). It was
decent, nothing spectacular. But wow, this dish is richer and more flavorful,
thanks to awesome combination of sesame oil and sesame seeds (adds a a nice
texture and leaves a nutty lingering taste). I made a few modifications
gleaned from other recipes I researched: I added about 1.3lb of boneless,
skinless chicken breasts. I cut into 1 1/2 inch strips, placed it in a zip
lock bag, and tossed with 2 tbsp. of cornstarch (. In a separate bowl, I mixed
soy sauce, garlic power and ground ginger and marinated the chicken overnight
(30 minutes would do). I then cooked the chicken with the ginger and garlic. I
also added veggies in 1-min intervals -- mixing in-between servings to
saturate the veggies with flavor and to ensure that is it perfectly cooked.
After adding a generous amount of soy sauce and before mixing in the sesame
oil and toasted sesame seeds, I also dissolved 1 cup of chicken broth with 2
tbsp of cornstarch and let it simmer for 2 minutes to thicken the sauce. My
husband's reaction after his first bite? "WOW!!!!" I savored this rare moment.
He usually waits for me to ask, then gives a generic answer ("Everything you
cook is delicious!"). This recipe is awesome!

Paula Stotts

Rating: 4 stars

04/20/2004

This was great. I added sliced carrots, a canned mixture of bamboo
shoots/water chestnuts/baby corn, and 2 boneless skinless chicken breasts to
the veggie mixture. I also reduced the ginger by a teaspoon (didn't want it
too sweet). I will definitely make this again. Thanks for the great recipe,
Verona!!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

05/30/2005

Yum! I used canola oil instead of the peanut oil and it was still delicious.

ebanne

Rating: 5 stars

07/05/2007

Delicious, Nutritious and very filling!

Amelia

Rating: 3 stars

12/03/2008

The flavor was good, but it was so oily that neither I nor my room mate could
eat much. My sister loved it, though.

JJO

Rating: 5 stars

01/11/2009

A versatile recipe to which you can use fresh, frozen or canned stir-fry
veggies.

foodelicious

Rating: 4 stars

10/17/2006

I really like the balance of flavors. I might add a little more fresh ginger,
but that's just me.

LCALDER2

Rating: 5 stars

11/19/2003

This recipe is great as is. I also tried this recipe by adding hoisin sauce
which I thought made it even better.

nela1322

Rating: 4 stars

01/13/2011

I made this with a few changes and loved it. I used vegetable oil and sesame
oil instead of peanut oil. I didn't have any. I used cabbage, mushrooms,
onion, green and yellow pepper, carrots and zucchini. I added crushed red
pepper and it was delicious.

diamonds_n_dynamite

Rating: 5 stars

04/22/2013

Delicious. I used a bit less oil as others suggested and toasted the sesame
seeds in the wok and removed them before starting the stir fry.. I think the
key is to make sure that the oil is really hot so within a minute of adding
the veggies your wok is steaming. Just be careful when you add the garlic
because if you add it to the oil first it will explode -- spitting out at you.

tif0515

Rating: 5 stars

03/14/2011

Yes! I love this recipe! There are so many flavors that melt in my mouth all
together...mmmm so good! I don' know if Hubby or kiddies will like it but that
doesn't matter - I could eat the whole thing by myself and they can have
peanut butter sandwhiches!

Lydia Herrick

Rating: 5 stars

10/24/2014

Tried this method with a couple alterations. I used jasmine rice, cooked with
just water, and 1 t of butter. Used (untoasted) sesame oil rather than peanut
oil because I am out of peanut (I imagine peanut is more authentic, but the
sesame worked fine-it also is capable of withstanding high temps). Try
toasting the sesame seeds in a small iron skillet over med heat until fragrant
and just barely beginning to turn amber, then remove from the heat before they
get any ideas about burning. Threw some lemongrass in with the ginger (I buy
these convenient tubes of minced lemongrass, ginger, basil, etc. at the store.
They keep pretty well and save a good deal of time-also I live in a town which
apparently thinks fresh lemongrass is something you spray with Round-Up) and
about two tablespoons of Thai green chili paste in the wok just before
everything else. You might try 1/2 soy and 1/2 fish sauce (nam pla) and you
might want to try pouring in half a can of coconut milk, unsweetened, and let
it all simmer a minute or two, then add some chopped cilantro...Thai style...
but I didn't want to stray too far from the recipe's character. Just wanted
some different flavors to go with the fish I was making. I squeezed a lime
over everything when I added the dark sesame oil (of which I used only about 1
1/2 teaspoons-it's kind of expensive and a little goes a long way). This
recipe is probably fine the way it is written, but I thought my tweaks might
inspire somebody else to be creative, too.

karen867

Rating: 5 stars

08/05/2014

Great sauce! I added chicken breast chunks, fresh green beans, and fresh
cherry tomatoes and cooked a few more minutes than called for as I prefer my
stir fry veggies cooked fairly thoroughly. I used brown 'minute' rice. My
boyfriend said this was probably the best stir fry he's ever had. This is a
keeper and next time I will try broccoli as well.

Schipperke Trainer

Rating: 5 stars

08/12/2014

This will be a regular meal addition in our house. I used chicken stock, snap
peas, and brown rice. Delicious flavor combination that is very simple to
create, thank you for the great base.

mcrenshaw66

Rating: 5 stars

02/10/2014

I improvised a touch on the original recipe. No peppers on hand, so just used
Red onion, mushroom, broccoli, carrots, asparagus, fresh ginger, garlic
cloves,toasted sesame seeds, no regular sesame oil or peanut oil, so used
chili sesame oil instead, and soy sauce. I also had no vegetable broth, so
used chicken broth in the rice and butter not margarine. We contribute to a
veggie and fruit co-op called Bountiful Baskets and for a very small price we
get a ton of stuff weekly or bi-weekly! We had Asparagus in our last
contribution.

macks

Rating: 1 stars

03/17/2011

I'm not a picky eater and I love vegetables but this was seriously
disappointing. I'm not sure if I just haven't mastered stir frying or
something but it was oily and flavorless.

may

Rating: 4 stars

03/18/2013

Made this with Perfect Sesame Chicken. Made it as described. And it turned out
well.

*Sherri* 

Rating: 5 stars

06/08/2015

This was very good, I used broccoli in lieu of asparagus, very easy and tasty.

Haruko

Rating: 5 stars

12/31/2011

This was delicious! I used whatever veggies were on sale (cabbage, bean
sprouts, carrots, etc.) and added rice noodles directly to the stir fry rather
than serving it over rice. The sesame oil makes all the difference.

Helena Lumsden

Rating: 5 stars

03/01/2014

This tasted a lot more authentic than other Chinese dishes I have tried. Made
it twice in a week, ate leftovers for lunch. Excellent recipe.

Celeste

Rating: 5 stars

02/24/2015

This recipe was superb! The only thing I did differently was I used brown long
grain rice instead of white. To make this a complete meal and for protein, I
also added sauteed chicken breast cut up into bite sized pieces. Easy and
quick preparation and the flavor was outstanding! This recipe will definitely
be added to our dinner rotation!

Food hag

Rating: 5 stars

09/09/2013

This was amazing. I used baby corn cobs water chestnuts onion mushrooms
zucchini carrots and brocolli. And you can also throw in some cashews. You
will never miss the meat. A tasty and fulfilling dinner

alaine

Rating: 5 stars

08/04/2014

It was wonderful.

THUESEN

Rating: 4 stars

01/10/2004

I was quite pleased with this recipe....I used snow peas, green peppers,
carrots, and mushrooms, and that was a really good mix. I really liked the
peanut and sesame oil flavors together. I will definitely make this again.

KLEE02

Rating: 4 stars

09/26/2009

I loved this. Very tastey. I think I'll go a little lighter on the oil next
time, not sure it needed as much as the recipe called for. Followed exactly.

Jessica

Rating: 4 stars

12/30/2010

Good flavor; it tastes pretty close to authentic. We will make this again.

Schneider-Sears Melissa

Rating: 5 stars

07/19/2012

Finally I can eat cooked veggies and rice with flavor!

Amy Buckley Grant

Rating: 5 stars

06/26/2013

Delicious! I used green peppers, broccoli, carrots, onion, canned mushrooms,
and celery, just because that is what I had on hand. I also substituted ground
ginger since I didn't have any fresh, and used corn oil since I had no peanut
oil. I love the double sesame finish! I used toasted sesame seeds so that
eliminated the need to bake them myself. Served over rice alongside 'Baked
Teriyaki Chicken', also from this site and with an Asian salad with 'Japanese
Ginger Salad Dressing', also from this site. What a fantastic meal! Thanks for
sharing!

tastebud

Rating: 4 stars

11/17/2008

My husband LOVED it but I thought it was a little too spicy for my taste.

Jackie

Rating: 5 stars

04/14/2015

Wonderful and so easy to make. I used a little more sesame oil and I toasted
my sesame seeds on the stove top in a frying pan fir a couple of minutes. No
oil needed.

rsogburn

Rating: 4 stars

04/06/2009

Substituted a number of ingredients due to availability - still works.

VORCHA

Rating: 5 stars

04/04/2006

I lightly toasted the seasame seeds before adding them to the stirfry by
toasting them in a same skillet on low heat until golden brown. It releases
their fragrant flavor. Added snow pea pods, brocoli and tofu to make a
complete meal out of this. Even my tofu-hating girlfriends loved this.

Lobstar

Rating: 5 stars

08/01/2013

I thought this was fantastic. Tasted just like you would get in a restaurant.
I added a bit of teriyaki sauce I had on hand to the soy sauce, but other than
that I kept everything the same. Well, that's not true. I spent $6 on a jar of
toasted sesame seeds just for this and in the thrill of having it made I
forgot to sprinkle some on the top. Will definitely do it next time though. It
can only improve the flavor I would imagine. The really great thing about this
dish is you can use any spare vegetables on hand and I'm sure it'll taste
great. Next time I'll add some broccoli and carrots as others have mentioned.
It seems like it's a very versatile recipe.

belle4397

Rating: 5 stars

07/30/2013

I wasn't expecting much because this recipe seemed kind of boring, but wow,
was it good! Based on other reviews, I used about half as much sesame oil at
the end after it was finished cooking, but otherwise I followed the recipe
pretty closely. I will definitely make this recipe again!

LA Ranger

Rating: 4 stars

10/18/2013

Pretty good side dish with many possible variations!

Brenda V

Rating: 5 stars

10/23/2014

This was very good and will make it again. I made a couple of substitutes only
because I didn't have peanut or sesame oil. Would use other veggies next time
just for a bit of variety. Overall, a great recipe

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

08/24/2003

Great dinner.

kathy

Rating: 4 stars

02/19/2014

Delicious! I used broccoli, snow peas and red pepper. Just added soy sauce to
taste and drizzled a teensy bit of sesame oil at the end (I think sesame oil
can be overpowering.) i didn't serve it over rice b/c we were having pork
fried rice. But could easily add shrimp or chicken and serve over rice for a
complete meal. Very good! Husband loved it!!

Michelle2828

Rating: 5 stars

04/24/2009

This was AMAZING!! I used snow peas instead of asparagus, and forgot to add
the sesame seeds. It was soooo yummy!! I will make this again!

luvacook

Rating: 5 stars

09/15/2011

I did not have asparagus so used frozen green beans and we liked it pretty
well. also substituted slivered almond since I could not find my sesame seeds.
( may have used up) and rice bran oil since i di not have the sesame oil.
Hopefully make again when I actually have these 3 items. Worked well other way
also.

DivaMommy

Rating: 3 stars

05/29/2010

Just okay...nothing spectacular. Needs more spice!

LInlander

Rating: 4 stars

05/11/2002

Would also be great with chicken!

ashort84

Rating: 5 stars

12/22/2010

Combined this recipe with : Asian Beef and Vegetable Stir-Fry, another recipe
on this site. My man wanted meat, so I added it for him. What a delicious
combo! Great veggies, sauce and yummy!

tjbrew

Rating: 4 stars

07/03/2011

I love this recipe. I would make a little more rice. I didn't think the ratio
of rice to mixture was even. I will fix this over and over again. And more
importantly to me, it was EASY EASY EASY and FAST!

Ron

Rating: 5 stars

04/07/2009

My girlfriend gave this dish a "7*" AND I had forgotten to buy the sesame
seeds to boot! Only other thing I changed was to use teriyaki sauce instead of
soya. Never had asperagus in a stir-fry - normally not crazy about asperagus,
but in this dish, it was very tasty. Can use this recipe with other veggies as
well as marinated beef, pork, chicken.

FingerLickinGood

Rating: 5 stars

08/15/2009

I'm always changing things up and using what I have on hand. Ground ginger
instead of fresh, used chicken, brown rice instead of white, etc. It still
came out deeeelish! I'll make again for sure. Probably with shrimp, mmm.

Stephen Hammett

Rating: 5 stars

02/29/2016

With the large crew of people to feed that compose our family (there are 8 of
us) I have to nearly double or triple all recipes. That said this was
absolutely delicious, with several minor alternations, which was little more
then adding Snow Peas, Scallions, and Zucchini to add more variety in the
vegetables. The other thing that might be suggested is to use a bit of
Arrowroot/Cornstarch to thicken the sauce a bit if that is your preference.

Sofia Navarro

Rating: 4 stars

05/24/2015

very easy to make

Angela K Lightfoot

Rating: 5 stars

04/24/2012

OMG!!! Soooo good....out of this world!!! Didn't do rice or sesame seeds.
Started with heating oil...used olive and sesame...in pan. Put 3
squash...could have used 1 or 2 more...half an onion....baby carrots...peppers
from moms garden....new potatoes, about 6.....sprinkled with tony's then
followed recipe. Cooked uncovered on stove top about 20 minutes. Please make
again angela!!! Ate with fresh speckled butter beans. YUMMY!!!

shargranny

Rating: 5 stars

04/01/2012

I loved this dish. My husband is a very picky eater and he had no complaints.
To make it a bit more healthy than it already is I used brown rice and
substituted coconut oil for the peanut oil. I didn't add the soy sauce because
it's salty and overrides the taste of the veggies.

Kahori526

Rating: 5 stars

06/11/2008

I made some changes on ingredients, since I wanted to use up vegetables I had
in my fridge. I used a bunch of broccoli instead of asparagus and a few small
green peppers instead of a large red pepper, then added half of a red onion. I
omitted peanut oil and mushrooms because I didn't have in hands. I served
vegetables over rice and it tasted great.

OODLES_OR

Rating: 5 stars

07/11/2013

For soooo few ingredients this "sauce" was thee best! Used all sorts of
veggies that needed to be used up and a bag of broccoli slaw...Delicious. DH
on south beach diet so no rice but did serve it up with some really thin
sliced filet mignon. Sort of like beef/broccoli from our favorite Chinese
restaurant. Thanks for the inspiration for yet another great meal. 7/11/13

ChilledCoyote

Rating: 4 stars

09/22/2012

Very simple and delicious. I had snow peas instead of asparagus, and I added
some heritage carrots we had around the house. I also probably doubled the
garlic and ginger, but we love those flavors. Using broth for the rice makes
it very moist, and this recipe calls for a smaller amount of rice than I would
usually make for a family-sized recipe, but I think it encouraged everyone to
eat more veggies, so that was a good outcome too. Overall, this is a good
basic guide to a healthy stir fry that focuses on the veggies instead of on a
thick sauce.

DORETHA

Rating: 5 stars

02/23/2012

One of the best things that I had in a while! Make sure to use the ingredients
from FindGreatRecipes.Net tho. Those ones are more accurate.

Christopher Ball

Rating: 5 stars

02/18/2013

Excellent recipe, and easy to make, too. I added more garlic than called for
and made a double batch. I also added the onions first and let them cook down
a bit before adding the peppers, asparagus, garlic, and ginger. I added the
mushrooms toward the end of cooking, and the soy sauce soon after. The
resultant dish has a wonderful flavor.

ramblagir

Rating: 5 stars

12/04/2010

I prepared this with the broiled tilapia parmesan recipe and I must say, it
turned out really well!

Maria

Rating: 4 stars

10/16/2009

Very good with nutty flavor. It could be modified by using only 1.5 T peanut
oil and be OK. It definitely warrants fresh vegetables. Did not modify recipe
at all.

wendy

Rating: 4 stars

02/22/2011

This was very good. I added a little lean pork for the meat eaters in my
family. Yum!

Dana Pierro

Rating: 5 stars

04/14/2009

EXCELLENT! I used coconut oil instead for a little extra health benefit. I
also used crushed (jarred) ginger, as I didn't have the root available. It
turned out very tasty. This will become a staple in our house! My little ones
loved it too! You must try this easy dish.

RMSR

Rating: 3 stars

10/12/2010

This was just okay... Nothing overly Asian or flavourful about it. I made the
rice as I usually do in a rice cooker which is just water and rice. I used a
bag of frozen, sliced stir-fry oriental vegetables and two peppers (one each
of red and green). I used jarred, minced ginger and peanut oil instead of
sesame. The sesame seeds are a nice touch for visual appeal but don't add much
to the dish. I found it to be somewhat bland and oily. Hubby-to-be liked it;
served it with chicken teriyaki.

nasdgirl

Rating: 5 stars

08/12/2009

I add chicken to the recipe for a complete meal. My family and I love the
flavor and add our own touches of additional ginger root, broccoli, water
chesnuts, bamboo shoots, and serve it over rice spaghetti. Great way to have
the kids eat their veggie with no complaining.

Dmnvergil

Rating: 5 stars

10/15/2014

Made this for my girlfriend and I and we both enjoyed it so much! Took the
teriyaki idea from Amy's comment below, but also subbed out the asparagus for
broccoli, carrots, snap peas and added an orange bell pepper as well. I forgot
the mushrooms, though. Had some left over from the other night, just forgot to
pull them out. =(

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 1 stars

08/27/2004

I made this recipe last night and will not make it again. It was very bland
and tasteless.

SequoiaSkye

Rating: 4 stars

06/05/2007

Very good. I used the broth as a sause to coat the veggies and thickened it
with arrowroot. It was a little too heavy on the ginger, but I can fix that
next time. I also added breaded garlic tofu that added a nice variety to the
stir fry. Yum!

LITTLELEO

Rating: 5 stars

03/10/2004

I put in toasted almonds instead of the sesame seeds. Very good!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

02/22/2012

I love that this recipe includes asparagus - something I rarely think to
purchase at the store, but love to eat. I added a vegetable flavorboost packet
along with the soy sauce and honestly forgot about the ginger until we had
already eaten. Next time I'll remember the ginger, and add black pepper/red
pepper flakes for some heat.

Ashley

Rating: 5 stars

04/29/2016

very tasty and easy!

Italia

Rating: 4 stars

01/18/2017

-Add another 1/2 Bell Pepper (of another color if you'd like) -Substitute Soy Sauce Portion with Soyaki Sauce from Trader Joes (and still add 1 tablespoon of Soy Sauce) -Slightly Salt -Cook maybe 2 minutes less than indicated in total cook time

Chiapas

Rating: 3 stars

07/25/2018

This recipe is good, but I felt that it needed some spice or sauce to go with
it. I added Jalapeño and fresh lime at the end. Will make again for our
meatless Tuesdays, and add more veggies.

Jim3611

Rating: 5 stars

06/17/2015

Very good, used coconut oil instead of peanut and it worked well. Could add
other things like snap peas or chicken to this dish.

Hapygrl

Rating: 5 stars

06/17/2015

I used a tablespoon of peanut butter in place of the peanut oil and broccoli
instead of asparagus, just because it was what I had. I loved the flavors! The
minced ginger can be very strong so mince as tiny as possible to avoid a
larger piece in one bite. Also, the addition of sliced carrots and snow peas
is a nice touch to try.

CHEFBROOKS

Rating: 5 stars

05/28/2004

Very good. Made no changes to recipe.

Ptcook

Rating: 5 stars

09/06/2018

This was so no good. Always looking for imaginative veggie recipes. Thanks

sirnatanielson

Rating: 5 stars

03/18/2017

Very simple recipe to prep, and even less effort to cook up quickly! Made this
up for my lady and I on a busy and late evening and it was fantastic. Very
easy to just use vegetables you have on hand (I used red bell pepper, red
onion, carrots, and parsnips). Better yet, it has a fantastic flavor, with no
need to add seasonings! Oh, and the rice made with vegetable broth was a nice
new take for me. Overall, fast, easy, and tasty. Good combo for a meal.

Lisa Curran

Rating: 5 stars

01/16/2017

This is very tasty and very filling. I loved it

Ann

Rating: 5 stars

04/08/2022

Tasty Good way to use your fresh ginger.

Joyce

Rating: 5 stars

06/30/2015

I made this recipe for my daughter who loves vegetables. She said "mom, this
is awesome!" The only thing I added was a bit of Teriyiki as mentioned in one
of the comments. I also added zucchini.The flavor was excellent. By the way,
the rice is delicious too. I will be making this recipe again.

Erika H

Rating: 5 stars

08/15/2015

I tried this tonight. Best stir fry rice I have ever made. I did not change
anything. My family ate it all. Will definitely make again.

renee`

Rating: 5 stars

08/27/2020

Fantastic. Use all different types of vegetables with this recipe. Shrimp was
a nice addition.

Whole Chef

Rating: 4 stars

06/19/2015

Excellent with any mix of veggies.

Danica Cristina Quineri

Rating: 5 stars

03/16/2017

I made this! Really loved stir fry vegetables. I sauteed garlic and onion and
mushrooms on the peanut oil first, and the vegetables. I added zucchini too!
Yum!

Mary

Rating: 5 stars

02/16/2013

Pretty tasty! Hubby and I had to add Tapatio and additional soy sauce, so next
time, I'll probably throw in red pepper flakes. Will also add cashews so
there's a bit more protein.

Dkopack526

Rating: 5 stars

11/03/2017

I made this tonight for dinner and it was the best meal we have had in a long
time! There was nothing left!! I made it exactly as the recipe calls for with
the exception of using grapeseed oil rather then peanut oil.

Kate O'Neill

Rating: 4 stars

09/20/2016

Easy, but a touch greasy in the end. I would probably use slightly less peanut
oil and double-check to ensure I'm using low-sodium veggie broth. Still, I
like that the recipe gives a solid base for a stir fry. I tossed in a few
vegetables not in the recipe based on perishables I wanted out of my fridge.
Would make again.

Ronnie

Rating: 4 stars

11/01/2015

I made this without the margarine and vegetable broth. I added bean sprouts,
firm tofu and white ground pepper. Delicious!

Brenda

Rating: 5 stars

04/22/2016

Really great recipe just as written. Easy to add other ingredients as well!

nolteteam

Rating: 4 stars

07/25/2015

Good, but a little bland, so we added about four teaspoons of brown sugar to
sweeten it up at bit. Will make again!

gabiv

Rating: 3 stars

06/15/2015

I followed the receipe exactly and it was just ok sorry to say. After all that
chopping! It was lacking in flavor that final wow factor. My family thought it
was good but I think they were just being nice. I don't think I will use this
receipe again.

Smacaski

Rating: 5 stars

03/14/2016

This recipes is simple - doesn't seem like a lot of ingredients but had a
delicious flavour. I followed it pretty closely but used olive oil instead of
peanut oil.

Anne

Rating: 5 stars

03/19/2017

Scrumptious! I added chicken for protein.

bellepepper

Rating: 4 stars

06/27/2015

I made this as written, but I added chicken to complete the meal. I used a mix
of colored peppers and a red onion that I needed to use up. This was good, but
next time I think I’d add a touch of sweetness and a little heat.

Raschelle

Rating: 5 stars

06/17/2015

Delicious & satisfying! I made it exactly as instructed & did not change any
of the ingredients. This will be part of my dinner rotation from now on.

Carole

Rating: 5 stars

06/16/2015

I used frozen Stir Fried Vegetable with Asparagus. I used half of the amount
of vegetables called for in this recipe and sauteed the onions ,mushrooms and
red pepper and then added the Stir Fried Vegetables. My husband who does not
like vegetables really enjoyed this!

Jodi

Rating: 4 stars

06/18/2015

Made this last night. Family loved it. I added chicken and kicked it up a
notch w/ red pepper flakes and chili garlic sauce. I also had sliced carrots.
I'll make this one again.

Debbie Bronze Harkness

Rating: 5 stars

10/28/2017

My family and "people" love it!! I am a care giver for an elderly couple. Mr.
has a very difficult time with swallowing the rice, so I substituted with
Quinoa. I also added a cut up chicken breast to add some lean protein.

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

##  All Reviews for Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

Servings Per Recipe: 4  
Calories: 325.4  

% Daily Value *

protein:  7.1g  14 %

carbohydrates:  42.5g  14 %

dietary fiber:  4g  16 %

sugars:  5.9g

fat:  14.8g  23 %

saturated fat:  2.4g  12 %

vitamin a iu:  3109.9IU  62 %

niacin equivalents:  5.5mg  42 %

vitamin b6:  0.3mg  22 %

vitamin c:  73.5mg  123 %

folate:  158.8mcg  40 %

calcium:  69mg  7 %

iron:  3.1mg  17 %

magnesium:  44.4mg  16 %

potassium:  443.5mg  12 %

sodium:  891.8mg  36 %

thiamin:  0.3mg  26 %

calories from fat:  133.1

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 115

Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

1 of 14 Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

AllrecipesPhoto

Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

2 of 14 Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

Gayle Zdanowicz

Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

3 of 14 Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

Danica Cristina Quineri

Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

4 of 14 Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

Kimberly Finarelli

Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

5 of 14 Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

Samuel Andrew

Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

6 of 14 Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

Megan Awong

Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

7 of 14 Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

Christopher Kiker-Beury

Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

8 of 14 Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

*Sherri* 

Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

9 of 14 Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

Anthony Sanchez

Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

10 of 14 Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

Tnmesser

Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

11 of 14 Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

Dmnvergil

Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

12 of 14 Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

Andrew Oliver

Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

13 of 14 Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

Tina L Jones

Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

14 of 14 Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

mcrenshaw66

Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

15 of 14 Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

julie000

Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

16 of 14 Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

naples34102

Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

17 of 14 Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

Trusted Brands

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Stir Fried Sesame Vegetables with Rice

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

