https://barefeetinthekitchen.com/simple-asian-rice/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

 **Barefeet** in the Kitchen

MenuClose

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * View All
    * Main Dishes
    * Side Dishes
    * Desserts
    * Appetizers & Snacks
    * Breakfast
    * Breads
    * Condiments
    * Drinks
    * Kitchen Tips
  * Cookbooks
  * Life
    * Charity
    * Family
    * Musings
    * The Little Things
    * Travel
  * About
    * About Me
    * Contact Me
    * Work With Me
    * FAQs
  * Log in to Your Account
  * Create Account & Save Recipes
  * Disclosures & Privacy

  *   *   *   * 

(C)2022BAREFEETINTHEKITCHEN.COM. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

Search for

Home » Recipes » Side Dishes

# Simple Asian Rice

April 29, 202042 Comments 4.8

This post may contain affiliate links. Please read my disclosure policy.

PinFacebookTweetYummlyEmail

Jump to Recipe

Easy to make and versatile, this rice recipe is one you'll never get tired of;
it makes the perfect accompaniment to any Asian inspired meal.

With just a few minutes of extra effort, you can transform your favorite Asian
dishes into a complete meal. Enjoy Asian rice with Asian Steak Bites or Honey
Soy Chicken for a meal that's better than take-out.

Salty and savory, this rice is a perfect pairing for Sticky Asian Chicken or
any of these stir fry recipes. I served this rice with the Chinese Vegetable
Stir Fry last week - you know, the vegetable one that is also loaded with
chicken and bacon.

With or without the optional peas, this bowl of rice was declared two thumbs
up by all of my boys. My youngest emptied his bowl twice and still asked for
more.

### Asian Rice Recipe

I discovered this way of making rice when I was looking for something a little
more flavorful than a plain bowl of white rice to serve with dinner. We eat
quite a bit of Asian food around here, so rice is a staple.

Of course, I love rice with lots of things in it, like this Shrimp and
Vegetable Fried Rice and this Mushroom and Pepper Rice Pilaf. But sometimes
you need a side dish that's going to be tasty enough to stand on its own
without taking all the attention away from the main dish.

Simple Asian Rice is cooked in chicken stock to impart every grain with savory
flavor. After cooking, you season the rice with soy sauce, sesame oil. Thinly
sliced green onions are sprinkled on top to finish this side dish.

### How to Make Asian Rice

To make Asian rice, bring jasmine rice and chicken stock to a boil in a large
sauce pan or skillet. Cover and simmer for about 18 minutes or until the
liquid has been absorbed.

Drizzle soy sauce and sesame oil over the rice, then toss to coat. If you
don't have sesame oil, peanut oil or other vegetable oils will do. However,
the sesame oil really does add the best flavor in my opinion.

The first time I made this, I also added frozen peas after the soy sauce and
let the heat of the rice cook them through for a couple of minutes.

We all really enjoyed the flavor and color the peas added but they are
completely optional. Feel free to leave them out if your family doesn't love
peas!

Serve the rice topped with sliced green onions.

Love Asian rice? Try this Thai Coconut Mango Rice, Pineapple Rice with
Cilantro and Lime and this Fried Rice with Ham and Vegetables next! This
Cauliflower Asian Rice looks like a great spin on this idea, whether you need
a low-carb side or just love cauliflower.

### Rice Recipes

Looking for the perfect rice to serve with a Mexican meal? We love Chipotle
Lime Rice and Spanish Rice with our tacos, burritos, and enchiladas.

Cauliflower Fried Rice offers a grain-free alternative to rice that's
delicious in its own right. Italian Herb Rice goes well with just about any
entree and Turmeric Butter Rice is heavenly with Indian Chicken Bites.

I love the freshness cilantro adds to rice, so I'm looking forward to giving
Foodie With Family's Scallion Cilantro Rice a try too.

Get New Recipessent to your inbox!

We never share your information with third parties and will protect it in
accordance with our Privacy Policy.

## Simple Asian Rice

4.83 from 17 votes

Make this simple Asian Rice as a side dish for your favorite stir fries!

__ Save to Favorites Pin Print Review

Prep Time: 5 mins

Cook Time: 25 mins

Total Time: 30 mins

Servings: 6 servings, depending on size

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 3 cups chicken stock
  * ▢ 1 1/2 cups jasmine rice
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon low sodium soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon sesame oil
  * ▢ Optional: 1/2 cup frozen peas
  * ▢ 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, only as needed
  * ▢ 2 green onions, very thinly sliced

### Instructions

  * Combine the rice and the chicken stock in a large saucepan or skillet, cover with a lid and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat to low and simmer for 18 minutes. 

  * At the end of the cooking time, stir the rice and check the rice for tenderness. If the liquid has been absorbed, drizzle with the soy sauce and sesame oil and toss well to coat. 

  * Add frozen peas, if desired, and stir to combine. The heat of the rice will cook them in just a minute or two. Taste the rice, and add salt, only if needed. Add the green onions, stir and keep covered until ready to serve. Enjoy!

### Nutrition

Calories: 234kcal * Carbohydrates: 41g * Protein: 7g * Fat: 4g * Saturated
Fat: 1g * Cholesterol: 4mg * Sodium: 341mg * Potassium: 186mg * Fiber: 1g *
Sugar: 2g * Vitamin C: 1mg * Calcium: 17mg * Iron: 1mg

Tried this recipe?Mention @barefeetkitchen or tag #barefeetkitchen!

_{originally published 9/28/12 - recipe notes and photos updated 4/29/20}_

Filed under: Asian, Recipes, Rice, Side Dishes

Tagged with: Rice

### Share this Article

PinFacebookTweetYummlyEmail

## Related Posts

__ Save to Favorites

### Roasted Potato Salad

4

 __ Save to Favorites

### Crispy Breakfast Hash with Bacon, Potatoes, and Vegetables

5

 __ Save to Favorites

### Roasted Broccoli and Asparagus with Summer Squash

 __ Save to Favorites

### Street Corn Pasta Salad

5

#### Mary Younkin

Hi, I’m Mary. I’m the author, cook, photographer, and travel lover behind the
scenes here at Barefeet In The Kitchen. I'm also the author of three cookbooks
dedicated to making cooking from scratch as simple as possible.

  * See my Cookbooks
  * Learn More

## Reader Interactions

### 42 Comments Leave a comment or review

### Rate & Comment Cancel reply

Rating Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Current [email protected] *

Leave this field empty

  1. Christine says

March 21, 2021 at 7:43 pm

My dinner plans included some tofu and broccoli, and I was looking for side
dish, something more exciting than just plain rice. I just switched the
chicken stock with vegetable stock, other than that, I followed the recipe,
and it was a hit with my family ("not as boring as plain rice but also no
weird ingredients", said my 13-year old). Thank you for posting this recipe :
)

Reply

    * Mary Younkin says

March 23, 2021 at 3:36 pm

I'm so glad that you enjoyed the rice, Christine.

  2. Jillian Ricard says

April 29, 2021 at 11:58 am

Amazing rice! I’m so grateful to have found your website. Thank you for
spicing up my Jasmine Rice!  
I added toasted garlic for a little extra zing and lemon zest. So delicious!

Reply

    * Mary Younkin says

April 29, 2021 at 12:40 pm

I'm so glad you like it, Jillian!

  3. Darla says

November 20, 2021 at 10:50 am

I made this without the peas and it was absolutely delicious. I will be making
this often.

Reply

    * Mary Younkin says

November 20, 2021 at 12:09 pm

I'm glad you enjoyed it, Darla.

  4. Kristy says

December 8, 2021 at 1:06 am

My family love this, even the chickens fight over the left overs.

Reply

    * Mary Younkin says

December 8, 2021 at 1:10 pm

I'm glad you like it!

  5. Angela says

February 28, 2022 at 1:46 pm

Thanks for this recipe. Made for my inlaws yesterday and everyone loved it.

Reply

    * Mary Younkin says

March 1, 2022 at 5:20 pm

I'm glad it was a hit!

  6. Susan says

June 18, 2022 at 1:44 am

Absolutely delicious love it Mary!  

Reply

    * Mary Younkin says

June 18, 2022 at 7:42 am

I'm glad you're enjoying the rice, Susan.

« Older Comments

## Primary Sidebar

Get New Recipessent to your inbox!

We never share your information with third parties and will protect it in
accordance with our Privacy Policy.

 **Barefeet** in the Kitchen

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Cookbooks
  * Life
  * About

Disclosure & Privacy Policy

  *   *   *   * 

Proud Member of:  
Mediavine Publisher Network  
Food Innovation Group: Bon Appetit and Epicurious

(C)2022 BAREFEETINTHEKITCHEN.COM. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

Share this ArticleLike this article? Email it to a friend!

Friend's Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address

Comments

Send Email

Email sent!

