http://hapanom.com/asian-vegetable-rice-bowl/


Creative Meals for Today's Cook

  * Recipes
    * Courses
      * Appetizers
      * Breakfast & Brunch
      * EntrÃ©e
      * Sides
      * Salads
      * Soup
      * Baking
      * Desserts
      * Drinks
      * Snacks
      * Pantry
    * Cuisine
      * African
      * Asian
      * German
      * Indian
      * Italian
      * Latin
      * Mediterranean
      * Middle Eastern
      * Western
      * Fusion
    * Main Ingredient
      * Poultry
      * Pork
      * Beef
      * Lamb
      * Seafood
      * Eggs
      * Cheese & Dairy
      * Pasta
      * Rice & Grains
      * Noodles
      * Tofu
      * Vegetables & Fruit
      * Beans & Legumes
    * Diet
      * Vegetarian
      * Vegan
      * Pescetarian
      * Gluten Free
    * Seasons
      * Spring
      * Summer
      * Fall
      * Winter
    * Recipe Collections
      * Winter Holiday Recipes
      * New Year's Eve
      * Sports Parties
      * Party Foods
      * Quick & Easy
      * Healthy
      * Fried Goodness
      * Special Occasions
      * Valentine's Day Recipes
      * Easter Recipes
      * Mother's Day
      * Grilling Out
      * Thanksgiving
  * Recipe Index
  * Video Gallery
  * Pantry
  * About
  * Contact
  * Privacy Policy

  * Click for more Hapa Nom Nom!

# Asian Vegetable Rice Bowl

by hapagirl

There's something comforting about a rice bowlâ€¦ even if it's one just filled
with vegetables. They're filling, full of flavor, and delicious!

Several months ago my good friend and cooking buddy Seung Hee came over with a
plate of incredible beef short ribs. With a few extra ingredients that she
brought from home, some items here-and-there from my refrigerator and pantry,
she whipped up a wonderful rice bowl to accompany the ribs - that's one of the
great things about these bowls, you can really add whatever ingredients you
like.

This Asian Vegetable Rice Bowl is an inspiration from that evening. I've used
wild rice as a base for the bowl, but feel free to use whatever type of rice
you desire. The mushrooms with a soy sauce and ginger/garlic reduction are
rich and savory. The 'smashed' edamame with parsley and scallions is seriously
packed with a ton flavor. The radish sprouts add a peppery profile and the
poached egg, when cracked open creates a wonderfully creamy sauce with the
yolk.

Together this Asian Vegetable Rice Bowl contains a sensational balance of
flavors and textures. It's a healthy way to fill up your tummy and treat your
tastebuds to something new.

  

Asian Vegetable Rice Bowl



Print

Ingredients

  * 1Â½ cups wild rice (or any type of rice you'd like)
  * 8 ounces shelled edamame
  * 2 scallions
  * Â¼ cup parsley
  * Â¼ teaspoon kosher salt
  * a few cracks of fresh ground black pepper
  * Â¼ cup low sodium soy sauce
  * 2 tablespoons rice vinegar
  * Â½ teaspoon mirin
  * Â½ teaspoon ginger, grated
  * Â½ teaspoon garlic, minced
  * 2 teaspoons sugar
  * 1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil
  * 6 ounces white beech mushrooms (shimeji mushrooms), tough ends removed *(see note)
  * 1 tablespoon white vinegar
  * 2 eggs
  * 1 ounce radish sprouts, washed well and ends trimmed *(see note)

Instructions

  1. Cook the rice and edamame (separately) according to the package directions.
  2. Drain the edamame and place in a food processor, along with the scallions, parsley, salt and pepper. Pulse until coarsely ground and set aside.
  3. Prepare the water to poach the eggs by bringing a large pot of water to a boil.
  4. While the water for the eggs is heating, in a small sauce pan over medium-high heat, add the soy sauce, rice vinegar, mirin, ginger, garlic and sugar. Stirring occasionally bring the sauce to a low boil, then reduce the heat to a simmer. Stirring frequently, cook until slightly thickened. (Keep and eye on it, you don't want it to become too syrupy).
  5. In a skillet, warm the olive oil over medium-high heat. Add the mushrooms and sautÃ© for 2 minutes. Add the soy sauce reduction and sautÃ© 1 minute longer. Remove from heat and set aside.
  6. Crack the eggs into two small, separate bowls. Add 1 tablespoon of white vinegar to the pot of boiling water. Turn off the heat. Using a large spoon, make a whirlpool in the water. Gently slide the eggs, one-by-one, into the center of the whirlpool. Cover the pot with a lid and allow to cook for 3 minutes.
  7. While the eggs are poaching, prepare the rice bowls. Add the rice, the smashed edamame, mushrooms, and radish sprouts. (Reserve some of the soy sauce reduction for garnish).
  8. When the eggs are done cooking, use a slotted spoon to remove the eggs, and gently blot on a paper towel to remove the excess water. Transfer the egg to the rice bowl and place on top. Garnish with any remaining soy sauce reduction, serve, and enjoy!

Notes

Beech mushrooms substitute - button mushrooms  
  
Radish sprouts substitute - arugula

Nutrition Information

Serving size: 2

3.2.2925

  

### Share this:

  * Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
  * Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
  * 

Filed Under: Asian, Blog, Dishes, Eggs, EntrÃ©e, Fall, Gluten Free, Healthy,
Recipes, Rice & Grains, Salads, Spring, Summer, Vegetables & Fruit, Vegetarian
Tagged With: arugula, Asian, edamame, egg, ginger, Japanese, mushrooms, rice,
salad, scallions, soy sauce, sprouts, vegetarian

Â« Wonton Soup

Lamb Stuffed Flatbread Â»

### Comments

  1. seunghee says

January 23, 2015 at 8:16 am

Just saw this. Yay! Awesome post/photos. Your version look wayyyy prettier. ðŸ™‚
Next recipeâ€¦..short ribs???

    * hapagirl says

January 23, 2015 at 8:57 am

Aww, thanks. You're idea was so inspirational, I had to give it a go! And you
know I'm up for short ribs any time!

  2. Maggie says

January 14, 2015 at 1:12 am

I LOVE your pictures! The runny egg makes the bowl perfect and I also like the
veggie one. Everything looks colorful and uplifting, which makes my think of
spring. I really like mushrooms in the bowl, can't wait to try out soon! ðŸ™‚

    * hapagirl says

January 14, 2015 at 9:05 am

Thanks, Maggie! I must be subconsciously willing spring to come early with
this dish ðŸ˜‰

  3. Marissa | Pinch and Swirl says

January 12, 2015 at 12:25 pm

How gorgeous does this look?! Making a shopping list nowâ€¦

    * hapagirl says

January 12, 2015 at 1:24 pm

Thanks, Marissa! ðŸ™‚

  4. Nagi@RecipeTinEats says

January 11, 2015 at 4:05 am

You freak me out. Do you know what I just put in my freezer because I ran out
of time to cook it this weekend? Beef ribs. Seriously. I rarely buy beef ribs,
maybe twice a year max. Can you believe the coincidence??

Only you can get me so excited about a bowl of veggies! YUM. In particular I'm
obsessed with shimeji mushrooms! They're so pretty ðŸ™‚ Love that photo you have
of them raw!

    * hapagirl says

January 11, 2015 at 11:22 pm

Ha! This certainly wouldn't be the first time we've had an around the world
psychic food connection! You'll have to let me know what you do with those
beef ribs - I'm sure it will be amazing!

  5. Helen @ Scrummy Lane says

January 10, 2015 at 3:13 am

Kathleen â€¦ that runny egg is making me swoon! This sounds like a delicious,
not to mention healthy, idea. It's like a breakfast/brunch/lunch/dinner Euro-
Asian fusion dish. Love it!

    * hapagirl says

January 10, 2015 at 11:44 am

I never thought of it being a dish that could span meals throughout the day,
but I suppose it does ðŸ™‚

  6. Marissa | Pinch and Swirl says

January 9, 2015 at 5:14 pm

I love a good rice bowl - they're so versatile and satisfying. I love that you
can make every bite different.

    * hapagirl says

January 9, 2015 at 6:41 pm

Me too! You can really customize them to your tastes.

  7. Mira says

January 9, 2015 at 12:29 pm

So bright , colorful and delicious Kathleen! I love this dish! Wish I had it
for lunch now ðŸ™‚

    * hapagirl says

January 9, 2015 at 6:41 pm

Thanks, Mira! ðŸ™‚

### Trackbacks

  1. **5 Rice Bowl Recipes** says:

April 20, 2015 at 12:13 pm

[â€¦] Fried "Rice" by Cooking for Keeps Asian Vegetable Rice Bowl by Hapa Nom
Nom Mediterranean Bulgur Bowl by First Time Foods Apple Cider Farro with
Brussels Sprouts and Dried [â€¦]

#### Find a Dish!

I'm Kathleen and I live in the Atlanta area. In a lifelong search to discover
where I belong and what group I identify with, I found that food is the
strongest tie that brings us together. On Hapa Nom Nom, food is a kind of
connective tissue, bringing my background, family, travels, and tastes
together in one delicious bite. Find out more!

**Â« Click for more recipes! Â»**

  
Hapa Nom Nom is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-
NoDerivatives 4.0 International License.  
Based on a work at hapanom.com.

#### Sharing Recipes

All images, recipes, and text on this site are my intellectual property and
are protected under copyright. You are welcome to write about my recipe in
your own words; however, please re-write the recipe and instructions and link
back to Hapa Nom Nom as the original source. Thank you!

Copyright (C) 2013-2022 Hapa Nom Nom

Subscribe

### Follow ""

Get every new delicious dish delivered straight to your inbox!

Join other followers

Powered By WPFruits.com



##

##

Loading Comments...



Write a Comment...

Email (Required) Name (Required) Website

###

