https://www.watchwhatueat.com/healthy-fried-brown-rice/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * About us
    * Privacy Policy
  * Recipes
    * Main Course
    * Breakfast
    * Snacks or Appetizer
    * Dessert and Sweets
    * Non Alcoholic Drink Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
  * Guide to Healthy Eating
  * Shop
  * Videos
  * Contact us
  * ## Nav Social Menu

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest

  * search...

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

search...

  * Summer Drinks
  * Recipe Index
  * About us
  * Contact us

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

×

Watch What U Eat > Main Course > Healthy Fried Brown Rice With Vegetables

# Healthy Fried Brown Rice With Vegetables

Published: Apr 26, 2019 · Modified: May 28, 2020 by Watch What U Eat · This
post may contain affiliate links · 1 Comment

Recipe Print

Learn how to make healthy fried brown rice using this simple and easy recipe.
A wholesome meal with fresh ingredients and way better than takeout. And, a
perfect way to incorporate whole grains into your diet.

If you feel some resistance to eating fiber-rich brown rice then try these
recipes like Mexican brown rice, cilantro lime brown rice or this easy
vegetable fried rice. These will inspire you to cook with brown rice more
often.

Brown rice does taste delicious if you cook it the proper way. And this Asian
style fried rice with brown rice is far better and healthier than takeouts.
Believe me, you will want to make it again and again.

## How to make healthy fried brown rice

  * In sesame oil **fry some garlic, ginger, and scallions**. 
  * Then **add diced fresh vegetables** and cook for a few minutes or until softens. 
  * Now **addsoy sauce, rice vinegar** and mix well. 
  * Finally, **add cooked brown rice and mix well** with vegetables. Garnish with fresh sliced green scallions and serve warm. 

## Vegetable fried rice with brown rice- Helpful Tips!

  * **Brown rice** - preferably use Jasmine brown rice for making this Asian fried brown rice. However, it is not mandatory. Sometimes I also use long grain brown rice if I don't have Jasmine rice handy. Make sure the rice is perfectly cooked according to your likings. 
  * You can also use **white rice** instead of brown rice. 
  * Dice **fresh** **vegetables** like carrots, bell peppers into small cubes for even cooking. 
  * **Eggs** - you can add eggs and turn it into **egg fried rice**. It will make this rice even more filling and rich in protein. In some oil scramble a couple of eggs and add them into the prepared vegetable fried rice. 
  * Use a large **nonstick skillet or large wok** for making this rice dish. It helps to fry and mix vegetables with rice easily.

## **The best type of rice for fried rice**

In Chinese cooking, medium to long grain white rice is used for making any
type of fried rice. Rice that is fluffy and does not clump together upon
cooking works best for making fried rice. Usually, the Jasmine rice variety
gives you this texture. However, practically any type of cooked rice will work
for making this dish.

Preferably use day old or leftover cooked rice (or fresh but cold rice) for
this recipe. The rice slightly dries out over time and makes it easy to
separate the grains while mixing and gives a nice fluffy texture to the dish.

## **What to serve with Fried Rice**

  * Serve this healthy fried brown rice on the side of stir fry vegetables or this chili garlic tofu for a complete wholesome meal.
  * Also to make a complete meal you can pair it with starters like shrimp spring rolls or tofu spring rolls, soups, etc.

### You will love these Asian inspired recipes

  * Chili Garlic Tofu
  * Soba Noodle Soup
  * Vietnamese Shrimp Spring Rolls
  * Spring Roll Salad Bowl
  * Vegetarian Spring Rolls

* * *

## **FOOD FOR THE SOUL**

“Truth is one, single, and it can never be misinterpreted. To know the truth
it is essential that whatever human awareness we have got, it has to be
expanded. There is something still lacking in that awareness by which we
cannot know God, we cannot know the truth.” (Shri Mataji, Preston, UK, 1980).

**(Experience your self-realization now)**

* * *

Print Pin

5 from 2 votes

## Healthy Fried Brown Rice With Vegetables

Learn how to make healthy fried brown rice with fresh vegetables. Simple,
delicious and wholesome vegetable fried rice recipe that is better than
takeout.

Course: Main or Side

Cuisine: Asian Inspired

Prep Time 15 minutes

Cook Time 30 minutes

Servings :5

Calories :336kcal

Author:Swati Kadam Gulati

### Ingredients

#### Cooking Rice

  * ▢ 2 cup Jasmine brown rice
  * ▢ 3 ½ cup water

#### Preparing Vegetables

  * ▢ ½ tablespoon sesame oil
  * ▢ 3-4 medium garlic cloves finely chopped
  * ▢ ½"  ginger  peeled and finely chopped
  * ▢ ½ bell pepper diced red and green each
  * ▢ 1 large carrot  peeled and diced
  * ▢ 1 cup green peas fresh or frozen
  * ▢ 3-4 springs of green onion (scallions)
  * ▢ 1 ½ tablespoon soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon rice vinegar
  * ▢ salt to taste

### Instructions

  * In a medium pot add rice and water and bring mixture to boil. Then simmer on low heat with cover for 25 mins. Let it cool down completely. Using a fork fluff the rice to separate the grains before using.

  * In a large skillet or wok heat oil on medium to high heat.

  * Add chopped garlic, ginger and the white portion of scallions (reserve green for garnishing). Cook it for 1-2 mins.

  * Then add diced peppers, carrot and peas. Stir fry them for few minutes (see notes).

  * Now add soy sauce, rice vinegar and mix well.

  * Finally, add cold rice and mix well with vegetables. Season with salt if necessary.

  * Garnish with green onions and serve warm.

### Notes

  1. **Cooking vegetables** \- If you want vegetables to be nice and crunchy, just saute them until you get the desired texture. And if you want vegetables soft in texture then add 2 tablespoon of water, cover the skillet and cook it for 3 mins. Then add soy sauce and vinegar and follow the next set of instructions.
  2. **Cooking rice** \- You can cook rice well in advance or use leftover rice in this recipe. Cold rice works best and makes it easy to stir fry without breaking them. However, you can use freshly cooked rice if you want. The taste won't change if you use fresh rice. I always make rice fresh for this recipe and let it cool down completely before adding into vegetables.
  3. While preparing **scallions** , separate white part, slice and cook them with ginger and garlic. Reserve green part of the scallions to use at the end to garnish.

### Nutrition

Calories: 336kcal

Tried this recipe?Tag us on Instagram @watchwhatueat or tag #watchwhatueat! OR
leave us a comment & rating below. Your feedback is very important to us.

  
_This post contains affiliate links. For more information on our Affiliate and
Advertising Policy, please clickhere_

« Homemade Healthy Guacamole

Healthy Palak Paneer Curry »

  * 644
  * 30
  *   *   * 

#### About Watch What U Eat

We are Swati and Tushar, our passion for food and cooking has now led us to
share some healthy, tasty recipes and the benefits of eating certain
ingredients with the goal of inspiring you to eat well and live well.

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Minh says

May 28, 2022 at 11:03 am

  
Did not feel much difference with the white -rice version, but definitely
healthier.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

## Primary Sidebar

****Hi, we are Swati and Tushar!** **Our passion for food and cooking has led
us to write this blog focusing on healthy recipes to eat well and live well!

More about me →

### Summer Drinks

  * Healthy Cranberry Sangria

  * Watermelon Slush Recipe

  * Pineapple Strawberry Sangria

  * Fresh Strawberry Lemonade

  * Healthy And Festive Cranberry Mimosa Recipe

  * Summer Cooling Watermelon Detox Water

### Popular Recipes

  * Healthy Roasted Fajita Vegetables

  * One-Pot Healthy Potato Soup

  * Chicken Taco Rice Casserole Skillet

  * Air Fryer Cauliflower BBQ Wings

## Footer

As Featured On

  * Thank you
  * Contact us
  * Homepage
  * Privacy Policy

Copyright (C) 2022 | Watch What U Eat

  * 30
  *   * 644
  *   * 

