https://www.littlebroken.com/lemon-chicken-noodle-soup/


X

  * Home
  * Meet Katya
    * FAQ
  * Recipe Index
    * Appetizers
    * Breakfast
    * Salads
      * Dressings
    * Main Dish
    * Soups
    * Side Dish
    * Sweets
    * Sauces and Condiments
  * Videos
  * Lifestyle
  * Contact

Little Broken

Food recipes from real ingredients

  * Home
  * Meet Katya
    * FAQ
  * Recipe Index
    * Appetizers
    * Breakfast
    * Salads
      * Dressings
    * Main Dish
    * Soups
    * Side Dish
    * Sweets
    * Sauces and Condiments
  * Videos
  * Lifestyle
  * Contact

Home » Recipes » Soups

# Lemon Chicken Noodle Soup

April 9, 2021 by Katya 2 Comments Updated July 27, 2022

Jump to Recipe*Print Recipe

_This lemon chicken soup is fresh, light, and easy to make! It 's a delicious
twist on the classic chicken noodle soup._

This post may contain affiliate links. Please read our disclosure policy.

## **Lemon Chicken Soup**

There's no doubt chicken noodle is **classic comfort food**. There are many
variations of this soup, such as **Vietnamese Chicken Noodle Soup** ,
**Sicilian Chicken Soup** , and many more.

Today, I'm sharing a lemon-flavored chicken soup with everything that makes
chicken noodle soup the best -- juicy chicken, soft noodles, tender veggies,
and lemon and oregano infused broth.

It comes together in one pot and it's easy to pull off on any day of the week.
Not to mention it freezes well, so leftovers never go to waste.

You'll love this comforting lemon chicken noodle soup recipe year round!

## **Most Important Seasoning Ingredient**

**Salt.** My tip is to salt the soup at every step, and taste as you go (as
long as it's safe). You'll want to build on the flavors gradually.

Remember salt is meant to enhance the flavor of the ingredients and not make
the soup taste salty. If the soup is tasting flat or even a little bitter, add
a pinch of salt, taste, and add more if needed.

## **Tips for Making Soup**

  * **Double the recipe!** Chicken noodle soup freezes well for up to 3 months.
  *  **Sweat the veggies**. Soften the vegetables without browning them to get the most flavor.
  * Make your own stock either the **traditional way** or in a **crockpot**. 
  * **Salt as you go**. 
  * For best flavor **do not substitute thighs** with breast. But if you must, see the recipe card for instructions.
  *  **Do not overcook the noodles**. Check the pasta package for cooking time.

## **How to Make Lemon Chicken Soup**

  * **Cook the chicken:** Toss the chicken with salt and pepper. 

  * Heat a soup pot or a dutch-oven with olive oil. When hot, add the chicken and cook until browned, about 4-5 minutes. Remove to a plate.

  * **Cook the veggies:** Add onions, carrots, and celery with a pinch of salt. Cook until beginning to soften. Stir in garlic and oregano.

  * **Add stock and pasta:** Add chicken stock and bay leaves. Bring to a simmer. Stir in pasta and chicken. Season with salt and pepper. Cook until pasta and veggies are tender.

  * **Finish with lemon and parsley:** Remove and discard the bay leaves.

  * Stir in lemon zest, lemon juice, and parsley.

## **What Goes with Chicken Soup?**

Chicken soup is great on its own or with one of these sides for a more hearty
and filling meal:

  * **Salad pizza**
  *  **Bread crisps**
  *  **Veggie rolls**
  *  **Tuna avocado melts**
  *  **Veggie sandwich**
  *  **Avocado toast**
  *  **Cheese puffs**

**For more spring inspired soups,** try our **Easy Italian Wedding Soup** ,
**Spring Chicken Vegetable Stew** , or **Broccoli Potato Soup**.

## **Video: Watch How to Make It!**

Print

clock clock iconcutlery cutlery iconflag flag iconfolder folder iconinstagram
instagram iconpinterest pinterest iconfacebook facebook iconprint print
iconsquares squares iconheart heart iconheart solid heart solid icon

## Lemon Chicken Noodle Soup

★★★★★ 5 from 1 reviews

  * Author: Katya
  * Prep Time: 15 min
  * Cook Time: 30 min
  * Total Time: 45 minutes
  * Yield: 6 1x
  * Category: Soup
  * Method: Simmer
  * Cuisine: American

Print Recipe

Pin Recipe

* * *

### Description

_Comforting lemon chicken noodle soup with tender chicken, soft noodles,
bright veggies, and lemon oregano infused broth. It 's the perfect soup to
make year-round!_

* * *

### Ingredients

Units USM Scale 1x2x3x

  * 2-3 Tbsp. olive oil
  * 1 lb. boneless, skinless, chicken thighs, _cut into strips_
  * 3/4 tsp. **kosher salt** , _plus more to taste_
  * 1/4 tsp. black pepper, _plus more to taste_
  * 1 medium onion, _diced, about 1/2 - 1 cup_
  * 3 carrots, _diced, about 1 cup_
  * 2 celery ribs, _diced, about 1 cup_
  * 3 garlic cloves, minced
  * 1/2 tsp. dried oregano
  * 6 cups chicken stock
  * 2 bay leaves
  * 3/4 cups dried pasta, _such as **fine egg noodles** or **fideo** (cut spaghetti)_
  * 1 Tbsp. lemon zest, _about 2 lemons_
  * 2 Tbsp. fresh lemon juice
  * 2 Tbsp. fresh chopped parsley

* * *

### Instructions

  1. In a 4.5-quart or bigger soup pot or a dutch oven, heat 2 tablespoons of olive oil over medium-high heat. Toss chicken with 3/4 teaspoons of salt and 1/4 teaspoons of pepper and add to the pot. Cook until browned, about 5-7 minutes, stirring frequently. Remove to a plate.
  2. Reduce heat to medium. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon of oil if needed. Add onions, carrots, and celery with a pinch of salt. Cook until the veggies are beginning to soften, about 4-5 minutes. Stir in garlic and oregano and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds, stirring constantly.
  3. Add chicken stock and bay leaves. Bring to a simmer. Stir in pasta and chicken. Season soup with salt and pepper, to taste. Simmer partially covered until pasta and veggies are tender, about 10-12 minutes. Stir the soup occasionally so the pasta does not stick.
  4. Remove and discard the bay leaves. Stir in lemon zest, lemon juice, and parsley. 

### Notes

  * **Can I substitute chicken breast for the thighs?** Yes, you can. Follow directions as written until step 3. Add chicken breast in the last 3 minutes of cooking, otherwise, if you add it in with the pasta it will be tough by the time the soup is done cooking.
  * **Leftovers:** Leftovers can be refrigerated in an airtight container for up to 4 days or frozen for up to 3 months.

### Nutrition

  * **Serving Size:**
  * **Calories:** 288
  * **Sugar:** 6.7 g
  * **Sodium:** 601.1 mg
  * **Fat:** 11 g
  * **Carbohydrates:** 23.4 g
  * **Protein:** 23.2 g
  * **Cholesterol:** 78.2 mg

_**Keywords:** chicken soup, noodle soup, spring soup_

### Did you make this recipe?

Tag @littlebrokenblog on Instagram and hashtag it #littlebrokenblog

Filed Under: Recipes, Soups Tagged With: boneless chicken thighs, carrots,
chicken, chicken broth, parsley, pasta

« Avocado Toast

Artichoke and Spinach Roasted Salmon »

### Comments

  1. Val says

March 1, 2022 at 1:14 PM

I made the lemon chicken noodle soup. I was very impressed with how flavorful
it was. Will be making this again.

★★★★★

Reply

    * Katya says

March 2, 2022 at 5:04 PM

Thank you! I'm so glad you enjoyed it

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe rating _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_

Comment *

Name *

Email *

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS

#### Welcome

Hello and Welcome! I’m Katya. I believe life is too short to eat bad food and
wear boring shoes. I'm glad you're here! Learn more...discounted at the UK
Meds

#### Are you an insider?

subscribe to get my latest recipes delivered to your inbox

#### Popular Posts

## Chicken Mushroom and Spinach Lasagna

## One-Pot Chicken Stew

## Cod with Tomato and Herb Butter

## Summer Corn Chowder

#### Copyright & Disclosure

The content found on Little Broken may be shared, so feel free to Pin, Tweet,
Facebook & Share away with a link back to www.littlebroken.com. All images and
content are copyright protected so please do not copy or claim my work as your
own.

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS

#### Recent Recipes

Copyright (C) 2022 · LITTLE BROKEN · PRIVACY POLICY · DISCLOSURE · Log in

