https://wonkywonderful.com/easy-chicken-soup-recipe-lemon-pepper/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * About Nicole
    * Contact
  * Recipe Index
    * Recipes
      * Savory Meals
      * Sweets
        * Frozen Treats
        * Candy
        * Cookies
      * Appetizers
        * Dips
      * Breakfast
      * Side Dishes
      * Snacks
      * DIY Ingredients
      * Healthy
        * Smoothies
      * Bread
      * Drinks
      * Sauces/Condiments
      * Travel
  * Work With Me
    * Media Kit
    * Privacy Policy â€“ Legal
    * Disclosure
  * SUBSCRIBE
  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

WonkyWonderful

Whole Food for the Whole Family

December 18, 2014 By Nicole Harris 19 Comments

# Easy Chicken Soup Recipe with Lemon and Pepper

__Pin

 __Share

 __Tweet

 __

1778 Shares

Jump to Recipe

Just in time for the cold and flu season.  This  **Easy Chicken Soup Recipe**
is bursting with flavor!  Meyer lemons and fresh cracked pepper give this
healthy chicken noodle soup a unique twist.  You will be energized after one
bite of this Meyer Lemon and Pepper Chicken Soup!

_This post may contain affiliate links. See myDisclosure Policy for more info.
Follow **WonkyWonderful on Pinterest**  to stay up to date on all of the new
recipes!_

## Homemade Chicken Soup

I love a comforting bowl of chicken noodle soup on a chilly winter day.
Especially if I'm feeling under the weather.

This Lemon Pepper Chicken Soup is bright and peppy.  It will wake up your
taste buds, that's for sure.

I used Meyer Lemons for a mild citrus flavor and Fresh Cracked Pepper for some
heat.

Begin this Easy Chicken Soup Recipe with pepper crusted chicken breast.

Add the fresh citrus and the usual chicken soup ingredients.  That's it.  Heat
until the carrots are cooked through then enjoy a bowl full!

Seriously.  This is a bowl of pure sunshine on a dreary winter day.

I made this fancied up chicken soup then used star pasta! hehe

Use whatever pasta you prefer.  I cook my pasta separately so the leftovers
don't turn into a soggy mess.

Don't forget the crackers!

Continue to Content

## Easy Chicken Soup Recipe with Lemon and Pepper

_Yield:_ 1

_Prep Time:_ 20 minutes

_Cook Time:_ 20 minutes

_Total Time:_ 40 minutes

Just in time for the cold and flu season. This Easy Chicken Soup Recipe is
bursting with flavor! Meyer lemons and fresh cracked pepper give this healthy
chicken noodle soup a unique twist. You will be energized after one bite of
this Meyer Lemon and Pepper Chicken Soup!

Print

### Ingredients

####

  * 1-1Â½ lbs Chicken Breast 
  * 4 Tablespoons Olive Oil - divided 
  * Fresh Cracked Pepper 
  * 3 Large Carrots - peeled and sliced 
  * 2 Large Celery Stalks - sliced 
  * 1/2 Cup Chopped White Onion 
  * 32 ounces Low Sodium Chicken Stock 
  * Zest of 4 Meyer Lemons 
  * Juice of 4 Meyer Lemons *, 2/3 cup 
  * 1/4 teaspoon Dried Thyme 
  * 1/2 teaspoon Garlic Powder 
  * 1 teaspoon Fresh Cracked Pepper 
  * Salt - to taste 
  * Pasta of Choice - prepared according to package 

### Instructions

  1. Pat dry chicken breast with paper towel. Coat with a generous layer of fresh cracked pepper. 
  2. Heat 2 tablespoons olive oil in skillet over medium heat. 
  3. Fully cook chicken breast then set aside. 
  4. Over medium heat in 3.5 quart pot; saute carrots, celery and onions in 2 tablespoons olive oil for about 5 minutes. 
  5. Add chicken stock, lemon zest, lemon juice, thyme and garlic powder. 
  6. Lightly boil for 20-25 minutes or until carrots are cooked through. 
  7. Shred chicken breast and add to soup pot. 
  8. Add 1 teaspoon fresh cracked pepper and salt to taste. 
  9. Serve soup over pasta. 

### Notes

*If using regular lemons, decrease amount due to acidity  

###### Nutrition Information

Yield 6 Serving Size 1  
_Amount Per Serving_ Calories 385Total Fat 14gSaturated Fat 3gTrans Fat
0gUnsaturated Fat 10gCholesterol 96mgSodium 582mgCarbohydrates 28gFiber
5gSugar 10gProtein 40g

_Nutritional information on WonkyWonderful is provided as a courtesy and is
approximate only. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of the nutritional
information given for any recipe on this site._

(C) Nicole Harris

**Cuisine:** American  / **Category:** Dinner

28

 __Pin

 __Share

 __Tweet

 __

1778 Shares

Filed Under: Dinner Tagged With: chicken, lemon, soup

Previous Post: Â« 3 Easy Dip Recipes

Next Post: Fruitcake White Chocolate Fudge Recipe Â»

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Diane+{Created+by+Diane} says

December 18, 2014 at

What a delicious soup and I bet it's extra tasty with lemon pepper in it.

Reply

  2. Rachel @ Baked by Rachel says

December 18, 2014 at

Love that pepper mill! I actually just saw it reviewed on ATK the other day!
And this soup looks fabulous! So comforting.

Reply

  3. Amanda says

December 18, 2014 at

Soup looks amazing!! I need those grinders in my lifeâ€¦ how beautiful that
would be in my kitchenâ€¦ and they would actually work! Adding to Christmas wish
list.. ðŸ™‚

Reply

  4. [email protected] says

December 18, 2014 at

I love your photos, they make me soooo hungry! Just beautiful

Reply

  5. Gina says

December 18, 2014 at

Just bought my first batch of meyer lemons for the season, I think I know what
I need to make!

Reply

  6. Jess says

January 21, 2015 at

Could you do this in a crockpot instead? Would it end up tasting the same?

Reply

    * Nicole Harris says

January 21, 2015 at

Yes. I'm sure this will be great as a crockpot meal!

Reply

  7. Vicky says

February 8, 2016 at

I have 5 Meyer lemons, woot, and I'm glad to see that you cook the pasta
separately to avoid that stew like soup. It's what I do with any starch to be
served with soup.

Reply

    * Nicole Harris says

February 9, 2016 at

Nothing worse than soggy, falling apart noodles! Glad you agree ðŸ™‚

Reply

  8. Stefanie says

March 8, 2016 at

I can't get Meyer lemonsâ€¦how much zest & juice should I use with regular
lemons?

Reply

    * Nicole Harris says

March 10, 2016 at

You should be able to sub in regular lemons. Meyer lemons are a bit milder, so
you can decrease the juice/zest a little bit if you prefer. Enjoy!

Reply

  9. Kathy Mai says

March 13, 2017 at

How many servings is this?

Reply

    * Nicole Harris says

March 21, 2017 at

This will easily serve 6. The 3.5 quart pot will be about half full with soup.
Enjoy!

Reply

  10. Tracie Leavell says

November 22, 2017 at

Do you have calorie count and other nutrition facts for this recipe? I made
tonight. I used too much zest so very bitter. Put some bar b que hot sauce in
it and it was pretty good. Almost a chinese hot and sour soup.

Reply

    * Nicole Harris says

November 23, 2017 at

I love your save! That sounds tasty. I do not have nutrition info. There are
separate sites that will calculate for you, like my fitness pal. Come the new
year I will be adding nutrition info ðŸ™‚

Reply

  11. Lydia Ruiz says

January 7, 2019 at

How many does this recipe feed?

Reply

    * Nicole Harris says

January 9, 2019 at

This will easily feed 4-6â€¦depending how hungry everyone is ðŸ˜€

Reply

  12. Lynne Gehen says

May 8, 2020 at

Absolutely amazing soup. The only thing I added was the juice of four lemons.
That really took it over the top!

Reply

  13. Kate says

November 11, 2020 at

I love this recipe thank you so much! I have made it so many times & was a
great soup to eat recovering from surgery with! ðŸ™‚ I just made it again
yesterday. my husband loves it too.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

Search this website

Hi There! I LOVE food! Here at WonkyWonderful I'm cooking up easy meals that
you will LOVE too! More About Nicole...

### Browse by Category

Browse by Category Select Category 30 Minute Meals Air Fryer Recipes Appetizer
Appetizers Bread Breakfast Candy Condiments & Dips Cookies Crochet Dairy Free
Dessert desserts Dinner Dips DIY Ingredients Dressings & Sauces Drinks Extras
Favorites Frozen Treats Gluten Free Grain Free Healthy Holiday Lifestyle
LowCarb/Keto Lunch Main Course Meal Prep Naturals Paleo Popular Recipes
Pressure Cooker Recipes Recipe RoundUp Recipes Salad Sauces/Condiments Savory
Meals Seasonings/Spices Side Dish Side Dishes Side Dishes Slow Cooker Meals
Smoothies Snack Snacks Snacks Soup Soup & Salad Sweets Travel Uncategorized
Vegan Vegetarian Whole30

Copyright 2018 â€¢ Wonky Wonderful â€¢ Log in

Skip to Recipe

