https://www.howsweeteats.com/2018/02/lemon-chicken-soup/


Skip to Main Content

__Submit

____

  * Home
  * __Recipes
    * Appetizers
    * Breakfast
    * Lunch
    * Dinner
    * Drinks
    * Dessert
    * Weekly Menu Ideas
    * Browse Recipes
    * Recipe Index
  * __Videos
  * __Crumbs
  * __Cookbooks
  * __Fun
    * Crushing On
    * Summer Fridays
    * Book Club
    * Reading Lists
  * About
  * Contact
  * FAQs

Pinterest Facebook Instagram Twitter

  * Home
  * About
  * Contact

__Submit

Pinterest Facebook Instagram Twitter

  * __Recipes
    * Appetizers
    * Breakfast
    * Lunch
    * Dinner
    * Drinks
    * Dessert
    * Weekly Menu Ideas
    * Browse Recipes
    * Recipe Index
  * __Videos
  * __Crumbs
    * All Crumbs
    * Favorites
    * Tuesday Things
  * __Cookbooks
    * New! Everyday Dinners!
    * The Pretty Dish
    * Seriously Delish
  * __Fun
    * SHOP
    * Summer Fridays
    * Gift Guides
    * Crushing On
    * Reading Lists
    * Book Club

Recipes

# Easy Lemon Chicken Soup.

Jump to Recipe

_by_ Jessica February 7, 2018

_[This post is sponsored by_Kitchen Basics stock _! In 2018, I’m teaming up
with them to share some delicious recipes that I can’t wait to tell you
about!]_

Lemon chicken soup, coming right up!

This is the best way to come out of the winter funk. You know, the January and
February winter funk when the holidays are over, but it’s still super chilly
outside and just… generally gray and gloomy? We’re breaking out of that with a
fabulous, warming lemon chicken soup that will take you minutes to make.

YES. Minutes!

This lemon chicken soup is one of the EASIEST soups I have ever made. Ever
ever! And it’s super packed with flavor thanks to the Kitchen Basics Turmeric
and Ginger Chicken Bone Broth that I added to the stock. This stuff is like
liquid gold.

Oh my gosh – guys, we are LOV.ING. it. It is so super flavorful. I know that
bone broth is really trendy right now and that people even sip on a warm cup
of it morning, noon and night (Eddie just about died when I suggested that)
and while I don’t have much desire to drink it on its own, I love using it in
recipes. It adds an extra boost of oomph.

Especially this one! First, the flavor. Holy flavor bomb. This little carton
of chicken bone broth has turmeric, ginger and lemongrass. I ADORE all of
those flavors and even used some of this in my chicken and dumplings recipe
the other night. It’s so, so good. Next up – I’m putting it in some homemade
ramen. For sure.

Second, the protein. This carton has TEN grams of protein, so obviously that
was how I sold Eddie on sipping it. Of course. The minute he saw that, he was
in. And when I saw it, I was super impressed and shocked.

SO!

Let’s just talk about how quick and delicious this soup is. I made the soup
with leftover shredded chicken that I had from roasting a whole one last
Sunday night. But in a pinch, I would just use shredded rotisserie chicken.
You can grab one on the way home from work and have this made in about 30
minutes. Or you can use any sort of leftover chicken you might have from other
recipes during the week! Make is simple.

To keep things semi-traditional, I used a sweet onion, carrot and celery. YES.
We all know that I think celery is the worst, but I can handle it in soups and
stews. That is it. Otherwise, peace out celery.

Also, some ginger and garlic for ZING.

But! I added in some fresh lemon zest with the veggies while they were
softening in the butter too. The chicken, stock and bone broth went in next
with an entire sliced lemon for even more lemony flavor. Then! Comes the
pasta. This isn’t a necessary step, but one I took to bulk it up for us a bit.
And because the soup without pasta would leave Eddie ravenous after, like, 13
minutes.

Ditalini was my pasta of choice, mostly because it’s adorable, but also
because it’s simple. It cooks quickly since it’s a small cut of pasta AND Max
loves it and can easily grab it with a spoon since it’s tiny. I love a hearty
spoonful of soup.

On top, I love tons (like, TONS!) of fresh herbs and shaved parmesan cheese.
Then lots of crackers or bread for dipping. Can’t go without that.

Words can’t even express how much I adore this. It’s warming and comforting
and soothing and weirdly enough, a bit refreshing! It’s like a hot hug in a
bowl with a slight hint of Spring. Which we soooo need right now. Am I right?

Lemon Chicken Soup

## Lemon Chicken Soup

Yield: 4

Total Time: 45 mins

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

4.94 from 45 votes

**Leave a Review »**

### Ingredients

  * 2 tablespoons olive olive
  * 2 tablespoons unsalted butter
  * 1 sweet onion diced
  * 1/2 cup chopped carrots
  * 1/2 cup chopped celery
  * 4 garlic cloves minced
  * 1 teaspoon freshly grated ginger
  * 1/2 teaspoon salt
  * 1/2 teaspoon pepper
  * 1 tablespoon freshly grated lemon zest
  * 2 cups shredded chicken
  * 1 lemon thinly sliced
  * 4 cups low-sodium Kitchen Basics Organic Free Range Chicken Stock
  * 2 8-ounce containers Kitchen Basics Turmeric and Ginger Chicken Bone Broth
  * 2 cups water
  * 3/4 cup ditalini pasta
  * 1/3 cup chopped fresh herbs like parsley, basil or cilantro
  * 3 tablespoons chopped chives
  * shaved parmesan for topping
  * lemon wedges for serving

### Instructions

  * Heat a large pot over medium-low heat and add the olive oil and butter. Once melted, add in the onion, carrots, celery, garlic, ginger, salt and pepper. Stir and cook until the vegetables are slightly softened, about 5 minutes. Stir in the lemon zest and chicken. Add in the lemon slices, chicken stock, bone brother and water. Bring the mixture to a boil.

  * Once boiling, add the pasta and reduce to a simmer. Cook until the pasta is al dente, about 8 to 10 minutes. Stir in the herbs and the chives. Serve immediately with shaved parmesan and a lemon wedge!

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: American

Instagram

### Did you make this recipe?

Be sure to follow @howsweeteats on instagram and tag **#howsweeteats**. You
can also post a photo of your recipe to our facebook page.  
_I appreciate you so much!_

Ooooh and that melty cheese on top.

_posted in:_ Lunch Ideas, Poultry, Recipes, Soup/Stews, Weeknight Meals,
Winter 53 _comments_

#### Order My New Book:

### Everyday Dinners

Real-life recipes to set your family up for a week of success.

**Order Now:** Bookshop _//_ Amazon _//_ Target  
Barnes & Noble _//_ IndieBound _//_ Apple Books

_« Previous Post_Tuesday Things.

_Next Post »_ _Cabernet Latte. Yes, a Wine Latte!

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Current ye@r *

Leave this field empty

Δ

Notify me of follow-up comments via e-mail

###  53 Comments on "Easy Lemon Chicken Soup."

  1. Pingback: Easy Lemon Chicken Soup. - Fruitide

  2. Pingback: Easy Lemon Chicken Soup. - Next Step News

  3. **Erin** -- February 7, 2018 @ 11:06 am  Reply

Oh how I want a bowl of this right now!!

    * **Jessica** -- February 7, 2018 @ 9:35 pm  Reply

thanks erin! xo

  4. **Amanda** -- February 7, 2018 @ 11:41 am  Reply

Ohh this soup looks perfect! I’ll have to look for that broth.

    * **Jessica** -- February 7, 2018 @ 9:36 pm  Reply

thanks amanda!

  5. **Alexis** -- February 7, 2018 @ 1:44 pm  Reply

This is just what I need, with my flu! It looks so comforting.  
http://simplehealthstyle.com

    * **Jessica** -- February 7, 2018 @ 9:35 pm  Reply

i hope you feel better alexis!

  6. **Jessica** -- February 7, 2018 @ 3:10 pm  Reply

Looks like the perfect bowl of sunshine to cure the winter blues. Kitchen
Basics is the only stock I use, can't wait to try their bone broth. How do you
think your dumplings would work in this instead of the pasta?

    * **Jessica** -- February 7, 2018 @ 9:36 pm  Reply

omg that is a GREAT idea!!! i think they would work great in here!

  7. **Ashlyn @ The Pedantic Foodie** -- February 7, 2018 @ 3:21 pm  Reply

This looks so warm and cozy!!

    * **Jessica** -- February 7, 2018 @ 9:37 pm  Reply

thanks ashlyn!

  8. **Janie** -- February 7, 2018 @ 7:36 pm  Reply

I made this for dinner and it is amazing!

    * **Jessica** -- February 7, 2018 @ 9:36 pm  Reply

so glad you liked it janie!

  9. Pingback: Easy Lemon Chicken Soup. - Proper Health Today

  10. **Kristen Paige** -- February 8, 2018 @ 2:26 pm  Reply

Where do you find the bone broth? A regular grocery store?

  11. **Roxana** -- February 12, 2018 @ 6:52 am  Reply

I love soups and this one looks so good for this cold days! Thank you for
sharing the recipe! xo

https://asparklingjourney.com/

  12. **Maria** -- February 20, 2018 @ 6:38 pm  Reply

I just made this tonight and it was delicious! I couldn't find the turmeric
ginger bone broth though… so I just used the original and seasoned my chicken
with turmeric and added a bit more ginger to the soup. So good!

  13. **Sara** -- April 4, 2018 @ 1:48 pm  Reply

Thinking about making this for dinner tonight. Do you get any bitterness from
the lemon rind?

  14. **Kallie** -- April 5, 2018 @ 8:24 pm  Reply

This was amazing! I love lemon, but I wasn’t sure how it would be in a soup.
It was subtle and refreshing! My two year old ate it up as well! Already
looking forward to making it again.

    * **Mike** -- November 5, 2019 @ 9:11 pm  Reply

You really should cut the pith away from the lemon… it makes the soup
incredibly bitter.. unfortunately i didn’t realize this in time.

  15. **Stefanie** -- April 11, 2018 @ 7:21 am  Reply

I have been wanting to make this since you posted it, Jessica, and I finally
made it last night. I am not exaggerating when I say it's the best soup I've
made in my "culinary career"! ;-) So, so good. Thank you for sharing this
recipe on your blog, although I think you should have included it in your The
Pretty Dish as it's a really "pretty" soup, too! It's amazing how much the
lemon zest and lemon slices add to the overall flavor. Thank you again! I will
definitely be keeping this recipe!

  16. **Espahan** -- May 31, 2018 @ 10:21 pm  Reply

I made this soup today and we ate it this evening with a nice crusty french
baguette. This is a keeper. Hubby and I loved it! Loved the lemony/ ginger
flavors. We also loved the finish of shaved parmesan and chives. Perfect!

  17. **Mandy** -- June 21, 2018 @ 1:27 pm  Reply

Excellent recipe!!  
Used a rotisserie chicken.  
Couldn't find the bone broth specified so added turmeric and ginger to a
standard one.  
I thought the two cups water would be excessive but turned out just right.  
Used a bunch of minced basil for the herb of choice to finish (thai basil
would probably be perfect for this too!)  
We have plenty for two days of leftovers, served best with a thick piece of
buttered sourdough.

  18. **A** -- July 14, 2018 @ 11:56 am  Reply

This actually tasted AMAZING!!

  19. **Carolyn** -- October 12, 2018 @ 12:32 pm  Reply

This soup is incredible! Love love love! I had it at a friend's house and knew
I needed the recipe. Fabulous lemon flavor in it - such a comforting soup!

  20. **Austin Greene** -- November 2, 2018 @ 11:07 am  Reply

I love this simple and easy recipe will definitely use it!

  21. **Nick** -- December 5, 2018 @ 10:19 pm  Reply

This soup was great! I will definitely be making it again.

  22. **Jen** -- December 10, 2018 @ 6:04 pm  Reply

I just made this and it’s amazing! Thank you for the wonderful recipe!

  23. Pingback: Weeknight Meal Ideas - 140 Weeknight Meal Ideas - Kitchenpedia.co

  24. Pingback: 20 Weeks of More healthy Meal Concepts! 140 of my Favourite Weeknight Meals. | Rumorfacts Breaking News Updates | Latest News

  25. **Kristen Bly** -- January 2, 2019 @ 8:10 pm  Reply

This soup is delicious! I left out the pasta and added cannellini beans. I did
not add the additional water the recipe calls for. All of your recipes turn
out great! Thanks for another winner!

  26. **Lisa** -- January 13, 2019 @ 5:37 pm  Reply

Made this soup for the 2nd time tonight with a few changes. I used a
combination of low sodium chicken broth (48 oz) and vegetable broth (32 oz),
added 2 small diced zucchini, 1 lg. diced red pepper, and 1 can petite diced
tomatoes. I used fresh mini tortellinis for the pasta (family sized bag). Also
omitted ginger ( my daughter dislikes it). It came out fantastic! My husband
also said it's his favorite soup now. Thanks for the recipe! The lemon really
makes it extra special. Everyone loved It!

  27. Pingback: 20 Best Easy Chicken Soup Recipes That Will Never Fail You

  28. Pingback: These Days. - little golden age

  29. **Jacki Schreiber** -- February 19, 2019 @ 10:56 pm  Reply

Delicious. I had to adapt to the ingredients that were available. My store
didn’t have turmeric ginger bone broth. So I used regular bone broth. They
didn’t have fresh turmeric either. So I used fresh ginger (should have used
more) and dried turmeric. The recipe is really good! I used feta and cilantro
to garnish. Healthy and yum!

  30. Pingback: Lemon Chicken Soup. - little golden age

  31. Pingback: Don't Stop Believing - What I'm Into: February 2019

  32. Pingback: recipe roundup : comforting classics - carefully curated

  33. Pingback: Delicious and Easy Chicken Soups & Stews - Food Fun & Faraway Places

  34. Pingback: Summer Fridays, Vol 13. - How Sweet Eats

  35. **Amanda Materi Brown** -- November 11, 2019 @ 6:30 pm  Reply

Hmmmm. I'm super bummed to say that I made this over the weekend and it turned
out SUPER bitter…the only reason I can see is the addition of the sliced
lemons (which worried me from the beginning)…pith tends to add bitterness. I
served it to a room full of people who all unfortunately agreed that it wasn't
great due to the overwhelming bitterness. We were able to mask it with the
addition of a lot more salt and dunking some delicious rosemary bread into the
broth…but I wouldn't make this again with the sliced lemons, will only do the
zest and maybe some juice. Will keep the recipe and make again without that,
it would've been the perfect delicious soup!

  36. **Amanda Materi Brown** -- November 11, 2019 @ 6:36 pm  Reply

I'm bummed to say that I made this over the weekend and it turned out SUPER
bitter…the only reason I can see is the addition of the sliced lemons (which
worried me from the beginning)…pith tends to add bitterness. I served it to a
room full of people who all unfortunately agreed that it wasn't great due to
the overwhelming bitterness. We were able to mask it with the addition of a
lot more salt and dunking some delicious rosemary bread into the broth…but I
wouldn't make this again with the sliced lemons, will only do the zest and
maybe some juice. Will keep the recipe and make again without that, it
would've been the perfect delicious soup!

  37. Pingback: Weekly dinner menu - Everyday Reading

  38. **Tammie J.** -- January 5, 2020 @ 5:21 pm  Reply

Made this for our lunch today and it was delicious - would not change a thing!
I'll definitely make it again!

  39. **Holly** -- June 22, 2020 @ 11:26 am  Reply

It was amazing! Eating my second bowl. Even though its 90 degrees outside! I
can’t get it to pin to my Pinterest board for some reason! Help! I want to
remember this one!

  40. **Nicole** -- September 16, 2020 @ 6:41 pm  Reply

Like someone else, this soup turned out way too bitter for me. I'm not sure if
other commenters used lemons that were less pithy (the rind on mine was pretty
thick), or if they didn't cook the soup as long after adding the lemon slices,
or what. The soup was delicious while it was cooking, but by the time the
pasta was al dente (and this took fewer than 8 minutes after adding the pasta
for me), the broth was unbearably bitter. I tried to mask it with a lot of
salt, as well as a tiny bit of sugar and some milk, which helped a bit.

I'll probably try this recipe again because it was so good before the end, but
I would either add the lemon slices toward the very end (i.e. after the broth
is boiling OR even after the pasta has been cooking for several minutes),
remove the pith before slicing the lemon, or forego the lemon slices entirely
and just add juice to taste after the pasta is done.

  41. **Brandy** -- October 23, 2020 @ 8:21 am  Reply

LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this recipe! My whole family enjoyed the soup. Everyone went
back for seconds. I used Swanson chicken bone broth with Tumeric and Ginger.
Found it at Wal-Mart. Definatly making this many more times. Can't wait to eat
the leftovers!

  42. Pingback: Plans de repas: 224 de mes idées de dîner préférées - freek News

  43. Pingback: 32 Weeks of Menu Plans! That’s 224 Different Dinner Ideas For 2021! - xgirlfriend

  44. Pingback: Creamy Chicken and Orzo Soup. | bakkbenchersnetwork.com

  45. Pingback: Chicken and Orzo Soup - Creamy Chicken and Orzo Soup - !Bevy iNf!

  46. Pingback: Notes from the Week, 4.30.21 - ChicZephyr

## Content Sidebar

### Welcome!

_Hey hey! You found me._ At the corner of the internet that I've deemed
extremely self-indulgent.

More About Me »

Pinterest Facebook Instagram Twitter

### Keep in Touch

Subscribe to receive new posts via email:

**Subscribe** __

Daily

Weekly

### Order My New Book!

  
**Order Now:** Bookshop _//_ Amazon _//_ Barnes & Noble  
Target _//_ IndieBound _//_ Apple Books

### Find a Recipe:

__Submit

### Categories

Categories Select Category 12 Days of Christmas 4th of July a Week in the Life
Appetizers Baby Back To School Bacon Beans Beef Behind the Book Bowls Bread
Breakfast Brownies Burgers Cake Cheese Boards! Christmas Christmas Cocktails
Cocktails Cookies Crumbs Crushing On Cupcakes Day In The Life Dessert Dinner
Dips Drinks Easter Fall Fall Cocktails Favorites Gift Guides Gluten Free
Grilling Halloween Holidays Ice Cream Jessica's Book Club Kentucky Derby Lunch
Ideas Marinades Meatless Memorial Day Michigan Mocktails Muffins/Scones On
Blogging Pantry Meals Pasta Pie Pittsburgh Eats Pizza Pork Poultry Reading
Lists Real Life Wednesday Recipes Salads Sandwiches Seafood Sheet Pan Side
Dishes Slow Cooker Snacks Soup/Stews Spring St. Patrick's Day Summer Summer
Cocktails Summer Fridays Tacos Tex Mex Thanksgiving The Pretty Dish Book Club
Travel Tuesday Things Vegan Vegetarian Video Weeknight Meals What I Read What
to Eat This Week Winter

### Monthly Archive:

Monthly Archive: Select Month August 2022  July 2022  June 2022  May 2022
April 2022  March 2022  February 2022  January 2022  December 2021  November
2021  October 2021  September 2021  August 2021  July 2021  June 2021  May
2021  April 2021  March 2021  February 2021  January 2021  December 2020
November 2020  October 2020  September 2020  August 2020  July 2020  June 2020
May 2020  April 2020  March 2020  February 2020  January 2020  December 2019
November 2019  October 2019  September 2019  August 2019  July 2019  June 2019
May 2019  April 2019  March 2019  February 2019  January 2019  December 2018
November 2018  October 2018  September 2018  August 2018  July 2018  June 2018
May 2018  April 2018  March 2018  February 2018  January 2018  December 2017
November 2017  October 2017  September 2017  August 2017  July 2017  June 2017
May 2017  April 2017  March 2017  February 2017  January 2017  December 2016
November 2016  October 2016  September 2016  August 2016  July 2016  June 2016
May 2016  April 2016  March 2016  February 2016  January 2016  December 2015
November 2015  October 2015  September 2015  August 2015  July 2015  June 2015
May 2015  April 2015  March 2015  February 2015  January 2015  December 2014
November 2014  October 2014  September 2014  August 2014  July 2014  June 2014
May 2014  April 2014  March 2014  February 2014  January 2014  December 2013
November 2013  October 2013  September 2013  August 2013  July 2013  June 2013
May 2013  April 2013  March 2013  February 2013  January 2013  December 2012
November 2012  October 2012  September 2012  August 2012  July 2012  June 2012
May 2012  April 2012  March 2012  February 2012  January 2012  December 2011
November 2011  October 2011  September 2011  August 2011  July 2011  June 2011
May 2011  April 2011  March 2011  February 2011  January 2011  December 2010
November 2010  October 2010  September 2010  August 2010  July 2010  June 2010
May 2010  April 2010  March 2010  February 2010  January 2010  December 2009
November 2009  October 2009  September 2009

### Get _New Recipes_ via email:

Daily

Weekly

**Subscribe** __

  * ^ Back to Top
  * Home
  * About
  * FAQs
  * Contact
  * Recipes
  * Privacy Policy

(C)2022 How Sweet Eats. _Design byPurr._

__Submit

