https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/12963/greek-lemon-chicken-soup/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Soups, Stews and Chili Recipes
  4. Soup Recipes
  5. Chicken Soup Recipes
  6. Chicken and Rice Soup Recipes
  7. Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

# Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.4

595 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 402 
  * 4 star values: 127 
  * 3 star values: 35 
  * 2 star values: 19 
  * 1 star values: 12 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 595 Ratings 
  * 470 Reviews 
  * 59 Photos 

This Greek lemon chicken soup is a perfect introduction to a full Greek meal
or a hearty bowlful for a meal in itself. Serve with fresh pita triangles, and
you'll be sure to please your guests!

Recipe by Shelley Ross

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

Add Photo

Greek Lemon Chicken Soup mommy128

Greek Lemon Chicken Soup Ashley

Greek Lemon Chicken Soup Joe Walton

Greek Lemon Chicken Soup kldebord

\+ 55 55 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

25 mins

cook:

40 mins

total:

1 hr 5 mins

Servings:

16

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

16

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 16 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 8 cups chicken broth 
  * ½ cup fresh lemon juice 
  * ½ cup shredded carrots 
  * ½ cup chopped onion 
  * ½ cup chopped celery 
  * 6 tablespoons chicken soup base 
  * ¼ teaspoon ground white pepper 
  * ¼ cup margarine 
  * ¼ cup all-purpose flour 
  * 8 egg yolks 
  * 1 cup cooked white rice 
  * 1 cup diced, cooked chicken meat 
  * 16 slices lemon 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Combine chicken broth, lemon juice, carrots, onions, celery, soup base, and
white pepper in a large pot. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat
and simmer for 20 minutes.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Blend margarine and flour in a small bowl; gradually stir into soup mixture.
Simmer, stirring frequently, for 10 minutes.

  * Step 3

Meanwhile, beat egg yolks in a bowl until light in color. Gradually whisk in
some hot soup. Add egg mixture to the pot and heat through.

  * Step 4

Add rice and chicken; cook until warmed through. Ladle hot soup into bowls and
garnish with lemon slices.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

124 calories; protein 7.8g; carbohydrates 9.1g; fat 6.6g; cholesterol 110.3mg;
sodium 1236.8mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (470)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

somethingdifferentagain

Rating: 4 stars

04/12/2005

This is an excellent recipe! We have had Avegolemono (it's Greek name)many,
many times in restaurants. Our FAVORITE makes it a little less rich (less
eggs),a lot more rice and chicken, and with just-a-little thinner broth. I
will adjust this recipe to our tastes next time;but this was a wonderful
example of Greek Lemon Rice soup. Thank you so much,for the recipe! I suspect
the reviews that said it was too salty, were using 'boullion' or a brand of
soup base that was very salty. My brand soup base "Vogue" did not have a lot
of salt (I bought it at an health food store). Also, I never add the rice into
the large pot;but only in the INDIVIDUAL serving bowls; I mix it in JUST prior
to serving. It works better for leftovers;you never wind up with puffed up
rice mush this way. :)

Read More

Helpful (479)

### Most helpful critical review

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 2 stars

12/22/2002

I actually made this soup twice. I thought I must have made the recipe wrong
because it was sooooo salty and lemony. I reduced the base to 2 tbsp and the
lemon to 1/3 cup and it was still too strong for my test and I'm a salt lover.
I was very disappointed because I love the lemon chicken soup I get in
restaurants.

Read More

Helpful (51)

595 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 402 
  * 4 star values: 127 
  * 3 star values: 35 
  * 2 star values: 19 
  * 1 star values: 12 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

somethingdifferentagain

Rating: 4 stars

04/12/2005

This is an excellent recipe! We have had Avegolemono (it's Greek name)many,
many times in restaurants. Our FAVORITE makes it a little less rich (less
eggs),a lot more rice and chicken, and with just-a-little thinner broth. I
will adjust this recipe to our tastes next time;but this was a wonderful
example of Greek Lemon Rice soup. Thank you so much,for the recipe! I suspect
the reviews that said it was too salty, were using 'boullion' or a brand of
soup base that was very salty. My brand soup base "Vogue" did not have a lot
of salt (I bought it at an health food store). Also, I never add the rice into
the large pot;but only in the INDIVIDUAL serving bowls; I mix it in JUST prior
to serving. It works better for leftovers;you never wind up with puffed up
rice mush this way. :)

KIMALA

Rating: 5 stars

10/27/2006

I was only going to give this 4 stars since it was not a hit with my family,
though I loved it, and my best friend and her two kids were fighting over the
sample that I brought over to them. Alas, I finished the remains when I
returned home and decided it needs 5 stars. Made the following changes: just
used 1 1/2 TBS chicken soup base in water; eliminated the celery; sauteed
onion with 2 cloves garlic in EVOO before adding to soup; only used 2 TBS
butter & flour to make a light roux, added some broth to the roux before
adding back into soup; added 1/2 cup uncooked orzo pasta during last 10-15
mins of cooking; only used 4 egg yolks; used a roasted chicken from grocery
which I skinned, boned, and chopped before adding to soup; garnished w/ fresh,
minced parsley

Abby

Rating: 5 stars

01/17/2006

This was my first attempt at a greek dish and my fiance loved it! He is greek
and he said the recipe was perfect, just the right amount of lemon. This is a
definite keeper! I do want to mention that instead of canned chicken broth I
used real chicken broth from a whole chicken (4.25 lbs) I boiled for the
recipe. I then shredded the meat from the whole chicken to add to the soup. I
also added 2 teaspoons of Greek seasoning. Lastly, I used a full cup of the
veggies instead of the 1/2 cup it called for. Thanks!

JUMALA

Rating: 5 stars

10/14/2001

My whole family loves this soup! I modified this a little bit, though. I only
added 4 egg yolks to cut down on the fat a little bit. I also substituted orzo
pasta for the rice. I actually prefer this style chicken soup with the fresh
lemon juice over traditional chicken and dumplings. It is so easy to make,
too.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 2 stars

12/22/2002

I actually made this soup twice. I thought I must have made the recipe wrong
because it was sooooo salty and lemony. I reduced the base to 2 tbsp and the
lemon to 1/3 cup and it was still too strong for my test and I'm a salt lover.
I was very disappointed because I love the lemon chicken soup I get in
restaurants.

julesinoregon

Rating: 5 stars

10/07/2010

This soup was a huge hit at our friend's yearly Greek party. His family is
Greek, he had me add a total of about 12 lemons, he said "you just cant have
too much lemon!" The key to making it creamy is at the end. You put the hot
broth into a food processor or blender and turn it on. Add the egg/lemon juice
mixture in a slow stream to the broth and keep blending for a few minutes
until it is frothy. You would never guess there is egg in the finished
product. I LOVE this soup!

MSZABO323

Rating: 5 stars

08/15/2002

Wonderful soup! Added more chicken and rice, used only 4 egg yolks and 4 tbls
of chicken bouillon powder. Turned out GREAT!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 2 stars

12/07/2002

I normally love Greek lemon soup.......But this was SOOOOO salty!!!!! I'm not
sure if it was the type of base I used or if the recipe has a typeo when it
calls for 6 tablespoons of base. I will try this again with less base.

Andrea McKenzie Vyse

Rating: 5 stars

01/18/2009

GREAT soup! I boiled a whole chicken (about 4lbs) in stock pot. Covered in
water, added 2 stalks celery, a peeled carrot and 1/2 an onion (quartered) for
flavor. Brought to fast boil and then turned to down simmer for 2.5 hours.
Drain your stock through a colinder and let the chicken sit in the colinder
for about 10 minutes to cool. Picked chicken apart, just FELL apart, perfect!
Then shredded the chicken for soup. I did double the amount of chicken in my
soup, and still had enough chicken leftover for another pot (and enough
homemade stock to make another pot too!). I did slowly add the lemon juice,
after reading all the reviews, but did end up using the entire 1/2 cup. This
amount was perfect to my husband, but I squeezed an extra slice right on my
bowl, brought it closer to the "coney" taste I am used to. It took about 1.5
lemons for me to get the 1/2 cup of juice. Used 6 tsp of the chicken soup
base, which was perfect, not too salty at all. Also used the 4 egg yolks,
rather than 8. Did cook the rice and then just added rice to each bowl and
poured the soup over to keep from rice soaking up too much liquid. THANK YOU
to everyone who has made this and provided very vailable feedback. After
reading all the reviews and taking everything into consideration I feel like I
mastered this on the first try! This is the kind of soup I will always keep
single servings in the freezer for a cold day :)

Rachel Lehman

Rating: 4 stars

08/03/2003

Creamy and hearty, like the kind you get in a restaurant. I cut the chicken
boullion in half, and use low-sodium broth, otherwise it's too salty.

Vargo5

Rating: 4 stars

02/09/2003

I put in extra rice. And I did not think that it had too much lemon - just
right. This is a great recipe!

trotter15

Rating: 4 stars

03/12/2011

I really liked the flavor of this soup; however, I thought it was way too
salty. Typically, I am one to add salt to my food. Whereas, my boyfriend is
very sensitive to salt. I used "Better than Bouillon" chicken soup base and
knowing that is very salty (from previous recipes) I reduced the amount I used
in this recipe. Still my boyfriend had a hard time eating it even though he
enjoyed the soup. I should have reduced the number of tablespoons further. We
both ended up adding water (twice) to our individual servings and to the pot.
I think next time I will reduce the bouillon down to half or less. It was
still delicious and I will definitely make it again; however, with the
aformentioned alterations.

showgirl

Rating: 5 stars

01/30/2011

I cut the recipe in half. Did not use soup base at all. I kept the rice
separate so people could add as much or as little as they wanted. EXCELLENT!
Hit the spot, exactly what I was craving. Light, creamy, lemony, Delish. I
melted the butter before mixing with the flour and also shredded the chicken
instead of cubing. I will be making this again and again! Thank you for this
great recipe

M-B

Rating: 5 stars

10/13/2009

I use a recipe very similar to this, but I use orzo instead of rice (more
authentic). It's outstanding. You will never want to eat any other type of
chicken soup again. Serve this with a full bodied greek salad, and *wow*
you've got a winner!

GINAH1

Rating: 5 stars

01/27/2011

This was very good with some modifications. I'm very glad I read previous
reviews before I made this. I halved the egg yolks and soup base, added 1 1/2
cups of cooked orzo instead of rice and also flavored the soup with 2
teaspoons of oregano (I would recommend Greek seasoning, but I didn't have any
so the oregano worked). The recipe as written would not have been as good.
Thanks for all the suggestions. My two year olds each ate three bowls!

Grace Chang

Rating: 3 stars

11/18/2013

Darnit, second time I've done this to an otherwise perfectly good batch. It
must be noted that you pour the yolk VERY slowly into the soup, otherwise you
get an egg drop soup consistency. This should be emphasized.

adriana mooney

Rating: 5 stars

01/06/2011

excellent soup. This is one of my favorites. I added more chicken, chopped
spinach and instead of rice, Shirataki (tofu) noodles. It made it more of a
complete meal with more protein and vegetables. I was afraid of tempering the
egg, but it worked perfectly. I did use only 4 eggs and that really tasted
fine.

Alberta Rose

Rating: 4 stars

02/21/2011

I love this soup and have had it many times in Greek restaurants. I was happy
to find this recipe to try it myself, and it was just as good as any I've ever
had. I think it's important to note that I added no soup base, as I don't use
the stuff. It was more than fine without it. I cut the recipe in half as I
didn't need 16 servings. So this is where my only issue with this recipe lies.
There is no way this serves 8 when cut in half, never mind 16 when not. I
ended up adding more broth just to increase the volume. Fortunately, that
didn't dilute the flavor much and only made it a little thinner. If the
serving size had been accurate, I would have made the full recipe.

Christine1219

Rating: 4 stars

12/08/2010

I made some adjustments to this recipe: omitted carrots and celery, used 3 T
of chicken base instead of 6 T (and it was still pretty salty), used black
pepper instead of white, butter instead of margarine, orzo instead of white
rice, and 4 egg yolks instead of 8, and did not use the 16 slices of lemon. I
noticed that 1 cup of orzo was not at all enough. Next time I will add at
least 2 times the amount listed in this recipe. The soup is delicious, my
husband loved it and I would make it again.

babymama'10

Rating: 5 stars

12/03/2010

I love Greek food. I've made this soup twice only. Loved it both times. My
husband doesn't like creamy soups at all. I had a very hard time convincing
him of the fact that the soup is a flour base soup with lemon. No cream. He
liked it once he tried it. Thanks for the recipe.

Bonsai

Rating: 4 stars

11/12/2008

Great Recipe!! The only change I have made is to add more white pepper for a
little more heat as is our preferrence, and omit the flour completely. It
seemed to make it too thick and not as I remembered my Greek Grandmother used
to make. By omitting the flour, it tastes exactly like what I remember in my
youth. . . PERFECT

bubluklog

Rating: 4 stars

12/24/2010

Great chicken soup recipe! My family gobbled it up! My changes: added 2 tsp
Greek seasoning to the lemon base; and I used orzo instead of rice. This one
is a keeper! I will definitely make this again!

Aimee Sloan Marion

Rating: 5 stars

12/13/2010

I have been buying a frozen version of this soup at Costco and I am thrilled
to have found a reciptew to make it fresh and freeze myself!

NPINCEK

Rating: 4 stars

12/08/2010

This soup hit the spot and is great when you have to feed a family who is
suffering with colds. I added a cup of orzo instead of rice and used half the
eggyolks. I made the roux with butter instead of margarine because that's what
I had. We used fresh lemons and parsley from our yard. Yummy.

KLEMPERIS

Rating: 5 stars

03/09/2011

Very good, didn't use chicken base, otherwise followed a tee.

Kathy Makowski

Rating: 5 stars

09/13/2010

First time I ever made Lemon Rice Soup and we all LOVED it. I tweaked it based
on other reviewers and loved the version I came up with. I did not use
flour/butter for roux...instead added a can of cream of chicken soup and a
little cornstarch dissolved in cold water to thicken it a bit. I used orzo
instead of rice and placed the cooked orzo in individual serving bowls, then
ladled soup over. I also used 1/2 of a rotisserie chicken cut up. Great
flavor, easy recipe. Paired it with Spanakopita for an awesome dinner. =)

NJtoAL

Rating: 4 stars

12/04/2010

Can't decide whether to give it a three. It is way too lemony and salty, I
should have started with less and added more after tasting. I still feel it
needs more tweaking.

MasterGrillAZ

Rating: 4 stars

04/02/2011

Followed the directions, although I will say, the portion sizes are geared
towards this being served as a side dish and not a main meal. Might cut back a
bit on the lemon juice in the future, as it is pretty strong. Would also add
more pepper (both white and black), and I'm trying to think of a good spice to
give it a little more depth of flavor, but haven't figured out what that would
be just yet.

Skoo

Rating: 4 stars

02/21/2011

This is a truly wonderful recipe! It has a great body and richness yet is
light in flavor. I give the original recipe 4 stars since it does need a
couple changes IMO. Since I've made it 3 times now, I do have some changes
that improved it. First off- the amt of "chicken soup base" is too much for
me. Of course this will greatly depend on what brand or kind you use, but it
was too salty for me so I adjusted to 2 TBSP. I don't see how 6 TBSP of any
brand could work. I use butter instead of margarine simply because I never
have margarine in the house. And I only use 4 egg yolks. Don't be afraid of
the egg yolks, it just makes a wonderful almost-creamy full bodied soup! But I
don't think you need 8. Do be sure to temper the yolks properly or you'll end
up with scrambled eggs. I have made the rice separate and in the soup. You can
really do either, it works both ways, but is thicker when made in the soup.
When I made this last night I got oooohhhs and aaaaahs with "this is
delicious" said about 5 times. Served with warm pita and tzatziki. That was
nice for a change but it is honestly a meal in itself as well!

MARKHEISLER

Rating: 5 stars

02/03/2011

I used low-sodium chicken broth, and sodium-free soup base, it turned out
perfect!

whiteorchidbloom

Rating: 5 stars

07/11/2010

I made a few alterations but will still give this recipe 5 stars, as I feel
all recipes are merely guidelines. I used half the recipe, homemade chicken
stock, and sauteed 1/3 cup of each veggies plus a clove of garlic along with 3
oz each of raw rice and orzo in olive oil butter combo. The raw rice and orzo
eliminates the need for the roux, and the rice, as at my Greek restaurant, is
soft. I used 1 cup chicken and 3 egg yolks and I had no chicken base on hand,
but it tasted good without it and I am sure it would taste more chickeny with
it. Very easy and tasty, thick and creamy.

AmandaM

Rating: 4 stars

05/30/2010

This definitely needs less base. I used homemade (no salt) chicken broth and
only 4 Tbsp of base, and it was still almost too salty for us. Next time I'll
use 3, and if you're using commercial stock, I'd recommend using 2 and then
tasting for seasoning. I used the juice of one whole lemon, plus the zest of
half the lemon and it was perfect for our tastes. I didn't have leftover
chicken, so I just poached a chicken breast in the broth while the vegetables
were simmering for the 20 minutes. I precooked orzo pasta for this batch, but
I think next time I will just add it uncooked a few minutes after I add the
butter/flour mixture, to make this a true one pot meal. I kept everything else
the same, and although it was a touch salty, we absolutely loved it. With a
little less soup base, this is an easy 5 stars. Thank you for the recipe!

mkstevens09

Rating: 4 stars

05/09/2014

I made this a couple days ago when we really needed to go grocery shopping so
I didn't have much on hand. I did have enough to make recipe though, which was
great. I served it with some leftover naan that needed to be used up. I did
not have onion or celery (we honestly don't care for them anyway) so I used
extra carrots instead. I used the full amount of egg yolks called for. I
probably had a bit more rice than called for, as I had some leftover from a
previous dinner and I just put rice in our bowls and poured the soup over the
top. It was easy, filling, and my husband said he liked it too.

Brandy

Rating: 5 stars

04/30/2004

Definitely a typo on the "6 Tbsp" of soup base, use 6 teaspoons and this will
turn out perfect. Exactly the taste I was looking for which is just like a
authentic greek restaurant here in Chicago. It goes together so quickly, I
can't believe it is this easy to make.

Chelsea

Rating: 4 stars

10/16/2008

Although I think this recipe was a 3 star for me, Im giving it a 4 because I
might have messed it up a bit.. not sure. It was pretty salty, a little too
much for my husband. However, Im not sure if that was because I used an
already made chicken (which was probably heavily seasoned). The chicken base
probably added a lot of salt too. I might make again, but make with low sodium
ingredients. Thanks for the recipe! My son liked this soup!!

Lizzi

Rating: 5 stars

02/08/2011

This is very good. I changed it as follows: Only used 4 egg yolks (didn't like
it with 8) Used a lot less Chicken soup base - just did this to taste. I also
used some diced meat from a Lemon Pepper Rotisseree chicken which added a nice
flavor. Have made this with both white and brown rice and it was good both
ways. I also omitted the Flour / butter paste....it was thick enough without
it.

Peep

Rating: 5 stars

11/08/2010

My husband loved this soup and it was very easy to make. Only used 2 egg yolks
(it was all I had) and it turned out just fine

eliot15

Rating: 5 stars

01/06/2011

excellent choice for winter nights.

OS

Rating: 4 stars

10/13/2009

I changed it up slightly. Replaced the margarine with butter and added 2
cloves of garlic...it was delicious...eveyone loved it..no left overs!

mrscallietea

Rating: 3 stars

11/21/2010

Good recipe, although, a little too "lemony" for my hubby. I added zucchini
slices and sliced rather than shredded carrot. Halved the butter and flour,
and used couscous since I didn't have orzo on hand...just halved the amount
since the couscous swells a bit when it cooks. Enjoyed it myself though, and
it was good for the kids since they're fighting colds! Might try it again in
the summer as a light side soup. Thanx for sharing!

aspenhall

Rating: 5 stars

09/22/2008

I don't even like soup and I LOVED THIS...I only had one Tablespoon of Turkey
Soup base, so I used that and added a touch more salt. I also added cream of
chicken soup as a thickener. I'm officially addicted! While the broth was
heating up, I put a single chicken breast in the broth to cook. Then added the
veggies after a bit. I used the one chicken breast as the chopped chicken and
it was enough. I also used the full amount of lemon juice and it was the
perfect lemony flavor.

fookera

Rating: 5 stars

10/03/2010

Excellent!! I would add a bit more rice if you prefer rice in ever spoonful,
but besides that, this is amazing.

Galexa

Rating: 5 stars

11/21/2010

Truly delicious! Light and filling at the same time! My only alterations: I
used 3 tbls of soup base ("Better than Boullion" brand), 5 egg yolks, and a
little more chicken and veggies than the recipe called for. Oh yeah, and I
used wild rice instead of regular white rice. It didn't get soggy at all.
Nice. I will be making this again and again. I served with homemade hummus and
warm pita. Next time, I might use 1/3 cup lemon juice (I liked it very lemony,
but husband thought it was a little too much.)

Mpls_Heather

Rating: 5 stars

02/21/2011

My whole family loved this recipe. It has just the right amount of lemon in
it. It was just a tad salty so I may reduce the amount of chicken base next
time, but otherwise it's excellent as is!

Angela Christensen Baker

Rating: 5 stars

02/11/2010

I simplify this recipe and don't add the onion or carrots for a quick lunch,
especially if I have guests over. Love it.

trooworld

Rating: 5 stars

04/04/2011

I made homemade broth with a whole chicken (didn't add any salt in
anticipation of the too salty problem many people had...I didn't have that
problem at all) and I substituted orzo for white rice. I added 1/2 c raw orzo
when I added the butter/flour mixture. It came out great! I garnished with a
bit of feta, which really adds to the flavor.

Kellee Nelson

Rating: 5 stars

11/02/2010

This was delicious! and with some minor tweaks thanks to other reviews, it was
perfect!

Shanyn Desjardins

Rating: 5 stars

01/08/2011

I love this recipe. However I'm not a fan of the egg so I leave it out. It's
definitely better than plain old chicken soup.

Deb C

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

11/10/2011

This soup is so delicious. I made a couple of changes. First, I didn’t bother
adding the chicken base. To get the maximum flavor from the vegetables, I
sautéed them in a little butter, then mixed in the flour, and then added the
chicken broth that I had heated in the microwave. The soup came out perfect.
I’ll be making this again.

Christy Burkert Wisley

Rating: 3 stars

03/15/2012

I made this soup EXACTLY as stated. I love lemon, but thought this was too
lemony. Next time i would only use a 1/4c lemon. Plus, i don't really see that
all these egg yolks and butter really improve the taste, so i would cut that
as well. I wanted to see exactly how much better it made it with all the fat
and calories, but i wasn't impressed. I could make it much healthier with
exactly the same flavor. The lemon, chicken, and veggies is really where the
flavor comes from. The rest should be cut way down. Plus, i would add more
rice and chicken as suggested in other reviews.

nick & amber

Rating: 5 stars

08/27/2009

Being from the Detroit area, this soup is often enjoyed at our local favorite
Coney joints, and this is very comparable, if not better. We stuck to the
recipe, the only things we changed were using 1 cup uncooked rice (whatever
that equals to cooked, 3 cups, I think), and added two flattened, shredded
boneless chicken breasts. Not too salty, not too lemony. Overall, this recipe
was delicious, and a keeper. Thanks for sharing!

Natalie Hahn

Rating: 5 stars

01/29/2012

This was pretty awesome. My boys order this soup at every Greek restaurant we
go to, and they agreed this was at least as good, if not better. Made this as
the original recipe prescribed except for very minor tweaks: 1) I cooked the
onion and celery in olive oil first; 2) I didn't use the flour/margarine for
thickening as the soup didn't need it; 3) I used 8C water and 6TB chicken
base; and 4) I only used six egg yolks. Delicious.

Gator Fan

Rating: 5 stars

10/25/2010

Yummy - used Orzo instead of rice and can use 4 egg yolks - also a little
bouillon instead of soup base

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 3 stars

11/26/2002

My family didn't really like it, although I did. If you like hollendaise sauce
you will like this soup. I am glad I made it, but wished I had halved the
recipe.

L Brennan

Rating: 5 stars

03/05/2011

5 stars for an excellent base! With a few tweeks, this has a permanent place
in the weekly rotation. I add 1-2 t. greek seasoning (from McCormick) with the
first simmer. No celery for me (personal preference) and double the carrots
and onion. Chicken soup base varies, and I only need 3T. for flavor. Sub
butter for margarine. I also use 5 egg yolks and 2+ cups of rice.

Michelle Dobric Toombs

Rating: 4 stars

07/17/2009

Very good. I only gave it 4 stars because my husband felt it was too lemony. I
thought it was very good.

slowcookerdiva

Rating: 2 stars

12/07/2011

I made this and just like KerryW mentioned, it was over-the-top salty. My
husband and I tried to eat it, and it was just too much salt. Next time, I'll
either use 3-4 cups of water in place of chicken broth to balance out the salt
when adding the chicken soup base, or i'll ditch the base all together.
Otherwise, the soup came together nicely, looked just like restaurant quality,
and smelled delicious. It was just too bad we had to waste so many ingredients
because of the saltiness.

Heather

Rating: 5 stars

09/27/2009

This recipe is wonderful. I changed out the rice for dilatini pasta though
because my favorite Greek restraunt does theirs with orzo.

Charlie Brown

Rating: 3 stars

01/25/2011

Great lemon taste and consistency but too salty. Will maybe cut back on the
soup base next time.

Rhonda Wood

Rating: 5 stars

08/20/2009

I LOVED this recipe! Left out the carrots and added lemon zest, due to
personal preferences; also, I didn't have any soup base, so I added some
poultry seasoning to compensate. The only issue I had is that I had to add
quite a bit more chicken stock to keep the soup "loose". A great combination
of fresh and comforting!

YUMYUM

Rating: 3 stars

09/16/2009

As written, this soup is very very very salty! However, I think it will be
just right if I cut down on the chicken soup base and lemon juice!

Annmarie

Rating: 5 stars

05/11/2008

PERFECT! I am no where near having any cooking experience so this recipe was
perfect for me. I was dying to figure out how to make avgolemono (the Greek
name for this soup) at home and this recipe seemed the easiest, and the most
like what I'm used to. I kept everything the same except I used Orzo instead
of rice. The soup came out so creamy, tasty and wonderful, I was very
impressed with myself! I can't wait to have my husband taste it (he's a chef)
hopefully he'll be impressed but I'm sure he will be-this came out great!

T Bradley

Rating: 5 stars

03/17/2012

I followed ideas from reviewer # 3. Tastes just like Daphne's restaurant soup!
Tried many times this is the closest copy w changes.

darwin67

Rating: 5 stars

05/13/2010

We had this soup once in our local greek resturaunt and loved it. I've been
hoping I could find a similar recipe and was thrilled to find this variation
which I love even more. I varied the recipe a bit by reducing the soup base to
4T and also added an extra 1/4c. each of the vegetables to make the soup a bit
heartier. The recipe recieved 5 stars all around from my entire family of
picky eaters.

FAIRUZAH

Rating: 4 stars

01/26/2002

I am in love with this soup!! The flavour was awesome for me, very lemony
without being sour. My husband didn't like the lemon taste so much, but to bad
for him! He's allergic to rice, so I substituted orzo pasta and some barley
for the rice, which turned out great.

jenny davis

Rating: 5 stars

09/19/2012

This was fantastic--at least as good as that which i had in my favorite greek
restaurant last week. i added an entire head of minced garlic and sauteed all
the vegetables to tender in olive oil before adding all the other ingredients.
i did not use the soup base as i don't have it and don't use it in order to
decrease the Na+. the lemon and salt flavors were just perfect. I followed the
advice of other reviewers and added the rice to individual bowls of soup.
Also, used cornstarch instead of flour because my husband has gluten
sensitivity. Use half the amount of cornstarch as you would flour. Always
substitute butter for margarine to avoid TFAs. This soup is perfect.

CRAWDAD

Rating: 5 stars

12/12/2004

I made this to accompany a baked chicken dinner. It is delicious, but I did
make a couple of slight changes. The amount of soup base appeared to be too
much. I added some and stopped when it fit my taste. Same was true of the
amount of lemon juice. I started with 1/4 cup and went from there.

RALWATTAR

Rating: 5 stars

12/09/2006

I LOVE this soup. I did leave out the celery (personal preference) and the
chicken soup base. I replaced the broth with water + 8 cubes chicken bouillion
(1 cube/cup water). I added extra lemon juice and it turned out delicious--
perfect lemon flavor and not salty at all.

Ashley

Rating: 5 stars

04/18/2021

This comes out very velvety and lemony. Careful on the amount of lemon juice
if you don’t want it to taste strong. I love the lemon flavor but you can add
more at any point to get it to your desire taste.

CANCERFREE

Rating: 5 stars

10/12/2009

Another winner. I do use potato starch instead of cornstarch to thicken but it
is great! I've made it a half dozen times since Spring and eveyone who has had
it, loves it too

Noangel

Rating: 1 stars

06/30/2012

I didn't car for this at all.

Scotdog

Rating: 5 stars

11/14/2011

I love this. It was out of my comfort zone with the egg yolks, but it was
actually really easy. I halved the recipe, made my own chicken stock. Subbed
bell pepper for celery (since I didn't have any). We eat low salt so I just
added about a teaspoon on tones chicken base. I just used one lemon, but it
was very juicy. I used more White Pepper because I love it & added fresh
garlic & a some fish rub seasoning that I make. I only used 2 yolks, and less
of the flour butter mixture - I tend to like more of a brothy soup than a
creamy one. Since I'm the only one eating it, I just added the rice to my
bowl. I'll eat the rest tomorrow for lunch & add rice at that time. Really
filling, different & tasty! Thanks for sharing the recipe.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

01/23/2003

This is a very good soup if you follow the suggestions posted by the
reviewers. I did just that and it made a wonderful meal for my family. I
didn't use the soup base, but I did add more rice and chicken. I also used
less lemon and seasoned the soup with a lemon pepper blend to round out the
flavor. Next time I make this satisfying soup, I will use less egg (4 eggs
could work well) and I might add more carrots/celery/onion. Another note, I am
used to heating the roux and mirepoix, then adding the stock and heating to a
boil (not heating the stock/mirepoix, then adding flour and butter later).
This is how I prepared my soup and i had great results!

laurie

Rating: 5 stars

10/13/2009

A little less lemon, says Soleil

maddybw

Rating: 5 stars

12/04/2011

I absolutely love this soup! i have made it so many times! I don't put as much
soup base in it though. I add about half or 1/4 of the soup base so its not
too salty. Some think it is too lemony, but i think it is just right. This is
most definitely my favorite soup!

Flo

Rating: 3 stars

04/19/2012

Mmmm-mm! Yummy! I'm not really a fan of soups, but this one was great. I left
out the soup base completely, and the flour, and I also reduced the number of
egg yolks to 5. I noticed that some reviewers had trouble with the saltiness
of the soup. Here's what you could do : peel a potato, cut it into large
pieces and then put it in the food, letting it simmer for about 10-15 minutes.
Remove the potato(es) and taste. If it's still too salty, repeat. Hope this
helps!

Leslie Rush

Rating: 5 stars

12/15/2008

This is so delicious. I have made it several times now, and we seldom have
left overs, although they are just as good the next day if you're lucky enough
to have them. This is the only chicken soup I make now. Great recipe, thanks.

Liat

Rating: 5 stars

05/16/2010

This recipe turned out really well with simple uncooked chicken that
eventually makes it's own broth and adds a real chicken flavor, this way u can
avoid processed bases that make it too salty, I added the chicken at the
begining and didn't need chicken broth or base, just some salt later on. I
would next time try only 4 eggs for a healthier version, even though I do love
the richness and consistency I ended up with, also I liked the idea to add the
rice in later for better leftover serving. All

Christine Peters

Rating: 5 stars

08/07/2011

I made this for the first time today and it turned out GREAT! I did not have
any fresh lemons but used lemon juice instead, and as per other reviews I only
used 4 egg yokes. I added leftover chicken and put white rice in bowls and
poured soup over....Perfect! My teenage sons thought it was a nice light soup
on a hot day. It does have a strong lemon flavor but we enjoyed it very much!

cassis

Rating: 4 stars

07/31/2013

I made this the other night. I gave it 4 stars because I did make a few
changes to the recipe. I took the advice of a previous review about blending
the soup while adding the egg yolk to it - wow, just wow. The consistency of
the soup was dead on delicious. Whenever I have this soup, there are not other
veggies in it so I wanted to keep close to its roots of the soup because my
boyfriend is from the Mediterranean. This is how I made the soup - the only
vegetables I used was garlic and onion. I sautéed the onion and garlic first,
added said ingredients together and threw the cooked onion/garlic in the soup.
For this particular soup, the more lemon the better. I used 8 organic lemons.
I used white and black pepper. Added the butter/flour mixture into the soup
and then put it in the blender. While blending the soup, I slowly added the
egg yolk into it. After that, I put the soup back on the stove, heated it
through (you will see a beautiful froth on top at this point). I shredded a
lemon pepper rotisserie chicken, threw it in the soup. I made the orzo
separately and platted it in the bowl and poured the soup right on top.

vanessa

Rating: 5 stars

01/24/2010

this was very good. i cut the eggs in half (4 yolks instead of 8), used only 2
tablespoons of chicken stock (would have been entirely too salty otherwise
without low sodium stock), 2 tbsp of margarine and 2 tbsp of flour mixed with
a bit of the soup broth as the thickener, boiled a whole chicken and used the
broth from that, used the boiled chicken in the soup, put rice in the bowls
before adding the soup so as to not end up with rice mush, all as per other
users suggestions. i didnt find the soup too lemony or salty. i did use a bit
more celery and carrots than the recipe called for, it was perfect. will be
making again.

Laurie

Rating: 1 stars

09/03/2009

Followed the recipe to a T, so salty. I'm not sure why.

Leslie Rush

Rating: 5 stars

12/15/2008

This is so delicious. I have made it several times now, and we seldom have
left overs, although they are just as good the next day if you're lucky enough
to have them. This is the only chicken soup I make now. Great recipe, thanks.

Cablesmom

Rating: 4 stars

02/04/2012

This could have been five stars if I had read the comments about cutting the
soup base in half. As written it is way to salty.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

11/16/2002

Love the tart zippy flavor that lemon adds to this chicken soup. What a super
combo! My husband and three children raved about this soup!

JOAN2005

Rating: 5 stars

01/16/2006

We are soup lovers.... especially during the cold months. We've got a bunch of
regular soup recipes that we rotate.This soup rated at the top and will be
added as one of our regulars. I made the "chicken soup base" from homemade
turkey soup. Used at least 10 cups of broth from chicken bouillon. Used whole
eggs rather than just yolks. On the side I made carolina enriched rice adding
salt and butter to it. Did as others suggested and added a nice heap of rice
to bowl then added soup on top. Wow!!!!

sixkyej

Rating: 4 stars

04/22/2008

I followed the advice of others, but I think I should of stuck with the
original recipe. I halved the recipe, doubled the veggies, chicken, and rice,
only added half the egg yolks, halved the roux. Didn't use any chicken base or
celery (didn't have any on hand). Mine came out supper thick. I think I see
the point of adding pre-cooked rice at the end instead of adding it in the
beginning, because it soaked up a lot of the liquid. This could of also been
because I added more rice and the type I used (calrose), but I think some
would still be absorbed anyway. The flavor was very nice. Can't wait to try
this again, except with the original amounts.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

03/04/2002

Very good but a bit too heavy on the lemon flavor. Next time I would add less
lemon juice....the smell was overpowering.

cyndi_bear

Rating: 5 stars

05/31/2009

ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS!! I made this soup exact to the recipe and it was voted
the best dish at the gathering I took it too. It tastes like a soup you would
find at an elegant restaurant rather than something made in a common kitchen.
When making this soup, do not make changes to the recipe. You will find it is
a perfect balance of salt and lemon. Also, the amount of egg yolks determine
the smooth consistency and rich flavor. It was just as delicious the next day
warmed up. Thankyou for this recipe!!

luvz2cook

Rating: 5 stars

07/18/2010

first time I made this soup, everyone loved it!!!!! nice and refreshing
flavours... awesome!!!

Erin Ryan

Rating: 5 stars

06/20/2009

This is the second time I've made this soup, the first time I followed the
recipe exactly, and my family and I liked it BUT it was very salty and too
chunky. So this time I tweaked it slightly. I used half a bullion cube in
place of the chicken soup base. I also used orzo in place of rice, and omitted
the celery. With the celery, onion and carrots it makes the soup too "chunky"
but other than that it is a wonderful recipe.

PATTY22

Rating: 5 stars

05/10/2002

We loved it! I doubled the chicken and rice.

Andrea

Rating: 5 stars

03/15/2012

Absolutely delicious. This is exactly what I wanted -- just like the homemade
soup served in Greek family restaurants in the Chicago area. I did add a bit
of heavy cream at the end because I like a creamier soup. Otherwise, followed
the recipe exactly.

Carol

Rating: 5 stars

03/23/2011

I make this soup at least once a month. We cannot get enough of it. It is very
easy and quick to make and ike most soups, it tastes even better the next day.
The only adjustments I make are I start with 1/4 C lemon juice and cut the
chicken base to 4 TBLS and I add cornstarch to thicken it instead of the
flour. We do not even add the rice. It is great on its own!

WillowTree

Rating: 5 stars

11/02/2008

Super good soup. I was looking for a recipe that would taste like the soup I
had in a restaurant, and this was it. I did take others suggestions and use
only 4 egg yolks and cut back on the soup starter a bit. Delicious!!!

CplJT2105

Rating: 5 stars

04/08/2020

This was amazing! My wife and I discovered this soup in a local Pittsburgh
restaurant. I followed the other advice and cut the chicken soup base in half
and it was PERFECT. Make this!

krystal_skyi

Rating: 5 stars

01/16/2013

wow, what a great recipe. It takes some time, but it makes so much which is
great cuz...I'll eat every last drop. I got stuck on eating this from Greek
restaurant here in California. This restaurant has there carrots,celery,onions
and chicken minces so I used my magic bullet to get that effect, I also use
arborio rice which, gives it a creamer texture and a much smooth taste in your
soup if you like a nice cream soup, not that this isn't already. For folks
that feel that it was to salty, I say chicken base is already super salty (as
are most soups) so maybe adjust it there. I used 2 different types of chicken
base for my soup. Knorr and Herbox by Hormel..there super-duper-salty but, I
used the amount the recipe called for and I found it a tad.. just a tad salty
but still yummy. Also, I used Organic chicken broth. The only thing I will
change next time I make this I will use only 6 eggs yolks cuz, I could smell
the egg in the soup a bit and I'm not a fan of eggs.. but it didn't prevent me
from eating it at all.

decoRate

Rating: 5 stars

01/11/2012

This flavorful soup is adaptable and easy to prepare. My version was short
about 2 tbsp. of soup base and 4 eggs and included a bowlful of leftover
cooked rice (@ 4 cups) and shredded chicken from two pieces of a kabob. Topped
with fresh snipped parsley. Even with the modifications the soup was thick,
rich, creamy and delicious. Loved it!

reinvintage

Rating: 4 stars

11/15/2006

I too liked this recipe, although I agree that it is too salty. Cutting the
soup base by at least a third should help. I also added more lemon juice,
checken and rice. A proven crowd pleaser.

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

##  All Reviews for Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

Servings Per Recipe: 16  
Calories: 124.1  

% Daily Value *

protein:  7.8g  16 %

carbohydrates:  9.1g  3 %

dietary fiber:  1.1g  4 %

sugars:  1.7g

fat:  6.6g  10 %

saturated fat:  1.7g  9 %

cholesterol:  110.3mg  37 %

vitamin a iu:  845.7IU  17 %

niacin equivalents:  3.7mg  29 %

vitamin b6:  0.1mg  8 %

vitamin c:  14.6mg  24 %

folate:  29mcg  7 %

calcium:  33.7mg  3 %

iron:  1mg  5 %

magnesium:  8.8mg  3 %

potassium:  197mg  6 %

sodium:  1236.8mg  50 %

thiamin:  0.1mg  7 %

calories from fat:  59.3

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 470

Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

1 of 59 Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

mommy128

Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

2 of 59 Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

Ashley

Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

3 of 59 Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

Joe Walton

Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

4 of 59 Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

kldebord

Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

5 of 59 Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

Heather Ulle

Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

6 of 59 Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

meagan

Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

7 of 59 Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

Renee Rizzo

Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

8 of 59 Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

Krystal Lynn DuBois

Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

9 of 59 Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

Nicole Coromilas

Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

10 of 59 Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

catcatgram

Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

11 of 59 Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

crockpotmama

Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

12 of 59 Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

Heidi Flack

Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

13 of 59 Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

Julie Rodriguez

Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

14 of 59 Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

Tracy Beggs

Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

15 of 59 Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

SaraE

Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

16 of 59 Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

Gwen Hall

Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

17 of 59 Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

ashes

Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

18 of 59 Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

Rocio Chapa

Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

19 of 59 Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

Jen L G

Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

20 of 59 Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

Rosemarie Yandoli-Smith

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Greek Lemon Chicken Soup to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

