https://www.aspicyperspective.com/greek-lemon-chicken-soup/


Skip to Main Content

__Submit

____

  * Home
  * About
    * About Sommer
    * Contact
    * Work With Us
    * New Email Series: Top 5 Chef Secrets
  * Recipe Index
    * Beverages
    * Breakfast
    * Dessert
      * Cakes & Pies
      * Cookies & Bars
      * Custards & Puddings
      * Frozen Treats
      * Miscellaneous Sweets
    * Healthy Recipes
      * Gluten Free
      * Low Carb & Keto
      * Mediterranean Diet
      * Paleo & Whole 30
      * Plant-Based
      * Vegetarian
      * Whole Foods
    * Holiday
      * New Year
      * Valentines Day
      * St. Patricks Day
      * Easter
      * Cinco De Mayo
      * July 4th
      * Halloween
      * Thanksgiving
      * Christmas
    * Main Dish
      * Dinner Party
      * World Flavors
      * Home Cookin'
      * One Pan Recipes
      * Pasta
      * Sandwiches
      * Slow Cooker
      * Soup & Salad
    * Side Dishes
      * Bread
      * Side Dishes
      * Condiments
      * Soup
      * Salad
    * Starters
      * Finger Foods
      * Dips & Spreads
    * Themed Recipe Collections
    * Retro Recipes
  * Travel
  * How To
    * Cooking 101
    * Tutorials
    * 5 Minute Fix
  * Odds & Ends
    * Asheville
    * Home Projects
    * Health & Fitness
    * Gardening
  * eCookbooks
  * Business and Media

__________

  * Home
  * About
    * About
    * Contact
  * Recipe Index
  * Travel
  * Odds & Ends
    * Gardening
    * Home Projects
    * I ♥ Asheville
    * Health & Fitness
    * Recipe Collections
    * Retro Recipes
  * How To
    * How To
    * Cooking 101
    * 5 Minute Fix
  * eCookbooks
  * Work With Us
  * Free Email Series

__Submit

__________

  * Browse Recipes
  * By Ingredient
    * Chicken
    * Pasta
    * Chocolate
    * Beef
    * More »
  * Beverages
  * Breakfast
  * Dessert
    * Cakes & Pies
    * Cookies & Bars
    * Crafty Creations
    * Custards & Puddings
    * Frozen Treats
  * Healthy
    * Gluten Free
    * Low Carb & Keto
    * Mediterranean Diet
    * Paleo & Whole 30
    * Plant-Based
    * Vegetarian & Vegan
    * Whole Foods
  * Holiday
    * New Year
    * Valentines Day
    * St. Patricks Day
    * Easter
    * Cinco De Mayo
    * July 4th
    * Halloween
    * Thanksgiving
    * Christmas
  * Main Dish
    * Dinner Party
    * Global Flavors
    * Home Cookin'
    * Pasta
    * One Pan Recipes
    * Sandwiches
    * Slow Cooker
    * Soup & Salad
  * Side Dishes
    * Bread
    * Condiments
    * Salad
    * Side Dishes
    * Soup
  * Starters
    * Dips & Spreads
    * Finger Foods

Home » Main Dish » Soup & Salad » Soup » **Greek Lemon Chicken Soup**

# Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

Jump to Recipe

4.91

stars __ 30 mins

__Soup

_**Greek Lemon Chicken Soup** **Recipe:** A great way to warm your belly on
cool autumn evenings! A light and healthy recipe with bold Greek flavors._

  

## Chicken Soup and Perseverance

Every time I make soup I start thinking about childhood and family placement.
With just two babies, I obviously have an oldest child and a youngest child…
the responsible independent one, and the cuddly cling-on who likes to have
things done _for_ him.

Watching them makes me think back to an important lesson I learned as a child,
being the fourth out of five kids in the family.

I always considered myself _very average_. In my mind, my oldest brother was
"the smart one," my older sister was "the artist," my other brother was "the
popular athlete," and my younger sister was the "cute trouble maker."

I, however, didn't have a _thing_ … a method for drawing attention and gaining
acceptance. I wasn't the smartest, most attractive, or most talented. So I
spent a better part of my formative years being very shy and self conscious.

Before you start feeling sorry for me, let me state, I believe this did me a
lot of good.

I remember as a teenager determining one day that since I didn't seem to excel
in anything particular, if I wanted something, I was just going to work harder
for it than anyone else. Instead of letting this thought defeat me, I decided
to take it as a personal challenge.

**I decided.**

Since I didn't have an obvious "I should do this, instead of that." feeling
based on my shining attributes, I was forced to make a clear line-in-the-sand
decision to go after my dreams regardless. I would have to study harder,
practice harder in after school activities, and not rely on my looks to get me
by. (I wasn't a complete ugly duckling, but still.)

I also discovered I didn't have to be the _best_ at anything. Being the best
is overrated. I just had to be _good enough_ to get me where I wanted to go. I
learned to persevere. And just as important, I learned to stop comparing
myself to everyone around me, and stop worrying about what people would think
when I made decisions. Two lessons that have had a huge impact on my life.

In other words, feeling average helped me develop character. Possibly earlier
than I might have otherwise.

Perseverance has been more than a friend over the years. It has helped me push
through the rough moments in life, let go of fear, set goals and reach them,
lift those around me, and believe that I _truly_ can do anything I set my mind
to… As long as I want it bad enough and refuse to give up.

When I look at my two babies, I don't hope for child prodigies, super models,
or Rhodes scholars.

Instead I pray for kids that are forced to learn problem solving skills. Kids
that choose friends based on kindness and integrity, instead of appearance and
popularity. And above all, kids who will rise above their circumstances, no
matter what it takes.

## Greek Lemon Chicken Soup Recipe

How does this have anything to do with today's **Greek Lemon Chicken Soup
Recipe**?

Well, it doesn't really.

It's just a soup recipe my two sweet babies love. **This Greek Lemon Chicken
Soup is cozy, healthy, and loaded with Greek flavors like garlic, earthy olive
oil, and feta cheese**. The little orbs of pearl couscous and morsels of
cheese swirl to the surface with every spoonful. A sight that lifts the spirit
and warms the belly.

This is the kind of chicken soup recipe I make my kids when they come home
worn from a long day at school. Sometimes their stories are filled with joy
and excitement. Some days they are teary recollections insecurity and defeat.

I always remind them that this day was just a small step on a long journey.
The important thing is to keep taking those steps forward, no matter how hard
it seems. Good things are ahead if you don't give up.

Then I give them a warm bowl of chicken soup.

## How to Make Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

This recipe is pretty straight forward and simple to make so enjoy!

  1. Simply **sauté the onion** and **minced garlic** for 3-4 minutes to soften.
  2. Add the **chicken broth, raw chicken breasts, lemon zest,** and **crushed red pepper** to the pot. Raise the heat to high, cover, and bring to a boil. Once boiling, reduce the heat to medium, then simmer for 5 minutes.
  3. Stir in the **couscous, salt, and black pepper** to taste. Simmer another 5 minutes. Then turn the heat off.
  4. **Remove the two chicken breasts** from the pot and **shred the chicken.** Then place it back in the pot. **Stir in the crumbled feta cheese** and **chopped chive.**
  5. Taste then **salt and pepper as needed**. Serve warm.

> ## Check the Recipe Card to Learn How to Make Greek Lemon Chicken Soup!

### Other Chicken Soup Recipes You Will Love

  * Chicken Detox Soup
  * Classic Chicken Noodle Soup
  * Creamy Parmesan Chicken and Rice Soup
  * Italian Chicken Orzo Soup
  * Chimichurri Chicken Lentil Soup
  * Healthy Chicken White Bean Soup
  * Lean Green Chicken Soup
  * Spicy Thai Chicken Soup
  * Chicken Barely and Kale Soup
  * Slow Cooker Chicken Enchilada Soup
  * Slow Cooker Chicken Ramen Noodles
  * Chinese Hot Pots
  * Healthy Italian Wedding Soup
  * Vietnamese Chicken Pho (Low Carb)
  * Southwest Detox Soup
  * Green Curry Chicken Soup
  * Creamy Lemon Chicken Soup with Spinach
  * Slow Cooker Buffalo Chicken Soup
  * Famous Chicken Tortilla Soup
  * Chicken and Dumplings Soup
  * Chicken Minestrone Soup
  * Creamy Chicken Tortellini Soup
  * Low Carb Creamy Chicken Mushroom Soup
  * Skinny Chicken Fajita Soup
  * Skinny Creamy Chicken Broccoli Soup
  * Chicken Cacciatore Soup

### More Tantalizing Greek Recipes

  * Citrus Greek Chicken from Oh My Basil
  * Greek Tacos from Taste and Tell
  * Greek Meatballs in Lemon Sauce from The View From Great Island
  * Greek Turkey Rice & Feta Casserole from Cookin' Canuck

Print Recipe

4.91 from 254 votes

Leave a Review »

## Greek Lemon Chicken Soup

Prep Time: 10 minutes

Cook Time: 20 minutes

Total Time: 30 minutes

Greek Lemon Chicken Soup Recipe \- a great way to warm your belly on cool
autumn evenings! A light and healthy recipe with bold Greek flavors.

Servings: 8

### Ingredients

US Customary \- Metric

  * 10 cups chicken broth
  * 3 tablespoon olive oil
  * 8 cloves garlic, minced
  * 1 sweet onion
  * 1 large lemon, zested
  * 2 boneless skinless chicken breasts
  * 1 cup Israeli couscous (pearl)
  * 1/2 teaspoons crushed red pepper
  * 2 ounces crumbled feta
  * 1/3 cup chopped chive
  * Salt and pepper

### Instructions

  * Place the olive oil in a large 6-8 quart sauce pot over medium-low heat. Peel the onion. Then quarter it and slice into thin strips. Once the oil is hot, saute the onion and minced garlic for 3-4 minutes to soften.

  * Add the chicken broth, raw chicken breasts, lemon zest, and crushed red pepper to the pot. Raise the heat to high, cover, and bring to a boil. Once boiling, reduce the heat to medium, then simmer for 5 minutes.

  * Stir in the couscous, 1 teaspoon salt, and black pepper to taste. Simmer another 5 minutes. Then turn the heat off.

  * Using tongs, remove the two chicken breasts from the pot. Use a fork and the tongs to shred the chicken. Then place it back in the pot. Stir in the crumbled feta cheese and chopped chive. Taste and salt and pepper as needed. Serve warm.

### Video

### Nutrition

Serving: 2cups, Calories: 214kcal, Carbohydrates: 23g, Protein: 11g, Fat: 8g,
Saturated Fat: 2g, Cholesterol: 24mg, Sodium: 1195mg, Potassium: 459mg, Fiber:
1g, Sugar: 2g, Vitamin A: 150IU, Vitamin C: 31.9mg, Calcium: 78mg, Iron: 1.3mg

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Greek

Author: Sommer Collier

_Making this recipe?_ Follow us on Instagram and tag @ASpicyPerspective so we
can share what you’re cooking!

Share This Recipe With Friends!

  * Share
  * Pin
  * Twitter
  * Email

Healthy Recipes Soup Soup & Salad Whole Foods World Flavors

__September 28, 2019

### 5 SECRETS EVERY CHEF SHOULD KNOW

 **NEW! FREE EMAIL SERIES**  
My fav tips to make you a better cook...right now!

_« Previous Post_Confetti Quinoa Stuffed Chicken

_Next Post »_ _Top 30 Apple Recipes for Apple Season

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Did you make this recipe? Rate it! Did you make this recipe? Rate it!  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Your email will not be published or shared.  
_By commenting I offer my full consent to theprivacy policy of A Spicy
Perspective._

Δ

###  377 comments on "Greek Lemon Chicken Soup"

  1. Pingback: What To Serve With Greek Lemon Rice Soup? - Food & Drink

  2. Pingback: Why Lemon Juice In Chicken Noodle Soup? - Food & Drink

  3. **Dianne Holliday** -- June 3, 2022 @ 6:19 pm  Reply

I’ve been making this fabulous soup for years and my entire family including
little grandchildren 5 & 3 years old loves it!! I’m making it right now.
Someone suggested adding spinach and that sounds delicious! too!!

  4. **Ronald Ison** -- May 30, 2022 @ 9:59 pm  Reply

Chicken soup is my favourite food. With greek lemon it's increase the taste. I
apply your recipe in my kitchen tomorrow. Thanks

  5. **Damla** -- May 26, 2022 @ 7:51 am  Reply

I literally followed every step and made this soup and I will say that this
made my day. After trying this recipe I am addicted to this soup. Your
instructions are so easy and the recipe is so delicious. Thank you! Lots of
love to you.

  6. Pingback: 19 Popular Greek Appetizers - IzzyCooking

  7. **Janet Hanson** -- April 26, 2022 @ 7:55 am  Reply

I made this soup and my husband absolutely loved it. I started it with broth
and chicken made in my pressure cooker and only added 32 oz of commercial
broth. I also added a few more veggies, mostly carrots and celery but would
also consider some spinach. I used the juice of the lemon along with the zest.
I would not have guessed that just two ounces of feta could add so much to the
soup. Great soup for a spring evening.

  8. Pingback: 20 Easy Greek Side Dishes - IzzyCooking

  9. **Darla** -- March 7, 2022 @ 3:37 pm  Reply

One of my favorite soups!

  10. **Jane** -- February 12, 2022 @ 8:12 pm  Reply

I can't tell you how many times I have made this recipe. So easy and so
delicious. Quick to make - one of very few soups that don't need to cook
forever. One of my go-to recipes.

  11. **Zabrina** -- February 6, 2022 @ 8:35 pm  Reply

This was delicious. Added cilantro and didn't have a zester so just cut the
lemon skin from half a lemon in. Then threw the half right into the soup. Tip:
Use a meyer lemon so its sweeter and not too sour/bitter! Rplaced couscous
with grits. Add some goat and blue cheese. Perfect!

  12. **Yvette** -- February 3, 2022 @ 1:13 pm  Reply

This is a delicious soup. The flavors with the onions, couscous, lemon zest
and garlic give a light soup.

  13. **Michele** -- January 30, 2022 @ 11:58 am  Reply

Just found this recipe on Pinterest two days ago. Made it this. The only
Chandra I made were based on a couple other replies. I did add the lemon juice
from the lemon (because I didn’t want to waste it) and I added a small
container of fresh spinach (just because I love spinach) and I added
cauliflower rice per Heathers suggestion. Sneaking more veggies into my
husband! This soup is so amazing! Thank you for sharing and I am only sorry it
took me so long to find it!

  14. **Heidi** -- January 21, 2022 @ 9:06 pm  Reply

Yummy! It was my husband's birthday but he was sick (tho not too sick to enjoy
delicious food!) and he had requested Greek lemon chicken soup. But no Greek
restaurants close by enough to deliver. Soon, I decided to google a recipe for
it and found this. Only thing I didn't get was what you do with the lemon
after zesting it. Never says to add lemon juice. But I checked other recipes
and saw that most call for lemon juice. So I added it. Glad I did. Also used
rotisserie chicken. Could not find "isreali couscous" but found one called
"near east" with garlic and olive oil. It worked. What do you say about adding
the juice of the zested lemon? And, any recommendations on chicken broth? What
kind? One last thing: just my husband and me. No room for leftovers….so I made
1/4 of the recipe. Worked great!!!

  15. **Melissa** -- December 12, 2021 @ 6:57 pm  Reply

I loved this soup, I just making and finishing a bowl. This recipe is perfect,
easy and quick. best to heat the body during cold winter days. Thanks for
sharing!

  16. **Brian Grosz** -- November 14, 2021 @ 4:47 pm  Reply

I love this soup. Of course, I made a few slight modifications. I added a cup
of matchstick carrots, a teaspoon of vinegar, 1/4 teaspoon of oregano, mint
and dill. Towards the end of cooking, I floated a Tablespoon of olive oil.

It will be my go to chicken soup.

  17. **Robert** -- November 11, 2021 @ 7:34 pm  Reply

Is the couscous supposed to be cooked up ahead of time or uncooked?

    * **Sommer Collier** -- November 19, 2021 @ 5:15 pm  Reply

Hi Robert!

Add it to the soup uncooked, and it will cook in the broth. :)

  18. **April** -- November 2, 2021 @ 7:29 pm  Reply

I LOVED this soup!! It was citrusy and flavourful and light! I substituted the
pearl couscous for small alphabet pasta, used a precooked rotisserie chicken
for ease and threw in some sliced shiitakes and I enjoyed it so so much!
Definitely a must try.

  19. **Alexandra** -- November 2, 2021 @ 3:15 pm  Reply

This is so easy and so delicious!! Going to make it for the 2nd time tonight

  20. Pingback: Greek lemon chicken soup recipe and amazing tips for cooking! - foodrecipesblogs

  21. **Aubrey** -- October 16, 2021 @ 1:20 pm  Reply

Holy cow I love this soup!!! The flavors are perfect and it was super easy to
make. Adding this to my meal prep soup rotation. Thank you!!!

  22. Pingback: Easy Greek Lemon Chicken Soup Recipe - Daydream believer

  23. Pingback: 13 Recipes That Will Upgrade Your Midday Menu | HealthyRecipes.ExtremeFatloss

  24. Pingback: Japanese Clear Onion Soup - My Roi List

  25. Pingback: 16 Best Greek Foods to Try - IzzyCooking

  26. **Jodi** -- May 27, 2021 @ 4:28 am  Reply

This is my teenage son's favourite soup. Thank you so much!

  27. **Stéphanie Gleason** -- March 16, 2021 @ 7:29 am  Reply

I’m not commenting on the recipe although I’m making it tonight but on what
you wrote above the recipe. It so resonated with me. So many parents put
emphasis on their kid’s performances and the average kids are left to wonder
if they’re good enough. I have two kids also: one who is above average
academically and one who is average feeling inadequate trying to feel his
sister’s boots. It breaks my heart because he’s such a great, kind, funny and
compassionate kid that could do anything if he believed in himself. I will
read him what you wrote, you are 100% right! Thank you!

  28. **Stephanie** -- February 20, 2021 @ 9:41 am  Reply

This has been a favorite- as written- for years. But my daughter became a
vegetarian! I’ve stumbled through adjustments to make her a separate pot
without chicken. But a vegetarian version would be a great recipe!

    * **Heather** -- February 22, 2021 @ 7:06 pm  Reply

I’m sure tofu would be good instead of chicken. I also put riced cauliflower
instead of couscous

    * **Avolyn** -- April 19, 2021 @ 2:53 am  Reply

Gardein makes chick'n strips that are so close to the texture of actual
chicken that when a local Indian restaurant served them, I honestly struggled
to tell if I was eating chicken or not. I'd just replace the chicken broth
with vegetable or mushroom broth.

  29. **Jeff** -- January 30, 2021 @ 5:25 pm  Reply

Delicious! Followed directions and it turned out perfect. Thank you.

  30. **Natalie Mingura** -- January 10, 2021 @ 9:09 pm  Reply

This was so yummy!!!! Simple, healthy and delicious! IU added chopped carrots
and celery to the onion base and it was great!

  31. **NANCY** -- January 6, 2021 @ 2:40 pm  Reply

Delicious!  
I am in Awe with this soup. I just finish making and finished having a bowl.
Super easy and quick. Very conforting during cold winter days. Thanks for
sharing! I will definatly keep this receipe safely :)

  32. **Emily** -- January 6, 2021 @ 12:49 pm  Reply

Soup has good flavor but next time I make it, I will not boil the chicken. I
will pressure cook it or use a rotisserie chicken. Maybe my breasts were too
large but I think the outside was overcooked before the inside was done. The
texture is very woody. I'd also say to definitely add some of the lemon juice
as well but that is my preference.

    * **Brown Bagger Bakery** -- September 26, 2021 @ 10:46 am  Reply

haven't made this recipe yet, but commenting because your term "woody"
compelled me to let you know about Woodsy Breast, it happens with chicken
breasts sometimes, I've had it happen with both fresh and frozen chicken, i
was completely confused how it was happening across recipes so much, until i
found the cause! I've yet to find a way to detect it before cooking, so I've
had to throw away a lot of chicken as this makes it inedible. just so you
know, it likely wasn't you or the recipe, I'd definitely try rotisserie though
it may make it saltier, or just pressure cooking as you also mentioned.

have a wonderful day! hope this helps!

  33. **Joanna** -- December 19, 2020 @ 1:27 pm  Reply

Yes I made this! I’m very happy. It was delicious! I made some changes and
additions - used chicken from a rotisserie chicken plus cooked 1/2 cup chopped
celery with onion. After simmering with lemon zest I added the chicken and
feta and stirred and then added chopped fresh spinach. My new favorite chicken
soup! Thank you for recipe.

  34. **Jacks** -- November 26, 2020 @ 4:12 am  Reply

Easy to do and delicious outcome! Thank you!! Also my family likes a little
more lemon flavor so you can taste your sauce and alter accordingly!

    * **Natalia** -- July 7, 2021 @ 1:09 pm  Reply

Curious if this could be adapted to the instant pot? My whole family loves
this soup and I’ve made it many times on the stove, but would love to try an
instant pot version.

  35. **Maggie** -- October 14, 2020 @ 8:13 pm  Reply

I really like this soup, although I used more feta. Quick and easy to put
together.

  36. **Kav John** -- October 5, 2020 @ 6:04 am  Reply

Wow, This was an amazing one. Thanks for this lemon chicken soup

  37. **Jack Gellenhal** -- September 25, 2020 @ 4:30 pm  Reply

wow this is one of the best recipe of chicken soup. i am also beggineer chef .
i read most of your blog posts. because of you i became an averege chef. i
want you too look my recipe and give me some tips which i can work on it.
thank you

  38. **Laurie** -- August 31, 2020 @ 2:41 pm  Reply

This is my favorite soup! I made a few changes- no zest but juice of 2 lemons,
white rice or cauliflower rice, added diced carrots and celery with the onion,
and a big handful of fresh dill. I could eat this every day! Thank you!

  39. **Galatin R** -- August 17, 2020 @ 1:52 am  Reply

I make it with Jasmine rice because I always have it in my cabinets. Today I
had no chives and used mint and purple basil because I had some left over. It
was great especially the mint.

    * **Karisa** -- December 10, 2020 @ 7:16 pm  Reply

How did it work with the Jasmine rice? This is actually what I'd like to use
instead of couscous.

  40. **Erin** -- July 19, 2020 @ 2:49 pm  Reply

First time trying couscous, I love it! Great recipe, super easy and quick to
make. I also used a rotisserie chicken so i didn’t have to deal with raw
chicken.

  41. **m** -- June 19, 2020 @ 10:05 am  Reply

So good, everyone in my family loved this.

  42. **Anna** -- June 10, 2020 @ 2:57 pm  Reply

So simple and so quick for such a lovely dish. My family loved it - from my 6
year old to my brother who was a professional chief. I’m trying to loose my
lock down tummy so I replaced the cous cous with cauliflower rice and didn’t
have chives so finely diced some zucchini and popped it in for the last couple
of minutes and then had sliced green onions (scallions in the US?). It was a
real hit and one that I can see myself making regularly. Thank you!

  43. **Kelly** -- June 3, 2020 @ 4:38 pm  Reply

This soup is so wonderful I've memorized it and it's been in the regular
rotation for months. I have simplified it by using lemon marinated chicken
from whole foods and using a slow cooker. I saute onions and garlic and throw
it in the pot with broth chicken spices lemon rind and cook for 2 hours on
high or 4 hours on low. Add the cous cous. Turn the heat to warm and add the
cous cous and chives. Garnish with the feta. I'll be making this dish for the
rest of my life. How many recipes can you say that about?

  44. **Reshaun Hurley** -- May 25, 2020 @ 12:07 am  Reply

Recipe is fantastic, tho we threw in a table spoon or more of fresh lemon
juice, and were very generous with the feta. 👍🏼

    * **Em** -- September 4, 2021 @ 6:30 pm  Reply

I’m SO pleased w this!! I could only find multi-colored couscous (it’s my
first time trying it even, so I hope that didn’t mess it up). It’s currently
cooking on the stove right NOW. It smells WONDERFUL!! Thanks.

  45. **Daniella** -- May 23, 2020 @ 12:43 pm  Reply

This soup is absolutely amazing! Very easy to make - this once filled in a
void in my heart a while ago. This now holds a special spot in my heart - if
you haven’t made this soup. You’re truly missing out, folks. Very perfectly
salted & lemony! Yum. (I subbed the couscous with rice since I didn’t have any
on hand.)

  46. **Kathirin G** -- May 20, 2020 @ 1:35 pm  Reply

Love it. Going to try this soup and will comment on my preparation.

  47. Pingback: Healthy Japanese Clear Soup Recipe and How to Make It Easily at Home | Health Related

  48. Pingback: Healthy Japanese Clear Soup Recipe And How To Make It Easily At Home | Nutrition Realm

  49. **Julie** -- May 2, 2020 @ 1:54 pm  Reply

I love this soup. Everyone I make it for rates it their favorite. I even take
a couple of short cuts so this soup is made in about half hour-45 mins. I use
a store bought rotisserie chicken and just shred it. I get the onion pre-
chopped as well To make this super quick! Delicious 😋

  50. **Kim** -- April 21, 2020 @ 5:48 pm  Reply

I made this soup for the 5th time in 3 months! It’s so tasty and I never
change a thing in the recipe. I’m keep wanting to try a different Spicy
Perspective soup but can’t get myself to stop making this one!

  51. **Morgan** -- March 26, 2020 @ 8:48 pm  Reply

Can you make this in a crockpot?

    * **Sommer Collier** -- March 31, 2020 @ 1:22 pm  Reply

Hi Morgan,

Yes, sauté the veggies on the stovetop first, then add the ingredients to the
pot, reserving the couscous for the last 30 minutes of cooking. It should cook
on low in about 3-4 hours.

  52. **Caroline** -- March 19, 2020 @ 3:08 pm  Reply

This soup is simple and so flavorful! We can't get enough. Freezes well too!

  53. **Ellen** -- March 11, 2020 @ 2:34 pm  Reply

I added spinach and carrots- delish. It's better if you don't add the feta and
use it as a topping if you want, it gives the soup a very unique flavor some
might not like.

  54. **Georgie Billings** -- February 29, 2020 @ 5:24 am  Reply

I love this recipe, it's a firm favourite in our house! I omit the feta as I'm
lactose intolerant. It's such a forgiving recipe, I usually chuck in whatever
leftover veg I've got going manky in the fridge as well. Delicious every time,
and leftovers freeze really well.

  55. **Deborah moss** -- February 27, 2020 @ 5:23 pm  Reply

Sorry for so many mistakes on my comments did use fresh garlic and dill also

  56. **Deborah moss** -- February 27, 2020 @ 5:19 pm  Reply

Garlic not garlic powder I can’t seem to find how to correct text

  57. **Deborah moss** -- February 27, 2020 @ 5:13 pm  Reply

Delicious I chopped zucchini and sautéed it after getting the onion and garlic
powder because I wanted to breeze it up also instead of chives which I didn’t
have are used butter parsley India didn’t have couscous so I used Pastina
what’s your name please green onion. Thank you for a wonderful recipe

    * **Deborah moss** -- February 27, 2020 @ 5:18 pm  Reply

Garlic not garlic powder I can’t seem to find how to correct text

      * **Jeanine** -- June 20, 2020 @ 9:09 pm 

Lovely, simple, comforting.

  58. **Kathy Lofberg** -- February 22, 2020 @ 12:50 pm  Reply

I’ve made this a couple of times using Leftover rotisserie chicken with a few
tweaks and it’s fabulous. I have celiac so use rice instead of couscous. Since
we love spicy I add a generous dollop of my favorite, very flavorful hot
sauce, Ring of Fire. Not a fan of parsley so omit. Add lemon zest at very end
since it retains its flavor better. Love lemon so stir in juiced lemon right
before serving. This recipe is a keeper!

    * **Claudia** -- March 17, 2020 @ 3:28 pm  Reply

What kind of rice did you use and was it the same cooking time?  
Thank you!

  59. Pingback: Japanese Clear Onion Soup [ GF | Low Carb | Keto | Paleo] | Living Chirpy

  60. **Claire @ TallGirlBigWorld** -- February 6, 2020 @ 10:59 am  Reply

All I can say is YUM! In the past, whenever I've poached chicken I've always
managed to overcook it somehow. But this recipe turned out perfectly. I made a
few tweaks (added more lemon zest and the juice of a lemon to the soup), but
stuck to the written recipe closely. I'll definitely be making this again and
again!  
-Claire 

  61. **Jennifer Warburg** -- January 22, 2020 @ 4:24 pm  Reply

Wow this really hits the spot. I'm just getting over the stomach flu and
needing nourishment and this soup was nourishing and delicious and easy to
make. Made as is but for adding the lemon's juice and more herbs I had on hand
(parsley, scallions) at the end. Will make this many times more!

  62. **Heather** -- January 7, 2020 @ 9:10 am  Reply

I made this soup last night and I am SO pleasantly surprised how much flavor
this soup had with such minimal ingredients and time to make it!! Thank you so
much. Everyone is asking me for the recipe and I’m sending your link to them.
This is definitely going to be a staple dinner meal…comfort food…whatever
meal!!

  63. **Sarah** -- January 5, 2020 @ 3:47 pm  Reply

I made this recipe exactly as stated, but omitted the chives and added
parsley. Just didn't have chives on hand. It was the perfect remedy for day 3
of my stomach flu. I was able to eat this for a couple of days and it was a
nice change from bananas and applesauce!! My stomach handled it very well and
it was SO tasty. I will make it again even when I'm not sick! Thanks!

  64. **Jamie** -- January 2, 2020 @ 11:55 am  Reply

I love this recipe. Made it for a second time and used the juice as well as
the zest of the lemon, doubled the feta, and almost completely omitted the red
pepper because I’m a spicy food wimp. It’s such a good soup if you have a cold
or if you just want to warm up with something light.

  65. **Michele** -- December 20, 2019 @ 6:58 pm  Reply

This is such an amazing soup! It's easy and delicious and I always get
compliments. For a richer soup I sometimes use trimmed chicken thighs. Thank
you!

  66. **Nina** -- December 5, 2019 @ 1:05 am  Reply

This is really yummy. I halved the recipe, which yielded about 4 servings. I
added extra couscous (3/4 cups rather than a half cup for a halved recipe),
used about 3/4 of a whole lemon’s zest (versus half), and added in a squeeze
of lemon juice. I also didn’t have chives so I used cilantro and didn’t have
feta so I used goat cheese. It was really good, simple and so very easy, and
made even better leftovers. Thanks for a great, easy recipe. Perfect for day 3
of a flu, being on the mend.

  67. **Victoria Schick** -- November 17, 2019 @ 8:11 am  Reply

Excited to try this! Do you think I could sub quinoa for couscous?

    * **Sommer Collier** -- November 22, 2019 @ 2:45 pm  Reply

Hi Victoria,

Yes! However, you may need to let it cook a little longer.

  68. **MyBariatricLife** -- November 15, 2019 @ 6:17 pm  Reply

This is a very good simple soup. Thanks for the recipe.

  69. **Zina** -- November 10, 2019 @ 3:07 pm  Reply

Loved this!! So easy and so flavorful. Thank you for sha r Ong!

  70. **Robertine Nunes Nabarro** -- November 6, 2019 @ 10:59 am  Reply

I guess I put too much lemon juice in. The soup is much too sour.  
What can I do to remedy that?

    * **Georgina Billings** -- February 29, 2020 @ 5:26 am  Reply

You aren't meant to add the juice, only the zest

  71. **Kathy Packard** -- November 3, 2019 @ 5:28 pm  Reply

I am Greek and was hoping this would be similar to avgolemeno but it really
isn’t but it is still very good and a heck of a lot easier than making
authentic Greek lemon soup. The grocery store didn’t have the feta I like so I
skipped that since it isn’t used when making the authentic version but I’m
going to get some tomorrow and give it a try.

    * **Julie** -- January 3, 2020 @ 4:32 pm  Reply

I am making this after my son's friend said she has made it twice. I did not
have couscous and the store in town didn't have any either so I used whole
grain orzo. I also added the juice of the lemon as suggested and a couple
handfuls of spinach. Smells fabulous. I used no salt chicken stock due to my
husband having to reduce his sodium intake. The flavor is outstanding!

  72. **Jenna Sayman** -- November 2, 2019 @ 6:52 am  Reply

I assumed you meant the lemon zest of an entire lemon. Delicious soup. No
subs.

  73. **Pam Jenkins** -- October 23, 2019 @ 7:53 pm  Reply

I have made this soup a dozen times and my family lives it. Both my kids make
it for their families. I make it with Jasmine rice because I always have it in
my cabinets. Today I had no chives and used mint and purple basil because I
had some left over. It was great especially the mint. Try this you will love
it.

  74. **Rakhee goel** -- October 17, 2019 @ 1:27 am  Reply

Your comments of perseverance speak to me. I was the same way and it's the
best thing that ever hapenned to me. And great recipe.

  75. **Ontrece** -- October 11, 2019 @ 12:45 am  Reply

I made this soup last night. It’s absolutely delicious! And so, so easy to
make! Be careful with the chicken breasts. If you get unusually thick or large
breasts, as I did, you will have to boil the chicken for an extra few minutes.
I also added the juice of the whole lemon to the soup, which gave it an added
depth of flavor. Other than that, I followed the recipe to the letter and the
soup is a true delight. I feel like it’s an adult or gourmet version of the
classic chicken noodle soup. This will be a new staple in my kitchen.

  76. **Scarlet Paolicchi** -- October 7, 2019 @ 10:52 am  Reply

I had lemon chicken soup at a Greek restaurant once and it was so good! Thanks
for the recipe so I can make it myself! Pinning now to try soon.

  77. **Jackie** -- October 2, 2019 @ 9:45 pm  Reply

This sounds absolutely delicious!! I'm not too fond of feta though, is there
another cheese that you can recommend that would compliment the soup? Thank
you kindly.

  78. **Andrea Vanderstelt** -- October 2, 2019 @ 11:38 am  Reply

I loved this soup, but looking back at the recipe I can't find the nutritional
stuff like how many carbs is in this and other information. Can you please
tell me where to find it.

  79. **Carol Mayer** -- October 1, 2019 @ 1:32 pm  Reply

This sounds delicious. I haven't tried couscous before but look forward to
trying it. Question: Does couscous reheat well? Would this be something that I
could take leftovers to work for lunches? Or will the couscous get mushy when
refriderated/reheated?

  80. **Patricia Swenson** -- September 18, 2019 @ 3:48 pm  Reply

TOO high in carbohydrates for ONE serving, ALSO the only way for ONE serving
to be 23 g carbs is by COMPLETELY omitting the Israeli couscous (which as a
grain product CANNOT be a KETO ingredient.

    * **Chlamydia_Cate** -- September 25, 2019 @ 10:38 pm  Reply

Don't get yer hair in a twist, patty-cakes. I don't remember the author saying
anything about this being a KETO recipe.

      * **Eric Nelson** -- November 4, 2019 @ 7:19 pm 

I also found this recipe on a website claiming to be "The best keto soup
recipes." I'm sure it's very delicious but it is misleading.

      * **Sommer Collier** -- November 22, 2019 @ 4:22 pm 

Hi guys,

Sorry about that… I'm not sure who's claiming this is keto, but it's not us.

    * **Jackie** -- October 2, 2019 @ 9:52 pm  Reply

If you don't like it or can't make it due to dietary restrictions, then make
something else. Simple enough. Why comment on a recipe that you have no
intention on making??

  81. **Virginia A. Younger** -- September 6, 2019 @ 8:51 pm  Reply

This is one of my favorite soups. Can't get enough of it and every time I
share it, they want the recipe. Thanks for such a healthy, tasty, "good for
you" soup!

  82. **Alissa** -- July 25, 2019 @ 10:06 pm  Reply

Made this for dinner tonight and it turned out fantastic. I was a little
worried due to the simplicity of the ingredients. However, everyone loved it.
I only changed two things. I made my chicken in an instant pot so it would
shred a bit easier for me, and I added 1 carton of chicken bone broth along
with chicken stock. I also added a small squirt of lemon juice. So so good!

  83. **neville** -- June 4, 2019 @ 7:44 am  Reply

outstanding recipe

  84. Pingback: Greek Lemon Chicken Soup Recipe - makemelunch

  85. **Flora P** -- May 20, 2019 @ 10:47 pm  Reply

I assumed you meant the lemon zest of an entire lemon. Delicious soup. No
subs.

  86. Pingback: 12 Keto Soup Recipes - Camilla Bellucci

  87. **Leslie** -- April 18, 2019 @ 10:33 pm  Reply

Can you freeze this soup?

    * **Sommer Collier** -- April 22, 2019 @ 1:36 pm  Reply

Hi Leslie,

Yes, just be sure to thaw it at room temperature before rewarming, or the
pasta will turn mushy.

  88. Pingback: Lemon Chicken Soup - Bright SaraPhim

  89. Pingback: Comfort Food for Weight Loss: 33 Low Carb Keto Soup Recipes We Love

  90. Pingback: 16 Tasty Keto Soup Recipes To Keep You Cosy While Shedding Those Pounds

  91. **Brittainy Mather** -- March 5, 2019 @ 11:42 am  Reply

Okay, how much do you need of each ingredient? Unless I cannot find it, it is
not on there.

    * **Sommer Collier** -- March 7, 2019 @ 2:57 pm  Reply

Hi Brittainy,

They are listed in the recipe at the bottom of the post.

  92. **Natalie** -- February 20, 2019 @ 6:29 pm  Reply

Hi- this sounds super yummy! By chance, do you think you could use rice rather
than couscous? My family loves rice in everything, lol.

    * **Sommer Collier** -- February 20, 2019 @ 9:25 pm  Reply

Hi Natalie,

Absolutely! Depending on the cooking time of the rice you use, you may need to
add it in when you add the chicken breasts.

      * **Natalie Woodland** -- December 15, 2019 @ 6:31 pm 

Thank you- I have since tried it with basmati rice, and it’s a huge hit with
the family! Appreciate you sharing it!!

  93. **Sarah** -- February 12, 2019 @ 12:02 pm  Reply

This is just the best soup receipe ever, so quick, so tasty, this is now a
weekly meal for us. Nice one :)

  94. Pingback: 50 Valentine's Day Dinner Ideas For Two On A Budget - The How To

  95. **Andrea** -- February 1, 2019 @ 6:57 pm  Reply

I would love to see th his converted to an instant pot recipe.

  96. Pingback: 50 Valentine’s Day Dinner Ideas For Two On A Budget DIY Projects - Hot Pomelo - Internet Portal..

  97. **Toni** -- January 30, 2019 @ 9:19 am  Reply

I loved how comforting it is! And perfectly easy to make!

  98. **Toni** -- January 30, 2019 @ 9:18 am  Reply

It was our dinner last night and everyone loved it! Thanks for the recipe!

  99. **Anna Hettick** -- January 28, 2019 @ 12:16 pm  Reply

I love a simple but flavorful chicken soup!!! It is one of my favorite things
to make!

  100. Pingback: 10 Recipes To Try | ¡HOLA! JALAPEÑO¡HOLA! JALAPEÑO

  101. **Colleen Pia** -- January 16, 2019 @ 9:53 am  Reply

I made this soup, but I did not use Pearl couscous are chopped up white
cauliflower to make this more keto friendly for me.

  102. Pingback: Lemon Recipes to Brighten Your Winter - LemonLuv

  103. **Rachel** -- January 12, 2019 @ 8:31 pm  Reply

This has delicious flavor. My pearled couscous took much longer than 5 minutes
to cook, though.

  104. **Tandra** -- January 12, 2019 @ 11:46 am  Reply

Per the recipe, only lemon zest added? No juice? Don’t want to screw up the
recipe. Just want to make sure before I make this.

    * **Sommer Collier** -- January 24, 2019 @ 9:57 pm  Reply

Hi Tandra,

Yes, I just use the zest. Yet, once it's done, if you want more tang, feel
free to squeeze in a little juice. :)

  105. Pingback: Beef Barley Soup Recipe - Dinners, Dishes, and Desserts

  106. **Grace H Wong** -- December 31, 2018 @ 3:32 pm  Reply

We made this and a simple Greek salad as an appetizer for Christmas! Everyone
in the family loved it. Will make it again probably next week! Sooo delicious

  107. Pingback: 13 Mediterranean Diet Lunches That Make Meals at a Desk Way Better - Manlly HQ

  108. **LAURYN** -- December 5, 2018 @ 11:45 pm  Reply

This recipe looks really delicious. I have tried lasagna soup for my children
but looking forward to trying this one also  
Thanks for sharing this tasty recipe

  109. **Lyla Hassan** -- December 4, 2018 @ 1:00 am  Reply

This chicken soup recipe looks really amazing and the lemon adds more flavor
to it…Thanks for this one

  110. Pingback: Get Warm & Cozy with these Delicious Fall Soups! - Living La Vida Holoka

  111. Pingback: Taking It Easy - Simmer and Sip

  112. **Rebecca** -- October 29, 2018 @ 10:27 am  Reply

I love the flavours of this soup so much! I have also made it using leftover
chicken chopped up and stirred in and loved it. You nailed it with this
recipe!

  113. Pingback: Viral Pipeline » FOR THE LOVE OF FOOD: How to harness your anxiety, how to (actually) have more energy, and Roundup linked to antibiotic resistance

  114. Pingback: FOR THE LOVE OF FOOD: How to harness your anxiety, how to (actually) have more energy, and Roundup linked to antibiotic resistance - Immortals Fitness

  115. Pingback: FOR THE LOVE OF FOOD: How to harness your anxiety, how to (actually) have more energy, and Roundup linked to antibiotic resistance | Nutrition & food

  116. Pingback: 20 Easy Dinner Recipes Using Rotisserie Chicken | Making Lemonade

  117. **Melissa** -- October 9, 2018 @ 9:44 pm  Reply

A house favorite now 🤩 5 stars for sure

    * **Sommer Collier** -- October 12, 2018 @ 3:16 pm  Reply

Thanks Melissa!!

  118. Pingback: Delia in a nutshell | 20 boredom-killing soup recipes - Delia in a nutshell

  119. Pingback: 10 Healthy But Delicious Meals You Can Easily Make This Fall

  120. **Heather** -- September 10, 2018 @ 8:26 pm  Reply

Love this soup! Definitely going to double recipe next time. The only thing I
did differently was add the juice of the one lemon to the soup.

  121. Pingback: 50 Best Low-Carb Soup Recipes for 2018

  122. Pingback: Greek Pasta Salad + VIDEO

  123. Pingback: Greek Lemon Chicken Soup Recipe - Dishes and Cooking

  124. Pingback: 150 Best Fall Soups - Prudent Penny Pincher

  125. **Lisa** -- July 20, 2018 @ 2:02 pm  Reply

A stand mixer will shred the chicken in no time! Making this tonight!

  126. Pingback: 36 Recipes To Make With A Rotisserie Chicken

  127. **Sue @theviewfromgreatisland** -- June 5, 2018 @ 9:28 pm  Reply

This looks INSANELY good, I love that you added feta!

  128. **Julie Ann** -- May 22, 2018 @ 9:55 pm  Reply

Awe what a sweet post! I feel the same about my little one, it’s such a roller
coaster of emotion this whole Mom thing. You are right about forgetting about
what others think, I’ve had some challenges with that myself but thus quote
has always served me well; “comparison is the thief of all joy”. Just because
there will be someone/ thing better, does not mean that what you have to offer
is any less of value. There are thousands of ways to do good things:) Oh and
this soup looks excelkent, I plan to make it tomorrow!

  129. **Sharon** -- May 4, 2018 @ 3:41 pm  Reply

This is our go to soup when we want chicken soup. I have made it with the
chicken, turkey breast, white fish and pork. I always come back to the chicken
but the recipe goes well with all the meats we have tried. The only change I
made is to also add the juice of the lemon I use for the zest. It also freezes
well!

Thanks for sharing a great recipe!

  130. **Anais** -- April 28, 2018 @ 10:17 pm  Reply

This is my favorite soup. My husband even loves it and he's not a soup fan!
Love it!

  131. **Page O’Connell** -- April 16, 2018 @ 10:57 am  Reply

Love this soup and love your story 💕. I’m grateful to you for sharing both.

  132. Pingback: A Greek Easter

  133. **Michele** -- April 8, 2018 @ 4:08 pm  Reply

I’ve made this a dozen times. So good and comforting…I use low sodium chicken
broth and shreds on carrot to add when cooking the onion and garlic. I also
used half olive oil and half water to cook the onions in. Great soup 🥣

  134. Pingback: Every Chicken Soup Recipe You Could Possibly Need - What Do You See

  135. **Negisa** -- March 22, 2018 @ 8:26 pm  Reply

this soup is INCREDIBLE!!!! easy to follow recipe. so tasty! i will make this
over and over again. thank you!

  136. Pingback: Zuppa Toscana Soup (1 Pot, 1 Hour) - Chocolate with Grace

  137. **JulieP** -- March 13, 2018 @ 1:39 pm  Reply

This is one of my new favorite soups. Made it for friends & family a few times
now and they all agree, it’s the BEST! I’ve actually even made this a quicker
recipe (as if it’s not easy enough!) and used a store-bought rotisserie
chicken pulled apart and think it’s even better with the flavors that some
dark meat brings to it. So delicious. Thank you for sharing it!

  138. Pingback: 20 boredom-killing soup recipes - Delia in a nutshell

  139. **Dee** -- February 14, 2018 @ 2:10 pm  Reply

Really good. We did not have couscous and I substituted rice so I am anxious
to try it again with couscous. Nice little spice from the red pepper flakes
and the lemon was perfect. Delicious.

  140. **sandy d** -- February 13, 2018 @ 11:03 am  Reply

love the soup

  141. **Susan P-D** -- February 13, 2018 @ 8:43 am  Reply

Very tasty and easy after I upped the red peppers.

  142. **Kim** -- February 11, 2018 @ 6:51 pm  Reply

Yum ! Even the hubster liked it.

  143. **Julie** -- February 9, 2018 @ 5:57 pm  Reply

Absolutely LOVE this soup! I have been making it for a couple years and my
family always loves it! I add about twice as much feta and also squeeze the
juice as well as the zest of the lemon. I used to put lemon slices in the soup
but found they made the soup taste bitter.

  144. **Kirsten** -- February 6, 2018 @ 3:44 pm  Reply

Hi Sommer, I posted a question about this soup yesterday but see it is no
longer on the website. Can you tellen me if it's normale for this soup to get
really thick after cooling down and what I can do to fix it. Thanks

    * **Sommer** -- February 8, 2018 @ 10:45 pm  Reply

Hi Kristen,

I didn't see your previous question come through. Sorry about that! There
isn't anything in the soup that should cause it to thicken like that. Did you
possibly substitute some sort of alternative pasta (maybe gluten free) for the
pearl couscous?

  145. Pingback: 10 Winter Recipes for a Gentle Detox - Embracing Purple

  146. **Erin** -- January 28, 2018 @ 9:15 am  Reply

I juiced a whole lemon instead of half… I will definitely make it again.

  147. **Fay D.** -- January 25, 2018 @ 2:03 pm  Reply

What would be a good side to go with this-doesn't seem like enough for a meal
by itself?

  148. **Sherri** -- January 24, 2018 @ 11:47 am  Reply

I made this for dinner last night and it was a big hit. The flavors were great
and best of all, my 4 kids loved it. They each had 2-4 bowls. The only thing I
did different, I placed the frozen chicken, 1 can of chicken stock, chopped
onions and garlic, salt & pepper in a crock pot for 4 hours. I also used mini
pasta shells since that’s what I had and omitted the pepper flakes. The family
loved it and it’s been added to our faves! Thank you for this great recipe.

  149. **Dana** -- January 18, 2018 @ 4:48 pm  Reply

I used rice cauliflower instead of cous cous. Came out great!

  150. **Dian** -- January 18, 2018 @ 9:43 am  Reply

I want to try this recipe!  
Please clarify - do I add 1 cup of cooked couscous or do I add 1 cup straight
out of the package?  
Thanks for the help!

  151. **Debbie** -- January 18, 2018 @ 2:44 am  Reply

Do you cook the raw chicken in the chicken broth and then take it out and
sliced it up and place back into the same chicken broth you cook it in? I
couldn't see all of the recipe, thank you

    * **Sara Hull** -- December 21, 2018 @ 11:33 am  Reply

I am curious if you have to cook the chicken first as well. boiling raw
chicken for only 10 minutes doesn't seem like enough but maybe I'm wrong?

      * **Sommer Collier** -- December 22, 2018 @ 10:23 am 

Hi Sara,

No, it right! Remember, the chicken is in the broth the whole time the
temperature is rising to a boil. So it's actually cooking 15-20 minutes. If
your chicken breast are enormous you might give it a few extra minutes, but if
they are average to large, they will cook through.

  152. Pingback: 30 Simple Dinners (to help you win at meal planning) | Smile & Conquer

  153. **Elia Guerrero** -- January 9, 2018 @ 12:18 pm  Reply

Delicious, especially cause it's cold outside.  
I used 4 breast cutlets instead of two ( I like a little more substance with
10 cups of water), and I used leftover Mexican rice.

  154. Pingback: 20 soup recipes for the cold winter months + real life talk

  155. **Phil** -- January 7, 2018 @ 5:54 pm  Reply

Very tasty! I wanted more lemon flavor so I added the juice of two lemons in
addition to the zest. I substituted a cup of brown rice for the couscous for
gluten free and also added two thinly sliced carrots. I also added my own pre-
cooked leftover chicken at the end. Perfect!

  156. **Diana Talevich** -- January 4, 2018 @ 7:07 pm  Reply

My family loved it.  
Just didn't put as much crushed red peppers because I have little ones but it
was delicious.

  157. **Abigail Wright** -- January 4, 2018 @ 4:12 pm  Reply

Oh my goodness! Yum!

  158. **Matt** -- January 3, 2018 @ 10:51 pm  Reply

Amazing. I squeezed half the lemon into the pot when it was finished for the
perfect flavor. 5⭐

  159. **JC Schmidt** -- January 3, 2018 @ 8:18 pm  Reply

Love this. Make it regularly. My husband will eat it as leftovers - high
praise from him. I don't like couscous so I use orzo instead. Less healthy but
tasty.

  160. **Danielle** -- January 2, 2018 @ 12:04 pm  Reply

Amazing soup, and perfect comfort food! Added shredded carrots.

  161. Pingback: Recipes: Winter season is soup season - Elfi Rodatos

  162. Pingback: 15 Winter Soup Recipes | Make and Takes

  163. **Mrs @ The E.C.** -- December 22, 2017 @ 10:17 am  Reply

This is one of my very fav recipes! I make it on a regular basis and freeze it
to make sure we have it on hand. I made two changes to the recipe - I reduced
the amount of garlic the recipe called for and exchanged orzo for the couscous
and it's still fabulous! It is very easy to make and is even more delicious
the next day!

  164. **Heather** -- December 6, 2017 @ 9:58 pm  Reply

Delicious, easy, simple! We enjoyed this soup and will make it again. May add
more veggies next time. The broth is so tasty. Thank you!!

  165. **Geena** -- November 28, 2017 @ 12:51 pm  Reply

This was delicious! I added an extra 1/2 of a lemon zest (I made this once
before, and it wasn’t lemony enough for me) 3 carrots, 2 celery stalks, and
used quinoa. My boyfriend already asked if I can make it again next week. This
ones a keeper. Thanks for sharing this recipe.

  166. **Sheryl R Cooper** -- November 13, 2017 @ 4:26 pm  Reply

OMG. this is wonderful!!! I used egg noodles instead of the couscous,
otherwise made as written. This will become a staple, absolutely!

  167. **Gwen Petersen** -- November 6, 2017 @ 8:19 pm  Reply

I made this recipe tonight and holy cow it’s a keeper! My house likes spice so
we added a little more than 1/2 tsp of crushed red pepper. The soup was
perfect in every way!

  168. Pingback: 16 Easy Ways To Upgrade Classic Chicken Soup - Socivideoxpress Site

  169. **Jackie** -- October 22, 2017 @ 6:15 pm  Reply

I made this today and it has lots of flavour but I used 1 cup of couscous and
the consistency turned out almost like oatmeal! WHat did I do wrong wrong.
I've never used couscous before?

    * **Sommer** -- October 24, 2017 @ 7:29 pm  Reply

Hi Jackie,

Hmmm…. Did you used pearl couscous, or just plain (itty-bitty) couscous?

  170. Pingback: 16 Easy Ways To Upgrade Classic Chicken Soup -- What's Life

  171. Pingback: 16 Easy Ways To Upgrade Classic Chicken Soup - Monthly Memes

  172. Pingback: 16 Easy Ways To Upgrade Classic Chicken Soup by BuzzFeed -- Little Info Cue

  173. **Rebecca** -- October 13, 2017 @ 11:51 am  Reply

Question…  
Want to make this Greek Lemon Chicken soup for a pot luck. If I make the night
before, how will the couscous and chives hold up?  
My plan is to make the night before and then put in a slow cooker the next day
on low for about 4 hours to heat by lunch time. Should I add the couscous and
chives while in the slow cooker or will it be ok to add when cooking the night
before.  
I have never used couscous before so just want to make sure it will turn out
ok. Thank you.

    * **Sommer** -- October 14, 2017 @ 10:25 am  Reply

The couscous does swell by the second day. It's basically pasta. You've got
the idea… I would add the couscous and chive when you rewarm the soup base on
day two. Usually pasta will cook in a hot slow cooker in about 30 minutes. If
everything is cold, it will take 60 - 90 minutes.

  174. **Norma** -- October 11, 2017 @ 4:45 pm  Reply

Delicious!

  175. Pingback: Greek Lemon Chicken Soup | Return Health

  176. **linda gibson** -- September 5, 2017 @ 6:32 pm  Reply

i loved it..i just added mushrooms to mine

  177. Pingback: 15 Soups to Make with Leftover Rotisserie Chicken - unOriginal Mom

  178. **Joy** -- August 20, 2017 @ 8:00 pm  Reply

This soup is very good, but I also made my own chicken stock by boiling the
chicken first. But, that may require the addition of salt to strengthen the
flavor, so I added lemon pepper, plus the juice of the lemon for a more lemony
flavor, which I prefer. I used orzo instead of couscous. If you like it hotter
in flavor, you can add some red or green hot pepper sauce - and it becomes
almost like an Asian hot and sour. Many variations of this recipe will work.

  179. Pingback: Week of August 14th - Brain Food Diary

  180. Pingback: 25 Delicious Soup Recipes - Momology

  181. **Michele Holmes** -- July 14, 2017 @ 8:38 am  Reply

This soup was AMAZING!!! Once more, you scored a home run!!

  182. **Monique** -- July 2, 2017 @ 2:21 pm  Reply

This is my favorite soup recipe!! I have made it several times and it's a
staple in our home. This soup is perfect for you if you are feeling like you
are getting sick (cold)…knocks it out completely ❤️

I love lemon so I use two fresh ones to both grate and I add the juice in the
end when you add the feta and chives. Tastes even better the next day after
bending the flavors. Yum!!

  183. **Stefanie** -- June 24, 2017 @ 7:27 pm  Reply

I have altered this recipe to make it my own but I still love it!  
I am not a fan of couscous so I substituted orzo pasta instead.  
I love a lemony flavor so in addition to the lemon zest I included the juice
from the lemon as well.  
I don't like feta so I use the mexican cheese cotija! Yum. Yum. Yum.

  184. Pingback: Greek Pasta Salad + VIDEO | Noble Pig

  185. **Jeanne** -- May 28, 2017 @ 6:08 pm  Reply

My husband and I love this recipe. Definitely will be your favorite soup too.
You can make a large pot then freeze the left overs.

  186. **April** -- April 28, 2017 @ 10:17 am  Reply

This soup was so delicious! I had leftover Greek shredded pork that I used
instead of chicken and replaced the Israeli couscous that I couldn't find in
the store with half white rice and half lentils. I also squeezed a little
lemon juice on top at serving. So flavorful!

  187. **Betsy Hollingsworth** -- April 5, 2017 @ 10:43 am  Reply

I made this soup! It was actually pretty good, but not what I expected from
the picture. Next time I make it I would only use half of an onion just so its
not so onion heavy. Also, id chop the onion pieces a bit smaller.  
After I zested my lemon, I squeezed half of the juice in before the boil and
then the other half in after the boil. Also, I pulled chicken from a precooked
rotisserie chicken and it turned out great!  
This would be a great soup base to add other vegetables of choice.

  188. **Suzanne** -- March 22, 2017 @ 6:59 pm  Reply

I just made this and I am about to serve it but Im not sure my kids will eat
it. 1/2 tsp crushed red pepper made it really spicy! Otherwise it is
delicious!

  189. **Di** -- February 28, 2017 @ 12:19 pm  Reply

I made this last night and it was just wonderful!! I am suffering from a
little bit of a head cold so my heavy hand with the red pepper flakes was just
what the doctor ordered. Home remedy for the week lol. Next time, I may add
more couscous. Either way this will be a go to for sure. Thank you!!

    * **Sommer** -- March 1, 2017 @ 7:11 pm  Reply

Hi Di,

Sorry you're not feeling well. I'm so glad you like the soup. It perks me up
anytime I make it! :)

  190. Pingback: Healthy, Easy, and Tasty Meals for the Busy Momma - Life with the Little People

  191. Pingback: Healthy, Easy, and Tasty Meals for the Busy Momma - Life with Little People

  192. **Zelia B** -- February 22, 2017 @ 8:54 pm  Reply

I've done a cheater's version of this. I like creamed soups so I start with a
can of cream of mushroom or cream of chicken. I add chicken broth, a can of
canned chicken breast pieces (I purchase these at Sam's club), and some
instant rice (what can I say, I'm a lazy cook!). I use lots of lemon pepper
and some lemon juice for seasoning, often garlic and onion powders as well. It
turned out well enough to make me happy! But I will try this recipe now that I
have something more authentic available.

  193. **Martha** -- February 8, 2017 @ 1:06 pm  Reply

This is the best lemon chicken soup that I have ever made. It is a keeper!

  194. Pingback: 30 Delicious Recipes Using a Rotisserie Chicken - Retro Housewife Goes Green

  195. **Nola** -- February 4, 2017 @ 6:47 pm  Reply

This soup is my very favorite! I make it all the time. Quick and easy and so
delicious and healthy. Thank you so much!

  196. Pingback: Mystique's Favorite Recipes featuring Lemons! - Avada Architecture

  197. Pingback: 50 Valentine's Day Dinner Ideas For Two | DY Projects

  198. **Tessa Willis** -- January 30, 2017 @ 11:36 am  Reply

6-8 servings, would you say a cup of soup is a serving?

  199. Pingback: 15 Delicious Ways To Cook With Citrus This Winter | DashAce

  200. Pingback: 15 Delicious Ways To Cook With Citrus This Winter - WiredCool

  201. Pingback: 15 Delicious Ways To Cook With Citrus This Winter | Turbo Yellow

  202. Pingback: 15 Delicious Ways To Cook With Citrus This Winter - Yellow Nova

  203. Pingback: 15 Delicious Ways To Cook With Citrus This Winter | Spin Popular News

  204. Pingback: 15 Delicious Ways To Cook With Citrus This Winter - Viral Babel

  205. **Kate** -- January 23, 2017 @ 10:21 pm  Reply

This soup is delicious! So fresh and flavorful. I added about 1 cup of chopped
carrots to the onion/garlic mixture. I also added some chopped kale at the
end. Thank you for the recipe. I will definitely make this again.

  206. Pingback: Soup and Snow | Our Blog

  207. **Holly** -- January 7, 2017 @ 6:49 pm  Reply

Can you use yellow onion instead of sweet onion?

    * **Sommer** -- January 9, 2017 @ 9:01 am  Reply

Hi Holly, Absolutely! Happy Cooking!! :)

  208. **Kim M** -- January 7, 2017 @ 2:52 pm  Reply

So this looks delish! However I'm so NOT a fan of feta. I know that's mostly
what makes it Greek. But could I possibly use Parmesan or some other cheese?
Sorry to want to change your creation!!

    * **Sommer** -- January 9, 2017 @ 9:02 am  Reply

Hi Kim,

Of Course! I also have an Italian Chicken Soup recipe you might prefer:
http://www.aspicyperspective.com/italian-chicken-orzo-soup/

    * **Stefanie** -- May 28, 2017 @ 11:21 pm  Reply

I used the mexican cheese cotija! I'm not a fan of feta either but I love
cotija, it's soft and crumbly like feta but has a less pungent taste.

  209. **JPsarianos** -- January 5, 2017 @ 10:30 pm  Reply

Great recipe!

Love the substitution and taste of couscous in place of rice, or orzo (the
Greek ingredients as couscous is actually a North African semolina product). I
used chicken pieces with the bone in and omitted the chicken stock, which adds
unnecessary sodium. I found that using chicken pieces with the bone added a
rich flavor.

Have you tried the authentic Greek Avgolemono Chicken Soup? Delicious too.

Thank you for sharing this wonderful chicken soup recipe, which I would call a
Mediterranean Chicken Soup.

  210. **Cristal** -- January 3, 2017 @ 2:05 pm  Reply

I never ever leave comments or reviews but for this I need to! Since making
this for the first time about two months ago, I've probably made it weekly.
It's become a staple for us. So easy, light, healthy, and delicious. Thank you
so much for this recipe! I can't recommend it enough.

    * **Sommer** -- January 9, 2017 @ 9:23 am  Reply

Hi Cristal,

YAY! I'm so glad you like it. You just made my day! :)

  211. Pingback: 22 Greek Inspired Recipes | The Bewitchin' Kitchen

  212. Pingback: Adventures With four

  213. **Shelley** -- December 15, 2016 @ 6:03 pm  Reply

I know this is a crazy question but that pot in the video is amazing. What
type of pot is that? Is it cast iron?

Thanks in advance! Making this recipe tonight… can't wait!

  214. Pingback: Greek Lemon Chicken Soup - EAT

  215. Pingback: Easy Weekly Meal Plan Week #70 - Sweet C's Designs

  216. Pingback: Weekly Meal Plan - Pass The Sushi

  217. Pingback: WEEKLY MEAL PLAN (WEEK 70) - Diethood

  218. Pingback: Weekly Meal Plan #41 - Yellow Bliss Road

  219. Pingback: Weekly Meal Plan #70 - LemonsforLulu.com

  220. Pingback: Easy Meal Plan Week 70 - Foodie With Family

  221. Pingback: Weekly Meal Plan Week 70 - Dinners, Dishes, and Desserts

  222. Pingback: Weekly Meal Plan {Week 70} | Wishes and Dishes

  223. Pingback: Soup Recipes - Natural Archives by Organic Titanic

  224. **Christine** -- October 28, 2016 @ 7:11 pm  Reply

I made this fabulous soup last Monday night and it was just delicious. I
didn't change the recipe at all and after tasting it, there was nothing to
adjust. I'll keep this one in my archive to be made again.

  225. Pingback: 20 Soup Recipes - Midwestern Moms

  226. Pingback: The Mediterranean diet could be the fast track to a longer life -- here's what to eat - Mic | Globall News

  227. **Lindsay** -- October 5, 2016 @ 5:30 pm  Reply

For those of you who subbed orzo, did you precook it or add it earlier to make
sure it had enough time to boil?

    * **Lynne** -- October 3, 2017 @ 11:40 am  Reply

Did you ever hear if you precook the orzo???? I am curious about the same
thing.

      * **Sommer** -- October 10, 2017 @ 12:55 pm 

Hi Lynne!

No, the orzo cooks right in the soup, just like the pearl couscous. :)

  228. **Sandra S.** -- October 3, 2016 @ 12:57 pm  Reply

This looks wonderful! Have you tried using other parts of the chicken (skin
and bones intact) and browning with the garlic and onion and cook as normal?
Could then remove skin and bones at the point where you have remove breasts
and shred.

  229. **Jonna** -- September 27, 2016 @ 12:33 am  Reply

Just made this, and it's realllly good! Super easy, fast, and light, and the
lemon zest is amazing! A nice amount of heat too. Thanks for sharing.

  230. **Piper** -- September 21, 2016 @ 10:02 am  Reply

I love Lemon Chicken soup! I've never made it but I thin I might try it. I've
only ever had it with rice in it though.

  231. Pingback: 20 Fall Soups to Make Ahead and Freeze

  232. **Regan** -- August 22, 2016 @ 7:23 pm  Reply

Okay, I feel compelled to comment on this soup… and I rarely comment! This
soup is SO tasty and simple. I've made it at least 5 or 6 times because my
family keeps asking for it! I follow the directions exactly except I only use
half of the red pepper flakes (I have a toddler). Perfect every time. Still
has a nice little zip. Thanks for the great recipe!

  233. **Banketu Rīkošana** -- August 21, 2016 @ 7:29 am  Reply

Love chicken soup and yours look almost the same as my. I think I will have to
make one tonight. Thanks

  234. **Carolyn** -- August 10, 2016 @ 1:13 pm  Reply

This came out great! I forgot the feta by accident but it was still good, and
used orzo per other comments (my store did not have the right cous cous in
stock). I'll remember the feta next time, and will chop the onions a bit more
as well. Thank you!

  235. **Sandy M** -- July 25, 2016 @ 8:16 pm  Reply

I made this tonight and my family gave it a unanimous two thumbs up! Simple
and so delicious. I left out the feta as we are watching our sodium but
otherwise made it exactly as directed. This recipe is a keeper!

  236. **Kerri** -- July 19, 2016 @ 2:54 pm  Reply

I just wanted to say that I can really relate to u and what u said in ur
story. What u said hit me and means a lot, motivated me! And I absolutely
can't wait to make this scrumptious looking soup! Thanks so much for the
recipe and inspiration!

  237. Pingback: 16 of the best soup recipes ever - Fat Mum Slim

  238. **Karen** -- June 26, 2016 @ 3:10 pm  Reply

Love this soup. Such bright flavours! I also add the juice of the lemon, as
well as the lemon zest. I could eat this everyday. Does anyone know what the
calorie count would be for it?

  239. Pingback: 16 Easy Soup Recipes To Keep You Cozy | Homemade Recipes

  240. Pingback: Greek Lemon Chicken Soup - A Spicy Perspective - Brother Workouts

  241. Pingback: 10 Healthy Winter Warming Soup Recipes - The Nourishing Space

  242. Pingback: 10 Quick + Easy Soup Recipes - The Nourishing Space

  243. **Mica @ Let's Taco Bout It Blog** -- May 30, 2016 @ 2:09 am  Reply

My OH and I made this soup this past Wednesday. We ate ALL of the soup in the
pot. Not a spoonful leftover. We had to make more the next night for dinner!
:P

You could taste the lemon, but it wasn't overpowering the soup and the
couscous was such a nice addition. Our house smelled so stinking good for the
rest of the night and then the next night when we made it again. Great
recipe!!!

  244. Pingback: My Big Fat Greek Salad - A Spicy Perspective

  245. **Jennifer** -- April 27, 2016 @ 5:49 pm  Reply

This soup is the bomb! I had to pick up my son early from school last week
because he was sick. I made this for dinner and he loved it! We gave your dish
a spin by adding lemon juice and feta with Mediterranean herbs. It was
absolutely delicious! I actually made it again today because it's so easy to
prepare and I'm always short on time on my days off. Hats off to this soup ???

  246. **Monica** -- April 21, 2016 @ 6:06 pm  Reply

I can't wait to try this! I'm just curious as to why no juice from the lemon
only zest?

  247. **Anna** -- April 20, 2016 @ 8:57 pm  Reply

This recipe is absolutely delicious! One thing to take it over the top is to
juice fresh lemon over it right before serving. It really takes it to another
level and brings out the lemon flavor! Try it!

  248. Pingback: Slow Cooker Greek Lemon Chicken Soup - 365 Days of Slow Cooking

  249. **Kristin** -- April 14, 2016 @ 8:46 pm  Reply

This soup was amazing! Made it tonight and it came out perfect :)

  250. **Keri** -- April 10, 2016 @ 8:15 pm  Reply

Just made this soup for my hubby who has the flu…we both loved it! Quite
possibly the best soup I have ever made. I did add a squeeze of lemon juice to
each bowl when serving. Will be making this again and again!

  251. Pingback: Bon Appetit - The Blueprints

  252. Pingback: Recipe Round Up - Soup - Level Up Your Dining

  253. **Maureen Delaney** -- March 6, 2016 @ 1:34 pm  Reply

I saw the quinoa question but I didnt see an answer? was going to make this
for a girls night but one of my friends is gluten free. Would quinoa work? Or
should I stick with the spinach someone else suggested?

    * **Sommer** -- March 8, 2016 @ 8:09 pm  Reply

Hi Maureen! Yes, quinoa would work. Let me know how it turns out. :)

  254. **pamela hallfrisch** -- February 25, 2016 @ 3:24 pm  Reply

This soup is awesome and so easy to pull together. I made it for my husband
and I and just halved everything. I too used rotissere chicken. I used orzo as
well. I made a whole recipe for a work potluck and everyone had compliments.
My son is home for two weeks and he raved about it. The first day it is very
good and brothy. The second day it has thickened and a little better than the
first day. If for some reason you still have leftovers it's almost like
chicken and noodles. So rich and delicous.

  255. Pingback: 10 Soups For Those Cold Winter Months | Biscuits & Burlap

  256. Pingback: Recipe Round-up

  257. Pingback: Greek Lemon Chicken Soup - DC Foodie Mom

  258. **Cathy Lawdanski** -- February 9, 2016 @ 11:27 am  Reply

Delicious. Just shared the link to the recipe with those who follow the
mysideof50 Facebook page!

  259. **Morgan** -- February 3, 2016 @ 10:48 pm  Reply

This was SO AWESOME! Full of flavor, healthy and easy to make!!! WIN WIN!!

  260. **Jan Daft** -- February 3, 2016 @ 1:34 pm  Reply

Could cilantro replace the chives or parsley?

    * **Sommer** -- February 3, 2016 @ 9:45 pm  Reply

Hi Jan, Sure! Whichever you prefer. :)

  261. **Cathy Lawdanski** -- January 29, 2016 @ 8:01 pm  Reply

Made it tonight. Delicious!

  262. Pingback: Recipe: Greek Lemon Chicken Soup - LIVE WELL 360

  263. Pingback: Greek Lemon Chicken Soup | The Whine Connoisseur

  264. **Tara** -- January 21, 2016 @ 7:51 pm  Reply

I made this because it contained all the ingriedients I knew my son was
willing to consume (except the couscous- that we hadn't had before). I
absolutely cannot sing the praises of this soup loud enough! First, it comes
together so fast - I didn't even need to thaw the chicken first. Second, the
flavor is so fresh and amazing! I will make this all the time! This is the
first time here. I saw your soup on a Country Living list of healthy soups. I
consider this clean and healthy eating at its best. On a scale of 1-10 this is
a 12!

  265. **Sara** -- January 20, 2016 @ 2:23 pm  Reply

This soup exceeded all of my expectations! We used rice in place of couscous
simply because we always have rice on hand but this soup was incredible! I am
not a big soup fan usually, but I couldn't get enough of this one. LOVE LOVE
LOVE!

  266. Pingback: Lemon Is All You Need To Make A Perfect Meal! - PepperTap

  267. **Jenny** -- January 18, 2016 @ 10:28 pm  Reply

This was delicious!! Any idea about calories per cup?

  268. **Annelise** -- January 18, 2016 @ 9:05 am  Reply

Thank you for your story. As an only child I didn't have competition in my
home, only the rest of the world! My feelings growing up were quite similar
and I love to cook, especially Avgolemono. A slightly different version for a
cold and dreary day. Thanks for the inspiration.

  269. **Deuce** -- January 17, 2016 @ 11:06 pm  Reply

My husband has requested this be part of our weekly meals. I had to mod for
our low carb lifestyle (no couscous, add 1/2 bag of spinach). Although the
recipe says zest of lemon, I added the juice also. This mix of flavors is
outstanding! Thank you so much for sharing and your pictures are awesome.

  270. Pingback: 50 Easy Homemade Soups and Chili Recipes | i宝宝秘密宝藏

  271. **Cindy G** -- January 16, 2016 @ 8:42 pm  Reply

Awesome soup! Made mine today. Thanks for the recipe.

  272. Pingback: 101 Ways to Use Shredded Chicken (that aren't all soup and salad) | Over The Plain Houses

  273. **Cindy Clem** -- January 15, 2016 @ 11:27 am  Reply

I love this post. So glad I actually read it before getting to the recipe.
You've inspired me today, so thank you for that! Can't wait to try this soup,
too. :)

  274. Pingback: Recipe Round Up #7 - Level Up Your Dining

  275. Pingback: 20 Soups to Keep You Warm This Winter | Share My Recipe

  276. **Jayne** -- January 14, 2016 @ 10:34 am  Reply

Anyone try it with quinoa? thinking it might change the flavor…hmmmmm

  277. **Robin Baran** -- January 14, 2016 @ 12:05 am  Reply

Recipe looks delicious however the amount of ads made getting to the recipe a
challenge. Will take a screen shot of recipe to avoid this hassle in the
future. Sadly, won't revisit the blog for this reason.

  278. **Randi** -- January 12, 2016 @ 7:34 pm  Reply

I made this tonight it looks identical and I used all the same ingredients
except I think I made a mistake with the feta. I added it at the end,but now
the soup has this awful lingering smell. My husband can't stand the stench and
I'm wondering how you add it?

    * **Deuce** -- January 17, 2016 @ 11:10 pm  Reply

Randi, feta has a distinct smell. My mom can't stand it but I love it. Perhaps
your husband isn't a fan like my mom.

  279. **Rita Davis** -- January 5, 2016 @ 9:26 pm  Reply

has anyone made this and frozen the leftovers? I'm looking for a good soup
that freezes well for easy meals when busy.

    * **Fewd For Days** -- January 6, 2016 @ 8:58 pm  Reply

Yes. Froze mine and it was fine when defrosted and reheated. The chicken
texture changed slightly but not bad. Still good in my opinion.

  280. Pingback: Gluten-Free Fall Comfort Foods

  281. **Fewd For Days** -- January 2, 2016 @ 9:59 pm  Reply

Ok, I'm going to be "one of those" people lol. I'm reviewing a recipe I didn't
follow 100%. I lost count but I used anywhere from 9 to 11 cups of chicken
broth; half low sodium, half regular. Couldn't find pearl couscous at the
grocery store so I used Ditalini pasta. I don't like chives so I threw in some
parsley. Everything else was followed as written. It was a tad spicier than I
prefer, so I'll probably half the crushed red pepper next time. Overall, it's
really tasty. Definitely moving to the top of my homemade soup list. I love
the hint of lemon the zest gives. Thanks for a great recipe!

  282. Pingback: Greek Orzo Chicken Soup | Sweet Little Kitchen

  283. **Sheri K** -- December 27, 2015 @ 5:49 pm  Reply

This is wonderfly amazing and so easy to put together. Thank you for sharing!

  284. Pingback: Hearty Vegetable Soup | Bourbon and Honey

  285. Pingback: Answers | Fitness is Sweet

  286. **Barbara B** -- December 13, 2015 @ 4:01 pm  Reply

I just made this. I always half a recipe since I cook for only one. That was a
definite mistake on this soup. This is spot on delish,

  287. Pingback: Meal Plan with Shopping List | Week of November 15th

  288. **Tracey K** -- December 5, 2015 @ 7:25 pm  Reply

I made this and it is AmAzInG!! My husband is not a soup man, in fact he
actually never eats soup….However, he raved about this soup, like over and
over again….I was like "I don't even know you anymore!" So that made me super
excited and made this recipe a definite keeper! The flavor profile is so
perfect and with just the right amount of spiciness. Make this soup!!

  289. **jill** -- November 23, 2015 @ 2:52 pm  Reply

Just made this. I forgot to buy a lemon though, so I actually used a lime I
had on hand! Whoops. It was still delicious. And very easy :)

  290. **Paula Billas Parks** -- November 23, 2015 @ 12:16 am  Reply

Ooops Sommer….forgot to say that we add rice to ours:)

  291. **Paula Billas Parks** -- November 23, 2015 @ 12:11 am  Reply

Sommer, I'm Greek and grew up on Avgolemeno (official name for Greek Lemon
Chicken soup!) I am very interested to try your version of our soup…we make it
boiling a whole chicken, then using that broth combining eggs and lemon juice,
blending that into the broth which makes for a thicker texture. We cut the
chicken up, add it to the broth and then of course salt and pepper. I have
LOVED that soup since I was little (I'm 60 now) and make it for my family
often. Thanks for a new way to make Avgolemeno!!!!! Can't wait to try it:)

  292. **Molly** -- November 21, 2015 @ 1:20 pm  Reply

If I know I'll have leftovers (I live alone) should I go ahead and add the
feta immediately, or add it just before eating each time?

    * **Sommer** -- December 2, 2015 @ 7:36 am  Reply

Hi Molly! It's ok the add the feta at the beginning, even if you plan to have
leftovers. :)

  293. **Erica** -- November 19, 2015 @ 3:15 pm  Reply

I just made a pot of this and the house smells great! I love lemon so I added
the juice of the lemon as well and it really made a difference. Thanks so much
for the recipe!

  294. **Annie** -- November 16, 2015 @ 6:34 pm  Reply

Could this recipe be frozen? I would love to make a big batch for winter :)

    * **Sommer** -- November 17, 2015 @ 11:18 am  Reply

Hi Annie! I've never put it in the freezer, but there's nothing in it that
should cause an issue. :)

  295. **Valerie** -- November 15, 2015 @ 8:34 pm  Reply

How many calories is this soup?

  296. **julie** -- November 6, 2015 @ 9:43 pm  Reply

I clicked on this for the recipe but I am so moved by your post about feeling
average as a teen. This is a realistic wonderful message that is so needed in
today's hyper competitive atmosphere. Thank you and I plan on making the soup!

    * **Sommer** -- November 11, 2015 @ 9:06 pm  Reply

Thanks so much Julie. XOXO!

  297. **Cynthia M** -- November 1, 2015 @ 5:22 pm  Reply

This was so delicious, I made it to bring to a church potluck and it was a big
hit. I used fresh tortellini as my pasta to make it a little heartier. My only
small changes were: used dried parsley instead of chives, as I didn't have
any… doubled the feta, because, why not? :) and in the end decided to add the
juice of the lemon as well. So good. Definitely will go in my list of
favorites, and pulled together so quickly. Delicious and easy. Win-win.

  298. **Stephanie** -- October 29, 2015 @ 5:49 pm  Reply

Just made this for dinner and I love it! I'm picky with how broths taste and
this one is amazingly!

  299. **Mary** -- October 27, 2015 @ 11:04 am  Reply

Can you do this in a crockpot on low? I realize the soup doesn't take long to
prepare (so crockpot seems unnecessary) but I love use mine and the smell in
the house when something has been slow cooking in it all day. Just wondering
if doing so may overcook the cous cous.

Thanks!

    * **Sommer** -- November 11, 2015 @ 9:36 pm  Reply

Hi Mary, I haven't tried it in the crockpot, but I bet you could. I would
throw the cous cous in the last hour of cooking. :)

  300. **Nicole** -- October 25, 2015 @ 12:17 pm  Reply

Sounds delightful! Do you use lemon juice as well? I'm thinking it was
accidentally omitted from the ingredients. Can't wait to try it !

  301. **Janice Morgan** -- October 23, 2015 @ 6:54 pm  Reply

Looks delicious from when I would go to Greek town in Detroit and have all
kinds of food thanks for the memories

  302. **Jennifer** -- October 23, 2015 @ 10:48 am  Reply

I was wondering about that too. About if you use the lemon juice as well as
the zest?

    * **kay** -- January 22, 2017 @ 4:46 pm  Reply

Yes! Squeeze the lemons (I used 2, not 1), and add the juice close to the end
of the whole process. It really gives a nice edge/tang to it.

  303. **Linda** -- October 21, 2015 @ 8:35 am  Reply

Ok….do you just use the zest…not the juice from lemon??

    * **Sommer** -- October 28, 2015 @ 11:46 am  Reply

Yes, use the zest!

  304. **Jen** -- October 20, 2015 @ 12:32 pm  Reply

Can you substitute anything for the couscous?

    * **April** -- October 20, 2015 @ 10:28 pm  Reply

Orzo can be subbed. It's a rice shaped pasta noodle.

    * **Sommer** -- October 26, 2015 @ 8:59 am  Reply

Hi Jen, You can add any pasta you like!

      * **Jan** -- January 7, 2016 @ 4:32 pm 

What about quinoa-if one doesn't do wheat/gluten/pasta?

  305. **Tammy** -- October 19, 2015 @ 1:55 pm  Reply

This was AMAZING…incredibly tasty and filling. I was pressed for time so I
used pre-cooked Rotisserie chicken and it came out great!

  306. **Lily** -- October 11, 2015 @ 10:51 pm  Reply

Made this tonight and it was delicious and comforting. Kind of like chicken
noodle with a twist!

  307. **Ruby** -- October 9, 2015 @ 11:00 pm  Reply

Wonderful recipe! I tried it out and shared with my sister and her husband and
they loved it! It's light and refreshing yet the heat from the pepper flakes
gives it enough heat to warm you up on a cold evening. And it's so easy! I
even used rotisserie chicken breast and it turned out great! I'll make this
again! Thanks for posting!

  308. **Meg** -- October 4, 2015 @ 8:35 am  Reply

Sorry to be dense, but should the chicken be cooked prior to going in the
dish?

    * **Courtney** -- October 4, 2015 @ 10:10 am  Reply

I was wondering this too… Was planning on making this today

      * **Heidi** -- October 5, 2015 @ 9:59 am 

My first thought was the chicken cooks in the broth, but then when I read it
the directions again, it looks like its only in there for 10 minutes. I'm not
sure now. I'm making it tonight also.

      * **Maria** -- October 30, 2015 @ 10:18 pm 

I've never tried this recipe, but I'm Greek and I love chicken soup: don't get
boneless, skinless breasts. If a whole chicken is too much, get chicken
thighs, complete with fat, bones and skin. Boil them and then boil the
couscous (or rice, which is what we use in Greece) in the same water. And skip
the chicken stock.

There's absolutely no reason to use artificial chicken stock in a recipe like
this one.

    * **Jess** -- October 5, 2015 @ 7:28 pm  Reply

I cooked this tonight! The chicken goes in the dish while the broth is heating
up to a boil as well, so that 10 minutes gets extended quite a bit! Chicken
was wonderful!

      * **Julie** -- February 10, 2016 @ 10:06 pm 

I used rotisserie chicken and it was delicious. The feta and pepper flakes
were wonderful.

    * **Sommer** -- October 8, 2015 @ 6:39 pm  Reply

Hi Ladies! Sorry for the confusion. The chicken is in the hot broth while it
comes to a boil (usually several minutes) plus at least another 10 minutes of
simmering following, so it will cook through in the broth. No need to cook
before hand. :)

    * **Tricia Haddox** -- November 15, 2015 @ 7:04 pm  Reply

I was wondering the same thing

  309. **Danno** -- September 25, 2015 @ 8:55 am  Reply

I love soup! I have a poster in my office that says, "National Soup Month -
January," but every month is soup month in our house. We have a Greek
restaurant in town and it's not a complete meal unless I get the chicken lemon
soup, so I was very excited to see this recipe. It was so delicious, my wife
said it must be added to the regular rotation!

  310. **Lucero** -- September 22, 2015 @ 2:21 pm  Reply

I did this today, its delicious and suprisingly fullfilling

    * **Sommer** -- September 22, 2015 @ 11:36 pm  Reply

Hi Lucero, So glad to hear it!!

  311. **NanaScriv** -- September 20, 2015 @ 5:58 pm  Reply

So healthy and tasty. Love this soup!

  312. **Megan {Country Cleaver}** -- September 20, 2015 @ 4:15 pm  Reply

I love hearing about the kids - and with you and your perseverance to teach
them everything in your repertoire, I have no doubt they will be stellar
individuals. And this soup - I'm loving soup season!!

  313. **cupcakes** -- September 20, 2015 @ 8:18 am  Reply

these yellow and green made my week-end, this chicken with lemon soup seems
delicious

  314. **Shawn @ I Wash You Dry** -- September 19, 2015 @ 7:25 pm  Reply

Yum! I made a spring vegetable soup kind of like this once, it was lemon and
chicken. Which is an awesome combo! The feta over the top sounds awesome!

  315. **Liz** -- September 18, 2015 @ 8:18 pm  Reply

This soup reminds me of my childhood--my mom would bring home recipes from our
Greek neighbors down the street. I remember thinking that lemon soup sounded
just horrible. Now I'm dying to make it! Love your parenting style--it's
certain to help lift your children to be the best they can be!

  316. **Liz @ The Lemon Bow** -- September 18, 2015 @ 2:53 pm  Reply

Such a great post Sommer and I can relate to it in a lot of ways. Ironically,
as a child, I prayed to be average. I was over weight, under athletic,
unpopular - you name it. I was the ugly duckling that couldn't rely on her
looks and had no friends but I know now that God had a plan and my childhood
helped shape the adult I am today. Love this and Love this lemony soup!! We
always order avgolemono in Greek restaurants!

  317. **Maria** -- September 18, 2015 @ 11:26 am  Reply

The addition of lemon and feta sounds perfect!

  318. **Michelle** -- September 18, 2015 @ 9:53 am  Reply

I actually have all the ingredients (for once), so this is definitely on my
weekend list!

  319. **Julie @ Table for Two** -- September 18, 2015 @ 7:19 am  Reply

This looks so comforting and I love that it's a spin on the classic chicken
soup! It looks so good!!

    * **Pamela** -- November 7, 2016 @ 10:03 am  Reply

I made this soup this weekend and it was fantastic and very simple to make. It
was the perfect comfort food. I also made eggplant sandwiches with a tapenade.
My say the family loved the food.

### Hello & welcome  
to A Spicy Perspective!

I'm Sommer Collier... Travel Enthusiast, and the Resident Cookery Queen of A
Spicy Perspective. I'm here to help you make mealtime memorable, and life a
little spicy!

More About Me »

__________

### 5 SECRETS EVERY CHEF SHOULD KNOW

 **NEW! FREE EMAIL SERIES**  
My fav tips to make you a better cook...right now!

### Featured Posts

### 5 SECRETS EVERY CHEF SHOULD KNOW

 **NEW! FREE EMAIL SERIES**  
My fav tips to make you a better cook...right now!

  * ^ Back to Top
  * Home
  * About
  * Contact
  * Disclosure & Privacy

**(C) 2010 -- 2022 A Spicy Perspective.** _All Rights Reserved._

All images, recipes, and original text content are copyright protected. Do not
copy or publish A Spicy Perspective content without prior consent.

_Design byPurr._

  *   * 

  *   *   * 

