https://www.evolvingtable.com/peanut-sauce/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * Start Here
  * About
  * Contact

### SlickStream Icons

My RecipeTinSearch Recipes

  * 

Evolving Table

Healthier spins on your favorite classic recipes.

  * Email
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

### Mobile Only

  * Recipes
    * Browse by course
      * Appetizers
      * Breakfast
      * Dinner
      * Desserts
      * Drinks
      * Lunch
      * Sides
      * Salads
      * Soups
      * Sauces
    * Browse by diet
      * Gluten-Free
      * Low-Carb
      * Dairy-Free
      * Vegetarian
      * Vegan
      * Paleo
      * Paleo
      * Nut-Free
      * Soy-Free
      * Low-Fat
    * Browse by holiday
      * Thanksgiving
      * Christmas
      * New Year's Eve
      * Game Day
      * Valentine's Day
      * Mardi Gras
      * Easter
      * Cinco de Mayo
      * July 4th
    * Browse all recipes
  * Home
  * Contact
  * Shop
  * Meal Plans
  * Kitchen Tips
    * How-To's
    * Ingredient Guides
    * Tools & Accessories
    * Health Info

Home » Recipes » Peanut Sauce Recipe

April 1, 2022

# Peanut Sauce Recipe

London BrazilPublished on April 1, 2022

Filed Under: Appetizers & Snacks, Dairy-Free, Dinner, Gluten-Free, Low-Carb,
Low-Fat, Recipes, Refined Sugar-Free, Sauces, Vegan, Vegetarian, Whole30
Tagged With: dairy free, dip, Fall, Gluten free, low-carb, peanut butter,
peanut sauce, refined sugar free, sauce, Spring, Summer, Thai, under 15
minutes, vegan, vegetarian, whole30, Winter

  * Pin
  * Share
  * Yummly

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

__This quick and easy_ ** _Peanut Sauce_** _recipe can be made with just a few
simple ingredients in 5 minutes or less! Creamy peanut butter, savory soy
sauce, a touch of sugar, and the heat of Sriracha makes for a delectably
smooth, spicy-sweet flavor. Whether used as a dip for fresh spring rolls or
chicken satay, or drizzled over noodles and salads, this homemade Thai
dressing is guaranteed to please.__

Asian dishes are well known for their complexity of flavor, but what if I were
to tell you that you are only 5 minutes and 6 simple ingredients away from one
of the BEST Thai dipping sauces ever?

This super simple **Peanut Sauce** is ultra creamy, a little sweet, just a bit
tangy, and comes with a pleasantly spicy kick.

Peanut butter is mixed with flavor-packed ingredients such as rich soy sauce,
a sweetener like brown sugar, spicy Sriracha, aromatic garlic, acidic rice
vinegar, and just a touch of water until delectably smooth and silky.

Try dipping your favorite **Vietnamese Fresh Spring Rolls** in it, or
drizzling it atop some **Asian Chicken Lettuce Wraps**, **Thai Zucchini Noodle
Salad**, or these **PF Chang 's Lettuce Wraps**. I guarantee you'll quickly
find yourself coming up with all sorts of interesting recipes where this super
easy, addicting sauce can be used!

## Ingredients

The simple ingredients you need to make this **Peanut Sauce** recipe ****
include:

  * **Peanut butter**. A smooth peanut butter without any added sugar is best. This gives you the chance to adjust the sweetness of the sauce to your preference.
  *  **Soy sauce**. This adds a salty, umami flavor. Gluten-free varieties or Tamari sauce may be used to avoid products with gluten, and coconut liquid aminos also work as a soy-free alternative.
  *  **Sugar**. Brown sugar will taste the best, but honey and agave nectar may be used if you'd like a healthier alternative. If on a low-carb or keto diet, you can also substitute with a non-nutritive sweetener such as stevia.
  *  **Sriracha sauce**. This spicy, lightly sweet condiment helps bring as much or as little heat as you'd like, for an extra kick.
  *  **Rice vinegar**. An acidic component gives it a nice tanginess, and cuts through some of the oily richness of the peanut butter. Rice vinegar is the most common and authentic type to use, but fresh lime juice may also be used.
  *  **Garlic**. A clove of fresh garlic is preferred, but ⅛ teaspoon of garlic powder can be substituted for each clove. 
  *  **Water**. This helps to thin out the sauce until it is a good consistency for dipping or drizzling, as desired.

## How to Make Peanut Sauce

The basic steps for making Peanut Sauce are simple to follow. _Please see the
recipe card below for more detailed ingredient amounts._

### Mix the Main Ingredients

Add all of the ingredients except for the water to a medium-sized mixing bowl.
Whisk them together until smooth and well combined.

If the peanut butter is too difficult to whisk at room temperature, it can be
warmed for 10-20 seconds in the microwave to soften it up and make it easier
to mix with the other ingredients.

### Whisk in Water

When all the other ingredients are combined, slowly whisk in 1 tablespoon of
warm water at a time. This will help to thin out the sauce to the desired
consistency - going slightly thicker for a dipping sauce, and slightly thinner
for a drizzling sauce or dressing.

About 3-6 tablespoons of water should help it get to the right consistency,
but adjust accordingly based on preference.

By the time the desired amount of water is fully whisked in, the sauce should
have returned to a lighter brown color, similar to that of the peanut butter.

Serve the sauce with **Vietnamese Fresh Spring Rolls**, and enjoy!

Incorporate the water 1 tablespoon at a time. Whisk the sauce until smooth.

## Meal Prep and Storage

  * **To Prep-Ahead:** Homemade peanut sauce can be prepared up to 3-4 days in advance, however the sauce will gradually start to lose some of its flavor over time.
  *  **To Store:** Prepared peanut sauce can be kept in an airtight container in the fridge for up to 2 weeks.
  *  **To Freeze:** Leftover sauce can be frozen in an airtight, freezer-safe container for up to 4-6 months.
  *  **To Reheat:** Stored peanut sauce may be left out on the counter for an hour before serving, or microwaved in the oven for 10-20 seconds to make it smooth and creamy.

## Dietary Modifications

The recipe you'll find below is already vegetarian and vegan as written. Here
are some adjustments and substitutions you can make to help it fit your other
dietary requirements:

  * **Gluten-Free:** Substitute soy sauce for a gluten-free variety, or for Tamari sauce, which is prepared without wheat. 
  *  **Peanut-Free:** Use almond or cashew butter in the place of the peanut butter. 
  *  **Low-Carb:** Instead of sugar, use a non-nutritive sweetener such as stevia extract.
  *  **Whole30:** Use almond or cashew butter, coconut sugar or honey, apple cider vinegar, and a hot sauce without any added sugars.
  *  **Soy-Free:** Substitute the soy sauce or Tamari sauce for coconut liquid aminos, which bear a similar taste without the soy. 
  *  **Refined Sugar-Free:** Replace the brown sugar with honey, agave nectar, or coconut sugar.

## FAQS

****Are peanut sauce and satay sauce the same thing?****

While peanut sauce can technically refer to any sauce featuring peanuts or
peanut butter, satay sauce is the form of preparation generally involving soy
sauce, sugar, chili sauce, and water. Despite its association with dishes like
spring rolls, the trend of referring to this variety of peanut sauce as "satay
sauce" comes from its actual origins in Indonesia, where it was originally
intended to be served alongside satay, a dish of grilled, skewered meat.

****What do you use peanut sauce for?****

Peanut sauce can be used for a wide variety of Asian dishes, such as
Vietnamese spring rolls, Thai lettuce wraps, Indonesian satay, or Pad Thai
with a nutty kick. However, it also serves as a delicious accompaniment to
steaks, crispy-fried tofu, salads, slaws, fresh vegetables for dipping, and
much more.

****How do you thicken peanut sauce?****

Before it has been thinned out with water, peanut sauce already has a very
thick consistency. However if it has been thinned out a little too much, try
putting it in the fridge for a short amount of time to solidify a bit, or
carefully whisk in a little more peanut butter to thicken it back up. Keep in
mind that this may alter the flavor of the sauce, and require additional
adjustments to taste.

****Why are some peanut sauce recipes cooked on the stovetop and others
not?****

It comes down to preference and preparation technique. Some recipes where the
sauce is being used in a hot dish may call for it to be prepared very warm, or
some cooks may find it easier to incorporate all of the ingredients when the
sauce is heated on the stovetop. However, if it is simply being used as a
dipping sauce or in a tossed salad, for example, there is no need for it to be
heated through.

## Expert Tips and Tricks

  * **Warm it up.** To make the sauce easier to stir, microwave the peanut butter for 10 seconds before adding it, and use warm water instead of cold to thin it out.
  *  **Prep in bulk.** Peanut sauce reheats beautifully, so make a double or triple batch and portion it out to freeze until ready to use it.
  *  **Watch the spice.** Start by adding just a little bit of Sriracha to the sauce and tasting it, gradually adding more and testing until it reaches your desired level of spice. 
  *  **Make it creamy.** For a thinner, mellower, extra creamy sauce that's perfect for tossing with noodles or salads, try replacing the water with coconut milk.
  *  **Experiment with flavors.** Implementing ingredients like sesame oil, fresh ginger, coconut milk, alternative nut butters, or lime juice within the sauce can help yield different results.

## More Asian Peanut Sauce Recipes

This incredibly versatile sauce makes for the perfect spicy-sweet
accompaniment to loads of delicious Asian dishes:

  * **Asian Chicken Lettuce Wraps**
  *  **Ground Chicken Thai Lettuce Wraps**
  *  **Vietnamese Fresh Spring Rolls**
  *  **Thai Peanut Sauce Chicken and Veggies**
  *  **Peanut Butter Sriracha Brussels Sprouts**
  *  **Thai Peanut Quinoa Salad**
  *  **Thai Zucchini Noodle Salad**
  *  **Easy Pad Thai**

5 from 8 votes

## Easy Peanut Sauce Recipe

This quick and easy **Peanut Sauce** recipe can be made with just a few simple
ingredients in 5 minutes or less! Creamy peanut butter, savory soy sauce, a
touch of sugar, and the heat of Sriracha makes for a delectably smooth, spicy-
sweet flavor.

Print Comment

  * Pin It

Course dip, sauce

Cuisine Asian

Keyword dip, sauce, thai

Prep Time 5 minutes

Total Time 5 minutes

Servings 12 servings

Calories 75 kcal

London Brazil

### Ingredients

  * ½ cup peanut butter smooth
  * 2 Tbsp. soy sauce Tamari or gluten-free
  * 2 Tbsp. brown sugar honey or coconut sugar
  * 1 Tbsp. rice vinegar or lime juice
  * 1 clove garlic finely minced
  * ½-1 tsp. Sriracha sauce to taste
  * 3-6 Tbsp warm water

### Instructions

  1. Add all ingredients, except for the water, to a medium-sized bowl.

  2. Whisk until well smooth and well combined.

  3. Slowly add in warm water 1 tablespoon at a time to help thin it out.

  4. This recipe makes roughly ¾ cup of sauce, or 12 tablespoons. Serve sauce with _**Fresh Spring Rolls**_ and enjoy!

### Recipe Video

### Recipe Notes

#### Meal Prep and Storage

  * **To Prep-Ahead:** Homemade peanut sauce can be prepared up to 3-4 days in advance, however the sauce will gradually start to lose some of its flavor over time.
  * **To Store:** Prepared peanut sauce can be kept in an airtight container in the fridge for up to 2 weeks.
  * **To Freeze:** Leftover sauce can be frozen in an airtight, freezer-safe container for up to 4-6 months.
  * **To Reheat:** Stored peanut sauce may be left out on the counter for an hour before serving, microwaved in the oven for 10-20 seconds, or heated in a small saucepan on the stove, constantly stirring until smooth and creamy.

Nutrition Facts

Easy Peanut Sauce Recipe

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 75 Calories from Fat 45

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 5g **8%**

Saturated Fat 1g **6%**

 **Sodium** 193mg **8%**

 **Potassium** 80mg **2%**

 **Carbohydrates** 5g **2%**

Fiber 1g **4%**

Sugar 3g **3%**

 **Protein** 3g **6%**

**Vitamin A** 1IU **0%**

 **Vitamin C** 1mg **1%**

 **Calcium** 8mg **1%**

 **Iron** 1mg **6%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Note: Some of the links in this post may be affiliate links.

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name

Email

Website

Notify me via e-mail if anyone answers my comment.

Δ

### Most Recent Recipes

  * Crispy Southern Corn Fritters
  * Roasted Tomato Salsa
  * How to Dice a Tomato
  * Cucumber Tomato Salad

### Author Box - Mobile Only

#### Hey!! I'm London.

Come join me as we cook up **_uncomplicated healthy recipes_** your family
will love, learn the basics of **_nutritious eating,_** and begin to slowly
evolve..one healthy bite at a time!  

First Time? Start Here!

#### 5 Secrets to Healthier Family Dinners

Tips & recipes for getting yummy -- and healthy -- meals on the table.

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Delia says

July 27, 2022 at 2:28 pm

  
I'm not a fan of Sriracha sauce. Is there something that I can use that is not
hot or better yet do I have to use it?

Reply

    * London Brazil says

August 1, 2022 at 2:52 pm

You can absolutely leave out the Sriracha. Or, you could try another hot
sauce, there are varying levels of heat available.

Reply

  2. Brent L. Reid says

July 18, 2022 at 8:35 pm

Your peanut sauce recipe ingredients should have said, "2 tsp. soy sauce",
not, "2 Tbsp. soy sauce". Also, you forgot to say, "mince garlic clove" after
you said to crush it. Your sauce came out dark and salty but still tasty.

Reply

    * London Brazil says

July 19, 2022 at 11:05 am

Perhaps try to use a low-sodium soy sauce instead?

Reply

## Primary Sidebar

****

#### Thanks for stopping by!!

I'm London! Join me as we cook up _**nourishing meals**_ for you and your
loved ones and learn a few healthy _**cooking tips and tricks**_!

First Time? Start Here!

Save

Save

Search

Gluten-Free

Vegan

Vegetarian

Paleo

Low-Carb

Dairy-Free

Refined

Sugar-Free

Low-Fat

### Mobile Only

Gluten-Free

Vegan

Vegetarian

Paleo

Low-Carb

Dairy-Free

Refined

Sugar-Free

Low-Fat

#### 5 Secrets to Healthier Family Dinners

Tips & recipes for getting yummy -- and healthy -- meals on the table.

  * Email
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

### Recent Recipes

Crispy Southern Corn Fritters

Egg Roll in a Bowl

Roasted Tomato Salsa

How to Dice a Tomato

Cucumber Tomato Salad

Pickled Garlic

### Seasonal Recipes

Creamy Pumpkin Soup

Slow Cooker Chicken Tortilla Soup

Roasted Butternut Squash with Maple

Roasted Butternut Squash Soup

How to Roast Garlic

Chili Seasoning Recipe

## Footer

### Featured On:

Save

  * Home
  * Get In Touch
  * Shop
  * Meal Plans
  * Kitchen Tips
  * Recipes
  * Privacy

Copyright(C) 2022 * Designed by Deluxe Designs

  *   *   * 

  *   *   * 

My 5 Secrets to Making FAST Family Dinners

FREE EMAIL BONUS

Tips & recipes for getting yummy...and healthy...meals on the table

YES, I WANT THIS

