https://www.foxandbriar.com/the-best-thai-peanut-sauce-recipe/


#### Panzanella Salad

#### Thai Iced Tea

#### Easy Peach Crisp

#### Easy Chicken Satay

#### Chocolate Chip Banana Bread

#### Easy Fruit Salad

#### Thai Basil Beef

  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

Fox and Briar

Eat. Drink. Live.

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
    * Contact
    * Resources
      * Blogging Resources
      * Food Resources
  * Privacy Policy
  * ## Nav Social Menu

    * Bloglovin
    * Facebook
    * Google+
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * Twitter

  * search...

Home › All Recipes › The Best Thai Peanut Sauce Recipe

# The Best Thai Peanut Sauce Recipe

by Meghan on September 10, 2018 382

214812shares

  * Pin214798
  * Share14
  * Tweet
  * Email

How to make the best Thai Peanut Sauce ever! This Peanut Sauce Recipe can be
used as a dipping sauce, salad dressing, for peanut noodles or with chicken
satay.  

_Disclosure: This post contains affiliate links, which means that if you
purchase the items I recommend through the links I provide, I get a small
commission. For more info, please see mydisclosure policy. Thanks for
supporting Fox and Briar!_

Hello friends! Today I am sharing a recipe that I spent years perfecting. This
is my recipe for the Best Thai Peanut Sauce Ever. I use this recipe as a
peanut dipping sauce, as a dressing for salads, to make peanut noodles and
anything else I think needs a punch of flavor from peanut sauce.  

## How do you make Thai Peanut Sauce?

This recipe for Thai Peanut Sauce uses everyday ingredients that are easy to
find at the grocery store. Although many Thai peanut sauce recipes use coconut
milk, this peanut sauce recipe does not. All you need to do is whisk together
peanut butter with soy sauce, rice vinegar, lime juice, chili garlic sauce,
brown sugar, ginger, garlic and water. This is a simple, no cook peanut sauce!  
A few notes about this recipe:

  * You can make this spicy peanut sauce by using more chili garlic sauce. You can sub sriracha if you have it on hand, but I prefer the flavor of chili garlic sauce.
  * You can use honey instead of brown sugar, however I find that the flavor of the peanut sauce is better with brown sugar.
  * Use more water to thin the sauce and use as a peanut sauce dressing for salad.
  * What can you dip in this peanut sauce? Spring rolls, lettuce wraps, veggies, chicken, coconut shrimp, tofu. You can use this peanut dipping sauce for just about anything!

## Best Ever Thai Peanut Sauce Recipe

How to make the best Thai Peanut Sauce ever! This Peanut Sauce Recipe can be
used as a dipping sauce, salad dressing, for peanut noodles or with chicken
satay.

4.82 from 120 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Dinner, sauce

Cuisine: Thai

Keyword: Dairy Free, Gluten Free, Make Ahead, Peanut Sauce, Vegan Recipes,
Vegetarian recipes

Prep Time: 5 minutes

Total Time: 5 minutes

Servings: 1 Cups

Calories: 226kcal

Author: Meghan McMorrow | Fox and Briar

### Ingredients

  * 1/2 cup peanut butter natural, unsweetened
  * 2 tablespoons low sodium soy sauce use tamari or coconut aminos for gluten free
  * 1  tablespoon rice vinegar
  * 2  tablespoons brown sugar
  * 2 teaspoons chili garlic sauce more or less to taste
  * 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice
  * 3 garlic cloves pressed or grated
  * 1 tablespoon ginger root grated
  * 2-4 tablespoons warm water

### Instructions

  * Combine all ingredients except water.  Whisk to fully combine.

  * Add water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until desired consistency is reached. I normally use 2 tablespoons for a sauce and up to four if using it for a dressing. 

### Video

### Notes

I use unsweetened peanut butter. If you use conventional peanut butter the
sauce may turn out too sweet. Try reducing the brown sugar to 1 tablespoon.

### Nutrition

Serving: 0.25cups | Calories: 226kcal | Carbohydrates: 15g | Protein: 9g |
Fat: 16g | Saturated Fat: 3g | Sodium: 540mg | Potassium: 233mg | Fiber: 2g |
Sugar: 9g | Vitamin C: 1.8mg | Calcium: 23mg | Iron: 0.8mg

Nutritional information is an estimate for your convenience. If you have
strict nutritional needs, please do your due diligence to make sure this
recipe fits your needs.

Did you like this recipe?Please comment, rate and share! And don’t forget to
tag me on Instagram @foxandbriar AND #foxandbriar so I can see what you made!

Instant Pot

 __Brown Sugar Cardamom LattePizza Dip Stuffed Mushrooms __

### You May Also Like:

  * Panzanella Salad
  * Easy Peach Crisp
  * Chocolate Chip Banana Bread

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Conrad says

August 3, 2022 at 4:52 pm

  
I made two batches,one with the garlic and one without,we really enjoyed the
one without and added an extra Tb.of garlic sauce.

Reply

  2. Michele says

August 2, 2022 at 7:49 pm

  
Simple and better than a lot of restaurants serve!

Reply

  3. K Flowers says

July 27, 2022 at 7:05 pm

We have enjoyed this recipe. It is the best one I’ve found so far, and I have
been looking for years. Thanks for sharing it.

Reply

    * Meghan says

July 28, 2022 at 9:22 am

I'm so happy to hear that!

Reply

  4. Tyi says

July 24, 2022 at 12:36 pm

OMG!!!!! This is SOOOOOOOOO good! I went with the sriracha as that’s all I had
on hand and it does not disappoint. I’m making a chicken thigh and hearty
veggie stir fry over cauliflower rice and this is going to be DELICIOUS on
top! So glad I clicked here.

Reply

    * Meghan says

July 25, 2022 at 10:21 am

I'm so happy you loved it!

Reply

  5. Juliet says

July 20, 2022 at 5:59 pm

  
thanks for a great recipe! So yummy!

Reply

  6. Aub says

July 15, 2022 at 9:00 pm

Authentic and delicious. The ginger was too much so we’ll cut back to maybe
1/2 tbsp and add as needed next time. Also subbed agave for brown sugar. Glad
I found this recipe, thank you!

Reply

  7. Tom says

July 9, 2022 at 6:52 pm

Used this as a dipping sauce for a bbq curry chicken thighs. Fantastic! I made
dozens of peanut sauces, every one had fish sauce, this doesn’t, so I was a
bit skeptical. I was dead wrong…this is the winner. Well done.

Reply

    * Meghan says

July 9, 2022 at 7:48 pm

So glad to hear that!

Reply

  8. Susan Pesznecker says

July 9, 2022 at 3:41 pm

  
Please add a "Jump to Recipe" button! 🙂

Reply

  9. Emma says

June 19, 2022 at 1:31 pm

  
Absolutely the best peanut sauce recipe I have ever tried. My mum hates
peanuts but she really enjoyed this. From now on, this is my go-to.

Reply

    * Meghan says

June 20, 2022 at 9:33 am

I'm so glad you love it!

Reply

  10. Liz says

June 1, 2022 at 3:12 pm

  
I used it on Turkey because we are allergic to chicken and it was SOOO good.
Very flavorful. I just finished filling out a recipe card to go in my recipe
box!!! it's a keeper.

Reply

    * Meghan says

June 2, 2022 at 10:47 am

I'm so glad you loved it!

Reply

      * JJ says

June 16, 2022 at 10:38 pm

  
This is a really delicious sauce but the nutrition facts are very skewed… A
1/2 cup of peanut butter has 750 calories so if the serving's one cup it's
like over 1000 calories? What exactly is the serving size for the 220 cal???

Reply

        * Meghan says

June 17, 2022 at 9:27 am

Hi JJ, a serving is 1/4 cup (you can see that on the bottom in the nutrition
facts). The whole recipe makes about 1 cup. These nutrition facts are just an
estimate though, my recipe builder calculates the nutrition based on the
ingredients. I always encourage people to use a calorie counting app to figure
out the exact nutrition facts if it is a concern. Many people use My Fitness
Pal or Lose it.

Reply

  11. Weegie says

May 24, 2022 at 5:45 pm

  
I would eat Mongolian Grill with spicy peanut sauce from the cafeteria where I
work almost every week. The peanut sauce was amazing!! Then we started working
from home and I really missed it. I tried several recipes for the peanut sauce
but they just did not taste the same. This recipe is almost spot on!!! I am
one happy lady 🙂

Reply

    * Meghan says

May 25, 2022 at 9:51 am

I'm so happy you love it!

Reply

  12. Lynn says

May 24, 2022 at 7:01 am

  
Delish! I doubled the sauce, as I had a lb. of chicken tenders and a large
head of broccoli that I needed to cook. I sauteed the garlic, only had dried
ginger, but that worked fine. Heated the sauce in the microwave to melt the
peanut butter, then added it to the pan with the sauteed chicken and broccoli.
Ate it over Soba noodles. I had planned to share some of the dish with my
neighbor, but I'm hogging all the leftovers for myself, 🙂

Reply

    * Meghan says

May 24, 2022 at 11:52 am

I'm so glad you loved it!

Reply

  13. Elena says

May 14, 2022 at 4:22 pm

This dip was lovely. After trying other recipes finally found a winner. Went
lovely with our fresh spring rolls. Definitely a keeper! Thanks for sharing.

Reply

  14. Hayley says

May 14, 2022 at 1:17 pm

  
I've made this a few times now and I love it because I usually have all of the
ingredients in the house. I have added some light coconut milk instead of
water to thin it out more. We usually put it over stir fired veggies and
prawns or chicken over rice. Top with green onions and peanuts and it's a hit
every time.

Reply

  15. Kim says

May 6, 2022 at 2:48 pm

  
Fabulous as a dip or dressing. A little goes a long way as a salad dressing.

Reply

  16. Steve says

May 4, 2022 at 5:31 pm

I keep finding myself coming back to this one. Quick, fast and delish!

Reply

    * Meghan says

May 5, 2022 at 11:09 am

I'm so glad you like it!

Reply

  17. Francie says

April 27, 2022 at 3:10 pm

For how long does this sauce remain good in the refrigerator?

Reply

    * marnie says

June 2, 2022 at 8:50 pm

i freeze mine as it makes a lot xx

Reply

      * Meghan says

June 3, 2022 at 8:35 pm

Great tip, thank you!

Reply

  18. Alicia says

April 18, 2022 at 11:08 am

  
Amazing and so flavourful! I used regular Kraft pb so only used one T of sugar
as suggested. I also cooked it for a few minutes on low to cook off the
rawness of the garlic and ginger. It was lovely on a rice noodle stir fry.
Thanks!

Reply

  19. Nicoel says

April 15, 2022 at 10:38 pm

I loved this recipe because it gives you the base in order to make this sauce
your own. I didn’t have 1/2 a cup of peanut butter so I did half of peanut and
the rest of tahini sauce and it came out really good. I also add so sesame oil
and a few more tablespoons of warm water and the used my immersion blender to
make it smooth and it was really good with spring rolls

Reply

  20. Michelle Marasco says

April 15, 2022 at 12:24 pm

  
Very good recipie, I used to heat the peanut butter on the stove and that is
where I went wrong. The only thing I did was add a little honey.

Reply

  21. Esther says

April 2, 2022 at 2:29 pm

  
Love this recipe and so easy to make! It was a hit with my family!

Reply

  22. Barbara Davis says

March 31, 2022 at 6:49 pm

  
"Best" is a big stretch. It's just not that good. I've made others that were
addicting. This is absolutely not that.

Reply

    * Nicole says

April 15, 2022 at 10:25 pm

Can you provide the recipes of the ones you found addicting ?

Reply

    * Jerry says

June 10, 2022 at 6:09 am

Barbara if you’re going to make wild accusations, please back it up by sharing
these recipes

Reply

    * JD says

June 19, 2022 at 6:27 am

Barbara, your taste may not be the same as others. I am just not sure why you
felt the point to make this kind of statement. In a world where everything is
upside down, can we not just read a recipe and enjoy it? Peace to you.

Reply

    * Drew says

June 23, 2022 at 9:39 am

Babs, you are what is wrong with the internet and people in general. I wish
you diarrhea on your birthday.

Reply

  23. Karina says

March 19, 2022 at 5:07 am

  
Oh my God! This is soooo good. I was looking for a recipe today as an
accompaniment to spring rolls and this peanut sauce turned out heavenly. I
could eat it with anything and everything. I bet it would taste good on ice-
cream too 😉

Reply

    * Meghan says

March 19, 2022 at 10:10 am

So happy to hear that!

Reply

  24. Shelly says

March 3, 2022 at 10:43 am

I love this sauce! I’ve been using it for quite a while now and it’s so yummy!
I do thin out the sauce right away with the about 1/8th cup of warm water. I
would recommend it for any type of vegetable, rice wraps, salads and a
dressing.

Reply

    * Meghan says

March 6, 2022 at 9:50 am

So happy you love it!

Reply

  25. Isabel Baxter says

February 16, 2022 at 3:32 pm

This sauce is delicious! 😋😋😋

Reply

  26. Maureen says

February 4, 2022 at 8:56 am

  
I was able to throw this together using items on hand (was lucky to have
chili-garlic sauce in my fridge, some impulse purchase from before)…WOW! This
is a keeper!! I'm so glad this was the first recipe I tried. I used natural,
unsweetened peanut butter and only had powdered ginger and it was still
amazing. It was all we could do to not eat the entire batch. 😂

Reply

    * Meghan says

February 10, 2022 at 4:58 pm

I'm so glad you liked it!

Reply

  27. Pamela Kay Good says

February 1, 2022 at 9:37 am

OMG! This is freaking delicious!!!! I am HOOKED!!! Thank you for sharing this.

Reply

    * Meghan says

February 2, 2022 at 9:53 am

So glad you liked it!

Reply

  28. d nigon says

January 25, 2022 at 3:07 pm

  
This peanut sauce is delicious!! I added a little heat to it with some hatch
chili pepper juice I had frozen and only added 1 T of brown sugar since I used
regular jarred peanut butter. I added mine to GF fettucine noodles along with
diced precooked chicken thigh meat. Wonderful!! TY! I'll use it again for
sure!

Reply

    * Meghan says

February 2, 2022 at 9:50 am

So glad you liked it!

Reply

  29. Tamera Guarnieri says

January 17, 2022 at 9:25 pm

  
Made this tonight and it was so yummy! I am on a low sodium diet so I
exchanged the Soy Sauce for Worcestershire sauce. This swap doesn't always
have the best results but with so many other amazing flavors in the sauce it
was perfect. My husband didn't notice and he thought the sauce was great. I
did add a little more lime juice which helps bring up the sodium taste. Anyone
watching their sodium try this recipe with my exchanges and you'll be so happy
to have a wonderful sauce in your cooking repertoire.

Reply

  30. Michelle says

January 7, 2022 at 2:29 pm

This is a FANTASTIC dip/ dressing. I made this for a small New Year’s Eve
gathering as a dip for spring rolls, and then added water after the fact and I
drizzled this on everything! It’s so good. And you change it up every time
when you add in hot sauce and/or ginger. If you modify the amounts slightly,
you get so many different layers of flavor! So good.

Reply

  31. Sally Chapman says

January 3, 2022 at 1:40 am

  
Wow! This was a delicious full bodied peanut sauce flavour. Admittedly:  
- all my measurements were heaped,  
- the PB was super crunchy and thick,  
- I forgot the ginger,  
- didn't want the sugar,  
- used white vinegar instead of rice vinegar, and  
- added approx quarter cup warm water for a thinner consistency. 

It produced approx. a cup of sauce at medium thickness. It wasn't acidic.
There was plenty of flavour and the remainder can go in the fridge for next
time. Will definitely adapt it for rice paper rolls, a dip for veges/ crackers
or kebab sticks. Great find indeed. Thanks for sharing 😊

Reply

  32. Natalie says

December 5, 2021 at 11:33 am

Tastes perfect!

Reply

  33. Mizz P says

November 24, 2021 at 12:36 pm

  
Excellent, easy recipe! I only had peanut butter SPREAD which had sugar and
honey so I left out the brown sugar completely. I used jarred giner and garlic
so it was even quicker! Also, doubled up the recipe to have some for later.
Bookmarked!

Reply

    * Meghan says

December 6, 2021 at 3:10 pm

I'm so happy you loved it!

Reply

    * Bess says

May 14, 2022 at 1:49 pm

Added coconut milk it was perfect.

Reply

  34. Karman Foods says

November 22, 2021 at 7:10 am

  
It's indeed the best Thai Peanut Sauce recipe! I used the authentic Red Boat
Fish Sauce and a bit of Kikkoman Ponzu Citrus Seasoned Dressing & Sauce for a
more flavorful taste. The kids loved it, too! Best paired with their favorite
Vitasoy Melon Flavor Soy Drink.

Reply

  35. Cassandra says

November 15, 2021 at 2:33 pm

This is so dang good…. enough said!!!

Reply

  36. Michelle says

November 12, 2021 at 6:47 pm

Oh my gosh the peanut sauce is delicious!  
Thank you for sharing!

Reply

  37. Caren Feinberg says

November 6, 2021 at 12:44 pm

Amazingly delicious!

Reply

  38. Mia says

November 6, 2021 at 11:22 am

Love this recipe!! I use it all the time with rice noodles. I was wondering if
I can make it ahead and save the sauce? How long is it good for in the fridge?

Reply

    * Meghan says

December 6, 2021 at 5:21 pm

Hi, I usually don't keep it for very long (we eat it too fast!) but it should
be good in the fridge for at least a week. Some readers have told me they
freeze it.

Reply

      * Tina says

March 3, 2022 at 6:10 am

Could you make batches an can it?

Reply

        * Meghan says

March 6, 2022 at 9:50 am

Hi Tina - I'm not sure, I haven't ever tried that.

Reply

          * Dagny Taggart says

June 16, 2022 at 11:40 am

Too much fat, not enough acid and sugar for canning.

          * Meghan says

June 16, 2022 at 3:18 pm

Thank you!

    * Nicole says

December 19, 2021 at 12:13 pm

So good! Made it and put it on my salmon and rice!

Reply

      * Sally says

January 3, 2022 at 1:41 am

Yummy! Must try that 😊

Reply

  39. Natalie says

November 5, 2021 at 11:01 am

My new "best" peanut sauce! Five stars! Perfect for me, a "spice girl", but I
will reduce the chili sauce for guests.

Reply

    * Natalie says

November 5, 2021 at 11:03 am

Oops! This is a five-star recipe for me. I don't know what happened!

Reply

  40. Riki H. says

November 4, 2021 at 11:36 am

  
Love this recipe! I double it using peanut butter powder and only 1/2 the
brown sugar. I have it almost everyday for lunch over rae zucchini noodles
with some cilantro, green onions, and a drizzle of sesame and chili
oil…addictive!

Reply

  41. brian says

November 2, 2021 at 12:12 pm

  
It covers all the bases. Thank you!

Reply

    * Meghan says

November 4, 2021 at 10:25 am

So happy to hear that!

Reply

  42. charisse says

October 11, 2021 at 4:21 pm

  
oh lord this is a good sauce! thank you for sharing!

Reply

  43. Olivia says

September 27, 2021 at 8:59 pm

So easy and delicious!! Used it on our chicken satay lunch bowls for this
week.

Reply

  44. Daphne says

September 22, 2021 at 1:07 am

  
Delicious! Added a bit more water - I used crunchy peanut butter.  
Had it with vege stirfry and udon noodles.

Reply

  45. Rae Douglas says

September 19, 2021 at 10:37 pm

Love this recipe! Anyone know the recommended serving size? Trying to
calculate macros for this recipe.  
Thanks!!

Reply

  46. Jen Smith says

September 19, 2021 at 4:41 pm

Excellent!!

Reply

  47. Susanna says

September 18, 2021 at 11:19 am

  
I've tried quite a few peanut sauce recipes and this is the best one ever!
This is my go-to recipe from now on. Thank you for sharing it! A pet peeve of
mine is reviews where people sub out everything and then give a bad review,
but I did substitute one thing, and it still came out great. I did not have
any peanut butter in the house, so I used unsweetened PB2 peanut butter powder
- ½ cup, and it was still delicious, and fat-free, too!

Reply

    * Joanne says

February 23, 2022 at 8:51 am

Did you mix water with the PB2 peanut butter powder or just use the powder by
itself? I love that you lightened it (fat-wise).

Reply

  48. Lacey A says

September 3, 2021 at 9:36 am

  
I cooked mine for few minutes and added noodles and veg. Easy to make and
tasted good:)

Reply

    * Meghan says

September 4, 2021 at 1:56 pm

So glad you loved it!

Reply

  49. Lee says

August 25, 2021 at 3:52 pm

  
Exceptional..close to my Thai friend's recipe. I like adding some chunky
peanut butter at the end for nutty texture. I reduced the garlic chili by half
because I can't handle the too hot.

Reply

    * Meghan says

August 28, 2021 at 2:14 pm

So glad to hear that you like it!

Reply

    * Taylor says

September 14, 2021 at 6:06 pm

Do they sell garlic chili or is it a homemade herb blend of dried chili &
garlic

Reply

      * Meghan says

November 4, 2021 at 12:51 pm

It is a ready made condiment you can buy. It is usually near the sriracha in
the grocery store!

Reply

  50. Lori says

August 25, 2021 at 1:25 pm

  
I have made several times and shared with friends also.  
Easy and delicous!

Reply

    * Meghan says

August 28, 2021 at 2:16 pm

Yay! So glad you love it!

Reply

  51. Marjorie Faisst says

August 9, 2021 at 1:57 pm

My family and I cannot get enough of this sauce! It truly is the best.

Reply

    * Meghan says

August 11, 2021 at 11:21 am

So happy to hear that!

Reply

  52. Isabel says

August 5, 2021 at 3:17 pm

  
Delicious!fast and easy  
I marinated tofu in it and air fried  
Added more water to make it saucy

Reply

    * Meghan says

August 6, 2021 at 11:16 am

So glad to hear that!

Reply

  53. CHK says

July 31, 2021 at 1:00 pm

This recipe is fabulous just as written but can be modified successfully if
you don’t have the exact ingredients. Wonderful for dipping sauce, salads,
etc. . thanks for a terrific recipe that will be used often! 😋

Reply

  54. Sarah Michalk says

July 27, 2021 at 1:01 pm

It's a bit peanut buttery but I can always tweek it next time I make it. Over
all it's wonderful. First time making it and super easy. I have literally
every thing on hand aside from the sweet chili sauce stuff

Reply

  55. Petra says

July 16, 2021 at 6:09 am

This is an excellent peanut sauce. I made it for a “happy hour” at my house to
dip spring rolls in. I used sucanat (coconut sugar) instead of brown sugar.
Folks loved it.

Reply

    * Meghan says

August 6, 2021 at 11:46 am

So happy to hear that!

Reply

  56. Angela J Timmins says

July 12, 2021 at 3:41 pm

  
I found this to be an exceptional peanut sauce. Very good balance of acid and
sweet.  
Excellent

Reply

    * Meghan says

July 12, 2021 at 9:17 pm

So happy to hear that, thanks for your comment!

Reply

  57. Chris says

July 12, 2021 at 12:14 pm

  
Excellent and easy recipe, thanks for sharing it.

Reply

    * Meghan says

July 12, 2021 at 9:19 pm

So glad you liked it!

Reply

  58. Jamie Stilp says

July 7, 2021 at 2:36 pm

  
Excellent recipe! I made this with sweetened peanut butter and only added the
1 tbsp. of brown sugar as suggested, along with 2 tbsp. of water as I’m using
this as a dipping sauce, and it turned out amazing! I did add a very lite (and
I mean very lite) amount of sesame oil for an added touch and it’s still super
good. This goes perfect with the Vietnamese Rice Paper rolls I made. Thank you
so much!

Reply

    * Meghan says

July 9, 2021 at 10:57 am

I'm so happy to hear that!

Reply

  59. Marti Darling says

June 30, 2021 at 5:20 pm

  
There is a restaurant that makes great spring rolls and is famous for the
peanut sauce. Only problem, they are 95 miles one-way from my house. I have
brought their sauce home to try to duplicate. NO SUCCESS. Your sauce is the
only one that compares. I might say, it is better.

Reply

    * Meghan says

June 30, 2021 at 11:18 pm

I am so happy to hear that!

Reply

  60. Ro says

June 22, 2021 at 5:25 pm

  
Hi  
Any idea how long you can keep it in the fridge?

Reply

    * Meghan says

June 30, 2021 at 11:31 pm

Hi - I've never kept mine longer than a day or two, but google says it should
last about a week in the fridge. It will probably vary some depending on your
ingredients.

Reply

  61. Ryan G says

June 7, 2021 at 12:30 pm

This is one of the best peanut sauces I have ever had, let alone made myself!
Finally the perfect blend of sweet salty spicy and tart I’ve been dreaming of
in a peanut sauce. Tasted great cold, but I heated it up (added a bit of
coconut milk just for kicks) and poured it over a chicken stir fry and OH MY
GOD. Incredible. To anyone reading this DO NOT I repeat DO NOT! SKIP! THE
CHILI GARLIC SAUCE! Sriracha just isn’t the same I promise.

Reply

    * Meghan says

June 17, 2021 at 2:30 pm

So glad you loved it Ryan!

Reply

      * Polly says

June 24, 2021 at 1:14 pm

This is delicious! Do you know how long I can keep it in fridge in a mason
jar?

Reply

        * Meghan says

June 30, 2021 at 11:29 pm

Hi Polly - mine never last longer than a day because we eat it all! But the
internet says homemade peanut sauce should last about a week in the fridge. It
could vary depending on your ingredients.

Reply

  62. Susanne Herrington says

May 31, 2021 at 8:45 pm

Delicious! I usually need to “tweak” a peanut sauce but it wasn’t necessary
with this one. Thank you!

Reply

  63. Richard says

May 16, 2021 at 2:40 pm

  
Hello,  
I like peanut sauce😊

Reply

  64. Kerri Bomberg says

May 16, 2021 at 9:46 am

This turned out fantastic. I only used 1 teaspoon of the garlic sauce because
I like it a bit less spicy, and it is exactly what I wanted. Thank you.

Reply

    * Shane says

August 1, 2021 at 7:10 am

Ditto!!! I used 3 cloves and it was a bit much. Great quick recipe!

Reply

  65. Cassie Ender says

May 11, 2021 at 4:05 pm

  
Best one I've tried!

Reply

    * Meghan says

May 16, 2021 at 1:38 pm

So glad to hear that!

Reply

  66. Kerry Kerr says

April 30, 2021 at 4:59 pm

Excellent recipe, perfect combo of sweet/salty/acid/heat. Thank you!

Reply

  67. Robin J Erexson says

April 26, 2021 at 12:07 pm

  
AMAZING sauce I absolutely love it! I did reduce the brown sugar to 1 TBS
because I don't have unsweetened peanut butter. I use this for a dipping sauce
for my homemade spring rolls but can't wait to try it with other recipes!!

Reply

    * Michelle Ray says

May 7, 2021 at 4:42 am

I use regular peanut butter too, but I took a shortcut the other day and used
crunchy PB so I didn’t have to add chopped nuts, which I have been adding.
Worked like a charm! I’ve made this several times it’s so good!

Reply

  68. Regi says

April 18, 2021 at 11:24 am

Call it whatever you like, “Thai/Thai Inspired”  
this sauce is FABULOUS! As a dip or tossed with noodles it can’t be beat.
Thank you for sharing!

Reply

    * Meghan says

April 22, 2021 at 8:48 pm

So glad you love the sauce!

Reply

  69. Karen says

April 18, 2021 at 11:04 am

  
Delicious and easy. I used Siracha and white vinegar (just because it was what
I had) and it was wonderful. Thank you.

Reply

    * Meghan says

April 22, 2021 at 8:45 pm

So glad you liked it!

Reply

    * Estelle du Plessis says

June 6, 2021 at 1:51 am

I made this sauce……thank you. And it can not be faulted…….. It is just WOW.

Reply

      * Meghan says

June 17, 2021 at 2:31 pm

So glad you loved it!

Reply

  70. Stephanie says

April 16, 2021 at 9:55 pm

  
This sauce is good but it’s not Thai. Stop posting Asian foods that you know
nothing about, or just call them “inspired”.

Reply

    * Meghan says

April 17, 2021 at 1:57 pm

Hi Stephanie, thanks for taking the time to comment. You are correct, this is
not an authentic Thai peanut sauce as I am not Thai. However, it is certainly
inspired by Thai peanut sauce. I will be updating the post to make that more
clear.

Reply

    * Maria says

May 25, 2021 at 1:33 pm

Really, Karen? This is what bothers you?

Reply

      * Catherine C Safer says

June 16, 2021 at 1:49 pm

This is hilarious, Maria. Karen too. I will now whip up a batch and I really
don't care if it authentic anything. Sounds delicious.

Reply

  71. Dianne says

April 11, 2021 at 9:41 pm

Hi! Do you think it’s also okay to sub it with Tabasco sauce? Thank you

Reply

    * Meghan says

April 17, 2021 at 1:46 pm

Hi, I haven't tried it so I can't be sure. It may change the flavor and you
might want to use a little less to start with.

Reply

    * Kate says

October 8, 2021 at 5:40 pm

Should be fine! Tabasco (original) is just cayenne pepper and vinegar.

Reply

    * Super authentic man says

October 15, 2021 at 6:03 am

that is not "authentic" LOLOLOLOL  
Recipe is very nice! I am a professional chef and I am using this tonight for
a party!!

Reply

  72. Roberta says

April 9, 2021 at 12:38 pm

  
Thank you

Reply

    * Meghan says

April 17, 2021 at 1:53 pm

So glad you liked it!

Reply

    * Karin says

October 26, 2021 at 3:30 pm

I love this! Had it with roasted cauliflower with scallions and cilantro. I
added a little toasted sesame oil, I would have added toasted sesame seeds too
if I had them. Great!

Reply

  73. WK Welch says

March 28, 2021 at 7:42 pm

Used this to make peanut noodles. It was delicious!

Reply

    * Meghan says

March 31, 2021 at 9:59 am

So glad you liked it!

Reply

  74. Kimetra says

March 27, 2021 at 12:19 pm

This reminded us of when we were young in NYC!! Fabulous recipe. It’s so good
to be able to make this at home. A gazillion thanks. We added a bit of extra
soy sauce to individual servings, to taste.

Reply

    * Meghan says

March 28, 2021 at 8:21 am

I am so happy you loved it!

Reply

  75. Lani says

March 22, 2021 at 4:37 pm

  
Excellent peanut sauce. Easy to make. Only comments are that I had to keep
adding a little more water to keep the consistency smooth. I was surprised
that the taste wasn't lessened by the amount of extra water that I added. I
used agave instead of maple syrup.  
And I added less soy sauce than recipe suggests. So now this will be my go to
peanut sauce. Thanks!

Reply

    * Meghan says

March 28, 2021 at 8:25 am

So glad you enjoyed it!

Reply

  76. Tracy says

March 20, 2021 at 9:10 pm

This was fabulous! I didn’t have chili sauce so used sriracha. Definitely a
keeper recipe. Thanks!

Reply

    * Meghan says

March 28, 2021 at 8:29 am

So glad you loved it.

Reply

  77. Whitney says

March 20, 2021 at 6:26 pm

  
This was hands down the best peanut sauce recipe I've tried, and believe me
I've tried dozens at this point! I also couldn't find my favorite pre-made
sauce in stores anymore when Covid hit. I tried this one tonight and the whole
family loved it!

I did not have unsweetened peanut butter, so I just used Jiffy and didn't add
any sugar. I actually ended up adding this sauce to two packages of Shin
Ramyun Spicy Noodle Soup with broccoli and sautéed strips of pork. Turned out
fantastic and my kids couldn't get enough! Thank you so much for the recipe,
saving and adding to my recipe box!

Reply

    * Meghan says

March 28, 2021 at 8:30 am

I am so happy to hear that you loved it!

Reply

  78. Marianne V. says

March 16, 2021 at 9:39 am

  
So glad found this recipe! The other peanut sauces I've made involved heating
everything up together and I see now that it's unnecessary. I had most of the
ingredients (subbed chili garlic sauce for hoisin sauce with a dash of chili
oil), but the outcome was better than the others I've tried. Thank you!

Reply

    * Meghan says

March 16, 2021 at 12:15 pm

I am so glad you loved it!

Reply

  79. Jackie says

March 14, 2021 at 5:05 am

  
This is the best peanut sauce I have ever had. Truly. It's one of my most
missed foods since things shut down in my state last year. Not even really
thai food, just good peanut sauce! I've tried countless times to get my fiance
to try it when I get it with take out spring rolls, and I think I know why
he's never really liked them…because the sauce was just so meh. Never enough
garlic or ginger or spice. The man ate half of the last batch I made in one
sitting, clearing out the veggies in the fridge. Now asks for it at least once
a week and makes sure we always have a backup 2-pack of PB from Costco. You
converted this man and now I get to make spring rolls for both of us! Bless
you 💜

Reply

    * Meghan says

March 16, 2021 at 12:12 pm

Aww, yay! So glad to hear that!

Reply

  80. Joanne says

March 7, 2021 at 8:27 pm

  
Loved this - I used a little more lime juice (that of a whole lime) and some
crushed red pepper flakes for a little more heat, but otherwise this was
absolutely perfect! My new go-to.

Reply

    * Meghan says

March 8, 2021 at 9:34 am

So happy to hear that!

Reply

      * Rose says

April 23, 2021 at 3:13 pm

Love it. It turn good

Reply

  81. Joan says

March 6, 2021 at 11:44 pm

Really tasty, so much cheaper and way better than store-bought and you can use
good quality organic ingredients. I had all the ingredients already except the
garlic chili sauce and it tasted fine without that. Also used only one clove
of garlic because I don’t like things over garlicky. And added a tablespoon of
white wine because I noticed a store-bought brand had sake as one of the
ingredients. So good on homemade summer rolls. Not sure why I never made my
own before!

Reply

    * Meghan says

March 8, 2021 at 9:33 am

So glad you loved it!

Reply

  82. Julia says

February 28, 2021 at 11:43 am

Great sauce! Just want to be clear though, soy sauce is NOT gluten free so if
you need it to be gluten free make sure you find a gluten free soy sauce! ☺️

Reply

    * Meghan says

March 1, 2021 at 11:04 am

Hi Julia - correct, one would need to use gluten free soy sauce or tamari in
order for this to be gluten free. So glad you loved it!

Reply

    * Will says

March 26, 2021 at 5:48 pm

I actually used Liquid Aminos to make it gluten free and it was amazing.

Reply

  83. Shavotney Brown says

February 21, 2021 at 4:58 pm

I’m usually not a fan of peanut sauces but this was so good! I made some
veggie spring rolls & the flavors blended so well! Thank you for this recipe!
Simply amazing 💜

Reply

    * Meghan says

February 22, 2021 at 2:08 pm

I am so glad you loved it!

Reply

  84. Michelle says

February 20, 2021 at 9:23 am

Super amazing sauce!! I didn’t want to stop eating it! I poured it into
sautéed veggies (broccoli, cabbage, onion, squash, garlic) mixed with wheat
thin spaghetti and topped with sunflower seeds and raw cabbage strips. I
didn’t have peanuts in hand but the seeds were good too.  
I used coconut aminos, swapped acv for rice vinegar, ground ginger powder, and
lemon juice for lime because that’s what I had on hand. Everything else the
same. My husband love it too! Definitely making again and again!

Reply

    * Meghan says

February 22, 2021 at 2:15 pm

So glad you love it!

Reply

  85. TDMR says

February 18, 2021 at 8:39 pm

OMG - this was simply amazing. Thanks so much for sharing!!!

Reply

    * Meghan says

February 22, 2021 at 2:19 pm

So glad you loved it!

Reply

  86. Suzanne says

February 15, 2021 at 11:04 am

Oohhhh Mmmyyy!! Amazing! I live rurally, but have a family-ownedThai
restaurant about 40 miles away….always worth the drive. I love their cucumber
salad with peanut-lime dressing. Decided to try your recipe and am happy to
say I was not disappointed. I used natural sunflower butter and zested the
garlic and fresh ginger. You have made my day! Five stars, for sure!s

Reply

    * Meghan says

February 15, 2021 at 3:17 pm

I'm so happy to hear that!

Reply

  87. Jenny Vogel says

February 14, 2021 at 11:15 am

  
I made this to go over veggie "noodles" (zucchini, carrot, & celery). Truly
amazing! I loved the spicy, citrus-y, savory, peanut-y combination. I Ieft out
the brown sugar due to personal preference (didn't miss it, the chili garlic
sauce has added sugar), and subbed ACV because that's all I had on hand. I
roasted and chopped some peanuts to serve over top, along with a lime wedge.
I'm adding this to my rotation!

Reply

    * Meghan says

February 15, 2021 at 3:16 pm

I'm so glad you loved it!

Reply

  88. Graham Jenks says

February 14, 2021 at 9:43 am

  
Exquisite……

Reply

    * Meghan says

February 15, 2021 at 3:16 pm

So happy to hear that!

Reply

  89. Emily dela llana says

February 13, 2021 at 11:47 am

Thank you, easy to follow plus healthy ingredients…luv it n the taste is
superb!!

Reply

    * Meghan says

February 15, 2021 at 3:16 pm

So glad you loved it!

Reply

  90. Steph says

February 8, 2021 at 3:25 pm

  
Entirely too tart. Made it exactly according to the recipe and it was very
sour.

Reply

    * Meghan says

February 9, 2021 at 9:38 am

Interesting, you are the first person to say it was sour. Did you remember to
add the sugar?

Reply

      * Shannon says

July 14, 2021 at 9:55 pm

  
I would have to second that suggestion, perhaps omitted the brown sugar. I
made this recipe, doubled, exactly to the measure and it was fantastic. I've
made peanut sauce probably a dozen times and and just follow whatever recipe
comes up first, they all are pretty much the same, but this one made it into
my bookmarks. Perfect recipe, will make it a dozen times for sure. Thank you!

Reply

        * Meghan says

July 15, 2021 at 10:33 am

I'm so glad you love it!

Reply

  91. Catherine Rosenberg says

February 5, 2021 at 10:48 am

  
Out of all the peanut sauces online this is by far my favorite…so full of
flavor!! Great for dipping and I even put over meatballs!

Reply

    * Meghan says

February 6, 2021 at 1:47 pm

So happy to hear that!

Reply

  92. Paul Moore says

February 4, 2021 at 6:45 pm

I never thought I’d say this. This sauce is better than that served at the
Four Seasons at Jimbaran Bay on the island of Bali, Indonesia.

Reply

    * Meghan says

February 4, 2021 at 7:16 pm

Wow, that is such a complement! So glad you loved it!

Reply

  93. Beth says

January 30, 2021 at 6:43 pm

I’ve tried a handful of peanut sauce recipes and this is my favorite!! So
good!!

Reply

    * Meghan says

February 1, 2021 at 9:35 am

So glad you loved it!

Reply

  94. AG says

January 25, 2021 at 9:42 am

  
OMG, SOOOO GOOD

Reply

    * Meghan says

January 26, 2021 at 9:10 am

Yay, so happy you loved it!

Reply

  95. Ian says

January 7, 2021 at 8:37 pm

Goes really well with Bakwan

Reply

  96. Pamela Jensen says

January 2, 2021 at 6:15 pm

Can you give me some ideas as to how I can use this peanut sauce besides with
noodles?

Reply

    * Meghan says

January 4, 2021 at 10:05 am

Hi Pamela, it makes a great dipping sauce for coconut shrimp, or chicken
satay. I also make it when I make fresh summer rolls because it is a fabulous
sauce for them. You could also use it as a salad dressing.

Reply

    * Diana says

January 11, 2021 at 5:16 am

  
I used this recipe with chicken and brocolli over rice. My local Thai
restaurant has a dish called swimming Rama that is my absolute favorite, this
sauce worked perfectly to make my own.

Reply

      * Meghan says

January 11, 2021 at 3:04 pm

So glad you loved it!

Reply

    * eddie says

January 18, 2021 at 9:34 am

  
realy good try it with tofu!!

Reply

  97. A. Walters says

January 2, 2021 at 12:10 pm

  
Very easy and amazingly delicious better than store-bought. Easy to adjust the
recipe to your particular tastes. The left-overs went down quickly as a fast
snack spread on a saltine with a slice of banana.

Reply

    * Meghan says

January 4, 2021 at 10:06 am

So glad you loved it!

Reply

  98. Kristin says

December 28, 2020 at 10:23 pm

Just finished making this, so yummy! I thought I doubled it and couldn't
figure out why it didn't taste quite right. Turns out I quadrupled it, oops.
Bright side, I have plenty for the next month or so.

Reply

    * Meghan says

December 29, 2020 at 8:37 am

Hi Kristin - so glad you loved it!

Reply

  99. Shawna says

December 28, 2020 at 1:43 pm

  
We used this recipe for our Christmas dinner and made thai chicken bites. It
was a huge hit even with the picky eaters in the house. Amazing sauce! I also
marinated our chicken in the sauce over night.

Reply

    * Meghan says

December 28, 2020 at 3:26 pm

I'm so happy to hear that Shawna!

Reply

  100. Catharine says

November 30, 2020 at 2:04 pm

  
Delish! I had to use Jif so my son would eat it~sorry! I didn't adjust the
brown sugar at all. I also used jarred garlic & ginger for convenience & I
will sprinkle w crushed peanuts.  
I made the sauce in a small Mason jar (which was the perfect size) so I know
it will store well in the fridge 🙂

Reply

    * Meghan says

December 1, 2020 at 9:22 pm

So glad you loved it!

Reply

    * Elise says

February 22, 2021 at 10:34 am

Thai food is my favorite kind of food so we eat it a LOT, especially chicken
satay with peanut sauce. I have to say that this recipe is as good, if not
better, than the peanut sauce at our favorite Thai restaurant in DC. I'm
eating it over noodles right now and will be using it often. Thank you for
such a great, easy recipe!

Reply

      * Meghan says

February 22, 2021 at 2:07 pm

I am so happy to hear that!

Reply

  101. Tonia Berberich says

November 26, 2020 at 10:09 am

The best!

Reply

    * Meghan says

November 27, 2020 at 10:30 am

So glad to hear that!

Reply

  102. Kat says

November 25, 2020 at 6:53 pm

  
This recipe is really good. I added crushed peanuts and about a teaspoonful of
chili oil to it and poured it over the vegetables I prepared for my Thai rice
wrap. Perfect! Thank you so much for sharing.

Reply

    * Meghan says

November 27, 2020 at 10:17 am

I'm so glad you loved it Kat!

Reply

  103. Hannah says

November 15, 2020 at 7:26 pm

I never comment on anything but this was spot on! Loved it

Reply

    * Meghan says

November 16, 2020 at 9:39 am

I'm so happy to hear that Hanna! Thanks so much for commenting!

Reply

      * Rebecca says

January 20, 2021 at 1:51 am

Right!! Like this is the best sauce ever to be invented!!! I lick the bowl
everytime lol I use it with fresh spring rolls holy crap it’s delicious!!!

Reply

        * Meghan says

January 21, 2021 at 9:42 am

Yay! So glad you love it!

Reply

    * Marie says

November 20, 2020 at 9:36 pm

I used peanut butter powder and added hoisin sauce, additional soy and chopped
peanuts. It was very delicious. I will definitely make this recipe again. I
found it very loose, due to the peanut butter powder and did not need to add
water.

Reply

      * Meghan says

November 22, 2020 at 7:05 pm

Thanks for sharing Marie!

Reply

    * Ruthie Stuhlman says

December 4, 2020 at 12:01 pm

Delicious! My go to recipe !

Reply

      * Meghan says

December 4, 2020 at 4:15 pm

Yay! So glad to hear that!

Reply

  104. Angela says

November 4, 2020 at 12:46 pm

  
I'm totally addicted 💕

Reply

    * Meghan says

November 6, 2020 at 6:36 am

Yay, so glad you love it!

Reply

  105. Cindy L Kinney says

November 3, 2020 at 2:04 pm

Super delicious better then the Thi restaurant

Reply

    * Meghan says

November 4, 2020 at 7:51 am

So glad to hear that!

Reply

      * Chris says

January 22, 2021 at 6:25 pm

Hi Meghan…is this sauce meant to be used warm/hot, cold or room temp? On
lettuce wraps for instance? How about on a chicken and rice dish?

Reply

        * Meghan says

January 24, 2021 at 8:52 pm

I just serve it at room temperature - it will solidify a little bit if it is
cold. It makes a great sauce for lettuce wraps, chicken, noodles, pretty much
anything you want!

Reply

  106. Nursecathy says

November 1, 2020 at 8:24 am

Delicious! Just a bit too tart. Next time, I’m leaving out the vinegar. The
lime juice should add enough acid for us.

Reply

    * Meghan says

November 1, 2020 at 3:41 pm

So glad you liked it!

Reply

  107. Tonya N de Jong says

October 26, 2020 at 9:55 am

  
Man this is a tasty dip. Everyone loved it at our party. I shared it with them
as well. My son practically drank it! Thank you!!

Reply

    * Meghan says

October 26, 2020 at 10:20 am

I'm so glad to hear that!

Reply

  108. Vanessa says

October 21, 2020 at 4:37 am

how long can it be stored in the refrigerator?

Reply

    * Meghan says

October 21, 2020 at 8:27 am

Hi Vanessa - it should last up to one week in the fridge.

Reply

      * Jan Heaton says

October 25, 2020 at 7:20 pm

  
Hi Meghan, do you reckon I could freeze it?

Reply

        * Meghan says

October 25, 2020 at 7:30 pm

Hi Jan - I haven't tried it so I can't be sure! I do think it would probably
be ok though.

Reply

  109. Sally N says

October 19, 2020 at 6:56 am

  
This Thai Peanut Sauce is so delicious and so easy to make! I added a couple
of tablespoons of canned Coconut Milk for a little more depth and it was
perfect. I definitely will be making it again!!

Reply

    * Karen T says

October 21, 2020 at 8:40 pm

Hi Sally, did you omit the water or added the coconut milk in addition with
the water? Tk u!

Reply

      * Sally N says

October 22, 2020 at 6:22 pm

Hi Karen, I added adedd the coconut milk in addition to the water. Half water
/ half coconut milk to the desired consistency.  
Hope this helps. 🙂

Reply

      * Sally N says

October 22, 2020 at 6:28 pm

Hi Karen, I added the coconut milk in addition to the water. Half water / half
coconut milk to the desired consistency.  
Hope this helps. 🙂

Reply

  110. JennyOP says

October 7, 2020 at 1:53 pm

  
Bookmarked this one!

Reply

    * Meghan says

October 8, 2020 at 7:16 pm

So glad to hear that!

Reply

  111. Megan says

September 26, 2020 at 2:37 pm

Holy smokes. So easy, so good!

Reply

    * Meghan says

September 27, 2020 at 8:25 pm

Yay! So glad to hear that Megan!

Reply

  112. Casey says

September 25, 2020 at 12:34 am

Wonderful! I used regular Jif peanut butter because that’s what I had. Since I
didn’t have chili garlic oil, I used gochugaru or Korean pepper flakes in the
same measurements (2 tsp) and it tasted fantastic.

Reply

    * Meghan says

September 25, 2020 at 3:30 pm

So glad you loved it Casey!

Reply

  113. bea says

September 24, 2020 at 3:08 am

  
very, very tasty, the taste is amazing and i love it when the squid is tender!

Reply

    * Meghan says

September 25, 2020 at 3:32 pm

So glad you loved it Bea!

Reply

  114. melanie in SD says

September 1, 2020 at 11:01 am

  
This was fantastic and so easy! I used my mini food processor to chop the
garlic and ginger, added the liquids and pulsed again, then the natural peanut
butter, and then 2 T of water. It was fantastic with thai and all sorts of
other dishes! This recipe is a keeper and we will be using it often in the
future. THANK YOU!!

Reply

    * Meghan says

September 2, 2020 at 9:44 am

I'm so happy you loved it!

Reply

  115. Ana says

August 7, 2020 at 11:50 am

  
The flavor is amazing however it came out thicker and chunkier than it looks
in the picture! I'm not sure why, I added 4 tablespoons of water in total and
it's still really thick. I will be adding more!

Reply

    * Meghan says

August 11, 2020 at 9:56 am

Hi Ana - I'm guessing different peanut butter brands vary in consistency. You
can definitely add more liquid to reach the thickness you want. I'm glad you
enjoyed the flavor!

Reply

  116. Jennifer Poklar says

July 27, 2020 at 3:12 pm

  
Not hard and absolutely delicious. I made it exactly as written and I wouldn't
change a thing. If you like it really spicy, be generous with the chili garlic
sauce. Yum!

Reply

    * Meghan says

July 30, 2020 at 11:33 am

So happy you love it Jennifer!

Reply

    * Amy says

November 28, 2020 at 1:12 pm

So good. And spot on for what I was looking for. Unfortunately, I didn't have
the low sodium soy sauce, so in my double batch I used 3 tablespoons of
regular soy sauce and substituted another tablespoon spoon of water. It worked
perfectly. I will definitely be making this one again. Thanks for the recipe.

Reply

      * Meghan says

November 29, 2020 at 8:52 am

So glad you loved it Amy!

Reply

  117. Ian Gillis says

July 18, 2020 at 10:28 pm

  
thanks for the recipe! it's good, i added some drops of habanero and instead
of straight chili sauce, used siracha and a touch of sweet chili glaze. other
changes because it seemed excessive, only  
1 tblspn-soy sauce  
1 tblspn- brown sugar

Reply

    * Meghan says

July 19, 2020 at 9:07 am

So glad you liked it!

Reply

  118. andrea says

July 3, 2020 at 8:26 pm

  
Delicious! I made this as a dip for potstickers. I did go for 1 TBSP Sambal
Olek and even my heat sensitive hubby didn't bat an eye. I also added a little
more lime. WOW. I could drink this sauce. Definitely going to try the wing
idea I saw earlier. Thanks for posting such a delicious and versatile recipe.

Reply

    * Meghan says

July 7, 2020 at 10:28 am

I am so happy you loved it Andrea!

Reply

  119. kim says

July 2, 2020 at 7:45 pm

  
easy, easy in my little tiny chopper processor and excellent flavour

Reply

    * Meghan says

July 3, 2020 at 12:33 pm

Yay, so glad you loved it!

Reply

  120. CALLIE says

July 1, 2020 at 6:32 pm

  
Quick and flavorful! My teenage daughters request this sauce on a regular
basis. We add a little more fresh ginger and chili sauce to taste and love it!
Thank you!

Reply

    * Meghan says

July 2, 2020 at 1:54 pm

Wonderful, so happy you love it!

Reply

  121. Deborah Lagutaris says

July 1, 2020 at 4:39 pm

I used balsamic vinegar and did not add brown sugar. I love the flavor
combination and looking forward to tasting it tomorrow after it sits for a
day.

Reply

    * Meghan says

July 2, 2020 at 1:55 pm

Wow, can't wait to hear what you think! I've never tried it with balsamic
vinegar.

Reply

  122. Nancy says

July 1, 2020 at 11:39 am

  
So tasty! I reduced the brown sugar, added a little more lime juice and rice
vinegar (I like a little more tang) and some cilantro. I make it in a small
food processor. I added a bit more water to thin it.

Reply

    * Meghan says

July 2, 2020 at 1:56 pm

Lovely, so glad you love it!

Reply

  123. Janell says

June 26, 2020 at 11:05 am

  
Thicker than recipe states, added more water, total of 6 Tbs. Also added 2
more tbs of fresh lime juice. Good flavor!

Reply

  124. Pink panther says

June 15, 2020 at 11:16 am

  
It was good but it wasn't so creamy and watery how it should be and it was a
bit too sweet, other then that it was really good and great on chicken!

Reply

  125. Amanda says

June 10, 2020 at 11:50 am

  
Made this last night to go with some lettuce wraps - so good!

Reply

    * Meghan says

June 10, 2020 at 2:35 pm

Yay, I am so happy to hear that!

Reply

  126. Sandra Kelly says

June 8, 2020 at 5:18 pm

  
I substituted Beyond Equator 5 seed butter for the peanut butter (food allergy
in my house). It was fabulous.

Reply

    * Meghan says

June 10, 2020 at 7:33 am

So glad to hear that!

Reply

  127. Faye says

June 5, 2020 at 8:42 pm

  
This is the best recipe for peanut sauce I have found. It really hits the
spot. Perfectly balanced. It’s so good I had to write a review- my first ever!

Reply

    * Meghan says

June 7, 2020 at 7:10 pm

Thank you so much for leaving a review Faye! I'm so happy you loved it!

Reply

  128. alethea says

May 21, 2020 at 4:50 pm

can i sub lemon juice for the lime?

Reply

    * Meghan says

May 22, 2020 at 8:07 am

Hi Alethea - I haven't tried that so I can't be sure. I think lemon juice is
more acidic so it might throw off the flavor. You can try it without the lime
juice, taste, then add just a small amount of lemon juice if you think it
needs some acidity.

Reply

  129. Sally says

May 19, 2020 at 6:45 pm

  
Winner! Added some hoisin sauce and served over Persian cucumbers and green
onions with some leftover lemongrass chicken.

Reply

    * Meghan says

May 19, 2020 at 9:05 pm

Yay! That sounds delicious!

Reply

  130. Dace Corlett says

May 15, 2020 at 7:16 am

  
Excellent flavor!

Reply

    * Meghan says

May 15, 2020 at 9:35 am

SO glad you loved it!

Reply

  131. DENISE FISCHER says

May 14, 2020 at 8:06 am

  
excellent! I do add coconut milk to this peanut sauce when I am making a rice
bowl. Drizzle it over the top of veggies and rice and it is delicious!

Reply

    * Meghan says

May 14, 2020 at 12:42 pm

Wonderful! So glad you love it!

Reply

  132. Cheri dueker says

May 13, 2020 at 10:07 pm

  
I made this yummy sauce tonight and used for noodles and veggie stir fry. I
added 2tablespoons of sesame oil and the zest of a lime and thinned with 1/2
cup of pasta water. Simply delicious. Topped with scallions and sesame seeds.
A new family favorite!

Reply

    * Meghan says

May 14, 2020 at 12:42 pm

I'm so happy to hear that!

Reply

  133. Sarah says

May 11, 2020 at 11:25 am

  
So good! I added one tablespoon on hoisin sauce to give it an extra umph. This
is a keeper.

Reply

    * Meghan says

May 13, 2020 at 8:05 am

Yay, I'm so glad you loved it!

Reply

  134. carmen says

May 6, 2020 at 11:46 am

  
made this but with chunky peanut butter so yummy

Reply

    * Meghan says

May 7, 2020 at 10:04 am

So glad you loved it Carmen!

Reply

  135. Beth Oppliger Henriquez/Shannon Henriquez says

April 25, 2020 at 1:57 pm

Easy and delicious.Poured it over chicken veggie stirfry. Family loved!

Reply

    * Meghan says

April 25, 2020 at 4:26 pm

Wonderful! So happy to hear that!

Reply

  136. Kelly says

April 18, 2020 at 9:09 am

  
This peanut sauce is indeed THE BEST! I've made it several times, and I dip
spring rolls in it or use it as a salad dressing for carrots, peppers,
cucumber, mint, cilantro, etc. In both cases, I thin it out a bit more with
water for easier dipping or dressing.

Delicious! It fully deserves its "THE BEST" title.

Reply

    * Meghan says

April 18, 2020 at 5:15 pm

YAY! I am so happy to hear that Kelly!

Reply

  137. Jenae says

April 17, 2020 at 5:54 pm

  
This was delicious! I've been craving trying to make my own spring rolls with
peanut sauce and this was superb success!  
My one note, as my fiance has celiac, is that one of the tags at the top of
the recipe says "Gluten Free" but soy sauce often times has wheat in it! So
tricky that gluten! I didn't even think of it until after I'd made the sauce!
Oh well! One batch for me, and maybe one batch for him using coconut aminos
instead of soy sauce as that's what I have on hand. 🙂  
Thank you for the recipe! This was so so good!

Reply

    * Meghan says

April 18, 2020 at 5:14 pm

Hi Jenae - thank you for pointing that out, I will be sure to make a note in
the recipe about that. I'm so glad you loved the peanut sauce!

Reply

    * Begonia says

May 21, 2020 at 6:05 pm

You can easily find wheat (gluten)-free tamari soy sauce. I buy it at Whole
Foods.

Reply

  138. Theresa Capri says

April 15, 2020 at 6:59 pm

  
It is very delicious! I added a bit of sesame oil as well, which was just what
it needed for my tastebuds. Thanks for sharing!

Reply

    * Meghan says

April 16, 2020 at 7:50 am

Love sesame oil, great idea!

Reply

  139. Jeff Vandervet says

April 13, 2020 at 4:40 pm

  
I’ve been a big fan of peanut sauce For many years since my first introduction
to Indonesian rijsttaffel. This recipe is for Thai peanut sauce but still very
close - and delicious! Easy to make, and we’ll be making again soon.

Reply

    * Meghan says

April 15, 2020 at 7:22 am

So happy you enjoyed it, Jeff!

Reply

  140. Suzanne says

April 11, 2020 at 9:17 pm

  
This peanut sauce is fantastic!!! The blended flavor burst in your mouth! This
is a keeper! Thank you!

Reply

    * Meghan says

April 12, 2020 at 3:02 pm

I'm so happy to hear that Suzanne!

Reply

  141. Chad L says

April 11, 2020 at 3:15 pm

  
I’ve always wanted to make peanut sauce and googled it and this was the first
recipe I got. tried it and it was amazing! Sooo damn good!!!! And easy!!!

Reply

    * Meghan says

April 12, 2020 at 3:00 pm

So happy to hear that Chad!

Reply

  142. Laurel says

April 9, 2020 at 9:01 am

  
Wow - this is really good! Will definitely make it again.

Reply

    * Meghan says

April 9, 2020 at 9:48 am

So happy you loved it!

Reply

  143. Tracy Wise says

April 7, 2020 at 4:17 pm

  
This was a delicious sauce. I doubled the recipe and served it on chicken one
night. The following night I mixed the peanut sauce in with soba noodles, left
over chicken and cut up carrots & celery. Yum.

Reply

    * Meghan says

April 9, 2020 at 7:47 am

So happy you loved it Tracy!

Reply

  144. Carlo Elstak says

March 31, 2020 at 3:46 pm

I am going to try this tonight for my Asian Chicken Lettuce wraps How long
will it last in the fridge?

Reply

    * Meghan says

March 31, 2020 at 3:57 pm

Hi Carlo - I always use mine right away, but I did a quick google search and
the internet says homemade peanut sauce should last up to one week in the
fridge. It may separate in the fridge since it is kind of an emulsion. I would
keep it in a sealed container in the fridge for best results.

Reply

  145. Richard Ely says

March 21, 2020 at 8:25 am

Tahini instead of peanut butter

Reply

    * Meghan says

March 21, 2020 at 9:05 am

How did you like it with the tahini?

Reply

  146. Richard Ely says

March 21, 2020 at 8:24 am

Substitute tahini

Reply

  147. Jim says

March 10, 2020 at 7:29 am

Just made the sauce for the third time. It is so good! My only qualm is that
it makes a relatively small portion. Next time I need to remember to double or
triple the recipe! : )

Reply

    * Meghan says

March 10, 2020 at 11:45 am

So glad you like it, Jim!

Reply

  148. Tami says

March 1, 2020 at 8:13 am

  
Wow what a great peanut sauce. I bought plane dumplings and added the sauce.
Tasted like it came from a Chinese restaurant. Yum.

Reply

    * Meghan says

March 1, 2020 at 8:53 pm

So glad you loved it Tami!

Reply

  149. Rikki says

February 21, 2020 at 3:14 am

Any general suggestion how long this will keep and best way to store it?

Reply

    * Meghan says

February 22, 2020 at 4:53 pm

Hi Rikki - I always use mine right away, but I did a quick google search and
the internet says homemade peanut sauce should last up to one week in the
fridge. It may separate in the fridge since it is kind of an emulsion. I would
keep it in a sealed container in the fridge for best results.

Reply

  150. Saundra J. says

February 13, 2020 at 7:40 pm

  
I rarely leave a comment, but this peanut sauce is that good! Thank you for
this delicious recipe!

Reply

    * Meghan says

February 13, 2020 at 10:35 pm

I'm so happy you love it Saundra!

Reply

  151. Courtney says

February 11, 2020 at 1:05 pm

  
I never write reviews but had to for this recipe! Absolutely delicious. Tastes
just like the peanut sauce at my favorite Thai restaurant. 5 stars!

Reply

    * Meghan says

February 13, 2020 at 10:28 pm

Yay! So glad you loved it Courtney!

Reply

  152. Tngirl05 says

February 9, 2020 at 7:21 am

  
I don’t normally comment on recipes, but this is amazing. I haven’t even let
the flavors meld yet. I ended up having to sub powdered garlic and ginger, but
it is still SO good! My three-year-old’s eyes lit up and she exclaimed she
liked it a lot! Can’t wait to make some spring rolls to go with it. Or
chicken. Or pad Thai. It’s so delicious, I imagine I’ll be making double
batches weekly.

Reply

    * Meghan says

February 9, 2020 at 8:38 am

Thank you so much for your comment, it really means so much to me to hear that
people love the recipe!

Reply

  153. Yvonne says

January 31, 2020 at 6:15 pm

  
So delicious. This sauce transformed our veggie and rice dinner. I used PB Fit
with a small amount of regular peanut butter to make it lower fat, and it
turned out beautifully. Thanks!

Reply

    * Meghan says

February 2, 2020 at 12:57 pm

So happy to hear that!

Reply

  154. Anni Sherman says

January 5, 2020 at 3:18 pm

  
I made this for Christmas presents this year and everybody loved it!!

Reply

    * Meghan says

January 7, 2020 at 1:33 pm

Oh yay! WHat a fun gift!

Reply

  155. Scott says

December 29, 2019 at 5:44 pm

  
Cooked some chicken wings in our air fryer, coated them with this sauce and
put them back in the fryer for a couple more minutes. Fabulous! Will be our
new go-to wing sauce. (and maybe other uses as well)

Reply

    * Meghan says

December 31, 2019 at 7:19 am

That sounds delicious! Great idea using it for wings!

Reply

  156. Michael Constantine says

December 20, 2019 at 11:08 am

  
Absolutely delicious

Reply

    * Meghan says

December 24, 2019 at 12:31 pm

So glad you loved it!

Reply

  157. Laurie says

December 4, 2019 at 3:04 pm

  
This Thai peanut sauce is amazing! I love it because it also has no oil but
lots of flavour! I served it over noodles and stir fried veggies and tofu! So
good!

Reply

    * Meghan says

December 5, 2019 at 6:54 pm

So glad you love it Laurie!

Reply

  158. Todd Kappel says

December 3, 2019 at 4:36 pm

  
I have searched high and low looking for the peanut Thai sauce. I even reached
out to an old boyfriend of 25 years ago who had gone to culinary school. I
made this recipe in a rather lazy way. I added all the ingredients into my jar
of almond butter, salted almond butter. I did not add the brown sugar because
I forgot. Then I microwaved everything and mixed it together and it’s amazing.
I served it overTOEFL shiitake fettuccine.

Reply

    * Meghan says

December 3, 2019 at 10:50 pm

So glad you loved it Todd!

Reply

  159. Chuck says

December 3, 2019 at 3:32 pm

  
Excellent. Much better than store-bought. And much less expensive then store-
bought best.

I started with roasted peanuts and peanut oil, for total control.

Reply

    * Meghan says

December 3, 2019 at 10:50 pm

So glad to hear you enjoyed it Chuck!

Reply

  160. terry quint says

November 8, 2019 at 7:27 pm

I followed the recipe exactly as written and it is the BEST peanut sauce
recipe I have tried thus far.

Reply

    * Meghan says

November 8, 2019 at 8:01 pm

Yay! So glad you think so Terry!

Reply

  161. Jeremy says

November 2, 2019 at 3:36 pm

Excellent recipe as-is, but it's also a perfect base recipe that can easily be
built on and played around with. I use this recipe as a sauce for spring rolls
when I make them for guests who may not like dipping in fish sauce.

Reply

    * Meghan says

November 4, 2019 at 6:37 am

So glad you love it Jeremy! It is great for dipping spring rolls for sure!

Reply

  162. Ruby says

October 27, 2019 at 5:45 pm

  
Fabulous recipe!!! Was so easy to make, Thank you for sharing.

Reply

    * Meghan says

October 27, 2019 at 8:22 pm

So happy you love it Ruby!

Reply

    * Chelsea says

December 22, 2020 at 9:39 am

Is it possible to use dried ground ginger, instead of fresh? If so, what
amount?

Reply

      * Meghan says

December 22, 2020 at 9:47 am

Hi Chelsea - I haven't used dried ginger, but it would probably be fine. I
would use 1/4 teaspoon of dried ginger.

Reply

  163. Louise Vedder says

October 20, 2019 at 4:41 pm

  
It just doesn't taste quite authentic like the sauce they make in Thai
restaurant. I wouldn't add soy sauce as peanut butter is already salty.

Reply

    * Sophie says

May 18, 2020 at 8:03 am

  
Then leave it out of yours… problem solved ;).

Reply

  164. sally sayre says

October 20, 2019 at 4:37 pm

  
Easy to make and excellent. Just the right amount of heat. I doubled the
recipe and am going to use it to pour over roasted veggies.

Reply

    * Meghan says

October 20, 2019 at 7:23 pm

So glad you love it Sally!

Reply

  165. Georgia fanelli says

October 15, 2019 at 1:31 pm

Can I use red wine vinegar

Reply

    * Meghan says

October 15, 2019 at 7:32 pm

Hi Georgia - I've never tried it, but it would probably be fine.

Reply

  166. Laura says

October 12, 2019 at 3:57 pm

  
This recipe is completely amazing. I used it to recreate a salad at a local
restaurant. It uses Jasmine rice, radishes, Romaine lettuce, peas, and curried
tofu and carrot strips. That's all placed into a bowl and then topped with
this amazing dressing.

This recipe worked perfectly to recreate that sauce. Thank you!

Reply

    * Meghan says

October 12, 2019 at 7:32 pm

That salad sounds delicious! So glad you love the dressing!

Reply

  167. Ben says

October 11, 2019 at 11:26 am

  
Great sauce! I too replaced with apple cider vinegar and used garlic paste and
ginger paste and it tasted great. Two tips: I like it more runny, so I put
some water in at the beginning to make mixing easier. I stored extra in a jar
and did not refrigerate - since none of the ingredients require it and the
vinegar also acts as a preservative. This kept consistency liquid (vs storing
in refrigerator and having to reheat it with oil from PB separating).

Thanks!  
Ben

Reply

    * Meghan says

October 11, 2019 at 4:09 pm

Wonderful! So glad you love it. Great tips, thanks Ben!

Reply

  168. Colleen says

October 8, 2019 at 9:09 am

I agree no need for coconut cream. I used apple cider vinegar instead of rice
vinegar as that is all I had. delicious!

Reply

    * Meghan says

October 8, 2019 at 3:07 pm

Apple cider vinegar works well too! So glad you loved it!

Reply

  169. Quasar90 says

October 7, 2019 at 8:55 am

  
This truely is the BEST recipe. I make it a few times a week along with fresh
veggie rolls. Absolutely delicious. Thank you!

Reply

    * Meghan says

October 7, 2019 at 12:46 pm

Yay! I am so happy you love it!

Reply

  170. Emily says

October 2, 2019 at 8:02 pm

  
We all loved it! Thanks!!

Reply

    * Meghan says

October 3, 2019 at 6:20 am

Hi Emily, Yay! So glad you all loved it.

Reply

  171. Jeff DeCora says

September 22, 2019 at 4:15 pm

I look a good Thai peanut Sauce. This one is better than good.  
I put on Instagram and Twitter Meghan!!

Reply

    * Meghan says

September 23, 2019 at 7:41 am

Thank you Jeff! So glad you love the recipe!

Reply

  172. Taylor Love says

September 11, 2019 at 7:57 pm

  
That was pretty good! I like it. Thank you!

Reply

    * Meghan says

September 12, 2019 at 12:46 pm

Glad you liked it Taylor!

Reply

  173. Teresa says

September 2, 2019 at 4:35 pm

  
This is by far the best. I spiced mine up with the garlic chili sauce for heat
and it was perfect. Easy to make. Love it!!

Reply

    * Meghan says

September 3, 2019 at 1:11 pm

So glad you loved it!

Reply

  174. Rachael says

August 27, 2019 at 3:07 am

  
So easy to make & quick! It was very tasty. I think I need to perfect the
consistency but otherwise yum yum yum!!!

Reply

    * Meghan says

August 28, 2019 at 12:20 pm

So happy you love it! Try adding more water or some oil to the mixture if you
want a smoother texture. Thanks Rachel!

Reply

  175. Mercedes says

August 22, 2019 at 8:22 pm

  
Can I use apple cider vinegar instead of rice vinegar?  
Thanks!  
This looks so good though!!

Reply

    * Meghan says

August 22, 2019 at 8:44 pm

Hi Mercedes - yes, I think that would be fine!

Reply

  176. Cathy Springs says

August 18, 2019 at 8:12 pm

  
Very good..m….b

Reply

  177. Mila tellez says

August 6, 2019 at 6:45 am

Can you freeze this sauce

Reply

    * Meghan says

August 6, 2019 at 1:13 pm

Hi Mila - I haven't tried it so I can't be sure. Let me know if you give it a
try!

Reply

  178. John T says

August 5, 2019 at 4:51 pm

  
So simple, yet so nice. Thank you.

Reply

    * Meghan says

August 5, 2019 at 8:28 pm

So glad you liked it!

Reply

  179. Betsy says

July 19, 2019 at 9:18 am

The BEST!-and finally, no need for coconut cream. Thank you

Reply

    * Meghan says

July 19, 2019 at 12:05 pm

Yay! I'm so happy you love it!

Reply

  180. Charles Elliott says

July 9, 2019 at 9:56 pm

  
Excellent sauce. Very adaptable as well. I uses chunky pb and omitted the
chili for my two yr old as well but mixed in my chili oil in a side serving.
I'll add fish sauce and try it in a pad thai style dish next.  
Thanks

Reply

    * Meghan says

July 11, 2019 at 9:18 am

Hi Charles, I'm so happy you loved it!

Reply

  181. Dana says

June 14, 2019 at 7:41 am

How long can does it keep in the fridge? Thanks!

Reply

    * Meghan says

June 15, 2019 at 11:51 am

Hi Dana - I usually use mine in a few days, but it would probably last up to a
week.

Reply

    * Dana says

June 15, 2019 at 12:00 pm

Thank you!

Reply

  182. chelsea says

June 12, 2019 at 2:59 pm

  
I used this as a sauce over noodles and it was great. My sister absolutely
loved it! I left out the chili garlic sauce because my 2yr old nephew was
eating it too and didn't want it to be spicy for him. He loved it too! They're
both vegans, so I like that it's something easy I can make when they come
over. Thanks!!

Reply

    * Meghan says

June 12, 2019 at 3:26 pm

I'm so happy to hear that! I made it for my one year old the other night and
omitted the chili garlic as well.

Reply

  183. Freny khambata says

June 1, 2019 at 5:34 pm

I will certainly try this as it sounds simple and yet authentic. Can you
clarify the type of chilli garlic sauce please. Is it the sambal Olek or
something else? I like the fact that this is a "no cook" sauce and presumably
one can whip it up and store it in a jar? Many thanks.

Reply

    * Meghan says

June 1, 2019 at 8:32 pm

Hi Freny - it isn't exactly like sambal olek but it is very similar. It just
has the addition of garlic. I linked to the exact kind I use in the recipe, if
you just click on the words "chili garlic sauce" in the recipe it will take
you to amazon and show you the product. I normally use my peanut sauce right
away, but you should be able to store it in the fridge for about 1 week.

Reply

  184. Tricia says

May 21, 2019 at 1:56 pm

  
I have looked for years trying to find a match to J. Alexander's peanut sauce
and although some were good they just weren't "It". Once again I looked for a
peanut sauce recipe and found this one. Oh My, it is delicious! and it's the
closest match to J. Alexander's that I have ever made.

Reply

    * Meghan says

May 23, 2019 at 12:15 pm

Hi Tricia - Yay, I am so happy to hear that you love it!

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name *

Email *

Website

Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without
commenting.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### About Me

Hello! I'm Meghan and I am so glad that you are here! I am the recipe
developer, photographer, and writer here at my blog Fox and Briar. I am a
passionate, self-taught home cook and believe that most things are better
homemade and that good food doesn’t need to be complicated.  
Read More…

### SEARCH FOR A RECIPE:

search...

### Summer Recipes

#### Panzanella Salad

August 5, 2022

#### Thai Iced Tea

July 21, 2022

#### Easy Peach Crisp

July 15, 2022

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About me
  * Press

(C) 2022 Fox and Briar * Design by Cooked Creative

GET MY SECRETS!

free email bonus

5 Delicious Ways to Use Thai Peanut Sauce TONIGHT!

YES, I WANT THIS!

