https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/234619/spicy-thai-peanut-sauce/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Side Dish
  4. Sauces and Condiments
  5. Sauces
  6. Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce

# Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.5

46 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 31 
  * 4 star values: 12 
  * 3 star values: 2 
  * 2 star values: 1 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 46 Ratings 
  * 33 Reviews 
  * 10 Photos 

This peanut sauce is very flavorful, with lemon, ginger, and quite a bit of
heat. It's good with satays, stir-frys, rice bowls, or good as a dip. Don't be
afraid to add more or less of the spices, just add to taste! Store in the
fridge up to one week.

Recipe by Genevieve

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce

Credit: Meredith Food Studios

Add Photo

Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce FT Chef

Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce KristiCooks

Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce Karla Harmer

Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce Jacolyn

\+ 6 6 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

10 mins

cook:

10 mins

total:

20 mins

Servings:

16

Yield:

2 cups

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

16

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 16 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 2 teaspoons vegetable oil 
  * 1 large clove garlic, minced 
  * 1 tablespoon minced fresh ginger root 
  * ¾ cup hot water 
  * ¼ cup peanut butter, or more to taste 
  * ½ lemon, juiced 
  * 2 tablespoons Thai-style sweet chili sauce 
  * 2 tablespoons hoisin sauce 
  * 1 tablespoon soy sauce 
  * 1 pinch red pepper flakes, or more to taste 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Heat vegetable oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Cook and stir garlic
and ginger in hot oil until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add hot water, peanut
butter, and lemon juice to the saucepan; stir until smooth. Stir chili sauce,
hoisin sauce, and soy sauce into the peanut butter mixture.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Reduce heat to low and cook sauce at a simmer until thickened, about 5
minutes. Add red pepper flakes; stir.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

38 calories; protein 1.2g; carbohydrates 2.8g; fat 2.7g; cholesterol 0.1mg;
sodium 128.9mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (33)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

FELECHIA

Rating: 5 stars

05/06/2014

Another fabulous sauce. I have to rate this top o' the charts when it comes to
peanut sauce. Another recipe I could bathe in. Very good. Thanks for
submitting it Genevieve.

Read More

Helpful (8)

### Most helpful critical review

smackdownlou

Rating: 2 stars

07/27/2014

Very tangy. Not really hot. The rest if the flavors overpowered the peanut
flavor.

Read More

Helpful (0)

46 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 31 
  * 4 star values: 12 
  * 3 star values: 2 
  * 2 star values: 1 
  * 1 star values: 0 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

FELECHIA

Rating: 5 stars

05/06/2014

Another fabulous sauce. I have to rate this top o' the charts when it comes to
peanut sauce. Another recipe I could bathe in. Very good. Thanks for
submitting it Genevieve.

jessr

Rating: 4 stars

10/05/2014

After making a few changes, I loved this sauce! After I made it, it really
tasted like peanut butter and it was too thick for a dipping sauce. So I added
about 3 tablespoons of rice wine vinegar, a bit more ginger, one more
tablespoon of soy sauce and some hot water to thin it out. Had it as a dipping
sauce for some Vietnamese salad rolls! It was great.

kb5b

Rating: 4 stars

10/27/2013

This was exactly what I was looking for. It was delicious! I gave 4 stars
because after making this according to directions, I felt it needed a bit of
fish sauce. After a healthy squirt it was a 5.

llgrotts

Rating: 5 stars

11/04/2013

I'm giving this five stars although I didn't have any hoisin sauce and subbed
some curry powder. Will use the hoisin next time. Was good eats.

Amy Christian

Rating: 5 stars

02/23/2014

I added a lot more peanut butter, because I wanted the flavor and also thought
the sauce looked too thin. But it thickened up well and was delicious and
quick!

Darlene Parker Faldyn

Rating: 5 stars

03/22/2018

This is so quick and easy and you'll end up eating twice the amount chicken
just so you can dip it in it!!!

NB Roy

Rating: 5 stars

01/22/2019

Great sauce. Added a little more peanut butter as suggested by the recipe.
Added a tsp of fish sauce and a tsp of sesame oil and substituted lime juice
for the lemon for a more authentic flavor. Tastes like Cheesecake Factory
peanut sauce. Yum!

Doug P

Rating: 4 stars

08/14/2018

I will definitely make it again

Sally Moffitt

Rating: 5 stars

02/17/2020

Awesome easy recipe. Family loved it .. did add a little fish sauce for that
authentic Thai taste. Just delicious!

Weezer

Rating: 5 stars

08/14/2017

Best home-made peanut sauce recipe I've found. We didn't have chilli sauce so
I used sriracha. Worked well.

Yoly

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

03/20/2021

So simple with bursting flavors. I added about 1/2 tbs more peanut butter and
about 1/2 tsp red pepper flakes. Delicious! Thanks for the recipe.

Kathi

Rating: 5 stars

06/17/2018

I made this like the recipe called for -- although I only had crunchy peanut
butter in my house. I really , really like it. I servied it with the Indonesia
Pork Satay on allrecipes, I mixed it in rice, I look forward to putting it on
grilled chicken. My son said to email the recipe to him.

Joy

Rating: 5 stars

08/08/2015

Can't say enough! My husband said, "give it as many stars as you can!" We both
love! I did add pepper flakes while heating to make it extra spicy. Thank you
for taking the time to post this recipe!

smackdownlou

Rating: 2 stars

07/27/2014

Very tangy. Not really hot. The rest if the flavors overpowered the peanut
flavor.

Mary Smith

Rating: 5 stars

05/14/2020

Phenomenal exactly what I was looking for. I was craving the sauce they used
to have at Pai wei that they discontinued.

Karla Harmer

Rating: 4 stars

04/01/2021

Made this and we had chicken and rice, it will be on our meal plan again. Will
have to adjust the spice up a bit because we love spicy. But other than that
it was very good

Yaa

Rating: 4 stars

01/25/2018

I was looking for a quick and easy peanut sauce and this delivered...with the
help of other commenters (hence the 4 stars). I added a couple of splashes of
fish sauce and a couple of squirts of Sriracha. Also, I used lime instead of
lemon since that's what I had in the house. Mixed it with baked tofu and
shirataki noodles...delicious!

Ekbrook

Rating: 5 stars

10/03/2020

Hands down, the best Thai Peanut Sauce I have had...and I've tried a lot. I
love adding the heat to the traditional sauce. It makes it much more
interesting. I'll definitely make my own from now on.

Jacolyn

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

03/31/2021

I could not get enough of this sauce. We dipped our grilled chicken pieces
into it. But it was so delicious that I then dipped pita pieces, vegetables,
etc into it (even ate it by the spoonful at points!). That's how good it was.
The flavors melded well and the peanut flavor was not too overwhelming. Can't
wait to make it again!

Lauren Hiller

Rating: 4 stars

12/14/2015

We like to add Sriracha for a little (or a lot) kick. Make this somewhat
frequently. Fairly easy and delicious

Landon B

Rating: 5 stars

09/12/2019

oh my GOODNESS so delicious! I used this as a sauce on my buddha bowl.
amazing. I read through other reviews and decided to add more ginger and thin
with rice wine vinegar. will make again!

chrissm

Rating: 5 stars

02/02/2019

Perfect taste! Wonderful.... Save this one!

KristiCooks

Rating: 5 stars

07/03/2021

So good. As is. I’ve made this recipe a few times now. Most recently, I made a
batch and took a few spoonfuls out of the pot, diluting it a bit with some
water and using it as a marinade for the chicken, I also took a couple of
spoonfuls and added it to our rice noodles, and it all came together nicely
for our chicken lettuce wrap meal. This recipe makes a good amount to be used
just as a dipping sauce, if you want the extra for marinade etc, I definitely
recommend doubling the recipe.

sanzoe

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

03/07/2021

Solid peanut sauce! It has just the right amount of kick to boost the peanut
flavor and not be too sweet. This will be a regular for our house. We used it
to dip chicken satay but I can't wait to use it for peanut noodles in the
future.

Chef Mo

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

03/03/2021

Wow the flavors in this simple sauce!! Take your stir fry to the Thai side
using this sauce. Followed as written.

Brenda Jones

Rating: 4 stars

03/22/2019

Great sauce, but I didn’t and wouldn’t use water. I don’t know why it doesn’t
call for coconut milk, but I would strongly recommend that. REPLACE WATER WITH
COCONUT MILK!!!!!!

Joan Bone

Rating: 5 stars

11/03/2018

This is better than any restaurant. Yum!

Melissa B

Rating: 5 stars

01/15/2017

Delicious! Husband asked me to "add it to the weekly rotation".

Anne Haverhals

Rating: 5 stars

01/17/2020

Only change I did was use advocado oil instead of veg oil. Its a keto thing.
Simmered some rabbit meat in it, put meat and some extra sauce over a salad
with green onion & advocado. Very good.

Lizzie

Rating: 5 stars

04/02/2019

I don't eat very spicy foods, and love peanut sauce. So I modified with just a
dash of powdered ginger, and paprika, and the given amounts of garlic, lemon,
hoisin, soy sauce. I added more peanut butter for my taste. No chili. Loved it
over grilled tofu.

Brenda Carden

Rating: 4 stars

09/15/2019

The flavor was spot on. The only reason I deducted a star was because of the
amount of water used. I stirred all the ingredients prior to adding water and
then slowly added water to get the consistency I desired. I used approximately
1/4 cup instead of 3/4 cup.

Denise

Rating: 5 stars

03/27/2018

This is fantastic! Made it as directed to accompany our first stab at salad
rolls and everyone loved it. I considered making a double batch because we
generally have to ask for more at a restaurant but it actually made so much
that we're making salad rolls again this week. It is a little spicy but we
like it that way - you could always tone it down by leaving out the red
pepper.

Patty Villeneuve

Rating: 4 stars

10/08/2018

great start off point. as the writer says you can easily adjust all flavors.
The best I've found.

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce

##  All Reviews for Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce

Servings Per Recipe: 16  
Calories: 37.7  

% Daily Value *

protein:  1.2g  2 %

carbohydrates:  2.8g  1 %

dietary fiber:  0.4g  2 %

sugars:  1.6g

fat:  2.7g  4 %

saturated fat:  0.5g  3 %

cholesterol:  0.1mg

vitamin a iu:  26.2IU  1 %

niacin equivalents:  0.8mg  6 %

vitamin c:  0.2mg

folate:  3.7mcg  1 %

calcium:  3.6mg

iron:  0.1mg  1 %

magnesium:  7.6mg  3 %

potassium:  34.8mg  1 %

sodium:  128.9mg  5 %

calories from fat:  24.2

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 33

Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce

1 of 10 Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce

FT Chef

Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce

2 of 10 Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce

KristiCooks

Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce

3 of 10 Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce

Karla Harmer

Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce

4 of 10 Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce

Jacolyn

Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce

5 of 10 Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce

Yoly

Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce

6 of 10 Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce

sanzoe

Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce

7 of 10 Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce

Chef Mo

Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce

8 of 10 Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce

Mary Smith

Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce

9 of 10 Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce

Chris Dubois

Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce

10 of 10 Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce

Richard A. Sanders

Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce

11 of 10 Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce

llgrotts

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Spicy Thai Peanut Sauce

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

