https://jessicainthekitchen.com/thai-peanut-sauce-recipe/


Skip to Main Content

__Submit

____

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipes
    * Breakfast
    * Lunch
    * Dinner
    * Desserts
    * Soups
    * Snacks
    * Drinks
    * Guides
    * Recipes by Diet
      * Vegetarian
      * Vegan
      * Gluten Free
      * Dairy Free
      * Egg Free
      * Nut Free
    * Recipe Index
  * Subscribe
  * eBook

**Follow me:** Instagram Facebook Pinterest Twitter

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipes
    * Breakfast
    * Lunch
    * Dinner
    * Desserts
    * Soups
    * Snacks
    * Drinks
    * Guides
    * Recipes by Diet
      * Vegetarian
      * Vegan
      * Gluten Free
      * Dairy Free
      * Egg Free
      * Nut Free
    * Recipe Index
  * Subscribe
  * eBook
  * __

Home » Recipes » Thai Peanut Sauce

# Thai Peanut Sauce

_posted by_ Jessica Hylton _on_ May 6, 2020 _(last updated_ Dec 11, 2020 _)_
42 comments »

Jump to Recipe

4.96 (from 49 ratings)

  *   *   * 

_This Thai Peanut Sauce Recipe is incredibly versatile and can be used as a
dip, a dressing, a marinade or a sauce! I love using it in so many ways, and
it only takes 5 minutes to make!_

I _love_ a great peanut sauce. I'm talking, absolutely head over heels for
one, and this my friends is a great peanut sauce. I’ve used it with **Fresh
Spring Rolls**, an **Asian Noodle Salad** , my **Tempeh Stir Fry** and even
with a **Cashew Thai Quinoa Salad**. It’s creamy, umami-packed, salty and high
in protein and fat. Hello, flavour town. After realising that I was using it
all the time and the feedback that it's gotten, I decided that it needed its
own blog post!

## What is Thai Peanut sauce made of?

Thai Peanut Sauce is made up of peanut butter, soy sauce, ginger, a sweetener
(I used maple syrup), rice wine vinegar, sesame seeds, a spice and water. In
some more traditional versions, coconut milk is used instead of water, but I
find this combination to be perfect. If you're new to using peanut butter in
dressings, you're about to be blown away. Peanut butter brings all the
ingredients together for a sweet spicy and salty sauce that works perfectly on
salads, tofu, tempeh, noodles, as a dip for veggies and so much more.

## How to make peanut sauce

Making the sauce is so easy. Blend all the ingredients together, and that's
it! You can mix them by hand with a whisk, in a jar with a lid, or in a food
processor or blender. I've done all three and it's really up to your
preference. By hand will be the most natural consistency, and by blender will
be the smoothest and creamiest.

## What to eat with peanut sauce

Man, this sauce goes with everything! Use these recipes below as a base, and
just go from there!

**Fresh Spring Rolls**

**Asian Noodle Salad**

**Cashew Thai Quinoa Salad**

**Tempeh Stir Fry**

**Baked Tofu**

## Tips for making the peanut sauce

  * Start with smooth peanut butter instead of chunky. If your peanut butter is very thick, I would microwave it for about 15 seconds before starting so that it's smooth enough to blend with all the other ingredients.
  * Adjust the sauce for your taste. You can more it saltier, sweeter, spicier - it's up to you!
  * You can double this sauce if you desire! I recommend making it before you need it, but it stores in your fridge for up to a week.

### Peanut substitute

If you're allergic to peanuts, you could easily swap it out. Almonds, tahini,
sunflower seed butter – they’ll all work as a great base.

**_Enjoy friends! If you make this Thai Peanut Sauce, please snap a photo and
tag#jessicainthekitchen on __Instagram_ _! We’d also love it if you would
leave a comment below, and give the recipe a rating! Thanks so much!_**

## Thai Peanut Sauce

Servings: 3 servings

Prep Time: 5 mins

Cook Time: 0 mins

Total Time: 5 mins

This Thai Peanut Sauce Recipe is incredibly versatile and can be used as a
dip, a dressing, a marinade or a sauce! I love using it in so many ways, and
it only takes 5 minutes to make!

4.96 (from 49 ratings)

Print Recipe Pin Recipe Leave a Review

### Ingredients

  * 1/3 cup natural peanut butter, if your peanut butter is thick, microwave is for about 15 seconds first
  * 1/4 teaspoon ground ginger, or 1/2 teaspoon freshly minced ginger
  * 1 tablespoon maple syrup
  * 2 tablespoons low sodium soy sauce
  * 1 teaspoon rice wine vinegar
  * 1/2 teaspoon sesame seeds
  * 2 tablespoons to 1/4 cup hot water
  * 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes, optional

### Instructions

  * Whisk all the ingredients (minus 2 tablespoons of the hot water) together in a bowl, a jar with a lid (shake vigorously) or a small blender or food processor until smooth. 

  * Add the extra water a little at a time depending on whether you need this for a sauce, dip or a dressing to your desired consistency.

  * This can be made ahead of time and stored in the fridge, or used immediately!

### Notes

To make this gluten free, use gf low sodium soy sauce, or liquid aminos

Calories: 195kcal, Carbohydrates: 11g, Protein: 8g, Fat: 15g, Saturated Fat:
3g, Sodium: 488mg, Potassium: 220mg, Fiber: 2g, Sugar: 7g, Calcium: 20mg,
Iron: 1mg

Disclaimer: Although jessicainthekitchen.com attempts to provide accurate
nutritional information, kindly note that these are only estimates.
Nutritional information may be affected based on the product type, the brand
that was purchased, and in other unforeseeable ways. Jessicainthekitchen.com
will not be held liable for any loss or damage resulting for your reliance on
nutritional information. If you need to follow a specific caloric regimen,
please consult your doctor first.

Cuisine: American, Thai

Course: Dips, Sauces

Author: Jessica Hylton

  *   *   * 

American Condiments Recipes Universal

_originally published on_ May 6, 2020 _(last updated_ Dec 11, 2020 _)_

42 comments Leave a comment »

_« Previous Post_How to Make Oat Milk Recipe

_Next Post »_ _Homemade Pita Chips

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

##  42 comments on "Thai Peanut Sauce"

  1. **Aubrey** -- July 5, 2022 @ 8:27 pm  Reply

Our family loved this peanut sauce recipe and will definitely make it again.
We did add a little extra freshly grated ginger for more kick.

    * **Gavin | Jessica in the Kitchen** -- July 7, 2022 @ 1:37 pm  Reply

Awesome Aubrey! We're happy that you and your family enjoyed it.

« Older Comments 1 2 3

Leave a comment »

##  Welcome! Hi, I’m Jessica!

Welcome to my website! My mission is to provide simple and delicious meals
from my kitchen to yours.

More About Me __

**Follow me:** Instagram Facebook Pinterest Twitter

## Search Recipes:

__Submit

##  Get Jessica’s recipes directly to your inbox:

Plus receive a FREE Weeknight Vegan Dinners Cookbook!

__

**Send Me:**

  * new post updates
  * weekly roundup

## Recent Posts

### Vegan Cheez-Its

### Banana Oatmeal Cookies

### Vegan Kofta

### Crispy Homemade Falafel

### How to Make Almond Butter

### Vegan Arancini Fried Rice Balls (With Air Fryer Option)

## As Seen In…

## As Seen In…

##  Get Jessica’s recipes directly to your inbox:

Plus receive a FREE Weeknight Vegan Dinners Cookbook!

__

**Send Me:**

  * new post updates
  * weekly roundup

  * ^ Back to Top
  * Home
  * About
  * Press
  * FAQ
  * Privacy Policy
  * Contact
  * Accessibility Statement

**(C) 2022 Jessica in the Kitchen**. _Design by_ Purr.

__Submit

  *   *   * 

