https://www.cookinglight.com/recipes/quick-peanut-sauce


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Cooking Light Cooking Light

  * Recipes
  * Cooking 101
  * Eating Smart
  * Healthy Living
  * News

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Account

Your Account

### Account

  * Newsletters
  * Email Preferences

* * *

### Manage Your Subscription

  * All Access Subscribers
  * Magazine Subscribers
  * Cooking Light Diet Subscribers

Login

Logout

SUBSCRIBE

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore Cooking Light

Cooking Light Cooking Light

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * ####  31-Day Healthy Meal Plan

Our 31-day calendar of meals and tips shows you how to cook more and love it
with fun, family-friendly meals that come together quickly and deliciously.
Read More

    * ####  Dinner Tonight: Quick and Healthy Menus in 45 Minutes (or Less)

Hundreds of delicious recipes, paired with simple sides, that can be on your
table in 45 minutes or less.  Read More

    * ####  Our Favorite Healthy Air Fryer Recipes

Who ever said that chicken wings, doughnuts, and pizza couldn't be healthy?
Read More

  * Recipes

### Recipes

See All Recipes

    * Breakfast & Brunch
    * Lunch
    * Dinner
    * Drinks
    * Recipe Makeovers
    * Quick & Healthy
    * Diabetic
    * Gluten-Free
    * Vegetarian
    * Cooking Light Live

  * Cooking 101

### Cooking 101

See All Cooking 101

    * Essential Ingredients
    * Cooking Techniques
    * Meet the Chef
    * Cooking Resources
    * Budget Friendly
    * Smart Choices

  * Eating Smart
  * Healthy Living

### Healthy Living

See All Healthy Living

    * Weight-Loss
    * Health
    * Fitness
    * Home
    * Travel
    * Nutrition 101

  * News

## Profile Menu

Your Account

Your Account

### Account

  * Newsletters
  * Email Preferences

* * *

### Manage Your Subscription

  * All Access Subscribers
  * Magazine Subscribers
  * Cooking Light Diet Subscribers

Login

Logout

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Quick Peanut Sauce

# Quick Peanut Sauce

Photo: Greg DuPree

Yield

Serves 8 (serving size: about 2 tbsp.)

By Brierley Horton

October 2017

Creamy peanut butter moves beyond snacks and sandwiches and into a beautifully
balanced tart, sweet, and savory sauce. This easy, versatile condiment puts
bottled versions out of the running, thanks to the warmth and zing of fresh
ginger and garlic. If youâ€™d like a little heat, try stirring in a generous
pinch of crushed red pepper flakes. Drizzle the sauce over pan-grilled chicken
or shrimp skewers, use as a dip for spring rolls, or toss with a vegetable and
soba noodle salad. You can substitute apple cider vinegar for the rice vinegar
(regular white vinegar would be too strong).

## Ingredients

  * 1/2 cup creamy peanut butter
  * 1/2 cup water
  * 1 tablespoon reduced-sodium soy sauce
  * 1 tablespoon grated peeled fresh ginger
  * 1 teaspoon brown sugar
  * 1 teaspoon minced garlic
  * 1 teaspoon unseasoned rice vinegar

###  Nutritional Information

  * Calories 101
  * Fat 8g
  * Satfat 2g
  * Unsatfat 6g
  * Protein 4g
  * Carbohydrate 4g
  * Fiber 1g
  * Sodium 141mg
  * Calcium 1% DV
  * Potassium 3% DV
  * Sugars 2g
  * Added sugars 1g

  * Calories 101
  * Fat 8g
  * Satfat 2g
  * Unsatfat 6g
  * Protein 4g
  * Carbohydrate 4g
  * Fiber 1g
  * Sodium 141mg
  * Calcium 1% DV
  * Potassium 3% DV
  * Sugars 2g
  * Added sugars 1g

##  How to Make It

Combine peanut butter, water, soy sauce, ginger, brown sugar, minced garlic,
and vinegar in a bowl, stirring with a whisk until smooth.

## You May Like

Advertisement

## Read More

### Sign up for the Cooking Light Daily Newsletter

Quick dinner ideas, nutrition tips, and fresh seasonal recipes.

Sign up

Advertisement

Cooking Light

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Customer Service this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise
  * Content Licensing
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithCooking Light is part of the Allrecipes Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Cooking Light may receive
compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers
may be subject to change without notice. Privacy Statementthis link opens in a
new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens
in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis link opens a modal window Web
Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright Cooking Light. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.cookinglight.com

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

