https://www.loveandlemons.com/peanut-sauce/


  * HOME
  * ABOUT
  * RECIPES
  * COOKBOOK
  * SHOP
  * SUBSCRIBE
  * CONTACT
  *   * 

### Navigation

  * Home
  * About Us
  * Recipes
  * Cookbook
  * Shop
  * Subscribe
  * Contact
  * Go!

### Social

  * Instagram
  * Facebook
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter

#  Easy Peanut Sauce

Try this easy peanut sauce recipe once, and you'll want to have it on hand at
all times. It's perfect for jazzing up noodles, salads, bowls, and more!

vegan / condiment -- Jump to recipe

Does anyone else absolutely love peanut sauce? Creamy, spicy, savory, and a
little sweet, it's a sauce that I'm equally happy drizzling over dinner or
enjoying straight off a spoon. I can't get enough!

This peanut sauce recipe the first thing I turn to whenever I want to jazz up
a simple stir fry, bowl, or salad at home. It's super easy to make, and it
calls for basic pantry ingredients that you likely already have on hand (no
fish sauce here!). Peanut butter gives it creamy texture, rice vinegar or lime
juice makes it nice and tangy, tamari or soy sauce adds salty depth of flavor,
and sriracha spices it up. Finally, to sweeten my peanut sauce recipe
naturally, I add maple syrup instead of brown sugar. That's it!

####

#### How to Use Peanut Sauce

Once you have peanut sauce on hand, you'll find a thousand ways to use it.
Here are just a few of my favorites:

  * Drizzle it over roasted veggies like broccoli, cauliflower, or Brussels sprouts. Add a sprinkle of red pepper flakes and sesame seeds for garnish!
  * Toss it with a salad or slaw.
  * Add it to a grain bowl made with quinoa, cauliflower rice, or cilantro lime rice and tofu or tempeh for protein!
  * Use it as a dip for your favorite fresh veggies.
  * Stir it into easy peanut noodles or pad Thai.
  * Serve it as a dipping sauce with lettuce wraps, summer rolls, or spring rolls.

Start by making this easy peanut sauce recipe as written, but then, feel free
to play with it! I suggest a few variations in the recipe below, like adding
ginger, minced garlic, or sesame oil for a bolder flavor. You could also swap
the nut butter! Almond butter, cashew butter, or even tahini would work well
here. And sometimes, I use coconut milk instead of water to make it extra
creamy and rich.

####

#### More Favorite Sauce Recipes

If you love this recipe, try one of these flavorful sauces next:

  * Cilantro lime dressing
  * Tahini sauce
  * Chipotle sauce
  * Pesto
  * Tzatziki
  * Homemade Caesar dressing
  * Cashew Cream
  * Vegan Cheese Sauce

## Peanut Sauce

rate this recipe:

4.89 from 26 votes

Prep Time: 5 mins

Total Time: 5 mins

Serves 4

Pin Recipe Print Recipe

This easy peanut sauce recipe is perfect for jazzing up noodles, salads,
bowls, and more!

### Ingredients

  * 1/4 cup natural creamy peanut butter
  * 3 to 4 tablespoons lime juice or rice vinegar
  * 2 tablespoons tamari
  * 1/2 teaspoon sriracha, more if desired
  * 1/4 teaspoon maple syrup
  * 1 to 3 tablespoons water

#### optional flavor additions:

  * 1 garlic clove, grated on a microplane zester
  * 1/2 to 1 teaspoon grated ginger
  * 1/2 teaspoon toasted sesame oil

### Instructions

  * In a small bowl, whisk together the peanut butter, lime juice, tamari, sriracha, and maple syrup. Whisk in water, 1 tablespoon at a time, to reach a drizzleable consistency. Peanut butters vary in thickness, so you may need more or less water each time you make this recipe.

  * If desired, stir in garlic, ginger, sesame oil, and/or more sriracha.



Did you make the recipe? I want to see!  
Tag @loveandlemons on Instagram.

✕

Free Bonus:

5-Part Guide to Delicious Vegetarian Eating!

### You may like these too...

  1. Best Guacamole

  2. Tahini Sauce

  3. Vegan Cheese

  4. White Bean Dip

  5. Basil Pesto Recipe

  6. BEST Hummus

###  25 comments

### Leave a comment: Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Rate this recipe (after making it) Rate this recipe (after making it)  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Notify me of follow-up comments via e-mail

Current ye@r *

Leave this field empty

Δ

  1. Sharon Tucker

07.10.2022

Do you have a great recipe for Baba Ganoush

Reply ↓

    * Jeanine Donofrio

07.12.2022

yep! https://www.loveandlemons.com/baba-ganoush/

Reply ↓

  2. Betsy

04.14.2022

  
I love this sauce, I double or triple the recipe and adjust the receipt for
flavor at the end by adding a little more of any ingredient that is needed. I
have had great success freezing the extra sauce for a few months, it still
tastes just as good!

Reply ↓

    * Jeanine Donofrio

04.15.2022

I'm so glad you've enjoyed it so much!

Reply ↓

  3. Edd

11.13.2021

  
This sauce is great. I make my own peanut butter but never thought to make
peanut sauce. If I am out of rice vinegar I use white wine vinegar and leave
out the sweetener.

Reply ↓

  4. Thomas

09.07.2021

Um I put 3 tablespoons of rice vinegar and now it's overpowering the sauce,
did I get the quantity of vinegar wrong?

Reply ↓

    * Jeanine Donofrio

09.08.2021

Hi Thomas, we like our sauce tangy, if it's too much for you, you could stir
in more peanut butter.

Reply ↓

  5. Stephanie

08.03.2021

  
I found this sauce extremely salty. Two tablespoons of tamari was way too much
for me. Good flavor otherwise.

Reply ↓

    * Jeanine Donofrio

08.03.2021

Hi Stephanie, you could stir in a little more peanut butter and water to make
it less salty - or you might find it's more balanced once it's paired with
whatever you're serving it with.

Reply ↓

  6. Anthony W Jones

07.19.2021

What are the nutrition facts of this peanut sauce.

Reply ↓

  7. Melissa

05.10.2021

  
Love this, in my regular rotation for quick dinners. Making this week for a
picnic. Thanks for sharing!

Reply ↓

  8. Ava

03.26.2021

I do not have tamari…would soy sauce suffice and do I need to adjust the
quantity? Thank you.

Reply ↓

    * Jeanine Donofrio

03.26.2021

hi Ava, soy sauce would work great - same quantity.

Reply ↓

  9. Michael

02.21.2021

  
This is sooo good thanks so much!

Reply ↓

  10. Idil

02.15.2021

  
hii! thank you for the recipe. how long does it last in the fridge?

Reply ↓

    * Jeanine Donofrio

02.15.2021

Hi Idil, about 5 days

Reply ↓

      * Idil

02.15.2021

thanks for the fast reply!

Reply ↓

  11. Hazel

01.15.2021

  
Excellent, thanks! Even without the sriracha it was delish!

Reply ↓

  12. Ky

10.05.2020

  
My favorite! My husband’s too! Thank you ❤️

Reply ↓

    * Jeanine Donofrio

10.06.2020

I'm so happy to hear!

Reply ↓

  13. Shir

09.25.2020

  
A huge success! Absolutely love it

Reply ↓

  14. Iris

07.10.2020

  
Love it!! Thanks!

Reply ↓

  15. Marcella

05.31.2020

  
Very good recipes

Reply ↓

  16. Jeanine Donofrio

04.14.2020

Hi Jenn, you can add more peanut butter to suit your taste.

Reply ↓

  17. Laurie

04.07.2020

How long does this last in the frig?

Reply ↓

A food blog with fresh, zesty recipes.

SEARCH RECIPES

breakfast  /  main dish  /  dessert  
vegan  /  gluten free

ALL RECIPES >>

## Hello, we're Jeanine and Jack.

We love to eat, travel, cook, and eat some more! We create & photograph
vegetarian recipes from our home in Chicago, while our shiba pups eat the kale
stems that fall on the kitchen floor.

Instagram Pinterest Twitter Facebook

SHOP OUR KITCHEN ESSENTIALS >>

PRIOR POST

NEXT POST

Top Recipes

  * Healthy Breakfast Ideas
  * Easy Dinner Ideas
  * Healthy Lunch Ideas
  * Best Brunch Recipes
  * Vegan Recipes
  * Best Salad Recipes
  * Best Soup Recipes
  * Easy Appetizer Recipes

Cooking With Vegetables

  * Avocado
  * Beets
  * Brussels Sprouts
  * Broccoli
  * Butternut Squash
  * Cauliflower
  * Spaghetti Squash
  * Sweet Potato

Plant-Based Cooking Basics

  * Brown Rice
  * Lentils
  * Roasted Chickpeas
  * Farro
  * Tofu
  * Tempeh
  * Quinoa
  * Zucchini Noodles

  * HOME
  * ABOUT
  * RECIPES
  * COOKBOOK
  * SHOP
  * SUBSCRIBE
  * CONTACT
  * PRIVACY POLICY

Click here to view our privacy policy.

Copyright (C) 2022 Love and Lemons, LLC. All rights reserved.

