https://unsophisticook.com/easy-peanut-sauce/


Skip to Content

  * Reader Faves
  * Recipes≺
    * Appetizers
    * Breads
    * Breakfast
    * Desserts
    * Drinks
    * How To
    * Lunch
    * Main Dishes
    * Meal Prep
    * Pantry Staples
    * Salads
    * Side Dishes
    * Snacks
    * Soups & Stews
  * DIY & Crafts
  * Subscribe

HOME | Recipes | 2-Minute Easy Peanut Sauce For Dipping & Dressing

# 2-Minute Easy Peanut Sauce For Dipping & Dressing

Posted on Last updated: 02/05/2021

Jump to Recipe

 _This flavorful and **EASY peanut sauce** recipe uses just 5 ingredients and
can be whipped up in under 2 minutes! Peanut butter sauce is delicious as a
dip for veggies or spring rolls, a salad dressing, on cold noodles, or over
chicken._

## Easy Peanut Sauce

If there's one thing I've learned over the years, it's that foodies are
passionate about their peanut sauce. If you google it and click on 5 different
recipes, you'll probably find 5 very different techniques for making it, along
with a wide variety of ingredients…

Some peanut sauce recipes use a food processor, some call for simmering the
sauce, while still others just stir everything together. And then there's the
debate between sambal oelek and sweet red chili sauce. Oh, and should you
roast and grind your own peanuts, or just press the easy button and use peanut
butter?

**PIN IT NOW, MAKE IT LATER!CLICK HERE TO PIN THIS RECIPE.  
WHILE YOU'RE AT IT, LET'S BE FRIENDS! FOLLOW ME ON PINTEREST FOR MORE EASY
RECIPE IDEAS.**  
  

## Quick 2-Minute Peanut Sauce

If you've been hanging around for any length of time, I'm sure you can guess
which end of the spectrum my peanut sauce recipe falls on in most of these
debates. Which is pretty much whatever is the easiest, quickest, and most
flavorful way to achieve the desired results!

If I don't need to wash another pan or dirty up my food processor, you can bet
I'm not dragging either one out. And I FOR SURE am not wasting my time
roasting and grinding peanuts when a good dollop of creamy natural peanut
butter will do the trick.

As for the spice factor? Well, I personally would gravitate toward the extra
heat sambal oelek provides, but sweet red chili sauce is a little more family
friendly (and easier to locate at the grocery store), so it's what I've used
in this recipe.

**All that to say this:** if you're looking for an authentic Thai peanut sauce
recipe, you'll probably want to move on to another recipe. Or maybe not…
Because if you're looking for an amazingly flavorful and EASY peanut sauce
that's super versatile? You've DEFINITELY come to the right place.

## How To Make Peanut Sauce

Once you see how ridiculously easy it is to make this peanut butter sauce,
you're going to want to have a jar on hand at all times. We're talking under 2
minutes using just 5 simple ingredients: creamy natural peanut butter, sweet
red chili sauce, apple cider vinegar, soy sauce, and honey. That's it!

I'm betting you already have most of these ingredients on hand, excepting
perhaps the sweet red chili sauce. No worries! Nearly every grocery store
carries it in the Asian foods section, so pick some up on your next trip. It
adds a tangy sweet and sour flavor with just the barest hint of heat, making
this a perfectly family-friendly peanut sauce.

As for how to make peanut sauce? Well, you simply stir the ingredients
together with a spoon or a whisk! A whisk is a little quicker, but just grab
whatever is closest, so you can dive into this luscious homemade peanut sauce
all the faster.

## A Few Peanut Sauce Tips

After having made this easy peanut sauce dozens of times (my kids simply CAN'T
GET ENOUGH!), I've learned a thing or two along the way:

  * **Kicking it up a notch** -- I intentionally kept this peanut butter sauce on the mild side to make it kid friendly. Upping the heat is super simple, though. Stir in a little more sweet red chili sauce to increase the heat just slightly. Or if you want to go really bold (my preference), stir in some of the sambal oelek I mentioned previously. I recommend starting slowly and tasting as you go.
  * **How to thin peanut sauce** -- Adding water is the simplest way to thin peanut sauce out, but I wait until I've combined the other ingredients to do so. We like it thicker for dipping, but if you want to drizzle it as a dressing, you'll want to thin it out a little more.
  * **Adding texture** -- Sometimes I like a little texture in my peanut sauce, especially when I'm using it over chicken or with noodles. I feel like chunky peanut butter just doesn't give enough, so I always make it with creamy natural peanut butter and then add my own texture in the form of chopped unsalted roasted peanuts. They also make for a beautiful garnish!

However you customize it, you can be sure that this easy peanut sauce is going
to become a family favorite. I'll just go ahead and warn you now that it's
more than slightly addictive… But when a recipe is this simple to throw
together, I'm okay with that!

**PIN IT NOW!CLICK HERE TO ADD THIS EASY PEANUT SAUCE RECIPE TO YOUR EASY
RECIPES BOARD ON PINTEREST!**

Continue to Content

## 2-Minute Easy Peanut Sauce

_Yield:_ 1 cup of peanut sauce

_Prep Time:_ 2 minutes

_Total Time:_ 2 minutes

This flavorful and EASY peanut sauce recipe uses just 5 ingredients and can be
whipped up in under 2 minutes! Peanut butter sauce is delicious as a dip for
veggies or spring rolls, a salad dressing, on cold noodles, or over chicken.

Print

### Ingredients

  * 1/2 cup creamy natural peanut butter
  * 3 tablespoons sweet red chili sauce
  * 1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar
  * 1 tablespoon soy sauce
  * 1 tablespoon honey
  * 1/8-1/4 cup hot water (optional) 
  * chopped unsalted roasted peanuts (optional) 

### Instructions

  1. Measure the peanut butter, sweet red chili sauce, apple cider vinegar, soy sauce, and honey out into a small glass bowl. Whisk together until blended smoothly.
  2. Thin with hot water to desired consistency -- less water for a thicker dip, more water for a thinner dressing. Optional: garnish with chopped unsalted roasted peanuts.

### Notes

**Storage:** Peanut butter sauce can be stored in a covered container in the
refrigerator for up to one week.

 **Ideas:** Meal prep this easy peanut sauce early in the week to form the
base for this totally delish peanut butter chicken recipe.

### Recommended Products

As an Amazon.com Services LLC Associates and member of other affiliate
programs, I earn from qualifying purchases.

  * Spread The Love Organic Peanut Butter 

  * Nature Nate's Raw & Unfiltered Honey 

  * Anchor Hocking Round Glass Storage Containers 

###### Nutrition Information:

Yield: 8 servings Serving Size: 2 tablespoons  
_Amount Per Serving:_ Calories: 120Total Fat: 7.5gSaturated Fat:
1.5gCholesterol: 0mgSodium: 174.8mgCarbohydrates: 8.4gFiber: 1.0gSugar:
5.4gProtein: 4.6g

### Have you tried this recipe?

Leave a comment below and share a photo on Instagram. Tag it @unsophisticook
and hashtag it #unsophisticook!

(C) Tara Kuczykowski

**Cuisine:** Asian  / **Category:** Pantry Staples

## How long will peanut sauce keep in the refrigerator?

Peanut sauce can be stored in the refrigerator in a covered container for up
to one week. Although, chances are, it will be gone long before that!

## Can peanut sauce be frozen?

Yes, this peanut sauce recipe freezes well! Again, place it in a covered
container, and it will keep in your freezer for up to 3 months.

## What does peanut sauce go with?

Um, anything and everything?! This peanut sauce recipe is perfect for Asian
slaws, cold peanut noodle salads, as a chicken satay sauce, as a dip for
spring rolls. Oh, and it makes THE most amazing peanut butter chicken! It's
also delicious as a salad dressing or slaw dressing when it's thinned out.

And last, but not least, it's a fabulous dip for both fruits and veggies --
blackberries, carrots, peppers, and snap peas are some of my faves. I'm
thinking about making these fun veggie cups with peanut butter sauce, instead
of ranch dressing… All the fun, but less worry of spoilage on a hot summer
day!

**I 'd love to see how you're using _your_ easy peanut sauce… Tag me
@Unsophisticook on Instagram or use the hashtag #Unsophisticook so I can check
it out. Enjoy!**

Tags condiment recipesdip recipeseasy recipespeanut butter recipespeanut
recipes

## Post navigation

Smoky Garlic Parmesan Roasted Cauliflower (5 Ingredients!)

Simple Pasta with Olive Oil and Garlic (Pasta Aglio e Olio)

Click here to cancel reply.

Dori

Sunday 21st of November 2021

What can I substitute the chili sauce with?

Tara Kuczykowski

Sunday 21st of November 2021

Hi Dori! It won't be quite the same, but you could substitute sriracha or
spicy ketchup for the chili sauce.

Cheryl

Friday 8th of January 2021

We were already grilling our chicken satay and realized that we didn't have
any peanut sauce. This 2 minute recipe was easy and tasted it great! It was a
hit with the family.

Tara Kuczykowski

Saturday 9th of January 2021

So happy you all loved it, Cheryl!

Sonia

Friday 17th of May 2019

Oh my goodness! I was planning to make chicken satay and was searching for a
dipping sauce.. this sounds perfect match :) Thanks can't wait to try it.

kim

Friday 17th of May 2019

Such a delicious recipe! Love how easy and tasty this one is!

Carrie

Friday 17th of May 2019

I love a peanut sauce recipe, it's so versatile! This looks delicious,
bookmarking to try soon!

  *   *   *   *   * 

Search

### Hey there, nice to meet you!!

I'm Tara: mom of 5 teens & one high-maintenance Weimaraner named Scarlet. Born
and raised in Ohio (GO BUCKS!!!), my fave things include cooking + baking
(obvs!), my JEEP Rubicon 392XR, and a good **paloma drink**...

 **MORE ABOUT ME**  |  **CONTACT ME**

### Disclosures

Many links on this website are affiliate links, meaning commission may be
earned based on clicks and/or purchases (at no extra cost to you). Affiliate
links help fund the free content that is provided on this blog.

Unsophisticook is a participant in the Amazon.com Services LLC Associates
Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us
to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com.

disclosure policy | privacy policy | user agreement

Copyright © 2022 Unsophisticook | Tara Kuczykowski

Skip to Recipe

10.6K shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

  *   *   *   *   * 

