https://properfoodie.com/thai-green-prawn-curry/#step-by-step-instructions


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Recipe Index
  * Dinner
  * Healthy
  * Desserts
  * Work with me
  *     * Email
    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * YouTube

  * Search

ProperFoodie

menu icon

  * Recipe Index
  * Dinner
  * Healthy
  * Desserts
  * Work with me

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Recipe Index
  * Dinner
  * Healthy
  * Desserts
  * Work with me

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

√ó

Home ¬ª All Recipes ¬ª **Thai Green Prawn Curry**

# Thai Green Prawn Curry

Published: Jun 13, 2021 Modified: Jun 13, 2021 / by Debbie Jones / This site
uses cookies. This post may contain affiliate links. Privacy policy in footer.
All opinions are my own. This site generates income via ads.

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

A fragrant and creamy Thai green prawn curry recipe with plump and juicy
prawns and nutty edamame beans. Make your own Thai green prawn curry at home
with this simple recipe and this easy to make Thai green curry paste. Better
than a takeaway any night of the week.

Jump to:

  * üë©üèª‚Äçüç≥ Why make this recipe
  * ü•ò Ingredients
  * üî™ Step by step instructions
  * üí≠ Expert tips
  * ‚ùì Frequently asked questions
  * üçõ Other Thai curry recipes:
  * üìñ Recipe

## üë©üèª‚Äçüç≥ Why make this recipe

A creamy and aromatic curry recipe that can be on the table in 30 minutes.
Prawn curry is a great option for a healthy meal and its super easy to just
throw the prawns in the pan. No need to chop up any raw meats, so it saves you
time and the mess.

This Thai green prawn curry is adapted from the Thai recipes I made in 2012 in
Thailand when attending the Siam Rice cookery school in Chang Mai, Northern
Thailand. I've closely match ingredients where I can and used pre ground
spices.

## ü•ò Ingredients

To make this easy Thai green prawn curry you will need:

### Ingredient notes

**Coconut milk:** The best replacement for coconut milk in terms of
consistency and flavour is cream. This can be a little heavy so you can also
use yogurt or milk. If using milk I would recommend adding flour as well, as
described in the recipe, to help keep the sauce thick.

**Fish sauce:** Fish sauce is the main seasoning ingredient in Thai cooking
and completely transforms the dish. I highly recommend using fish sauce in
this recipe for the best flavour. If you can't get hold of any or if you are
making a vegetarian curry, you can substitute with soy sauce, Worcestershire
sauce or seaweed paste.

**Prawns:** The prawns can be substitute for your preferred meat or fish. See
Thai green chicken curry option. For a vegetarian option replace the prawns
with extra veggies and remember to replace the fish sauce with either soy
sauce, Worcestershire sauce or seaweed paste.

**Thai green curry paste:** For best results I recommend making the Thai green
curry paste yourself. However, if you don't have time to make the paste the
best alternative is to buy a jar of pre-made paste. Bear in mind that the
homemade paste can be made in advance and kept in the fridge for up to a week
or frozen for up to 3 months.

**Edamame beans:** Any type of green bean will work well here. I usally opt
for soy or green beans. If you want more veg try with tenderstem broccoli, pak
choi, baby corn, red onion, finely chopped carrot, aubergine, or courgette..

**Flour:** The flour is used in this recipe as a thickening agent. If you
prefer a Thai green sauce with a thin consistency or if you are making a
gluten free version then leave this out. See expert tips below for alternative
ways to thicken a curry sauce.

## üî™ Step by step instructions

  1. ****Place a wok or large shallow pan onto a medium heat. Add 3 tablespoon of Thai green curry paste and cook for 1 minute to release the flavours.
  2. ****Next add a can coconut milk and stir well until fully combined with the paste.
  3. ****Continue to stir until heated through.
  4. ****Next add a small amount of cold water to 1 tablespoon of plain flour and mix into a paste. Add this to the sauce and stir in. Continue to heat and stir until sauce starts to thicken. **(Skip this step if gluten free and see expert tips below for other ways to thicken the sauce)**
  5. ****Add the raw king prawns to the green sauce and bring to a gentle simmer. **TIP:** do not boil as this will cause the sauce to thin out.
  6. ****Season with lime juice, lime zest, brown sugar and fish sauce (if you're making a vegetarian curry replace the fish sauce with a vegan fish sauce or seaweed paste). Stir well and cook at a simmer for 2-3 minutes or until prawns are bright pink.
  7. ****Next, add your choice of vegetables (I added edamame beans) and heat for a further 1-2 minutes or until veg is cooked but still crisp and bright green.
  8. ****Top with fresh basil, fresh chillies and Crispy onions. Dish up and serve with rice.

## üí≠ Expert tips

**Extra spiciness:** If you like your Thai green curry spicy then add chopped,
fresh green chillies during cooking or as a topping. Taste the chillies first
so you have a rough idea of how much heat you're adding. Use the smaller,
thinner finger chillies for extra heat or use the larger green chillies for a
milder flavour.

**How to make curry sauce thicker:** Use full fat coconut milk in the recipe.
The reduced fat versions are more watery and so will ultimately thin out the
sauce. Coconut milk can also lose its consistency when boiled rapidly over a
prolonged period. So even though reducing a sauce does thicken it, rapidly
boiling in this instance will not help.

**Other options for thickening the Thai green curry sauce include:** Add full
fat yogurt to the sauce. Instead of serving rice at the side, mix it directly
into your curry whilst still in the pan. If adding vegetables that release
water during cooking (e.g. courgettes, mushrooms) roast these in the oven
first and then mix into the finished curry. Or add flour to the curry. To
avoid flour lumps forming I usually mix 1 tablespoon of flour with a bit of
water to form a paste. Then add the flour paste to the curry and mix well.

## ‚ùì Frequently asked questions

**Is this Thai curry hot?**

Out of all the Thai currys, Thai green curry is the hottest, despite the
belief that Thai red curry is the hotter of the two. This is mainly down to
the chillies used in the paste. Green chillies (particularly green birds eye
chilli peppers) tend to be hotter than red. So whether the paste is hot or too
spicy for you, is dependent on the ingredients used and the amounts.

**What is the difference between Thai red and Thai green curry?**

The main difference between Thai green and Thai red curry is the colour and
the heat, both of which come from the type of paste used (Thai red curry paste
or Thai green curry paste).

**How much curry paste is needed to make a curry?**

2-3 tablespoon of paste is usually enough when making a curry for 2-4 people.

**How to store?**

Once made, allow the Thai green curry to completely cool then transfer to a
sealable container and keep in the fridge for 2 days or or in the freezer for
up to 3 months. Defrost in the fridge overnight. Reheat in a pan or in the
microwave until piping hot throughout.

**Is this recipe gluten free?**

Yes its gluten free, as long as you don't use the above flour option for
thickening. But do always check the packets of the individual ingredients you
are using. Generally the main ingredients in this curry are naturally gluten
free.

## üçõ Other Thai curry recipes:

  * Thai green curry paste
  * Massaman Curry
  * Thai green chicken curry
  * Chicken Panang curry
  * Thai red curry paste
  * Massaman curry paste
  * Thai red curry
  * Thai yellow curry paste

If you've tried this recipe, let me know what you think by leaving a star
rating in the recipe card or comment section below. I always appreciate your
feedback! You can also follow me on Pinterest, Facebook or Instagram or Sign
up to my email list!

## üìñ Recipe

## Thai Green Prawn Curry

By: Debbie Jones

A fragrant and creamy Thai green prawn curry recipe with plump and juicy
prawns and nutty edamame beans. Make your own Thai green prawn curry at home
with this simple recipe and this easy to make Thai green curry paste. Better
than a takeaway any night of the week.

5 from 4 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 15 mins

Cook Time 15 mins

Total Time 30 mins

Course Dinner, Main Course

Cuisine Thai, Thailand

Servings 2 people

Calories 668 kcal

### Equipment

  * ‚ñ¢

Wok or large shallow pan

### Ingredients



1x2x3x

MetricUS Customary

  * ‚ñ¢ 3 tablespoon of homemade Thai green paste or shop bought green paste if you‚Äôre short on time
  * ‚ñ¢ 400 ml can of full fat coconut milk
  * ‚ñ¢ 1 tablespoon plain flour for thickening - optional do not use if making a gluten free version
  * ‚ñ¢ 250 g king prawns
  * ‚ñ¢ Juice and zest of half a lime
  * ‚ñ¢ 2 teaspoon soft brown sugar
  * ‚ñ¢ Few splashes of fish sauce
  * ‚ñ¢ 150 g frozen edamame beans
  * ‚ñ¢ Basil leaves fresh chillies and crispy onions to serve (optional)
  * ‚ñ¢ Rice to serve optional

### Instructions



  * Place a wok or large shallow pan onto a medium heat. Add 3 tablespoon of Thai green curry paste and cook for 1 minute to release the flavours.

  * Next add a can of coconut milk and stir well until fully combined with the paste.

  * Continue to stir until heated through.

  * Next add a small amount of cold water to 1 tablespoon of plain flour and mix into a paste. Add this to the sauce and stir in. Continue to heat and stir until sauce starts to thicken. (Skip this step if gluten free and see expert tips below for other ways to thicken the sauce)

  * Add the raw king prawns to the green sauce and bring to a gentle simmer. TIP: do not boil as this will cause the sauce to thin out.

  * Season with lime juice, lime zest, brown sugar and fish sauce (if you're making a vegetarian curry replace the fish sauce with a vegan fish sauce or seaweed paste). Stir well and cook at a simmer for 2-3 minutes or until prawns are bright pink.

  * Next, add your choice of vegetables (I added edamame beans) and heat for a further 1-2 minutes or until veg is cooked but still crisp and bright green.

  * Top with fresh basil, fresh chillies and Crispy onions. Dish up and serve with rice.

### Nutrition

Calories: 668kcal | Carbohydrates: 22g | Protein: 39g | Fat: 50g | Saturated
Fat: 39g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 3g | Monounsaturated Fat: 4g | Trans Fat: 1g |
Cholesterol: 315mg | Sodium: 1239mg | Potassium: 894mg | Fiber: 5g | Sugar: 7g
| Vitamin A: 3599IU | Vitamin C: 15mg | Calcium: 304mg | Iron: 12mg

### Notes

 **Extra spiciness:** If you like your Thai green curry spicy then add
chopped, fresh green chillies during cooking or as a topping. Taste the
chillies first so you have a rough idea of how much heat you're adding. The
curry paste already contains chillies so if you're not a fan of too much heat
then don't go crazy. Use the smaller, thinner finger chillies for extra heat
or use the larger green chillies for a milder flavour.

**How to make curry sauce thicker:** Use full fat coconut milk in the recipe.
Add full fat yogurt to the sauce. Instead of serving rice at the side, mix it
directly into your curry whilst still in the pan. If adding vegetables that
release water during cooking (e.g. courgettes, mushrooms) roast these in the
oven first and then mix into the finished curry. Or add flour to the curry. To
avoid flour lumps forming I usually mix 1 tablespoon of flour with a bit of
water to form a paste. Then add the flour paste to the curry and mix well.

**How much curry paste is needed to make a curry?** 2-3 tablespoon of paste is
usually enough when making a curry for 2-4 people.

**How to store?** Once made, allow the Thai green curry to completely cool
then transfer to a sealable container and keep in the fridge for 2 days or or
in the freezer for up to 3 months. Defrost in the fridge overnight. Reheat in
a pan or in the microwave until piping hot throughout.

**Is this recipe gluten free?** Yes its gluten free, as long as you don't use
the above flour option for thickening. But do always check the packets of the
individual ingredients you are using. Generally the main ingredients in this
curry are naturally gluten free.

Tried this recipe?Let us know how it was!

## More All Recipes

  * Lamb Pie Recipe

  * Healthy Banana Bread

  * Thai Red Curry Recipe

  * Thai Red Curry Paste

  * Email
  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * LinkedIn
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Martin

June 27, 2021 at 9:24 am

  
There's so much wrong with this recipe. Green curry should not be thick. It's
the consistency of a soup. If you really want it thick like Choo chee or
Penang then simply just reduce. There's no need to add in thickener which
ruins taste and texture. It's unnecessary! Even if you really really want to
then use cornflour because it's tasteless. Ordinary flour clumps and beings an
unwelcome taste. There are other issues but those are the worst.

Reply

    * Debbie Jones

June 27, 2021 at 9:50 pm

  
Hi Martin, Thanks for taking the time to visit my site and leave a comment.
However, please do reread the recipe post and notes. You will see that I
mention that the addition of flour is optional and to leave out if you prefer
a thin consistency or if you are making gluten free version.The addition of
flour is to my own preference as I like it a little thicker. The recipe notes
also provide other options for thickening such as mixing with rice etc. I have
tried to provide as much information as possible so that the reader can make
this recipe as they would like it, including making to a thin consistency. As
for flour clumping and adding an unwelcome taste.....yes this is the case if
you add it directly and don't give it time to cook out. However, i suggest
adding a bit of water and making into a paste before adding gradually and
stirring until thickened (and therefore cooked out). Like all recipes everyone
has their own slant and preference. I always add optional extras to my recipes
in the hope that I will give people the opportunity to make the recipe in the
way they prefer. AND I always state when these things are optional......as is
the case here with the flour. I hope you do give the recipe a try and leave
out the flour (as to your own taste). Debbie

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Œî

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi there, I'm Debbie!**

Welcome to ProperFoodie and thanks for stopping by! Here you will find all of
my favourite, easy to follow recipes with healthy, nutritious ingredients. Get
in touch with me at:

[email protected]

Find out more!

### Spring Sensations

  * 5 Easy Recipes For Pancakes

  * Pea and Ham Soup

  * Smoked Haddock Risotto

  * Roast Chicken

### Popular

  * Chilli Garlic Prawns Starter

  * Homemade Tikka Masala Paste

  * Easy Recipes For Avocado

  * American Blueberry Pancakes

Chilli Garlic Prawns Starter

Smoked Haddock Risotto

How to Make Pasta

Baileys Irish Cream and Coffee

Plum and Rhubarb Crumble

View all stories

## Footer

^ back to top

### About

  * Disclosure & Privacy Policy
  * Accessibility Statement

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates

### Contact

  * Work with me
  * Food Photography
  * Food Videography

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright ¬© 2020 **Foodie Pro** on the Foodie Pro Theme

  *   *   *   *   *   *   * 

Chilli Garlic Prawns Starter Smoked Haddock Risotto How to Make Pasta Baileys
Irish Cream and Coffee Plum and Rhubarb Crumble

