https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/thai-green-curry-prawns/db202d3b-8f02-4e81-9071-a96c81b7a048


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Thai green curry prawns

  * _15m_ prep
  * _15m_ cook
  * _4_ servings 

9

Save Recipe

339 people saved this

5 people made this

Try this fragrant Thai green curry with prawns for a quick and easy weeknight
meal.

K

Kate Murdoch

177 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain yeast, sulphites, mustard, crustacean and fish.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 11 Ingredients 
  * 3 Method Steps 

#### 11 Ingredients

  * 2 tsp oil 

  * 2 tbsp store-bought green curry paste 

  * 2 cups (500ml) Massel salt reduced chicken style liquid stock 

  * 270ml can light coconut cream 

  * 1 small red capsicum, seeds removed, chopped coarsely 

  * 1 punnet baby corn, halved lengthwise 

  * 3/4 cup (45g) broccoli flowerets 

  * 75g snow peas, trimmed 

  * 20 uncooked king prawns, heads removed, peeled with tails left intact 

  * 2 tsp lime juice 

  * 2 tbsp Thai basil leaves 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 3 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Heat oil  (2 tsp oil) in a large deep non-stick frying pan over medium heat.
Add curry paste  (2 tbsp store-bought green curry paste) and stir fry for 1
minute. Stir in stock  (2 cups (500ml) Massel salt reduced chicken style
liquid stock) and coconut cream  (270ml can light coconut cream). Bring to a
high simmer, then reduce heat to medium-low.

  * Step 2

Add capsicum  (1 small red capsicum, seeds removed, chopped coarsely), baby
corn  (1 punnet baby corn, halved lengthwise) and broccoli  (3/4 cup (45g)
broccoli flowerets). Cook for 8-10 minutes or until tender. Add snow peas
(75g snow peas, trimmed) and prawns  (20 uncooked king prawns, heads removed,
peeled with tails left intact). Cook for a further 2-3 minutes or until prawns
are cooked through.

  * Step 3

Stir through lime juice  (2 tsp lime juice) and basil leaves  (2 tbsp Thai
basil leaves), and serve with rice.

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

5 people made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

339 people saved this

### Recipe Notes

Thai curry pastes are named by colour, but all feature common ingredients such
as galangal, shrimp paste and lemongrass. Green curry paste is fragrant and
hot. Use regular basil leaves if Thai ones are unavailable.

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by Oliver Ford

##  Popular on Taste

  1. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

  2. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  3. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  4. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

  5. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

  6. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

  7. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  8. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

