https://christieathome.com/blog/cantonese-vegetable-chow-mein/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * Asian Recipes
    * By Region
      * Chinese
      * Filipino
      * Indonesian
      * Japanese
      * Korean
      * Malaysian
      * Singaporean
      * Taiwanese
      * Thai
      * Vietnamese
    * By Course
      * Mains
      * Breakfast
      * Dessert
      * Appetizers/Sides
      * Beverages
      * Snacks
  * Shop
  * Subscribe
  * ABOUT
    * Work with Me
  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Asian Recipes
  * Shop
  * About
  * Newsletter Subscription
  * Work with Me

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

Ã—

Home Â» Recipes Â» Asian Â» Cantonese Vegetable Chow Mein

# Cantonese Vegetable Chow Mein

Last Modified: November 17, 2020 \- Published by: christieathome \- Comments:
9 Comments

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

Cantonese Vegetable Chow Mein. Chow mein noodles smothered in a thick glossy
sauce accompanied a variety of veggies. Great for dinner, lunch or leftovers.
Ready in 20 minutes.

The chow mein noodles are fried in oil and as a result, become so crispy! But
when they are topped off with that luscious thick vegetable stir fry sauce,
it's pure heaven in your mouth!

I love the contrasting textures of the crunchy noodles against the softened
veggies. This is why this dish is so popular in Asia and there are many
renditions of it.

I know there are many chow mein recipes online but this one is healthier and
packed with veggies! You could probably sneak in some more if you desire. My
vegetable chow mein recipe is also vegetarian too because I'm using vegetarian
stir fry sauce and not oyster sauce.

## What's the different between chow mein vs lo mein?

Both use the same type of chow mein egg noodles however:

Chow mein usually comes with a very thick glossy sauce that smothers the
crispy noodles, vegetables and/or protein.

On the other hand, lo mein is not usually smothered in a heavy thick sauce.
Instead it's very lightly coated in a soy oyster sauce. The noodles look more
brown than yellow. The dish is usually accompanied with some veggies and
protein of choice.

This is probably the best vegetable chow mein I've ever made and I'm very
excited to share my recipe with you! Don't forget to check out some of my
other related recipes below!

## **Other recipes you may like!**

Singapore Curry Vermicelli Noodles  
Pad See Ew Noodles  
Mushroom Tofu Yakisoba Noodles  
Chinese Vegetable Lo Mein

## **For this recipe**

You will need the following ingredients for my vegetable chow mein dish:

  * 2 cups Yu Choy chopped
  * Â¼ cup green onions chopped 1 inch long
  * 1 red bell pepper sliced into matchsticks
  * One small carrot peeled and sliced into matchsticks
  * 1 cup snap peas ends chopped off
  * 1 tsp garlic minced
  * â…“ cup avocado oil
  * 454 g Cantonese style steamed chow mein noodles
  * Â½ cup Vegetable broth

#### chow mein **sauce** :

  * 6 tbsp Vegetarian Stir Fry Sauce or oyster sauce if you're not vegetarian
  * 2 tbsp cornstarch
  * 1 cup water

## **How to make  **vegetable chow mein **  at home**

  1. In a small bowl, whisk together ingredients for stir fry sauce.
  2. In a deep pan set over medium high heat, add avocado oil. Add in the noodles. Reduce heat to medium, fry on each side for 2 -3 minutes until golden crispy brown. Slide noodles onto a large serving plate.
  3. In the same oiled pan set over medium heat, add in all vegetables and garlic. Saute until soft. Add vegetable broth and cook for 1 minute.
  4. Then pour in stir fry sauce and bring to a quick boil. Once the sauce thickens, immediately pour over crispy noodles

## **On a personal note**

I have really fallen back in love with Asian food again! It's so delicious and
I notice many of my readers seem to enjoy them over my western recipes.

Many people think Asian cuisine is challenging but it's really not! The sauce
combinations are usually the same and once you get a hang of it, it's like
practice makes perfect!

So I hope you give more of my asian recipes a try! Specifically this chow mein
from scratch. You will not be disappointed.

## Give it a try!

Well I hope you give my Cantonese Vegetable Chow Mein recipe a try! It always
excites me when you guys make my recipes and I hope this is one you try.

Thanks for visiting my blog! If you enjoyed this chow mein noodle recipe,
please share it with your family and friends or on social media! Take a
picture if you've made my recipe and tag me on Instagram @christieathome in
your feed or stories so I can share your creation in my stories with credits
to you!

## **M** ade this recipe and loved it?

#### **If you could leave a star rating for my vegetable chow mein
**recipe**** , **I would greatly appreciate it ðŸ™‚ Thanks so much!**

Take care,  
Christie

#### * _This post contains affiliate links. As an Amazon Associate I earn from
qualifying purchases. I also earn from qualifying purchases through additional
affiliate programs_

## Cantonese Vegetable Chow Mein (20-min. Recipe)

christieathome

Cantonese Vegetable Chow Mein. Chow mein noodles smothered in a thick glossy
sauce accompanied a variety of veggies. Great for dinner, lunch or leftovers.
Ready in 20 minutes.

5 from 10 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

Prep Time 10 mins

Cook Time 10 mins

Total Time 20 mins

Course dinner, lunch

Cuisine asian, Chinese

Servings 4

Calories 610 kcal

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * 454 g Cantonese Steamed Chow Mein Noodles
  * 2 cups Yu Choy chopped
  * Â¼ cup green onion chopped 1 inch long
  * 1 red bell pepper sliced into matchsticks
  * 1 small carrot peeled and sliced into matchsticks
  * 1 cup snap peas ends chopped off
  * 1 tsp garlic minced
  * â…“ cup avocado oil
  * Â½ cup Vegetable broth

#### Stir Fry Sauce

  * 6 tbsp Vegetarian Stir Fry Sauce or oyster sauce if you're not vegetarian
  * 2 tbsp cornstarch
  * 1 cup water

### Instructions



  * In a small bowl, whisk together ingredients for stir fry sauce.

  * In a deep pan set over medium high heat, add avocado oil. Add in the noodles. Reduce heat to medium, fry on each side for 2 -3 minutes until golden crispy brown. Slide noodles onto a large serving plate.

  * In the same oiled pan set over medium heat, add in all vegetables and garlic. Saute until soft. Add vegetable broth and cook for 1 minute.

  * Then pour in stir fry sauce and bring to a quick boil. Once the sauce thickens, immediately pour over crispy noodles.

NOTES

For very saucy noodles, double the portion of the Stir-Fry sauce to pour over
your noodles.

Enjoyed my recipe?Please leave a 5 star review (be kind)! Tag me on social
media @christieathome as I'd love to see your creations!

###

Suggested Equipment & Products

Wok

Measuring Set

Cutting Board

Santoku Knife

Steel Colander

Keyword authentic vegetable chow mein recipe, cantonese chow mein, cantonese
style chow mein, chow mein egg noodles, chow mein from scratch, chow mein
noodle recipe, chow mein noodles, chow mein sauce, easy chinese vegetable chow
mein recipe, how to make vegetable chow mein at home, make a chow mein sauce,
the best vegetable chow mein, vegetable chow mein recipe

###### Nutrition

Calories: 610kcal | Carbohydrates: 89g | Protein: 17g | Fat: 20g | Saturated
Fat: 2g | Sodium: 842mg | Potassium: 172mg | Fiber: 8g | Sugar: 5g | Vitamin
A: 3411IU | Vitamin C: 55mg | Calcium: 24mg | Iron: 4mg

## Suggested Products

Â« Asian Sesame Smashed Potatoes

Japanese Chicken Katsu Â»

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Katherine | Love In My Oven

March 09, 2020 at 5:55 pm

  
I showed my husband these photos today and asked him if he wanted this for
dinner soon and it was a resounding YES! Haha. It looks so colourful and
flavourful, Christie!!

Reply

  2. Never Ending Journeys

March 09, 2020 at 10:55 pm

  
What a yummy bowl! So colorful and very beautifully presented!

Reply

  3. Rosemary Squires

March 10, 2020 at 11:04 am

  
You know how I feel about all your Asian recipes! Hehe one day I will have to
try ALL of them! Hope you have been enjoying weekends off xoxo

Reply

  4. Heidi | The Frugal Girls

March 10, 2020 at 4:57 pm

  
I'm such a big fan of Chow Mein, so thank you for sharing this easy recipe.
It's the perfect way to sneak in a few more veggies!

Reply

  5. Molly

March 11, 2020 at 2:17 pm

  
These noodles were so amazing and crispy especially when it's paired with that
silky thick sauce! Definitely making this again.

Reply

  6. Sherri

March 12, 2020 at 3:07 pm

  
Love how quickly this beautiful dish comes together for an easy meal that's
loaded with super veggie goodness! ðŸ™‚

Reply

  7. Katerina

March 13, 2020 at 5:58 am

  
That crispness of the veggies with an addition of lovely tangy/sweet/sticky
sauce is definitely why I keep coming back to stir fries. I am always up for a
delicious Asian dish so keep 'em coming, Christie! Happy weekend, lovely x

Reply

  8. Rachel Di Salle

July 16, 2020 at 9:23 pm

  
Christie, this was delicious!! I canâ€™t wait to try another recipe.

Reply

    * christieathome

July 16, 2020 at 10:53 pm

Ahhh Rachel! Thanks so much for this kind feedback and hope you're well!

Reply

### Enjoyed my recipe? Leave a rated review! Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Î”

## Primary Sidebar

**Hello! My name is Christie.** I enjoy sharing Asian recipes from around the
world. So that you can make them from the comfort of your own home. In my
spare time, I enjoy spending it with my wonderful husband and two pups.

More about me â†’

## Footer

### Follow Me

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

## Footer

â†‘ back to top

### Home

  * Home
  * Asian Recipes
  * Shop
  * Privacy Policy

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up!

### Contact

  * About
  * Work with Me

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright Â© 2021 **Christie at Home**

