https://www.ruchiskitchen.com/cantonese-style-veg-noodles/


  * Recipes
    * Party Menus
    * Appetizers
    * Breakfast
    * Desserts
    * Cakes, Cookies, and Cupcakes
    * Drinks and Beverages
    * Indian Cuisine
      * Indian Sweets
      * No Onion No Garlic Recipes
      * Vrat Food
    * Main Course
      * Pasta and Noodles
      * Pizza, Burgers, and Sandwiches
    * Slow cooker recipes
    * Soups and Salads
    * Breads and Rolls
  * Instant Pot
  * Reference Guide
    * Kitchen Basics
  * Shop @ Amazon
  * Indian Festivals
  * Work With Me
  * About Us
    * Contact Us
    * Privacy Policy

* Search for:

  *   *   *   *   * 

  * Home
  * Work With Me
  * About
  * Contact
  * Disclosure

RuchisKitchen

Cooking at your fingertips

  *   *   *   *   * 

  * Recipes
    * Instant Pot
    * Party Menus
    * Appetizers and Snacks
    * Drinks and Beverages
    * Cakes, Cookies, and Cupcakes
    * Desserts
    * Soups and Salads
    * Breads and Rolls
    * Pizza, Burgers, and Sandwiches
    * Pasta and Noodles
    * Main Course
    * Indian Cuisine
      * Indian Dishes
      * Indian Sweets
      * Slow Cooker Recipes
      * Vrat Food
      * No Onion No Garlic Recipes
      * Non veg recipes
    * Breakfast
    * Accompaniments and Sides
  * Kitchen Basics
  * Reference Guide
  * Festivals
  * Shop

Home » Recipes » Pasta and Noodles » Cantonese Style Veg Noodles

# Cantonese Style Veg Noodles

**Published On:** April 24, 2017 **By:** Ruchi

This site uses cookies and affiliate links. As an Amazon affiliate, I earn
from qualifying purchases. Please read my disclosure.

2.0K shares

  * Share13
  * Pin2.0K
  * Yummly
  * Reddit

Jump to Recipe

Incredibly delicious one-pot Cantonese Style Veg Noodles is a quick n easy
recipe that comes together in less than 30 minutes. Perfect recipe for a busy
weeknight - simple, gluten-free, healthy and full of flavor!

On my recent trip to Singapore, I ate Cantonese style veg noodles at a food
joint, and the taste still lingers in my mouth. I loved the texture and the
different flavors of these noodles where crunchy vegetables meet sweet-tangy
sauces and create a lip-smacking dish.

Since then, I wanted to experiment and produce the same taste in my kitchen.

These noodles are different from the regular Lo mein noodles. Lo mein noodles
are comparatively thicker in size and are simply tossed with sauces, and
cooked veggies wherein Cantonese noodles are thinner and are pan-cooked before
tossing them with crunchy vegetables and sauces.

This recipe is my version of making Cantonese style veg noodles, and I am
making no claims of authenticity with this recipe. The original recipe that I
ate at the food joint used oyster sauce as the base but to create a veggie
version I have substituted oyster sauce with hoisin sauce.

**Now on to the recipe!**

Begin by boiling noodles as per package instructions. Cook until noodles is
tender and al dente ( firm enough to bite). Drain and set it aside. Heat oil
in a pan and add boiled noodles. Keep flipping noodles upside down until crisp
and slightly golden brown. They may clump up, but no worries, later when
tossed with veggies and sauces they’ll loosen.

Remember - before you begin cooking, have everything sliced and ready by your
side. This dish comes together quickly, and you may not find enough time in
between to cut or chop a vegetable. Store bought pre-chopped coleslaw can be
used as a substitute for veggies.

Feel free to add some pan cooked tofu pieces to these noodles. Meat lovers can
certainly add some cooked meat to add more flavor.

Pick vegetables of your choice like bell peppers, carrots, onions, broccoli,
red cabbage or green cabbage. Thinly slice them up, cook them in sesame oil
and olive oil for few seconds - do not overcook them, vegetables should still
have a bite or crunch left to them. Add cooked noodles, spices, sauces and
toss until well blended. Taste and adjust seasonings to taste.

Top with some bean sprouts, green onions and enjoy a comforting and delicious
bowl of wholesome goodness!!

If you happen to make this recipe, please leave me your valuable comments
below!

Have you tried this recipe?Leave a star rating by clicking on the ⭐ below!

## Cantonese Style Veg Noodles

Author : Ruchi

Incredibly delicious one pot Cantonese Style Veg Noodles is quick and easy
recipe that comes together in less than 30 minutes. Perfect recipe for a busy
weeknights - simple and full of flavor.

5 from 4 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 10 mins

Cook Time 15 mins

Total Time 25 mins

Servings 4 PEOPLE

###

INGREDIENTS



1x2x3x

#### FOR NOODLES

  * ▢ 1 packet Gluten-free thin noodles or thin spaghetti
  * ▢ 1/2 cup Thinly sliced or shredded carrots
  * ▢ 1/2 cup Thinly sliced or shredded cabbage
  * ▢ 1/2 cup Thinly sliced or shredded Red cabbage
  * ▢ 4-5 stalks of Green onions, chopped
  * ▢ 1.5 teaspoon Minced Garlic
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Sesame Oil
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Olive oil
  * ▢ Salt to taste

#### SAUCES

  * ▢ 3-4 tablespoon Soy sauce
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon Hoisin Sauce
  * ▢ 1/2 -1 tablespoon Brown Sugar or Regular sugar
  * ▢ 1-2 teaspoon Crushed red chili flakes
  * ▢ 1/2 tablespoon Honey

###

INSTRUCTIONS

  * Thinly slice or chop veggies.

  * Assemble rest of the ingredients.

  * In a bowl combine all the ingredients listed under sauces and mix until well blended. Set it aside.

  * Boil noodles as per packet instructions.

  * Drain and rinse the cooked noodles in a colander.

  * Heat oil in a pan. Add boiled noodles and cook on medium flame.

  * Keep flipping noodles upside down until crisp and slightly golden brown in color. Set them aside.

  * Heat sesame oil and olive oil in a pan. Add minced garlic.

  * Saute for few seconds.

  * Add veggies and..

  * Saute for few seconds.

  * Add boiled noodles..

  * Pour in sauce mix..

  * Mix until blended.

  * Adjust seasonings and..

  * Enjoy it for lunch or for a lite evening snack.

###

RECIPE NOTES

VEG CHOW MEIN

SPICY VEGGIE SZECHUAN NOODLES

SPICY VEG NOODLES

**Disclaimer:** The nutritional information provided above is approximate.
Variations may exist due to the ingredients/brands used. These numbers should
be considered estimates, as they are not calculated by a registered dietician.

Are you Going to make this recipe? Take a picture and mention @ruchiskitchen!
I would LOVE to see how it turned out for you!

2.0K shares

  * Share13
  * Pin2.0K
  * Yummly
  * Reddit

### Looking for more? Try These:

  * Panchmel dal
  * Bhutte Ke Kebab
  * Eggless Orange Cupcakes
  * Eggless Marble Cupcakes

#### Hi, I am Ruchi!

Welcome to my incredible food paradise! If you are passionate about food, this
is the right place to explore exquisite recipes. From tasty starters,
delicious meals, and blissful sweet delights, here you will find everything to
please the gourmet in you. ❤ More About Me  

#####  Follow along:

  *   *   *   *   * 

#### Search

#### Subscribe Today

For all your favorite dishes straight to your inbox

Subscribe

#### Featured on

#### Recipe Key:

  * DFDairy Free
  * EFEgg Free
  * GFGluten Free
  * IPInstant Pot
  * NFNut Free
  * 30Under 30
  * VGVegetarian
  * VVegan
  * NBNo Bake
  * PPaleo

  * SPWeight Watchers Smart Points

#### Trending Recipes

#### As Featured In:

Copyright ©2022, RuchisKitchen. All Rights Reserved.

