https://www.cookeatworld.com/vegetable-that-green-curry/


Skip to content

Trending: Pathia Curry ⇢

Search for:

Trending: Pathia Curry ⇢

 __GET A FREE E-COOKBOOK

Search for:

Toggle Navigation

  *  __Summer Salads
  * Discover
    * Asian
      * Burmese
      * Cambodian
      * Chinese
      * Filipino
      * Indian
      * Indonesian
      * Japanese
      * Korean
      * Laotian
      * Malaysian
      * Pakistani
      * Sri Lankan
      * Taiwanese
      * Thai
      * Vietnamese
    * European
      * British
      * French
      * Greek/Cypriot
      * Italian
      * Spanish
      * Turkish
    * Middle Eastern
      * Afghani
      * Iranian
      * Israeli
      * Jordanian
      * Lebanese
      * Moroccan
      * Palestinian
    * The Americas
      * Argentinian
      * Mexican
  * Course
    * Breakfast
    * Appetizer
    * Main Course
    * Side Dish
    * Salad
    * Snack
    * Sauces & Condiments
    * Drinks & Cocktails
    * Dessert
  * Dietary
    * Fish & Seafood
    * Gluten Free
    * Vegetarian
    * Vegan
  * Blog

Vegetable Thai Green Curry

# Vegetable Thai Green Curry

Cook Eat World ↣ Asian ↣ Thai ↣ Vegetable Thai Green Curry

By Lee Jackson↣Published On: October 18th, 2019↣

 _My fresh Thai green curry gets a vegetarian makeover to make a lighter,
brighter and healthier South East Asian classic. Make it as fiery as you dare
– get the recipe here._

Jump to Recipe

My Vegetable Thai Green Curry is a pretty feisty monster! I love spice and I
love a South East Asian Curry - as heat goes, I've eaten some hard to handle
dishes in my time. All of them Thai!

## My eyes My Eyes!

One restaurant in particular in Thailand served up a green curry so spicy I
thought I might go blind. After two mouthfuls, I called it a day - all this to
much laughter from the locals.

If I eat a green curry, I'm prepared for a spice hit, but with most of spicy
dishes, I don't over do it. It's not a pissing competition here, my food is
tasty and that's pretty much it! I'll give you HOT, but not at a "my eyes! MY
EYES!" level.

## Quick curry? It's in the bag.

After the mighty Massaman Beef curry, green curry is my favourite to eat at
home. I always have this spice paste in little bags, ready to use for a curry,
or as a marinade or base of a stir-fry. All Thai pastes can be used as a
starting point for things other than curries, so make a big batch and, like me
freeze it. You'll be high-fiving yourself when you're tired and want a tasty
curry in front of you in 20 minutes.

I've eaten countless versions of green curry over the years - with all kinds
of ingredients - chicken, pork, beef, duck, seafood and even blood cubes! But
for this version I'm keeping it simple with vegetables. I've suggested the
vegetables I have at home right now, but the sauce can take whatever veg you
have on hand.

The final dish is a creamy, vibrant hit of spice and the lime at the end adds
a sour citrus note to freshen the flavour for a more rounded taste.

## How to make my Vegetable Thai Green Curry

## Vegetable Thai Green Curry

Rate this recipe

5 from 1 vote

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Recipe by Lee

Course Main Course

Cuisine Thai

Prep Time25 minutes

Cook Time10 minutes

Total Time35 minutes

Servings (adjustable) 4

Calories (per serving) | 367

## Ingredients

#### For the paste

  * ▢ 6 green thai chillies (chopped). 
  * ▢ 1 lemon grass stalk (white part only chopped - reserve the rest)
  * ▢ 2 shallots (chopped)
  * ▢ 2 stalks fresh coriander stems (chopped - reserve leaves)
  * ▢ 1/2 tbsp cumin powder
  * ▢ 1/2 tbsp coriander powder
  * ▢ 1 tsp shrimp paste
  * ▢ 4 cloves garlic
  * ▢ 1/2 tsp fresh galangal (or 1 teaspoon fresh ginger - chopped)
  * ▢ 1 kaffir lime leaf
  * ▢ 1/2 tsp salt
  * ▢ 1/2 tsp white pepper

#### Other Ingredients

  * ▢ 2 kaffir lime leaves
  * ▢ 1 400ml can coconut milk (diluted with 200ml water)
  * ▢ 4 tbsp peanut oil
  * ▢ 2 tbsp fish sauce
  * ▢ 1 tbsp sugar
  * ▢ 300 g assorted vegetables (cut into equal sizes) - I used broccoli, carrot, onion and eggplant
  * ▢ 1 lime (juice of)

## Instructions

#### To make the paste

  * Blend all the paste ingredients in a food processor or pestle & mortar into a very fine paste. Set aside.

#### To make the curry

  * Heat the oil in a wok over a moderate temperature.

  * Add the paste to the pan and stir for 3-4 minutes until fragrant.

  * Now about 1/4 cup of the coconut milk and stir in for another 2 minutes until a little oil separates.

  * Next up is the coconut milk - pour that in and add the kaffir lime leaves and fish sauce, lemongrass stalk and sugar. Stir well.

  * Bring the sauce to a boil then reduce the heat a little and let it bubble for 5 minutes.

  * Tip in the vegetables and simmer for a further 3-4 minutes until just softened. Remove from the heat and squeeze over and stir in the lime juice. Have a taste and add a little more fish sauce, salt, sugar or lime juice as you see fit. Serve with lots of fluffy Jasmine rice

## Nutrition

Calories: 367kcal (18%) | Carbohydrates: 13g (4%) | Protein: 4g (8%) | Fat:
36g (55%) | Saturated Fat: 21g (131%) | Cholesterol: 14mg (5%) | Sodium:
1059mg (46%) | Potassium: 355mg (10%) | Fiber: 1g (4%) | Sugar: 5g (6%) |
Vitamin A: 121IU (2%) | Vitamin C: 19mg (23%) | Calcium: 54mg (5%) | Iron: 5mg
(28%)

Tried this Recipe? Tag me Today!Mention @CookEatWorld or tag #cookeatworld!

Did you make my Vegetable Thai Green Curry?

How did you go? Let me know in the comments below and be sure to tag
@cookeatworld at Instagram.

This site contains affiliate links to products. We may receive a commission
for purchases made through these links. Learn more.

By Lee Jackson|2021-09-14T19:11:51-07:00October 18th, 2019|

##  Related Posts

  * ####  Malaysian Sambal Sauce

July 24th, 2022 | 3 Comments

  * ####  Garganelli Pasta with Mushroom Ragù

July 20th, 2022 | 0 Comments

  * ####  Chicken Pathia Curry

July 14th, 2022 | 0 Comments

  * ####  Methi Chicken Curry

June 25th, 2022 | 0 Comments

  * ####  Heirloom Tomato Salad

May 14th, 2022 | 0 Comments

  * ####  Pampanella Molisana (Paprika Roast Pork from Molise)

May 13th, 2022 | 2 Comments

  * ####  Paccheri Pasta with Neapolitan Ragù

April 28th, 2022 | 0 Comments

  * ####  Ayam Serundeng (Chicken with Crispy Coconut)

April 22nd, 2022 | 0 Comments

  * ####  The Best Vegetarian Curry Recipes in the Cook Eat World

April 21st, 2022 | 0 Comments

##  2 Comments

  1. **DanielG** January 8, 2010 at 9:49 pm \- Reply

Hi, I tried this out.  
Great dish! Having said that I had to make a lot of substitutes as it was
mayhem here in Cape Town, live by the beach and couldn’t go far and wide
searching for ingredients because of the traffic.

Shallots -> Onions  
Fish sauce -> Combo of fish stock and soya  
Lime -> Lemon  
and couldn’t get hold of lemon grass.

So maybe not the same dish, but everyone loved it! Thanx

    * **admin** January 9, 2010 at 10:18 am \- Reply

You could have added a couple pieces of lemon rind to the curry to substitute
lemongrass – but the other substitutions were spot on! Glad it still tasted
good!

## Leave A Comment Cancel reply

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

### G’day, Howdy, Ciao, Ni Hao!

Hi, I’m Lee. Thanks for Joining me at Cook Eat World on a journey of exciting
recipes from every corner of the Globe. Ready to discover a world of flavour
without leaving your kitchen?

More about me ⟼

#### Summer Salads

  * ### Heirloom Tomato Salad

  * ### Haydari (Turkish Yoghurt Meze)

  * ### Turkish Bean Salad (Fasulye Piyaz)

  * ### Laotian Chicken Larb

  * ### Thai Beef Salad (Yum Nua)

  * ### Peach & Burrata Salad

  * Popular
  * Recent

  * 18 Delicious Marinades from Around The World for Roasting & Grilling

December 21st, 2019

  * Burmese Chicken Curry

November 24th, 2019

  * Punched Potatoes

October 22nd, 2019

  * Laotian Nam Khao (Crispy Rice Salad)

October 9th, 2020

  * Jordanian Lamb Mansaf

October 12th, 2020

  * Malaysian Fish Curry – (Kari Ikan)

October 30th, 2020

  * Malaysian Sambal Sauce

July 24th, 2022

  * Garganelli Pasta with Mushroom Ragù

July 20th, 2022

  * Chicken Pathia Curry

July 14th, 2022

  * Methi Chicken Curry

June 25th, 2022

  * Heirloom Tomato Salad

May 14th, 2022

  * Pampanella Molisana (Paprika Roast Pork from Molise)

May 13th, 2022

### Subscribe for a

### free e-cookbook!

* indicates required

Email Address *

First Name *

#### The tastiest recipes in the Cook Eat World.

About Me | Affiliations | Privacy | Accessibility | Blog | Shop | Kitchen
Conversions | FAQ

©www.cookeatworld.com 2022. All rights reserved. Contact us for any usage or
partnership requests.

Page load link

  *   *   *   *   * 

  *   *   *   *   * 

$item_output .= '' . $description . '';

Go to Top

