https://cookieandkate.com/thai-green-curry-with-spring-vegetables/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * About
  * Cookbook
  * Shop
  * Subscribe
  * Saved

Cookie and Kate

Whole Foods and Vegetarian Recipe Blog

  * All recipes
    * View all
    * Course
      * Appetizers
      * Baked goods
      * Breakfast
      * Cookies
      * Dessert
      * Dips & Sauces
      * Dinner
      * Drinks
      * Salads
      * Sides
      * Snacks
      * Soups
    * Cuisine
      * Asian
      * Indian
      * Italian
      * Mediterranean
      * Mexican
    * Diet
      * Dairy free
      * Egg free
      * Gluten free
      * GF & Dairy free
      * GF & Vegan
      * Nut free
      * Soy free
      * Sugar free
      * Tomato free
      * Vegan
    * Everyday
      * All-time favorites
      * Budget friendly
      * Fast breakfasts
      * Pack for lunch
      * Pantry friendly
      * Weeknight dinners
    * Ingredient
      * View all
      * Avocado
      * Black beans
      * Chickpeas
      * Eggs
      * Kale
      * Oats
      * Pasta
      * Quinoa
      * Sweet potatoes
    * Season
      * Spring
      * Summer
      * Fall
      * Winter
      * Monthly guides
  * Breakfast
  * Salad
  * Soup
  * Dinner
  * Dessert
  * Favorites
  * Search...

Our cookbook, Love Real Food, is here! Get your copy ↣

# Thai Green Curry with Spring Vegetables

521 Comments

Jump to Recipe

I've been on a vegetable-packed coconut curry kick lately—they're just the
perfect transition food for this time of year. _This_ vegetarian Thai green
curry recipe features fresh asparagus, carrots and spinach in a delicious
green coconut sauce. It's full of flavor and simple enough for weeknight
dinners.

I used store-bought Thai curry paste instead of raw ingredients, because some
(like galangal) are difficult to find and time-consuming to prepare. I've
watched a chef prepare curry paste in Thailand, and he really worked up a
sweat! So while this recipe is not perfectly authentic, it's a lot easier to
make.

This curry is based on my old Thai green curry recipe. I loved the base recipe
for that dish (I learned how to make it at a fun cooking class), but I was
never quite satisfied by my choice of mix-ins.

So here we are, three years later, with an improved and extra-green version.
This time, I opted for asparagus (snow peas would also work), carrots and
wilted spinach. I love it, and I think you will, too!

## How to Serve Thai Green Curry

I skipped the tofu altogether and found the dish to be plenty hearty without
it. If you want to add tofu, though, I'd suggest baking it first and adding it
with the coconut milk.

I served my curry over rice (again), but I bet quinoa would be an interesting
alternative.

**Please let me know how you like this recipe in the comments!** If you want
to change it up, don't miss my Thai red curry recipe.

### Watch How to Make Thai Green Curry

Print

## Thai Green Curry with Spring Vegetables

Print

save

  * Author: Cookie and Kate
  * Prep Time: 15 mins
  * Cook Time: 30 mins
  * Total Time: 45 minutes
  * Yield: 2 to 4 servings 1x
  * Category: Entree
  * Method: Stovetop
  * Cuisine: Thai

★★★★★

4.8 from 214 reviews

This healthy, vegetarian Thai green curry features fresh asparagus, carrots
and spinach! It's full of flavor and simple enough for weeknight dinners. Feel
free to substitute sliced snow peas for the asparagus if it's not in season
where you live. Recipe yields two large servings (as shown) or four small
servings.

Scale 1x2x3x

### Ingredients

  * 1 cup brown basmati rice, rinsed
  * 2 teaspoons coconut oil or olive oil
  * 1 small white onion, diced
  * 1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh ginger (about a 1-inch nub of ginger, peeled and chopped)
  * 2 cloves garlic, finely chopped
  * Pinch of salt
  * ½ bunch asparagus, tough ends removed and sliced into 2-inch long pieces (to yield about 2 cups prepared asparagus)
  * 3 carrots, peeled and sliced on the diagonal into ¼-inch wide rounds (to yield about 1 cup sliced carrots)
  * 2 tablespoons Thai green curry paste*
  * 1 can (14 ounces) coconut milk (I used full-fat coconut milk for a richer curry)
  * ½ cup water
  * 1 ½ teaspoons coconut sugar or turbinado (raw) sugar or brown sugar
  * 2 cups packed baby spinach, roughly chopped
  * 1 ½ teaspoons rice vinegar or fresh lime juice
  * 1 ½ teaspoons soy sauce** (I used reduced-sodium tamari)
  * Garnishes: handful of chopped fresh cilantro and red pepper flakes, to taste

### Instructions

  1. To cook the rice, bring a large pot of water to boil. Add the rinsed rice and continue boiling for 30 minutes, reducing heat as necessary to prevent overflow. Remove from heat, drain the rice and return the rice to pot. Cover and let the rice rest for 10 minutes or longer, until you're ready to serve.
  2. Warm a large skillet with deep sides over medium heat. Once it’s hot, add a couple teaspoons of oil. Cook the onion, ginger and garlic with a sprinkle of salt for about 5 minutes, stirring often. Add the asparagus and carrots and cook for 3 more minutes, stirring occasionally. Then add the curry paste and cook, stirring often, for 2 minutes.
  3. Pour the coconut milk into the pan, along with ½ cup water and 1 ½ teaspoons sugar. Bring the mixture to a simmer. Reduce heat as necessary to maintain a gentle simmer and cook until the carrots and asparagus are tender and cooked through, about 5 to 10 minutes.
  4. Once the vegetables are done cooking, stir the spinach into the mixture and cook until the spinach has wilted, about 30 seconds. Remove the curry from heat and season with rice vinegar and soy sauce. Add salt and red pepper flakes (optional), to taste. Divide rice and curry into bowls and garnish with chopped cilantro and a sprinkle of red pepper flakes, if you'd like.

### Notes

_Recipe adapted from myother Thai green curry recipe. _  
***Green curry paste:** Look for it in the Asian section of the grocery store.
I like Thai Kitchen brand. Not all Thai curry pastes are vegetarian, but this
one is.  
****Make it gluten free:** Be sure to use gluten-free tamari instead of
regular soy sauce.  
**If you love this recipe:** Be sure to check out my other Thai-inspired
recipes here!

### ▸ Nutrition Information

The information shown is an estimate provided by an online nutrition
calculator. It should not be considered a substitute for a professional
nutritionist's advice. See our full nutrition disclosure here.

Did you make this recipe?

Please let me know how it turned out for you! Leave a comment below and share
a picture on Instagram with the hashtag #cookieandkate.

Share This Post

p

Pin

f

Share

t

Tweet

e

Email

▸ Categories Asian, dairy free, easy weeknight dinners, egg free, favorites,
gluten free, main dishes, nut free, pack for lunch, recipes, soups and stews,
spring, Thai, tomato free, vegan ▸ Ingredients asparagus, brown rice, carrots,
coconut milk, curry, spinach

↢ newer

Green Goddess Hummus

older ↣

15 Healthy Green Recipes for Spring

### By Kathryne Taylor

Vegetable enthusiast. Dog lover. I'm probably making a big mess in my Kansas
City kitchen right now.  
More about Cookie and Kate »

**_Follow us!_** Instagram ⋄ Pinterest ⋄ Facebook

### Never miss a new recipe

Subscribe to our email newsletter! As a thank you, we'll give you our welcome
guide with 5 printable dinner recipes. (It's all free.)

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

### Leave a comment below: Cancel reply

Your comments make my day. Thank you! If you have a question, please skim the
comments section—you might find an immediate answer there. If you made the
recipe, please choose a star rating, too.

Comment *

Recipe rating _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_



Name *

Email *

Email me when Kate or another C+K reader replies directly to my comment. (You
will not be subscribed to our email newsletter.)

Δ

  1. Carol Ann

March 6, 2022

Hello. Could I make this with red thai curry paste?

Reply

    * Kate

March 9, 2022

Hi Carol, I recommend my Thai Red Curry with Vegetables.

Reply

    * Laura

March 16, 2022

Pure deliciousness! It’s a keeper.

★★★★★

Reply

  2. Anita Howard

March 6, 2022

what protein would you add to dish?

Reply

    * Kate

March 9, 2022

How to Make Crispy Baked Tofu would be a good addition!

Reply

  3. Madeline

March 6, 2022

So many good recipes.  
How do I access saved recipes?  
Can't find the link.  
Please help.

Reply

    * Kate

March 15, 2022

Hi Madeline, Have you made an account with Relish yet? That's how you save
recipes. New Recipe Saving & Grocery Shopping Features

Reply

      * Madeline

March 15, 2022

Thanks Kate,  
Found the saved link at the top.  
Had to save both you red & green currry recipes.  
Love Thai food.

Reply

  4. Catherine

March 9, 2022

Delicious! Doubled the broth ingredients and the spinach, added baby corn, pea
pods and pink Australian shrimp. No rice. After tasting, also added a giant
dollop of sambal oelek. This was creamy, nuanced and so satisfying. Thank you
SO MUCH for posting this great recipe!

★★★★★

Reply

    * Kate

March 15, 2022

Thank you for sharing your combination of vegetables, Catherine! I appreciate
your review.

Reply

  5. Catherine

March 9, 2022

Delicious! Doubled the broth ingredients and the spinach, added baby corn, pea
pods and pink Australian shrimp to go with the asparagus, onions and carrots.
No rice. After tasting, also added a giant dollop of sambal oelek. This was
creamy, nuanced and so satisfying. Thank you SO MUCH for posting this great
recipe!

★★★★★

Reply

  6. Elisha

March 17, 2022

Lovely recipe! Made it, plus baked salmon to serve together and it was a great
combination.

★★★★★

Reply

    * Kate

March 22, 2022

Thank you for your review, Elisha!

Reply

  7. Cara

March 20, 2022

This was so tasty, and so easy! Instead of rice, I made it over rice noodles,
and it was a delightful firs-day-of-spring meal :) Thank you!

★★★★★

Reply

    * Kate

March 24, 2022

You're welcome, Cara! I'm happy to hear you enjoyed it.

Reply

  8. Craig

March 24, 2022

This was my first time making a Thai curry and it was delicious and easy. It
tasted like a restaurant! My curry paste was rather spicy to begin with so I
may have to try Thai Kitchen brand next time. I added mushrooms and tofu and
extra water (I used 1 cup but would do 3/4 cup next time).

★★★★★

Reply

    * Kate

March 30, 2022

Hooray! I'm glad you loved it, Craig.

Reply

  9. Diane

March 28, 2022

Outstanding and easy recipe. I subbed snow peas for the asparagus since we
just had asparagus the night before. We love our food spicy, so instead of red
pepper flakes for garnish, I added 3 sliced Thai chiles (from your
“old”recipe) in with the curry paste. Our mouths were tingling happily!

★★★★★

Reply

    * Kate

March 31, 2022

Thank you for sharing, Diane! I appreciate your review.

Reply

  10. Andrew

April 9, 2022

AH-MA-ZING! Made as directed, along with the crispy baked tofu and served over
brown rice. It took serious restraint not to eat the whole thing.

★★★★★

Reply

  11. Victoria

April 18, 2022

I needed a break from beans and soups. I never made brown rice like this. It’s
great! The veggie mix is so perfect , I was not thrilled with the green curry
I used. I usually use some really great curry in little cans from the Asian
market. Here I grabbed Thai kitchen and I much prefer the other it has more
presence .. and we had success on the “i hate asparagus “ boyfriend. This is
keeper on spring dishes rotation. Love it.

★★★★★

Reply

    * Kate

April 26, 2022

Wonderful to hear, Victoria! Thank you for sharing.

Reply

  12. Marc

June 8, 2022

Sorry Kate, in Thai cuisine you need to use Jasmine rice! You not add rice to
boiling water! You wash the rice and put in a pot, add cold water, water must
be the under lid of your finger higher than the rice. You bring to boil.
Depending what heating you use, if electric turn of the heat when the rice
boils about 3 minutes and leave it in the pot for another 15 minutes, stir the
rice and leave it another 5 minutes. If using gas, turn down to keep warm
point and do the same as electric. Anyway, it's handy to use a rice cooker.

Reply

    * Kate

June 16, 2022

Thank you for sharing, Marc! I try to keep the recipe as authentic as I can,
while adding my own interpretation.

Reply

  13. Casey

June 9, 2022

This was the best curry recipe I’ve ever made (second to your red curry
recipe)! I did add red pepper flakes when I added the asparagus and carrots as
we like a fair amount of eat. Thanks for another outstanding veggie-based
recipe.

★★★★★

Reply

    * Kate

June 16, 2022

I'm happy to hear that, Casey! Thank you for your review.

Reply

  14. Rachael

July 6, 2022

At what point do you add chicken and eggplants / other veggies? Trying to
incorporate more protein and vegetables!

Reply

  15. Sarah O

July 23, 2022

Absolutely delicious! I added zucchini in for a little extra green. I will
definitely make it again.

★★★★★

Reply

  16. Barbara

July 27, 2022

So, this was the closest to restaurant-flavor thai red curry I've been able to
achieve. Probably amped up the red curry and other spices, and still was
missing that little something that tastes different in the restaurants (maybe
thai basis, which I didn't have), but this was great recipe. I used green
beans, broccoli, and zucchini, but kept to all the other spice/flavor
recommendations, including the full fat coconut milk. Overall, total success,
and will definitely make this again! Thank you!

★★★★★

Reply

    * Kate

August 4, 2022

Hooray! Thank you for sharing, Barbara. I appreciate you taking the time to
review and share how you made it.

Reply

« Older Comments

## Primary Sidebar

Hello! I cook fresh, vegetarian recipes. My dog, Cookie, catches the crumbs.
About C+K »

Contact ⋄ New Here? ⋄ Shop ⋄ Subscribe

fpityhr

Amazon ⋄ Barnes & Noble ⋄ More »

### Don't miss a new recipe

### POPULAR RECIPES

#### Easy No-Bake Granola Bars

#### Best Stuffed Shells

More favorites »

## Footer

### Stay in Touch

Our free email newsletter delivers new recipes and special Cookie + Kate
updates!

fpiy

About ⋄ Contact ⋄ Cookbook ⋄ Recipes ⋄ Shop ⋄ Subscribe

Cookie and Kate receives commissions on purchases made through our links to
retailers. Affiliate details »

© Cookie and Kate 2010 - 2022. All rights reserved. Cookie and Kate is a
registered trademark of Cookie and Kate LLC.

Accessibility Policy ⋄ Comment Policy ⋄ Nutrition Disclaimer ⋄ Photo/Recipe
Policy ⋄ Privacy Policy

#### Never miss a recipe

Subscribe to our newsletter!  
Always free • Unsubscribe anytime

No, thanks.

{"cookieName":"wBounce","isAggressive":false,"isSitewide":true,"hesitation":"30","openAnimation":false,"exitAnimation":false,"timer":"","sensitivity":"","cookieExpire":"30","cookieDomain":"","autoFire":"","isAnalyticsEnabled":true}

