https://ministryofcurry.com/vegetable-thai-green-curry/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * SHOP
    * Amazon Store
    * Cookbook
    * eBooks
    * Cooking Classes
    * Meal Plans
  * RESOURCES
    * Instant Pot 101
    * Air Fryer 101
    * Indian Cooking Tools
    * Cooking 101
    * Essential Indian Spices
    * Guide to Beans and Lentils
    * Holiday Shopping Guide
  * RECIPES
    * Recipe Index
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Oven Recipes
    * Stove Top Recipes
    * Appetizers
    * Breakfast
    * Lunch
    * Desserts
    * Dinner
    * Salad
    * Snacks
    * Drinks
    * Dairy Free
    * Gluten Free
    * Low Carb
    * Vegan
  * ABOUT
  * ## Nav Social Menu

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * YouTube

  * search...

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

search...

  * Recipes
  * Shop
  * Resources
  * Cooking Classes
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

×

Home » Thai

# Vegetable Thai Green Curry | Instant Pot & Stove Top recipe

Published: Sep 3, 2020 · Modified: May 3, 2021 by Archana · This post may
contain affiliate links · As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying
purchases · 16 Comments

920 shares

  *   *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe

Vegetable Thai Green Curry is a fragrant dish with a delightful balance of
sweet and spicy flavors, packed with the goodness of crisp, colorful
vegetables and creamy coconut milk. This flavor-bursting, gluten-free vegan
meal is super simple to make. The best part is that it is ready in under 20
minutes and makes for a healthy weeknight meal!

Native to Thailand in Far East Asia, this colorful dish rich in vegetables, is
often served with steamed jasmine rice. The distinctive flavors of Veg Thai
Green Curry come from the spicy Thai green curry paste and the fresh Thai
basil leaves. These two key ingredients blend in beautifully with the mildly
sweet coconut milk to produce one of the most epic dishes of all time.

We absolutely love two things - food and travel! My family enjoys Thai food as
it is so similar to warm and comforting Indian food. Especially when we travel
within the US, we lookout for local family-run Thai restaurants. On most
occasions, we chance upon a quaint little Thai restaurant, where the owners
pour their love along with their family secret spices into wondrous food that
they bring to the table, piping hot!

As much as we love eating at Thai restaurants, I often make Thai curries at
home. From the Thai red curry, Instant Pot Thai Massaman curry to the Instant
Pot coconut curry noodle soup, we love the delicious Thai flavors.

I often cook my Thai food with ready-made curry pastes. They have all of the
key ingredients such as galangal (Thai ginger), lemongrass, kaffir lime
leaves, and Thai chilies, making it convenient and easy to bring home the
favorite Thai flavors.

My personal favorite brand of readymade curry paste is the Maesri brand curry
paste. It does not contain fish products, making it good for vegan diets. It
is easily available in the local Asian Grocery stores as well as on Amazon.

I love that small 4 oz can has all the authentic ingredients that otherwise
can be hard to find individually. In addition to lending authentic flavors to
the curry, it also cuts down on the overall cooking time. The other brands
that make good curry pastes are Thai Kitchen and Mae Ploy.

The best part of this recipe is all the different vegetables you can add to
it. Starting from eggplant to zucchini that almost melts into the curry to the
crunchy bites of beans and peppers, this dish has the perfect balance of
flavor and texture.

**Here are my favorite veggies to add to Thai Green Curry**

  * **Eggplant** \- Traditionally small green Thai eggplant is added to this curry although they can be hard to find. So go ahead and use Japanese eggplant, small Italian eggplant, graffiti eggplant, or even Indian baby eggplant. The eggplant simply melts in this curry giving a creamy texture and rich taste
  * Zucchini - Available year-round in most grocery stores, this mild vegetable simply melds in the flavors and is a great way to add more veggies to your diet 
  * Mushrooms - Cremini mushrooms or white button mushrooms, these do not overcook in the Instant Pot and add a meaty satisfying texture to the curry 
  * Snap Peas - These crispy, crunchy beans with tender peas inside them add a sweet flavor, make sure to add them to the hot curry just before serving. You can also add green beans cut into 1-inch pieces or small broccoli florets when snap peas are not in season
  *  **Pepper** \- I like to add an orange pepper to compliment the green color of this curry, but any color pepper can be added as it adds a nice sweet flavor and crunchy texture to the curry 

## **Tips**

Having cooked this curry on the stovetop for years and now in the Instant Pot,
here are my tips for you:

  1. Make sure to sauté the curry paste in hot oil, as it really helps to enhance the flavors of the final dish
  2. Use as many colored vegetables as you can. This will make your curry look really beautiful and appealing
  3. Adding some of the veggies after pressure cooking retains the crunch in those vegetables for a more satisfying bite 
  4. Use fresh Thai basil leaves for added authentic flavor 
  5. Feel free to use diluted coconut cream in place of coconut milk

## Process

Here is the EASY Instant Pot Thai green curry recipe loaded with vegetables
with step-by-step photos. Note: refer to the recipe card for the detailed
Instant Pot and stovetop recipe.

1: Sauté green curry paste and pressure cook the hardy vegetables in coconut
milk (photos 1 - 4).

2: Stir in the crunchy veggies, garnish and enjoy (photos 5 - 8).

## **Serving**

Thai Green curry tastes best when it is served piping hot over a bed of plump
jasmine rice. However, I have also served it with steamed basmati rice or
brown rice and it tastes equally great with those options too.

## **Storing**

Thai curry is best enjoyed fresh but can be easily made ahead and
refrigerated. Simply heat it well before eating and it tastes just as good.
The curry can stay good in the fridge for up to 5 days.

## **Variations**

  * Add baked tofu for added proteins 
  * If you like to add proteins such as chicken or shrimp, sauté the chicken (cut into thin 1-inch strips) or shrimp along with the curry paste 
  * For a more soupy curry add ½ cup of vegetable broth along with the coconut milk 

**Do you enjoy warming curry dishes? You will love these Indian curries that
are on repeat in our kitchen:**

  * Green beans and potato curry \- Vegan curry with creamy potatoes 
  * Mushroom Masala  \- Easy versatile mushroom curry 
  * Dum Aloo \- Curried baby potatoes 
  * Chana Saag \- Creamy chickpeas cooked with spinach 
  * Palak Paneer \- Easy 15 min Instant Pot recipe 

Here is my quick and delicious recipe for Instant Pot Thai Green Curry. I have
also included my stovetop recipe in the notes so you don’t miss out on this
must-try homemade Thai green curry!

Tried this recipe? We love your feedback.Please click on the stars in the
recipe card below

Print Recipe Pin Recipe Save Saved!

4.92 from 25 votes

## Thai Green Curry with Vegetables

Prep Time10 mins

Cook Time15 mins

Total Time25 mins

Course: dinner, Entree, Lunch

Cuisine: Thai

Servings: 4

Calories: 360kcal

Author: Archana Mundhe

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 1 tablespoon oil
  * ▢ 2 to 4 tablespoons Thai green curry paste
  * ▢ 1 can coconut milk
  * ▢ 1 large yellow onion sliced
  * ▢ 1 medium zucchini cut half lengthwise and cut into ½ inch slices, about 1.5 cups
  * ▢ 8 oz cremini mushrooms quartered, about 1.5 cups
  * ▢ 1½ cups thai eggplant cut into 1.5 inch cubes, graffiti or japanese eggplant
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon salt
  * ▢ 1 cup snap peas
  * ▢ 1 small orange pepper 1 cup cut into 2 inch long slices
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon brown sugar
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon soy sauce or tamari
  * ▢ ½ fresh lime juiced
  * ▢ ¼ cup cilantro
  * ▢ ¼ cup thai basil

### Instructions

  * Set the Instant Pot to saute mode and heat oil. Add green curry paste and saute for 30 seconds or until fragrant. Stir in coconut milk. Add onion, zucchini, mushrooms, eggplant and salt. Stir well. 

  * Close the Instant Pot lid with the pressure valve to sealing and adjust the pressure cook time to 1 minute on low pressure. If you do not have the low pressure option, you can set the time to zero minutes.

  * Allow 5 minutes of natural pressure release and then release the remaining pressure manually. Stir in the snap peas and pepper. Add brown sugar, soy sauce and lime juice. Mix well and taste for the spice & salt. Add more curry paste and salt if needed.

  * Cook on sauté mode until the curry comes to a gentle boil. Press cancel, garnish with cilantro & basil. Allow to cook for 5 mins before serving as the curry thickens a bit. Serve with steamed jasmine rice.

### Video

### Notes

 **Tips:**

  * Add baked tofu for added proteins 
  * If you like to add proteins such as chicken or shrimp, sauté the chicken (cut into thin 1-inch strips) or shrimp along with the curry paste
  * For a more soupy curry add ½ cup of vegetable broth along with the coconut milk

**Stove Top Recipe:**

1\. Heat oil in a large skillet or wok. Add green curry paste and saute for 30
seconds or until fragrant. Stir in coconut milk and ½ cup of water. Add onion,
zucchini, mushrooms, eggplant, and salt. Stir well.

2\. Cook covered on medium heat for 10 minutes or until all the veggies are
cooked soft.

3\. Stir in the snap peas and pepper. Add brown sugar, soy sauce, and lime
juice. Mix well and taste for the spice & salt. Add more curry paste and salt
if needed. Cook uncovered on medium heat until the curry comes to a gentle
boil. Garnish with cilantro & basil. Serve with steamed rice.

### Nutrition

Calories: 360kcal | Carbohydrates: 26g | Protein: 7g | Fat: 28g | Saturated
Fat: 22g | Sodium: 862mg | Potassium: 1010mg | Fiber: 8g | Sugar: 16g |
Vitamin A: 2644IU | Vitamin C: 72mg | Calcium: 75mg | Iron: 3mg

Tried this recipe?Share your photo and tag @ministry_of_curry or tag
#ministryofcurry

#### Author: Archana

Hey there! I am a techie turned recipe developer, cooking instructor, and food
blogger. I love food and enjoy developing easy and healthy recipes for busy
lifestyles. I live in New Jersey with my husband and two sons.

__Twitter __Facebook __Linkedin

« Sprouted Mung Bean Salad

Instant Pot Jasmine Rice »

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

  1. Bill says

September 15, 2020 at 8:48 am

easy, fast and delicious. I added tofu which is a new ingredient for me.
Plenty spicy for me.

Reply

  2. Monica Francisco says

September 15, 2020 at 10:36 pm

Excellent recipe!! Easy, quick and delicious!

Reply

  3. Bijal shah says

September 22, 2020 at 8:56 pm

I made it today.. was so good.

Reply

  4. Madhavi Tadi says

September 23, 2020 at 8:37 pm

what brand Thai curry paste do you recommend? There are many different one's
available on amazon and whole foods.

Reply

    * Archana says

September 23, 2020 at 9:55 pm

Maesri brand! I have linked it in the recipe 🙂

Reply

  5. Su says

September 26, 2020 at 8:20 pm

Followed the instruction , result was perfect. ❤️

Reply

  6. Sarah says

October 08, 2020 at 11:17 am

YUM! I will make this this weekend.

Reply

  7. michelle says

November 02, 2020 at 3:14 pm

Delicious. Added tofu

Reply

  8. Dee says

November 24, 2020 at 2:29 pm

Can I use frozen stir fry Veggies?

Reply

    * Archana says

November 24, 2020 at 11:15 pm

Yes you can! just dab any excess moisture on the veggies with paper towels

Reply

  9. Amanda Pothen says

January 12, 2021 at 9:13 pm

Quick, easy, and delicious. Thank you.

Reply

  10. Anu says

February 06, 2021 at 10:44 pm

I made this today. Turned out great, its going to be on rotation.  
I substituted jaggery for brown sugar and the reduced the quantity. Also, I
used Chaokoh coconut milk which appeared to be thicker than other brands like
365 and Taste of Thai, so I diluted it a bit.

Reply

  11. Sandy says

February 07, 2021 at 3:20 pm

Made this tonight and it was excellent! I used diced potatoes, zucchini and
yellow bell pepper (I actually oven roasted the zucchini & bell pepper and
threw them in at the end simply because I like the texture much better) but
followed everything else and did it on stove top. Thanks for the great
recipe!!

Reply

  12. Sandy says

February 07, 2021 at 3:21 pm

Forgot to rate it! 5 stars of course!

Reply

  13. Divya Halarnekar says

March 03, 2021 at 7:55 pm

Tried this recipe for weekday lunch and it turned out delicious.I used
broccoli,mushrooms,carrots,orange and yellow bell peppers and shrimp.This is a
healthy and wholesome meal prepared in under 30 minutes.

Reply

  14. Elvira says

March 07, 2021 at 1:49 pm

I got this website from my buddy who shared with me concerning this web page  
and now this time I am visiting this web site and reading very informative
content  
at this time.

Reply

## Primary Sidebar

Hi, I'm Archana: a former software engineer, now a full-time blogger. I am a
mother of two boys who share my love for food and cooking. Words I love to
hear are, “Mom, what’s for dinner?” The same words I say to my mom every time
we speak. I live in the greater New York City Area with my husband and sons.

**Learn More About Me!**

**SHOP**

### Popular Posts

  * Mumbai Pav Bhaji

  * Instant Pot Chicken Biryani

  * Mushroom Masala

  * Homemade Pomegranate Juice

## Footer

## AS FEATURED IN

## **↑Back to Top**

## **Ministry of Curry**

Shop  
About  
Privacy Policy  
Accessibility  
Contact

## **Food and Recipes**

Recipe Index  
Cooking 101  
Instant Pot 101  
Cookbook

## **MOC Pro**

Dashboard  
Meal Plans  
Virtual Cooking Classes  
Tips & Tricks

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2021 **Ministry of Curry**

920 shares

  * 362
  * 558
  *   *   * 

