https://www.cult.fit/live/recipe/thai-green-veg-curry/RECIPE339


##### FITNESS

##### CARE

##### MIND

##### STORE

GET APP

  1. Home >
  2. Live >
  3. Recipe >
  4. Thai Green Veg Curry

# Thai Green Veg Curry

Time40 Min

DifficultyDifficult

Serves1

Thai food is becoming popular in India, and none is more popular than Thai
green curry. Thai food is an amazing combination of spices and aroma and
leaves you feeling satisfied at the end of your meal. Most authentic Thai food
is made using fish oil or shrimp oil, so it can sometimes be off-putting for
vegetarians to try making an authentic Thai recipe. However, this can be
easily remedied by subs ... tituting fish or shrimp oil with soy sauce. When
you cook Thai Food at home, it is easy to make sure that you are not getting
any of the ingredients that you would prefer not to eat. So, if you have been
yearning to try out some Thai Green Curry, but have been hesitating to try it
out in restaurants, we have the perfect Thai Green Veg Curry recipe to put
your mind at ease. Learn how to make prepare Thai green veg curry at home and
your family will keep requesting it for your family meals. The Thai Green Veg
Curry ingredients are easy to find in any grocery store. If you follow the
Thai Green Veg Curry recipe, you will be able to make a stunning dish to
impress even your friends and extended family when you host a get together at
your house. Everyone loves a good green curry, and with our recipe, you can
make Thai Green Veg Curry restaurant-style from your own home kitchen.

READ MORE

Nutrition Info. (per serving)

ProteinFatCarbsFibre237 Cal237 Cal237 Cal237 Cal

  * 8gProtein

  * 15gFat

  * 17gCarbs

  * 7gFibre

## Ingredients

### Dry Grocery

Refined Oil

0.5 teaspoons

### Fruits & Vegetables

Basil

8 leafs

Pea Brinjal

1 piece

Kafir Lime Leaf

4 leafs

Broccoli

1 piece

Zucchini Yellow

0.25 unit

Zucchini Green

0.25 unit

Carrot-regular

0.25 unit

Haricot Bean

2 units

Baby Corn Peeled

5 small pieces

Capsicum Red-regular

0.25 unit

### Other

Coconut Milk

0.5 glasss

Green Thai Curry Paste

1 tablespoon

Green Chillies

1 unit

Button Mushrooms

2 units

Directions

1

Heat Oil in a pan and add Coconut Milk.

2

Add Thai Green Curry Paste and bring to a boil. (The paste is available off-
the-shelf)

3

Bring to a boil and simmer.

4

Add Lime Leaves, Broccoli, Yellow Zucchini, Green Zucchini, Pea Aubergines,
Basil Leaves, Chillis, Beans, Carrots, Red Bell Pepper, Baby Corn and
Mushrooms. Mix well.

5

Check seasoning. Garnish with Basil Leaves.

Health Benefits of Thai Green Veg Curry

Here are some Thai Green Veg Curry benefits: • This green curry is filled with
great ingredients, and with the combination, will help in relieving a host of
physical ailments. It will be able to help you maintain good health even if
you do not have any problems. Not only is it delicious, but it is also
extremely nutritious. • Pea brinjals are said to be rich sources of many
nutrients, including calcium and iron. Those who suffer from anything from
stomach problems to diabetes are said to experience an improvement in their
symptoms when this little miracle working vegetable is involved. • Zucchini is
another amazing ingredient that is said to help in preventing and fighting
cancer. Not only that but consuming it is also said to help your heart health
and our physical appearances like skin and hair. You don’t need to fear to
experiment with this recipe. We have a great Thai Green Veg Curry video that
with step by step instructions.

READ MORE

## Success!

#### We hope you had fun making it! Enjoy the meal.

Top Searches

Online Fitness Classes

Weight Loss Exercise | Six Pack Abs | Cardio Exercise at Home | HIIT Workout
at Home | Belly Fat Exercises | Exercise For Kids at Home | Morning Exercises
at Home | Shoulder Workout at Home | Strength Training Exercises | Mobility
Exercises | Dance Exercises | Thigh Exercises at Home | Abs Workout at Home |
Back Exercises at Home | Chest Workout at Home | Butt Exercises at Home |
Split Exercise | Lean Body Workout | Short Workout | Exercise for Beginners |
Dumbbell Exercises | Stamina Increase Exercise

Mindfulness

Yoga Asanas | Yoga For Weight Loss | Kids Yoga | Surya Namaskar | OnlineYoga
Classes | Yoga For Beginners | Yoga Nidra | Music Meditation | Pranayam |
Bedtime Stories | Bedtime Stories For Kids | Mindfulness Meditation |
Meditation in Hindi | Sleep Meditation

Diagnostic Tests

Thyroid Test | Pregnancy Test | Full Body Checkup | Kidney Function Test |
Lipid Profile Test | Online Counselling

Healthy Recipes

Sambar Recipe | Masala For Dosa | Kadai Paneer Recipe | Neer Dosa | Manchow
Soup | Chicken Soup | Chilli Baby Corn | Homemade Protein Powder | Thukpa |
Paneer Masala | Chicken Keema | Badam Milk | Aloo Tikki Chaat | Moong Dal
Kachori | Homemade Protein Powder

Cult Gyms In India

Gyms In Delhi | Gyms In Mumbai | Gyms In Bangalore | Gyms In Pune | Gyms In
Chennai | Gyms In Hyderabad | Gyms In Jaipur | Gyms In Kolkata | Gyms In
Ahmedabad | Gyms In Chandigarh | Gyms In Indore | Gyms In Coimbatore | Gyms In
Surat | Gyms In Ludhiana | Gyms In Vizag | Gyms In Amritsar | Gyms In Mysore |
Gyms In Mangalore | Gyms In Kochi | Gyms In Jammu | Gym In Kharghar | Gym In
Bandra | Gym In Velachery | Gym In Chembur | Gym In Indiranagar | Gym In HSR
Layout | Swimming Pools Near Me | Outdoor Gyms | Football Training near me |
Zumba Classes Near Me | Boxing Classes Near Me | Gyms with Personal Trainer

Yoga Classes In India

Yoga Classes in Mumbai | Yoga Classes in Hyderabad | Yoga Classes in Delhi |
Yoga Classes in Chennai | Yoga Classes in Jaipur

At cult.fit, we make group workouts fun, daily food healthy & tasty, mental
fitness easy with yoga & meditation, Medical & lifestyle care hassle-
free.#BeBetterEveryDay

cult.fit for business

cult.fit franchise

corporate partnerships

cult pass network

t&c for business

partner.fit

blogs

security

careers

contact us

privacy policy

cult bmi calculator

terms & conditions

Related Searches

Chicken Manchow Soup

Miso Soup

Tom Yum Chicken Soup

Tom Yum Soup

Veg Manchow Soup

Borscht

Bone Broth

Creamy Cauliflower Soup

Spinach Soup

Pumpkin Soup

Beetroot Soup

Mexican Bean Soup

Korean Noodle Soup

Barley Vegetable Soup

Cambodian Veg Bento

Malaysian Veg Curry

Vietnamese Yellow Chicken Curry

Jamaican Bean Curry

Jamaican Chicken And Bean Curry

Thai Green Chicken Curry

Thai Green Veg Curry

Tofu Peanut Curry & Wok-Tossed Millet Bowl

Sri Lankan Tofu Curry Meal

Chicken Soup & Corn Bread

Turkish Lentil Soup & Corn Bread

Moringa Dal

Chicken Soup

Kadala Curry

Sambar

Punjabi Daal Tadka

Egg Curry

Andhra Veg Curry

Mangodi Daal Tadka

Mangolorean Chicken Curry

Turkish Lentil Soup

Bengali Chicken Curry

Mixed Vegetable Curry

Pressure Cooker Chicken Curry

Ghar Ki Daal

Tadka E Lobia

Panchmel Dal

Lauki Chana Dal

Sabut Masoor Dal

Mix Dal Tadka

Moong Toor Dal

Paneer Masala

Methi Dal Tadka

Amritsari Dal

Parsi Chicken Curry

Recipe

Dhokla

Shahi Paneer

Paneer Tikka Masala

Chicken Nuggets

Chilli Paneer

Baingan Bharta

Gobi Manchurian

Kadai Paneer

Malai Kofta

Khandvi

Gyms Near Me

Mindfulness

Exercise

Diagnostic Test

Online Yoga Classes

Surya Namaskar

Home Workouts

