https://reetikamitra.com/mainstays/vegetables-in-thai-green-curry/


  * Home
  * About Me
  * Contact Me

Fooding Around

  * Home
  * Soupy Scoops
  * Startup Ideas
  * Mainstays
  * Sweet Nothings
  * About Me
  * Contact Me

Mainstays

# Vegetables in Thai Green Curry

February 5, 2022

This is a popular Asian dish for meals during the week or on the weekend. This
recipe normally has fish sauce and shrimp paste as an ingredient but I have
made it a purely vegetarian dish without any of these. I would advise making
the green curry paste at home rather than buying it off the shelf in the
store. This allows you to adapt the green curry to your taste. Some like it
mild while others like me would prefer a greener and spicier version. Ideally
if you prepare the paste in advance and have it ready for cooking the dish
itself does not take too long to prepare. If you are preparing the paste at
home make sure to use fresh ingredients such as the coriander, basil,
lemongrass, chilly etc. You have a wide choice of vegetables. I have used
zucchini, bell pepper, baby corn, eggplant and paneer (Indian cottage cheese)
as an alternate to the tofu. I have in the recipe provided alternatives for
most of the ingredients. This a good way to make the kids have some veggies
without complaining too much about the taste. If you like your green curry to
be non-vegetarian all you need to do is to replace the paneer (or tofu) with
meat of your choice. The Thai green curry is usually served with steamed rice
either plain or jasmine. Happy Fooding Around.

Print

## Vegetables in Thai Green Curry

  * Author: Reetika Mitra
  * Prep Time: 20 mins
  * Cook Time: 20 mins
  * Total Time: 40 mins

Print

Pin

* * *

### Description

Asian Veggie Delight

* * *

Scale 1x2x3x

### Ingredients

Ingredients for the Green Curry Paste :

  * 3 shallots (or 1 Onion, chopped)
  * 1-2 Thai Red Chilli, chopped
  * 1-2 Green Chillies, chopped
  * 1 inch Galangal, roughly chopped (you can use Ginger instead, though not quite the same)
  * 2 Tsp Coriander Seeds
  * 1 Tsp Cumin Seeds
  * Â½ cup Coriander leaves
  * 3 Sprig Basil leaves
  * A handful of fresh Coriander Roots, roughly chopped
  * Â½ Tbsp Soya Sauce
  * 3 Stalk of Lemongrass, roughly chopped (Use only the lower stalk after discarding the outer layer)
  * Â½ Tsp whole Black Peppercorns
  * Â¼ Tsp Lemon zest

Ingredients for the Thai Green Curry :

  * 1 \+ 2 Tbsp of Oil (you may use sesame, coconut oil or any other vegetable oil)
  * 1 Â½ cups thick coconut milk (I used store bought)
  * 2 cups of mixed Vegetables of your choice cut or diced into 1 inch ( French beans, eggplant, zucchini, baby corn, bell pepper, cauliflower, broccoli, mushrooms)
  * 300 gms Tofu or Paneer (Indian cottage cheese), cut into 1 inch cubes
  * 1 Tbsp Brown Sugar
  * 2 cups of Vegetable Stock or Water
  * 6 - 7 Kaffir Lime leaves (you can use regular lemon leaves if you canât get hold of Kaffir Lime leaves)

* * *

### Instructions

  1. To Make the Thai Green Curry Paste, take all the ingredients for the Thai Green Curry in a grinder jar and grind them together to a coarse paste. Try not to use any water. You may add a few spoonful of the coconut milk to grind the mix to a smooth paste.
  2. Boil 2 cups of water in a saucepan. Switch off flame and add the diced paneer and set aside.
  3. In a heavy bottom pan or wok, heat 1 Tbsp oil over medium heat. Add in all the vegetables that has been cut or diced into 1 inch. Saute the vegetables for a 1 -2 minutes. You may add a pinch of salt to them as well.
  4. Take off the vegetables once they start turning a little brown in the edges. Keep them aside but ready to be used.
  5. Drain the water from paneer and keep them ready to be used.
  6. In the same pan or wok add 2 tbsp more of oil over medium -low heat. Add 3 Tbsp of the prepared Green Curry paste and saute for 1 minute before pouring in the vegetable stock or water. Mix and combine well together. Allow to come to a boil.
  7. Next add 1 tbsp brown sugar, 1 Â½ cups thick coconut milk, salt to taste. Cook for another 2 -3 mins till the curry starts thickening.
  8. Now add all the sauteed vegetables and the paneer (or tofu) to the gravy.
  9. Stir to mix all the ingredients together and lightly boil for another 2 -3 minutes or until the curry has acquired a light thick consistency. Lastly add the handful of kaffir lime leaves. You may tear them into halves before adding in infuse extra flavour to the curry. Give a good mix and remove from the flame.
  10. Serve the Green Curry along with steamed rice. Jasmine Rice is the best to enjoy in the true Thai wayâ¦!!!

* * *

* * *

### Nutrition

  * **Serving Size:** 4

### Did you make this recipe?

Tag @mitrareetika on Instagram and hashtag it #RitzKitchen

Categories:

  * Mainstays

Tags:#asiangreencurry#asiangreencurrypaste#asiangreencurrywithvegetables#thaicurry#thaigreencurry#thaigreencurrypaste#thaigreencurrywithvegetables#vegetariangreencurry

18 Views 0 Comments 2 Likes

Share

### You May Also Like

0 Favorite

##### Mutton Kosha (Bengali Style Mutton Curry)

0 Comments

1 Favorite

##### Noodles in Hot Chilli Oil

0 Comments

0 Favorite

##### Sandwich Cake

0 Comments

0 Favorite

##### Kadhai Paneer

0 Comments

### Leave a Reply

###  Cancel reply

Rate this recipe _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_

Your Message

NAME

EMAIL

WEBSITE

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

By using this form you agree with the storage and handling of your data by
this website. *

##### Meet Reetika

I love experimenting with new recipes whether it is the Vietnamese Banh Xeo or
the Greek Avgolemono soup. I have found it challenging and fulfilling at the
same time, to make some of these exotic international cuisines adapted to the
Indian palate without losing their essence.

##### Social Media

##### Recent Posts

###### Mutton Kosha (Bengali Style Mutton Curry)

0 Comments

###### Stuffed Red Chilli Pickle

0 Comments

##### Most Popular

  * POPULAR
  * COMMENTED
  * LIKED

###### Quick and Easy Stir Fry Boiled Eggs

1210 Views

###### Shakshouka â A One Pot Meal

871 Views

###### Prawn Curry with Lemon Leaves

855 Views

###### Peri Peri Fish

2 Comments

###### Watermelon Salad with Feta and Basil

2 Comments

###### Vegetable Clear Soup with Fried Garlic

1 Comments

###### Vietnamese Fresh Spring Rolls

5 Likes

###### Chana Chaat Salad

4 Likes

###### Shakshouka â A One Pot Meal

4 Likes

##### Stay Updated!

Sign up today and receive an email once I publish new recipes and giveaways.

We hate spam & respect to Email Privacy I agree that my submitted data is
being collected and stored.

Leave this field empty if you're human:

##### @mitrareetika #RitzKitchen

Fooding Around

  * Home
  * About Me
  * Contact Me

Reetika Mitra Â© 2022. All rights reserved. Terms of use and Privacy Policy

Stay Updated  Would you like to receive notifications when I post new recipes?
No Yes

  *[*]: You need to accept this checkbox

