https://pinchofyum.com/green-curry


icon-arrowicon-chevron-whiteicon-chevronicon-commenticon-facebookicon-
hearticon-instagramicon-instant-poticon-listicon-lockicon-meal-prepicon-
nexticon-pinteresticon-popularicon-quoteicon-searchicon-sugar-freeicon-
twittericon-veganicon-videomenu-closemenu-open

Our recipes, your inbox. Sign up

Pinch of Yum logo

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipes
  * Start Here
  * 

Pinch of Yum Recipes Dinner 5-Ingredient Green Curry

# 5-Ingredient Green Curry

80 reviews / 4.6 average

Packed with tons of veggies, an easy green curry sauce, and finished with
golden raisins and cilantro.

Jump to Recipe

Alert alert! BIG flavors ahead with fresh broccoli, sweet potatoes, and tofu
swimming in a warm, cozy coconut Thai-inspired sauce.

this recipe

##### Featured comment

This was so easy to make and a big hit in our family. I made it with chicken
and will be making it again.  
I added the lime juice and the fish sauce

  
  
  
  
  

Mary Watson

comment icon 222 more comments

Let's talk about how awesome it is to eat vegetables that taste like cash
money.

I mean, not literally, just in the way of, like, you know, when it tastes
like, really good, like something that might cost you a lot of cash money, or
has the same positive association of money, not that money is everything but,
like… gah. You know what I mean.

Have you started school again? Or your kids? O your kids' kids? Or you're the
teacher? Or you work from home and you're looking out the window to borrow
some back-to-school vibes from the kiddos in backpacks walking to the bus?
Back-to-school is upon us all. See also: OH. MY. GOSH.

It sounds so basic to say that I can't believe that it's already that time of
year - probably because it _IS_ so basic. It's what I say every season, every
year. But with the upheaval and constant grief of this last year, time just
feels especially weird. Like it's been both too slow and too fast all at once.
But as usual, time ticks on, and that is, I guess, is how you find yourself
staring down the completed ravaged back-to-school section at Target wondering
why the pencils are already out because didn't summer just start? Here we go
again.

I'm making it sound like this is a bad thing, but I actually adore everything
about the fall season. As a former teacher, I think I will always have a
little bit of that super zealous back-to-school spirit running through my
veins. At top of my list of things I love about fall is really, really good
food. Like, comforting, cozy, wrapped in a sweater kind of good food. Think
ancho turkey chili and cornbread after the first week of school. Carnitas and
magic green sauce on game day. Detox lentil soup and no-knead bread for your
first official on-time dinner in months.

And think curry.

Green curry. Green curry with some weirdo stuff in it (tofu? golden raisins?
sweet potatoes?) that is going to make you feel like you won both the
nutritional and yumo-food olympics.

## In This Post: Everything You Need For 5 Ingredient Green Curry

  * Watch How to Make Green Curry
  * Ingredients for Green Curry
  * Let's Make Green Curry
  * Picking Out Green Curry Paste
  * Variations on This Green Curry Dish
  * Green Curry: Frequently Asked Questions

## Prefer To Watch Instead Of Read?

## Ingredients For This Green Curry Recipe

At its core, this is just a playful, easy five-ingredient recipe:

  * Tofu, browned to crispiness - no more, no less
  * Sweet potato chunks
  * Broccoli florets
  * Coconut milk
  * Green curry paste

I added a handful of golden raisins (go on and get wild) and cilantro (WHEN IN
DOUBT OBVI) and did not regret either of those very out-of-the-box decisions.

May I also recommend finishing it up salt bae style with a hit of 1) fish
sauce, which will make you question everything you ever knew, and 2) brown
sugar? Tell me about it, girl.

## Let's Make Green Curry

Just a few steps separate you and this green goddess bowl of coziness.

  1. **Tofu:** Press all of the water out of those lil' soy cubes really well and crisp it up in a large skillet over medium heat. 
  2. **Veggies:** Add your sweet potatoes, coconut milk, and curry paste to a large pot. Give it a stir, then let your sweet potatoes simmer and swim around in the coconutty broth for a bit. Toss your broccoli and tofu into the pot and simmer for a bit more until the broccoli turns bright green. 
  3. **Toppings:** Maybe a quick toss of golden raisins, some cilantro sprinkles, a teaspoon or two of brown sugar, or a swish of fish sauce perhaps? Maybe all of those things? Yummo! Let's dive in! 

## Picking Out a Really Good Green Curry Paste

I thought about making my own green curry paste, but friends, in my googling,
I read that many Thai cooks think it's better to just buy the commercial
jarred curry paste than to make your own if you're going to be making
substitutions. Hello. Hi. Good news! Savin' me some work. And hopefully makes
it taste more authentic, according to the internet. I can do that. I can buy
up a jar of green curry paste and cook up some curry magic with it.

Words about store bought green curry paste: I used Thai Kitchen green curry
paste and found it to be might tasty in this curry. To be fair, I wouldn't
describe the paste itself as write-home level good, but it works for making a
green curry real nice and quick with a single, list-less trip to a single,
basic grocery store. This is an automatic win. However. Upon further research,
I found that many people recommend Mae Ploy brand green curry paste. Any users
who can confirm? Leave a comment, you neighborhood curry paste experts.

So for the making of the first 5+ batches of green curry in my life, I used
Thai Kitchen green curry paste. But I have, in the last two days, ordered my
first little container of Mae Ploy green curry paste - thank you Amazon! - and
I will soon get to the bottom of this.

Is Mae Ploy really so much better? Will my green curry go up five hundred
percent in deliciousness? Time will tell. (I'll pop back with an update.)

## Variations On This Green Curry Dish

One of the best things about this recipe is how easy it is to make it your
own. May we suggest…

  * A grating of fresh lemongrass, a squeeze of lemongrass paste, or a bit of ginger for a bit of brightness would be amazing
  * A protein swap for the tofu and chicken thighs, chicken breasts, or shrimp for a switch-up
  * Adding in bell peppers, garlic, onions, zucchini, or mushrooms for a different variety of veggies
  * Tearing up some Thai basil to sprinkle on top

So here we have it: the first, back-to-school, easy and comfy-cozy recipe of
fall.

If steamy jasmine rice + creamy green curry + a deep, huggable bowl = fall, I
swear I am so ready.

_**Update 1:**  As promised, I tried **Mae Ploy brand green curry paste** and
really enjoyed it. However, it is MUCH, much spicier than the one I used in
this recipe (Thai Kitchen). If you use Mae Ploy, I would suggest using more
like 1-2 tablespoons to start and adding up based on what level of heat you're
comfortable with._

_**Update 2:  **I've gotten a few comments from people who are wanting to use
less coconut milk. That's totally fine! You could use just one can of coconut
milk, for example, and thin the rest out with water or broth of some sort. It
is just the difference between a thick and creamy curry (how I like it) or
more of a brothy, soupy curry. To be honest, green curry that I've had at
restaurants is usually soupy, but in making this recipe, I kinda wanted it to
stay rich and creamy like a Panang or Massaman curry._

## Green Curry: Frequently Asked Questions

**Can I swap out the tofu for a different protein?**

Absolutely! Chicken or shrimp would be delicious.

**Is curry paste vegan?**

Some curry pastes contain fish sauce or other ingredients that don't make it
fully vegan, so just read the ingredient label.

**How can I make my curry extra thick and creamy?**

Sometimes I make this with two cans of coconut milk, maybe thinned out with
some water, and sometimes with three when I want it thick and creamy. It just
depends on how much extra "sauce" I want with it and what texture you want the
sauce to be.

Print

clock clock iconcutlery cutlery iconflag flag iconfolder folder iconinstagram
instagram iconpinterest pinterest iconfacebook facebook iconprint print
iconsquares squares iconheart heart iconheart solid heart solid icon

## 5-Ingredient Green Curry

* * *

4.6 from 80 reviews

  * Author: Lindsay
  * Total Time: 45 minutes
  * Yield: 8-10 (depends on hunger levels) 1x

Print Recipe

Pin Recipe

### Description

5-Ingredient Green Curry! packed with tons of veggies, an easy green curry
sauce, and finished with golden raisins and cilantro.

* * *

### Ingredients

Units USM Scale 1x2x3x

**For the Green Curry:**

  * 12 ounces **firm tofu**
  * a swish of **olive oil** \+ a sprinkle of **salt**
  * 2 **sweet potatoes** , peeled and cubed
  * 4 tablespoons **green curry paste** _(I used Thai Kitchen)_
  * three 14-ounce cans **coconut milk**
  * 3-or-so cups **broccoli florets**

**Optional Extras:**

  * a handful of chopped fresh **cilantro**
  * a handful of golden **raisins**
  * just a lil **fish sauce** (trust me!) and **brown sugar** to taste

* * *

### Instructions

  1. **Tofu:** Press the tofu with paper towels to remove water. Cut tofu into cubes. In a large soup pot, heat the olive oil over medium high heat. Add the tofu, sprinkle with salt, and pan fry for 10-15 minutes, until golden brown. Remove and set aside.
  2. **Veggies:** Add sweet potatoes, coconut milk, and curry paste to the soup pot. Simmer for 5-10 minutes until potatoes are fork-tender. Add broccoli and tofu. Simmer for 3-5 minutes until broccoli is bright green.
  3. **Finishing it off:** I like to add a handful of golden raisins and cilantro (I know, I know, lots of levels of weird going on here) and I pinky promise that a quick swish of fish sauce and a sprinkle of brown sugar will take this over the top.

### Notes

Serve over steamy white rice! But hopefully that's obvious.

IF USING MAE PLOY OR MAESRI BRAND CURRY PASTE, USE LESS! I love spicy food,
but when we tried it with Mae Ploy I just about burned my mouth off. Start
with 1 tablespoon and work up from there. However, Thai Kitchen brand is much
milder and 4 tablespoons is the right amount for that one.

Nutrition information is for the green curry only. It does not include rice.

  * Prep Time: 15 mins
  * Cook Time: 30 mins
  * Category: Dinner
  * Method: Sauté
  * Cuisine: Thai

Keywords: green curry, vegetarian curry, tofu curry, vegetarian dinner,
vegetarian curry recipe

### Did you make this recipe?

Tag @pinchofyum on Instagram so we can admire your masterpiece! 🌟

Recipe Card powered by

## More Curry Favorites

  * **Red Curry Lentils** _(this is one of our all-time favorite lentil recipes!)_
  *  **Easy Thai Yellow Curry Paste** _(makes enough to freeze for multiple batches)_
  *  **Instant Pot Cauliflower Curry** _(a quick and wholesome dinner)_

* * *

## One More Thing!

This recipe is part of our **best healthy winter recipes** page. Check it out!

September 3, 2021

### 22 Healthy Freezer Meals (That You'll Actually Love)

Prev

### Slow Cooker Beef Ragu with Pappardelle

Next

##### Nice to meet you!

I’m Lindsay and I ♡ FOOD. I used to be a teacher, and now making food and
writing about it online is my full-time job. I love talking with people about
food, and I'm so glad you're here.

Did you make a recipe? Tag @pinchofyum on Instagram so we can find you!

INSTAGRAMINSTAGRAM icon PINTERESTPINTEREST icon FACEBOOKFACEBOOK icon
TWITTERTWITTER icon

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe rating _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Sign me up for recipes, please!  
All the food, right to your inbox (and a FREE ecookbook, too!).

Δ

### 223 Comments

  1. Kelly | Maverick Baking

Awww this looks so cosy and tasty and nourishing, definitely pinning this for
later! Thanks for making veggie food exciting!

09/05/17 @ 4:29 am

Reply

    1. MariaCooker

Papa Ork is the best spell caster out there. if you are passing through any
problem in your relationship or marriage, email: [email protected] com his
help is awesome.

09/13/17 @ 10:47 pm

Reply

  2. Stephanie Jones

I love these photos! Are you using a vsco preset??

09/05/17 @ 8:42 am

Reply

  3. Jenn

How do you get your tofu so crispy looking? Is it really all paper towel
drying? Or do you use a tofu press? Teach me your ways!!

09/05/17 @ 12:12 pm

Reply

  4. MrsP

I make a similar dish all the time – you can substitute all kinds of veggies
and proteins with this sauce. One thing I think is a must that is missing is a
fresh lime squeezed into the sauce. Takes it to the next level!! I usually use
the Thai Kitchen brand also, but will have to try Mae Ploy.

09/05/17 @ 1:07 pm

Reply

    1. Lindsay

YES YES YES. Thank you! Good call!

09/07/17 @ 11:18 am

Reply

  5. Kaitlin

My favorite curry paste is Maesri. Way better than Thai Kitchen, and the cans
are just the right size for one batch of curry so I don’t have to figure out
how to store the rest of a larger container.

09/05/17 @ 1:21 pm

Reply

    1. Carol Borchardt

I totally agree about Maesri brand! Ever since I discovered their curry
pastes, I don’t worry about making my own. All natural and the price is SO
right!

09/06/17 @ 7:48 am

Reply

      1. Lindsay

Okay Maesri! Going to google that one. Thank you!

09/07/17 @ 11:16 am

Reply

      2. Erika Meyer

Would this freeze well? It’s still too hot and sticky in Atlanta to eat hot
curry, but I love this recipe and want to tuck it away for cooler days!

09/18/19 @ 5:19 am

Reply

        1. Eman @ Pinch of Yum

Hi Erika! We haven’t tested this out in the freezer, but we think this would
work well. Let us know how this goes for you if you end up trying it out!

09/18/19 @ 2:49 pm

Reply

          1. Rissa

This was exactly the bowl of coziness I needed today. Thank you for the recipe
💚

03/24/20 @ 5:46 pm

    2. Lindsay

Amazing! Thank you! I’m going to look that up.

09/07/17 @ 11:18 am

Reply

    3. Paula D Spear

This took a really long time to reduce to a sauce thick enough for my liking.
My vegetables were overdone by the time the coconut milk reduced. What
happened?

  
  
  
  
  

04/27/20 @ 8:12 pm

Reply

      1. Eman @ Pinch of Yum

Hi, Paula! Our sauce here usually isn’t very thick, it’s a bit more saucy when
we use 3 cans of coconut milk. If you prefer a thicker sauce, you could go
down to just 2 cans of coconut milk and hopefully this will help prevent any
overdone veggies. Let us know how this goes for you! 😊

04/28/20 @ 11:27 am

Reply

  6. Susan

This sounds yummy! I remember that the first dinner I made for my husband
after we got married was green curry chicken. You should have seen his face –
he did NOT like it at all. However, I’ve been working on his tastebuds for 9
years now, and he might actually eat this. I would use more tofu or other
protein because the amount per serving is way low for what I need.

09/05/17 @ 2:43 pm

Reply

  7. Renae

I can tell you that Thai Kitchen green curry is not as spicy as Mae Poy or
Maseri. Both of those are available at my local asian grocery stores. I am
fortunate to have a large asia town in Cleveland and go get authentic
ingredients. The green curry paste is the hottest there is!! Be careful. Very
spicy.  
I would recommend starting with 1T not 4!!

09/05/17 @ 3:35 pm

Reply

    1. Lindsay

This is so helpful! Thank you! I updated the notes to include a warning about
it – when we tested it this week, we made it with 4T of Mae Ploy and we were
dying! 😂

09/07/17 @ 11:18 am

Reply

  8. Kari

Yum! This looks so delicious!  
Kari  
http://sweetteasweetie.com

09/05/17 @ 6:08 pm

Reply

  9. Michelle @ Vitamin Sunshine

I need to check out the Mae Ploy curry paste. I have always made my own– and
sometimes, it’s fantastic, and sometimes it’s terrible! And it’s time
consuming!

  
  
  
  
  

09/05/17 @ 7:28 pm

Reply

    1. Lindsay

Agreed! I have a yellow curry paste recipe that I adore but green curry is
another story. 🙂

09/07/17 @ 11:17 am

Reply

  10. Diane

Mae Ploy green curry paste is great. Keep it refrigerated for best results and
replace after 6 months. I also blend in some veggie broth to thin out the
sauce a bit as well as basil leaves. Totally delicious.

09/05/17 @ 9:15 pm

Reply

  11. Bel

This looks absolutely simple and delicious. Excited to try it on a blustery
fall day 🙂

09/05/17 @ 9:17 pm

Reply

  12. Karl @ Healthy Kreation

I’ve never tried green curry before but this is the perfect dish to sample it.
Love the addition of tofu to this dish as well. Thanks for sharing this!

  
  
  
  
  

09/05/17 @ 11:08 pm

Reply

  13. Melissa

That BOWL is everything <3

09/06/17 @ 4:58 am

Reply

    1. Lindsay

Thank you!

09/07/17 @ 11:16 am

Reply

  14. Heather

Anything quick, easy, and healthy is perfect for the first week of school.
Being a teacher, I fully understand the excitement and stress that it brings!
This was delicious! … On another note, I’ve never commented on your blog
before, however, I just wanted to thank you SO very much for your photography
book and general advice on your blog about beginning a blog. You were
incredibly motivational for me when I got my own food blog up and running 2
years ago. Has given me so much happiness! You’re awesome! Thanks a million! 🙂

09/06/17 @ 11:22 am

Reply

    1. Lindsay

What a sweet comment. Thank you Heather!

09/07/17 @ 11:16 am

Reply

  15. Dalya

I love tofu, but mine doesn’t always come out right. Maybe it’s because I
haven’t followed a good recipe yet 😉 I’m so excited to hopefully try this
curry after hurricane Irma passes!

09/06/17 @ 11:29 am

Reply

    1. Lindsay

Stay safe!

09/07/17 @ 11:15 am

Reply

  16. Sheri

So, would you recommend yellow curry for us non-spicy ladies? Help!

09/06/17 @ 11:44 am

Reply

    1. Lindsay

Actually, if you use Thai Kitchen brand of green curry paste, it is not spicy
at all. I find it even milder than red or yellow curry paste. I have some
reeeeally skeptical eaters in my extended family, and they ate it up just
fine! I *would* avoid Mae Ploy brand curry paste though! We tried that one
this week and found that one to be extremely spicy!

09/07/17 @ 11:15 am

Reply

  17. Sue Ellen

Has anyone made this with refrigerated coconut milk? I have to watch saturated
fats but would love to try this recipe.

09/06/17 @ 4:58 pm

Reply

    1. Lindsay

I think you could definitely make it work! It wouldn’t have the same gravy-
like consistency as the sauce with canned coconut milk, but still so good!

09/07/17 @ 11:14 am

Reply

    2. Jenny

I tried using a carton of coconut milk once for red curry and it was not good
at all. I think you need to stick to the canned. I usually use half regular
and half lite coconut milk.

09/19/17 @ 1:23 pm

Reply

  18. Mia skaff

Mae Ploy is theeeeee best. I highly recommend all different flavors of it. My
grandma is from Thailand and it’s the only thing she uses for curry base

09/06/17 @ 6:21 pm

Reply

    1. Lindsay

Awesome! So good to know. Thank you!

09/07/17 @ 11:13 am

Reply

  19. BP Sharma

I have never cooked with Thai curry pastes and noticed that the recipe does
include salt, spices, etc. Does the curry paste make up for the lack of
spices?

09/06/17 @ 9:53 pm

Reply

    1. BP Sharma

Sorry, I meant ‘does not include…’

09/06/17 @ 9:54 pm

Reply

    2. Lindsay

Yes, I find that the curry paste itself has plenty of seasoning and the fish
sauce added at the end also helps with saltiness.

09/07/17 @ 11:13 am

Reply

  20. Kate

Coming from a girl who makes green curry several times a month, Mae Ploy lives
up to the hype and is so worth it!! I love making mine with thinly sliced
chicken and Thai basil. Sooo good.

  
  
  
  
  

09/06/17 @ 10:41 pm

Reply

    1. Lindsay

Yes! Thank you! I tried it and loved it. So spicy though!

09/07/17 @ 11:13 am

Reply

  21. Roshan

Thank you for sharing the health recipe.

09/07/17 @ 1:15 am

Reply

  22. Casey

Thank you Lindsay, this is exactly what I need to make when I need a fast easy
meal for the family. Plus we all love green curry and tofu too!

09/08/17 @ 10:03 am

Reply

  23. Kathryn

I haven’t made curry in ages. This recipe gives me a good reason to do so and
I think I already have all the ingredients! 🙂

  
  
  
  
  

09/09/17 @ 2:24 pm

Reply

    1. Jenna @ Pinch of Yum

Woohoo! Hope you enjoy! 🙂

09/11/17 @ 3:08 pm

Reply

  24. Olivia

Do you think you could swap out the green curry for red? I only ask because I
have some in my fridge 🙂 I’ve only ever cooked with curry a few times, so I’m
not sure!

09/11/17 @ 12:23 pm

Reply

    1. Jenna @ Pinch of Yum

Definitely would work!

09/11/17 @ 2:56 pm

Reply

  25. Kim

Made this tonight with shrimp, its a keeper. My entire family loved it. I did
exact except no raisins.

09/11/17 @ 5:50 pm

Reply

Load More Comments

###  Hi! I’m Lindsay. Nice to Meet You!

I'm a former 4th grade teacher, now full time blogger. My husband Bjork and I
live in Minnesota. Favorite things include my camera, lake days, and dark
chocolate.

Learn More

##### Follow Us

INSTAGRAMINSTAGRAM icon PINTERESTPINTEREST icon FACEBOOKFACEBOOK icon
TWITTERTWITTER icon

signup  for Email Updates

Get a Free eCookbook with our top 25 recipes.

###  Most Popular Posts

### The Best Soft Chocolate Chip Cookies

### The Best Peach Cobbler

### The Best Easy Pasta Salad

###  Latest on Instagram

InstagramInstagram icon

##### Stay up to date

Follow @pinchofyum on Instagram so you don’t miss a single recipe.

###  Follow our 10 Year journey to Blogging Full-time

Learn More

Get it Now Pinch of Yum Cookbook

The eBook includes our most popular 25 recipes in a beautiful, easy to
download format. Enter your email and we'll send it right over!

#### Pinch of Yum

  * About
  * Blog
  * Recipe Index
  * Blogging Resources
  * Income Reports
  * Sponsored Content
  * Media Mentions
  * Contact

#### Food & Recipes

  * Sugar Free January
  * Freezer Meals 101
  * Quick and Easy Recipes
  * Instant Pot Recipes
  * Pasta Recipes
  * Vegan Recipes
  * Soup Recipes
  * Taco Recipes
  * Meal Prep Recipes

INSTAGRAMINSTAGRAM icon PINTERESTPINTEREST icon FACEBOOKFACEBOOK icon
TWITTERTWITTER icon

Pinch of Yum logo

(C) 2022 Pinch of Yum. All Rights Reserved.

An elite CafeMedia food publisher.

signup for Email Updates

Get a Free eCookbook with our top 25 recipes.

#### Our Other Brands

  *   *   *   * 

Privacy PolicyTerms

