https://www.mexicoinmykitchen.com/deviled-shrimp-recipe/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

Mexico In My Kitchen

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * About
  * Cookbook
  * Español
  * Search

menu icon

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * About
  * Cookbook
  * Español

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * About
  * Cookbook
  * Español

×

You are here: Home » Recipes » Seafood

# Camarones a la Diabla

Published: Jan 18, 2013 · Updated: Mar 21, 2019 by Mely Martínez

JUMP TO RECIPE

While I was cooking this recipe, I was on the phone with my Aunt Nono. She
lives in the historic and beautiful town of Veracruz, a large seaport city on
the Gulf of Mexico, where seafood plays a main role in the local gastronomy.  
This dish is so famous in Veracruz that it’s served in almost every seafood
restaurant in the area.

## Deviled Shrimp Recipe | Camarones a la Diabla Recipe

  
The recipe is easy to make once you have your ingredients ready, including the
roasted tomatoes. My phone call with my aunt started when I was roasting the
tomatoes, and before I realized it, the meal was ready and I had to tell her
that I needed to hang up because dinner was already on the table.

Yes, it’s so easy to make. It is a great recipe when you have a craving for
shrimp and a little spiciness. With a few ingredients and a little time, you
too will have a filling and satisfying meal and who doesn’t love that?

Yes, it’s so easy to make. It is a great recipe when you have a craving for
shrimp and a little spiciness. With a few ingredients and a little time, you
too will have a filling and satisfying meal and who doesn’t love that?

## How to make Camarones a la diabla Recipe

**JUMP TO FULL INSTRUCTIONS **

Directions:

  * In a bowl mix the shrimp with the lemon juice and season with salt and pepper. Let it rest for 15 minutes to marinate.  **(Please check the ingredients list below)**
  * Combine roasted tomatoes, garlic, chipotle peppers and its adobo in a blender, process until smooth. Set aside.

  * Heat 1 Tablespoon of olive oil in a large skillet, over medium-high heat. Add diced onion and the shrimp without the marinated juices. Slightly cook shrimp turning quickly to avoid overcooking. About 4 minutes. The shrimp will keep cooking later with the sauce. Transfer to a plate and set aside.

  * Add the remaining 1 Tablespoon of olive oil to the skillet and turn heat to medium-high. Add the sauce and fry stirring constantly to prevent it to stick to the bottom. Simmer for about 10 minutes; if using the white wine add now and also add the thyme. Season with salt.
  * Add the shrimp and cook for 2 more minutes. Serve over white rice and sprinkle with cilantro if desired. Do not overcook the shrimp or it will taste like rubber. (Smile)

¡Buen provecho!

Mely,

More recipes:  
Shrimp Mexican Style or Ranchero  
Shrimp Cocktail with Habanero Sauce / Coctel de Camarones

Receta en Español Camarones.

## Deviled Shrimp Recipe

Mely Martínez

Deviled Shrimp, The recipe is easy to make once you have your ingredients
ready, including the roasted tomatoes. My phone call with my aunt started when
I was roasting the tomatoes, and before I realized it.

4.92 from 56 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 10 mins

Cook Time 20 mins

Total Time 30 mins

Course Seafood

Cuisine Mexican

Servings 4

Calories 190 kcal

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * ▢ 1 Lb. Shrimp raw, cleaned and deveined (16 Large Shrimps)
  * ▢ 1 Tablespoon of lime juice
  * ▢ Salt and pepper to season
  * ▢ 2 Tablespoon of olive oil
  * ▢ ⅓ cup white onion finely diced
  * ▢ 2 Chipotle peppers in adobo canned version, about 1.5 oz.
  * ▢ 2 medium size tomatoes roasted about 10 oz. 
  * ▢ 1 garlic clove
  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon dried thyme or

### Instructions



  * In a bowl mix the shrimp with the lemon juice and season with salt and pepper. Let it rest for 15 minutes to marinate.

  * Combine roasted tomatoes, garlic, chipotle peppers and its adobo in a blender, process until smooth. Set aside.

  * Heat 1 Tablespoon of olive oil in a large skillet, over medium-high heat. Add diced onion and the shrimp without the marinated juices. Slightly cook shrimp turning quickly to avoid overcooking. About 4 minutes. The shrimp will keep cooking later with the sauce. Transfer to a plate and set aside.

  * Add the remaining 1 Tablespoon of olive oil to the skillet and turn heat to medium-high. Add the sauce and fry stirring constantly to prevent it to stick to the bottom. Simmer for about 10 minutes; if using the white wine add now and also add the thyme. Season with salt.

  * Add the shrimp and cook for 2 more minutes. Serve over white rice and sprinkle with cilantro if desired. Do not overcook the shrimp or it will taste like rubber. (Smile)

### Notes

Some cooks add ¼ cup of white wine and let the sauce reduce a little bit
longer.

To see a picture of roasted tomatoes check this LINK

### Nutrition

Serving: 4ozCalories: 190kcalCarbohydrates: 3gProtein: 23gFat: 8gSaturated
Fat: 1gCholesterol: 285mgSodium: 1590mgPotassium: 198mgSugar: 1gVitamin A:
385IUVitamin C: 12mgCalcium: 171mgIron: 2.6mg

Tried this recipe?Let us know how it was!

  * Chipotle Shrimp Tacos

  * Cod Crispy Fish Tacos [Pescadillas]

  * Vuelve a la vida - Seafood Cocktail

  * Seafood Soup (Caldo de Mariscos)

« Flour Tortillas Recipe

Mexican White Rice Recipe (Arroz Blanco Mexicano) »

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. MARY

January 24, 2022 at 9:13 pm

  
I made this as directed. The only thing I changed is I used cauliflower rice
instead of white rice. I simmered the cauliflower in the remainder of the can
of chipotle peppers in adobe sauce. Was spicy (yum!) but an excellent side in
my opinion. Really enjoyed the dish! Thank you!

Reply

  2. Keith

December 31, 2020 at 4:38 pm

Hi Mely,

This recipe is delicious. Next time, I'd like to make it a little spicier.
What would be a good chile that would combine well with the chipotle in adobo
to bump up the picoso-ness?

Thanks!

Reply

    * Mely Martínez

December 31, 2020 at 4:59 pm

Hello Keith,  
Arbol peppers are spicier.

Reply

  3. CJB

November 15, 2020 at 5:29 am

Hola, I look forward to trying this recipe as it uses chipotles that are very
easy to find. Some of the more exotic chiles are difficult to acquire in
central Indiana.  
Por cierto, comí este plato en Veracruz puerto hace muuuuchos años en un
mercado allá, y me trajeron los camarones enteros, cabezas y todo! It was
delicious. Saludos desde Indiana!

Reply

    * Mely Martínez

November 15, 2020 at 11:26 am

Saludos hasta Indiana!

Reply

  4. Alexzandre Constantine

September 29, 2020 at 10:07 pm

  
For the most part I’d give it a 9/10 only because I cooked the shrimp with the
lime, salt and pepper marinade to blend the flavoring in with the onion. I
also used Jimador Tequila for extra flavoring instead of wine. I did
appreciate the simple recipe because it was more fun than a chore which I
love! It was one of the best experiences once we sat down to eat with white
corn tortillas and tasted every ingredient. This recipe was for 4, I adapted
it to feed 6 along with 3lbs of shrimp and added 5 chipotles instead of 2, and
used an entire lime (approx 6tbsp) and a few other changes. This was my first
time making this and we made a family project out of it. Thank you so much for
sharing this recipe with us!

Reply

    * Mely Martínez

September 30, 2020 at 1:12 pm

Hello Alexzandre,  
Thank you for trying the recipe, and for sharing all the adaptations. Happy
cooking!

Reply

    * Lissete

June 29, 2021 at 7:43 am

  
Loved it! My family loved it. It was delicious. I used 2lbs of shrimp and used
x3 the amount of ingredients for that extra sauce.

Reply

  5. Lina

May 01, 2020 at 6:13 pm

  
This was so delicious. Made it almost exactly as written and my family and I
just loved it. Have to admit that I cheated and used a can of fire-roasted
tomatoes! And I did add the white wine too. Thank you!

Reply

  6. Mariana Alarcon

April 12, 2020 at 12:41 pm

Can this be made with octopus for pulpo a la diabla?

Reply

    * Mely Martínez

April 12, 2020 at 3:08 pm

Hello Mariana,  
Yes, you can use pulpo.

Reply

  7. LA Hu3ra SGV 13

November 09, 2019 at 5:07 pm

Loved this receipe. I followed it exactly but what would you suggest to make
the sauce spicier? Arbol peppers? If so, how many?

Reply

    * Mely Martínez

November 18, 2019 at 8:26 am

Hello LA,  
Yes, you can add more chipotles or cook some árbol peppers to make it spicer.

Reply

    * Mike Wilson

May 16, 2022 at 8:28 am

Try 3-5 arbol chiles. If you are a real chile-head, then 5-8. You should de-
stem and remove the seeds, then soak them in 1 cup of very hot, but not
boiling water until rehydrated.

Reply

      * Mely Martínez

May 16, 2022 at 12:26 pm

Hello Mike,  
Thank you for answering to LA Hu3ra.

  8. Dee

July 23, 2019 at 5:14 pm

  
Hi, your ingredients list specified lime juice but the directions specify
lemon juice. Which one is a typo, and can either be used? Thanks, DM

Reply

    * mmartinez

July 23, 2019 at 5:22 pm

Hello Dee,  
That is a typo, thanks for catching it! It should be lime juice, but lemon
juice can be used if you don't find lime.  
Happy cooking!

Reply

  9. Laura C

April 19, 2019 at 9:33 pm

  
For Lent I made this recipe and followed as closely as possible. I used 2 tbls
of La Costeña diced chipotle peppers (very convenient and comes in a jar). I
also added diced fried potatoes "para que rinda"... as a filler. Paired it
with your white rice recipe to which I added frozen peas and carrots. I saved
the white wine for myself. Needless to say, plates and pans were cleaned with
corn tortillas... para chuparse los dedos. Thank you for taking me home with
these familiar flavors.

Reply

    * mmartinez

April 21, 2019 at 9:47 am

Hello Laura,  
Smart move to add potatoes. Just like my mom, "para que rinda". I will do the
same with the wine. (wink)

Reply

  10. Don Baker

September 26, 2018 at 12:45 pm

The link to how to roast tomatoes is broken.

Reply

    * mmartinez

November 06, 2018 at 7:05 pm

Thank you for letting me know. I just added it again.

Reply

  11. Sue S

August 16, 2018 at 8:17 pm

I liked the idea behind the sauce but was probably the hottest thing I have
ever made. How can I cool it down to make it gringo style. I liked favor of
the adobo sauce. Thanks for sharing.

Reply

    * mmartinez

August 17, 2018 at 6:58 am

Hello Sue,  
You are right this Deviled Shrimp Recipe is a little spicy, hence the name
deviled. But, if you like the flavor of the adobo, you can add cooked tomatoes
to reduce the heat or make the version with cream like in the **_Chicken
Chipotle._**

Reply

      * Ashley Walker

November 03, 2018 at 1:09 pm

  
My sister in law make it but she put cream cheese in it can you do that

      * mmartinez

November 03, 2018 at 5:48 pm

Hello Ashley,  
Sure, you can add cream cheese or cream.

  12. Mike

July 16, 2018 at 7:49 am

Hi, I’m not sure if I’m just missing it on the page, but how do you roast the
tomatoes? Is it something simple? Thanks!

Reply

    * mmartinez

July 18, 2018 at 5:58 pm

Hello Mike,

You can see pictures following this link for Roasted tomato and jalapeño
salsa.  
Roasted Red Jalapeño Salsa

Reply

  13. Maria

June 17, 2018 at 7:27 am

Hello! I have a question! For the roasted tomatoes part, is it only roasted
tomatoes or does it apply also to the garlic and chipotle plus the adobo?

Reply

    * mmartinez

June 17, 2018 at 12:40 am

Hello Maria,  
You can roast the onion and the garlic if you want to, but I usually only
roast the tomatoes for this recipe. Happy cooking!

Reply

  14. Bimmer

June 24, 2016 at 3:21 pm

Sorry, I just found your blog. I love, love, love to cook from scratch, and my
wife who is from Corpus Cristi, Tx, and myself, living most my life in
Seattle, adore good Mexican food. I am seeking to recreate a wonderful and
just slightly spicy red sauce, so as not to overpower the fish, shrimp,
scallops and clams in the shell for this dish. I think your recipe here gives
me a good foundation, but instead of the heavy duskiness of the Chipotle, I'm
opting to use simple dried Guajillo chiles, lemon and lime juice for flavor
and brightness, along with your fresh garlic, olive oil, roasted tomatoes,
cumin and Mexican oregano. ALWAYS garnish with fresh cilantro! I think I also
like your idea of reducing with a bit of a good red wine. Gracias, Mely!

Reply

    * mmartinez

June 24, 2016 at 4:08 pm

Hello Bimmer,

You can certainly use Guajillo, when cooked that way some people call it in
adobo. I love a dish my mom makes using guajillo and ancho peppers and then
thickness the sauce with a little bit of Corn masa.

Provecho and happy cooking!

Reply

  15. Anonymous

May 07, 2016 at 4:54 am

What can I add to this to make it spicier?

Reply

    * mmartinez

May 08, 2016 at 1:52 am

Hello,

You can add more Chipotle peppers or use cooked arbol peppers instead of the
chipotles.  
Happy cooking!

Reply

« Older Comments

### Leave a Reply & Rating Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### ABOUT ME

Hi, I'm Mely Martinez, a former Mexican school teacher, home cook, and food
blogger. I moved to the United States about ten years ago, after living in
Mexico my whole life. Now I love to share home-style recipes for authentic
Mexican food.

Read more...

### ORDER YOUR COPY NOW!

The Mexican Home Kitchen Cookbook

### Taco Recipes

  * Taco Toppings

  * Ancho Pepper Shredded Beef for Tacos

  * Tacos Arabes Recipe

  * Papas con Chorizo

### Salad Recipes

  * Raw Nopales Salad

  * Fresh Corn Salad with Purslane

  * Mexican Chicken Salad (Ensalada de Pollo)

  * Hearts Of Palm Salad

AS FEATURED IN:

## Footer

### About

ABOUT  
PRIVACY POLICY  
USER SERVICE AGREEMENT  
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT

### Newsletter

SIGN UP **  FOR EMAILS AND UPDATES**!

###  Follow / Contact

FACEBOOK  
INSTAGRAM  
PINTEREST  
CONTACT  

COPYRIGHT © 2022 · MEXICO IN MY KITCHEN

