https://www.thespicery.com/malaccan-devil-s-curry-with-prawn-fritters-and-sambal-kecap


**JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.** For the best experience
on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.

* Refer your friends, get £5!

* What We Do
* We offer FREE SHIPPING on all UK orders over £10! We Deliver Worldwide
* Contact Us
* Jobs
* Blogs
* Help
* Redeem Voucher
* Register Book
* Log In

__

__

__

__

toggle menu

Legend Books & Blends __

## Legend Cookbook Kits

Curry Legend Kits

Taco Legend Kit

Mezze Legend Kit

## Legend Blends

Curry Legend Blends

Taco Legend Blends

Mezze Legend Blends

## Legend Books & eBooks

Books & eBooks

Subscriptions __

## Subscriptions

Subscription Types

My Subscription

## How it Works

How it Works

FAQs

## Subscription Boxes

Spiceboxes

Gifts __

## Gifts

All Gifts

Gift Boxes

Gift Cards

Legend Gifts

Subscription Gifts

## Gift Help

Inspiration

FAQs

Wall of Fame __

Easy Recipe Kits __

## Easy Recipe Kits

All Easy Recipe Kits

Collections

One Pot Wonders

## Lucky Dip

Lucky Dip Box

Lucky Dip Kits

Spicestore __

## Spices

All Spices

## Blends

Summer Blends

House Blends

Seasonal Blends

Legend Blends

## Spicery Essentials

Spicery Larder

Stackable Tins

Labels

Legend Club __

## Legend Blends & Books

Legend Cookbook Kits

Legend Blend Refills

Legend Books & eBooks

## Legend Downloadable Recipes

Legend Recipe Archive

## Legend Club

Register Book

Our Sizzling Summer Sale is now on - 3 Spiceboxes for £10 and more ...

Search for:

__

#### Pages

#### Products

#  Malaccan Devil's Curry with Prawn Fritters and Sambal Kecap

__________

5/5 from 8 Customers

A deliciously hot and tangy curry from Malacca, Malaysia...

SERVES: 4

Part of the Friday Night Curry Discoverer Subscription __

40 minutes

1 hour 50 minutes

4/5

__Download Recipe CardEmail Shopping List

__

Create an account

Sign up for access to recipe downloads, the latest spiceboxes & much more!

Create an Account  Log In

__

Create an Account

Name

Email

Join our spicemail list to receive monthly offers and be entered into a prize
draw to win a gift card!

Yes please!

No thanks

By clicking 'Create an Account' you are agreeing to our privacy policy

Create an Account

__Sorry this item is currently out of stock

Special Price £4.00 Regular Price £8.67

### Share this with someone

Please wait...

Description Spices Included Shopping List Customer Reviews

Malacca has been a strategic spice trading post for centuries, and its rich
cultural heritage is reflected in the cuisine. The cooking is mainly locally
influenced, but Portuguese settlers of the 16th Century introduced two very
important ingredients - chillies and vinegar - which both appear here in this
aptly named fiery curry.

We're serving it with crispy prawn fritters known as cucur udang (commonly
sold by Malay street vendors) and a deliciously sweet, salty and sticky sauce
called sambal kecap. The curry spread is complete with the addition of a
delicately spiced coconut and turmeric rice and refreshing cucumber kerabu
salad.

Click here to read all about our spice travels to research different recipes!

### Recipe

#### 40 minutes

#### 1 hour 50 minutes

#### 4/5

#### 4

#### High Effort

#### Chicken

#### Fish/Seafood

### Dietary

#### Dairy Free

### Taste Profile

#### Hot

#### Tangy

### Origin

#### Malaysia

**Four Sisters Blend:** fennel, cumin, fenugreek, brown MUSTARD

**Paste Spices:** chilli, turmeric, coriander, cumin

**Chicken Marinade:** star anise, Sichuan pepper, fennel, cassia, cloves,
turmeric, cumin, coriander, garlic, ginger, shallot

**Whole Chillies:** long chilli

**Rice Spices:** turmeric, nutmeg, cloves, star anise, cassia

**Fritter Spices:** chives, mild chilli flakes, lemongrass, kaffir lime leaf,
turmeric

**Kecap Spices** : mild chilli flakes, garlic, galangal, ginger

*Allergens listed in capitals

  * 500g diced chicken (thighs are best)
  * 150g shelled prawns (raw ones are best)
  * 400g shallots or 2 large red onions
  * 3 cloves of garlic
  * Fresh ginger - roughly chopped to make 1 tbsp
  * 250g new potatoes
  * 300g beansprouts
  * ½ cucumber
  * 1 pepper (any colour)
  * 25g bunch of coriander
  * 1 lime
  * 1 egg (any size)
  * 80ml soy sauce (any type)
  * 1 tbsp fish sauce (or just use an extra 1 tbsp soy sauce)
  * 2 tbsp vinegar (rice or white wine vinegar is best)
  * 45g sugar
  * 200ml full fat coconut milk
  * 300g jasmine or standard long grain rice (not easy cook)
  * 90g plain flour
  * Oil for frying (sunflower or vegetable oil is best)

Product Rating (8):

 __ __ __ __ __

__________

5 /5

One of our favourites so far - succulent chicken with a lovely creamy coconut
rice and a fresh crunchy salad. The prawn fritters were the best bit though!

Katharine Furmston View More

Lovely! Thanks for sharing!

 __ __ __ __ __

5 /5

Everyone enjoyed this one! Nice and spicy.

Lynda Hornshaw View More

Great to hear that everyone loved it! The fritters look great!

 __ __ __ __ __

5 /5

This was a super tasty curry. We liked it so much that I’ve ordered another
pack of the same spices.

Michael Stephens View More

When it's nice, do it twice! Happy spicing!

 __ __ __ __ __

5 /5

A wicked evening cooking up a feast this NYE! Thumbs up all round

Hannah Smith View More

Yum- this looks like a fantastic feast to celebrate the New Year! Glad
everyone enjoyed it, thanks for sharing and happy spicing!

__________

5 /5

Loads of chopping but once prepped easy to put together. Prawn fritters fab!

Helen Nelson View More

Nice one - hope it was worth the work! Happy spicing!

 __ __ __ __ __

5 /5

Our first try and it was AMAZING!

Deborah Pargeter View More

Great job, Deborah - we're so pleased to hear how much you enjoyed your first
spicebox! And those bowls are just gorgeous!

 __ __ __ __ __

5 /5

Our first Spicery recipe. And wow! The flavours were amazing and everything
complemented each other perfectly! Genuinely surprised how good the flavours
were. And different to our usual recipes. Loved it. Can’t wait to see what’s
next on our Friday Night curry subscription:-)

Nick Knight View More

Yum - this looks delicious, Nick. Great job on your Spicery debut! We can't
wait to see what you make next month!

 __ __ __ __ __

5 /5

The kerabu and sambal kecap complimented the curry perfectly! The prawn
fritters were also very scrumptious. Highly recommend!

Peter Massingale View More

That all looks really delicious, Peter - great job with this one! We're so
pleased to hear how much you enjoyed all the different components!

Write Your Review

# Write your Review

We love to hear what everyone has been saying about our products! Uploading a
picture is optional, although if you do it will be automatically uploaded to
our Wall of Fame and you'll be in with the chance of winning our monthly
prize!

Sorry, not all fields are filled out. Please check and try again.

Please check the "I'm not a robot" box

Sorry your image was less than 400px in height or width. Please try another
image;

Sorry, you haven't cropped your image yet! Please click and drag a box over
your image to set the crop.

### Your Details

Your Email Always kept confidential

__

Verifying

We are just checking your email is not already registered

__

Looks like you are already registered

Please login here to create your post!

__

We'll create a new account and send a temporary password to your email so that
you can manage your post later.

Sorry, your email looks invalid.

Please check it and try again.

First Name

Last Name

### Your Picture

**No photo to upload? Just click Next!**

Upload your image

To crop your image, draw a box on your picture to select what part of the
image you want to be uploaded. When you're happy, press next to tell us about
your meal!

_Maximum file size 8mb_

### Your Review

__

Malaccan Devil's Curry with Prawn Fritters and Sambal Kecap

__

Rating *

5/5

4/5

3/5

2/5

1/5

Write a review *

Don't send me the monthly spicemail newsletter

By clicking 'finish and upload' you are agreeing to our privacy policy and
also giving us permission to potentially use your photos on our social media
channels and printed material. We will create an account for you if you do not
already have one so you can manage your Wall of Fame uploads online.

Previous Next

### Wall of Fame - Malaccan Devil's Curry with Prawn Fritters and Sambal Kecap

The kerabu and sambal kecap co...

Our first Spicery recipe. And ...

Our first try and it was AMAZI...

Ridiculously good food! This r...

Loads of chopping but once pre...

A wicked evening cooking up a ...

This was a super tasty curry. ...

Everyone enjoyed this one! Nic...

One of our favourites so far -...

__

  
  

__

Back to top

Find us on...

Useful Links

  * Ordering & Shipping
  * Returns
  * Help and FAQs
  * About our Packaging
  * Contact Us
  * Jobs at The Spicery
  * Privacy Policy & Cookies

About Us

  * About Us
  * Kitchen Blog
  * Travel Blog
  * Tour of The Spicery
  * Annual Report
  * Refugee Action

Our Address

  * 77 Feeder Road
  * St Phillips
  * Bristol
  * BS2 0TQ
  * GB
  * 0117 9711908

#### Join our spicemail list to receive monthly offers  
and be entered into a prize draw to win a gift card!

  * Login
  * Register

Email

Password

Log In

Reset your password

or

Login with Your Social Profile Login with

Continue with Google

Continue with Apple

First Name

Last Name

Email

Password - Minimum of 8 characters

Confirm Password

Join our spicemail list to receive monthly offers and be entered into a prize
draw to win a gift card!

Yes please!

No thanks

Create an Account

By clicking 'Create an Account' you are agreeing to our privacy policy

or

Login with Your Social Profile Login with

Continue with Google

Continue with Apple

  * Forgot Your Password? 

Please enter your email to reset your password. If you have redeemed a voucher
for a subscription your account will be registered with the email you entered
then.

Having difficulty resetting your password? Please make sure you always use the
most recent reset link that we have sent you.

Email

Reset My Password  

Go back

Welcome!

Legend Books & Blends __

Legend Cookbook Kits

Curry Legend Kits

Taco Legend Kit

Mezze Legend Kit

Legend Blends

Legend Books & eBooks

Subscriptions __

Subscription Types

How it Works

Buy a Subscription

Subscription FAQs

Spiceboxes

Gifts __

All Gifts

Gift Boxes

Gift Cards

Legend Gifts

Subscription Gifts

Inspiration

FAQs

Wall of Fame __

Wall of Fame

Upload a Photo

Easy Recipe Kits __

Easy Recipe Kits

Collections

One Pot Wonders

Lucky Dip Box

Lucky Dip Kits

Spicestore __

Spicestore

Blends

Legend Blends

Summer Blends

House Blends

Seasonal Blends

Spicery Larder

Stackable Spice Tins

Labels

Legend Club __

Legend Club

Register Book

Legend Recipe Archive

Legend Blend Refills

Legend Books & eBooks

__Login

Quick Links

__Redeem your Voucher

__Register your Book

__Help

