https://littlespicejar.com/cantonese-style-pan-fried-noodles/


Skip to Main Content

Mobile Menu Trigger

__Submit

Mobile Search Trigger

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipes
    * Breakfast & Brunch
    * Lunch
    * Dinner
    * Desserts
    * Drinks
    * By Diet
    * By Occasion
    * By Season
    * Recipe Index
  * Life
    * Travel
    * House & Home
  * Shop

____________

__Submit

__________

  * Home
  * About
  * Recipes
    * Breakfast & Brunch
    * Lunch
    * Dinner
    * Desserts
    * Drinks
    * By Diet
    * By Occasion
    * By Season
    * Recipe Index
  * Life
    * Travel
    * House & Home
  * Shop

Home ¬ª Dinner ¬ª 30 Minute Meals ¬ª Cantonese-Style Pan-Fried Noodles

# Cantonese-Style Pan-Fried Noodles

  *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe

 _An easy Cantonese-style pan-fried noodle dish that comes together so
quickly! These taste just like your favorite_ _restaurant 's version and now
it's easy to make them at home!_

Excuse me while I slurp up a few more noodles. These pan-fried noodles are
quickly becoming my life. In my head, i'm calling them a cross between garlic
noodles, pan-fried noodles, and chow mein (because, hello, I needed the
veggies!). And when so much goodness gets together on a plate these noodles
become so hard to resist.

But before we jump head first into a bowl of these Cantonese noodles, how was
your weekend? Did you freeze? I sure did! The hubby and I made a trip to
Austin this weekend and even though it's a short 2.5 hour trip there, the
temperatures were so much colder there than in Houston. Mainly because we get
a nice warm, humid breeze from the Gulf that comes our way. We did a little
hike up to Mt. Bonnell and a windbreaker jacket would've come in handy. And
right after that, a nice cappuccino to thaw us out. When you know all I really
wanted were a bowl of these noodles to slurp on. Oh how these are perfect for
freezing cold days like today.

Last week, I had the sudden urge for noodles (um.. when do I not?) and wanted
something restaurant-style, crunchy, smoky, with fresco style veggies. You
know, the kind of noodles that are cooked on a burning hot wok so the noodles
get nice and crispy around the edges but the centers are still soft and
noodle-like.

And I have to say, that this is really more of a guide than a recipe because
it's so easily customizable! I wanted the crunch of chow mein in these noodles
so I tossed in a handful of bean sprouts, shredded carrots, and lots of
coleslaw style shredded cabbage. The carrots and coleslaw sliced cabbage are a
staple in our house, we use them on just about everything -- a little more
crunch to salads, on breakfast sandwiches, these pan-fried noodles, and even
in chicken sandwiches and such. It's a great way to sneak in some extra
veggies. The sauce for this bowl of heaven is super simple too. A little
oyster sauce, soy sauce, sugar, sesame oil, minced garlic, and red pepper
flakes. That's it. You can make this recipe vegetarian friendly by swapping
out the oyster sauce for dark soy sauce or using an imitation oyster sauce
(though that can be more difficult to find). Also, this recipe calls for egg
noodles, which I was lucky enough to find at my regular grocery store in the
Asian food aisle. Most grocery stores do carry them.

Whatever you do, make these. Because these noodles are a life-changer. Totally
what every Monday needs.

Continue to Content

Yield: 4-6 servings

## Cantonese-Style Pan-Fried Noodles

**Prep Time** 15 minutes

**Cook Time** 15 minutes

**Total Time** 30 minutes

_An easy Cantonese-style pan-fried noodle dish that comes together so quickly!
These taste just like your favorite restaurant's version and now it's easy to
make them at home!_

Print

### Ingredients

####

  * 12 ounces Hong Kong style egg noodles 
  * 8 scallions 
  * 2 teaspoons oyster sauce 
  * ¬º cup low sodium soy sauce 
  * 2 teaspoons sugar 
  * 2 teaspoons minced garlic 
  * ¬º - ¬Ω teaspoon red pepper flakes 
  * ¬Ω teaspoon salt 
  * 2 tablespoons + 2 teaspoons toasted sesame oil 
  * 2 tablespoons high heat oil (such as canola, vegetable) 
  * 1 ¬Ω cups mixed veggies (such as coleslaw style cabbage, shredded carrots, and bean sprouts) 

### Instructions

  1. Bring a large stockpot of water to boil. While the water is boiling, separate the greens from the whites of the scallion. Cut into one-inch pieces then quarter the 1-inch piece vertically so you end up with thinly julienned scallions, set aside. In a bowl, combine the oyster sauce, soy sauce, sugar, minced garlic, red pepper flakes, salt, and 1 teaspoon of sesame oil, stir to combine, set aside.
  2. When the water comes to a boil, add the noodles and allow them to boil for 2-4 minutes (according to package directions). Drain and rinse under cold running water.
  3. Heat a large wok or a 16-18 inch skillet over high heat. Let the skillet heat for several minutes until it becomes SCREAMING HOT. Drizzle with 1 tablespoon of sesame oil and 1 tablespoon of canola oil. When the pan becomes very hot and the oil starts to shimmer, add the noodles in a thin even layer. Grab the handle and carefully swirl the pan so the oil evenly coats all the noodles. Allow the noodles to cook for 4-6 minute or until they become crispy.
  4. Flip the noodles over using a large spatula. Do this carefully, don't worry if you cannot get all of them to turn at once. Do it in portions if necessary. Drizzle the remaining 1 tablespoon of sesame oil and 1 tablespoon of canola oil around the perimeters of the pan and again, lift the skillet with handle and swirl the pan to allow the oil to distribute. Let the noodles fry for an additional 3-5 minutes. Remove the noodles to a plate.
  5. Heat the remaining 1 teaspoon of sesame oil, along with the white part of the scallion and let sizzle for just 10 seconds. Add the shredded carrots if using, and let cook for an additional 10 seconds. Add the noodles back into the skillet and toss. Separate the noodles so there aren't any large clumps. Toss in the shredded cabbage mix, if using and drizzle with the soy sauce mixture and toss continuously for 1-2 minutes or until the sauce distributes evenly over the noodles.
  6. Add the bean sprouts if using and the greens of scallions. Toss to combine and serve immediately.

### Notes

* For vegetarians, you can swap the oyster sauce for dark soy sauce or an oyster flavored sauce (see ingredients some of them actually don't contain oyster extract at all!
* If you do not have a skillet/wok large enough to fit all the noodles, you can do this in 2 batches (use a ¬Ω tablespoon of sesame oil and ¬Ω tablespoon of canola oil per batch/per side.)

### Have you made this recipe?

If you enjoyed this recipe, please consider leaving a ‚≠êÔ∏è‚≠êÔ∏è‚≠êÔ∏è‚≠êÔ∏è‚≠êÔ∏è rating and a
comment below. You can also share a picture on Instagram with the hashtag
#LITTLESPICEJAR, I'd love to see what you made!

(C) Marzia

**Category:** 30 Minute Meals

SaveSave

  *   *   * 

This site contains affiliate links, if you make a purchase through them, we
receive a small commission.

30 Minute Meals Comfort Foods Dinner Rice & Pasta asian bean sprouts Cantonese
cantonese style chinese chow mein lo mein noodle bowl noodles oyster sauce
pan-fried pasta shredded cabbage shredded carrots soy sauce

_originally published on_ Jan 11, 2016 _(last updated_ May 17, 2020 _)_

35 comments Leave a comment ¬ª

_¬´ Previous Post_Garlic Parmesan Stove-Top Popcorn

_Next Post ¬ª_ _Cold-Buster Citrus Green Smoothie

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Rate this recipe:

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Œî

##  35 comments on "Cantonese-Style Pan-Fried Noodles"

Leave a comment ¬ª

  1. **Debbie Benson** -- January 11, 2016 @ 11:31 am  Reply

Oh my gosh, I have been craving these and then your email shows up in my
inbox! Must be fate. I know what we are having for dinner tonight. üôÇ

    * **Debbie Benson** -- January 12, 2016 @ 8:36 am  Reply

Updating my post to let you know I made this last night to rave reviews from
my 12 yo who complains about everything! I tossed in some leftover chicken to
use it up and it was delicious. Thanks!

  2. **Dixya @ Food, Pleasure, and Health** -- January 11, 2016 @ 2:43 pm  Reply

i was in Houston this weekend and it was chilly there..and Dallas is COLD, I
cant wait for the weather to warm up.

  3. **Sabrina** -- January 12, 2016 @ 5:01 am  Reply

This looks so simple and delicious! I'll have to try it!

  4. **missfoodfairy** -- April 20, 2016 @ 4:12 am  Reply

These noodles are so easy and so versatile - I love that you can add any
vegetables that the kids will love üôÇ I've had to pin this for later, thank you
Marzia x  
https://missfoodfairy.com/2016/04/05/vegetable-lasagne-with-spinach-pesto-and-
cauliflower-puree/

  5. **Lauren** -- January 16, 2017 @ 10:14 pm  Reply

I just pinned a whole bunch of your recipes and I can't wait to try them!
These look so good too! I'm a little freaked out by the oyster sauce ? Does it
make it really fishy!

    * **Marzia** -- January 17, 2017 @ 10:12 pm  Reply

Glad to hear it! In my opinion, oyster sauce doesn't have a fishy taste. It's
nothing like fish sauce, which has a super strong fishy flavor. Oyster sauce
is super mellow. If you're still worried, try using 'vegetarian oyster
flavored sauce' - it's usually made with mushrooms üôÇ

  6. **plasterers bristol** -- January 25, 2017 @ 4:17 am  Reply

Wowsers these sound so good. Will defitely be giving these a go. Simon

  7. **Jmy** -- January 27, 2017 @ 2:33 pm  Reply

These were to die for!! My husband and I have had the flu for the past week
with no appetites, found this recipe this morning, made a half batch for
lunch, added leftover Vietnamese crockpot chicken thighs at the end and we
were wishing we had made a whole batch. Thank you, thank you, thank you! ?

  8. **Jmy** -- January 27, 2017 @ 2:36 pm  Reply

My previous comment was supposed to have 5 stars with it. Would give this a
whole sky full of stars.

5

  9. **Mechelle** -- February 16, 2017 @ 4:15 pm  Reply

I can't find Hong Kong style egg noodles. What else can I use?

    * **Marzia** -- February 16, 2017 @ 7:22 pm  Reply

If your grocery store carries yakisoba noodles in the refrigerated section,
they'll work as a good substitute. Amazon also these egg noodles that would
work. Ramen noodles can also be used but they may not get as crispy. Hope that
helps!

  10. **Rhonda** -- December 30, 2017 @ 5:07 pm  Reply

Fantastic recipe! Loved it!

  11. **Chris** -- January 3, 2018 @ 8:19 pm  Reply

Thank you so much for posting this recipe. Made it for dinner and we ran out.
Will be making again as a double recipe. I added some pork that I marinated in
teriyaki sauce, carrots, celery, and cabbage to give it some more bulk for
dinner.

5

  12. **Kate** -- March 8, 2018 @ 1:05 am  Reply

Loved this easy and very child friendly !

5

  13. **Mom24** -- November 7, 2018 @ 10:20 am  Reply

This is wonderful. I make it often and my family loves it.

5

  14. **Dustin** -- December 13, 2018 @ 8:41 pm  Reply

Very tasty! Had this with cantoneese style pork in a crock pot. Went together
perfectly!!

5

  15. **Blaire** -- July 6, 2019 @ 10:26 pm  Reply

Delicious! I stir-fired some shrimp, shiitake mushrooms and bok choy to go
with the noodles. Super-flavorful and the noodles had a great texture. I think
I need a little more practice in getting them crispy on the outside.

5

  16. **Gloria kim** -- February 19, 2020 @ 7:28 pm  Reply

Freaking fantastic! Love love love this recipe, taste exactly like the noodles
I grew up eating. Thank you, thank you, thank you for posting.

5

  17. **Scott Reid** -- July 22, 2020 @ 8:52 pm  Reply

Awesome dish. Instead of 1/4 cup soy sauce use half and half of soy and dark
soy. It gives it a much deeper richer flavor.

5

    * **Marzia** -- July 23, 2020 @ 9:18 am  Reply

Yum - great idea!

  18. **Gloria** -- July 27, 2020 @ 9:44 pm  Reply

Thank you thank you! Love this dish! I make it every other week now. It is
truly Authentic, the best!

5

    * **Marzia** -- July 28, 2020 @ 10:17 am  Reply

I'm so happy to hear you make it so often, Gloria! And thank you so much for
taking the time to leave a comment üôÇ

  19. **Deb** -- August 26, 2020 @ 12:37 pm  Reply

I would like to make this for a Asian buffet for about 30. How many does this
recipe serve so I know if I have to quadruple the recipe or more?  
Thanks

    * **Marzia** -- August 26, 2020 @ 3:15 pm  Reply

Hi Deb! This recipe serves 4-6. I would say 4 as a meal and it could stretch
to 6-7 servings if you're serving with a lot of other dishes. Serving size for
a recipe can always be found just above the title of the recipe on the recipe
card. Hope that helps üôÇ

  20. **Madi** -- October 2, 2020 @ 5:37 am  Reply

I never leave reviews on food but I have to this time. I added fried tofu and
some yellow capsicum and I didn‚Äôt have any beans handy. I normally take 15 -
20+ minutes to eat dinner, when I cooked this I finished it in 4 minutes.
Delicious

5

  21. **Maria Dimitroulas** -- October 27, 2020 @ 8:08 pm  Reply

I made this tonight and it was delicious!!! The flavour was incredible!! Thank
you for the recipe. You are amazing and the recipe was a masterpiece. I would
rate this 10 Stars ‚≠êÔ∏è!! Definitely a keeper and a winner for sure. I can go on
and on believe me! Hubby loved it too and couldn‚Äôt stop shoving it in his
mouth!!

5

  22. **Margaret** -- December 12, 2020 @ 8:19 pm  Reply

Thanks for the recipe! I thought it‚Äôd be a messy operation but it went very
smoothly and my family was impressed with the huge pan full of noodles that we
would have to get in a restaurant.

5

  23. **Debi Madrigal** -- December 20, 2020 @ 12:08 pm  Reply

Looks super good, can't wait to try it..

  24. **Matt** -- January 20, 2021 @ 4:35 pm  Reply

Thanks for posting this recipe. I‚Äôd done similar in the past but your method
proved superior and I was happier with this than any other I‚Äôve tried. Holy
sh**, it is good.

5

  25. **NingNomaNingNong** -- July 9, 2021 @ 12:29 am  Reply

I doubled this and it was too salty. :'( (My family said there wasn't much
sauce on the last batch) Should I have lowered the Soy Sauce or Salt? Cheers

*tear rolls down cheek while sitting on a hill watching the sunset, contemplating my failure*

    * **Marzia** -- July 11, 2021 @ 11:21 am  Reply

Hi there! Sorry to hear your double batch came out salty! Did you happen to
use low sodium soy sauce or regular soy sauce? I always like to suggest trying
the recipe once as written (so that you know what the recipe is supposed to
taste like) before doubling or tripling the batch. For next time, you can try
omitting or using less salt if you happen to use regular soy sauce! Hope that
helps.

  26. **Kristen Nanna** -- September 11, 2021 @ 7:38 pm  Reply

Is the sugar added to mellow out the flavor of the sesame oil? I would like to
try using less sugar. Do you think that would work in this recipe?

  27. **Roger S** -- September 17, 2021 @ 4:54 am  Reply

I have made this recipe a few times just following the instructions. It's
really nice. Well done and thanks Marzia.

5

  28. **Riva** -- June 16, 2022 @ 9:08 pm  Reply

My family enjoyed this recipe. I used fresh canton noodles and added chicken
and shrimp. Will definitely be making again!

##  _Welcome!_ Hi, I'm Marzia!

I'm Marzia: A wife, a nutritionist, a food lover, and a coffee addict. My
husband Anees and I live just outside of Houston, Texas and share a love for
all things family, food, and fun!

More About Me __

____________

##  _Free email bonus_ 5 Secrets to Skillet Success!

Tips, techniques & recipes to master skillet cooking like a pro.

Sign Up __

## Search Recipes

__Submit

##  _Free email bonus_ 5 Secrets to Skillet Success!

Tips, techniques & recipes to master skillet cooking like a pro.

Sign Up __

Strawberry Watermelon Feta Salad! Ingredients: 3

Here‚Äôs how I keep my cilantro fresh for two week

SALAD E SHIRAZI (AKA SHIRAZI SALAD) The BEST Shir

WHITE TRUFFLE GARLIC BREAD! Ingredients: 1 (16-ou

Texas Cowboy Caviar! Ingredients listed below, f

SUMMER‚ÄôS BEST ZUCCHINI BREAD INGREDIENTS: 1 ¬æ

5 days in beautiful Santorini! We stayed at the @

Crunchy, flavorful, colorful, and it‚Äôs got every

Follow Me

  * ^ Back to Top
  * Home
  * FAQ
  * About
  * Contact
  * Recipe Index
  * Resources
  * Privacy

**(C) 2022 Little Spice Jar**. _Design by_ Purr.

Skip to Recipe

**5 ONE-POT DINNERS EVERYONE LOVES ‚ù§Ô∏è**

**FREE EMAIL BONUS**

YES, I WANT THIS

No fuss, easy clean-up, fast & delicious meals!

