https://christieathome.com/blog/cantonese-soy-sauce-chow-mein/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * Asian Recipes
    * By Region
      * Chinese
      * Filipino
      * Indonesian
      * Japanese
      * Korean
      * Malaysian
      * Singaporean
      * Taiwanese
      * Thai
      * Vietnamese
    * By Course
      * Mains
      * Breakfast
      * Dessert
      * Appetizers/Sides
      * Beverages
      * Snacks
  * Shop
  * Subscribe
  * ABOUT
    * Work with Me
  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Asian Recipes
  * Shop
  * About
  * Newsletter Subscription
  * Work with Me

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

Ã—

Home Â» Recipes Â» Appetizers/Sides Â» Cantonese Soy Sauce Chow Mein

# Cantonese Soy Sauce Chow Mein

Last Modified: July 4, 2022 \- Published by: christieathome \- Comments: 10
Comments

Jump to Recipe Jump to Video Print Recipe

Cantonese Soy Sauce Chow Mein. Chow mein noodles pan fried with onions, bean
sprouts, soy sauce and sesame oil. Ready in 15 minutes with minimal
ingredients!

## Popular Chinese Dish

These Cantonese style pan fried noodles are a popular Chinese side dish often
served at restaurants, Chinese takeaway or for dim sum. It pairs well with
your favourite protein of choice and veggies because itâ€™s so simple and
versatile. You can also have these Chinese fried noodles for lunch or dinner.

## What are Cantonese fried noodles?

They are steamed chow mein noodles pan fried in some oil along with green
onions, yellow onions, bean sprouts and lightly coated in soy sauce with
sesame oil and seeds.

## Easy Soy Sauce Chow Mein Recipe

My Cantonese soy sauce pan-fried noodles recipe is easy to make at home! You
are steaming the noodles for 5 minutes. After that, toss in the aromatics,
then noodles and seasoning - mixing it all together. Finally, mix in the bean
sprouts. Itâ€™s such a simple Asian dish anyone can make.

## What Youâ€™ll Need

The below ingredients are required for these Cantonese soy sauce fried
noodles. **Please scroll down to the below Recipe card for full measurements**
:

  * steamed Cantonese chow mein noodles
  * bean sprouts
  * green onion
  * yellow onion
  * regular soy sauce
  * dark soy sauce
  * sesame oil
  * vegetable oil
  * sesame seeds

## How to Make Cantonese Pan Fried Noodles

Below are visuals to show you how to make my easy soy sauce chow mein.
**Please scroll down to the recipe card below to find full instructions and
details.**

## Cooking Tips

Below are tips on making Cantonese chow mein pan fried noodles:

### Do not boil the noodles

It is best to steam the noodles and not to boil them. As a result, boiling can
cause soggy noodles. Furthermore, the water adds additional moisture to the
noodles which isnâ€™t needed.

### Prepare all your ingredients ahead of time

The cooking process for these Cantonese noodles recipe will be super quick
(only 5 minutes in the wok). Therefore, it's best to have all your ingredients
lined up and ready to toss into the pan.

### Thinly slice onions and green onions

This allows the aromatics to incorporate into the noodles more easily. See
below recipe card for dimensions.

### Wash the bean sprouts well

A few washes will help remove any odor. Make sure you use fresh bean sprouts.
If you use bean sprouts that are older, it emits a funky smell.

## FAQ

Below are frequently asked questions about this Hong Kong style Cantonese pan
fried noodles recipe:

### What kind of noodles should I use?

Cantonese steamed chow mein noodles.

### Where can I find these noodles?

Most Asian grocers will carry them in the fresh noodle section or freezer
section.

### What kind of soy sauce should I use?

Regular soy sauce and dark soy sauce. You can find these at the Asian grocer
in the sauce aisle.

### Can I substitute the soy sauce with a gluten free version?

Coconut aminos or tamari sauce are great substitutes. However, please add
these seasonings to taste.

### Can I use soybean sprouts?

Yes, soybean sprouts will work. However, they have a large bean attached to
the sprout which offers a slight soy-like sauce.

### What are Cantonese noodles made of?

Wheat flour, egg and water.

## Other recipes you may like!

If you enjoyed my Cantonese soy sauce noodles recipe, you may enjoy these
other recipes:

Chicken Shrimp Chow Mein  
Chicken Tofu Vegetable Chow Mein  
Chinese Lo Mein  
Cantonese Vegetable Chow Mein  
Chinese Veggie Lo Mein  
Tofu Vegetable Chow Mein

In conclusion, I hope you give my Cantonese Soy Sauce Chow Mein a try and
enjoy it!

If you enjoyed my soy sauce noodle recipe, please share it with your family
and friends or on social media! Take a picture of your re-creation and **make
sure to tag me @ChristieAtHome**  in your feed or stories as I would love to
see it!

Christie

_*This post contains affiliate links. As an Amazon Associate, I earn from
qualifying purchases._

## Easy Cantonese Soy Sauce Chow Mein

christieathome

Cantonese Soy Sauce Chow Mein. Chow mein noodles pan fried with onions, bean
sprouts, soy sauce and sesame oil. Ready in 15 minutes with minimal
ingredients!

5 from 4 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

Prep Time 5 mins

Cook Time 10 mins

Total Time 15 mins

Course dinner, lunch

Cuisine Chinese

Servings 4

Calories 487 kcal

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * 425 grams Cantonese Steamed Chow Mein Noodles
  * 200 grams mung bean sprouts washed and strained thoroughly
  * 1 medium size yellow onion sliced thinly
  * 3 stalks  green onion sliced into 1-inch-long pieces
  * 2 tbsp regular soy sauce not light or dark!
  * 2 tbsp dark soy sauce
  * 2 tbsp sesame oil
  * 2 tbsp avocado oil or any neutral tasting oil
  * 2 tsp sesame seeds

### Instructions



  * Slice your green and yellow onion into thin pieces as specified above. 

  * In a large wok or steamer, fill it with enough water. Place a wired rack into the steamer and your plate of chow mein noodles on top of the wired rack. Cover and steam the noodles over high heat for 5 minutes.

  * Remove the wired rack and clean out the wok of itâ€™s liquids. Set it over medium high heat. Wait for it to smoke. (If youâ€™re using a non-stick pan, set the pan over medium heat and skip any smoking parts). 

  * Add oil and allow it smoke. Add yellow onions and cook until translucent. Lower heat to medium. 

  * Add green onions and give it a mix for 5 seconds.

  * Add steamed noodles, regular soy sauce, dark soy sauce and sesame oil. Mix well.

  * Toss in bean sprouts until well combined with noodles. 

  * Sprinkle sesame seeds over top. Serve & enjoy!

NOTES

Enjoyed my recipe?Please leave a 5 star review (be kind)! Tag me on social
media @christieathome as I'd love to see your creations!

###

Suggested Equipment & Products

Wok

Non-stick wok

Measuring Set

Cutting Board

Small wire rack

Santoku Knife

Keyword cantonese chow mein, cantonese chow mein pan fried noodles, cantonese
lo mein, cantonese noodles, cantonese pan fried noodles, cantonese pan fried
noodles recipe, cantonese soy sauce fried noodles, cantonese soy sauce noodles
recipe, cantonese soy sauce pan-fried noodles, cantonese soy sauce pan-fried
noodles recipe, cantonese style pan fried noodles, hong kong noodles, hong
kong style cantonese pan fried noodles, hong kong style noodles, how to make
cantonese pan fried noodles, noodles with soy sauce and sesame oil, pan fried
noodles recipe, supreme soy sauce recipe

###### Nutrition

Calories: 487kcal | Carbohydrates: 81g | Protein: 19g | Fat: 10g | Saturated
Fat: 1g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 3g | Monounsaturated Fat: 3g | Sodium: 1675mg |
Potassium: 182mg | Fiber: 8g | Sugar: 6g | Vitamin A: 101IU | Vitamin C: 10mg
| Calcium: 33mg | Iron: 5mg

Â« Korean Cucumber Salad

Chinese Beef and Broccoli Â»

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Caleb - Never Ending Journeys

August 03, 2021 at 7:35 pm

Chow Mein is one of my favorite meals, but I've never tried it with Soy Sauce.
Thanks so much for this great idea!

Reply

  2. Michelle

August 03, 2021 at 10:09 pm

  
Looks delicious, such a classic Chinese dish!

Reply

  3. Tasia ~ two sugar bugs

August 08, 2021 at 2:46 pm

  
The noodles look perfectly sauced!

Reply

  4. Rosemary

August 21, 2021 at 2:43 pm

  
this soy sauce chow mein is EXACTLY what I have been craving!! I just bought
light & dark soy sauce, so this is what I'm making this weekend!

Reply

  5. Audrey

November 22, 2021 at 7:00 pm

I am new to cooking Chinese food. What noodles do I purchase for this recipe?
Are these chow mein noodles the dry, crisp ones?

Reply

    * christieathome

November 23, 2021 at 11:08 am

You are looking for "Steamed Chow Mein Noodles" on the package. These noodles
are made of egg, flour and water. When deep fried in oil they do become the
dry crispy ones.

Reply

  6. Kayla

December 16, 2021 at 3:26 pm

I cannot find steamed chow mein noodles anywhere just regular egg noodles and
stir fry noodles. Any suggestions?

Reply

    * christieathome

December 20, 2021 at 1:56 pm

I would suggest using the stir fry noodles in your case.

Reply

  7. Rachel W

April 29, 2022 at 7:55 am

  
The best!!!! I tried making this for the family last night - I only adjusted
recipe by adding in shredded green cabbage to the mix! Was exactly like the
dish at my favorite restaurant from when I was younger!!! SO GOOD! Great
recipe! Thank you ðŸ™‚

Reply

    * christieathome

April 29, 2022 at 12:27 pm

Thank you for making my recipe Rachel! I'm so glad you enjoyed it and great
idea to add some shredded cabbage ðŸ™‚ Have a lovely day!

Reply

### Enjoyed my recipe? Leave a rated review! Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Î”

## Primary Sidebar

**Hello! My name is Christie.** I enjoy sharing Asian recipes from around the
world. So that you can make them from the comfort of your own home. In my
spare time, I enjoy spending it with my wonderful husband and two pups.

More about me â†’

## Footer

### Follow Me

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

## Footer

â†‘ back to top

### Home

  * Home
  * Asian Recipes
  * Shop
  * Privacy Policy

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up!

### Contact

  * About
  * Work with Me

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright Â© 2021 **Christie at Home**

