https://www.errenskitchen.com/perfect-chinese-noodles/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to footer navigation
  * Skip to privacy navigation
  * Skip to secondary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

Erren's Kitchen

Food you'll crave - From scratch

Main Menu

Display Search Bar

Search Recipes...

  * Home
  * Videos
  * Recipes
    * Course
      * Breakfast
      * Appetizer
      * Lunch
      * Dinner
      * Side
      * Dessert
      * Drinks
    * Type
      * Quick and Easy
      * Pasta
      * Soups
      * Salads & Dressings
      * Rice Dishes
      * Comfort Food
    * Meat
      * Chicken Dishes
      * Seafood
      * Beef, Pork, & Lamb
      * Vegetarian
    * Cuisine
      * Asian Food
      * Italian Food
    * All Recipes
  * Conversions
    * US Sticks of Butter Conversion Charts
    * Basic ounces to grams weight conversions
    * Oven Temperature Conversions
    * Butter in the US and the Rest of the World
    * Teaspoons, Tablespoons & Dessertspoons
    * US Cups to ounces & grams for common ingredients
    * Basic Volume Conversions
  * Shop
  * About Erren
    * Meet Erren
    * Collaborate
    * Life Stories
    * Contact
  * Trending: Easy Recipes

  *   * 

  * Specialties:
  * Quick and Easy
  * Italian
  * Chicken
  * Better Than Takeout!
  * Desserts
  * Search Recipes...

Home / Mains / Perfect Chinese Noodles {Lo Mein}

# Perfect Chinese Noodles {Lo Mein}

Make a better than takeout version of Classic Chinese Lo Mein with authentic
ingredients that can be thrown together in no time flat!

Recipe Video Print  Share

###### Share on:

  *   *   * 

Total Time: 15 minutes

Serves: 4 servings

Author:Erren HartPublished:2/11/2019Last Updated:12/09/2020

This post may contain affiliate links. Read our disclosure policy.

This recipe for Perfect Chinese Noodles {Lo Mein} is an example of how you
make your own delicious, healthy and fresh Chinese meal right in your own
kitchen.

_Serve with HomemadeChinese Chicken and Broccoli or Chicken and Chinese
Mushrooms for an amazing Chinese dinner right in your own kitchen!_

**Take out Chinese noodles can so often be greasy, soggy and unhealthy.**
Make this recipe at home and have C _hinese noodles tossed in an authentic
savory sauce - A better than a takeout recipe that's ready in less than 30
minutes!_

You won't believe how easy it is to make Perfect Chinese Noodles at home in
your kitchen!

## Make This Recipe Your Own

For this recipe, you can use almost any vegetable and/or protein combination
you want.

**Vegetable Ideas:**  Pre-packed stir-fry vegetable bags, bok choy, mushrooms,
bell pepper, carrots, snow peas, onions, cabbage, broccoli.

**Protein Ideas:** Chicken, shrimp, eggs, beef, pork, tofu.

This dish can easily be turned into a vegetarian meal by adding steamed
broccoli instead of the cooked meat.

## Which Noodles

**Any noodle you like can be used in a stir-fry.** I like regular Chinese egg
noodles, but you can use rice noodles, soba, udon, or even spaghetti or
vermicelli (I won't tell).

**You can also use dried noodles or fresh noodles.** This is a quick and easy
dinner, so use what you have and don't feel like you must stick to the recipe
exactly.  
**Cook your noodles so that they are al dente with some bite.** For most
noodles, this means cooking just a few minutes in boiling water, but thinner
noodles, like may just need to be soaked.  
The trick to perfect noodle stir-fry is to cook the noodles until they are al
dente or just slightly undercooked and then when drained, rinse them with cold
water to stop the cooking process.  
Doing it this way will prevent the noodles from getting overcooked and soggy
when you add them to the stir-fry.

## Lo Mein Vs Chow Mein

The noodles in Lo Mein and Chow Mein are about the same, both use egg noodles,
but Lo Mein noodles are sometimes thicker.

A traditional Chow Mein has boiled noodles that are stir-fried until slightly
crisped, while Lo Mein is boiled then tossed in a sauce without cooking the
noodles in the Wok.

## **How to Make  Perfect Chinese Noodles**

Cook the noodles a little less than stated on the package instructions (until
just underdone).

Drain and rinse with cold water and set aside.

Heat the oil in the wok over a high heat. Once hot, add the garlic and ginger.

Stir-fry for 30 seconds before adding the green onions and stir-fry
vegetables. Stir-fry for 2-3 minutes.  Add the sherry and allow to almost
evaporate before adding any meat you are using, and cooked noodles. Toss so
that all of the ingredients are combined. Turn the heat down to medium and add
both of the soy sauces, oyster sauce, and pepper.  Stir-fry for a further 1-2
mins before adding the remaining green onions, then toss to combine and serve.

**Other Stir-Fry Recipes You 'll Love**

  * Chinese Chicken and Broccoli
  * Honey Glazed Salmon
  * Chicken and Chinese Mushrooms
  * Chinese Noodle Soup
  * Best Ever Fried Rice

## Cook's Tips:

  * _**The trick to the perfect noodle stir-fry** is to cook the noodles until they are al dente or just slightly undercooked and then rinse them with cold water to stop the cooking process.  _
  * _**Noodles stir-fry better** if you shake them after draining until dry as possible. They shouldn't be wet to the touch. _
  * _**To keep your noodles from sticking** before adding to the wok, add them back to their pot after draining and toss them with a little sesame oil or cooking oil._
  * _**Prepare your ingredients before heating the wok.   **When stir-frying things move quickly. Have everything ready before you start._
  * _**Set the heat to high.**  Heat your wok before adding the oil.  This step will help prevent food from sticking to the pan._
  * _**Once the oil is added,**  spread it around the pan to coat well. Choose an oil with a high smoke point. _

## Stay Updated

Receive new recipes & dinner ideas straight to your inbox!

Enter your email

##  Let's Make  Perfect Chinese Noodles {Lo Mein}

Make a better than takeout version of Classic Chinese Lo Mein with authentic
ingredients that can be thrown together in no time flat!

4.96 from 21 votes

Prep5 minutes

Cook10 minutes

Total15 minutes

Serves: 4 servings

Print

  * Pinterest

Rate Share

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 1 lb Chinese noodles of your choice
  * ▢ 2 tbsp vegetable oil
  * ▢ 2 garlic cloves peeled and thinly sliced
  * ▢ ½ inch piece fresh ginger grated
  * ▢ 3 green onions sliced into thin rounds
  * ▢ 1 8 ounce package of fresh stir-fry vegetables
  * ▢ 3 tablespoons dry sherry
  * ▢ 1 cup cooked meat of your choice cut into bite-size(optional)
  * ▢ 2 tablespoons low sodium light soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon low sodium dark soy sauce
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon oyster sauce optional
  * ▢ Ground black or white pepper to taste

Cups \- Metric

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Instructions

  * Cook the noodles a little less than stated on the package instructions (until just underdone), then drain, rinse with cold water and set aside.

  * Heat the oil in the wok over a high heat. Once hot, add the garlic, ginger, and green on onions. Stir-fry for 30 secs.

  * Add the stir-fry vegetables. Stir-fry for 2-3 minutes.  

  * Add the sherry and allow to almost evaporate before adding any meat you are using and cooked noodles. Toss so that all of the ingredients are combined.

  * Turn the heat down to medium and add both of the soy sauces, oyster sauce, and pepper.  Stir-fry for a further 1-2 then toss to combine and serve.

### Tips + Notes

  * _**The trick to the perfect noodle stir-fry** is to cook the noodles until they are al dente or just slightly undercooked and then rinse them with cold water to stop the cooking process.  _
  * _**Noodles stir-fry better** if you shake them after draining until dry as possible. They shouldn't be wet to the touch. _
  * _**To keep your noodles from sticking** before adding to the wok, add them back to their pot after draining and toss them with a little sesame oil or cooking oil._
  * _**Prepare your ingredients before heating the wok.   **When stir-frying, things move quickly. Have everything ready before you start._
  * _**Set the heat to high.**  Heat your wok before adding the oil.  This step will help prevent food sticking to the pan._
  * _**Once the oil is added,**  spread it around the pan to coat well. Choose an oil with a high smoke point._

### Nutrition Information:

Calories: 496kcal (25%)| Carbohydrates: 97g (32%)| Protein: 5g (10%)| Fat: 7g
(11%)| Saturated Fat: 5g (31%)| Sodium: 1085mg (47%)| Potassium: 87mg (2%)|
Fiber: 2g (8%)| Vitamin A: 100IU (2%)| Vitamin C: 2.1mg (3%)| Calcium: 30mg
(3%)| Iron: 1.2mg (7%)

Nutritional Data Disclaimer

Erren's Kitchen is written and produced for informational intentions only. We
are not certified nutritionists, and the nutritional information found on this
site has not been assessed or authorized by a nutritionist or the FDA. **The
nutritional information found in our recipes is offered as an estimate and
should not be considered a guarantee or fact.** The estimated data is provided
as a courtesy and calculated through a third-party online nutritional
calculator, spoonacular API. Although we do our best to provide accurate
nutritional information, these figures should be considered rough estimates.
Many factors, such as brands or products purchased and the nutritional
fluctuations that naturally occur in fresh produce, can alter the
effectiveness of the nutritional information in any recipe. Furthermore,
various online calculators provide different results depending on their
particular algorithms and nutrition fact sources. **To obtain the most precise
nutritional information in a provided recipe, you should calculate the
nutritional information with the exact ingredients you are using when
preparing the recipe using your preferred nutrition calculator.**

Author:Erren Hart

Course:Main

Cuisine:Chinese

Keyword:Chinese Noodles Recipe, Chow Mein Recipe, Lo mein recipe

Follow Me on SocialMention @ErrensKitchen or tag #ErrensKitchen on Instagram

  *   *   *   * 

**Update Notes:  **This post was originally published on  **Jul 13, 2015** ,
but was republished with new photos, step by step instructions a video and
tips in February 2019.

  *   *   * 

### You May Also Like...

  * Sweet Chilli Chinese Sticky Chicken

  * Sticky Chinese Chicken

  * Chinese Chicken and Broccoli

  * Sweet Chilli Chinese Sticky Chicken

  *   *   * 

Up In The Air

Easy Homemade Tomato Sauce

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Review Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Rate this recipe: Rate this recipe:  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

  1. Daniel Beens says

Posted on 5/23 at 1:49AM

Its painfull to look at it and not eat it

Reply

  2. Florence says

Posted on 9/14 at 8:06AM

Made this recipe and was a hit. However meatballs got stucked on pan. Next
time will grease pan or use parchment paper. Thank you for wonderful
instructions

Reply

    * Erren's Kitchen says

Posted on 9/14 at 12:07PM

I'm glad you enjoyed it Florence 🙂

Reply

  3. Tasnim says

Posted on 8/15 at 11:46AM

can i replace the sherry with something else as i cant use alcohol for
religious reasons

Reply

    * Erren's Kitchen says

Posted on 8/16 at 2:15AM

Hi Tasnim, you can replace it with any kind of cooking vinegar, I hope this
helps 🙂

Reply

  4. Mary Alice Brown says

Posted on 6/3 at 10:39PM

This was excellent! The hardest part was finding light soy sauce! I tracked
some down in Wallmart in a neighboring city. It wasn't low sodium but it was
fine. It can also be ordered through
https://www.walmart.ca/search/light%20soy%20sauce#

Reply

    * Erren's Kitchen says

Posted on 6/5 at 1:30PM

That's awesome to know, thank you, Mary!

Reply

  5. Mary Alice Brown says

Posted on 6/3 at 10:32PM

This was excellent!

Reply

    * Erren's Kitchen says

Posted on 6/5 at 1:32PM

Thank you, Mary, and thank you for your amazing feedback!

Reply

Older Comments

## Primary Sidebar

### Follow on Social!

Don't forget to tag me on social @ErrensKitchen to be featured!

Featured On

## Recipes To Rely On - From My Kitchen To Yours

###  Recipe Index

Find the perfect food and drink ideas for any occasion.

###  Italian Recipes

From pasta and sauces to soup or risotto, find favorite Italian recipes
everyone will love!

###  Life Stories

Grab a cup of coffee and visit while Erren shares stories from life outside
the kitchen.

## Still hungry?

Subscribe to my Newsletter for all my latest recipes!

Enter your email

  * Meet Erren
  * Life Updates
  * Work With Me
  * Contact
  * Recipes
  * Dinner Ideas
  * Conversion Guide
  * Quick and Easy

  * Contact
  * Erren's Kitchen Privacy Policy
  * Disclaimer

(C) 2013-2022 * Site Credits

Back to Top

48.2K shares

  * 678
  *   * 47.5K

