https://www.greatbritishchefs.com/recipes/furikake-fish-finger-bao-recipe


|

  * Recipes 
    *       *         * Meat and Poultry
        * Beef
        * Chicken
        * Duck
        * Lamb
        * Pork
        * See more
        *         * Cakes and Baking
        * Easy cake
        * Loaf cake
        * Layer cake
        * Tarts
        * Pâtisserie
        * See more
      *         * Fish and Seafood
        * Cod
        * Prawn
        * Sea bass
        * Hake
        * Salmon
        * See more
        *         * Occasions
        * Dinner party
        * Breakfast
        * Party
        * Sunday roast
        * All-day brunch
      *         * Courses
        * Canapés
        * Starters
        * Mains
        * Sides
        * Desserts
        * Petits fours
        *         * Cuisine
        * Mexican
        * Italian
        * Indian
        * Thai
        * Chinese
        * French
      *         * Dish type
        * Curry
        * Soup
        * Pasta
        * Salad
        * One-pot
        * Stew
        *         * Everyday and easy
        * Midweek meal
        * Easy pie
        * Easy chicken
        * Easy vegan
        * Easy curry
        * See all easy recipes
      *         * Diets
        * Vegetarian
        * Vegan
        * Pescatarian
        * Gluten-free
        * Dairy-free
        * Low carb
        *         * Seasonal
        * Celeriac
        * Cauliflower
        * Kale
        * Rhubarb
        * Blood orange
        * Asparagus
    * ### After something else? Take a look at what's new and get inspired.

Latest Recipes

    *   * Chefs
  * How to Cook 
    *       *         * Meat and poultry
        * Chicken
        * Beef
        * Lamb
        * Pork
        * Duck
        * See all
        *         * Cakes and baking
        * Line a tart tin
        * Blind bake
        * Make macarons
        * Bake cakes
        * Make sweet pastry
        * Make biscuits
      *         * Fish and seafood
        * Monkfish
        * Haddock
        * Sea bass
        * Mackerel
        * Red mullet
        * See all
        *         * Sous vide
        * Sous vide meat
        * Sous vide fish
        * Sous vide vegetables
        * Sous vide fruit
        * Tips and tricks
        * See all
      *         * Vegetables
        * Beetroot
        * Butternut squash
        * Red cabbage
        * Sweet potato
        * Tomato
        * See all
        *         * Pickling
        * Pickle asparagus
        * Pickle mackerel
        * Pickle gooseberries
        * Pickle cucumber
        * Pickle red cabbage
        * See all
      *         * Knife skills
        * Butchery
        * Fish preparation
        * Vegetable preparation
        * Chiffonade
        * Sharpen a knife
        * See all
        *         * Chef tricks
        * Brining
        * Fish stock
        * Rib-eye steak
        * Chorizo crisps
        * Pomme purée
        * Crispy chicken skin
    * ### Can't see what you're looking for? Browse our collection of cooking guides.

View All

    *   * Features
  * Competitions

  * 

  * Recipes
  * Chefs
  * How to Cook
  * Features
  * Competitions
  * 

Recipes

  * Meat and Poultry
  * Fish and Seafood
  * Courses
  * Dish type
  * Diets
  * Cakes and Baking
  * Occasions
  * Cuisine
  * Everyday and easy
  * Seasonal

Meat and Poultry

  * Beef
  * Chicken
  * Duck
  * Lamb
  * Pork
  * See more

Fish and Seafood

  * Cod
  * Prawn
  * Sea bass
  * Hake
  * Salmon
  * See more

Courses

  * Canapes
  * Starters
  * Mains
  * Sides
  * Desserts
  * Petits fours

Dish type

  * Curry
  * Soup
  * Pasta
  * Salad
  * One-pot
  * Stew

Diets

  * Vegetarian
  * Vegan
  * Pescatarian
  * Gluten-free
  * Dairy-free
  * Low carb

Cakes and Baking

  * Easy cake
  * Loaf cake
  * Layer cake
  * Tarts
  * Patisserie
  * See more

Occasions

  * Dinner party
  * Breakfast
  * Party
  * Sunday roast
  * All-day brunch

Cuisine

  * Mexican
  * Italian
  * Indian
  * Thai
  * Chinese
  * French

Everyday and easy

  * Midweek meal
  * Easy pie
  * Easy chicken
  * Easy vegan
  * Easy curry
  * See all easy recipes

Seasonal

  * Celeriac
  * Cauliflower
  * Kale
  * Rhubarb
  * Blood orange
  * Asparagus

How to Cook

  * Meat and poultry
  * Fish and seafood
  * Vegetables
  * Knife skills
  * Cakes and baking
  * Sous vide
  * Pickling
  * Chef tricks

Meat and poultry

  * Chicken
  * Beef
  * Lamb
  * Pork
  * Duck
  * See all

Fish and seafood

  * Monkfish
  * Haddock
  * Sea bass
  * Mackerel
  * Red mullet
  * See all

Vegetables

  * Beetroot
  * Butternut squash
  * Red cabbage
  * Sweet potato
  * Tomato
  * See all

Knife skills

  * Butchery
  * Fish preparation
  * Vegetable preparation
  * Chiffonade
  * Sharpen a knife
  * See all

Cakes and baking

  * Line a tart tin
  * Blind bake
  * Make macarons
  * Bake cakes
  * Make sweet pastry
  * Make biscuits

Sous vide

  * Sous vide meat
  * Sous vide fish
  * Sous vide vegetables
  * Sous vide fruit
  * Tips and tricks
  * See all

Pickling

  * Pickle asparagus
  * Pickle mackerel
  * Pickle gooseberries
  * Pickle cucumber
  * Pickle red cabbage
  * See all

Chef tricks

  * Brining
  * Fish stock
  * Rib-eye steak
  * Chorizo crisps
  * Pomme puree
  * Crispy chicken skin

#  Furikake fish finger bao

by

Jeremy Pang

  * Main
  * easy
  * 4 
  * 60 minutes

PT1H

This fun and flavourful fish finger bao recipe is served with furikake
seasoning and a delicious homemade tartare sauce. Furikake is a Japanese
seasoning usually made from seaweed, and can be found in Asian supermarkets
(it's also easy to make at home). Follow Jeremy's bao dough recipe to make the
cute slider buns.

First published in 2018

Discover more:

  * Tartare sauce Recipes

Share recipe

###  Related recipes

###  Related recipes

Black pepper glazed short rib bao

by Jeremy Pang

Bao dough

by Jeremy Pang

Steamed bao buns

by Sally Abe

Gua Bao (Taiwanese pork buns)

by Nisha Thomas

Gluten-free steamed buns

by Victoria Glass

##  Ingredients

print recipe

shopping List

### Metric

### Imperial

#### Tartare sauce

  * 2  hard-boiled eggs
  * 1/4  white onion
  * 4 gherkins
  * 3 tbsp of Kewpie mayonnaise
  * salt to taste
  * pepper to taste

#### Bao

  * 1/2 batch of proved bao dough
  * vegetable oil

#### Furikake panko fish fingers

  * 300g of  white fish, firm, e.g. cod or hake, cut into 5cm chunks
  * 100g of seasoned flour
  * 1  large egg, beaten
  * 200g of Panko breadcrumbs
  * 60g of  furikake seasoning
  * mixed salad leaves

print recipe

shopping List

## Equipment

  * Deep-fryer 
  * Bamboo steamer 
  * Rolling pin 
  * Pastry brush 

##  Method

print recipe

1

To begin, make the tartare sauce. Finely chop the eggs, onions and gherkins
and place them in a mixing bowl. Add the mayonnaise and mix everything well.
Season to taste and reserve in the fridge

  * pepper to taste
  * 2 eggs, hardboiled
  * 1/4 white onion
  * 4 gherkins
  * 3 tbsp of Kewpie mayonnaise
  * salt to taste

2

Next, make the burger shaped bao buns. Roll the dough into a long cylinder and
slice the cylinder into roughly 3–4cm pieces. Roll each piece in your hands to
form a smooth ball. Take one of the balls of dough and press down firmly onto
it with the palm of your hand to form a flattened circle. Brush with a little
dab of vegetable oil, then place a second ball of dough on top

  * 1/2 batch of proved bao dough
  * vegetable oil

3

Slightly cup your hand and press down to form the two halves of your burger
bun shape, the bottom bun being flat and the top being domed. Repeat until all
the dough has been used. Once you have made all the bao, cover with a damp
cloth and set aside to rest for 15–20 minutes

4

While the buns are rising, bread your fish. Set up a preparation station.
Place the seasoned flour, beaten egg and breadcrumbs in separate bowls, lined
up with a clean plate at the end. Coat the fish pieces in flour, then dip in
the egg, and finally the breadcrumbs, setting them on the clean plate

  * 200g of Panko breadcrumbs
  * 300g of white fish, firm, e.g. cod or hake, cut into 5cm chunks
  * 100g of seasoned flour
  * 1 large egg, beaten

5

Place the buns in a lined bamboo steamer and fill a wok one third of the way
with boiling water. Place the steamer into the wok and cover. Leave to steam
for 10–12 minutes, making sure not to lift the lid

6

Next preheat a deep-fryer to 180°C. You can also use a wok or large pot,
filled no more than halfway with oil. To check the temperature of the oil, dip
in the tip of a wooden chopstick or skewer, it should start to fizz after a
second in the oil

7

Carefully add the breaded fish and deep-fry until golden brown, about 5–6
minutes. Remove the pieces carefully with a slotted spoon and drain well on
kitchen paper. Sprinkle the furikake over the fish

8

To serve, place some salad leaves in the buns, followed by the fish and a
dollop of tartare sauce. Place the lid on top and use a skewer to keep
everything in place

  * mixed salad leaves

First published in 2018

Discover more:

  * Tartare sauce Recipes

Share recipe

}

Jeremy Pang

School of Wok founder, author and TV chef Jeremy Pang comes from three
generations of Chinese chefs. Being surrounded by food connoisseurs, Jeremy
developed his passion for food and soon realised the importance and
correlation between basic cooking skills and eating well.

### You may also like

Jeremy Pang

Contributor Profile

Bao

Recipe Collection

Take a bao: the steamed buns of China

by Tom Shingler

Gluten-free steamed buns

by Victoria Glass

Black pepper glazed short rib bao

by Jeremy Pang

Gua Bao (Taiwanese pork buns)

by Nisha Thomas

Bao dough

by Jeremy Pang

Steamed bao buns

by Sally Abe

Southern-fried chicken bao with creamed corn and hot sauce

by GBC Kitchen

Chocolate-filled bao

by Jeremy Pang

### NAVIGATE

  * Home 
  * Recipes 
  * Michelin star results 2022 
  * Chefs 
  * Restaurant map 
  * Ingredients 
  * Recipe collections 
  * Features 
  * How to cook 
  * Competitions 

### NEWSLETTER

### Sign up to our newsletter now

### FOLLOW

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

### SITES

### INFORMATION

  * Contact 
  * Work with us 
  * Insights and consultancy 
  * Great British Chefs shop 
  * Great British Chefs x TheFoodMarket.com 
  * Join our Great British Chefs Cookbook Club 
  * FAQs 
  * About us 
  * Jobs 
  * Contributors 
  * Photography 
  * Policies 
  * T's and C's 

### FOLLOW

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

(C) Great British Chefs 2022

CREATE AN ACCOUNT

Get Notifications

Manage Cookies

