https://www.vogue.in/vogue-cookbook/collection/how-to-make-char-siu-bao-recipe-from-the-fatty-bao-bengaluru-menu/amp/


  * Home
  * Vogue Cookbook

# How to make Char Siu Bao from The Fatty Bao Bengaluru's menu

  * by Prashanth Puttaswamy

Sep 23, 2020 | 10:00:39 IST

These snowy, steamy pull-apart buns boast rich flavours of barbecued pork,
topped with a sweet-savoury sauce. Try the recipe out in your kitchen now

  *   *   *   *   * 

Image: This open bao with rich, pulled pork topped with flavourful barbecue
sauces is perfect for an elaborate snack break. Image:
Instagram.com/thefattybaomum

Total Time

55 mins

Prep Time

20 mins

Cook Time

35 mins

Servings

2

Cuisine

Chinese

Diet

Non-vegetarian

Meal

Appetiser

When The Fatty Bao opened in 2014 in Bengaluru’s hip Indiranagar, it brought
to us pillowy steamed buns that chef David Chang first put on the global
culinary radar. “As a dish, baos are so layered with the complexity of the
pork, miso and togarashi  
together—we were confident their time had come,” says executive chef Prashanth
Puttaswamy. The char siu bao here relies on the quality of meat, which is
imported from a piggery in Sri Lanka, while the miso is own in from Japan.
Though the team didn’t travel through Asia to chase an authentic recipe, it is
the culmination of several years of travel through the region that comes alive
in these buns.

 _-Compiled by Sonal Ved_

## Ingredients

2gm yeast60ml water100gm flour15gm sugar5mg milk powder1gm baking powderPinch
of saltTo grease, oil100gm pork belly1.5 tbsp hoisin sauce1 tsp five-spice
powder1 tsp, minced garlic1 tsp, minced ginger1/2 tsp soy sauce1/4 tsp honey1
tsp sake1 tsp sesame oilFor garnish, sliced spring onionFor garnish,
lettuceFor garnish, kimchiFor garnish, sliced green appleFor garnish, shichimi
togarashi

## Recipe Instructions

##

1\. In a bowl, mix the yeast and water. Add our, sugar, milk powder, salt and
baking powder to this and knead into a ball.

##

2\. Grease and cover the dough with a dry towel and keep in a warm place until
it doubles.

##

3\. Punch and roll it into a pipe and cut it into two equal pieces. Flatten
the pieces and roll out into an oval shape.

##

4\. Grease and fold the oval over onto itself to form the bun pocket. Cover
and allow it to rest for 30 minutes. Steam for eight minutes.

##

5\. Separately, marinate pork in hoisin sauce, sesame oil, ginger and garlic,
honey, ve-spice powder, sake, soy sauce and salt. Refrigerate for four hours.

##

6\. Preheat the oven to 180°C and cook the pork for 20 to 25 minutes. Let it
cool for 10 minutes, and then slice it thin.

## Assembling the bao

1\. Place a lettuce leaf inside the bao, then add kimchi, green apple and
pork.

##

2\. Top with extra hoisin sauce, spring onions and sprinkle with shichimi
togarashi.

**In this story**

  * food
  * recipe

## Recipes You Might Like

From meen moilee to fish caldeen: 4 seafood recipes that are a must-try for
all lovers of coastal food

Love seafood? This unique menu brings together diverse seafood preparations
from different parts of coastal India

Machha bhaja is your quick fix for those mid-work snack cravings

This Odia delicacy is the spicy-crispy tea-time appetiser you can whip up
within a flat 30 minutes

Need a sweet and tangy update to your menu? Try this Goan fish caldine

This mild-flavored coconut-based fish curry is best complemented by a side of
steamed rice

Spicy food lovers—you need to try meen moilee, a Kerala-style fish curry

Vogue

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Twitter
  * Youtube
  * Flipboard
  * Pinterest

0Condé Nast

International

    * Terms of Service
    * Contact
    * Careers
    * Advertising
    * Newsletter
    * Subscribe
    * Cookie preferences

(C) 2022 Condé Nast

