https://mariasmenu.com/chicken/burmese-khow-suey-curried-noodle-soup


Skip to content

[ ADVERTISEMENT ]

MENU

  * KERALA RECIPES
  * BROWSE
    * ABOUT KERALA
    * READER BUZZ
    * START YOUR FOOD BLOG
    * SHOP
    * ADVERTISE
    * CONVERSIONS
    * FAQ
    * CONTACT
    * RECIPE CLUB ($10)
    * BUY EBOOK
  * ABOUT
  * JOIN US!
  *   * 

MENU

  * KERALA RECIPES
  * BROWSE
    * ABOUT KERALA
    * READER BUZZ
    * START YOUR FOOD BLOG
    * SHOP
    * ADVERTISE
    * CONVERSIONS
    * FAQ
    * CONTACT
    * RECIPE CLUB ($10)
    * BUY EBOOK
  * ABOUT
  * JOIN US!
  *   * 

  * Save 

# Burmese Khow Suey (Curried Noodle Soup)

February 10, 2022

Sharing Is Caring! If you liked this, share this with your friends & family...

19 Shares

  * __ Facebook
  * __ Twitter
  * __ Pinterest
  * __

Usually, when I crave outside food, it's either snacks or salads. I know it's
a weird combo! Very rarely though I crave a burger. Apart from that I usually
don't have any main dishes when we eat outside.

This Burmese Khow Suey (curried noodle soup) is an exception! I first had this
dish at an acquaintance's place in Thailand. Though I loved the taste of the
dish, I couldn't quite enjoy it. After that, I always used to look out for
this dish when we went to Asian restaurants, and finally, I discovered it in
one of our fav eat-outs in Bahrain!

Now that we are back home and eating out is still kinda nonexistent I decided
to try this dish at home and here I am!

  * Save 

Let me tell you about this dish… it's a Burmese Chicken Noodle soup kinda
dish. It has all my fav things like coconut milk, curry flavor, roasted
peanuts, fried shallots, and garlic and there are noodles.

Though the ingredient list and instructions look a bit lengthier, it's an easy
one and comes together pretty quickly. Also, you don't need any fancy
ingredients for this.

Do try it out and let me know how you like it?

Recipe adapted from here

Here is the recipe…

  * Save 

## Burmese Khow Suey (Curried Noodle Soup)

Print Pin

Author: Maria Jose Martin

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 200 - 250 grams Chicken cut to bite-size pieces (refer notes)
  * ▢ 150 grams Egg noodles (I used Egg Hakka Noodles)
  * ▢ 1/4 cup Peled pearl onions/shallots  (sliced)
  * ▢ 1/8 cup Peeled garlic, sliced (I used small Indian variety)
  * ▢ 2 Green chillies
  * ▢ 1/4 tsp Whole black pepper
  * ▢ 1 - 1.5 tsp Chopped ginger
  * ▢ 1 - 1.5 cups coconut milk (I used thick coconut milk)
  * ▢ 1/2 teaspoon turmeric powder
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon Gram flour/besan
  * ▢ 2 - 3 sprigs Coriander leaves
  * ▢ 2 sprigs curry leaves
  * ▢ 1 stem spring onions
  * ▢ For Topping
  * ▢ 2 tbsp Chopped spring onion
  * ▢ 2 tbsp Chopped coriander leaves
  * ▢ 1 - 2 tbsp Roasted peanuts
  * ▢ 1 tbsp Red Chilli flakes
  * ▢ 1 tbsp Chilli oil
  * ▢ 1 wedge Lemon
  * ▢ Salt
  * ▢ 1 - 2  tbsp Oil (I used sunflower oil)

### Instructions

  * ▢

Cook the noodles as per package instructions and drain the water completely.
Drizzle some oil on top of the noodles and toss it lightly with a fork.

  * ▢

Crush together in a mortar and pestle (or pulse in a chopper) half of the
sliced pearl onions, half of the sliced garlic, chopped ginger, 1/4 tsp black
pepper, 1-2 green chillies and 2 sprigs of coriander leaves to an almost
smooth paste.

  * ▢

Heat 1 tbsp oil in a wide and deep pan. Fry half of the sliced garlic, till it
becomes golden brown. Transfer to a plate. Fry half of the sliced pearl onions
till it becomes golden brown, transfer to a plate.

  * ▢

Add more oil if required and add the ground paste and curry leaves to the pan.
Cook for 3-4 mins till the raw smell goes. Add cleaned chicken pieces. Mix
well.

  * ▢

Once the colour of the chicken starts changing add gram flour, turmeric
powder, and salt. Cook for 2-3 mins, till the besan is roasted well.

  * ▢

Add 1 cup of coconut milk, when it starts bubbling, reduce the flame to the
lowest and cook till chicken is done and the gravy is a little thick. (refer
notes)

  * ▢

To serve: Spoon chicken curry in a bowl, place some noodles on top of it.
Place all the ingredients listed under "topping" in small bowls. You can add
your fav toppings to the chicken noodle bowl.

### Notes

I used chicken supreme cut for this dish. You can use boneless/skinless
chicken breast or thighs. I recommend using thighs for more flavor.

I ended up using almost 1.5 cups of coconut milk since I prefer the dish to be
soupy.

I also used half of 1 maggie chicken cube for an added flavor. If you are
using it, add it along with gram flour. If using the chicken cube, please be
careful while adding salt.

Tried this recipe? Let others know by…mentioning @mariasmenu or tagging
#mariasmenu

  * Save 

Sharing Is Caring! If you liked this, share this with your friends & family...

19 Shares

  * __ Facebook
  * __ Twitter
  * __ Pinterest
  * __

### Have you tried these today?

  * Appetizer Round-Up For Christmas
  * The Ultimate Guide: How To Start Your Own Food Blog & Earn A…
  * Pulled Chicken Burger
  * Kerala Beef Fry

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Comment

Name Email Website

Δ

## TRENDING recipes now…

  * ABOUT MARIASMENU - Learn more about MariasMenu, Maria & Jose…
  * RECIPE (GALLERY) INDEX
  * RECIPE TIMELINE
  * BY CUISINE… __ __
    * Arabic Recipes
    * Kerala Recipes
    * Kerala Christian Recipes
    * Indo Chinese Recipes
    * North Indian Recipes
    * Indian Dessert Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * No Onion and No Garlic
  * BY INGREDIENT… __ __
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Duck Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Mutton Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Fish Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * Eggless Baking Recipes
    * Eggless Dessert Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes
    * Dal Recipes
    * Rice & Noodle Recipes
    * Paneer Recipes
    * Pasta Recipes
    * Fruit Recipes
  * BY OCCASION… __ __
    * MM Favourites
    * Christmas Recipes
    * Diwali Sweet Recipes
    * Onam Recipes
    * Party Recipes
    * Snack & Starter Recipes
    * Breakfast Recipes
  * BY SPECIALITY… __ __
    * Dessert Recipes
    * Dips & Sauces Recipes
    * Bachelor Recipes
    * Baking Recipes
    * Cake Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * No Bake Recipes
    * Healthy Recipes
    * Soup Recipes
    * Salad Recipes
    * Sandwiches Recipes
    * Savoury Bake Recipes
    * Spicy Recipes
    * Pudding Recipes
    * Payasam Recipes
    * Pickle Recipes
    * Mocktail Recipes
    * AWW Recipes
  * TOP __ __
    * Top 10 All Time Best Recipes
    * Top 10 Reader Favs
    * Top 10 Shared Recipes
    * Top 10 Pinned Recipes
    * Top 10 Tweeted Recipes
  * BUY - MM Chicken eBooklet - Grab The Chicken eBooklet!
  * BUY - MM Christmas eBooklet - Grab The Christmas Booklet!

## Discover only the best cooking recipes, hand picked by Maria…

Find only the best cooking recipes, hand selected by Maria. They're **tried,
tasted and trusted by over 125,000 smart cooks**. Discover below the best of
MariasMenu!

Search for:

## Here's The Latest MM Video Recipe (Remember To Subscribe)…

103K Followers

914 Followers

7.7K Followers

15K Followers

14.3K Followers

8.3K Followers

Please don't steal the photos. We won't complain – but it's bad karma! Giving
credit won't hurt :)

(C) 2022 MariasMenu * Privacy Policy * __RSS

  * ABOUT MARIASMENU
  * RECIPE (GALLERY) INDEX
  * RECIPE TIMELINE
  * BY CUISINE…
    * Arabic Recipes
    * Kerala Recipes
    * Kerala Christian Recipes
    * Indo Chinese Recipes
    * North Indian Recipes
    * Indian Dessert Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * No Onion and No Garlic
  * BY INGREDIENT…
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Duck Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Mutton Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Fish Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * Eggless Baking Recipes
    * Eggless Dessert Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes
    * Dal Recipes
    * Rice & Noodle Recipes
    * Paneer Recipes
    * Pasta Recipes
    * Fruit Recipes
  * BY OCCASION…
    * MM Favourites
    * Christmas Recipes
    * Diwali Sweet Recipes
    * Onam Recipes
    * Party Recipes
    * Snack & Starter Recipes
    * Breakfast Recipes
  * BY SPECIALITY…
    * Dessert Recipes
    * Dips & Sauces Recipes
    * Bachelor Recipes
    * Baking Recipes
    * Cake Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * No Bake Recipes
    * Healthy Recipes
    * Soup Recipes
    * Salad Recipes
    * Sandwiches Recipes
    * Savoury Bake Recipes
    * Spicy Recipes
    * Pudding Recipes
    * Payasam Recipes
    * Pickle Recipes
    * Mocktail Recipes
    * AWW Recipes
  * TOP
    * Top 10 All Time Best Recipes
    * Top 10 Reader Favs
    * Top 10 Shared Recipes
    * Top 10 Pinned Recipes
    * Top 10 Tweeted Recipes
  * BUY - MM Chicken eBooklet
  * BUY - MM Christmas eBooklet

Close

19 Shares

  * __ Facebook
  * __ Twitter
  * __ Pinterest
  * __ More Networks

Share via

Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn

Mix

Pinterest

Tumblr

Skype

Buffer

Pocket

VKontakte

Parler

Xing

Reddit

Flipboard

MySpace

Delicious

Amazon

Digg

Evernote

Blogger

LiveJournal

Baidu

MeWe

NewsVine

Yummly

Yahoo

WhatsApp

Viber

SMS

Telegram

Facebook Messenger

Like

Email

Print

Copy Link

Copy link

CopyCopied

