https://www.cult.fit/live/recipe/chicken-khow-suey-meal/RECIPE272


##### FITNESS

##### CARE

##### MIND

##### STORE

GET APP

  1. Home >
  2. Live >
  3. Recipe >
  4. Chicken Khow Suey Meal

# Chicken Khow Suey Meal

Time40 Min

DifficultyIntermediate

Serves1

Delicately spiced coconut milk sauce infused with an array of distinctive
contrasting condiments, a Khow Suey is a curried noodle dish that will satiate
your appetite and leave you craving for more. It's perfect for a Sunday
brunch, a bowl of happiness in every sense. Each spoon full of soup will let
flavours burst in your taste buds: all with easily available ingredients.
Called ohn no Khao Swe,  ... originating in Burma, the khow suey came to East
India with migrants that came during World War II. It’s a lip-smacking street
food that entices you with its aroma. It’s traditionally made with beef or
chicken stew and egg noodles- myriad palatable twists have been fashioned out
of this though by world chefs. Chicken Khow Suey Meal Ingredients, especially
the generous squeeze of lemon impart tanginess that shall stay in your mouth
forever. The mineral, cabbage-like flavour of your bok choy compliments, while
adding a crunchy, juicy texture and the button mushrooms intensify the
earthiness quotient. The sliced chilli pepper ups the heat, and leaves you
drivelling for the next serve. And ah, the succulent boneless chicken breasts!
Chicken Khow Suey Meal Calories range from 560 to 610 based on your appetitive
tinkering. Chicken Khow Suey Meal Benefits are numerous. Having tryptophan, an
amino acid that is responsible for raising serotonin levels in your brain-
chicken is oh-so-feel-good. It provides vitamin B12 and choline which promote
brain development and boost metabolism. Being a source of dietary protein,
chicken aids bone health and stimulates the building of muscles. The beans you
use are rich in LDL cholesterol-lowering fibre and have loads of iron, folic
acid, and magnesium.

READ MORE

Nutrition Info. (per serving)

ProteinFatCarbsFibre571 Cal571 Cal571 Cal571 Cal

  * 28gProtein

  * 29gFat

  * 47gCarbs

  * 14gFibre

## Ingredients

### Dry Grocery

Whole Wheat Noodles

0.25 cups

Salt

1.5 teaspoons

Peanut (with Skin)

0.5 teaspoons

Aromat Powder

0.5 teaspoons

Light Soy Sauce

1.25 teaspoons

Refined Oil

2 teaspoons

Sesame White (til)

1.25 teaspoons

Pumpkin Seed

0.25 teaspoons

Sunflower Seeds

0.25 teaspoons

Turmeric Powder

1 pinch

Sesame Oil

0.5 teaspoons

### Fruits & Vegetables

Haricot Bean

7 units

Carrot-regular

0.75 cups

Bok Choy

11 units

Broccoli

1 piece

Ginger

6 small pieces

Onion

0.33 cups

Galangal / Thai Ginger

1 unit

Lemon Grass

2 teaspoons

Kafir Lime Leaf

2 leafs

Coriander W/o Roots

0.25 cups

Spring Onion

8.5 units

Red Cabbage

0.25 cups

Parsley

3 leafs

Bean Sprouts

1.5 tablespoons

### Poultry

Chicken Breasts

0.5 unit

### Other

Water

0.75 glasss

Pepper

0.75 teaspoons

Garlic

8.5 pieces

Button Mushrooms

0.5 cups

Red Chilli Paste

1 teaspoon

Coconut Milk

0.5 glasss

Lemon Juice

1 teaspoon

Directions

1

In a heavy bottom vessel, add Water, Salt, Whole Wheat Noodles and bring to
boil till soft.

2

In a heavy bottom vessel, add Water, diamond cut Beans, Carrots, Bok Choy and
bring to boil.

3

In a heavy bottom vessel, add Water, Broccoli, julienne Carrot and bring to
boil.

4

In a baking tray, add Peanut and place in an oven for roasting.

5

In a bowl, add julienne Chicken, Salt, Pepper, Aromat Powder, minced Ginger,
Garlic and Light Soy. Mix well and keep aside to marinate for 2 hrs.

6

Drain the Water and take out the Noodles in a tray and add Oil.

7

Toss well and keep aside.

8

In a pan, add Sunflower Seeds, Pumpkin Seeds, Sesame Seeds and toss well.

9

Remove to a bowl. Add half of the roasted de-skin Peanut. Mix properly and
keep aside.

10

In a baking tray, add marinated Chicken and place in an oven for 3 min at 160
degree C.

11

Add Oil, sliced Onion and toss well. Spread the Onion in a roasting tray and
roast in an oven for 30 min at 150 degree C.

12

Add sliced Garlic, Oil and toss properly. Take a roasting tray spread out the
Garlic and roast in an oven for 30 min at 150 degree C.

13

In a bowl, add golden Onion, golden Garlic, another half roasted Peanut. Toss
well and keep aside.

14

Heat Oil in a pan. Add quarter Mushrooms cap, Salt, Pepper and saute till
done. Remove to a plate and keep aside.

15

In a blender, add chopped Onion, chopped Garlic, sliced Ginger, Galangal,
Lemongrass, Turmeric Powder, Chilli Paste and make a paste.

16

Heat Oil in a pan. Add the above paste and cook till water dries up.

17

Remove to a bowl and keep aside.

18

In a heavy bottom vessel, add Paste, slice Galangal, Lemon Grass, Kaffir Lime,
Coriander Stem, Chilli Paste, Salt, Aromat Powder and saute.

19

Add Water, Coconut Milk and bring to boil. Remove to a bowl and keep aside.

20

Heat Oil in a pan. Add minced Garlic, Ginger and saute till Golden.

21

Add blanched vegetables and saute till tender.

22

Add Salt, Pepper, Spring Onion, Light Soya, Sesame Oil and toss well.

23

Remove to a bowl and garnish with Sesame Seeds.

24

In a bowl, add grated Carrot, julienne Red Cabbage, minced Parsley, Garnish
Mix, Lemon Juice and Salt.

25

Toss well and keep aside.

26

In a bowl, add boiled Noodles, Broccoli, Carrots, sauteed Mushrooms.

27

Add julienne Chicken and Khow Suey Base on top.

28

Add garnish with Moong Bean Sprouts on top and diced Spring Onion.

29

Serve Khow Suey Chicken with Sauteed Veg, Carrot Red Cabbage Salad and Garnish
Mix.

Getting the best out of your Chicken Khow Suey Meal Recipe

How to make Chicken Khow Suey Meal empty-the-plate-within-minutes delicious?
The piquant, savoury flavour is al-important. Here are some tips that can let
you up the ante with your Chicken Khow Suey Meal Restaurant style: Use smaller
pieces of chicken breasts (after removing bones) to imbibe more flavour. It’s
time-consuming but definitely worth it. Your coconut milk doesn’t have to be
very thick in this case. It’s alright to add some water. Coat your chicken
pieces with the marinade and leave in the fridge overnight for the essence to
seep in well. Keep your noodles supple. You don't want sticky-sticky noodles-
boil in a medium flame with ½ teaspoon oil and salt. The sambal oelek or
chilly paste shouldn't be overdone- you do not want this dish burning hot.
Greek yoghurt takes the palate to a whole different level. Give it a try!
Extra brownie points for agave. Try this simple Chicken Khow Suey Meal Recipe
and enjoy a tasty and healthy dish!

READ MORE

## Success!

#### We hope you had fun making it! Enjoy the meal.

Top Searches

Online Fitness Classes

Weight Loss Exercise | Six Pack Abs | Cardio Exercise at Home | HIIT Workout
at Home | Belly Fat Exercises | Exercise For Kids at Home | Morning Exercises
at Home | Shoulder Workout at Home | Strength Training Exercises | Mobility
Exercises | Dance Exercises | Thigh Exercises at Home | Abs Workout at Home |
Back Exercises at Home | Chest Workout at Home | Butt Exercises at Home |
Split Exercise | Lean Body Workout | Short Workout | Exercise for Beginners |
Dumbbell Exercises | Stamina Increase Exercise

Mindfulness

Yoga Asanas | Yoga For Weight Loss | Kids Yoga | Surya Namaskar | OnlineYoga
Classes | Yoga For Beginners | Yoga Nidra | Music Meditation | Pranayam |
Bedtime Stories | Bedtime Stories For Kids | Mindfulness Meditation |
Meditation in Hindi | Sleep Meditation

Diagnostic Tests

Thyroid Test | Pregnancy Test | Full Body Checkup | Kidney Function Test |
Lipid Profile Test | Online Counselling

Healthy Recipes

Sambar Recipe | Masala For Dosa | Kadai Paneer Recipe | Neer Dosa | Manchow
Soup | Chicken Soup | Chilli Baby Corn | Homemade Protein Powder | Thukpa |
Paneer Masala | Chicken Keema | Badam Milk | Aloo Tikki Chaat | Moong Dal
Kachori | Homemade Protein Powder

Cult Gyms In India

Gyms In Delhi | Gyms In Mumbai | Gyms In Bangalore | Gyms In Pune | Gyms In
Chennai | Gyms In Hyderabad | Gyms In Jaipur | Gyms In Kolkata | Gyms In
Ahmedabad | Gyms In Chandigarh | Gyms In Indore | Gyms In Coimbatore | Gyms In
Surat | Gyms In Ludhiana | Gyms In Vizag | Gyms In Amritsar | Gyms In Mysore |
Gyms In Mangalore | Gyms In Kochi | Gyms In Jammu | Gym In Kharghar | Gym In
Bandra | Gym In Velachery | Gym In Chembur | Gym In Indiranagar | Gym In HSR
Layout | Swimming Pools Near Me | Outdoor Gyms | Football Training near me |
Zumba Classes Near Me | Boxing Classes Near Me | Gyms with Personal Trainer

Yoga Classes In India

Yoga Classes in Mumbai | Yoga Classes in Hyderabad | Yoga Classes in Delhi |
Yoga Classes in Chennai | Yoga Classes in Jaipur

At cult.fit, we make group workouts fun, daily food healthy & tasty, mental
fitness easy with yoga & meditation, Medical & lifestyle care hassle-
free.#BeBetterEveryDay

cult.fit for business

cult.fit franchise

corporate partnerships

cult pass network

t&c for business

partner.fit

blogs

security

careers

contact us

privacy policy

cult bmi calculator

terms & conditions

Related Searches

Pumpkin Risotto Recipe

Ramen Bowl With Egg Recipe

Chicken Hakka Noodles Recipe

Veg Hakka Noodles Recipe

Chickpea Spaghetti Recipe

Keto Black Pepper Chicken Recipe

Vegetable Lasagne Recipe

Miso Noodles Recipe

Penne In White Sauce Recipe

Penne Tomato Pasta Recipe

Penne Aglio E Olio Recipe

Thai Green Chicken Curry Recipe

Cajun-Spiced Cottage Cheese Steaks Veg Rice Recipe

Chicken Arrabiata Pasta Recipe

Harissa-Stuffed Grilled Chicken, Bell Peppers Rice Recipe

Sweet & Sour Bangkok Braised Chicken Meal Recipe

Asian Veg Curry & Rice Recipe

Asian Chicken Curry & Rice Recipe

Spanish Paneer Stew & Brown Rice Recipe

Spanish Chicken Stew & Brown Rice Recipe

Cashew Paneer With Ginger-Bell Pepper Rice Recipe

Mushroom Fried Rice Recipe

Lemongrass Basil Fried Rice Recipe

Wok Tossed Brown Rice Recipe

Tex Mex Rice Recipe

Kansas Cottage Cheese & Rice Meal Recipe

Cambodian Grilled Chicken With Jade Rice Recipe

Chicken Lasagne Recipe

Chilli Tofu Hakka Noodles Recipe

Chilli Chicken Hakka Noodles Recipe

Cambodian Grilled Vegetable Bento Box Recipe

Smoky Chipotle Chicken & Tex Mex Rice Bowl Recipe

Malaysian Veg Curry And Rice Meal Recipe

Mapo Tofu Recipe

Chicken Rice Recipe

Cuban Grilled Chicken Rice Recipe

Gremolata Grilled Chicken With Pesto Quinoa Recipe

Chicken Khow Suey Meal Recipe

Jamaican Curry & Brown Rice Recipe

Vietnamese Veg Curry & Brown Rice Recipe

Vietnam Means Chicken Curry & Brown Rice Recipe

Jamaican Chicken Curry & Brown Rice Recipe

Chicken Fried Rice Recipe

Chicken Curry Noodle Bowl Recipe

Malaysian Chicken Curry & Rice Meal Recipe

Cashew Chicken With Ginger Bellpepper Rice Recipe

Veg Curry Noodle Bowl Recipe

Recipes

Dhokla Recipe

Chilli Paneer Recipe

Kadai Paneer Recipe

Bhindi Masala Recipe

Khandvi Recipe

Paneer Masala Recipe

Sambar Recipe

Egg Curry Recipe

Gobi Manchurian Recipe

Paneer Tikka Recipe

Shahi Paneer Recipe

Malai Kofta Recipe

Home Workouts

