https://www.mirchitales.com/chicken-khow-suey-or-khao-suey/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Eid Recipes
  * Pakistani Recipes
  * Pantry Guide
  * Recipe Index
  * About
  * search...

menu icon

  * Eid Recipes
  * Pakistani Recipes
  * Pantry Guide
  * Recipe Index
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

search icon

search...

  * Eid Recipes
  * Pakistani Recipes
  * Pantry Guide
  * Recipe Index
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

×

Mirchi Tales » Recipes » Chicken » **Chicken Khow Suey or Khao Suey**

# Chicken Khow Suey or Khao Suey

Published: Mar 1, 2015 · Modified: Mar 18, 2019 by Kiran

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

 _ **Originally from Burma, Chicken Khow Suey or Khao Suey is a popular dish
among the Memon & Gujrati community of Pakistan. It comprises of noodles in a
coconut or yoghurt based curry, with spicy chicken or beef and an array of
condiments.**_

## What is the origin of Chicken Khow Suey or Khao Suey in Pakistan?

I first heard about Khow Suey or Khao Suey at my university when I started my
Bachelors - an exotic sounding dish that is regularly made among the Memon and
Gujrati community. Considering that noodles are always considered foreign and
non-Desi, it surprised me to no end that this dish with a noodle base is so
popular. Not just among children, but adults and elderly as well.

So I did some research and I found out that the origins of this dish are from
Burma, where there used to be a thriving community of people from the sub-
continental due to historical trading ties. This of course comprised of
Gujrati's and Memon's who are known businessmen, and used to travel across the
region as part of their business. Burma itself had a trading port setup by the
British at Akyub (present-day Sittwe). In March 1962, when the army overthrew
the current government industries were nationalized and foreigners (including
South Asians) were discouraged from staying and this led to them coming back
settling in present-day India and Pakistan. In coming back, they of course
brought their cuisine and recipes back with them and this is the reason why a
dish of Burmese origin is super popular in Karachi, Pakistan. The above
history is from Burma:Rivers of Flavor \- this absolutely brilliant book by
Noami Duguid on Burmese cuisine.

## What exactly is Chicken Khow suey and how is Chicken Khao Suey made?

Just like the way it's spelled (khow suey, khao suey or khao soi) there are
many versions of chicken khow suey out there. There's the Burmese version, the
Gujrati version, the Memoni version and of course the fusion version
incorporating all three!

At it's very basic khow suey is made of the following components.

  1. Noodles - this is the base of the dish; the noodles can be egg noodles, wheat noodles or just spaghetti.
  2. Meat - usually chicken, but beef is quite popular too. Whatever the protein the meat curry / gravy is usually quite thick.
  3. Curry - this is where the greatest debate in authenticity lies. There's the Burmese version made with coconut milk or coconut powder and the Memoni version which is made with chickpea flour and yoghurt, and the Gujrati version which is a combination of all ingredients.
  4. Condiments - the list of condiments for khow suey is endless, but the basic ones are some sort of crisps (can be slims or fried roll wrappers), lemon, chili (can be paste, powder or oil), fried garlic and coriander. Other options include boiled eggs, potatoes, spring onions, red chili flakes, fried onion etc.

All the components are laid out separately and then everyone makes their own
bowl. They start off with the noodles, add the curry followed by the meat
gravy, and then top it off with the condiments. Mix it all up and eat.

I have tried many a version of khow suey (or khao suey) over the years, each
having their own distinct flavours based on the cooking techniques and
personal preference of the person cooking them. Chicken khow suey, beef khow
suey, coconut based curry, yoghurt based curry, few condiments, more than 10
condiments - I have had them all. After trying them all, this is my version of
chicken khow suey based on the flavours that I enjoy. I wouldn't call it
authentic but I would definitely call it delicious.

Try out more chicken recipes below:

  1. #### **Halal Cart Chicken& Rice**

  2. #### **Ginger Chicken, Pakistani style**

  3. #### **Butter Chicken**

  4. #### **Karahi Chicken**

  5. #### **Zeera Chicken Handi **(Creamy chicken curry with cumin)

**_Would love it if you could try out and rate the recipe, and let me know how
it was in the comments below!_**

**_To keep updated with recipes, stories and so much more follow me on
Facebookhere, Instagram here and Twitter here_**

Print Recipe

5 from 2 votes

## Chicken Khao Suey

Originally from Burma, Khao-Suey is a popular dish among the Memon & Gujrati
community of Pakistan. It comprises of noodles in a coconut or yoghurt based
curry, with spicy chicken or beef and an array of condiments which will always
include crisps or Slims and a squeeze of lemon juice.

Prep Time20 mins

Cook Time1 hr 20 mins

Total Time1 hr 40 mins

Course: Dinner

Cuisine: Burmese, Pakistani

Servings: 6 people

Calories: 849kcal

Author: Kiran

### Ingredients

#### Coconut Curry:

  * ▢ ½ tablespoon oil
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon garlic paste
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon turmeric/haldi powder
  * ▢ ¾ cup gram flour/besan toasted
  * ▢ 300 ml coconut milk
  * ▢ Salt to taste
  * ▢ 3 cups water

#### Chicken Gravy:

  * ▢ 4 tablespoon oil divided
  * ▢ 1 onion chopped
  * ▢ 2  tomatoes chopped
  * ▢ 3 green chilies
  * ▢ 2 teaspoon cumin seeds
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon ginger
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon garlic paste
  * ▢ 2 teaspoon salt
  * ▢ 2 teaspoon black pepper
  * ▢ 2 teaspoon ground cumin
  * ▢ 2 teaspoon ground coriander
  * ▢ 2 teaspoon red chili powder
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon turmeric/haldi
  * ▢ 600 grams boneless chicken sliced

#### Condiments/Garnishes:

  * ▢ 3-4 green chilies finely sliced
  * ▢ ½ cup Fresh coriander chopped 
  * ▢ 2 spring onions sliced thinly
  * ▢ 3 boiled eggs chopped
  * ▢ 5-6 cloves garlic thinly sliced and fried
  * ▢ ½ medium onion thinly sliced and fried
  * ▢ 2 tablespoon Chili Oil/Paste
  * ▢ 3 lemons cut into wedges
  * ▢ 1 ½ cups Fried Slims Crisps or Papri for topping
  * ▢ 600 grams egg noodles  boiled

### Instructions

#### For the coconut curry:

  * Dry roast the gram flour in a small frying pan, making sure it doesn't burn. Set it aside. 

Heat oil, and saute garlic paste and turmeric for a minute till the raw flavor
is removed.

  * Add coconut milk, and whisk in the the toasted gram flour/besan making sure there are no lumps. Add salt & water. 

  * Keep the mixture on medium heat till it comes to a boil, then lower the heat and cook for 30-45 minutes till it thickens to desired consistency. Make sure to stir every few minutes or so to ensure it doesn't burn or lumps aren't formed. Set aside. 

#### For the chicken:

  * Heat 2 tablespoon oil, saute onions till light golden.

  * Add tomatoes & chili and saute for 2-3 minutes till tomatoes are soft. Pour the onion, tomato & chili mixture into a blender and blend with water to a smooth paste. Set aside.   

  * Add 2 tablespoon oil into the same pan, and turn to medium heat. Add garlic & ginger paste, along with whole cumin seeds and saute for a minute till the cumin seeds pop.  

  * Add the blended tomato-chili paste, and cook for 2-3 minutes. Add salt, black pepper, coriander powder, cumin powder, red chili powder and turmeric.  

  * Turn heat to low, and cook for a minute then add sliced chicken. Cook on high heat till chicken changes color from pink to white. Turn heat to low, and add a cup of water. Cook the chicken till meat is tender and oil surfaces. Set it aside.

#### Assembly:

  * Boil the noodles as per packet instructions and place them in a large bowl. Prepare all the condiments as per personal preference, and place them all in small bowls. The variety of condiments is on personal preference, but lemon, crisps & some form of spicy element (whether chili paste, chutney or raw chilis) is necessary to balance flavors.

  * Warm up the coconut curry and the chicken and serve them in medium sized bowls. To make a bowl of Khao-suey, first add the noodles in the bowl, then add coconut curry and chicken. Top with your preferred condiments and then mix it up.

  * Add lemon & crisps right at the end.

### Nutrition

Calories: 849kcal

Tried this Recipe? Tag me Today!Mention @MirchiTales or tag #mirchitales!

« Lemon Garlic Chicken

Desi Cappuccino or Beaten Coffee »

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Gulrukh says

April 09, 2022 at 5:28 am

  
I always use this recipe and it never disappoints!

Reply

  2. Sahar says

November 08, 2021 at 7:10 pm

  
I love this khowsuey recipe!

Reply

  3. Shehbaz Mulla says

September 29, 2016 at 3:02 pm

Nice Recipe Keep Posting

Reply

  4. Rabia M says

July 03, 2016 at 3:21 pm

Omg!!! It turned out to be finger-licking-spoon-licking-pot-licking goooooood!
Perfect recipe for khou suey! Thanks!

Reply

  5. Madiha says

February 28, 2016 at 8:38 pm

Used your curry recipe but I felt the besan quantity was a lot compared to
coconut and water. Ended up with a very heavy besan taste and had to mellow it
down with more coconut and water.

Reply

    * kiran says

March 09, 2016 at 7:14 pm

Hello Madiha,  
Thank you for the feedback. My family prefers the besan flavor more so will
make a note of it in the recipe.  
I do hope you enjoyed the recipe otherwise 🙂

Reply

  6. Sam says

February 25, 2016 at 4:28 pm

Awesome!!will try this real soon!!!:D

Reply

  7. Malorie says

December 08, 2015 at 9:10 pm

I always like it when people leave feedback after they've tried out a
recipe... and this is the first time EVER that I'm commenting on a recipe. And
it had to be khao suey.. and your recipe. been craving KS for a while and then
I found your website. . I'm a fan!!! Made the kashmiri chai and today the khao
suey... my hubby, kids and best friend were raving about it!!! And I fell in
love with your recipes and style.. v different selection and the best... bless
you and thank you ?

Reply

    * kiran says

December 15, 2015 at 10:10 pm

Hello Malorie,  
Thank you so much for your comment and I am so happy to hear your family loved
the recipes. Really love getting feedback from people.

Reply

  8. Asima Rashid says

October 15, 2015 at 8:38 pm

Hey looks really good, I have made khao suey many times before but will surely
be trying out your recipe. Can you let me know how do you make the chili oil,
or is is it store bought? Thanks

Reply

    * kiran says

October 16, 2015 at 1:39 am

This was actually chili oil from Chairman Mao. I get their food delivered 2-3
times a week and I always save the chili paste/oil. It's great to add a punch
of flavor in oriental cuisine or in Khao Suey.

Reply

  9. hiba says

March 10, 2015 at 9:31 am

Tried your recipe! Khaosuey is very popular with my in laws but I had never
tasted it and to be honest I was a little afraid too :p made it for my husband
yesterday and I loved it more then him. It turned out so delicious! I love
your way of describing each step and measurement. It makes it easier for
beginners like me to cook. Thank you so much! I'll be waiting for more recipes
❤️

Reply

  10. Fatima Afridi says

March 03, 2015 at 9:38 am

This looks superb! I'd first like to taste yours rather than trying out the
recipe

Reply

  11. Sidra says

March 02, 2015 at 11:20 am

Good work Kiran , Going to try it soon <3

Reply

  12. Farah.F says

March 01, 2015 at 6:46 pm

this look absolutely yum! badly craving this now.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

**Hi, I'm Kiran!**

Welcome to my kitchen. Here you will find Pakistani and Indian recipes along
with delicious tea time desserts. I am all about putting a modern twist to
traditional South Asian recipes for the contemporary kitchen.

More about me →

### Eid Recipes

  * Chapli Kabab Sliders | Pakistani Chapli Kabab Mini Burgers

  * Pakistani Qeema recipe | Breakfast qeema with onions | Pakistani ground mince 

  * Yakhni Pulao | Mutton Yakhni Pulao | Goat meat pilaf 

  * How to make a Cheese Board for South Asians (Add a Pakistani Indian twist to your Cheese Board)

  * Bhuna Gosht | Beef Bhuna | Pakistani Beef Curry

  * Shami Kebab Recipe (Stovetop and Pressure Cooker Method)

### Popular Recipes

  * Kaali daal or khari masoor ki daal | Black gram lentils

  * Pakistani aloo keema | Ground mince with potato curry

  * Aloo ki Tahari or Aloo Chawal | Spiced Potato Rice

  * Air fryer paratha | How to make frozen paratha in an air fryer

  * Vegetarian Zucchini Slice

  * 25+ Pakistani Vegetarian Recipes you HAVE to make!

## Footer

↑ back to top

Privacy Policy

Copyright © 2021 **Mirchi Tales**

