https://recipe52.com/burmese-khao-soi-recipe/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

Recipe52.com

  * Home
  * Chicken
    * Chicken
    * Pakistani Chicken
  * Main Course
    * Vegetarian
    * Lamb
    * Mince
    * Rice
    * Casserole
    * Bohra
  * Desserts
    * Indian & Pakistani Dessert
    * Ice Cream
    * Small Desserts
  * Soups
  * Salads
  * Ramadan
    * Ramadan
    * Snacks
    * Drinks
    * Chai

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Recipe Index
  * Dessert
  * Chicken
  * Bohra
  * Meet Mariam
    * Contact Us

×

Home » Main Course » Chicken Khao Soi recipe |Easiest and quickest

Jul 3, 2020 · Modified: Mar 3, 2021 by Mariam Sodawater · This post may
contain affiliate links. 3 Comments

# Chicken Khao Soi recipe |Easiest and quickest

  *   *   *   * 

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

4.75 from 8 votes

Chicken Khao Soi recipe that is quick and easy. The authentic Burmese Khaosay
recipe calls for a meat curry and a separate coconut curry. Instead, I have
made one simple but equally delicious curry that is both quick and practical.
Yes, I combined goodness of both curry in one pot -- super quick and yummy!

## What is Khao Soi?

Khao Soi is the South East Asian main course. It mainly consists of egg
noodles and coconut-based curry. It is widely served in Myanmar, Laos and
Northern Thailand. The dish has many versions and is also spelled differently
in different places (like khao soi, khao suey, khaosay, Khausa and so on).

Some regions like Burma serves a separate meat-based curry along with coconut
curry. The Burmese version of Khao soi has a prominent Indian influence in the
form of Indian spices and gram flour curry base. On the other hand, the Thai
version has Fish Sauce and Thai herbs and spices.

### What does Chicken Khao Soi taste like?

Regardless of region, Khao soi has moderately spiced coconut curry. Red chili
flakes or hot sauce is served on the side for extra heat. This version of
curry has a light coconut and chicken flavor. If you like Indian curries,
you'd love this Burmese version of Khao soi. The dish requires some time to
cook but it's worth the pain as it's so delicious and yummy.

#### What do you serve with Khao Soi?

You can serve khao soi with a number of condiments and the condiments also
vary from region to region. Fried garlic, fried onion, fried peanuts, lemon
wedges, cilantro are the most popular accompaniments. Apart from it, chips,
fried and crispy crackers, boiled egg slices, sliced onions, and green onion
can also be served.

### Tips for variation:

While I do appreciate authentic dishes, I strongly believe taste is a personal
choice so here are few variations to this curry.

  * Protein Option: This dish tastes amazing with boneless beef or mutton instead of chicken. You can also add tofu and other veggies for vegetarian khao soi curry.
  * Noodles option: Egg noodles are typically served with khao soi but ramen instant noodles also taste great.
  * Unhealthy: a friend of mine adds cream, butter, and milk to this curry and skips the gram flour. This curry is fluffier without the flour but rich and buttery. 
  * If you mix little vinegar with sliced onion for accompaniment. The sour kick tastes great. 

## How to make Chicken Khao soi?

The recipe shares steps for frying onions and garlic for accompaniments. If
using pre-friend onions and garlic just skip those steps.

Boil noodles as per instructions on packet and set aside.

Fry sliced garlic until golden and set aside. (Skip this step if using store
brought fried garlic)

In the same oil fry onions slices until golden.

Remove half onions for garnish and we will use half fried onions in the
coconut curry. Also, remove extra oil from the pot leaving only 2-3
tablespoons of oil.

To make khao soi curry put the chicken and all the spices and half of the
fried onions in the pot. (Save the other half of fried onions for garnish.)

Cover the lid and cook on medium heat for 15 minutes until chicken is tender.

Blend tomatoes in a blender until it forms a smooth tomato puree. Now add
tomato puree and cook further for 5 minutes.

When you see a thin layer of oil separating on top and sides of the pan
tomatoes are cooked. Reduce heat and let the curry simmer for a few minutes.

Meanwhile, mix coconut milk powder, gram flour lemon juice, and water in a
bowl. This is Burmese Khao Soi curry base. ( You can also use coconut milk
instead of coconut milk powder, then skip the water in the curry or use less
water. )

Add the prepared gram flour mixture in the pot. Cook for few minutes until it
thickens.

Add 2 or more cups of water or as per the desired consistency.

Finally, I also add half chicken cube/bullion for flavor kick but it is
optional. Let the curry simmer for 15 minutes before serving. To serve Khao
Soi, first, fill a bowl with warm noodles and pour the curry over it. Be
generous! Then top with the accompaniment of your choice and dig in. Enjoy!

**Hungry for noodles? Check these!**

  * **Thai Peanut Noodles**
  *  **Spaghetti Balls Recipe**
  *  **Instant noodle Frittata** ( ramen noodle frittata)
  *  **Bohra Khaosay Recipe**

## Burmese Khao Soi Recipe

This is a quick yummy and easy way to make Khao Soi, serve with fried onion
and garlic, chilli slices, and a splash of lemon juice.

4.75 from 8 votes

Print Pin

Prep: 10 minutes

Cook: 30 minutes

Total Time: 40 minutes

Servings : 4 servings

Calories: 986kcal

Author: Mariam Sodawater

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

###  Ingredients

1x2x3x

  * ▢ Oil, to fry (about 1 cup)
  * ▢ 3 onions, thinly sliced
  * ▢ 1 whole  garlic, chopped

#### For curry

  * ▢ 500 grams boneless chicken, cut in small cubes

#### Spices

  * ▢ 4 whole red button chillies
  * ▢ ½ tablespoon ginger paste
  * ▢ ½ tablespoon garlic paste
  * ▢ 2 teaspoon red chilli flakes
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon cumin seeds , or powder
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon coriander powder
  * ▢ ¾ teaspoon turmeric powder
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon cinnamon powder
  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon black pepper powder
  * ▢ salt , or to taste

#### Other ingredients

  * ▢ 3 medium  tomatoes, pureed
  * ▢ 75 gram coconut milk powder , (or 3 cups light coconut milk)
  * ▢ 6 tablespoon gram flour
  * ▢ 4 tablespoon lemon juice
  * ▢ 1 chicken cube/bullion 
  * ▢ 1 ½ packet  egg noodles, (375 gram, boiled)

#### Optional Accompaniments

  * ▢ Hot sauce
  * ▢ Potato sticks
  * ▢ Lemon wedges
  * ▢ Sliced green onions
  * ▢ Boiled eggs
  * ▢ Roasted Peanuts
  * ▢ sliced onions

###  Instructions

#### Prepare Garnish (Fried Galic and onions) Skip is using pre-fried onion
and garlic

  * In a large pot, fry garlic until golden. Remove from oil and set aside.

  * In same oil, fry onion slices until golden. Remove from oil and set aside.

#### Make Curry

  * Remove all oil from the pot leaving only 2 tablespoons. Now, add half of the fried onion (about ¼ cup) chicken, and all ingredients in the spices list in the pot. Mix well, cover, and cook for 10 minutes until chicken is tender.

  * Add tomato purée and mix well. Let the curry simmer on low heat for 5-10 minutes until little oil separates on the sides of the pot.

  * Now, mix coconut milk powder, gram flour, lemon juice, and 2 cups water in a bowl. Add the mixture to simmering chicken curry.

  * Also add a chicken cube and 3 cups water, or as needed for desired consistency. Let the curry simmer until oil separates (about 15 minutes).

  * To serve take warm noodles in bowl top with curry and accompaniments of your choice. Enjoy.

####  Nutrition Information

Calories: 986kcal

Mention @Recipe52 or tag #Loverecipe52!

« Bohra / Bohri Fried Chicken, Quick and easy

Pakistani Chicken Recipes for dinner! 40 plus »

  *   *   *   * 

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. banazer noor says

March 29, 2019 at 3:46 am

GOOD RECIPES WEBSITE I LOVE IT WELL DONE.

Reply

    * Recipe 52 says

March 29, 2019 at 6:45 am

Thank Banazer, ?

Reply

    * Recipe 52 says

March 29, 2019 at 6:45 am

Thanks Benazer, ?

Reply

### Rate this Recipe and Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

If you enjoy this recipe, please consider leaving a star rating along with
your comment. Not only your reviews motivate me to do my best, but they also
help others find me online. Thank you! Mariam If you enjoy this recipe, please
consider leaving a star rating along with your comment. Not only your reviews
motivate me to do my best, but they also help others find me online. Thank
you! Mariam  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

Search

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

**Hi, I’m a Mariam Sodawater,** a passionate home chef dedicated to sharing
authentic South Asian taste with simple recipes and easy-to-find ingredients.
My motto is EASY, HEALTHY, and FRUGAL food. Home cooking can be fun and
therapeutic!

More about me →

### Summer Favourite

  * Plum Jam Without Pectin (Low-Sugar)

  * Peach Ice Cream Recipe (No Eggs)

  * Indian Mango Chutney Recipe (Spicy)

  * Cucumber Lemon Juice Recipe With Honey

  * Mango Ice Cream with Condensed Milk

  * Chicken Malai Tikka Recipe

### Popular Recipes

  * Kashmiri Chai Recipe (Pink Tea)

  * Pakistani Chicken Karahi Recipe

  * Chapli Kebab Recipe (The BEST!)

  * Date Roll Recipe | Video Tutorial

  * ABC Juice (Apple Beet Carrot Juice)

  * Pakistani Chicken Biryani Recipe

## Footer

##### Newsletter

Privacy Policy

Recipe52.com Copyright © 2020

