https://www.marthastewart.com/314929/hong-kong-style-chicken


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Martha Stewart Martha Stewart

  * FOOD
  * HOLIDAYS
  * ENTERTAINING
  * HOME
  * GARDENING
  * CLEANING & ORGANIZING
  * WEDDINGS
  * SHOP
  * DIY
  * BEAUTY & WELLNESS
  * LIFE
  * NEWS
  * MARTHA'S BLOG
  * About Us

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Martha's Blog

Your Account

Your Account

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Email Preferences
  * Newsletter
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us
  * Your Content
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Enter to Win $10,000 to Makeover Your Home!
  * Martha's Blog
  * Weddings

Login

Pin

Close this dialog window

## Explore Martha Stewart

Martha Stewart Martha Stewart

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * 7 Things to Do in the Morning to Be Healthier and More Productive

####  7 Things to Do in the Morning to Be Healthier and More Productive

Kick-start your day by making habits out of these mood-boosting tips.  Read
More

    * Should You Refrigerate Bananas?

####  Should You Refrigerate Bananas?

It's one of your favorite fruits, but does it belong on the counter or in the
refrigerator?  Read More

    * This 3-Ingredient Homemade Weed Killer Uses Vinegar to Safely Remove Pesky Growths from Your Garden

####  This 3-Ingredient Homemade Weed Killer Uses Vinegar to Safely Remove
Pesky Growths from Your Garden

A few easy-to-find ingredients are all you need to create a powerful formula
that squashes weeds.  Read More

  * FOOD

### FOOD

See All FOOD

Our 20 Most Popular Recipes for Summer

####  Our 20 Most Popular Recipes for Summer

    * Breakfast & Brunch Recipes
    * Lunch Recipes
    * Dinner Recipes
    * Appetizers & Snacks
    * Dessert Recipes
    * Drink Recipes
    * Salad Recipes
    * Side Dishes
    * Soup Recipes
    * Healthy Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes
    * Cooking How-Tos
    * Baking
    * Menu Planning
    * Food News & Trends
    * Wine
    * Mastering the Holiday Meal
    * What's for Dinner
    * All Recipes

  * HOLIDAYS

### HOLIDAYS

See All HOLIDAYS

The Most Patriotic Flowers for the Fourth of July, According to Symbolism

####  The Most Patriotic Flowers for the Fourth of July, According to
Symbolism

Show your love of country by displaying these varieties on America's birthday.

    * Father's Day
    * Fourth of July
    * Halloween
    * Thanksgiving
    * Hanukkah
    * Christmas
    * New Year's Eve
    * Valentine's Day
    * St. Patricks Day
    * Passover
    * Easter
    * Mother's Day

  * ENTERTAINING

### ENTERTAINING

See All ENTERTAINING

How to Start Entertaining Friends and Family More Regularly

####  How to Start Entertaining Friends and Family More Regularly

Make gathering with loved ones a priority.

    * Seasonal Entertaining & Decorating
    * Baby Shower Ideas
    * Dinner Party Ideas
    * You're Invited

  * HOME

### HOME

See All HOME

We're Putting Up Walls Again—Is the Open Floor Plan on Its Way Out?

####  We're Putting Up Walls Again—Is the Open Floor Plan on Its Way Out?

We asked the experts to weigh in on this popular home design concept.

    * Home Design & Decor
    * Paint Colors & Palettes
    * DIY Home Projects
    * The Well-Kept Home

  * GARDENING

### GARDENING

See All GARDENING

A Month-by-Month Hydrangea Care Guide

####  A Month-by-Month Hydrangea Care Guide

Confused about when to do what to your favorite flowering shrubs? We have you
covered.

    * Container Gardening
    * Flower Gardens
    * Houseplants
    * Landscaping
    * Vegetable Gardens

  * CLEANING & ORGANIZING

### CLEANING & ORGANIZING

How to Wash Pillows

####  How to Wash Pillows

They're an essential element of a comfortable bed, so keep yours fresh and in
their best shape ever with these expert-approved tips.

    * Cleaning
    * Storage & Organization
    * Laundry & Linens

  * WEDDINGS

### WEDDINGS

See All WEDDINGS

Who Pays for What for the Wedding?

####  Who Pays for What for the Wedding?

Get the traditional rules for who pays for the wedding details.

    * Real Weddings
    * Wedding Party
    * Wedding Planning & Advice
    * Wedding Ceremony & Reception
    * Wedding Jewelry
    * Dresses & Style
    * Wedding Beauty & Wellness
    * Wedding Registry
    * Wedding Showers & Parties
    * Love & Marriage
    * Wedding Travel

  * SHOP
  * DIY

### DIY

See All DIY

How to Melt and Reuse the Leftover Wax from Candles

####  How to Melt and Reuse the Leftover Wax from Candles

Our easy melt-and-pour method saves the last bit of this home essential.

    * Dyeing
    * Holiday Crafts
    * Kids' Crafts
    * Knitting
    * Paper Crafts
    * Sewing
    * Rescue & Revamp

  * BEAUTY & WELLNESS

### BEAUTY & WELLNESS

Can Rice Water Really Encourage Hair Growth?

####  Can Rice Water Really Encourage Hair Growth?

This buzzy ingredient is a star player in many new-age hair care products.

    * Beauty
    * Health & Wellness
    * Live Well

  * LIFE

### LIFE

See All LIFE

    * Family
    * Pets
    * Travel
    * Net Worth

  * NEWS
  * MARTHA'S BLOG
  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Martha's Blog

Your Account

Your Account

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Email Preferences
  * Newsletter
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us
  * Your Content
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Enter to Win $10,000 to Makeover Your Home!
  * Martha's Blog
  * Weddings

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. marthastewart.com
  2. Food & Cooking
  3. Recipes
  4. Ingredients
  5. Meat & Poultry
  6. Chicken
  7. Chicken Breast Recipes
  8. Hong Kong-Style Chicken

# Hong Kong-Style Chicken

Rating: 3.33 stars

3 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 1 
  * 4 star values: 0 
  * 3 star values: 1 
  * 2 star values: 1 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review

  * 3 Ratings 
  * 1 Review 

This great dinner recipe is courtesy of Michael Schulson.

The Martha Stewart Show, July Summer 2007, The Martha Stewart Show, Episode
2112

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Read the full recipe after the video.

## Recipe Summary

Servings:

4

Fried Oysters

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * 4 tablespoons ginger, peeled and minced 
  * 1 bunch scallions, white parts only, smashed 
  * 1 tablespoon minced garlic 
  * 3 tablespoons coarse salt 
  * 2 tablespoons sugar 
  * 1 1/4 cups grapeseed oil 
  * 1/2 cup Shao Xing (Chinese wine), dry sherry, or white wine 
  * 4 tablespoons cornstarch 
  * 4 boneless chicken breast halves 
  * 1/4 cup finger chiles, Thai bird's eye chiles, or 1 red bell pepper, sliced on the bias 
  * 1/2 cup button mushrooms, thinly sliced 
  * 1/2 cup bamboo shoots, canned and sliced, washed well 
  * 1 cup chicken stock 
  * 1/4 cup soy sauce 
  * 15 pieces Thai or regular basil, washed well 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

In a medium bowl, combine 2 tablespoons ginger, scallions, garlic, salt,
sugar, 1 cup grapeseed oil, 1/4 cup Shao Xing, and 3 tablespoons cornstarch.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Place chicken in a shallow dish and pour over mixture. Refrigerate for at
least 1 hour and up to 6 hours.

  * Step 3

Preheat oven to 375 degrees. Transfer chicken to a baking sheet and roast 8
minutes; set aside.

  * Step 4

Heat a wok over high heat; add 3 tablespoons grapeseed oil. Add remaining 2
tablespoons ginger and chiles; cook until golden brown, 30 seconds. Add
mushrooms and cook until tender, about 1 1/2 minutes. Add remaining 1
tablespoon oil and bamboo shoots, stirring constantly, and cook for 2 minutes.

  * Step 5

Add remaining 1/4 cup Shao Xing and let reduce until thickened, about 1
minute. Add chicken stock and soy sauce; bring to a boil. In a small bowl
whisk together remaining tablespoon cornstarch with 1 teaspoon water, add to
wok and stir until mixture has thickened. Season with basil and remove from
heat.

  * Step 6

Slice chicken and divide evenly between 4 plates. Pour over sauce; serve
immediately.

Advertisement

##  Reviews (1)

Add Rating & Review

3 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 1 
  * 4 star values: 0 
  * 3 star values: 1 
  * 2 star values: 1 
  * 1 star values: 0 

Martha Stewart Member

Rating: Unrated

12/26/2007

chicken recipe

Back to Hong Kong-Style Chicken

##  All Reviews for Hong Kong-Style Chicken

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Back to Recipe

##  Review this recipe

Hong Kong-Style Chicken

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Submit

Success!Thanks for adding your feedback.

Martha Stewart

##

## Learn More

  * Contact Us
  * Customer Service
  * Media Kit
  * Martha's Blog
  * Advertise
  * Content Licensing
  * FAQ
  * Corporate
  * International
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithMartha Stewart is part of the Meredith Home Group. © Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policythis link opens in a
new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens
in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis link opens a modal window Web
Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Martha Stewart. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.marthastewart.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Hong Kong-Style Chicken

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

