https://www.awesomecuisine.com/recipes/9089/hong-kong-chicken/


  * Vegetarian
    * Appetizers & Snacks
      * All Vegetarian Snacks
      * Bonda
      * Samosa
      * Sundal
      * Vada
      * Vadam and Vathal
      * Kebabs
    * Breads & Rice
      * Biryani
      * Naan
      * Paratha
      * Poori
      * Pulao
      * Rice
      * Roti
    * Vegetarian Mains
      * Curries and Gravies
      * Dal
      * Paneer
    * South Indian Food
      * All South Indian Recipes
      * Kootu
      * Sambar
      * Rasam
      * Idli
      * Dosa
    * Vegetarian Sides
      * All Side Dishes
      * Chutneys and Sauces
      * Raita
  * Non Vegetarian
    * Egg
    * Chicken
    * Crab
    * Fish
    * Mutton
    * Prawn
    * Shrimp
  * Fast Food
    * Burgers
    * Chaat
    * Pasta
    * Pizza
    * Sandwich
  * Beverages
    * Cocktails
    * Fruit Juices
    * Lassi
    * Milkshakes
    * Mocktails
    * Smoothies
  * Desserts & Sweets
    * Sweets
      * All Sweets
      * Burfi
      * Halwa
      * Kesari
      * Laddu
    * Desserts
      * All Desserts
      * Cakes
      * Chocolate
      * Cookies
      * Ice Cream
      * Kheer
  * Tamil Recipes
  * Health
    * Salad
      * Salad Dressings
    * Soup
    * Pregnancy and Postnatal
  * International
    * Chinese
    * French
    * Italian
    * Mediterranean
    * Mexican
    * Middle Eastern
    * Spanish
    * Thai
    * Vietnamese
  * More
    * Food Guide
    * Kids Recipes
    * Indian Festival Recipes
    * Fruits & Vegetables

__

__

__

Home __Non Vegetarian __Chicken __ Hong Kong Chicken

Chicken

# Hong Kong Chicken

_21.7k_ views

Hong Kong Chicken is one of the most delicious chicken recipes cooked as per
the techniques of Hong Kong cuisine.

Jump to Recipe

Hong Kong Chicken is one of the most delicious chicken recipes cooked as per
the techniques of Hong Kong cuisine. This recipe has a perfect blend of
mouthwatering flavors as ingredients like ginger garlic paste, cashew nuts,
coriander leaves, etc. are used in it.

If we look at the nutrition part, chicken is healthy for our body. Hong Kong
Chicken contains zero trans-fat due to its cooking process and ingredients.
Therefore, you can grab a piece of Hong Kong Chicken to tease your taste buds
anytime you wish for.

However, to relish this delectable dish you need not visit Hong Kong. Follow
all the instructions properly so that you can easily make this dish at your
home.

Let’s have a look at the ingredients first. To make this dish you need
boneless chopped chicken, red chili paste (quantity depends on your taste
preferences and ability to handle the hotness of chilies) on your taste, eggs,
corn flour, maida, ginger-garlic paste (as required), chopped onion, finely
chopped cashew nuts, coriander leaves (finely chopped) and salt as per taste.

Chicken is rich in proteins, vitamins and is also low in fat as compared to
other forms of meat. Therefore, you can include this recipe in your diet
regularly. Chicken is also an abundant source of calcium and therefore regular
chicken eaters do not face any bone issues in old age.

Hong Kong Chicken is a popular dish across the globe and each cuisine has its
own contribution in this recipe. However, when you follow this recipe you get
to relish the taste of authentic Hong Chicken and that too without taking much
effort. Try it today and give a surprise treat to your family and kids!

Hong Kong Chicken

4.81 from 56 votes

## Hong Kong Chicken Recipe

Hong Kong Chicken is one of the most delicious chicken recipes cooked as per
the techniques of Hong Kong cuisine.

Prep Time20 mins

Cook Time20 mins

Total Time40 mins

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Chinese, Hong Kong

Keyword: chicken

## Ingredients for Hong Kong Chicken

  * 1 cup Chicken chopped, boneless, skinless
  * 1/2 cup Red Chilli Paste or as required depending on individual taste
  * 2 nos Eggs
  * 3 tsp Cornflour
  * 1/4 cup Maida
  * 1/4 cup Ginger Garlic Paste adjust as required
  * 1 cup Onion chopped
  * 1/2 cup Cashewnuts finely chopped or crushed
  * Salt as per taste
  * Few Coriander Leaves finely chopped

## How to make Hong Kong Chicken

  * Beat the eggs with cornflour, maida and little water.

  * Keep aside.

  * Sprinkle salt on the chicken and add the egg mixture.

  * Mix well and keep aside for 15 to 20 minutes.

  * Heat little oil in a pan over medium flame.

  * Then fry the marinated chicken in hot oil and remove.

  * Drain excess oil and keep the chicken pieces warm.

  * To the same pan, add a little oil and saute the ginger garlic paste and onions for a minute or two.

  * Add the cashewnuts and fry for another minute.

  * Add the red chilli paste and simmer for 2 minutes, adding 1/4 cup of water.

  * Add the fried chicken pieces and cook for 2 minutes.

  * Once the gravy starts to thicken, remove from flame.

  * Garnish with coriander leaves.

  * Serve hot.

### Notes

Adjust water in step 10 as required.

previous post

##### Simple Tips for Making Dry Flours

next post

##### Grilled Halloumi Cheese

##### Praveen Kumar

Praveen Kumar is the founder of Awesome Cuisine. He started Awesome Cuisine in
2008 to showcase the rich culinary heritage of India and also as a means to
track his love for food. A Digital Marketer by profession and a foodie by
passion, he has been involved in food ever since his school days.

________

#### You may also like

###  Chicken with Melon Seeds

###  Guntur Chicken

###  Chicken with Noodles and Basil

###  Chicken Teriyaki

###  Creamy Alfredo Chicken Pasta

###  Tandoori Chicken

#### 3 comments

Ivan van der Merwe __August 18, 2018 - 1:17 am

Hi I live in South Africa and do not understand or know the ingredient ” Maida
– 1/4 cup”

I do enjoy reading your recipes and mixing and matching the to suit my pantry.

Reply

Praveen Kumar __August 20, 2018 - 10:28 am

Hi Ivan,

Maida is nothing but Plain Flour.

Reply

Chris Blackburn __March 11, 2013 - 2:19 pm

What and outstanding recipe, and a couple of ingredients that I’ve not come
across before which for some reason add’s to the attraction of it!! I’m
guessing relatively healthy??

Reply

### Leave a Comment Cancel Reply

### Search Recipes

__

### Popular Recipes

  * ####  Vanilla Sponge Cake 

  * ####  Lime Cordial 

  * ####  Smiley Face Potatoes (Homemade Potato Smiley) 

  * ####  Garlic Mayonnaise 

  * ####  பாவ் பாஜி 

### Recent Recipes

  * ####  Gunpowder Chicken 

  * ####  Chicken Teriyaki 

  * ####  Chaman Kaliya 

  * ####  Paneer Lababdar 

  * ####  Channa Chaat (Chickpeas Chaat) 

  * ####  Fattoush 

### Food Glossary

  * Conversions and Equivalents
  * Indian Fruit Names in English, Hindi and Tamil
  * Indian Vegetable Names in English, Hindi, Tamil, Telugu & Kannada
  * Names of Indian Condiments and Spices in Tamil, Telugu, Kannada, Hindi and English

### Follow Awesome Cuisine

__ Facebook __ Twitter __ Instagram __ Pinterest

  * Indian Recipes
  * About
  * Contact Us
  * Press and Media
  * Privacy Policy

Copyright © 2022 Awesome Cuisine.

__

__

__

  * Vegetarian
    * Appetizers & Snacks
      * All Vegetarian Snacks
      * Bonda
      * Samosa
      * Sundal
      * Vada
      * Vadam and Vathal
      * Kebabs
    * Breads & Rice
      * Biryani
      * Naan
      * Paratha
      * Poori
      * Pulao
      * Rice
      * Roti
    * Vegetarian Mains
      * Curries and Gravies
      * Dal
      * Paneer
    * South Indian Food
      * All South Indian Recipes
      * Kootu
      * Sambar
      * Rasam
      * Idli
      * Dosa
    * Vegetarian Sides
      * All Side Dishes
      * Chutneys and Sauces
      * Raita
  * Non Vegetarian
    * Egg
    * Chicken
    * Crab
    * Fish
    * Mutton
    * Prawn
    * Shrimp
  * Fast Food
    * Burgers
    * Chaat
    * Pasta
    * Pizza
    * Sandwich
  * Beverages
    * Cocktails
    * Fruit Juices
    * Lassi
    * Milkshakes
    * Mocktails
    * Smoothies
  * Desserts & Sweets
    * Sweets
      * All Sweets
      * Burfi
      * Halwa
      * Kesari
      * Laddu
    * Desserts
      * All Desserts
      * Cakes
      * Chocolate
      * Cookies
      * Ice Cream
      * Kheer
  * Tamil Recipes
  * Health
    * Salad
      * Salad Dressings
    * Soup
    * Pregnancy and Postnatal
  * International
    * Chinese
    * French
    * Italian
    * Mediterranean
    * Mexican
    * Middle Eastern
    * Spanish
    * Thai
    * Vietnamese
  * More
    * Food Guide
    * Kids Recipes
    * Indian Festival Recipes
    * Fruits & Vegetables

