https://momsdish.com/recipe/421/easy-sweet-and-sour-chicken


## Subscribe

Get Started with Summer Grilling

GO!

Momsdish

## Search

Search for:

Menu

Go Back

  * Recipes
  * Ebooks
  * Natalya’s Story

  * Instagram
  * Facebook
  * Pinterest

### Recipe Categories

  * All Recipes
  * Air Fryer
  * Bread
  * Breakfast
    * All Breakfast
    * Anything Eggs
    * Casseroles
    * Grains
    * Pancakes & Waffles
    * Pastries
    * Quick Recipes
  * Main Dishes
    * All Main Dishes
    * 15-Minute Recipes
    * 30-Minute Recipes
    * Asian
    * Italian
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Low-Carb Recipes
    * Mexican
    * Pasta & Grains
    * Potato Dishes
    * Sandwiches
    * Vegetarian
  * Meats
    * All Meats
    * Beef
    * Chicken
    * Lamb
    * Pork
    * Turkey
  * Recipe Roundups
  * Salads
  * Seafood
  * Sides & Appetizers
    * All Sides & Appetizers
    * Finger Foods
    * Sandwiches
    * Spreads & Dips
    * Veggie Sides
  * Soups
  * Sweets & Desserts
    * All Sweets & Desserts
    * Cakes
    * Cookies & Bars
    * Cupcakes & Muffins
    * Jello Recipes
    * Pastries
    * Simple Treats
    * Sweet Breads
  * Russian & Ukrainian
    * All Russian & Ukrainian
    * Appetizers
    * Cakes
    * Dumplings
    * European Breads
    * European Potato Dishes
    * Meats
    * Pasta & Grains
    * Salads
    * Seafood
    * Soups
    * Sweets
  * Miscellaneous
    * All Miscellaneous
    * Canning
    * Dressing & Sauce
    * Drinks
    * Jams
    * Seasoning
    * Snacks & Treats
  * Videos

### Kitchen Tips Categories

  * All Kitchen Tips
  * How To
  * Other

Home / Recipes / Main Dishes / Asian

# Easy Sweet and Sour Chicken Recipe

### Recipes

  * All Recipes
  * Air Fryer
  * Bread
  * Breakfast
  * Main Dishes
  * Meats
  * Recipe Roundups
  * Salads
  * Seafood
  * Sides & Appetizers
  * Soups
  * Sweets & Desserts
  * Russian & Ukrainian
  * Miscellaneous
  * Videos

### Kitchen Tips

  * All Kitchen Tips
  * How To
  * Other

Jump to Recipe

This sweet and sour chicken is made with a sticky and tangy sauce that's
simply irresistible. You'll be coming back for seconds.

If you're a huge fan of getting Chinese takeout, you've just stumbled upon the
right corner of the internet. The benefits? We can double or triple the batch
to have on hand for leftovers. To this day, our version of sweet and sour
chicken has been some of our best work.

## What Exactly is Sweet and Sour Chicken?

Sweet and sour chicken is a Chinese dish typically made of deep-fried chicken
or pork that's covered in a simple batter of cornstarch. It's then tossed and
finished with a sweet, vinegary sauce. Sometimes, you'll find it served with
pineapple chunks or bell pepper. A true takeout go-to that tastes like heaven
on earth!

## Preparing Sweet and Sour Chicken from Scratch

To kick off the process, slice the chicken breasts into evenly sized bite-
sized pieces (about 1-inch chunks are perfect).

  * **Coat the Chicken** : Next, place the chicken pieces in a large bowl with cornstarch,  cornstarch, black pepper, salt, and pressed garlic cloves. Toss to combine. 
  *  **Fry the Chicken** : Whisk a large egg in a shallow bowl and dip each battered piece of chicken into it. Then, transfer the chicken to a skillet preheated with oil and fry each side until golden brown. Place the chicken in a single layer in a baking dish. 
  *  **Mix the Sauce Ingredients** : In a small bowl, whisk together the sugar, soy sauce, ketchup, apple cider vinegar, and pour it over the chicken.
  *  **Bake the Chicken** : Finally, bake the chicken at 350°F for 30 minutes (flip it every 10 minutes to build the coating). Enjoy! 

## Tips to Help You Make the Best Sweet and Sour Chicken

Making authentic sweet and sour chicken is easier than you think, but a few
tips will help you nail it.

  * **Swap in skinless chicken thighs.  **If you love dark meat, use chicken thighs instead of chicken breasts. 
  *  **Fry the chicken over medium heat.  **You're not looking to cook the chicken all the way through, but to get a nice crisp on the breading. Keep in mind it will cook the rest of the way through in the oven. 
  *  **Add red pepper flakes for some heat.  **If you like it on the spicier side, add in as many shakes of red pepper flakes as you can handle.
  *  **Use brown sugar versus white for a deeper  ** **flavor**. If you want a more full-bodied sweetness, swap the white sugar for brown sugar. Or, add a bit more fruity sweetness by mixing some of the canned pineapple juice into the sauce mixture. 
  *  **Bake the chicken with vegetables for a more well-rounded meal.  **Add broccoli, carrots, tomatoes, and/or onions to the baking dish for a quick serving of veggies.  

## What Goes Well With Sweet and Sour Chicken

Serve sweet and sour chicken over a bowl of steamed white rice or alongside
any of your favorite stir fries. Veggie lo mein, beef lo mein, or shrimp lo
mein are all great options. Or, if you're whipping up an appetizer tray,
pierce each chicken with a toothpick for easy snacking.

## Storing and Reheating Chicken

Whether you have some leftovers to store or you'd like to have a batch on hand
in the freezer, find all the storing and reheating tips you need here.

  * **Refrigerator** : To keep sweet and sour chicken on hand for up to three days, store it in an airtight container in the fridge. This will keep the breading from turning soggy quicker. To reheat it, place it back in the oven or pop it in an air fryer if you have one. 
  *  **Freezer:**  The best way to freeze sweet and sour chicken is after breading and frying it. Assemble the pan-fried chicken on a baking sheet lined with parchment paper and pop it into the freezer uncovered. Once completely frozen, transfer the chicken to a freezer-safe bag. If you really want to prep ahead, you can even freeze the sauce. When you're ready, allow the sauce to thaw on the counter and bake the chicken as directed. 

## FAQ

### Is sweet and sour chicken the same as orange chicken?

While sweet and sour chicken and orange chicken have similar tangy profiles,
they are made with slightly different sauces.

### What can you use leftover sweet and sour sauce for?

You can use leftover sweet and sour sauce for veggies, stir fry, and meat
marinades.

### Can you use a different type of vinegar than apple cider vinegar?

Apple cider vinegar works best, as it's much tangier and contains a subtle
sweetness. Other types of vinegar simply won't work the same.

### How do you prevent hot splattering oil?

Prevent the oil from splattering during pan-frying by ensuring the heat stays
at medium.

### Can you bake the chicken instead of frying it?

Skipping the pan-frying step won't yield the same crispy result. While you can
bake the chicken from start to finish, it's not recommended.

## Other Asian-Inspired Dishes

  * **Simple Yakisoba Noodles Recipe** - Japanese stir fry noodles
  *  **The Best Beef Stir Fry Recipe** - Classic beef stir fry with veggies
  *  **Easy Korean Spicy Noodles** - Stir fry sweet potato glass noodles 
  * **Air Fryer Korean Chicken Thighs** - Sweet and salty chicken thighs

## Share Some Love ❤️

## Recipe

## Easy Sweet and Sour Chicken Recipe

Print Pin

Servings

6 Servings

Prep Time 15 mins

Cook Time 35 mins

Total Time 50 mins

Recipe contributed by: Natalya Drozhzhin

This sweet and sour chicken is made with a sticky and tangy sauce that's
simply irresistible. You'll be coming back for seconds.

### Ingredients

  * 2 lb chicken breast cut into bite sized pieces
  * 1 cup corn starch
  * 1/2 tsp black pepper
  * 1/2 tbsp salt
  * 3 garlic cloves
  * 1/2 cup oil for frying
  * 2 eggs
  * 1/2 cup sugar
  * 1 tbsp soy sauce 
  * 1/3 cup ketchup
  * 1/2 cup apple cider vinegar
  * 1 tsp Garlic Parley Salt

US Units - Metric

### Instructions

  * Place the sliced chicken in a large mixing bowl, followed by the cornstarch, pepper, salt, and pressed garlic cloves. Stir until the chicken is evenly coated. 

  * Preheat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Whisk the eggs in a bowl. Dip each chicken piece into the eggs. 

  * Fry the chicken on each side until golden brown. Place the fried chicken in a baking dish in a single layer.

  * In a small bowl, whisk the sugar, soy sauce, ketchup, apple cider vinegar, and garlic salt together.

  * Pour the sauce over the chicken and bake it at 350°F for 30 minutes.

  * As the chicken bakes, turn it over every 10 minutes to create a nice coating. Enjoy over steamed white rice or alongside your favorite noodle dish!

Nutrition Facts

Easy Sweet and Sour Chicken Recipe

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 528 Calories from Fat 216

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 24g **37%**

Saturated Fat 3g **15%**

Trans Fat 1g

Polyunsaturated Fat 6g

Monounsaturated Fat 14g

 **Cholesterol** 151mg **50%**

 **Sodium** 1457mg **61%**

 **Potassium** 652mg **19%**

 **Carbohydrates** 41g **14%**

Fiber 1g **4%**

Sugar 20g **22%**

 **Protein** 35g **70%**

**Vitamin A** 194IU **4%**

 **Vitamin C** 3mg **4%**

 **Calcium** 25mg **3%**

 **Iron** 1mg **6%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Posted March 21, 2022

## About Author

### Natalya Drozhzhin

Instagram Facebook Pinterest Twitter

Natalya founded Momsdish to demonstrate that placing a homemade meal on the
table is not hard at all. Natalya makes cooking easier and approachable, by
simplifying the ingredients, while still producing the same great taste.

## You May Also Like

  * #### Simple Yakisoba Noodles Recipe

  * #### Veggie Lo Mein + Video (Under 30 Minutes)

  * #### Lazy Cabbage Rolls Casserole

  * #### Easy Homemade BBQ Sauce

  * #### 39 Summer BBQ & Cookout Recipes

  * #### Grilled Chicken Wings Recipe (Just 3 Ingredients)

##  85 Comments

  1. CaitJul 28, 2022

Made this for the first time tonight. Followed recipe exactly except didn’t
add the garlic to the corn starch. I added fresh minced garlic to the sauce
instead. This was delicious. Tasted better than take out IMO. Whole family
loved it! I’ll definitely make it again in the future!

Show More

1LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinJul 29, 2022

I'm so glad your entire family enjoyed this dish! Thank you for commenting,
Cait!

Show More

LikeReply

  2. Jackie cameronJul 11, 2022

This is SO yummy!!! I added Cajun seasoning with the cornflour ingredients and
it is delicious!! Air fried for 2x10min (stiring in between) at 180degrees and
it was perfect. Thanks so much for this great recipe!!

Show More

LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinJul 11, 2022

Hey Jackie, this sounds so good! I bet air fryer made it even better. Love how
crispy it gets. Thank you for sharing your tips, I need to try your version!

Show More

LikeReply

  3. LeahJun 19, 2022

Hey great recipe, instead of oven baking it could I add the sauce to the
chicken and finish it in a wok?

Show More

LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinJun 20, 2022

Hi Leah- I don't see why not! You could probably just fry the chicken to
completion and then finish it off by adding the sauce and stirring until
chicken is well coated and sauce is warm. Enjoy!

Show More

LikeReply

  4. Patricia ColeJun 15, 2022

I haven’t Tryed this recipe yet, but plans to cook it soon. Could I add a
small amount of pineapple juice to the sauce? How much would you suggest?
Thank you

Show More

LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinJun 15, 2022

Hi Patricia- Yes, you can add a few tbsp no problem. Or do 1/4 apple cider
vinegar and 1/4 pineapple juice. Please let us know how much you decided to
add, and how it turns out! Enjoy! 🙂

Show More

LikeReply

  5. MeaganJun 9, 2022

I followed the recipe exactly and all I tasted was apple cider vinegar! Next
time I think I'll only use 1/4c acv.

Show More

2LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinJun 9, 2022

Hi, Meagan. Ah, sorry to hear that it was overpowering. Another commenter
mentioned that the acidity was different for them depending on which brand of
ACV they used, they used a different type the 2 times they made it. The one I
used was from Trader Joes I believe and it's not too acidic. Otherwise,
decreasing amount of ACV will totally do the trick too. Hope this helps! 🙂

Show More

2LikeReply

  6. CatherineJun 8, 2022

Hi there. This looks amazing. Is it possible to air fry the chicken? If so
what is your recommendation for temperature and time? Thanks!

Show More

LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinJun 8, 2022

Hi Catherine- I have not tried air frying, so I'm not sure about temp or time.
Air frying would be a unique option though, instead of pan frying it in step
3. If you give it a try, please let us know how it went!

Show More

LikeReply

  7. AshleyApr 27, 2022

I was skeptical when the chicken wasnt as crispy as I imagined but I was
pleasantly suprised! It's a delicious must try.

Show More

1LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinApr 27, 2022

Hi Ashley - Yay! So happy you enjoyed this dish. It's one of our favs to pair
with a steamed bowl of white rice. 🙂

Show More

LikeReply

  8. TanjaApr 8, 2022

Can you make this a day ahead, do the baking part next day?

Show More

LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinApr 8, 2022

Hi Tanja- that's a great question. I haven't tried making it ahead like this,
so I'm not sure! If you give it a go, let us know how it turned out!

Show More

2LikeReply

  9. IldiApr 5, 2022

Any recommendation adding some heat to the chicken?

Show More

LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinApr 5, 2022

Hi Ildi- you can add some red pepper flakes to the sauce to add some heat. Add
to taste. Enjoy!

Show More

LikeReply

  10. Catherine CardeleinMar 24, 2022

In your narratives you say you can add the pineapple juice to increase the
flavor, but I do not see any call for pineapple in the ingredient list.

(Or, add a bit more fruity sweetness by mixing some of the canned pineapple
juice into the sauce mixture. )

Show More

1LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinMar 24, 2022

Hey Catherine- correct. These are just tips or swaps that are suggested, if
desired by the reader. Our recipe uses chicken breast and no pineapple juice,
but in the post I mention using chicken thigh and a splash of pineapple juice
if you prefer, and red pepper flakes for extra heat if desired. Hope this
makes sense! 🙂

Show More

LikeReply

  11. ReneeMar 24, 2022

30 minutes seems a long time to bake after sautéing chicken breast. Anyone
find this dry?

Show More

LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinMar 24, 2022

Hi Renee- feel free to cut down the baking time if the chicken pieces are
smaller or seem ready before 30 minutes are up. Pan frying the chicken is
mainly for giving it that beautiful golden color and some crispiness, the
baking is to finish off the cooking process. Enjoy!

Show More

LikeReply

  12. Heather RoseMar 22, 2022

SO much better than takeout! Even my picky son loved it!

Show More

LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinMar 22, 2022

That's a total win, Heather!

Show More

LikeReply

  13. JenniferMar 22, 2022

LOVE this recipe! Always comes out soo good!

Show More

1LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinMar 22, 2022

Thanks for the feedback, Jennifer!

Show More

LikeReply

  14. AmyMar 21, 2022

this recipe is amazing and I love that I can have chinese food at home! thank
you for sharing

Show More

LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinMar 21, 2022

You're welcome, Amy! I love popular dishes that can be re-created at home!

Show More

LikeReply

  15. DinaJul 30, 2021

Chicken was delicious!! But adding the fresh pressed garlic with the dry
ingredients was not the best idea because it created clumps in the corn starch
and didn't allow the seasonings to mix well. Next time I'll try using garlic
powder.

Show More

2LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinJul 30, 2021

Thank you for your feedback, Dina! I'm glad you enjoyed the recipe!

Show More

LikeReply

  16. olgaOct 20, 2020

I loved this recipe! All the ingredients I already had at home and it was very
simple to make. My husband loved it! Thank you!

Show More

LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinOct 20, 2020

Gotta love easy recipes right?! I'm happy your family loved the recipe.

Show More

LikeReply

  17. OlgaFeb 17, 2016

Hi, can you please tell me which brand of Apple Cider Vinegar you use?  
i made this recipe previously and it was AMAZING, but then i bought a new
bottle of ACVinegar and now it turns very acidic, very overpowering taste.
thanks

Show More

23LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinFeb 17, 2016

I use the one from trader joes. I think it's organic apple cider.

Show More

17LikeReply

  18. School Time SnippetsAug 14, 2015

Have made this two times now! We love it!

Show More

15LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinAug 15, 2015

Oh wow, so happy you guys love it. Thanks for sharing.

Show More

24LikeReply

  19. AnnetteSep 19, 2014

I just tried this recipe tonight! Can egg be added to the ingredients list?

Show More

23LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinSep 22, 2014

Got it, thanks for catching this 😉

Show More

21LikeReply

  20. AngieSep 17, 2014

This looks amazing! If I do not have apple cider vinegar, can I substitute it
with white vinegar? Or even not add it ? Thank you!

Show More

25LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinSep 18, 2014

You would need to add vinegar for the sour taste that chicken has, apple cider
works best in this situation.

Show More

21LikeReply

  21. jadeAug 6, 2014

Asians don't really eat desserts except at weddings. How about some fruits?
melon also. Their is always fortune cookies too. I am going to try this. I
have been on an Asian food kick too.

Show More

24LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinAug 7, 2014

During the summer fruits are a perfect addition! Thanks for all your idea 😉

Show More

19LikeReply

  22. Hola1Jul 6, 2014

Did anyone else have an issue with the hot oil spattering while frying the
chicken? I had to run after dropping a piece of chicken in to avoid being
burned!

Show More

21LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinJul 6, 2014

I didn't have to run but it does spatter, you could try adding a little less
oil next time.

Show More

18LikeReply

  23. TanushJun 25, 2014

Hi, this is my 3rd time making this recipes, but my first time noticing that
you add garlic salt to the sauce?? how much of it? its not in the
"ingredients" list..  
Thanks!

Show More

27LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinJun 26, 2014

1 teaspoon of garlic salt. Thanks for pointing that out, I'll fix it 😉

Show More

22LikeReply

      1. tanushJun 26, 2014

thank you! 🙂 btw and chicken is great! my husband loves it and requests it
often!

Show More

24LikeReply

        1. Natalya DrozhzhinJun 26, 2014

Thank you, we love it too. I use to go to mall food court for some but now I
just make it 🙂

Show More

21LikeReply

  24. DiMay 25, 2014

This chicken is AMAZING! ! Thank you for the recipe! Im enjoying a plate of it
right now 🙂

Show More

19LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinMay 25, 2014

Hey! So glad you love it, appreciate your feedback 😉

Show More

19LikeReply

  25. julieMay 15, 2014

HI Natalya, I cant print the recipes... I really want to try the sweet and
sour chicken It would be easier to have the recipe in front of me...

Show More

22LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinMay 15, 2014

On top right side there is a print button, or its just not working for u?

Show More

16LikeReply

      1. DiMay 24, 2014

When I click the print button it just opens the same page in a different
tab..the same goes for other recipes on this site

Show More

22LikeReply

        1. Natalya DrozhzhinMay 25, 2014

Ok, thanks! We had our web developer fix that issue today. Thanks for letting
me know 🙂

Show More

16LikeReply

  26. lenaMay 10, 2014

Hi Natalya,  
I made it today and this recipe is a bomb!!! My family loved it, no
leftovers.one question though:how much exactly garlic salt do u use for the
sauce? I didn't add any as I wasn't sure.thanks in advance.

Show More

20LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinMay 10, 2014

Just a tablespoon, I will add it in. Thanks for pointing that out. So glad
your family loved the recipe.

Show More

19LikeReply

  27. mitchMay 8, 2014

Can I Use Garlic Powder Instead? If So How Much?

Show More

23LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinMay 9, 2014

Yes you can, I would say about two teaspoons but it all depends in a brand of
powder you use.

Show More

15LikeReply

  28. MichelleApr 21, 2014

can the chicken be baked instead of fried? (what temp and how long)

Show More

26LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinApr 22, 2014

To create that coating crust you would need to fry it for just for a min or so
and the chicken is baked.

Show More

23LikeReply

  29. GalyaMar 24, 2014

Thank you for the recipe! Made and it was really good:)

Show More

24LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinMar 25, 2014

Hey Galya, so great that you liked it. 🙂

Show More

16LikeReply

  30. KathyMar 24, 2014

Was wondering if I can replace the sugar with Stevia?

Show More

18LikeReply

    1. Natalya DrozhzhinMar 24, 2014

I think it would work but I haven't tried this. Please tell me if you try it,
it may be useful for others.

Show More

21LikeReply

  * Load More Comments

## Hello!

Welcome to my blog! Momsdish is all about less ingredients and approachable
cooking. I promise to make you fall in love with cooking. Read my story to see
what makes Momsdish so special.

Natalya's Story

## Momsdish Network

  * Instagram
  * Facebook
  * Pinterest

## Search

Search for:

  * General
    * Home
    * Recipes
    * Ebooks
  * Business
    * About
    * Contact Us
    * Careers
  * Legal
    * Terms of Use
    * Privacy Policy
    * Website Accessibility Policy
    * Disclosure
  * Social Networks
    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Pinterest
    * Twitter

Copyright momsdish.com, a Timofey, LLC company.

Disclosure: This website is part of Amazon's Associates Program. The pages
contain affiliate links that earn us a commission. See full Disclosure.  
Terms: All content on this website, including the dietary information, are for
educational purposes only and not to be considered professional or medical
advice. See full Terms.

Summer Grilling  
(Ideal Meal Prep)

CEO - A really good hub

Receive Natalya's personal 5 tips and tricks she uses to make dinners easy.

Invalid email address

* * *

Learn More About This Series

Thanks for subscribing!

Summer Grilling  
(Ideal Meal Prep)

CEO - A really good hub

Receive Natalya's personal 5 tips and tricks she uses to make dinners easy.

Invalid email address

* * *

Learn More About This Series

Thanks for subscribing!

Summer Grilling  
(Ideal Meal Prep)

CEO - A really good hub

Receive Natalya's personal 5 tips and tricks she uses to make dinners easy.

Invalid email address

* * *

Learn More About This Series

Thanks for subscribing!

