https://www.tasteandtellblog.com/sweet-and-sour-chicken/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to header navigation
  * Skip to privacy navigation
  * Skip to travel navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * about
  * Travel and Foodie Adventures
  * contact
  * 

Join my Free Recipe Club

Search...

Taste and Tell

Come experience a taste of life!

Main Menu

Display Search Bar

Search...

  * All Recipes
  * Course
    * Appetizers
    * Bread
    * Breakfast & Brunch
    * Dessert
    * Drinks
    * Main Dishes
    * Salads
    * Side Dish
    * Soup
  * Ingredient
    * Avocado
    * Bacon
    * Beef
    * Cheese
    * Chicken
    * Chocolate
    * Coconut
    * Eggs
    * Fish
    * Fruit
    * Lemon
    * Pasta
    * Peanut Butter
    * Pork
    * Red Velvet
    * Shredded Chicken
    * Vegetables
  * Cooking Method
    * Stove Top
    * Bake
    * Grill
    * Slow Cooker
    * Instant Pot
    * One Pot/Pan
    * No Bake
  * Cuisine
    * American
    * Italian
    * Mexican
    * Asian

###### Join the Free Recipe Club

Sign Up

## All Latest

Home / All Recipes / Course / Main Dishes / Chicken

Posted: 04/28/2019

# Sweet and Sour Chicken Recipe

Total Time: 1 hour 25 mins ★★★★★ 96 Reviews Jump to Recipe

__ __ __

_This post may contain affiliate links. Read myprivacy & disclosures._

 _Skip the take out - this Sweet and Sour Chicken Recipe is so good that
you’ll put it on the permanent rotation. Chicken is coated in a sweet and
sticky sauce and baked to perfection._

 **PIN IT FOR LATER!**

Years ago, I worked in an office where they would bring in lunch every day. I
mostly skipped that lunch and opted to head home for my lunch hour instead,
but every once in awhile, I'd stick around and have some of the lunch that was
provided that day.

I remember one day, (I was pregnant with my first child, so let's blame this
on pregnancy haha), the lunch was from a local Chinese restaurant. And it
smelled so good. So I decided to have lunch at work that day. I chose out an
egg roll and some sweet and sour chicken, then went to my desk to eat - only
to be completely disappointed. It was not good at all, and I don't think I
even ended up eating it.

That is what led me to this recipe so many years ago. It has now been here on
Taste and Tell for over 10 years and remains a favorite for a good reason -
it's so stinking good. It's one of those rare meals that everyone in my family
likes. And yes - it's so much better than that takeout sweet and sour chicken!
I think I'll forget the take-out Chinese from now on and make this Sweet and
Sour Chicken Recipe!

## How to Make Sweet and Sour Chicken

This recipe is a little different, but trust me here!

  1. Start by cutting the chicken into bite sized pieces and seasoning them with salt and pepper.
  2. Place the cornstarch in one shallow bowl, and the eggs in another shallow bowl. Beat the eggs lightly.
  3. Take each piece of chicken and dredge it in the cornstarch. Then dip it in the egg. Transfer that to a skillet with oil that has been heated over medium-high heat. And yes - you dip in the cornstarch then the egg - this is a little different than a lot of other recipes.
  4. Cook the chicken in batches, just until it is browned. The chicken will bake in the oven, so this is just to brown and crisp up the chicken, not to cook it through. Transfer the chicken to a baking dish.
  5. In a bowl, combine your sauce ingredients - sugar, ketchup, vinegar, soy sauce and garlic powder. Pour this mixture over the chicken in the baking dish.
  6. Bake the chicken at 325ºF for an hour, stirring it every 15 minutes.
  7. Serve the sweet and sour chicken over rice and be prepared to never want to get it for take out again!

## More Chinese Recipes

Daddy Wu's Chinese Chicken  
Pressure Cooker Cashew Chicken  
Kung Pao Chicken Recipe  
Easy Lo Mein Recipe  
Easy Egg Roll Recipe  
Orange Chicken  
General Tso's Chicken

### Tools Used to Make this Sweet and Sour Chicken Recipe

  * My favorite skillet, especially for this recipe, is my cast iron skillet.
  * I like to use tongs to dredge the chicken into the cornstarch, eggs and oil.
  * I love my rice cooker and rarely cook rice any other way.

###### Looking for more free recipes?

Subscribe to my free recipe newsletter to get new family friendly recipes in
your inbox each week! Find me sharing more family-friendly inspiration on
Pinterest and Instagram.

## Sweet and Sour Chicken Recipe

* * *

★★★★★

4.8 from 96 reviews

  * Author: Deborah
  * Prep Time: 25 mins
  * Cook Time: 1 hour
  * Total Time: 1 hour 25 mins
  * Yield: 6 servings 1x
  * Category: Main Dish
  * Method: Bake
  * Cuisine: Asian

 __Print Recipe

__Pin Recipe

### Description

Skip the take out - this Sweet and Sour Chicken Recipe is so good that you’ll
put it on the permanent rotation. Chicken is coated in a sweet and sticky
sauce and baked to perfection.

* * *

Scale 1x2x3x

### Ingredients

  * 2 1/2 lbs boneless, skinless chicken breasts
  * salt and pepper
  * 1 cup cornstarch
  * 3 eggs, lightly beaten
  * 1/4 cup vegetable oil
  * 1 cup sugar
  * 6 tablespoon ketchup
  * 3/4 cup apple cider vinegar
  * 1 1/2 tablespoons soy sauce
  * 1 1/2 teaspoons garlic powder

* * *

### Instructions

  1. Cut the chicken into bite-sized chunks. Season with salt and pepper.
  2. Preheat the oven to 325ºF.
  3. Put the cornstarch in a shallow bowl. Put the eggs in a separate bowl. Place the oil in a large skillet and heat over medium-high heat. Working in batches, dredge the chicken in the cornstarch, then dip in the egg. Add to the hot oil and brown on all sides. You do not need to cook the chicken through, just brown the outside to get a crispy exterior. Transfer the chicken to a 9×13-inch baking dish and continue with the remaining chicken.
  4. In a bowl, combine the sugar, ketchup, cider vinegar, soy sauce and garlic powder. Pour the sauce over the top of the chicken.
  5. Bake the chicken for 1 hour, stirring every 15 minutes. Serve over prepared rice.

### Recipe Notes:

Adapted from Mel’s Kitchen Cafe

Nutrition information provided as an estimate only. Various brands and
products can change the counts. Any nutritional information should only be
used as a general guideline. Nutritional counts do not include rice for
serving.

### Nutrition

  *  **Calories:** 528
  *  **Sugar:** 36 g
  *  **Sodium:** 1316 mg
  *  **Fat:** 17 g
  *  **Saturated Fat:** 3 g
  *  **Unsaturated Fat:** 11 g
  *  **Trans Fat:** 0 g
  *  **Carbohydrates:** 58 g
  *  **Fiber:** 0 g
  *  **Protein:** 42 g
  *  **Cholesterol:** 185 mg

Keywords: sweet and sour chicken

__

### Did you make this recipe?

Tag me on Instagram @tasteandtell and hashtag it #tasteandtell or leave me a
comment & rating below.

__ __ __ __ __

### You may also like...

  * Pineapple Chicken

  * Baked Sweet and Sour Chicken

  * Pineapple Chicken

  * Pineapple Chicken

### Receive Free Recipes in Your Inbox

Subscribe to email updates for new recipes delivered to your inbox!

Sign Up

#### Meet Deborah

Welcome to Taste and Tell. Here you will find easy, fast and family friendly
recipes. I am a believer that anyone can cook and that dinner doesn’t have to
be complicated. Come join me in my kitchen! Read More

Previous Post

Grilled Mexican Corn on the Cob

Next Post

Lemon Pancakes

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Comment... Cancel reply

Recipe rating _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Current ye@r *

Leave this field empty

####  Comments

  1. Melanie says

October 8, 2008 at 3:04 pm

Deborah - I feel honored you made this, liked it and posted about it! Your
pictures are always so great - I wish you could be at my house to take
pictures of my food. 🙂 I'm glad you liked it!

Reply

    * MabelI zoet says

August 1, 2021 at 12:41 pm

love this recipe it is so good.

★★★★★

Reply

    * Brandi Fleshman says

April 27, 2022 at 2:57 pm

This is my husbands favorite meal I make. This is what he gets for birthdays
and when I’m feeling like treating him! It does take a bit of time since I
have to use more chicken since we are a family of 7. But it’s so worth it!!  
I was just thinking this evening as I was preparing this dish… I wonder if I
could do this in strips.. Chinese chicken strips…? It would take less time for
me to fry for our family… but I’m not sure. What do you think? Would I need to
cook longer? Or higher?

★★★★★

Reply

      * Deborah says

May 3, 2022 at 4:20 pm

I think it would totally work! I would just keep the temp and time the same
and just make sure it is cooked through before serving.

Reply

  2. kat says

October 8, 2008 at 3:57 pm

That does sound like a great version of sweet & sour

Reply

  3. Patsyk says

October 8, 2008 at 4:33 pm

Don't you love when you can make something even better at home, than take-out?
This one looks so good!

Reply

  4. Katerina says

October 8, 2008 at 4:44 pm

This sounds really good, I am amazed it doesn't dry out in the oven for a
whole hour!

Reply

    * Vicki says

March 3, 2020 at 8:18 am

Min chicken did turn out dry. I was careful not to over cook tasted the
chicken, it was tender the chicken,, not browned. may try it again but not
soon until I have a lot of leftovers. Cannot waste chicken so I expect the
,toughness and drynrss. Thanks

Reply

  5. Deborah says

October 8, 2008 at 4:48 pm

Katerina, I was surprised too!! I actually cranked up the heat a bit and only
had it in there for about 45 minutes because we were impatient, but it wasn't
dry at all!

Reply

    * Leah says

September 23, 2016 at 9:24 am

Hi, this recipe sounds yum!!! I usually bake chicken coated in corn flake
crumbs on 475 for about 23 minutes instead of frying, so that it's healthier.
Would that work for this kind of recipe?

Reply

      * Deborah says

September 26, 2016 at 8:34 pm

I haven't tried it, so I'm not sure, but I'm guessing it would be worth
trying! Let me know if you do and how it turns out.

Reply

        * Kate says

February 21, 2017 at 8:50 pm

This recipe was AMAZING!. not dry at all, and so much better than take out!
Ive made it three times, and will continue to have it in my meal rotation

Reply

      * Noele says

October 6, 2016 at 11:54 am

Not sure if the crumbs would stay on..the cornstarch way..its a fried on
coating..

Reply

        * Marriss says

December 3, 2016 at 3:09 am

Should I dip the chicken back in cornstarch after the egg? Or is it:
cornstarch, egg, pan fry? Or cornstarch, egg, cornstarch, pan fry?

Reply

          * Deborah says

December 4, 2016 at 12:55 am

It's just cornstarch, egg, then fry. 🙂

    * Emily S says

February 21, 2022 at 11:24 pm

Loved this recipe so much. I added some crushed garlic and ginger and served
it for a family dinner. I also mixed in some my aunt Nora's special powder
into the cornflower mix and it went down a treat. Everyone was raving on about
it for days after eating this.

Reply

  6. Jamie @ Baldwin Bungalow says

October 8, 2008 at 4:53 pm

Thank you for this recipe - I think I'm going to try it in the deep fryer.

Reply

  7. Maria says

October 8, 2008 at 5:01 pm

I am sure yours was MUCH better than the Chinese at work! That is nice they
provide food, but too bad it isn't good food! Glad you are able to go home. I
don't take a lunch at work…I am on the Governor's 4-10 work schedule so I like
to save my time to go home early…I just bring food to eat at my desk. It
usually isn't that exciting:)

Reply

  8. Happy cook says

October 8, 2008 at 5:10 pm

I love sweet and sour chicken and this looks delicious.  
I too am always disapointed if i get takeawya chines, so now a days i dodn't
do it.  
Just try to make them myself

Reply

  9. Rosa's Yummy Yums says

October 8, 2008 at 5:18 pm

A wonderful version of that yummy classic! Delicious!

Cheers,

Rosa

Reply

  10. Aggie says

October 8, 2008 at 5:28 pm

I'm always craving Chinese food, pregnant or not. I will have to try this!
Looks great!

Reply

  11. Ginny says

October 8, 2008 at 5:38 pm

Looking good! I never try my hand at Asian food and I really should! 🙂

Reply

  12. Patricia Scarpin says

October 8, 2008 at 6:38 pm

Deb, sweetie! You served it with rice - something Brazilians love! 🙂  
My mouth is watering.

Reply

  13. Colleen says

October 8, 2008 at 6:40 pm

Oooh, I like that this is baked instead of totally fried. Definitely starred
this!

Reply

  14. Veronica says

October 8, 2008 at 6:50 pm

What a simple delicious sounding dish. How nice that you can go home for
lunch!

Reply

  15. Aimée says

October 8, 2008 at 7:14 pm

That sucks when you are craving something and then it turns out to be so blah.
This looks like a recipe to try-maybe my little one will even eat it…

Reply

  16. Dawn says

October 8, 2008 at 9:41 pm

Oh these look very crispy!! They came out really good. I love these crispy and
greasy, ready to absorb that s&s sauce!

Reply

  17. noble pig says

October 8, 2008 at 10:17 pm

I love the crispy look, so beautiful! I bet the baby loved it too!

Reply

  18. CECIL says

October 8, 2008 at 10:25 pm

There is nothing like good old sweet sour chicken!! Come to think of it, this
was the first dish I made for my husband when we were dating!!

You did a great job!

Reply

  19. Mandy says

October 8, 2008 at 10:41 pm

I am so glad you posted this recipe. I feel like I have Tex-Mex and Italian
food down pretty well…but Asian food, thats a different story. I tried stir-
fry once (I know, how can you screw that up?) and I screwed it up big time.
Your recipe looks so good and sounds so straight forward. I will let you know
how mine turns out.

Reply

  20. Sophie says

October 9, 2008 at 12:13 am

I probably would've thrown it away too, especially after coming across this
recipe. Thanks for posting this. I only eat this every once in a blue moon,
but I'm never the one who makes it :D…that's going to change now :).

Reply

  21. Jenny says

October 9, 2008 at 12:53 am

Yum, I could go for some sweet and sour chicken right about now. It looks
great!

Reply

  22. Mrs Ergül says

October 9, 2008 at 1:24 am

I have recently made 1 sweet and sour chicken too. The only difference is that
I pan-fried the chicken chunks instead of baking them!

Reply

  23. Elle says

October 9, 2008 at 2:10 am

This is a yummy sounding version of sweet and sour…a winner! Glad you are
taking that hour to eat well (and maybe rest a little?)…you will have the most
gorgeous baby…I just know it.

Reply

  24. Lisa says

October 9, 2008 at 3:34 am

This looks much better than take out.

Reply

  25. KJ says

October 9, 2008 at 5:45 am

This looks so good. Really delicious!!

Reply

  26. Paula says

October 9, 2008 at 5:52 am

Sweet and sour chicken is the one Chinese dish my oldest daughter will eat. I
love what you did here. And, I had to muffle a cheer because your recipe is
gluten free, too! Yipee! Great post! This will get made in my kitchen! YUM!

Reply

  27. Paula says

October 9, 2008 at 5:54 am

Guess I should clarify my gluten free comment … we only use wheat free soy
sauce, so that makes it gluten free for us! The absence of wheat flour in the
chicken batter is genius!

Reply

  28. Joe Horn says

October 9, 2008 at 6:27 am

Looks great. I love anything with chicken because of the low calories.
Thanks!!!

Reply

  29. Peabody says

October 9, 2008 at 7:41 am

It's one of the few things I never make at home. It just never seems to work
out as well as my favorite Chinese place.  
Yours looks like it turned out really well though. Makes me want to give it
another try.

Reply

  30. Emiline says

October 9, 2008 at 9:11 am

Mmm, that looks good. Is this taken with your new camera? Your pictures are
always good.

Your job sounds like fun. I would love free food. Hey, you take advantage of
it.  
Well, when it's good anyway.

Reply

  31. Meeta says

October 9, 2008 at 12:18 pm

This sounds lovely. We have a University cafeteria and just like you I go
there on occasions because I think I would have the same weight problem!  
But I like the sound of this! Yummy!

Reply

  32. LyB says

October 9, 2008 at 12:23 pm

That sounds just delicious, and simple too, that's always a plus! Hope things
will get better at your job. 🙂

Reply

  33. Prudy says

October 9, 2008 at 12:28 pm

That does sound fabulous. I love chicken just like that-batter fried and then
sauced. How csn you go wrong? I love hearing about your growing baby. It's
such an exciting time. I'm never hungrier than when pregnant. Food just looks
and tastes so much better.

Reply

  34. Grace says

October 9, 2008 at 12:51 pm

yum-it's like a grown-up version of the chicken mcnuggets with sweet and sour
sauce that i loved as a kid. 🙂

Reply

  35. Mary says

October 9, 2008 at 1:45 pm

I used to work (for 6 years) in energy marketing and as a trader I wasn't
allowed to leave my desk either. One firm catered our lunches every day and
pretty much it was cafeteria food. blecch. (and yeah, I'm so glad to be out,
but I miss that paycheck!)

The chicken looks fantastic!

Reply

  36. April says

October 9, 2008 at 2:01 pm

I love sweet and sour chicken!! Yours looks great!

Reply

  37. Maris says

October 9, 2008 at 2:56 pm

I agree that sometimes takeout food is SO MUCH better when we make our own
versions. I've never made Chinese or really any type of Asian dish so I'm
definitely flagging this one to try soon!

Reply

  38. kellypea says

October 9, 2008 at 4:16 pm

I've never made S&W chicken but used to order it all the time when my family
went out for Chinese when I was a kid. That sauce ingredient list has my
tastebuds working. Pretty funny!

Reply

  39. JennDZ - The Leftover Queen says

October 9, 2008 at 4:44 pm

Looks great! I haven't had sweet and sour chicken in forever!

Reply

  40. Kelly says

October 9, 2008 at 11:31 pm

That sounds wonderful. If only I hadn't just BOUGHT sweet and sour chicken for
dinner right before I found this recipe!

Reply

  41. Kevin says

October 10, 2008 at 1:54 am

That sweet and sour chicken looks perfectly golden brown and good!

Reply

  42. bbaking says

October 10, 2008 at 7:38 am

aaah who doesn't love chines food? This recipe sounds so simple and yummy.

Reply

  43. Colleen says

October 17, 2008 at 2:53 pm

I just made this and it is GOOD! I posted it on my blog - thanks for sharing!

Reply

  44. Huy says

October 24, 2008 at 11:05 pm

Hi, Deborah! I was going to post a comment on your blog to tell you that I
used your recipe but my popup blocker was acting up and wouldn't let me!

But thanks for the wonderful recipe and for visiting my blog! I definitely
share you sentiment about Chinese takeout -- why order out now when you can
make it BETTER at home? Thanks again for the recipe 🙂

Reply

  45. ALEX & KARI says

November 4, 2008 at 4:54 am

I made this last night and it was killer! My husband and daughter gave it an
A+! It was a little labor intensive but was worth it. Thanks for the great
recipe!

Reply

  46. ALEX & KARI says

November 4, 2008 at 4:54 am

I made this last night and it was killer! My husband and daughter gave it an
A+! It was a little labor intensive but was worth it. Thanks for the great
recipe!

Reply

  47. Anna at Mediocre Chocolate says

December 10, 2008 at 7:36 am

I was searching for a good homemade sweet and sour sauce recipe, and found
yours. I also found a fellow blogger who's being led by cravings and a
steadily increasing waistline! Looks yummy, I'll have to try it-baby's been
craving Chinese!

Reply

  48. Anonymous says

December 31, 2008 at 7:35 pm

This looks delicous!!

Reply

  49. Memória says

June 4, 2009 at 10:52 pm

I tried this about a week ago, and it was perfect!! Wow! I had to call my mom
and tell her about it lol. In Austin, there aren't many good Chinese
restaurants (IMHO). So, it is nice to know that I can make my favorite,
Chinese dishes on my own. Thanks!

Reply

  50. Sarah says

January 8, 2010 at 1:00 am

I made this for dinner tonight and it was a hit!  
My kiddos helped me make this and they thought the sauce was going to be
horrible since it had sugar, ketchup and vinegar in it (they prepared that
part of the recipe). Anyways, both kids had 2 servings of this and the hubs
had 2 1/2 servings. Thanks for a great recipe!!

Reply

  51. Madison Marie says

November 22, 2010 at 6:55 pm

Thanks so much for posting this! I tried it last night and I just mentioned it
in my very first blog. This is such a great recipe!

Reply

  52. T and C Bakery says

March 1, 2011 at 8:04 pm

Looks so good, I'm going to have to try it 🙂

Reply

  53. Jersey Girl Cooks says

June 2, 2015 at 7:24 am

This looks much better than any take out! Bookmarking as my family would love
this.

Reply

  54. Serena Waits says

June 3, 2015 at 12:18 pm

I cooked this tonight for my parents and let's just say we will not be
ordering sweet and sour from the Chinese take out anymore!!

Reply

  55. Lisa says

June 9, 2015 at 5:03 pm

I love this recipe, but the long office story I could of done without. Its
better to keep it short and sweet.

Reply

  56. Atya says

June 23, 2015 at 9:38 am

I make this replacing the chicken with cauliflower florets. You have to
slightly steam the florets before you fry. No need to bake. Comes out very
tasty. Almost tastes like chicken.  
Can make it as a vegetarian dish or have a combination of chicken and
cauliflower nuggets.  
And I mix up the corn flour into the eggs as a dip to fry. No water.

Reply

  57. Anastasia says

June 23, 2015 at 3:34 pm

I cooked it tonight. It was easy and turned out very-very tasty. Thank you!

Reply

  58. Mary says

July 3, 2015 at 10:31 am

this is the best sweet and sour chicken .I also added pineapple tidbits.
DELISH!!

Reply

  59. Janet Bradley says

November 7, 2015 at 6:41 am

Could I double the sauce in this recipe. We like a lot of sauce to put on
chicken and rice. This dish sounds amazing!!!!!!!

Reply

    * Deborah says

November 7, 2015 at 10:54 pm

You can! I have already increased the sauce from the original recipe because
we are sauce lovers, too, but I'm sure you can double this as well!

Reply

  60. Roger says

February 1, 2016 at 4:12 pm

Your directions say put in cornstarch first, then put it in the egg.  
Is this correct? Most recipes have you dip something in egg first.

Reply

    * Deborah says

February 2, 2016 at 10:23 pm

Yep - the recipe is correct. 🙂

Reply

  61. Shannon says

February 16, 2016 at 4:34 pm

Hello do you brown or white sugar?

Reply

    * Deborah says

February 17, 2016 at 10:43 pm

It is regular white sugar.

Reply

  62. Sharon Campbell says

February 17, 2016 at 5:02 pm

Made this for dinner tonight and it was very good. Usually make my chicken
balls a little different but these were quite tasty. Sauce is quite sweet but
these were a bit easier to do than mine and will use this recipe again. My
husband even liked them and he is hard to please. (Meat and potato man) thanks
for the great recipe.

Reply

  63. Max says

April 17, 2016 at 2:03 pm

Best S/S Chicken the wife and i have ever had ,,,and the sauce is amazing , i
could drink a gallon lol.Thanks !!!

Reply

  64. Faye says

April 24, 2016 at 10:32 am

This is very similar to a recipe I make for sweat and sour meatballs except I
use regular vinegar and brown sugar but not as much. To add another dimension
of flavour add chunks of pineapple.

Reply

  65. Roger says

May 3, 2016 at 9:49 pm

Made this for dinner this evening and I can tell you that it came out
wonderful ..The sauce was a little too sweet, but it may be because I used
brown sugar brom the Caribbean. All in all it's a wonderful dish

Reply

  66. Jenn says

May 17, 2016 at 10:51 pm

Hey! I just had to ask,

Dip in corn starch and then egg..and then starch again? Or starch, egg, then
into the pan?

Reply

    * Deborah says

May 18, 2016 at 12:15 am

Just the starch, egg, then the pan. It's a little different, but it totally
works! 🙂

Reply

  67. Aliyah says

June 9, 2016 at 5:21 pm

Great looking recipe! I didn't have like half the things on this list lol. I
used flour instead of cornstarch, barbecue sauce instead of ketchup, and
regular white vinegar instead of apple cider vinegar! I also used pre cooked
canned chicken (sounds gross but actually very enjoyable) instead of raw
chicken breast! I served over a mix of whole wheat couscous and kinawa. The
family loved it and was very impressed that I, the 14 year old of the family,
made it! Thanks!!

Aliyah

Reply

    * Deborah says

June 9, 2016 at 9:54 pm

I am super impressed that at 14 you are able to improvise so well!!

Reply

  68. Silvia says

June 11, 2016 at 1:25 pm

Today I coocked your receipe and I love it 😍

Reply

  69. Faye D says

August 15, 2016 at 4:34 pm

Not impressed with this recipe, i followed it to the T and it still came out
awful :/ Ended up making my own sauce to cover it up. Not good! I don't
recommend it.

Reply

  70. Marty says

December 26, 2016 at 5:26 am

I've been making sweet and sour pork and chicken for over 40 years….my
husbands fave. This recipe is the best by far. I had my doubts how it would
turn out and made it for family meal. Grandchildren are my best critics. Well,
everyone LOVED IT! It's a 10+!!! I'm going to try with pork. Also add some
pineapple chunks and green pepper the last half hour. YUMMY!

Reply

    * Deborah says

January 2, 2017 at 10:57 pm

I'm so glad you enjoyed it!

Reply

    * Cindy c says

February 14, 2017 at 12:48 am

I am going to try this ……..looks delicious. I have only eaten it served with
bell pepper an pineapple chunks.

Reply

  71. Sharon Noyes says

January 5, 2017 at 5:16 am

We have made this several times and it is fantastic.My grandson loves it so
much,he'd eat it everynight.He is in Culinary at school and is bringing this
recipe in today so the class can make it……

Reply

  72. Sabrina A Francia says

January 10, 2017 at 9:09 am

Pregnancy craving kicked in for sweet and sour chicken one day… So I searched
for a recipe. Something that looked and tasted as authentic as possible. I
thought this recipe looked really good, so I decided to try it and it's now
one of my favorite dishes! So Delicious. Thanks for sharing.

Reply

  73. Connie says

February 7, 2017 at 7:08 pm

To the recipe. I cut red and green bell peppers a little  
Celery chunks put in oven with chicken and sauce  
Wish I had pu pineapple it could have more sauce.  
Wonderful.

Reply

  74. Bernard G says

February 8, 2017 at 6:27 pm

Awesome! Never cooked sweet and sour chicken before. My family loved it.
Thanks

Reply

    * Deborah says

February 8, 2017 at 9:39 pm

I'm so glad it was a hit!

Reply

  75. Samantha says

February 23, 2017 at 10:56 pm

This chicken was so yummy! My whole family loved it. The sauce was thin at
first and i was worried but it thickened up while baking

Reply

  76. Samantha Esqueda says

March 7, 2017 at 5:18 pm

So delicious! We have no good Chinese takeout around us, so I will definitely
make this again when I'm craving Chinese food. Doubled it and it came out
great, although it did take longer than I expected it to take to make.

Reply

  77. Sam I. says

May 14, 2017 at 9:25 am

I love sweet and sour chicken, can’t wait to try this out. Thanks for the
recipe!

Reply

  78. kanpur chicken online says

June 5, 2017 at 6:46 am

This recipe is very nice and eassy to follow..Thanks for sharing the
recipe..Thank you..

Reply

  79. M symons says

February 10, 2018 at 5:49 am

Sauce never thickened. Cooked it an extra 15 minutes without success. What did
I do wrong? Tasted fine.

Reply

  80. Shirley says

February 27, 2018 at 6:54 pm

I made this recipe for the first time a few days ago. It’s so good. Im still
eating left overs and omg is it so good. Thank you!

Reply

  81. Jeanette O says

March 2, 2018 at 8:47 am

Are you sure the recipe is correct? Mine turned out really bad. The only taste
was of the apple cider vinegar. It was really bad and ended up in the garbage.

Reply

    * Deborah says

March 6, 2018 at 10:51 pm

I'm so sorry you didn't love it! The recipe is correct, but I know everyone
has different tastes. 🙂

Reply

  82. Patty says

March 8, 2018 at 4:29 pm

Hello. Do u have to use Apple cider vinegar?

Reply

    * Deborah says

March 24, 2018 at 12:21 am

Feel free to experiment! I've only made it with apple cider vinegar, but I'm
guessing it would be fine with regular white vinegar.

Reply

      * Martina says

April 13, 2018 at 2:07 pm

I just did the recipe and instead on apple cider vinegar, I just brown
vinegar. It tasted delicious.

Reply

        * Deborah says

April 14, 2018 at 12:29 am

I'm so glad it worked with another vinegar - thanks for letting me know!!

Reply

  83. Lyn says

June 23, 2018 at 12:20 pm

Awesome! This was so easy and sooo good! Thank you!1

★★★★★

Reply

    * Deborah says

June 26, 2018 at 12:23 am

I'm so glad you enjoyed it!

Reply

  84. Joyce says

June 30, 2018 at 9:21 am

I did not follow cornstarch egg. I did egg cornstarch and it seemed to brown
more nicely. You could also forgo the egg and just wet the chicken with water.
I found this recipe to be delicious but I made some extra sauce using regular
vinegar, pineapple juice and I put in ginger. I also wanted more sauce so I
but the extra in and covered it for the first half hour. It came out
wonderful. I find recipes using all these pots and pans and frying tedious and
stressful. I am going to try to find ways to simplify.

Reply

  85. Teresa Cole says

July 19, 2018 at 8:30 pm

This is the 'BEST' Sweet and Sour Chicken! I will be making this again! I also
sprinkled some crushed red pepper flakes after I put the chicken on my rice.
DELISH!

★★★★★

Reply

  86. Ann says

October 8, 2018 at 2:10 pm

Hi, I've been trying to find this recipe! It's my favorite sweet and sour
chicken recipe ever. I'm going through a divorce and my recipes are all in
storage, so I'm so very thankful to have found it again. Thanks so much and
have a blessed day, Ann

Reply

    * Deborah says

October 9, 2018 at 11:13 am

Yay! I'm so glad that you have found it again!

Reply

  87. Robin says

October 8, 2018 at 3:11 pm

Omg!! So good!!!  
My mom looked for the take out containers.

Reply

    * Deborah says

October 9, 2018 at 11:12 am

Haha - I love that!!

Reply

  88. Thahab says

October 22, 2018 at 7:50 am

Hello this looks amazing, can’t wait to try it , just was wandering, after the
whole frying process then chicken going in oven still be soggy? Or still
crunchy ?thank you!

Reply

  89. Rose Ann Smith says

October 30, 2018 at 8:57 pm

I added sliced green peppers and onions before baking. We thought it
delicious.

★★★★★

Reply

    * Deborah says

November 12, 2018 at 11:11 pm

I'm so glad you liked it!

Reply

  90. Teresa Bartos says

January 25, 2019 at 5:48 pm

Hi Deborah-was looking for something different for dinner-said to my husband
how about sweet & sour chicken? Chose your recipe and sooo glad i did!! It was
delicious And i know i will hear the microwave tonight as my husband has more
sweet & sour chicken for a late night snack!! This is an awesome recipe and
will be a regular at our house- will have to surprise my grandkids-can hardly
wait!!!!

Reply

  91. Diane M France says

February 23, 2019 at 9:16 pm

This was a home run!!!! My husband said this was better than the Asian place
in town. I only had one complaint my back was hurting by the time I got done.
The recipe makes a ton I didn't use the whole 2lbs, I only used about 1lb and
we still have enough for an other meal.  
It was worth standing for, I will make this again.

★★★★★

Reply

  92. Sedric Battle says

May 20, 2019 at 10:34 pm

I followed your instructions to the letter and my meal turned out
PERFECTLY!!!! Thank you soooooo much! It taste Great! My family loved it!……

Reply

  93. Anna Koziol says

July 12, 2019 at 3:40 am

Just tried this recipe out and it was delicous, at first I was a bit worried
that it might taste too vinegary since the smell of the vinegar is prominent
but fortunately all the other ingredients balanced it out

★★★★★

Reply

  94. Elizabeth says

July 24, 2019 at 4:30 pm

We love this recipe and have been making it for a while so i needed to finally
leave a review..I always double this because we can never get enough of this!  
Thank you so much for the awesome recipe

★★★★★

Reply

  95. Laura D says

July 24, 2019 at 6:03 pm

LOVED IT!!  
This is a little bit of work, but well worth it!  
I didn't have apple cider vinegar, so I used regular, and I also didn't have
vegetable oil, so I used EVOO, and I only had one package of chicken breasts -
about a pound and a half. This turned out better than I could have imagined!
Tasted WAY better than the restaurant version!  
For the last 15 minutes, I turned the oven up to 425 since I had egg rolls to
cook as well, and it still turned out awesome - not dry at all! Would
definitely recommend!

★★★★★

Reply

  96. Ken T says

August 19, 2019 at 5:25 pm

I was looking for a quick recipe to go with white rice. This was excellent. I
added a bit of sautéed onion and pepper ( I happened to have an orange
pepper), and served some steamed broccoli on the side.

★★★★★

Reply

  97. David says

September 2, 2019 at 9:16 am

Came out perfect. i love this recipe! Taste even better the cold the next day

Reply

  98. Debbie says

October 29, 2019 at 2:37 pm

Don't scream at me but can you use frozen chicken nuggets instead of the raw
meat? This recipe looks really good and I can't wait to try it.

Reply

    * Deborah says

October 29, 2019 at 5:49 pm

I wouldn't see why not! If you try, let me know how it turns out!

Reply

  99. Cheryl says

November 12, 2019 at 11:23 am

Delicious and easy to prepare

★★★★★

Reply

  100. Patti caldwell says

November 23, 2019 at 6:34 pm

Amazing. Kids and I loved this recipe. Doubled the recipe and added pineapple
to one dish. Kids requested this recipe every night.

★★★★★

Reply

  101. Aaron says

December 5, 2019 at 9:40 am

This recipe is the best one I tried. My wife was very impressed. I give it a
5.

Reply

  102. Traci says

December 9, 2019 at 2:31 pm

This is an excellent recipe. I prefer this over take out, hands down! It's
also really good with pork. It's even approved by my toddlers. Thanks for the
recipe!

★★★★★

Reply

  103. Jessica says

December 11, 2019 at 10:26 pm

This recipe is delicious! I made it for my family this evening and they loved
it. I will keep this recipe in my list of favorites for future use. Thanks for
sharing!

★★★★★

Reply

  104. Jane says

December 27, 2019 at 5:12 pm

I never leave reviews but I'm going to do just that. I like simple recipes and
the others had peppers and pineapple so I decided to try this one for
Christmas dinner. I'll admit, I was weary about dipping in corn starch and
then egg because I hate burned eggs and was afraid it would carry over in the
flavor. I was highly delighted that it didnt. This was the most tender chicken
ever and it was actually better than restaurants. Its 2 days later and I'm
about to. Make a huge batch because my oldest and I are in the midst of a love
affair with this recipe. Thank you for sharing.

★★★★★

Reply

  105. Linda Guerra says

December 30, 2019 at 7:35 pm

Absolutely delicious

★★★★★

Reply

  106. Melissa says

January 2, 2020 at 8:11 pm

This recipe turned out so delicious!! I was worried my egg didnt stick to my
cornstarch very well but it turned out amazing. I wish I could submit a photo
lol

★★★★★

Reply

  107. Sharon Thomas says

January 14, 2020 at 7:48 pm

Made this recipe for dinner tonight, family loved it. Made a few modifications
to the recipe because the family didn't want to wait an hour for it to bake.
The dish still turned out fabulous.

★★★★★

Reply

  108. Carol says

January 15, 2020 at 7:23 am

This is the best new-to-me recipe I have tried in ages! I added pineapple
chunks, but otherwise stuck to the recipe. It was absolutely delicious. I will
be making this again and again.

★★★★★

Reply

  109. Milan says

January 16, 2020 at 2:11 pm

This recipe turned out amazing! Everyone in the family loved it! 10/10
recommend!!

★★★★★

Reply

  110. Nicolees says

February 15, 2020 at 10:25 am

It's so delicious!! Same or even better than take away. I love it. Defo my fav
sweet and sour! Thanks for sharing!

Reply

  111. Lisa Seymour says

February 15, 2020 at 3:54 pm

I am going to make this for supper tomorrow,it sounds so good,and easy to
make!

Reply

  112. Kamara says

February 16, 2020 at 4:21 pm

Recipe is really good and I've used it for a few years now but the only thing
I've switch up is baking it for an hour. What I do is take the sauce and pour
it over the chicken in a wok or a big pan and toss over the heat till it
sticks to the chicken. Takes way less time for the same result

★★★★

Reply

  113. Erin Pollard says

February 16, 2020 at 8:47 pm

This is the best recipe I have ever followed. It was so good. Thank you for
sharing this. I love it and I will continue to use it. Thank you 🙏🏻

★★★★★

Reply

  114. Beverly Heron says

February 25, 2020 at 5:32 pm

This was the BEST sweet & sour chicken I have ever had! My husband said it was
exceptional and a keeper.

Reply

  115. Jim Hartnett says

March 9, 2020 at 3:15 pm

Great tasting sweet and sour chicken. My wife’s favorite. Don’t have to order
from takeout.

★★★★★

Reply

  116. mollie duvall says

March 26, 2020 at 7:42 pm

Made this tonight. It is immediately going into the rotation, per my husband's
request! I cut the recipe in half, as it is just the two of us. Perfect!

★★★★★

Reply

  117. Linda dickinson says

March 29, 2020 at 12:22 am

This sounds delicious but have never had sweet and sour without bell peppers
in it. At what point could I add them in?

Reply

  118. BC says

March 29, 2020 at 1:47 pm

This recipe is awesome! Delicious! I will plan on making double the sauce next
time. Thank you for sharing this recipe!

Reply

  119. J Moore says

March 29, 2020 at 3:08 pm

Would chicken thighs work?

★★★★★

Reply

    * Deborah says

April 2, 2020 at 12:06 pm

Yep!

Reply

  120. DENNIS says

March 29, 2020 at 3:52 pm

I have been making this same recipe for 20 yrs,but use italian bread crumbs
,never used corn starch

Reply

  121. Inez Stafford says

April 8, 2020 at 10:42 am

This was awesome, we made it with chinese noodles. Added teriyaki sauce,
sesame oil, soya sauce spring onions and chives. Will def make this again.
Fantastic thank you

★★★★★

Reply

  122. Rosalinda Traiman says

April 11, 2020 at 6:15 pm

when you first cook the chicken its cornstarch, eggs then pan. Is the chicken
crispy? And will there be cooked egg on the outside of the chicken?

Reply

    * Deborah says

April 20, 2020 at 8:24 pm

It turns out like breaded chicken. The order of dipping the chicken is a
little different than most, but it totally works here!

Reply

  123. Camille Sardath says

April 12, 2020 at 12:58 pm

Excellent!!! You dont miss take out with this recipe. Intend to make this
again.

★★★★★

Reply

  124. John Doe says

April 13, 2020 at 1:57 pm

I loved this recipe so much!

★★★★★

Reply

  125. Brooke says

April 13, 2020 at 8:02 pm

Was good but to much apple cider vinegar- next time I’ll have to double that
down- why do recipes call for too much with stuff like that?!?!? It just ruins
stuff

★★★

Reply

    * Cody E says

May 19, 2020 at 8:12 pm

Brook. You can slice up 1 orange, 1 lemon, and some slices of a ginger root,
place it into 5 cups of water and cook on high until it boils. After that you
can turn it down to medium heat and keep it going for 30 mins from when you
started heating the sauce. Then you just pour out over a sieve or if you don’t
have that just a strainer and then a splatter guard (the mesh ones for the
tops of your pans with the handle) and then add 3/4-1cup of ketchup and 3
tablespoons of corn starch and stirr until it thickens (about 10-15 minutes)
on medium high heat.

Reply

  126. Edie says

April 15, 2020 at 6:33 pm

This was a very good recipe.  
I did add orange juice because I may have put too much vinegar  
But it was delicious  
Thank you!!!

★★★★★

Reply

  127. Lauren says

April 18, 2020 at 2:08 am

I completely skipped the whole oven part and just fried the chicken on a lower
heat until the chicken was cooked on the inside and they came out perfectly
tender and delicious. So if you dont have time to use the oven or want to save
electricity I recommend doing the same! Loved the recipe!

Reply

  128. Rosie miller says

April 18, 2020 at 5:39 pm

I loved this recipe. I have made it numerous times and my family loves it

★★★★★

Reply

  129. Marissa Bok says

April 21, 2020 at 6:18 pm

This was very good, it was time consuming but def worth it. I followed it to a
T with the exception of adding pineapple, sliced green pepper, sprinkling of
red pepper flakes and sesame seeds in the last 30 minutes. I cannot believe
how well this came out and it was well received by all. i read some comment
their chicken was dry, I did not experience this at all. Mine was juicy and
nicely breaded. Thanks!

Reply

  130. Elaine Brazier says

April 23, 2020 at 5:31 am

Very good.  
I added some diced red pepper fried in the leftover oil and added to the sauce
for the last ten minutes.  
I served in noodles soaked in broth and then drained with a nice big blob of
butter!

Reply

  131. Ashley says

May 1, 2020 at 10:17 am

Breading was good and chicken was moist. WAY too much vinegar for the sauce!
That’s all you smell and taste. Sauce didn’t have much covering it.

★★★★

Reply

  132. Tina says

May 4, 2020 at 11:21 am

I don’t eat Chinese food  
But my family loves it  
So when I used your recipe for sweet and sour  
Chicken last night  
They thought it was amazing  
Thanks so much

Reply

  133. Steve Nicholson says

May 7, 2020 at 1:18 am

Yeah this was good. Light batter on the chicken and well balanced textured
sauce. Added the cooked light battered chicken to the sauce at the very end.
Coated it in sweet and sour sauce lost a smidgeon of its crunchiness but
that's the way it's meant to be. Otherwise you might as well do supermarkety
deep fried chicken nuggets from Idaho with a sachet of sauce made in
Bakersfield or somewhere.

★★★★

Reply

  134. Kim Petersen says

May 7, 2020 at 3:16 am

Oh my goodness! This is just the best ever. I made it last night for my
family. It just took longer than expected to fry the chicken pieces. Next
time, I won't use 2 packs of chicken! My 7 year old went mad for it. Thank you
for a winning recipe.

★★★★★

Reply

  135. Gillian Piper says

May 22, 2020 at 11:33 pm

This is a great recipe. I actually dropped the cubes into a fat fryer and
cooked them all the way through just a few minutes and added the sauce as I
served it…. Yummmy . Thank you have made it twice now.

★★★★★

Reply

  136. Kimberly A Collins says

May 28, 2020 at 10:21 am

I'm making this tonight for my kids. Is there a way to lower the sodium
without taking away from the taste?

Reply

  137. eliza jane says

May 31, 2020 at 11:34 am

omg! i have made this recipe constantly and it’s such a win! (it’s a little
time consuming) but i’m 12 and it’s pretty easy! best chicken ever!

★★★★★

Reply

  138. Cristina says

June 8, 2020 at 7:28 pm

It was sooooo good!

★★★★★

Reply

  139. Rae says

June 14, 2020 at 3:19 pm

So delicious, and so easy. A family favorite.

★★★★★

Reply

  140. V says

June 25, 2020 at 7:19 pm

I loved this recipe! So simple - so rich!

★★★★★

Reply

  141. Kayleigh says

July 2, 2020 at 2:01 pm

We loved this. We added diced red pepper and onions and next time will add
pineapple chunks too. It was delicious. Will make extra sauce next time to
pour over once cooked

★★★★★

Reply

  142. akiko says

July 18, 2020 at 6:24 pm

I've been using this recipe for TEN years…. that's crazy! I thought it was
time I left a comment 🙂 It's delicious!! Super easy and I love meals with
downtime.

★★★★★

Reply

  143. NicoleM says

August 4, 2020 at 5:09 pm

This recipe came out great! I reduced the sugar to 1/2 cup and it was plenty
sweet. I used less than 1.5lb of chicken so I was able to reduce the corn
starch to 1/2 cup and the eggs to 2. The flavor of the sweet and sour sauce
was spot on and family loved it served over rice and veggies on the side. This
is a keeper.  
NOTE that I sautéed and cooked this in the Instant Pot. After sautéing the
breaded chicken, I poured the sauce over it and cooked it on high pressure for
3 minutes. Came out PERFECT in less than 30 minutes.

★★★★★

Reply

  144. NicoleM says

August 4, 2020 at 5:14 pm

Subbed the 1 cup of white sugar for 1/2 cup of brown sugar… plenty sweet and
had a rich taste. Loved this recipe and it's now in my dinner rotation!

Reply

  145. DONNA WHITING says

August 10, 2020 at 4:42 pm

My whole family loved this dish and it was very easy to make!

★★★★★

Reply

  146. Alexis W. says

August 27, 2020 at 8:27 am

I wanted to love this dish so much!! I love the flavor but I definitely would
not pour the sauce on the fried chicken again and bake. It made it too soggy
for our liking. Ill make again but dip our chicken into the sauce

★★★

Reply

  147. Kathie says

August 29, 2020 at 7:49 pm

I made this recipe and then shared leftovers with my daughter and family.
Everyone loved it. Next time will try adding sweet peppers, pineapple and
water chestnuts. Requested by the kids. Thank you for a great recipe!

★★★★★

Reply

  148. Shameka Morgan says

September 9, 2020 at 6:59 am

Making this again today for the 2nd time.. my family loved it.. the chicken
was soooooooo tender it melt in your mouth.. I cooked it with homemade fried
rice..

★★★★★

Reply

  149. Home cook says

September 20, 2020 at 1:51 pm

The recipe was easy and great! My husband really enjoyed it! I have tried
other sweet and sour recipes, this is the best! Like eating at a fine dining
Chinese restaurant! I hallowed out a pineapple and served it in the hull. Very
good. I also made the pineapple chicken. Both recipes were great!

★★★★★

Reply

  150. Alana Nwamba says

October 2, 2020 at 2:07 am

I tried this recipe out last night and it was amazing! Thank you so much for
sharing! Will definitely be trying out more of your recipes soon 😉

Reply

  151. Ingvild Lopez says

October 3, 2020 at 12:08 pm

I love this!, just made it actually came out awesome instructions are easy to
follow. Thank you for sharing this.

★★★★★

Reply

  152. Sherrie Wilkerson says

October 4, 2020 at 2:16 pm

I made this yesterday, it was really good. The cornstarch and egg made a nice
tempura like fried texture. I was skeptical of the sauce because of the
ingredients and as I was mixing it up, all I could smell and taste was apple
cider vinegar , lol, but after cooking for an hour, wow! The flavors came
together and it was a hit .I'd love to try an orange chicken version of this.

Reply

    * Andrea says

December 28, 2020 at 5:26 pm

I noticed the ACV as well, but not after it cooked

Reply

  153. Michelle says

October 16, 2020 at 6:41 pm

This recipe was so good!! I added a little more seasoning to the chicken prior
to dipping but I will for sure make this again! The sauce set nicely after
coming out of the oven, the chicken was so juicy and perfect! I can't
compliment you enough on this recipe lol. Thank you!

★★★★★

Reply

  154. Cheryl Fey says

November 6, 2020 at 3:41 pm

Sweet and sour chicken is so good thank you for sharing it

★★★★★

Reply

  155. jordan rubin says

November 9, 2020 at 1:29 pm

the was very easy to follow and very good you did a great job at explaining
things and breaking it down to our understanding

★★★★★

Reply

  156. Susan says

November 10, 2020 at 5:18 pm

My family loved it and apparently it’s a “make again”. My youngest asked me to
pack the leftovers for lunch tomorrow

★★★★★

Reply

  157. Anja Radenkovic says

November 15, 2020 at 1:17 pm

I cooked this today and I just have two words to say….  
SO DELICIOUS

Reply

  158. Melody says

December 16, 2020 at 6:02 pm

Loved this! My whole family loved it as well!

★★★★★

Reply

  159. Madison says

December 16, 2020 at 9:37 pm

Oh my god this is the best sweet and sour chicken I've ever had i was not
expecting it to be this bomb. Thank you so much for an amazing recipe with a
unique approach. 🥰

★★★★★

Reply

  160. Lori says

December 23, 2020 at 8:16 pm

I have made this several times because everyone loves it.

★★★★★

Reply

  161. Ted says

December 25, 2020 at 7:46 pm

So so recipe. I followed recipe as described. However, I still like the
authentic version from Chinese restaurants. Will not make again.

★★

Reply

  162. Karisha Allen says

December 27, 2020 at 9:37 am

I love your recipes so much.

Reply

  163. Andrea says

December 28, 2020 at 5:24 pm

We enjoyed this recipe very much. Only problem is that it was a little dry. we
are having leftovers of it tonight. I am making the sauce again. When I make
this again I am doubling the sauce. I am cutting down on the sugar as well.

Reply

  164. Melinda says

January 1, 2021 at 11:58 am

This was amazing. I’ve never even had sweet and sour chicken, but my husband
requested it. I just happened to pick this recipe over all the others and I’m
so glad I did. This is definitely getting added to my meal rotation!

★★★★★

Reply

  165. Susan D Smith says

January 5, 2021 at 5:16 am

Loved this used panko couldn't get cornstarch lovely

Reply

  166. Allan Dionne says

January 10, 2021 at 11:50 am

I fried a couple of peppers and an onion to add to it,was beautiful

★★★★★

Reply

  167. Rosie miller says

January 10, 2021 at 4:34 pm

I have made this recipe several times and we absolutely love it. It's a little
bit of work but so worth the effort.i also make fried rice to go with it .this
is definitely a keeper Thank You!

Reply

  168. Angela Milon says

January 29, 2021 at 7:31 pm

So I mad this recipe and my family couldn't get over the smell from the apple
cidar vinegar. What could be substituted?

★

Reply

    * Deborah says

February 4, 2021 at 6:15 am

You could leave the vinegar out, but then it would just be sweet chicken. The
vinegar is what brings in the sour. The taste is much more mild than the
smell, though.

Reply

  169. Cindy S says

January 31, 2021 at 4:32 pm

Made this a couple of weeks ago and trying it again with pork, delicious!

★★★★★

Reply

  170. Stephanie Novello says

January 31, 2021 at 4:55 pm

This was super delicious, I added just a touch of pineapple juice for added
flavor as I am allergic to garlic and wanted to make sure there was additional
flavor. Tender and flavorful. Will definitely make again

Reply

  171. Jackie Lines says

February 2, 2021 at 5:18 pm

This recipe is the best! Never need take out Chinese now. A little fiddley but
worth the work!  
Thank you!!

★★★★★

Reply

  172. Grace says

February 2, 2021 at 8:52 pm

I tried this today. I first heated the oil, then dipped a few bite sized
pieces of chicken into cornstarch mix then egg and fried. I realized this
might take forever so I put the egg mixture on my seasoned chicken, mixed it
up. The I put the cornstarch mixture with a little self rising flour, (Used
for chicken fingers) in a paper bag. Like frying chicken. Shook it up fried it
up. Did the rest as follows. I added a little fish oil, and sesame oil.
Delish. Fish oil always seems to give me the missing *Something is missing*
from online recipes. It works miracles for fried rice. I thought it was gross
at first, But trust me. Make a stir fried rice with it, and you will know
automatically that is what has been missing. Any hoo. This is great. Only
issue I had was the color of the chicken. I was expecting golden. It was
fairly white. I might have over cooked the first batch. Thanks for sharing
this recipe. It was great.

Reply

  173. Mia says

February 15, 2021 at 11:31 pm

It was terrible. Avoid apple cider and use plain white vinegar

Reply

  174. Haylin Armendariz says

February 16, 2021 at 5:26 pm

IM SCREAMING THIS IS SO GOOD

★★★★★

Reply

  175. chantal says

February 27, 2021 at 10:38 am

i loved this recipe!!! tastes just like my favorite chinese dish!

Reply

  176. Judy says

March 4, 2021 at 6:02 pm

Absolutely delicious. I made it but added a few sweet peppers and pineapple.
It was beautiful and tasted just like I ordered it from the restaurant. I will
make it over and over.

★★★★★

Reply

  177. Patty says

March 5, 2021 at 7:40 am

I made this last night & what a treat!! Delicious!! I tweaked it a little by
using sesame oil with a little shaved ginger root to brown the chicken. When
it came out of the oven I sprinkled sesame seeds on top.  
This recipe by will be a regular!  
Thanks !!

★★★★★

Reply

  178. Lea says

March 29, 2021 at 8:52 pm

I tweaked this recipe a little bit by lowering the sugar and vinegar and
adding some carrots and sweet peppers, but this was really good!

★★★★★

Reply

  179. Prisca Jones says

April 18, 2021 at 5:46 pm

This recipe is just like the one a popular restaurant makes here on Aruba,
LOVED it!! My son actually told me thanks for leaving some for him. A sure hit
with my family too

★★★★★

Reply

  180. Liz says

April 20, 2021 at 7:38 am

Love it!! Just needs another batch of the sauce added to it if u use the full
two and a half pounds chicken. My husband even liked it and that’s saying
ALOT!! Lol

★★★★★

Reply

  181. Debbir says

April 21, 2021 at 3:14 pm

I Make this at least once a month we love it !!!

Reply

  182. Maggie DeLone says

May 2, 2021 at 9:30 am

This was amazing. My very picky husband said it tasted like take out. Do you
have a sesame chicken version? Baked in the same way but with a sesame chicken
sauce instead?

Reply

  183. Anita says

May 6, 2021 at 2:30 pm

Making it tonight, I’m adding pineapple and peppers before it goes into the
oven. Hope it’s good!

Reply

  184. Cecilmartin850@gmail.com says

May 8, 2021 at 7:46 am

GREAT FLAVOR:WILL COPY AND USE OFTEN::::THANKS

Reply

  185. Olga Martinez says

June 3, 2021 at 5:20 pm

I love sweet &sawer chicken delicious

★★★★★

Reply

  186. Sandra McIntyre says

June 5, 2021 at 11:49 am

So quick and easy and with fried rice a great Saturday night Fakeaway

★★★★★

Reply

  187. Nancy S. says

June 8, 2021 at 8:50 am

Not long ago we got takeout sweet and sour chicken from our local Chinese
restaurant, and it was a disgusting, mushy mess, so I decided to make this
last night. I added about 1 T of sesame seed oil to the oil I had to enhance
the flavor. I also added some fresh pineapple to the sauce. The most tedious
thing about making this is browning the chicken in batches. I used my wok but
I should have used the large iron skillet I have. Anyway, it turned out very
tasty. Next time I will thicken the sauce on the stovetop before dumping it on
the chicken, and I will probably double the recipe for the sauce because I
didn’t have much. I used a package of 3 boneless chicken breasts, cut into
bite sized pieces. Thanks for sharing your recipe. I will make it again. I was
concerned it wouldn’t be crispy after pouring all the sauce on it, but it held
up.

★★★★★

Reply

  188. Tim says

June 19, 2021 at 3:57 pm

This was better than any restuarant sweet n sour chicken iv ever had. IT WAS
DELICIOUS!!!!!

Reply

  189. Karyn says

July 4, 2021 at 4:15 am

This recipe was absolutely delicious. There was enough for the whole family
plus leftovers. We will definitely be making this again.

★★★★★

Reply

  190. Ginger Hill says

July 4, 2021 at 8:21 am

Delicious! I reduced the sugar and vinegar by half, and reduced cooking time
to 45 minutes. Was still delicious. Thank you for sharing it.

Reply

  191. Linda G says

July 20, 2021 at 11:05 am

This is such a great recipe I make it when I have people over

★★★★★

Reply

  192. Ingrid says

July 20, 2021 at 7:11 pm

This recipe is so good! I will definitely keep this!!

Reply

  193. Cathy says

July 23, 2021 at 4:15 pm

This recipe is from Mel's Kitchen Cafe  
I've been using it for 15 years.  
Very good but she deserves the attribution.

Reply

  194. Carol says

July 30, 2021 at 3:04 am

This sweet and sour chicken recipe is incredible. Better than any takeaway
I've ever had.

★★★★★

Reply

  195. Racquel says

August 15, 2021 at 9:16 am

Deborah, I tried this recipe and it rocked! My family enjoyed every bit. It
was so much better than going to a Chinese restaurant.

★★★★

Reply

  196. Ellen Merick says

September 3, 2021 at 8:09 pm

This was really good. My two granddaughters loved it too, and they can be
picky eaters.  
Next time, I'll dip in egg first, since that is the usual procedure for egg
dipping.

★★★★★

Reply

  197. J Ward says

September 10, 2021 at 9:13 pm

This recipe was SO delicious! Easy ingredients that you would typically have
sitting in the pantry.. A little time consuming, but so worth the time! This
will certainly become one that is cooked often in my family! Thank you for a
wonderful recipe!

★★★★★

Reply

  198. Sonia says

September 20, 2021 at 4:10 pm

Great dish I did add less vinegar it was way to much for me….I made it for my
granddaughter and she really loved…..Thank you for sharing the recipe.

★★★★★

Reply

  199. MarySC says

September 20, 2021 at 8:07 pm

I can’t rate this because I used a different sauce. I was intrigued by the
“cornstarch then egg”. I’ve been using cornstarch only for a long time. So I
tried 3 options- egg then cornstarch, only cornstarch, and cornstarch then
egg.. The first was heavier. There was virtually no difference between the
last two in texture or taste. However using the egg last was way more of a
mess both transferring to the fryer and in the fryer. I’ll stick with
cornstarch only,

Reply

  200. Stephanie Novello says

September 26, 2021 at 10:38 am

So easy and yummy! Even good as a left over, I make it often

★★★★★

Reply

  201. David white says

October 8, 2021 at 12:05 pm

I think this recipe is great I have just made this and it tasted yummy went
back for seconds I love sweet and sour this will be my go to recipe will defo
make again thank you for this great recipe

★★★★★

Reply

  202. Liberty G. says

October 14, 2021 at 12:09 pm

I made a double batch of this recipe for my guys at work, and they demolished
it! It turned out amazing and juicy, way better than the deep fried from take
out. Trying it out with pork loin cut into thin bite size pieces, currently in
the oven now. I'll update how it turns out! This recipe is definitely a
keeper!

★★★★★

Reply

  203. Saidbh O'Donnell says

October 15, 2021 at 7:55 am

This recipe was so much more than expected! I had been sick with norovirus and
I was just coming back around to eating and fancied something with rice (I
know a bit extreme from going from eating nothing lol) but this was just
divine and I'm so glad I made it! Everyone in the house gobbled it up too!

★★★★★

Reply

  204. ken Barbour Jr. says

October 25, 2021 at 5:07 pm

it was good , thankyou

Reply

  205. Sha'Maya says

October 26, 2021 at 12:01 pm

I love the recipe the food look so good and I really want to try it SO bad.

Reply

  206. mollie duvall says

November 3, 2021 at 2:22 pm

I discovered this recipe about a year ago and have made it 5 or 6 times. It is
soooo good and easy! My changes: I cut the chicken a little larger than bite
size. This reduces the possibility of the chicken drying out during the oven
time. I am cooking for two so, I cut the amount of chicken in half but, keep
the sauce amounts the same because we love the sauce over rice! I also garnish
with uncooked green onions. Restaurant quality dish, to quote my grateful
husband.

Reply

  207. Jo-Ann Villafuerte says

November 13, 2021 at 3:07 pm

I was looking for a chicken recipe and came across this recipe and it looked
so good good so I decided to try it. My family loved it, they commented, it’s
even better than the Chinese restaurants. This recipe did not disappoint!
Needless to say, I will be making this at home more when I’m craving this dish
instead of ordering out.

★★★★★

Reply

  208. Alan Willoughby says

December 2, 2021 at 5:56 am

I made this for my wife's birthday dinner and she was ecstatic. I did lightly
stir fry some yellow pepper, onion and carrot and added them while baking.
It's great to have something we can throw in the oven while walking the dog
and come home to a hot, delicious meal!

Reply

  209. Kris says

January 25, 2022 at 5:30 pm

Excellent! Nice and easy too. Will definitely do again.  
I have 3 other comments:  
1\. Turned out I was low on corn starch, so I cut in a bit of flour with what
corn starch I had. Worked out fine in case anyone else has this dilemma.  
2\. Used a large cast-iron stove-to-oven pan to sauté the chicken. Then I
reused it to bake the chicken. Meant one less cooking dish to wash.😀  
3\. I cut the sugar down to 2/3 cup, and it was plenty sweet for us.  
Thanks very much for sharing this keeper!

★★★★★

Reply

  210. Angel colon says

January 26, 2022 at 6:04 pm

I loved it, and thanks that was the first time I tried it, and my family loved
it.

★★★★★

Reply

  211. Barb says

February 16, 2022 at 11:42 am

Could I use boneless skinless chicken thighs for this recipe?

Reply

    * Deborah says

February 17, 2022 at 9:08 am

Yes, that should work just fine!

Reply

  212. Heidi C. Condon says

February 18, 2022 at 1:20 am

This was terrific! My husband said this recipe is a keeper. It was sticky and
the chicken was not dried out. I admit I was skeptical. I did not have Apple
Cider Vinegar but Red Wine Vinegar worked just fine. Great meal or appetizer.

★★★★★

Reply

  213. Michelle says

March 3, 2022 at 5:35 pm

This was so deelish. Thank you for a great recipe. My sure go to.

★★★★★

Reply

  214. Danielle says

March 8, 2022 at 5:36 pm

Why don't you just fry it in the oil until the chicken is cooked through? You
might have to turn down the temp of the oil just a touch but this way keeps
the chicken batter nice and crisp on the outside and the chicken super tender
on the inside. I found that baking it in the oven, even stirring it made the
batter soggy and the chicken was way over done and dry. I still rated the
recipe 4 stars because of all the sweet and sour chicken recipes I've found
this was the easiest and the tastiest.

★★★★

Reply

  215. Haley says

March 10, 2022 at 4:40 pm

My 90 year-old grandmother, who is still an amazing cook who loves to try new
things, made this for us for dinner, and we absolutely LOVED it. It was
unbelievably delicious. Better than any Chinese restaurant I’ve ever had.

★★★★★

Reply

  216. mrs.dowler says

March 30, 2022 at 10:21 am

i've had such an intense craving for sweet and sour chicken lately but have
been trying to not order out so much. asian food has never been my specialty,
i don't know what it is, but nothing i make ever tastes 'right'… like i can
make soups, stews, pastas, breads, ect just fine… but asian food specifically
i just fail at miserably.  
this is when i came across your recipe! all ingredients that i'm familiar with
and cooking methods that are straightforward, i decided to cross my fingers
and try once more. my husband was even like "maybe you could pick up some
frozen stuff just in case it doesn't turn out… no offense" which really says a
lot because my husband enjoys my cooking but KNOWS how much i suck at asian
foods lol.  
but anyways, this recipe was really good! it's something that will become a
somewhat regular rotation for dinners in our home! i would like to try
experimenting a bit next time. less sugar in the sauce, a sprinkle of cayenne,
and cut up pineapple to compensate for the reduced sugar without reducing the
flavor. thank you very much for making me a winner tonight lol!

★★★★★

Reply

    * Deborah says

March 31, 2022 at 11:14 pm

I love this! Thanks so much for sharing and for the rating!

Reply

  217. David Lohrman says

April 6, 2022 at 3:56 pm

I love this recipe easy to make taste so good

★★★★★

Reply

  218. Kenny Dodd says

April 7, 2022 at 5:01 pm

Great dish easy fixed one of my fav’s !!!

★★★★

Reply

  219. Darla says

April 30, 2022 at 8:09 am

Have you ever made browned the chicken and made the sauce separate to meal
prep and combine 1-3 days after? Just curious if it will work. I’ve made this
several times and EVERYONE always loves it. It is just time consuming to do
after work for dinner. Thank you for sharing such an amazing recipe.

Reply

    * Deborah says

May 3, 2022 at 4:20 pm

I haven't tried that, but I think it might work. I'll have to test it sometime
- but if you try, please let me know how it turns out!

Reply

  220. Mace says

May 25, 2022 at 5:07 pm

Thank you 😊 omg this recipe is so good! The apple cider vinegar really adds a
tang to it! Thanks again!

★★★★★

Reply

  221. Mary says

May 29, 2022 at 6:50 pm

Mmmmm! I made this tonight! It's A-MAZING!! Thank you so much for sharing!!

Reply

  222. mak says

June 23, 2022 at 10:14 pm

I was surprised by this recipe, I’ve never made sweet and sour chicken before,
and was shocked at the amount of apple cider vinegar(and the smell while in
the oven) , but once I took a bite I was amazed at how great it came out! I
ended up getting impatient and turned up the oven a bit but it came out
great!!

★★★★★

Reply

  223. Deb says

July 10, 2022 at 12:21 pm

We loved this recipe

★★★★★

Reply

  224. Ivana says

July 12, 2022 at 1:55 pm

I made this today and we couldn't stop eating! It was delicious and way better
than chicken from some restaurants we visited. Thank you! 🙂

★★★★★

Reply

  225. Silvia says

July 29, 2022 at 4:12 pm

I tried this recipe and my family and I love it!!! I made some changes, I
fried the chicken with olive oil to cut down on the fat, and cut on the sugar
from 1 cup to 1/2 cup, and I added 1/4 cup of orange juice. At the end when
the chicken was done in the oven, I added some sesame seeds. I cooked 4
pounds, and it was almost done in one night.

★★★★★

Reply

  226. Amy says

July 30, 2022 at 10:17 am

I love this recipe and it one of my family's go to meals. I am getting freezer
meals ready for a friend who's due next month and was wondering if you had
ever tried making ahead and freezing. If so, at what point in the process?

Reply

    * Deborah says

August 1, 2022 at 12:13 pm

I would prepare the whole recipe, minus the baking at the end. Then when it's
time to make it, thaw and cook for an hour. I have not tested this, though, so
I'm not exactly sure how it would turn out, but I think it would work just
fine!

Reply

## Primary Sidebar

### Hey There!

Welcome to Taste and Tell. Here you will find easy, fast and family friendly
recipes. I am a believer that anyone can cook and that dinner doesn’t have to
be complicated. Come join me in my kitchen!

Read More...

###### Free Recipes Delivered to Your Inbox

Sign Me Up

### Good For You

##  Chicken Lettuce Wraps

##  Turkey Sloppy Joes

##  Cajun Chicken Pasta

##  Tropical Smoothie

###### Featured On

Featured

### Family Favorites

##  Chicken Lettuce Wraps

Dinner in under 30 minutes! These Chicken Lettuce Wraps are your solution…

##  Creamy Chicken Tortilla Soup

This Creamy Chicken Tortilla Soup is creamy and comforting. It will be…

##  The Best Homemade Pizza Dough Recipe

My all-time favorite homemade pizza dough recipe, this recipe has been tried…

##  Bean, Sausage and Beef Burrito Recipe...

Hearty and filling with just the right amount of spice, this Bean,…

More Family Favorites

###### Let's Be Friends!

Follow along on social below:

###### Join the Dinner Club

Receive **FREE** recipes straight to your inbox.

Sign me up!

  * Privacy Policy and Disclosure

(C) 2007-2022 * All Rights Reserved * Site Credits Designed by Melissa Rose
Design Developed by Once Coupled

## Receive more family-friendly recipes!

Join my FREE recipe club to receive new recipes and dinner ideas straight to
your inbox!

Subscribe

