https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8536/sweet-and-sour-chicken-i/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. World Cuisine
  4. Asian
  5. Chinese
  6. Sweet and Sour Chicken

# Sweet and Sour Chicken

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.5

1294 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 878 
  * 4 star values: 279 
  * 3 star values: 77 
  * 2 star values: 32 
  * 1 star values: 28 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 1,294 Ratings 
  * 984 Reviews 
  * 145 Photos 

This sweet and sour chicken recipe features cubes of crispy chicken served
with a homemade sweet-and-sour pineapple sauce.

Recipe by LINDAHU

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Read the full recipe after the video.

Add Photo

Sweet and Sour Chicken Tracey Cruz Barwick

Sweet and Sour Chicken Bj Smith

Sweet and Sour Chicken Dashawnta Finley

Sweet and Sour Chicken Cristin Wright

\+ 141 141 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

30 mins

cook:

20 mins

total:

50 mins

Servings:

8

Nutrition Info

close up view of Sweet and Sour Chicken with vegetable on a plate, with white
rice in the background

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

8

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 8 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1 ¾ cups water, divided 
  * 1 (8 ounce) can pineapple chunks, drained (juice reserved) 
  * ¾ cup white sugar 
  * ½ cup distilled white vinegar 
  * 2 drops orange food color 
  * ¼ cup cornstarch 
  * 2 ¼ cups self-rising flour 
  * 2 tablespoons vegetable oil 
  * 2 tablespoons cornstarch 
  * 1 egg 
  * ½ teaspoon salt 
  * ¼ teaspoon ground white pepper 
  * 1 ½ cups water 
  * 8 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - cut into 1 inch cubes 
  * 1 quart vegetable oil for frying 
  * 2 green bell pepper, cut into 1 inch pieces 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Combine 1 1/2 cups of water, reserved pineapple juice, sugar, vinegar, and
orange food coloring in a medium saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat;
set aside. Mix 1/4 cup cornstarch and 1/4 cup water together in a small bowl
until smooth; pour into the sauce, stirring continuously, until slightly
thickened.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Place flour, 2 tablespoons oil, 2 tablespoons cornstarch, egg, salt, and white
pepper in a large bowl; gradually whisk in 1 1/2 cups water to make a thick
batter. Add chicken pieces; stir until well coated.

  * Step 3

Heat oil in a large, deep skillet or wok to 360 degrees F (180 degrees C). Fry
chicken pieces in preheated oil until golden, about 10 minutes; remove and
drain on paper towels.

  * Step 4

Layer green peppers, pineapple chunks, and cooked chicken pieces on a platter;
pour hot sweet and sour sauce over top.

I Made It  Print

##  Editor's Note

We have determined the nutritional value of oil for frying based on a
retention value of 10% after cooking. The exact amount may vary depending on
cook time and temperature, ingredient density, and the specific type of oil
used.

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

639 calories; protein 59.2g; carbohydrates 56.2g; fat 18.4g; cholesterol
160.1mg; sodium 758.6mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (984)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

01/22/2003

This is excellent! My hubby is picky about his asian cuisine, and he loved it!
I made a few changes: I kept the chicken, veggies, and sauce in separate bowls
for serving. Added 2 sliced carrots and 1/2 chopped onions to the green
peppers and sauted them lightly. Added 2T soy sauce and the pineapple chunks
to the s/s sauce. Next time I will double the sauce batch though. There wasn't
enough for the amount of chicken pieces, for our tastes. Served this over
white rice with side of egg rolls. A wonderful meal with awesome flavor. We're
sold on this one! Also: the kids loved the leftover chicken pieces for lunch
as chicken nuggets w/ ketchup! This is a keeper!!

Read More

Helpful (398)

### Most helpful critical review

CRISPYSTUFF

Rating: 3 stars

02/24/2003

Pretty good recipe for a Chinese food lover like me. Easy ingredients too!!
BUT I think it should say from the begining to KEEP the Pinapple juice in a
container for use in sauce. I almost discharged mine!! AHh

Read More

Helpful (136)

1294 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 878 
  * 4 star values: 279 
  * 3 star values: 77 
  * 2 star values: 32 
  * 1 star values: 28 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

01/22/2003

This is excellent! My hubby is picky about his asian cuisine, and he loved it!
I made a few changes: I kept the chicken, veggies, and sauce in separate bowls
for serving. Added 2 sliced carrots and 1/2 chopped onions to the green
peppers and sauted them lightly. Added 2T soy sauce and the pineapple chunks
to the s/s sauce. Next time I will double the sauce batch though. There wasn't
enough for the amount of chicken pieces, for our tastes. Served this over
white rice with side of egg rolls. A wonderful meal with awesome flavor. We're
sold on this one! Also: the kids loved the leftover chicken pieces for lunch
as chicken nuggets w/ ketchup! This is a keeper!!

Chef Joy

Rating: 5 stars

08/11/2009

HELPFUL TIPS IN PREPARING: 1. Make the chicken ahead and save for whenever you
will eat this dish. Heating in oven at 350 for 15 min. really does work and
chicken is really crispy but that's really b/c the batter is so dang perfectly
thick. DEFINITELY start with making the chicken batter, as described like
pancake mix. When cutting recipe in half, ALSO cut in half the chicken batter
(1C water, flour, 1T cornstarch&oil, 1/2t salt, 1/5t baking powder, egg). I
never have self-rising flour, so that's where the baking powder comes in. 2.
The sauce is only good for about 4 chicken breasts, otherwise double the
sauce. It thickens up REALLY well, but as mentioned ...make sure the
cornstarch is completely dissolved in water before adding it. I keep the sauce
on lowest setting until ready to eat. 3. Take some frozen veggies, fry in pan
with some soy sauce for a great side dish! 4. My kids love the chicken w/o
sauce, so they think it's chicken nugget night w/ketchup. 5. Tastes better to
coat the chicken in sauce rather than dumping over, but only use the chicken
you plan on eating so you can save the rest for leftovers. Otherwise it gets
mushy the next day when mixed in with sauce. I just reheat sauce while chicken
is in oven for 15 min.

CRISPYSTUFF

Rating: 3 stars

02/24/2003

Pretty good recipe for a Chinese food lover like me. Easy ingredients too!!
BUT I think it should say from the begining to KEEP the Pinapple juice in a
container for use in sauce. I almost discharged mine!! AHh

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

02/03/2003

Absolutely the best sweet and sour chicken recipe I've ever tried. My husband
and I thought it was delicious. One comment about the directions: the amount
of water to add to the chicken batter is a little hard to interperate. Make
sure you only use 1 cup of water not 1 1/2 cups.

Draggin' Wings

Rating: 4 stars

02/03/2011

Here's my modification if you don't like the extra calories in battered meat:
Heat 1/2 tsp. sesame oil and 1 1/2 Tblsp vegetable oil until shimmering. Brown
meat (chicken or pork cubes). Remove. Add vegetables (sliced carrots, onion,
peppers) and saute. Lower heat, return meat to pan. Add sauce ingredients
while stirring constantly. Lower heat to simmer and cover. Cook about 15
minutes until meat is cooked thoroughly but vegetables are still firm. I NEVER
add food coloring b/c I think it looks silly, and LOVE the flavor of the
sesame oil. Sometimes dump in some fresh sliced tomatoes during the last 2-3
minutes, just long enough to heat through. You can also use shrimp in this
recipe, but put them in at the very end and only cook a few min. or they will
be tough.

RogueOnion8

Rating: 4 stars

12/29/2004

This recipe is authentic and tastes very similar to the restaraunt style sweet
& sour chicken. I probably will not make it again though because of the amount
of work. Great recipe.

Michelle H.

Rating: 5 stars

11/16/2002

my first thought when i tasted this: "oh my god, did i just make that??" this
was amazing! the batter has a really good flavor. i added in extra pepper and
salt. i served it with steamed white rice and stir fried vegetables (sliced
onion, carrots and red pepper) in peanut oil. i added in just under 3/4 cup of
sugar and the sauce was just perfect! this is a keeper -- great recipe, just
as good as somethiing you'd get in a restaurant!

Charlet Riesterer Mesenburg

Rating: 5 stars

08/18/2002

THIS RECIPE WAS GREAT. NOT TOO TIME CONSUMING. I DID CHOOSE TO STIR FRY THE
VEGETABLES JUST A LITTLE BIT AND EVERYONE LOVED IT.

bonyng

Rating: 4 stars

02/03/2011

This was actually pretty good. I added orange juice and mandarin orange
sections instead of orange food coloring. Also added scallions sliced into 2
inch pieces and water chestnuts for crunch. I used the light syup pineapple
and mandarin orange syrup instaed of granulated sugar, and it came out
beautifully. The pineapple and orange syrup add all the sweet plus extra fruit
flavor. This recipe screams for a couple of fire cracker peppers too!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

10/22/2002

Fantastic and easy to prepare recipe. My husband normally isn't a person to
eat leftovers, but after eating this dish he ran for seconds and took the
leftovers in his lunch as well. Definitely a keeper.

MrsChmerkovskiy

Rating: 4 stars

01/30/2011

I followed the recipe exactly as written with the exception of using the juice
from a 20 oz. can of pineapple, but I still only used about 8 oz. of pineapple
in the actual sweet and sour sauce. I used one green bell pepper in the sauce,
and it was plenty. After the sauce cooled down, I added green pepper and
pineapple into it so the sauce would take on some of that flavor. I also
seasoned the chicken before breading. For some reason when frying the chicken,
mine didn't get very golden brown no matter how long I left it in the oil for.
I fried egg rolls in the same oil, which came out perfectly golden brown, so
I'm not sure what was up with that. The chicken also lost its crispiness as it
sat while I was cooking all of it up. I ended up having to throw them in the
oven on 400 for about 15 minutes to get some of the crispiness back. That's
the only reason I gave this recipe a 4 star rating, and the fact that the
ingredient list is written improperly. The first ingredient on the list should
be the first ingredient you use. This has pineapple listed first, but then
under the directions it has the water listed first. It was a little confusing,
and jumbled around, so be cautious when putting everything together. I'd
recommend closely following the "directions" part of the recipe, and only
looking at the "ingredients" part when you absolutely need to. FYI everything
listed above the chicken breast is for the sauce, everything below the chicken
is for the breading.

SallyBeatle

Rating: 5 stars

01/30/2011

Awesome recipe, best sweet and sour I've ever had - even from a restaurant. My
husband is picky and he requests this, and our girls (also picky) like being
able to just eat the chicken as nuggets if they don't feel like having sweet
and sour chicken. Tips: 1) The amount of water you're supposed to add to make
the batter is confusing, I just add water gradually until it is the texture of
thick pancake batter. 2) I season the chicken with salt, pepper, and garlic
powder after cutting it into cubes and let it sit while I prepare the batter.
3) Because I never have self-rising flour, I add 1/2 tsp. salt and 1 1/2 tsp
baking powder to the flour. 4)I make twice the amount of sauce - it's just not
enough! 5) I have also used 1/2 pineapple juice, 1/2 mandarin juice to give it
a little change. 6) I use apple cider vinegar instead of white vinegar -
tasty!

zestychef

Rating: 2 stars

05/09/2012

The ingredient list says "1 3/4 cups water, divided". For those of you who are
scratching your heads, as I was, it's not really to be divided, but rather, 1
1/2 cups water, plus 1/4 cup. Oy. I scratched my head till I read her
directions here.

catzinaz

Rating: 5 stars

11/17/2005

Thank you Linda for ending my search for restaurant-like sweet & sour. Yours
is so much better! What really impressed me was the batter for the chicken. I
haven't had much luck with this before. I made a lot of messes and was never
satisfied with the results until now. It was so easy to work with. It
completly covered the chicken pieces & stayed intact when frying. As some of
the others, I don't use self-rising flour so I had to add baking powder & salt
to regular flour & the result was excellent. I used "Uncle Bill's Sweet & Sour
Sauce" found on this website cause I had frozen pineapple juice that I need to
use up. Now I am pondering all the wonderful things I can batter & fry like
mushrooms, zucchini, onion rings (remove thin skin before battering), thick
pickle slices (try it!), fish filets, shrimp...

Stephanie

Rating: 5 stars

01/01/2003

WOW! The chicken tasted just like the fingers at a chineze restaurant. the S &
S sauce too. But be prepared it makes alot! Next time i will scale it to make
half. Thanx for a great recipe.

Stacy Tolliver

Rating: 4 stars

03/28/2011

Mine got a little mushy, but it was still very yummy! I didn't use orange food
coloring, cause I didn't think we'd care about the color... but next time I
will use it. Something about the way it looks messes with your head!

MariyaC

Rating: 4 stars

04/15/2006

This was delicious and very easy to make. I'm giving it 4 stars only because I
had to make a few adjustments for my personal taste. For the sauce, I used 2-3
tbsp of red wine vinegar instead of 1/2 cup distilled white vinegar since no
one in the family likes a strong vinegar flavor. I also added 2 tbsp of soy
sauce to balance the sweetness. The sauce only took 5 minutes to make. Very
easy! I quickly stir-fried some frozen "stir-fry" mixed veggies on the side
(again about 5 minutes), and added the pineapple chunks to the sauce. The
prep-time for the batter was about another five minutes, and frying the
chicken (in 3 batches) took the most amount of time (maybe 30 minutes). This
recipe is very easy to make, and on my first try, it took less than 1 hour. I
used about 1/2 the chicken and 1/2 the batter but kept the sauce the same. If
I increase the chicken amount in the future, I will certainly increase the
amount of sauce. Everyone in my family loved this recipe! It's definitely
restaurant quality, and I can't wait to make it again!

quiltersammy

Rating: 5 stars

02/03/2011

This is a yummy, but labor intensive recipe. I followed several reviewers
suggestions and seasoned the meat before placing in batter. Didn't have self-
rising flour so used 1/2 tsp. baking powder and a little salt. Liked the idea
of holding the prepared meat in a seperate dish to keep the sauce from making
it soggy. This works for pork as well.

Jennifer Churchill Bray

Rating: 5 stars

01/22/2011

OMG! This was so amazing! The batter for the chicken is perfect and turns out
so yummy! No greasy at all! I did make a few small changes. I stir fried the
pineapple and the bell peppers (I used red) with some other veggies (carrots,
zucchini, yellow squash, onion, mushrooms, & celery) and some pepper, minced
garlic and soy sauce. When I served everything (family style) I kept it in
separate bowls and let people decide how much sauce they wanted on their own
plates. It will make reheating the chicken easier too! It is a great recipe
and one that will make it into my rotation! Even my picky kids (ages 8,6,4, 1)
ate it up!

Paula L

Rating: 5 stars

03/10/2011

The last rating by smudson inspired me to try a real short cut. I barely
defrosted 2 frozen chicken breasts, diced and tossed with olive oil, garlic
salt and a dash of worcestshire (I was out of soy). In another bowl I diced
baby carrots a medium bell pepper and added about 12 oz chunk pineapple,
drained. Cooked the chicken a little then put in a bowl to the side. Cooked
the the veggie mixture about 10 minutes, added 1 bottle of Kikoman sweet and
sour, put the chicken back in and simmered until done. (about 10 minutes).
Served over rice - fabulous!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

11/24/2002

This recipe is really good, but be aware that it also includes the sweet and
sour sauce, and that is what the first directions are for. The sauce is the
best I've made so far, and the chicken is very good too. You don't really need
the peppers, but I think it would taste better with the pineapple juice. I
always forget that part! Also, this recipe is my top choice because most of
the things you need are already in your cabinets!

awesome in tummy

Rating: 3 stars

04/14/2003

Oh, maybe 3 1/2 stars. This was good even though I didn't use the peppers.
Were you supposed to add them raw? Didn't appeal to me. I used almost a whole
14 oz. can pineapple plus the juice from the can. I usually add some marachino
cherries with some of their juice but didn't have any (it gives a nice flavor
and color.) We thought it to be a little blande. I liked the sauce a little
better from the sweet and sour pork 2 recipe from Mary Ann on this web site. I
used only 6 chicken breast as others said it made a lot and I still got a lot!
Very time consuming to fry all that chicken, was okay batter. Don't mix
chicken with the sauce or it gets real soggy. Note: this does not re-heat well
from the cornstarh base,it gels and is almost impossible to melt and chicken
looses it's flavor, so eat as much as you can at the first serving. Thanks
Linda, we did enjoy it!

Trish Beier

Rating: 5 stars

11/01/2008

WOW! This is SUPER. I followed the recipe; I just added carrots and onion,[
because we like those vegetables] Oh, also a little crushed red pepper flakes.
[Just a tad bit of heat.] The Sweet and Sour sauce is wounderful,I wouldn't
change a thing. Thanks for a great recipe.

Paivi Minnie

Rating: 5 stars

11/30/2010

Truly delicious!! Made exactly as written, except had no green peppers.
Crisped up in the oven the next day beautifully, just finished having it for
lunch. Highly recommended!!

TFAISON

Rating: 4 stars

07/03/2002

SUPER!

LaMiaItalia

Rating: 5 stars

03/24/2009

we have not been eating Chinese for a very long time because we believe there
is no good Chinese food around here so I decided to make myself some; this is
absolutely GOOD, I will make it over and over again. Who needs Chinese
restaurants when you can make something BETTER?? Thanks!!!

tnbelle

Rating: 5 stars

02/10/2012

This is definitely superior to the sweet and sour served at Chinese
restaurants! I modified it to be gluten free and corn free to suit our food
allergies - I never would've known by the taste or appearance of the food.
Cornstarch got replaced by sweet rice flour, food coloring was replaced (per
other reviews) with wheat-free tamari soy sauce, white vinegar was replaced
with apple cider vinegar, and self-rising flour was replaced with a ratio of 1
cup GF all purpose flour blend + 1 1/2 t. Hain baking powder (it's corn-free)
+ 1/8 t. salt for each cup needed of self-rising flour. I didn't have 2 green
bell peppers, so I used one green and one red bell pepper instead. Served over
steamed jasmine rice. Absolutely phenomenal and going in our regular rotation!

*-giggle-* 

Rating: 5 stars

02/07/2007

Batter was excellent-very crispy and fluffy. I'm not sure what other people
do, but I found I had to add each individual batter-coated chicken piece to
the hot oil to prevent one giant chicken clump from forming. (Side note-yes
the batter is very thick! stays on the chicken very well) For the sauce, on
the suggesstion of another user, The first time I made this I substituted
distilled vinegar with rice vinegar I used 3 TBLS.-it was not as 'sour' or
tangy as I like sweet and sour to be, since then I've just used distilled
vinegar and like it much better (start with half and the keep adding until
you're happy with the taste) I also add a really good squirt of concentrated
lemon juice (the kind you buy at the store that's in the yellow plastic lemon-
shaped bottle.) Just taste and adjust as you go and you can get it the way you
like it. I added many more drops of red and yellow food coloring to get it the
color that you see at restaraunts-two drops wasn't enough. I had no problem
getting the sauce to thicken nicely (mix your water and corn starch together
first before adding it to sugary mixture-helps prevent lumps).If sauce
thickens up too much before you are done frying the chicken, just reheat and
add a little water at a time until it reaches your desired thickness. We LOVE
this dish- I've made it for my extended family and they all think it's better
than take-out.

MarriedNLOVINGIT

Rating: 4 stars

02/27/2006

This is good, but the crust gets soggy after i let it rest for a while. It's
not crunchy like the restaurant style. Anyone has any suggestion?

kris.c

Rating: 5 stars

10/19/2010

This is just as good (if not better) than what you'd order at a Chinese food
restaurant! I've made this many times and follow the directions exactly with
no changes. It doesn't need any! I will usually serve it with quick Chinese
noddles, fried rice, or chow mein. We LOVE this recipe!

racnbe

Rating: 4 stars

12/05/2011

a little too sweet, 1/4c sugar

Kori Lavertue

Rating: 5 stars

11/11/2011

This has to be the best sweet and sour chicken, ever....better than restaurant
quality. It was very time consuming, especially having to pan fry the chicken
in batches as not to crowd or burn it. But, the end result was absolutely
worth every minute. The chicken was crispy and light, without that greasy fry
taste. The sauce is sweet and simple. Served with broccoli and fried rice, it
was the perfect Chinese dinner.

Nellie L

Rating: 5 stars

06/25/2003

Fabulous! I have tried almost every "sweet and sour" packet mix in the store
and they're always horrible. This was exactly what I'd always been trying to
achieve, and made with everything I already had in the kitchen.

spwrites

Rating: 5 stars

08/16/2011

Way better than take out. This is the best sweet and sour recipe I have found.
I'm sure the recipe is great as is, but I did make a few minor changes which
seemed to work well. Instead of pineapple chunks I used tidbits. I find the
chunks to be overwhelming. Instead of chicken breast, I used boneless chicken
thighs and I added 5 chopped green onion. Delish...

Fican

Rating: 5 stars

03/19/2004

YUMMY!! I had to make copies n pass them out to all my guests! was a big hit.
A word of advice: This does not reheat well.. so dont mix all the chicken with
the sauce all at once.. mix it as required.

KinyaMcNeil

Rating: 5 stars

02/06/2012

OMG…can you say EXCELLENT!! There is absolutely nothing that that has to
change about this recipe…but of course I made slight changes anyway. As we at
home like our food well seasoned, I seasoned the chicken cube pieces with the
usual (onion powder, garlic powder, black pepper and Lawry’s season salt). I
also added garlic powder, onion powder, and Savory herbs to the batter
mixture. Lastly, I made a mistake (which turned out to be a good one) and used
a 20 oz can of pineapple chunks (which means I had to add additional corn
starch to ensure the sauce thickened appropriately). This did yield a large
amount though…will be plenty of leftovers (or invite guest). Enjoy!

Alayna B

Rating: 5 stars

03/06/2011

I just made this for dinner, and it was a HUGE hit! My husband said I could
teach the local Chinese restaurants a thing or two (lol). I made a few
changes, but nothing major. 1) I had a 20 oz can of pineapple and used all the
juice from it 2) I used apple cider vinegar because it's all I had 3) Instead
of food coloring I used juice from a jar of maraschino cherries 4) Didn't have
self rising flour so I added an extra 1/2 tsp. of salt and 1 1/2 tsp. baking
powder. 5) Seasoned the chicken with salt, pepper, garlic powder, and onion
powder 6) I didn't layer anything or use a pepper. I just served white rice
with the chicken and sauce.

Zanne

Rating: 5 stars

03/22/2009

Amazing as is. Only change I made - double the sauce and omit the food
coloring. I also add onion to the peppers. Yum. Love that I have the
ingredients on-hand, too. So much cheaper (and probably healthier) than
restaurant version!

lsego

Rating: 5 stars

12/02/2010

This recipe was awesome!! The only change I made was to add some garlic powder
to the batter. One word of caution if you decrease the servings be careful
because the amounts of the ingredients don't change in the actual directions.
I also did not use a quart of oil more like a cup. I cooked the chicken in two
batches and put the completed batch in the oven to keep warm. This also make a
ton of sauce.

FleurSweetLoves

Rating: 5 stars

06/08/2011

All I can say is yum! This exceeded my expectations, the batter created this
crunchy coat round the chicken and was delicious by itself after I took the
advise of others and seasoned my chicken with salt and pepper. I must admit
that if I had not read some reviews probably to making it, the batter may have
been a complete disaster. The batter will be very thick and sticky and you may
think that your batter isn't adhering to the chicken but trust me when I say
that it will puff with barely anything on it as long as it has been dipped in
the batter. I cooked my chicken probably an hour before we had dinner, and
just before serving it I placed it in the oven on 200 degrees for about 15
minutes and the coating was still crunchy. Also I didn't have orange food
coloring and had to use red (about 8 drops) for it not to look so pink after
the slurry was added. But aside from that my family really enjoyed it, thanks
Linda.

thecookandbaker

Rating: 5 stars

12/09/2013

This is a really yummy recipe!!! Iv'e used it countless times! I make dinner
all the time, and I'm like the cook in my family. I'm the youngest of eleven
and everyone who still lives here loves this recipe.

jessica

Rating: 1 stars

10/15/2010

This dinner recipe was a mess. Literally. By the end of the evening my entire
house smelled like a nasty grease factory, and just about everything
surrounding the stove was covered in grease. It took us two days to get the
house totally aired out. The prep time is longer than you'd expect. The food
tasted good for a few minutes - until it started to settle. If you're craving
some chinese food, save yourself the time, cleanup and stomachache and call
for take out.

Allison

Rating: 1 stars

07/12/2000

This tasted terrible. The batter was not good and it was very messy and time
consuming to prepare.

MIKIESHERREE

Rating: 5 stars

03/20/2012

This recipe is really tasty! The batter sounded like it would add a lot of
calories, so I did not batter the chicken. I just seasoned it with white
pepper and a dash of ground ginger. I poured a bit of the pineapple juice and
a bit of soy sauce over the chicken and let it sit for about 10 minutes while
I cooked the sauce. Then I stir-fried it with a bit of teriyaki sauce, the
green peppers, and some coarsely chopped onion. I drizzled just a bit of the
sauce over the chicken mixture, again to keep down the calories - but that was
enough to add a lot of flavor. A great recipe that I'm already envisioning
making again next week or the week after!

prttimecook

Rating: 5 stars

01/22/2008

I've tried since college to make this. THIS IS IT! BETTER than the local
delivery/restaurant. I let the batter set for about 45-60 min while waiting
for family to get home from work/school. It was the best "mistake" ever. Very
fluffy this way - and the batter isn't overwhealming in taste or texture. Must
have the red/orange food color or the young people get picky & confused about
the color of the sauce. It's not too sweet either. Perfect. It's really not as
much work as some have stated and leftovers do well if you re-heat in a frying
pan (no oil) as some have suggested here. My extremely picky 10yr old step son
had leftovers for breakfast!!! (Served with Amber's Sesame Chicken from this
site and steamed veggies.)

COOKINGARMYMAMA

Rating: 5 stars

12/05/2011

Best s&sc EVER!!! Thanks for the recipe and the add on tips, especially to
season the chicken before coating!

Faith W.

Rating: 4 stars

07/15/2011

This was really good, almost perfect for me. The only thing I found wrong with
it was that the sweet and sour sauce didn't have quite enough flavor. I think
next time I'll try adding maybe a little orange juice or maybe use more
pineapple juice in place of some of the water.

Mayelle

Rating: 1 stars

10/24/2006

Didn't like it at all. Neither did my boyfriend..we've decided to buy pre-made
sause for now on. The sause wasn't nice and it made the breading on the
chicken soggy...

ShawnaRae

Rating: 4 stars

03/23/2007

I threw this supper together tonight in a rush. But it was GOOD. It is so
close to the restaurant that my husband and i love. It could use more vinegar
and sugar. But i could have diluted it a bit, i made the recipe times 3. I
wanted extra sauce. Anyhow...this is really good. Best recipe yet!!!!!!

BluntDiplomat

Rating: 4 stars

03/05/2012

A+. A true crowd pleaser, and it was relatively easy and to prepare. A few
notes and observations: 1) I added some cayenne and crushed red pepper flake,
as well as a little salt, to the sauce. The infusion of heat really makes a
difference. I also used vinegar steeped with various chili peppers for an
extra hint of heat. 2) The sauce may taste starchy at first, but don't worry,
as the flavors will all come together once the entire dish is put together and
the starchiness will be gone. 3) I also added cayenne, onion powder, and
crushed red pepper flakes to the batter for the chicken. The hint of onion
really complemented the chicken and the sauce. 4) I added an extra 1/3 cup
water to the batter, as I found it too thick and viscous to put the chicken
chunks in. 5) I stir fried the bell peppers and pineapple for a couple of
minutes in some salt, pepper, and rice wine before assembling the entire dish
together. Stir frying helps bring out the smoky sweetness of the bell pepper.
I will definitely make this dish again. :)

TIE

Rating: 5 stars

05/24/2009

My first sucessful sweet and sour chicken. This was excellent. Easy to make.
The sweet and sour sauce was perfect in flavor. Hubby really liked it - not to
sweet, just right. I added yellow and red food color to make it look orange. I
also added green and red peppers and pineapple chuncks to the sweet and sour
sauce. I did have to add more cornstarch and water to the sauce to get the
consistancy that I like,we like our sauce a little bit thicker. I only used 4
chicken breasts and seasoned as other reviewers suggested. I also did not have
self-rising flour and added baking powder and salt to regular flour. I put the
cut up chicken in the batter and refrigerated for 1/2 hour before frying,
don't know why I did this. I just remember doing this when I made the coconut
chicken from this site so the batter would stick to the shrimp better. The
batter was nice and thick and stuck to the chicken perfectly. I don't have a
deep fryer, so I just put oil in a pan and fried each side until golden brown.
This made plenty, fed four adults who each had 2 good size helpings and there
is left overs for at least 2. I will definitely make this again. Thank you for
the great recipe.

Amber

Rating: 5 stars

11/08/2009

We really enjoyed this! Instead of using self-rising flour, I used All-Purpose
and added 1 tablespoon of baking powder and an extra teaspoon of salt as a
substitute. This a lot of chicken so I didn't pour the sauce over all of it to
keep it from getting mushy. The chicken re-heated well in a toaster convection
oven (375 F) and added the sauce after re-heating. As for the sweet and sour
sauce, it was mild, which I personally prefer. Mild in that you can taste the
flavors. My husband prefers the stuff that is, in my opinion, overpowering and
too sweet. The recipe calls for 2 drops of food coloring. I used the super
concentrated stuff for cake decorating and it took several more drops and
still only ended up a pretty pineapple gold. If you use the regular food
coloring found in most supermarkets, it will take far more food coloring. I
prefer not to use food dyes, but one reviewer mentioned that it was a grayish
color- doesn't sounds appetizing!

Gia

Rating: 5 stars

11/03/2011

FINALLLLLLYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!! I can scream this over mountain tops!! lol
thank you! thank you!

LEEKL

Rating: 1 stars

12/16/2002

Oh dear! This was not good at all! Sorry,

Chuck

Rating: 5 stars

11/23/2005

This dish is so close to my Chinese master chef cooked me. This is really
great!!!!!!! The chicken is crispy and tender with the sweet&sour sauce is
real combinaion for this dish.

woobeewoo

Rating: 5 stars

03/20/2012

This recipe was delicious! I cooked it by myself and it was a little stressful
trying to get the different parts done at the same time, but it wasn't too bad
and with more experience/one extra person to help it would be very easy!
Instead of the vegetables suggested I used red peppers, onions, carrot
slivers, and of course pineapple. I sauteed all the vegetable and mixed the
sauce in and kept the chicken separate. I served it with rice. It tasted just
as good as any restaurant. Highly impressed with this recipe!

PrincessJenna

Rating: 5 stars

01/05/2009

This is for the chicken only, which I've made twice. I haven't made the sauce
yet. I made my own self rising flour (there is a recipe on this site for
it)and omitted the white pepper as I didn't have any but will certainly
include it if I ever remember to pick some up. Just mixed the batter and
plopped the chicken chunks in and got them good and covered. They seem gloopy
but as long as the oil is the right temp the batter will set right up when it
hits the oil. I did have some trouble with burning my first batch but I after
playing with the temp I worked it out. I fried them in about an inch to an
inch and a half of oil in a deep fry pan over medium (made sure to give oil
plenty of time to get hot). You'll need to do them in batches. They took
probably 5-7 minutes and I turned them once then drained on paper towels.
These were absolutely restuarant quality - just like you get at a chinese
restuarant. For leftovers they get pretty soggy but if you nuke them for a
minute and then throw them in a 400-450 oven for a few minutes they'll crisp
right up again. I'll definitely be making them again. My guests were impressed
when I told them I was whipping them up in the kitchen and not running out for
take out and once you get the temp right they really are a snap to make.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

12/11/2002

My family loves this dish. I cut the sweet and sour sauce recipe in half
because it makes so much. I've made this four or five times and my family
loves it.

CJ'sRunningKnot

Rating: 5 stars

02/03/2011

Very good, I do not like to deep fry often but tried it and was wonderful, I
am going to try stir frying the chicken next time w/ out the batter.

SHERRYFISHER

Rating: 5 stars

09/28/2004

I'm a sweet and sour chicken snob so for me to say it was the best recipe I've
tried is truely something! :-)

Carissa Vanco Bywaters

Rating: 5 stars

02/20/2009

This was pretty good. I liked the way the chicken was crunchy on the outside
but stayed moist on the inside. I have come to a conclusion though that I just
can't make chines like the local take out. I think that I will just stick with
that and use it for those nights I dont want to cook. I recently made these
again and just went and got some store bought sweet n sour from the asian
store and it was great. I served buffet style with asian beef skewers, cream
cheese wontons, shrimp eggrolls, egg drop soup, and korean cookies and sticks
dipped in choco sprinkled with almonds.. My kids are still talking about it
today.

Chris Spahr

Rating: 5 stars

05/22/2006

Everything turned out great. Tasted just like take-out.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

02/04/2003

This tastes just like resturant made sweet and sour chicken! Very very good. I
would say cut down on the sauce though. I always use half and it's still a
lot.

abbyparker216

Rating: 3 stars

04/21/2011

WOW. This recipe is a lot of prep and mess and dirtied dishes for a meal that
does not taste great. It was good, but not one of my favorites, and definitely
not good enough to go to all that trouble again. The batter was messy and fell
off the chicken while frying, making the whole frying process completely
pointless.

baumanns

Rating: 5 stars

09/30/2011

Absolutely love this recipe!!! Delicious!! I added green onions and red
peppers for more color and taste. I cooked the peppers and onions in olive oil
for 5 minutes before adding them. I also added a little garlic powder to the
batter and to the sauce. Oh and I didn't have any orange food coloring... so I
used yellow :-) YUM!

Ruthie Thomas

Rating: 5 stars

02/05/2012

Absolutely amazing!! All my guests said it was better than any restaurant.

ROSELAMPHERE

Rating: 5 stars

01/07/2012

Absolutely fabulous. Wouldn't change a thing.

Rhonda G

Rating: 5 stars

01/30/2006

Excellent for satisfying our cravings for Chinese cuisine. Have been making
this recipe for a couple of years now and I only have leftovers when I add to
the amount of chicken in the recipe. We prefer to dip the chicken in the
sauce, so I only serve 1/2 at a time, freezing the other 1/2 for the next time
we make this. Reheat the sauce (50%) in the microwave and use a small whisk to
smooth it. To cut down on the spattering we use our lidded deep fryer with the
basket removed (coated chicken will stick to the basket) and fresh oil. A
family favorite and frequent request with the kids' friends.

Bert

Rating: 1 stars

09/07/2009

Biggest waste of time, the sauce was really runny. I followed the directions
exactly.

domestically_challenged

Rating: 4 stars

04/09/2012

This was very good. I did add a little more sugar to the vinegar and pineapple
juice as it was a bit tart at first. Also the next time I make this I will be
sure to make the sauce AFTER I have started frying the battered chicken, that
way the sauce will be hot when I pour it on everything else.

lisa margitan

Rating: 5 stars

04/27/2011

Pay no attention to the "not so good reviews". This was outstanding. a bit
time consuming, but awesome! i didnt have orange food coloring, had to use
yellow. i like the idea, as it gives it a nice appetizing color. Made with
homemade egg rolls, and i got a huge roar from the crowd when served. Will
make again and again!

Janine

Rating: 5 stars

11/27/2007

Oh My Goodness! This was top notch! My family is swearing they will never go
out for Chinese again. This sauce was wonderful. I actually used crushed
pineapple in it and it was easy and fantastic. Before dicing the chicken, I
boiled it for about 10 minutes. It helped to cut in uniform pieces easier. I
served this with House Fried Rice from this site. It was a VERY impressive
meal. Thank you Linda. Who knew we could make such an authentic tasting dish
right here at home.

James Bimler

Rating: 5 stars

01/12/2010

This was probably the best sweet and sour chicken I've ever had!! My whole
family LOVED it! I followed ChefJoy's suggestions and it turned out great. I
suggest - Make the chicken first. Pan fry the chicken (coated w/ batter) in
lots of veggie oil. THEN bake it (350 for 15 min) while you make the sweet and
sour sauce. Literally the chicken looked like chicken nuggets from McDonalds
and tasted AMAZING even w/o the sauce. Very very good. Served this with white
rice and egg rolls. YUMMY!

Rochelle

Rating: 5 stars

05/24/2012

I used pork instead of chicken and it came out great. I would also use it as a
dipping sauce for egg rolls.

BECKTY

Rating: 5 stars

12/16/2008

I thought this was fantastic! A great and relatively easy fix for my sweet and
sour cravings. And far more affordable! I added a touch of garlic powder to
the chicken batter. And I might put slightly less sugar in the sauce next
time. Thank you for the great recipe!

Passion4food

Rating: 5 stars

07/03/2010

WOWEEE this is some good stuff! After making this, I was pretty excited that I
actually pulled it off.......and my husband couldn't stop complimenting me!! I
will DEFINITELY make this again.....in fact, I think i'll make the sauce ahead
of time and keep it in a jar so I don't have to mess with it when making the
chicken. Thanks SO much for the recipe!!!

Mary

Rating: 5 stars

05/13/2007

Great recipe! I made a few changes the second time I fixed it though, I didn't
fix the vegetables and substitued the House Fried Rice recipe from this site.
I found that the chicken was somewhat dry with very little flavor the first
time (my taste), so I marinated the whole chicken breasts in Italian Dressing
for about 6 hours or so, prior to cutting them into the cubes. I drained them,
and blotted them dry a bit so that the batter would adhere to them. Like other
reviews, I kept the sweet/sour sauce and meat separate, putting out additional
bowls of soy and hot sauce as well, allowing everyone to pick and choose.
Awesome!!!!!

Kessie

Rating: 5 stars

02/11/2011

As most reviews, I too thought this was excellent! The whole family loved it!
I too the suggestions of others and seasoned both the chicken and the breading
with fresh ground garlic seasalt and fresh ground pepper. I started by adding
only 1 cup water to the batter then added another 1/4 cup water for
consistency. Also used all purpose flour, adding baking powder and salt as a
substitute to self rising flour. I will definitely make this again!

Floating

Rating: 1 stars

01/28/2003

Sorry, but the sauce was really bad. I couldn't even eat it.

Cami Romney

Rating: 4 stars

09/14/2013

This was pretty good. The health conscious part of me didn't batter and deep
fry the chicken - just fried it a little in a wok and it's still great.

steffie

Rating: 5 stars

01/07/2007

This is awesome!!!! Just like the sweet and sour chicken I like from the
chinese places!! I followed the recipe exactly and it all turned out
perfectly.

mskinue

Rating: 5 stars

06/05/2009

Great recipe only thing too much work unless you are off that day (I'm lazy on
my work days). It is surely worth the effort. I did follow some of the
suggestions since I only had regular flour so I added more salt and baking
soda to the batter mix and seasoned the chicken pieces, also added in some
chili pepper flakes as my family likes things a little bit spicy. Thanks for
sharing.

MelissaRae

Rating: 5 stars

04/15/2011

Amazing recipe. I can no longer order from our local chinese restaurant,
because this is so much better! I leave out the food coloring in the sauce and
add about 1/4 cup ketchup, adds color and flavor! The batter on the chicken is
fantastic! Even my picky kids love it when I make "chinese chicken". Have used
this recipe over and over. Thank you!

Kristen

Rating: 5 stars

07/04/2006

This recipe turned out exactly like I remember it tasting at our favorite
restaurant as a kid. I used pineapples in juice, which turned out fine, and I
added the green peppers, pineapple, and onions (and some carrots) to the sauce
as it cooked. I kept the chicken separate from the sauce until we actually put
it over rice, so it stayed crispy, and we stored the leftover chicken pieces
in the fridge separately. They were still crispy the next day. This was a
really good recipe.

Connie

Rating: 5 stars

05/09/2003

We thought that this was an excellent recipe and will use it frequently. I
made a few changes. I microwaved the green peppers and two sliced carrots for
2 minutes and added to chicken and sauce and tossed with Lychee nuts (a
chinese favorite) instead of the pineapple. I also only used a small amount of
canola oil to fry the chicken in. Great!! Love allrecipe.com. Connie Small

twospaffz

Rating: 5 stars

02/23/2013

Delicious!!! I love the batter on the chicken, and we added the pineapple to
the sauce, along with some red and green peppers, naturally turned the sauce
orange, and pureed it all!!! It is delicious!~!!!

CardinalsFan

Rating: 5 stars

04/17/2007

I'm so glad I found this recipe. My fiance and I go to a Chinese place about
25 minutes from our house and now we don't have to go anymore because this
sweet and sour chicken tastes JUST LIKE IT! Awesome recipe! I made everything
just as recipes says and it turned out perfect! Wouldn't change a thing!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

08/15/2003

I'm not much of a cook but this was a very easy recipe to follow and turned
out great! Highly recommended!

mjdsouthsf

Rating: 5 stars

07/25/2011

Finally! Sweet and sour chicken like my favorite chinese take-out--only
better. Way better! I used chicken strips which fried up crisp outside and
most inside in no time at all. Helps to do some prep work (cut up, batter, and
refrigerate chicken at least 30 minutes). Honestly, this took no time at all.
To finish, I sauteed quartered onions wedges, added the pineapple, tossed in
the fried chicken strips; then, added a bit more pineapple juice to moisten,
covered until reduced. Red bell peppers would have added color to this dish
... but I had none. Serve over rice, top w/ sauce.

Holley

Rating: 5 stars

04/16/2009

This was a great recipe for an at home dinner with a take-out taste. A few
things that might be helpful to others. Do make the sauce first (it will keep
its heat for a pretty long time). If you use pineapple chunks that are packed
in juice (not syrup), you will need to add about 1/4 to 1/2 cup more sugar to
the sauce (yes, it should say keep juice for sauce and the amount of sugar
added depends on how sweet you are used to). Do mix water and cornstarch
together and mix in AS SOON AS the sugar mixture comes to a rolling boil and
then let boil a few mins (2-3) before turning off heat. Oh, I did not have
orange food color so I used five drops red and two drops yellow and ended up
with a color similar to that at restaurants. I halved the chicken (three large
breast) and batter (used AP flour with more salt and some baking powder) with
great results. Last of all, I sauteed half a red bell pepper and one carrot
for about 5-7 mins and added my pineapple and cooked 2 more mins. I served
this mixture, sauce, chicken, and steamed rice in separate bowls so that
people could mix to their liking. Really wonderful and worth the time! Happy
cooking!!

JOYJENSEN

Rating: 4 stars

12/03/2002

There is a lot of prep time but it's worth it. This was very good. Will make
again!

JENNY23315

Rating: 5 stars

03/26/2009

A very good Sweet and Sour Chicken Recipe. My husband absolutely loves it...
much better than most Chinese restaurants. One tip, if you like your chicken
tender like me, soak the breasts in buttermilk for a few hours before cooking.

Pam Young

Rating: 5 stars

01/10/2010

This was VERY good!! The sweet and sour was a little too sour for me, so I
added just a little more sugar. My DH said we should bottle the sauce and
always keep some on hand. I followed the recipe as it was written, except that
I didn't have self rising flour, so I followed the suggestions from others and
added 1/2 tsp salt and 1 1/2 tsp of baking powder. Worked great, will
definetely be making again.

1SWILSON

Rating: 5 stars

08/02/2011

Chicken was perfect!! I just now noticed that I forgot the egg!! I guess it
really did not matter. Just be sure to season the chicken first. I also took
the extra batter and mixed in onion flakes, parlsey, and garlic for some
additional chicken pieces and it makes the chicken quite awesome!! Will make
again!!

bitterquill

Rating: 5 stars

01/27/2013

I made a half-batch. I added a small white onion, which I sauteed with the
pepper and pineapple (seasoned with salt, pepper and granulated garlic) rather
than serving them raw; I think this would also be good with carrot and
mushroom added. I used Splenda in place of sugar in the sauce, and all-purpose
flour (with 3/4 tsp baking powder and 1/4 tsp salt) in place of self-rising
flour in the batter. I also skipped the food coloring, and seasoned the
uncoated chicken with salt, black pepper and granulated garlic. (I've never
seen 8oz cans of pineapple, but for those who are wondering, 1 8oz *cup* of
canned pineapple yields 181g flesh and 68g/approx 1/3 cup juice, while the
standard American 20oz can yields 2.5 times that amount.)

Talea Metivier

Rating: 5 stars

11/16/2009

Better than most chinese restaurants! I add onion salt to my chicken and have
never bothered with food coloring for my sauce. The best!!!

Jamie Payne

Rating: 5 stars

08/23/2008

This recipe & Dish is so amazing, just like in the Chinese buffets, only
better. The only thing I did differnt was add less water for a thicker batter,
turned out nice and cripy and thick. Unlike some batters that slide off and
aren't coated this one was coated PERFECT & CRISP. The Sweet And Sour Sauce is
truly amazing. This is deff a keeper. Thank you!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

03/16/2006

Great recipe. I did tweak it just a bit. I substituted 1 cup of Tempura for
the flour just to keep it crispy and light turned out great. Loved the sauce!

BERTAMCG

Rating: 5 stars

12/07/2002

My husband said that this was better than he has had in a resturant. I will
use this again and again. Thanxs.

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Sweet and Sour Chicken

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Sweet and Sour Chicken

##  All Reviews for Sweet and Sour Chicken

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Sweet and Sour Chicken

Servings Per Recipe: 8  
Calories: 639.3  

% Daily Value *

protein:  59.2g  118 %

carbohydrates:  56.2g  18 %

dietary fiber:  1.8g  7 %

sugars:  23.6g

fat:  18.4g  28 %

saturated fat:  2.9g  14 %

cholesterol:  160.1mg  53 %

vitamin a iu:  200.7IU  4 %

niacin equivalents:  40.3mg  310 %

vitamin b6:  1.4mg  88 %

vitamin c:  29.4mg  49 %

folate:  85.7mcg  21 %

calcium:  158.5mg  16 %

iron:  3.7mg  20 %

magnesium:  81.6mg  29 %

potassium:  741.6mg  21 %

sodium:  758.6mg  30 %

thiamin:  0.5mg  45 %

calories from fat:  165.6

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Sweet and Sour Chicken

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 984

Sweet and Sour Chicken

1 of 145 Sweet and Sour Chicken

Tracey Cruz Barwick

Sweet and Sour Chicken

2 of 145 Sweet and Sour Chicken

Bj Smith

Sweet and Sour Chicken

3 of 145 Sweet and Sour Chicken

Dashawnta Finley

Sweet and Sour Chicken

4 of 145 Sweet and Sour Chicken

Cristin Wright

Sweet and Sour Chicken

5 of 145 Sweet and Sour Chicken

Todd

Sweet and Sour Chicken

6 of 145 Sweet and Sour Chicken

Jaco Nel

Sweet and Sour Chicken

7 of 145 Sweet and Sour Chicken

Mike

Sweet and Sour Chicken

8 of 145 Sweet and Sour Chicken

Elizabeth Andrews

Sweet and Sour Chicken

9 of 145 Sweet and Sour Chicken

Tom

Sweet and Sour Chicken

10 of 145 Sweet and Sour Chicken

David Carrico

Sweet and Sour Chicken

11 of 145 Sweet and Sour Chicken

Bizziebaby

Sweet and Sour Chicken

12 of 145 Sweet and Sour Chicken

Beachrunner5

Sweet and Sour Chicken

13 of 145 Sweet and Sour Chicken

MLG Mom

Sweet and Sour Chicken

14 of 145 Sweet and Sour Chicken

Karila Warner

Sweet and Sour Chicken

15 of 145 Sweet and Sour Chicken

Angel Donaldson

Sweet and Sour Chicken

16 of 145 Sweet and Sour Chicken

Jughead

Sweet and Sour Chicken

17 of 145 Sweet and Sour Chicken

Mary Perez

Sweet and Sour Chicken

18 of 145 Sweet and Sour Chicken

artina_morton

Sweet and Sour Chicken

19 of 145 Sweet and Sour Chicken

Marie

Sweet and Sour Chicken

20 of 145 Sweet and Sour Chicken

Kurt Mcfarlane

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Sweet and Sour Chicken to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Sweet and Sour Chicken

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

