https://recipes.net/main-dish/stir-fry/dry-red-curry-pork-stir-fry-recipe/


Recipes.net Recipes.net logo

Browse Recipes

Ingredient Search

  * Ingredients

    * Chicken
    * Meatloaf
    * Beef
    * Pork
    * Chocolate
    * Potato
    * Eggplant
    * Lamb
  * Cooking Style

    * BBQ & Grilled
    * Copycat
    * Stew
    * Crockpot
    * Roast
    * Deep-Fry
  * Meals

    * Breakfast
    * Lunch
    * Dinner
    * Dessert
    * Drinks
    * Main Dish
    * Side Dish
  * Seasonal

    * Christmas
    * Valentine's Day
    * Easter
    * St. Patrick's Day
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Birthday
  * Cuisine

    * Italian
    * Japanese
    * Korean
    * Mexican
  * Healthy

    * Vegan
    * Vegetarian
    * Diabetic
    * Gluten Free
    * Low Carb

View All Categories

Signup Login Submit Recipe

Browse Recipes

  * Ingredients 
    * Chicken 
    * Meatloaf 
    * Beef 
    * Pork 
    * Chocolate 
    * Potato 
    * Eggplant 
    * Lamb 
  * Cooking Style 
    * BBQ & Grilled 
    * Copycat 
    * Stew 
    * Crockpot 
    * Roast 
    * Deep-Fry 
  * Meals 
    * Breakfast 
    * Lunch 
    * Dinner 
    * Dessert 
    * Drinks 
    * Main Dish 
    * Side Dish 
  * Seasonal 
    * Christmas 
    * Valentine's Day 
    * Easter 
    * St. Patrick's Day 
    * Thanksgiving Recipes 
    * Birthday 
  * Cuisine 
    * Italian 
    * Japanese 
    * Korean 
    * Mexican 
  * Healthy 
    * Vegan 
    * Vegetarian 
    * Diabetic 
    * Gluten Free 
    * Low Carb 

  * New Recipes 

  * VIEW ALL RECIPE CATEGORIES 

  * Recipe of the Day 

  * Recipes By Ingredients 

  * Ingredient Guides 

  * Kitchen Guides 

  * Popular Dishes 

  * Special Diets 

  * Cultural 

  * Occasions 

Follow us:  

  * Home
  * Main DishStir Fry

  * Main Dish
  * Stir Fry
  * Dry Red Curry Pork Stir Fry Recipe

Read Next Recipe

# Dry Red Curry Pork Stir Fry Recipe

1

2

3

4

5

5 from 1 vote Jump To Recipe

Avatar Author's default profile picture

Alice _Modified: March 12, 2021_

Dry Red Curry Pork Stir Fry Recipe

Share:

  * facebookIconDesc Logo Share recipe using facebookIconDesc

  * Twitter Logo Share recipe using Twitter

  * Whatsapp Logo Share recipe using Whatsapp

  * Pinterest Logo Share recipe using Pinterest

  * Link Icon Copy and share the recipe link



## How To Make Dry Red Curry Pork Stir Fry

Print

This Thai stir-fried pork belly is bursting with bright and spicy flavors!
It's made with Thai red curry, long beans, and chili for a juicy and tasty
dish.

Prep: **5 mins **

Cook: **20 mins **

Total: **25 mins **

Serves:  4 **people** Pen Icon Edit input

Ingredients

  * 200 g pork belly, sliced, cut into bite-size pieces
  * 2 tbsp gaeng kua curry paste, (Thai red curry)
  * 1 cup long beans, cut into 1-inch long pieces
  * 3 tbsp oil
  * 1 tbsp palm sugar
  * 2 tsp fish sauce
  * 1 tbsp kaffir lime leave, sliced 
  * 1 red chee fah chili, (Thai spur chili), sliced

Instructions

  1. Boil the long bean until thoroughly cooked. Soak them in the cool water and drain the water away.

  2. Heat the oil, then add the gaeng kua curry paste and stir until it becomes aromatic.

  3. Add the pork and stir-fry until cooked through. Season with the palm sugar and fish sauce. Add the long beans and half of the sliced kaffir lime leaves. Stir until well combined.

  4. Serve on a plate and garnish with sliced red chee fah chili and the remaining sliced kaffir lime leaves. Enjoy!

Nutrition

  * Sugar: 3g
  * :
  * Calcium: 27mg
  * Calories: 400kcal
  * Carbohydrates: 9g
  * Cholesterol: 36mg
  * Fat: 38g
  * Fiber: 1g
  * Iron: 1mg
  * Potassium: 192mg
  * Protein: 6g
  * Saturated Fat: 11g
  * Sodium: 260mg
  * Trans Fat: 1g
  * Vitamin A: 1490IU
  * Vitamin C: 21mg

Nutrition Disclaimer

Share:

Copy

  * facebookIconDesc Logo Share recipe using facebookIconDesc

  * Twitter Logo Share recipe using Twitter

  * Whatsapp Logo Share recipe using Whatsapp

  * Pinterest Logo Share recipe using Pinterest

Chat Bubble Icon Share your own special recipe

Submit Your Own Recipe

Have your own special recipe to share?  Submit Your Recipe Today!

**Topics:**

  * Asian Recipes
  * Curry Recipes
  * Dinner Recipes
  * Lunch Recipes
  * Main Dish Recipes
  * Pork Recipes Recipes
  * Stir Fry Recipes
  * Thai Recipes

## Related Recipes

Vegetables

Red Vegetable Curry Recipe

1

2

3

4

5

Our vegetable curry recipe is made with fresh vegetables and chickpeas
simmered in a savory sauce. A truly appetizing meal to serve at dinner
parties!

1 hr 30 mins

Pan-Fry & Skillet

Red Snapper on Rice with Red-Curry Carrot Sauce Recipe

1

2

3

4

5

This crispy and flaky red snapper is pan-fried in a luscious red curry sauce,
then served on a bed of soft and fluffy rice, for a belly-filling dinner meal!

1 hr 5 mins

Fried Rice

Curry Fried Rice Recipe

1

2

3

4

5

If you love sweet and savory flavors, you will enjoy this curry fried rice
even on its own.

35 mins

Curry

Thai Red Curry with Vegetables Recipe

1

2

3

4

5

Prepare this Thai red curry for a spicy, savory dish that is made creamy with
coconut milk and flavored with sriracha and red pepper flakes.

40 mins

Curry

Red Thai Coconut Curry Shrimp Recipe

1

2

3

4

5

This curry shrimp recipe takes inspiration from Thai flavors. Thai red curry
paste and coconut milk add a great spice and heartiness to this dish.

30 mins

Beans

Red Kidney Beans Curry Recipe

1

2

3

4

5

This red kidney beans curry is packed with a lot of flavorful spices that
explode in your mouth.

55 mins

Soup

Easy Thai Red Curry Soup Recipe

1

2

3

4

5

Enjoy the rich and spicy flavors of Thai dishes in this simple and easy red
curry soup made from red curry paste, rice noodles, and vegetable stock.

30 mins

Soup

Roasted Red Kuri Coconut Curry Soup Recipe

1

2

3

4

5

All the flavors you love in a curry in this curry soup recipe. Kuri squash is
complemented beautifully by coconut milk and various herbs and spices.

1 hr 40 mins

Seafood

Coconut Shrimp with Red Curry Sauce Recipe

1

2

3

4

5

This seafood favorite is coated in delicious coconut flakes with beautiful red
curry sauces poured over it. Our Coconut Shrimp and Red Curry Sauce recipe is
a delightful blend of flavors to spice up a basic, seafood ingredient. Whip up
this savory, deep-fried dish for dinner!

45 mins

Curry

Thai Red Curry Chicken Recipe

1

2

3

4

5

This spicy Thai curry chicken is ready in just 30 minutes! Juicy chicken is
simmered in a rich sauce of Thai red curry paste, coconut milk, and fish
sauce.

30 mins

Roast

Red Curry Roasted Carrots with Ginger and Garlic Recipe

1

2

3

4

5

Level up your side dishes with a spicy and savory batch of these curried
roasted carrots! It's a no-fuss, earthy and flavorful side, made in just one
hour.

1 hr

BBQ & Grilled

Grilled Red Curry Chicken Recipe

1

2

3

4

5

Infuse some Thai elements into your barbecue with this grilled curry chicken
recipe that has a spice rub made with red curry, coconut milk, and brown
sugar.

45 mins

Comments

Leave a comment

Replying to

Comment

Please log in or register to leave a comment

Login Register

Submit

## People Are Reading

Famous

Roasted Red Kuri Coconut Curry Soup Recipe

Famous

Coconut Shrimp with Red Curry Sauce Recipe

Famous

Thai Red Curry Chicken Recipe

Famous

Red Curry Roasted Carrots with Ginger and Garlic Recipe

Famous

Grilled Red Curry Chicken Recipe

## Related Articles

Famous

How to Freeze Carrots (Step-by-Step Guide)

Famous

9 Best Tomato Puree Substitute Options to Save Your Dishes

Famous

Can You Freeze Cooked Rice? (Plus Leftover Rice Recipes!)

Famous

35 Simple and Easy Ground Chicken Recipes To Try At Home

Famous

What Is Garam Masala and Its Substitutes?

  * facebookIconDesc Logo Share recipe using facebookIconDesc
  * Twitter Logo Share recipe using Twitter
  * Whatsapp Logo Share recipe using Whatsapp
  * Pinterest Logo Share recipe using Pinterest
  * Link Icon Copy and share the recipe link

Load More

Recipes.net Recipes.net logo

(C) 2022 Recipes.net. All Rights Reserved

  * About Us
  * Contact Us
  * Write For Us
  * Contest
  * Mergers
  * Affiliate Disclosure
  * DMCA
  * Terms
  * Privacy Policy

Follow us:

**Please accept our Privacy Policy.**

Recipes.net uses cookies to improve your experience and to show you
personalized ads. Privacy Policy.

Allow Cookies

Ã—

##### Ingredient Search

Separate keywords and ingredients with comma (,)

Keyword

Include Ingredients

Exclude Ingredients

Search

Close GDPR Cookie Settings

  * Privacy Overview
  * Strictly Necessary Cookies

Privacy Overview

We use cookies to collect information about how you interact with our website
and allow us to remember you. This information is collected to remember your
preferences so as to personalize your browsing experience. It is also used for
analytics and metrics about our visitors on this website in a way that does
not directly identify individuals. For more information about the cookies we
use, please see our Privacy Policy.

Strictly Necessary Cookies

Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save
your preferences for cookie settings.

Enable or Disable Cookies

If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This
means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or
disable cookies again.

Enable All Save Changes

