https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/thai-red-pork-curry/790d6363-777e-46d0-9d06-1b5f8b055c62


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Thai red pork curry

  * _12m_ prep
  * _12m_ cook
  * _4_ servings 

7

Save Recipe

181 people saved this

6 people made this

G

Gemma Purcell

343 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain celery, mustard and sulphites.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 10 Ingredients 
  * 2 Method Steps 

#### 10 Ingredients

  * 2 tsp oil 

  * 2 tbsp red curry paste 

  * 500g lean diced pork 

  * 270ml light coconut milk 

  * 3/4 cup (185ml) Massel vegetable liquid stock 

  * 500g sweet potato, peeled, cubed 

  * 3 fresh kaffir lime leaves, shredded 

  * 1 bunch snake beans, trimmed, cut into 5cm lengths 

  * 1/4 cup fresh coriander leaves 

  * Steamed white rice, to serve 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 2 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Heat the oil  (2 tsp oil) over a medium-high heat in a medium to large
saucepan. Add the curry paste  (2 tbsp red curry paste). Cook for 30 seconds,
stirring constantly or until fragrant. Add the pork  (500g lean diced pork)
and stir-fry just until light golden.

  * Step 2

Add the light coconut milk  (270ml light coconut milk), vegetable stock  (3/4
cup (185ml) Massel vegetable liquid stock), sweet potato  (500g sweet potato,
peeled, cubed) and shredded lime leaves  (3 fresh kaffir lime leaves,
shredded). Bring to a simmer and cook over a medium heat for 10 minutes or
until the sweet potato is tender. Add the beans  (1 bunch snake beans,
trimmed, cut into 5cm lengths) in the last 6 minutes of cooking. To serve,
roughly tear the coriander leaves  (1/4 cup fresh coriander leaves) into the
curry and fold through. Serve with the steamed rice  (Steamed white rice, to
serve).

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

6 people made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

181 people saved this

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by Louise Lister

##  Popular on Taste

  1. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

  2. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

  3. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  4. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  5. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

  6. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  7. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

  8. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

