https://vikalinka.com/crab-fried-rice/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

WHOLESOME RECIPES YOU CAN TRUST

Search

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * YouTube

  * Home
  * Recipes
    * Breakfast
    * Lunch
    * Dinner
    * Starter
    * Bread
    * Side dishes
    * Asian recipes
    * Vegetarian
    * Drinks
    * Videos
  * Breakfast
    * Eggs
    * Pancakes, Muffins and More
    * Grains
    * Hot breakfast
  * Lunch
    * Salad
    * Soup
    * Sandwiches and more
  * Dinner
    * Chicken
      * Chicken breasts
      * Chicken thighs and drumsticks
      * Whole chicken
    * Beef
    * Pasta
    * Casseroles
    * Slow Cooker and Instant Pot
    * Pork
    * Fish and Seafood
    * Quick and Easy
    * Stew
  * Dessert
    * Cake
    * Pies
    * Cookies
    * Pastry
  * Collections
    * Asian Recipe Collection
    * Russian Recipe Collection
    * Italian Recipe Collection
    * Christmas Recipe Collection
    * Thanksgiving Recipe Collection
    * Easter Recipe Collection
  * About
    * Travel
    * Privacy policy
    * Contact Me

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Breakfast
  * Lunch
  * Dinner
  * Dessert
  * Collections
  * Videos
  * Travel
  * About

×

Home » Recipes » Asian recipes » Asian takeout favourites » Crab Fried Rice

March 15, 2022

# Crab Fried Rice

Published March 15, 2022 | Julia Frey (Vikalinka)

Jump to Recipe

 _ **Crab fried rice recipe delivers buckets of flavour despite its simplicity
of method and ingredients. This Thai comfort food meal is so easy to recreate
at home.**_

Don't forget to also check out out Chicken Fried Rice. Different flavour
profile but the same level of deliciousness!

It's hard to find a person, who is not a fan of fried rice. At least I've
never met one. Warm, comforting, quick to throw together and utterly
satisfying.

Fried rice is the best use of hard, leftover rice you forgot about when you
pushed it to the back of your fridge! Pull it out and let me show you how to
transform it into something truly magical.

No, you will not need any specialty ingredients. I promise this recipe is
quick and easy. And the best thing about this rice, it could be served as a
main course. Nothing else is needed.

## Ingredients

While the most popular version we are familiar with comes from the Chinese
cuisine, fried rice is a thing all over Asia. Here is a recipe for Indonesian
Fried Rice Nasi Goreng. Delicious!

The recipe I am sharing today is a staple in most Thai homes. It is also a
popular street food dish. No need to fear. The ingredients list is very
simple.

As the name suggests, you will need crab and rice as your main players. Don't
forget eggs and some greens. The most common greens are a mix of sliced green
onions and cilantro (coriander in the UK). And of course garlic and shallot or
a small onion are great to crete the base flavour.

Sliced cucumbers are usually served on the side for a balance and a pleasing
crunch. And don't forget to add a lime wedge!

Most chefs and home cooks recommend not to skimp on the crab. I am going to
say buy what you can afford and/or what is accessible to you. Crab is
expensive! So even if you don't pay top dollar for you crab, the recipe will
still turn out delicious.

## Seasoning

The seasoning is very simple in this recipe. Soy sauce, sugar and white
pepper. That's it.

This rice is not spicy but it is flavourful. Crab is what gives it so much
flavour! The recipe comes together in 15 minutes!

If you want a little extra flavour, add a wedge of lime before serving to be
squeezed over the rice.

## Recipe Tips and Notes

  * The best rice to use is day old Jasmine rice. It needs to be a bit on the dry side, so it doesn't clump up.
  * I used already cooked crab from a deli counter. While premium quality crab will taste amazing in this dish, don't let the lack of it stop you!
  * This recipe is very simple, so it's important to use real stuff for the best flavour like real garlic instead of jarred stuff and fresh green onions and cilantro. 
  * I like my fried rice to be eggy, so I used 3 for a 2 person recipe. But you can decrease or increase the number of eggs according to your taste. 
  * Cook the rice in a large wok or pan. You will need lots of space to toss the rice around without spilling it. And don't forget to allow the rice to be slightly toasted. Remember it's called "fried rice", not "steamed rice". That's where the flavour will come from. 

**Favourite Thai Recipes to Try:**

  * Thai Fish Curry
  * Vegetarian Thai Green Curry
  * Easy Thai Red Curry with Prawns and Snow Peas
  * Thai Green Papaya Salad Som Tam
  * Thai Grilled Chicken Salad 

## Crab Fried Rice

Crab fried rice delivers buckets of flavour despite its simplicity. This
classic Thai comfort food meal is so easy to recreate at home.

Print Pin Rate

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Thai

Keyword: crab fried rice

Prep Time: 5 minutes

Cook Time: 10 minutes

Servings: 2

Calories: 312kcal

Author: Julia Frey of Vikalinka

### Ingredients

  * 2 tbsp vegetable oil 
  * 1 shallot or ½ small onion, diced
  * 3 cloves garlic
  * 3 eggs beaten
  * 350g/2 cups cooked Jasmine rice
  * 2 tbsp soy sauce
  * 1 tsp sugar
  * ½ tsp white pepper
  * 100g/3.5 oz crabmeat  cooked
  * 2 green onion
  * 2-3 sprigs cilantro (coriander)
  * 6 slices cucumber
  * 2 wedges lime

### Instructions

  * Heat the vegetable oil in a large pan or a wok, then add the diced shallot or onion and cook for 5 minutes over medium heat, add the garlic and cook for a few seconds longer. Pour in the beaten eggs and scramble them. 

  * Then add the cooked rice, soy sauce, sugar and white pepper, turn the heat up to high and stir to combine. Let the rice cook for half a minute or so, then stir again.  Continue for 3-5 minutes until the rice is heated through and evenly coated with the seasoning. 

  * Add the crab and stir to combine, allow the crab to heat through, then add the sliced green onions and chopped cilantro and take off the heat. Serve with sliced cucumber and lime wedges. 

### Nutrition

Calories: 312kcal | Carbohydrates: 58g | Protein: 17g | Fat: 1g | Saturated
Fat: 1g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 1g | Monounsaturated Fat: 1g | Cholesterol:
21mg | Sodium: 1431mg | Potassium: 336mg | Fiber: 2g | Sugar: 4g | Vitamin A:
298IU | Vitamin C: 10mg | Calcium: 72mg | Iron: 2mg

« Fresh Pappardelle Carbonara with Arugula

Falafel Salad Bowl »

  *   *   *   * 

#### About Julia Frey (Vikalinka)

Julia Frey is a London based recipe developer and photographer. Julia founded
Vikalinka in 2012 with the main mission to provide her readers with delicious
and accessible everyday recipes, which could be enjoyed by everyone.  
read more..

### Related Posts

  * ## Basil Pesto Chicken Caprese

  * ## Healthy Tuna Salad Recipe (Italian Style)

  * ## Sicilian Pasta alla Norma

Load Comments

## Primary Sidebar

### Never Miss A New Post!

Email address:

Leave this field empty if you're human:

Julia Frey is a London based recipe developer and photographer. Julia founded
Vikalinka in 2012 with the main mission to provide her readers with delicious
and accessible everyday recipes, which could be enjoyed by everyone.  
read more..

### Most Popular on Vikalinka

## Best Beef Stroganoff (VIDEO)

## Pasta Cream Sauce (VIDEO)

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * RSS
  * YouTube

## Footer

### As Featured On…

## Footer

↑ back to top

### About

  * Privacy Policy

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up! for emails and updates

### Contact

  * Contact

Copyright © 2022 **Vikalinka**

