https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/34690/crab-fried-rice/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Main Dishes
  4. Rice
  5. Fried Rice Recipes
  6. Crab Fried Rice

# Crab Fried Rice

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.4

59 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 32 
  * 4 star values: 22 
  * 3 star values: 3 
  * 2 star values: 2 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 59 Ratings 
  * 42 Reviews 
  * 7 Photos 

This fried rice is very easy and so popular for Thai and Chinese. Try this
recipe and you'll find it is very nice taste. Serve with chili in fish sauce
or called in Thai 'Nam Pla Prik.' Enjoy!!!

Recipe by Karnjana

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Crab Fried Rice

Add Photo

Crab Fried Rice stephapooh

Crab Fried Rice Nisha Nair

Crab Fried Rice Sbrooks726

Crab Fried Rice Nikhithareddy Gireddy

\+ 3 3 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

15 mins

cook:

40 mins

total:

55 mins

Servings:

4

Yield:

4 servings

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

4

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 4 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * ⅔ cup uncooked long grain white rice 
  * 1 ⅓ cups water 
  * 3 tablespoons vegetable oil 
  * 2 medium onions, cut into wedges 
  * 3 cloves garlic, chopped 
  * ½ tablespoon white sugar 
  * 2 teaspoons salt 
  * 1 egg, beaten 
  * ¼ pound cooked crabmeat 
  * 3 green onions, chopped 
  * 1 tablespoon chopped cilantro 
  * ½ cucumber, sliced 
  * 1 lime, sliced 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Place the rice and water in a saucepan, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat,
cover, and simmer for 20 minutes.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Heat the oil in a wok over medium heat. Cook and stir the onions and garlic in
the hot oil until tender. Mix in the rice, sugar, and salt, and cook 5
minutes, until well blended. Stir in the egg until the rice is coated.
Increase heat to high, and mix in the crabmeat, green onions, and cilantro.
Continue cooking 2 to 5 minutes, until the crab is heated through. Garnish
with the cucumber and lime slices to serve.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

304 calories; protein 11.6g; carbohydrates 37.4g; fat 12.2g; cholesterol
68.1mg; sodium 1294mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (42)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Michael Ware

Rating: 5 stars

03/08/2006

This rice is absolutely fabulous. I eat rice everyday and was looking for
something different. I'm amazed at just how good this simple recipe is. I used
sesame oil and Jasmine rice. I also drizzled lime juice over the rice after it
was finished. I think the cilantro and lime juice are essential. The only
thing I will do differently next time is try it with two eggs instead of one.
One egg doesn't seem too noticeable in the final dish and I think two will
make it more like authentic fried rice.

Read More

Helpful (29)

### Most helpful critical review

Sylvia Montes-Flores

Rating: 3 stars

11/08/2005

I'm one of those people who hates/loves to cook. It's an obligation but I'm
always willing to try some new recipe. I'm glad I tried this one. It was extra
tasty and easy to make. I used canned crab meat and it was still a tasty
treat!

Read More

Helpful (4)

59 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 32 
  * 4 star values: 22 
  * 3 star values: 3 
  * 2 star values: 2 
  * 1 star values: 0 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Michael Ware

Rating: 5 stars

03/08/2006

This rice is absolutely fabulous. I eat rice everyday and was looking for
something different. I'm amazed at just how good this simple recipe is. I used
sesame oil and Jasmine rice. I also drizzled lime juice over the rice after it
was finished. I think the cilantro and lime juice are essential. The only
thing I will do differently next time is try it with two eggs instead of one.
One egg doesn't seem too noticeable in the final dish and I think two will
make it more like authentic fried rice.

Mark P

Rating: 4 stars

07/04/2006

Very good. And easy to make. And picturesque: all the green of the cilantro,
green onions, lime, and cucumber is quite pretty. I've made it three times
now, with jasmine. The smell when cooking is great: the scent of the jasmine
combined with onions and garlic! mmmm... <br> I have some suggestions though:
(1) If you're using dried cilantro, use more like a teaspoon. Dried cilantro
is more dense and powerful than fresh, and this recipe calls for a tablespoon
of fresh. (I made the mistake of using a tablespoon of dried once and that was
way too much.) (2) The cucumbers don't add anything to (and I think even
detract from) the flavor; I've skipped adding them after the first time I
cooked this. (3) The lime flavor, however, does add something. It goes well,
especially with the crab.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

12/15/2005

Overall, pretty good fried rice. I think the cilantro is what makes it; this
is also what my mom likes to add in hers. I went all out and also chopped up
some leftover lobster meat, for that extra bit of color & class. A dash of
fish sauce and white pepper, along with some semi-hot peppers, gave it an
extra zing that the original recipe lacked.

Luvs2Cook!

Rating: 5 stars

06/20/2003

EXCELLENT! This is great with cucumber and lime, without cucumber and lime,
with cucumber, without cucumber, with lime, without lime, I was truly amazed
at how easy AND tasty!

Jules

Rating: 5 stars

04/10/2004

Delicious stir fry. I used imitation crab meat which was very good. I think
the cilantro really makes it. Would recommend any time!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

02/22/2005

I loved this. I changed it to wild organic brown rice, and added more
vegetables such as mushrooms, and orange bell peppers, and chopped up celery
which I cooked in the oil along with the onions. I then used the mix in tomato
wraps to make a delicous wrap. Before wrapping, I took sweet chili sauce (the
asian style kind used for chicken) and spread that over the wrap for some
zing. It made awesome and well loved wraps!!!

LAKESIDE

Rating: 5 stars

01/02/2007

Wonderful recipe, both my husband and I enjoyed it. I did add a little soya
sauce but otherwise followed the directions. We had it would some left over
chicken curry and a salad. Will make again.

JOANNABK

Rating: 5 stars

06/08/2005

I was very impressed with this. I was skeptical at first, but it really turns
out beautifully and tastes fabulous. My fiance who adores fried rice from
Chinese restaurants, loved this. I didn't see the point of the lime slices
though. I squeezed a little lime juice on mine and it did nothing for the
taste... so if you don't have lime for garnish, don't worry about it! :)

Nikdo

Rating: 5 stars

03/27/2006

My girlfriend and I are new to cooking and we found this recipe very easy to
make and very good. We added extra crab and egg and used day-old jasmine rice.
We also used a sweet yellow onion and didn't really need the extra sugar. We
ate with sriracha, asparagus, and Gewurztraminer (which was perhaps a little
sweet for the dish). Overall very highly recommended.

Sylvia Montes-Flores

Rating: 3 stars

11/08/2005

I'm one of those people who hates/loves to cook. It's an obligation but I'm
always willing to try some new recipe. I'm glad I tried this one. It was extra
tasty and easy to make. I used canned crab meat and it was still a tasty
treat!

Sarah Shamiso

Rating: 4 stars

11/11/2010

The was a good recipe, but it calls for WAY too much salt. You only need 1/4
of the salt that it calls for. I doubled the recipe and used 2 teaspoons (half
the amount it calls for) and it was still way too much. Otherwise, it was
pretty good.

JWallo

Rating: 5 stars

05/08/2010

Excellent. As advised in another review, I used 2 eggs and 1/2 the salt. Also,
I didn't have cilantro, but had lots of fresh mint, so I substituted. Very
tasty, even with imitation crab. Great 30 minute meal.

LovingFoodInNYC

Rating: 4 stars

08/28/2010

Quick, easy and good. I used brown rice and added swiss chard at the end to
enhance the nourishment. I used fresh mixed seafood. It didn't get 5 stars
because it was not "out of this world" but it was good.

Tara Renner

Rating: 5 stars

01/19/2017

This recipe has been one of our favorites for many years. It's light and
delicious and easy to make. My only change is that I skip the salt, and add a
teaspoon of fish sauce, which gives it a depth of flavor that puts it over the
top in my opinion. I serve it with stir fried bok choy for a healthy dinner.

Anne

Rating: 5 stars

10/17/2010

Yum!

Cheoah

Rating: 5 stars

03/07/2009

Yum, yum, yum! I added some small shrimp, and fish sauce to the recipe. I also
only added half the amount of sugar, I was afraid that it would be too sweet.
My husband enjoyed this dish, which is great because he is so picky.

Julie Fegler

Rating: 4 stars

10/13/2008

This was very good, but I thought it was a little on the salty side. I'd cut
the salt in half the next time I make it. I added frozen peas, and liked it
very much. The kids didn't like it so much.

Mary Cathleen Hardcastle Brock

Rating: 5 stars

03/15/2009

This is a keeper.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

10/05/2004

This rice is to die for. Reminded me of travelling in Thailand. I am making it
tonight for the second time. I am using Jasmine rice and halving the amount of
onions and chopping them in wedges, then in half again - they were a little
large and too many last time. Yum, can't wait.

Milamom37

Rating: 5 stars

01/21/2012

This recipe is the best!!! I used sesame oil instead of vegetable oil and I
added a few splashes of soy sauce it came out GREAT!

TJ

Rating: 5 stars

10/04/2009

My husband and I really love this simple dish.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

09/01/2003

This recipe is easy to make and tastes wonderful. My two guests, who are
students from China also loved it!!

Gord Giddings

Rating: 4 stars

04/08/2009

Very tasty, but the 2 teaspoons of salt I found to be a bit too much. I made
this recipe with lobster and it worked equally as well.

UMMIBBYJAN

Rating: 5 stars

01/03/2005

Excellent, though i think i will add alittle less salt next time.

MMHASTY

Rating: 4 stars

08/05/2009

Good, not amazing. It was not specified whether the cilantro should be fresh
or dried, I used dried and reduced the amount, maybe will try again with
fresh. I followed the recipe with the exception of adding a few mushrooms.

Tamee

Rating: 4 stars

07/31/2006

This was pretty good, but I'd say go a bit lighter on the cilantro.

BOGINIA2

Rating: 5 stars

03/17/2008

Excellent treat! I've made this 3 times now (twice in one week) and the dish
comes out perfect every time. I've also experimented reducing the salt by half
and adding about 1.5 Tbsp of reduced sodium soy sauce (for color) and it came
out flawless either way. Using crab makes the dish fancy and my guests thought
I slave for hours preparing something like that. In reality it's fast, super
easy, and very delicious. Love the cilantro & lime in it.

Bethany Dragoo

Rating: 4 stars

07/16/2008

This is a great recipe. Its really easy and has a lot of great flavor. I added
a Tbsp. of fresh ginger and about a cup of cabbage. I will definatly be making
this again.

kim

Rating: 4 stars

08/12/2007

This is definitely worth cooking. It was great. I think fresh crab should be
used as opposed to canned crab. If it was implied, it should probably be
specified. I think canned crab makes it a little too salty. Also, I prefer the
onions be chopped instead of in wedges. Besides that, it's great and very
filling.

NUNU713

Rating: 4 stars

11/18/2004

This was pretty good, although I made some changes. I made it with brown rice,
and realized I didn't have any garlic, so I omitted the salt and added in
garlic salt. I didn't have any green onions, so those were out. I added low
sodium soy sauce and some paprika and black pepper. Tasted great!

LUTYGIRL

Rating: 5 stars

07/27/2007

I loved this, more importantly so did my husband. He swears he does not like
rice or oriental foods. I add frozen peas, white corn and brocolli. This was
great. I served it with grilled shrimp and scallops. My husband thought it
would even be great on it's own with garlic bread. Thank you for a great
dinner.

Emma

Rating: 4 stars

02/15/2008

Great recipe. Try cooking the rice the day before and cooling it in the fridge
overnight it makes the rice so much easier to work with and I think it tastes
better.

QUASINAUGHT

Rating: 5 stars

09/18/2007

This is so good. Thanks.

mom of two

Rating: 5 stars

05/02/2004

This was pretty good and easy to make. I'll probably add some shrimp next
time.

Lyla Wade

Rating: 5 stars

05/02/2020

It was delicious and very easy! I added red pepper flakes. It was just OK
without the lime juice at the end, but that really takes it too the next
level.

FRANTOMS

Rating: 4 stars

02/10/2005

I thought this was really good and very easy to make! The cilantro adds a nice
touch. I made a couple of adjustments- added 1 more egg, and a couple tblsp.
of soy sauce.

Mandy Steinhardt

Rating: 5 stars

02/02/2004

Easy and tasty! Versatile too. I added green pepper, mushrooms, and some
shredded carrots.

Nisha Nair

Rating: 5 stars

03/31/2020

Loved it. I did not have crab meat ready so I replaced it with the extra ready
to cook crab cakes I purchased from my grocery store. It’s mild and very
flavorful.

bezick2

Rating: 5 stars

12/22/2014

Really good. Not sure what the point of the cucumbers are. We used imitation
crab, and it was great.

Sara

Rating: 3 stars

06/24/2008

It was good. Quick and easy - I used prawn instead of crab and 2 eggs as
advised in other reviews.

LAURA2379

Rating: 4 stars

05/26/2008

This is pretty good. A little flavorless for my liking. It really needs to be
eaten with the cucumber. I just chopped some up and put it on top of the rice
after I plated it.

champy

Rating: 4 stars

05/11/2021

Loved it but did not include the cucumbers. Made those separately with green
onions, jalapeno and rice wine vinegar!! Excellent recipe, will make again.
Used Jasmine rice, too!!

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Crab Fried Rice

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Crab Fried Rice

##  All Reviews for Crab Fried Rice

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Crab Fried Rice

Servings Per Recipe: 4  
Calories: 303.6  

% Daily Value *

protein:  11.6g  23 %

carbohydrates:  37.4g  12 %

dietary fiber:  2.3g  9 %

sugars:  5g

fat:  12.2g  19 %

saturated fat:  2.1g  11 %

cholesterol:  68.1mg  23 %

vitamin a iu:  287IU  6 %

niacin equivalents:  5.1mg  39 %

vitamin b6:  0.3mg  17 %

vitamin c:  13.7mg  23 %

folate:  92.7mcg  23 %

calcium:  68.2mg  7 %

iron:  2mg  11 %

magnesium:  41.8mg  15 %

potassium:  343.1mg  10 %

sodium:  1294mg  52 %

thiamin:  0.2mg  22 %

calories from fat:  110

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Crab Fried Rice

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 42

Crab Fried Rice

1 of 7 Crab Fried Rice

stephapooh

Crab Fried Rice

2 of 7 Crab Fried Rice

Nisha Nair

Crab Fried Rice

3 of 7 Crab Fried Rice

Sbrooks726

Crab Fried Rice

4 of 7 Crab Fried Rice

Nikhithareddy Gireddy

Crab Fried Rice

5 of 7 Crab Fried Rice

Chonta Wilcox

Crab Fried Rice

6 of 7 Crab Fried Rice

Mark P

Crab Fried Rice

7 of 7 Crab Fried Rice

Nikdo

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Crab Fried Rice to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Crab Fried Rice

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

