https://www.awesomecuisine.com/recipes/22793/thai-crab-fried-rice/


  * Vegetarian
    * Appetizers & Snacks
      * All Vegetarian Snacks
      * Bonda
      * Samosa
      * Sundal
      * Vada
      * Vadam and Vathal
      * Kebabs
    * Breads & Rice
      * Biryani
      * Naan
      * Paratha
      * Poori
      * Pulao
      * Rice
      * Roti
    * Vegetarian Mains
      * Curries and Gravies
      * Dal
      * Paneer
    * South Indian Food
      * All South Indian Recipes
      * Kootu
      * Sambar
      * Rasam
      * Idli
      * Dosa
    * Vegetarian Sides
      * All Side Dishes
      * Chutneys and Sauces
      * Raita
  * Non Vegetarian
    * Egg
    * Chicken
    * Crab
    * Fish
    * Mutton
    * Prawn
    * Shrimp
  * Fast Food
    * Burgers
    * Chaat
    * Pasta
    * Pizza
    * Sandwich
  * Beverages
    * Cocktails
    * Fruit Juices
    * Lassi
    * Milkshakes
    * Mocktails
    * Smoothies
  * Desserts & Sweets
    * Sweets
      * All Sweets
      * Burfi
      * Halwa
      * Kesari
      * Laddu
    * Desserts
      * All Desserts
      * Cakes
      * Chocolate
      * Cookies
      * Ice Cream
      * Kheer
  * Tamil Recipes
  * Health
    * Salad
      * Salad Dressings
    * Soup
    * Pregnancy and Postnatal
  * International
    * Chinese
    * French
    * Italian
    * Mediterranean
    * Mexican
    * Middle Eastern
    * Spanish
    * Thai
    * Vietnamese
  * More
    * Food Guide
    * Kids Recipes
    * Indian Festival Recipes
    * Fruits & Vegetables

__

__

__

Home __International __Thai __ Thai Crab Fried Rice

ThaiCrab

# Thai Crab Fried Rice

_2.2k_ views

Thai Crab Fried Rice is a powerful combination of delicate flavors of crab
meat and aromatic effect of carefully picked spices and herbs.

Jump to Recipe

Most of us have relished fried rice at some point in our lives. However,
nothing tastes like fried rice which is blended with the flavors of spices and
crab meat. It is a popular Thai dish which is not so common in India. However,
there is nothing unusual about its recipe and ingredients that would trouble
you while making it in your kitchen.

Thai Crab Fried Rice is a powerful combination of delicate flavors of crab
meat and aromatic effect of carefully picked spices and herbs. You can also
add a whole egg to this recipe to accentuate its texture and it also helps to
bring all the ingredients together.

Fish sauce and soy sauce bring the typical seafood taste to this dish and make
it even more delightful and tempting. A bowl of Thai Crab Fried Rice is all
you need to satiate your seafood craving. Moreover, you might also think of
the veggies like carrot, onion, and tomato to add a touch of the Indian
seafood cuisine.

Crabmeat assists in regulating our blood pressure and some reports suggest
that it also negates the harmful and carcinogenic effects of mercury, cadmium,
etc. since it contains selenium (anti-oxidant).

It is a rich source of omega-3 fatty acids which proves to be good for heart
patients. All these nutritional benefits make it a wonderful recipe for your
family and kids. Moreover, seafood like crabmeat contains a very low level of
saturated fat and therefore health-conscious people can eat it without any
worries.

Thai cuisine is full of special and exotic non-vegetarian dishes especially
when it comes to fish and seafood recipes but sometimes we think that it might
be hard to replicate these recipes at our home.

We might not get all the special ingredients and spices of Thailand but we can
easily replace them with those we find in India. Therefore, you must
definitely try this recipe to enjoy an authentic Thai dish with your friends
and loved ones.

5 from 1 vote

## Thai Crab Fried Rice Recipe

Thai Crab Fried Rice is a powerful combination of delicate flavors of crab
meat and aromatic effect of carefully picked spices and herbs.

Prep Time10 mins

Cook Time20 mins

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Thai

Keyword: Chilli Rice, crab

## Ingredients for Thai Crab Fried Rice

  * 100 gms Crab Meat
  * 1 cup Rice cooked (Leftover rice is also good)
  * 2 1/2 tsp Oil
  * 1 no Egg lightly beaten
  * 1 no Garlic Clove minced
  * 3/4 tblsp Fish Sauce
  * 3/4 tblsp Soy Sauce
  * 1/2 tsp White Pepper Powder
  * 2 nos Spring Onions chopped
  * handful Coriander Leaves chopped
  * Lime wedges  to serve

#### Optional

  * 1 no Onion sliced
  * 1 no Tomato small, wedged, to serve
  * 1 no Carrot small, sliced

## How to make Thai Crab Fried Rice

  * Heat 1 1/2 tblsp oil in a pan.

  * Stir-fry the garlic until light brown.

  * Add the rice and mix gently.

  * Add the fish sauce, soy sauce and stir again.

  * Remove the rice from the pan and keep aside.

  * Add the remaining oil and add the egg.

  * Cook until the bottom sets and add the rice to the pan.

  * Stir well.

  * Add the crab meat and cook for a few minutes or until the rice is fluffy.

  * Add the spring onions and pepper powder.

  * Continue to cook for 3 to 5 minutes, stirring a few times.

  * Garnish with coriander leaves.

  * Serve with lime wedges.

previous post

##### Murukulu (Andhra style Murukku)

next post

##### Mutton Biryani

##### Praveen Kumar

Praveen Kumar is the founder of Awesome Cuisine. He started Awesome Cuisine in
2008 to showcase the rich culinary heritage of India and also as a means to
track his love for food. A Digital Marketer by profession and a foodie by
passion, he has been involved in food ever since his school days.

________

#### You may also like

###  Singapore Chilli Crab

###  Pad See Ew

###  Thai Shrimp and Tofu Curry

###  Garlic Pepper Crabs

###  Crab Pepper Soup

###  Shrimp Pad Thai

### Leave a Comment Cancel Reply

### Search Recipes

__

### Popular Recipes

  * ####  Vanilla Sponge Cake 

  * ####  Home Made Cake 

  * ####  Soan Papdi 

  * ####  Smiley Face Potatoes (Homemade Potato Smiley) 

  * ####  Hong Kong Chicken 

### Recent Recipes

  * ####  Gunpowder Chicken 

  * ####  Chicken Teriyaki 

  * ####  Chaman Kaliya 

  * ####  Paneer Lababdar 

  * ####  Channa Chaat (Chickpeas Chaat) 

  * ####  Fattoush 

### Food Glossary

  * Conversions and Equivalents
  * Indian Fruit Names in English, Hindi and Tamil
  * Indian Vegetable Names in English, Hindi, Tamil, Telugu & Kannada
  * Names of Indian Condiments and Spices in Tamil, Telugu, Kannada, Hindi and English

### Follow Awesome Cuisine

__ Facebook __ Twitter __ Instagram __ Pinterest

  * Indian Recipes
  * About
  * Contact Us
  * Press and Media
  * Privacy Policy

Copyright Â© 2022 Awesome Cuisine.

__

__

__

  * Vegetarian
    * Appetizers & Snacks
      * All Vegetarian Snacks
      * Bonda
      * Samosa
      * Sundal
      * Vada
      * Vadam and Vathal
      * Kebabs
    * Breads & Rice
      * Biryani
      * Naan
      * Paratha
      * Poori
      * Pulao
      * Rice
      * Roti
    * Vegetarian Mains
      * Curries and Gravies
      * Dal
      * Paneer
    * South Indian Food
      * All South Indian Recipes
      * Kootu
      * Sambar
      * Rasam
      * Idli
      * Dosa
    * Vegetarian Sides
      * All Side Dishes
      * Chutneys and Sauces
      * Raita
  * Non Vegetarian
    * Egg
    * Chicken
    * Crab
    * Fish
    * Mutton
    * Prawn
    * Shrimp
  * Fast Food
    * Burgers
    * Chaat
    * Pasta
    * Pizza
    * Sandwich
  * Beverages
    * Cocktails
    * Fruit Juices
    * Lassi
    * Milkshakes
    * Mocktails
    * Smoothies
  * Desserts & Sweets
    * Sweets
      * All Sweets
      * Burfi
      * Halwa
      * Kesari
      * Laddu
    * Desserts
      * All Desserts
      * Cakes
      * Chocolate
      * Cookies
      * Ice Cream
      * Kheer
  * Tamil Recipes
  * Health
    * Salad
      * Salad Dressings
    * Soup
    * Pregnancy and Postnatal
  * International
    * Chinese
    * French
    * Italian
    * Mediterranean
    * Mexican
    * Middle Eastern
    * Spanish
    * Thai
    * Vietnamese
  * More
    * Food Guide
    * Kids Recipes
    * Indian Festival Recipes
    * Fruits & Vegetables

