https://www.thaitable.com/thai/recipe/crab-fried-rice


  * Skip Navigation.
  * Jump to Navigation

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Ingredients
  * Thai Food Articles
  * Travel
  * Restaurants & Markets
  * Blog

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Ingredients
  * Thai Food Articles
  * Travel
  * Restaurants & Markets
  * Blog

Home > Recipes > Crab Fried Rice

# Crab Fried Rice Recipe

follow us!  Follow @thaitable

5/5 33 Votes

Pin It

Tweet

See it on your phone!

Of all the fried rice dishes, Crab Fried Rice is the king of fried rice that
gets to meet and greet important guests. When I was a kid, crab fried rice was
the dish that came at the end of the 10-20 course wedding banquet.

Crab Fried Rice is a dish that you do not want to order from small street
stalls. You want to get crab fried rice at a nice restaurant because the
quality of the crab determines how good crab fried rice can be.

This recipe reflects how crab fried rice is made in Thai restaurants in
Thailand, no carrots, no peas, just crab!

__

_4 Servings_, Prep Time: 20 Minutes, Total Time: 20 Minutes

* * *

  * 6 cups  cooked rice
  * 2  eggs
  * 1 1/2 tablespoons  fish sauce
  * 3 cloves  chopped  garlic
  * 2-3  chopped  green onions
  * 3-5 tablespoons  cooking oil
  * 1 teaspoon  ground white pepper
  * 1 cup  crab meat 

### Tips and Techniques

  * Drier rice gives you fluffy fried rice as opposed to gummy/mushy fried rice. Cook rice with about 10% less water than normal to get firmer rice.
  * Home stoves don't have as many BTUs as a restaurant stove and it's tough to get a high enough heat. To do so, make sure you start with an exceptionally hot wok, cook fast and be efficient. 
  * If you are using cold rice, heat it up for a few minutes so that it's warm. Cold rice will take away much needed heat from your wok. It's harder to break up clumps of cold rice. You may end up with mushy and/or broken grains than you want. 
  * Quick cooking time will keep crab meat intact for better presentation.  
  * Taste your crab to see if the salt content is high. If the crab is salty, adjust the amount of fish sauce.
  * I recommend using ground white pepper instead of ground black pepper because it gives fried rice dishes a distinct clean taste.
  * Use the amounts of rice and crab as a guide. Add more crab or rice if you like.

### Method

### Prepping

I cook 3 cups of jasmine rice with 3 cups of water which yields about 7 cups
of cooked rice. This recipe calls for 6 cups of cooked rice. Another cup is
for emergency rescue. Canned crab meat is convenient and fast. However, if you
have leftover cooked crab, that is ideal. The can that I bought has ½ cup of
crab meat. You will need 2 cans. Squeeze out the water so that the fried rice
will be fluffy not gummy.

### Cooking

Over medium to high heat, add 3 tablespoons of oil to a wok or a large pot.
You'll need room to stir the rice around. Add chopped garlic to the oil. When
the garlic begins to brown, add rice. Stir and mix the rice with the oil. Add
crab meat and stir again.

Make room in the middle of the wok. Add a teaspoon of oil and crack the egg
into the spot. Scramble the egg to cook it. Then incorporate the egg into the
rest of the fried rice. Repeat the same steps to add another egg.

Add fish sauce and ground white pepper and taste. If your fried rice is too
salty, add the 1 cup of left over rice. Stir and taste again. If you are happy
with the taste, turn off the heat. Add the chopped green onions.  In the
pictures, I added a few cilantro leaves as a garnish, but it's not necessary
and purely for decoration.

### Tasting

The Crab Fried Rice should be fluffy, dotted with crab chunks and green onion.
It should not be oily. The crab flavor should be prominent with detectable
amount of ground white pepper. Serve with sliced cucumber, a wedge of lime and
chili fish sauce.

1 1

2 2

3 3

4 4

5 5

6 6

1

2

3

4

5

6

## Chili Fish Sauce

_Nam Pla Prig_

  * 2 tablespoons  fish sauce
  * 1/4  lime
  * 1  shallots
  * 1-4  Thai chili pepper

### Tips and Techniques

For a vegetarian chili fish sauce, substitute light soy sauce for fish sauce.

### Method

Slice chili pepper and shallot and place them in a sauce dish. Add fish sauce
and lime juice. Some people omit the lime juice. But in our house, lime juice
is a must. Some like garlic instead of shallot.

This sauce is like salt and pepper, appearing on most people's table. Chili
fish sauce is also served with crispy fried dishes like fried fish, deep fried
okra or green beans.

1 1

2 2

1

2

Author: Natty Netsuwan

### You may also like

  * Crab Fried Rice

  * Chinese Olive Fried Rice

  * Fried Rice

  * Chicken on Rice with Hot Yellow Bean Sauce

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.

### Comment through Facebook

Join our Mailing list

Email Address

### Most Recent Posts

  * Vegan Mango Salad

Spicy refreshing green mango salad with toasted peanuts

  * Fried Chinese Chive Cakes

Pan fried Chinese chive cakes served with spicy soy sauce

  * Pork Meatballs

Smooth, well-blended pork meatballs, made with lean pork and spices

  * Tom Yum Noodles

Spicy and sour noodle soup served with crushed peanuts, powdered chili and
lime juice

  * Pork Soup

Rich pork soup, easy to make, great for noodle soup

  * Braised Pork Shank on Rice

Braised pork shank with gummy and soft rind, served with blanched Chinese
broccoli, pickled mustard and chili garlic sauce

  * Pad Kee Mao

Pork stir-fried with spicy sauce, also known as drunken pork

  * Drunken Noodles

Spicy hot rice noodles stir-fried with pork and holy basil

  * Pork Rind Sheet

Fresh pork skin

  * Nam Prig Noom

Popular northern meal; green chili sauce, pork rinds and sticky rice

### Most Popular Recipes

  * Pad Thai

Stir fried rice noodles with chives, bean sprouts and shrimp.

  * Tom Yum Goong

Shrimp in clear spicy soup made from lemon grass, kaffir lime, hot pepper,
lime juice and fish sauce

  * Fried Rice

Thai style fried rice

  * Pad See Ew

Stir fried rice noodles with Chinese broccoli and soy sauces.

  * Laab

Spicy ground pork or chicken salad cooked in lime juice, chili pepper and fish
sauce

  * Chicken Curry

Chicken and Thai eggplant in red curry

  * Green Papaya Salad

Shreded green papaya, cherry tomatoes, green beans with lime dressing

  * Mango on Sticky Rice

Ripe mango served on a bed of coconut milk soaked sticky rice.

  * Basil Eggplant

Stir fried eggplant with basil and chili pepper.

  * Chicken Basil

Ground chicken stir fried with holy basil

About Us Advertise Contact Us Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Copyright

Copyright © 1998-2022 ThaiTable.com and it's owners.

www.thaitable.com/thai/recipe/crab-fried-rice

