https://www.southernliving.com/recipes/sea-island-crab-fried-rice


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Southern Living Southern Living

  * Food and Recipes
  * Culture and Lifestyle
  * Style
  * Holidays & Occasions
  * Home
  * Gardening Ideas
  * News
  * Video

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Account

Your Account

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Email Preferences
  * Newsletters
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Southern Living Books this link opens in a new tab

Login

Subscribe

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore Southern Living

Southern Living Southern Living

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * The Best New Haircuts to Try in 2022

####  The Best New Haircuts to Try in 2022

Here are the haircuts you'll be seeing everywhere this year.  Read More

    * How To Season a Cast-Iron Skillet

####  How To Season a Cast-Iron Skillet

Learn how to season this Southern kitchen staple.  Read More

    * 50 Thoughtful Messages for a Meaningful Thank You Note

####  50 Thoughtful Messages for a Meaningful Thank You Note

Not sure what to write in a thank you card? Here's how to show your gratitude
with a handwritten note.  Read More

  * Food and Recipes

### Food and Recipes

See All Food and Recipes

4 Easy Ways to Tell if an Egg Has Gone Bad

####  4 Easy Ways to Tell if an Egg Has Gone Bad

It’s not all in the senses, but they sure can help.

    * Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Dinner
    * Kitchen Assistant
    * Casserole
    * Holiday and Occasion Food
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Desserts
    * Healthy and Light
    * Side Dishes
    * Party Food and Drink
    * Appetizers
    * Meat
    * Breakfast
    * BBQ
    * Drinks
    * What's Cooking

  * Culture and Lifestyle

### Culture and Lifestyle

See All Culture and Lifestyle

70 Cute and Funny Nicknames For Your Best Friends

####  70 Cute and Funny Nicknames For Your Best Friends

Let your besties know how much they mean to you with one of these unique
nicknames.

    * Quotes and Sayings
    * Biscuits and Jam Podcast
    * Travel
    * Pets
    * Healthy Living
    * Coastal Living

  * Style

### Style

See All Style

The Coziest Winter Nail Colors for January 2022

####  The Coziest Winter Nail Colors for January 2022

The beginning of a new year often has us all feeling like starting off fresh
by taking on better habits, getting rid of old ones, and—most
commonly—changing up our look. While others are hitting the squats and going
into the salon for a pixie cut, why not start slow and steady with a cozy
winter manicure in a color that feels new to you? It takes only a little
courage to step outside your usual OPI Lincoln Park After Dark or Essie
Bordeaux, which is all you need to kick 2022 off on a fanciful foot. From new
wintry takes on classic dark nail colors to unique pops of color that'll have
you feeling the opposite of boring, these are the best nail colors to try this
January and tick off all the way into spring.

    * Beauty
    * Hair
    * Fashion
    * Short Hairstyles
    * Nails
    * Medium Hairstyles
    * Skincare
    * Long Hairstyles

  * Holidays & Occasions

### Holidays & Occasions

See All Holidays & Occasions

    * Thanksgiving
    * Gifts
    * Christmas
    * Mother's Day
    * Hanukkah
    * New Year's
    * Easter
    * Mardi Gras
    * 4th of July
    * Weddings

  * Home

### Home

See All Home

16 Kitchen Design Trends Southern Designers Predict Will Be Everywhere in 2022

####  16 Kitchen Design Trends Southern Designers Predict Will Be Everywhere
in 2022

There's no denying how the pandemic fundamentally changed the world—including
how we live (and work) inside our homes. An overall trend toward celebrating
the history and originality of our homes is displacing ultramodern aesthetics
and sharp lines as we all look to create cozier, colorful, more personalized
spaces that better suit our lifestyles. We're turning away from big-box stores
and toward vintage items—first, out of necessity due to supply-chain issues,
and now, for design reasons—to add charm and character to every room in the
house, including the kitchen. Here, interior designers from around the South
share their predictions for what's trending in kitchen design for 2022 and
beyond.

    * Home Decor Ideas
    * Idea Houses
    * Kitchen Design
    * Before & After Photos
    * Bathroom Design
    * Curb Appeal
    * Bedroom Design
    * DIY Home Decor
    * Color Palettes & Paint
    * House Plans & Builders
    * Inspired Communities

  * Gardening Ideas

### Gardening Ideas

See All Gardening Ideas

If You Keep Finding Ladybugs in Your House, Here's What You Need to Know

####  If You Keep Finding Ladybugs in Your House, Here's What You Need to Know

Plus a few strategies for keeping them out-of-doors

    * Container Gardening
    * Gardening Flowers
    * Fruit, Vegetable & Herb Gardens
    * Garden Pests
    * Plant Guides A-Z
    * Indoor Plants
    * Fall Plants
    * Landscaping Ideas
    * The Grumpy Gardener

  * News

### News

See All News

    * Celebrities
    * Local News

  * Video

## Profile Menu

Subscribe  this link opens in a new tab

Your Account

Your Account

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Email Preferences
  * Newsletters
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Give a Gift Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Southern Living Books this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Southern Living
  2. Food and Recipes
  3. Grains
  4. Rice
  5. Sea Island Crab Fried Rice Recipe

# Sea Island Crab Fried Rice Recipe

Rating: Unrated

  * Be the first to rate & review! 

This recipe, adapted from cookbook author Sallie Ann Robinson, is a take on
crab rice, a popular dish found throughout the Lowcountry and Sea Islands,
particularly in Gullah Geechie communities. In Robinson's version, sweet
crabmeat is paired with precooked rice, bacon, and sautéed vegetables to make
a delicious dish that is truly more than the sum of its parts. Eat Crab Fried
Rice as-is, top it with a fried egg, or serve it as a side along with other
seafood dishes.From _Gullah Home Cooking the Daufuskie Way: Smokin' Joe Butter
Beans, Ol' 'Fuskie Fried Crab Rice, Sticky-Bush Blackberry Dumpling, & Other
Sea Island Favorites_. Copyright ©2003 by Sallie Ann Robinson. Used by
permission of The University of North Carolina Press

Sallie Ann Robinson

By Sallie Ann Robinson

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Sea Island Crab Fried Rice Recipe

Credit: Antonis Achilleos; Prop Styling: Kathleen Varner; Food Styling: Emily
Nabors Hall

## Recipe Summary

active:

30 mins

total:

30 mins

Yield:

Serves 8

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * 2 bacon slices, cut into 1-inch pieces
  * 4 tablespoons vegetable oil, divided
  * 1 cup chopped yellow onion (from 1 medium onion)
  * 1 cup chopped green bell pepper (from 1 large pepper)
  * 3/4 cup chopped celery (from 3 stalks)
  * 1 tablespoon chopped garlic (from 3 garlic cloves)
  * 1/2 cup chopped scallions, white and green parts separated (from 1 bunch)
  * 1 pound fresh crabmeat, picked over
  * 4 cups cooked long-grain white rice
  * 1 1/2 teaspoons kosher salt
  * 1/2 teaspoon black pepper
  * 1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Cook bacon in a 12-inch skillet over medium-high, turning often, until nicely
browned and crisp (adjusting heat as needed to prevent burning), about 8
minutes. Transfer bacon to a small bowl using a slotted spoon, and set aside.
Reserve drippings in skillet.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Add 2 tablespoons of the oil to drippings in skillet. Add onion, bell pepper,
celery, garlic, and white parts of scallions. Cook over medium-high, tossing
often, until vegetables are fragrant and tender, 2 to 3 minutes.

  * Step 3

Add crabmeat to skillet, and cook, tossing occasionally, until crabmeat is
lightly browned, about 5 minutes. Add cooked rice, salt, black pepper, and
remaining 2 tablespoons oil. Cook, tossing often, until rice is hot and all
ingredients are combined evenly, about 4 minutes.

  * Step 4

Add parsley, green parts of scallions, and reserved bacon to skillet, and toss
well to combine. Transfer crab fried rice to a serving platter, and serve hot
or warm.

Advertisement

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews

Add Rating & Review

Be the first to rate and review! No ratings or reviews yet.

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Sea Island Crab Fried Rice Recipe

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Sea Island Crab Fried Rice Recipe

##  All Reviews for Sea Island Crab Fried Rice Recipe

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Sea Island Crab Fried Rice Recipe

Servings Per Recipe:  

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Southern Living

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Books from Southern Living
  * Contact Us
  * Advertise
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithSouthern Living is part of the Meredith Home Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporation. Southern Living is a registered trademark of Meredith
Corporationthis link opens in a new tab All Rights Reserved. Southern Living
may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this
website. Offers may be subject to change without notice. Privacy Policythis
link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in a new tab Ad
Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis link opens a
modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Southern Living. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.southernliving.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Sea Island Crab Fried Rice Recipe

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

