https://www.indianhealthyrecipes.com/mushroom-pepper-fry-easy-mushroom-recipes/


Skip to content

Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About

Search

Toggle Menu

Search

# Mushroom Pepper Fry

Home >> Recipes >> South Indian

Byswasthi

46 Comments

__WhatsApp

 __Share 2K

 __Pin 3K

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

5K Shares

Mushroom pepper fry is a simple, healthy & delicious South Indian dish made
with mushrooms, bell peppers, curry leaves, fresh ground black pepper & fennel
seeds. This unique and super flavorful mushroom pepper fry is one of the best
you can make in just 25 mins. It goes so well with plain rice, chapati,
**paratha** , phulka or roti. I also use it as a stuffing in **sandwiches**
and **kathi rolls**.

* * *

The unique flavour & the taste comes from the fresh ground pepper, fennel
seeds and curry leaves. This mushroom pepper fry is great to enjoy during the
monsoon & winter.

Pepper mushroom, Egg pepper fry, Pepper chicken & pepper mutton are some of
the popular pepper dishes found on the South Indian restaurant menus.

Mushrooms and capsicum make a great pair in stir fry dishes, curries and even
in fried rice. This mushroom pepper fry can also be made without capsicums but
you will miss the delicate flavor they impart to the dish.

For variations, you can substitute mushrooms with any other veggies or with
even boiled eggs in the recipe. I have this **baby corn fry** made following
the same.

## Tips

Spice powder: Fennel seeds balance the pungent and hot flavors of black
pepper. Also they impart some sweet flavors. The combination of these 2 spices
is what makes this a great dish. So for best flavors use both of them.

Tomatoes & onions: I also make this a lot of times without tomatoes and onions
too. The dish turns out super good even without them. In that case all you
need is mushrooms & bell peppers.

Tomatoes add a slight tang and flavor to the mushroom pepper fry. Onions
impart a sweet and crunch in the dish.

You can also use tri-colored bell peppers as each one of them have a different
flavor and taste.

More **Mushroom recipes**  
 **Mushroom masala  
Chilli mushroom  
kadai mushrooms  
Mushroom curry  
Matar mushroom**

Advertisement

## How to make Mushroom Pepper Fry

1\. Add 1 teaspoon black pepper and ½ teaspoon fennel seeds (saunf) to a
grinder/blender. You can adjust the quantity as needed. But this is the
quantity I use and the flavors are slightly overpowering, that is how we like.
If you like the mild flavors then use ¾ tsp pepper and ¼ tsp saunf.

2\. Powder them and set aside.

3\. Heat a pan with ghee or oil. Fry cumin seeds and chopped garlic until a
good aroma comes out.

4\. Optional - You may skip the tomatoes completely from the recipe. Add
deseeded tomatoes. (either pureed, chopped finely or cubed). I prefer to use
large cubes, as it becomes easy to discard the tomato skin once cooked. Also
sprinkle salt and turmeric.

Advertisement

5\. I covered and cooked on low flame until they turned soft. While the
tomatoes cook, rinse the mushrooms and slice them slightly thick or as
desired.

6\. Cook until the tomatoes turn mushy. If using puree cook until it thickens.
When the tomatoes turn soft, I discard the skin with the help of a fork.

7\. Add sliced onions and capsicum. You can add in deseeded slit green chilies
if using.

8\. Saute for 2 to 3 mins on a medium high heat until the raw smell of the
onions goes away.

Advertisement

9\. Add sliced mushrooms.

10\. Fry for 3 mins on a medium high flame, until slightly tender. Add pepper
and fennel powder along with curry leaves. If you see the mushrooms letting
out moisture, stir fry on the highest heat.

12\. Stir fry for another 2 to 3 mins until the mushrooms are done to your
liking. We prefer a slight crunch in the mushrooms. Don't overcook them to the
extent they become soggy.

Serve it with rice, roti or even as a filling in sandwiches and wraps.

**Related Recipes**

### Mushroom Recipes

### Mushroom Masala C...

### Chilli Mushroom

### Kadai Mushroom Re...

### Mushroom Fry

### Matar Mushroom

## Recipe Card

Advertisement

## Mushroom Pepper Fry

This simple mushroom pepper fry is amazingly flavorful, delicious and easy to
make. This can be served with rice, roti or even with bread and wraps as a
stuffing.

Pin Recipe Print Recipe

1x2x3x

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

For best results follow the step-by-step photos above the recipe card

Prep Time5 minutes

Cook Time20 minutes

Total Time25 minutes

Servings2

AuthorSwasthi

### Ingredients (US cup = 240ml )

  * ▢ 1¼ cup mushrooms sliced
  * ▢ 1 small onion sliced thinly (about ¼ to ⅓ cup)
  * ▢ 1  green chili deseeded & slit (optional)
  * ▢ ½ cup capsicum (bell pepper julienned)
  * ▢ 1 teaspoon black pepper corn
  * ▢ ¼ to ½ teaspoon fennel seeds (saunf) (¼ for mild flavor) 
  * ▢ ½ teaspoon cumin seeds (jeera)
  * ▢ 2 garlic cloves  chopped 
  * ▢ 1 sprig  curry leaves
  * ▢ ¼ teaspoon salt (adjust to taste)
  * ▢ ⅛ teaspoon turmeric
  * ▢ 1 medium tomato deseeded & chopped or pureed (optional)
  * ▢ 1 tablespoon oil or ghee

Advertisement

### Instructions

  * ▢

To make mushroom pepper fry, first make the spice powder. Add fennel seeds and
black pepper to a grinder jar and powder them.

  * ▢

Pour oil to a hot pan. Add cumin seeds and chopped garlic. Saute until the
garlic smells good for a minute or so.

  * ▢

Add tomatoes, salt and turmeric. Cook until the tomatoes break down and become
mushy and soft.

  * ▢

Next add capsicum, chilies and onions. Saute on a medium high flame until the
raw smell of onions is gone.

  * ▢

Add mushrooms & fry on a high heat for 3 mins. If you see the mushrooms
letting out moisture, stir fry on the highest heat until the mushrooms become
slightly tender.

  * ▢

Then add crushed pepper, fennel seeds and curry leaves. Fry for 2 to 3 mins
until you begin to smell the spices good.

  * ▢

Turn off when the mushrooms are done to your liking. Do not overcook as they
become mushy. Remove mushroom pepper fry to a wide serving bowl and leave
uncovered for a while to avoid building up moisture.

  * ▢

Serve mushroom pepper fry with rice or roti. or stuff it to make wraps and
sandwiches.

Advertisement

### Notes

  * Sometimes I use bottled ground black pepper and fennel powder. It works well but fresh ground spices are much more flavorful.
  * I make this a lot of times without tomato and onions as well. The dish turns out great even without them. It's the spices that impart a great flavor.

Alternative quantities provided in the recipe card are for 1x only, original
recipe.

For best results follow my detailed step-by-step photo instructions and tips
above the recipe card.

### NUTRITION INFO (estimation only)

Nutrition Facts

Mushroom Pepper Fry

Amount Per Serving

**Calories** 117 Calories from Fat 63

**% Daily Value***

**Fat** 7g **11%**

 **Sodium** 8mg **0%**

 **Potassium** 389mg **11%**

 **Carbohydrates** 11g **4%**

Fiber 2g **8%**

Sugar 4g **4%**

 **Protein** 3g **6%**

**Vitamin A** 1315IU **26%**

 **Vitamin C** 74.6mg **90%**

 **Calcium** 24mg **2%**

 **Iron** 1mg **6%**

* Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.

Tried this recipe?Mention @SwasthisRecipes or tag #swasthisrecipes!

(C) Swasthi's Recipes

__WhatsApp

 __Share 2K

 __Pin 3K

 __Reddit

 __Tweet

 __Email

5K Shares

**FOR MORE RECIPES**

Please leave this field empty

Enter & Confirm eMail ID for Swasthi's Recipes Newsletter *

Check your inbox or spam folder to confirm your subscription.

  

Advertisement

## Post navigation

Previous Previous

Chilli Paneer Recipe

NextContinue

Nankhatai Recipe (Indian cookies)

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

Label

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

__

Name*

__

Email*

46 Comments

__Inline Feedbacks

View all comments

Angela

Hi Swasthi. I just want to bring to your attention that I found the picture of
your mushroom pepper fry on a local restaurant's website in Singapore. They
may be misusing it. I am unable to paste the link here, so here's the name of
the website - chat masala. The picture is on their menu (under vegetarian
items, titled mushroom pepper fry).

Regards,  
Angela

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Angela

Hi Angela,  
Thanks for your time to let me know about the image. I will look into it.  
🙂

Reply

Advertisement

ROopa

  
Superb recipe! Simple quick and delicious starter!!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   ROopa

Thank you Roopa

Reply

CO Lee

  
I love this recipe -- we make it all the time.  
Tonight, I did a combo of mushrooms and cabbage. Yum.  
Thank you for the great recipes!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   CO Lee

Welcome Co Lee  
Glad to know! Thank you so much for leaving a comment.

Reply

Tracey

  
Just an observation there is no mention of turmeric in the ingredients, yet it
is mentioned in the 2nd step.

Apart from that this is a super easy and very tasty recipe, and perfect for
using up the ingredients left in your fridge at the end of a week

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Tracey

Hi Tracey,  
Thanks for the mention. I have updated it.

Reply

Mohanachandran Kozhikott

  
Thanks a lot. Never knew, one could make it so simple. It was delicious. Your
recipes are really good and the descriptions are easy to follow. The tips that
you provide are of immense help, especially for a beginner like me, that too
after my retirement!

All the best in all your endeavours  
Mohan

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Mohanachandran Kozhikott

You are welcome!  
Thank you so much!

Reply

Imogen

  
Turned out really great in so little time.Thanks I am a great fan of yours

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Imogen

Welcome Imogen  
Glad to know! Thank you so much!

Reply

Winnie

  
Tried this recipe and it was extremely delicious. The pepper and saunf powder
along with the curry leaves really enhances the taste and flavour. The veggies
too had the right crunch without being mushy.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Winnie

Glad to know Winnie  
Thank you

Reply

Advertisement

Poonam

Hello Swasthi, I tried this recipe (mushroom pepper fry) today, it tasted
awesome however it gave out quite some water after the cooking (when I kept it
covered to have after 30mins or so)!, Can you tell me if I have done any step
wrong. Both mushroom and peppers became quite soggy since then.

Kindly suggest if anything to be taken care to make it like a dry sabji ,the
way it looks in your picture above. thanks

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Poonam

Hello Poonam  
Some kind of mushrooms just let out lots of water if covered while cooking.
Next time try to saute them without covering. Once done do not leave the pan
covered on the stove. Remove it from the heat and avoid covering it until it
cools down. I also don't cook cold veggies from the fridge as they let out
moisture. Is that the reason? not sure though! Hope this helps.

Reply

sashwath

Nice

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   sashwath

Thank you

Reply

Nice

  
Nice

Reply

Sharmi

I tried it today and it was really yum!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Sharmi

Thank you!

Reply

Gita Naidu

  
I am very fond of your South Indian receipes. My husband enjoys all your  
Receipes I have made so far. Please, give us more of vegetable side dishes.  
Gita Naidu.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Gita Naidu

Hi Gita,  
Thank you so much! Glad to know all the recipes have come out good. You can
check the entire **stir fry & veg curry recipes here**. Hope you enjoy them!  
🙂

Reply

sunita

  
Simple to make and fabulous to eat

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   sunita

Thanks Sunita

Reply

Advertisement

Bharti

  
My husband loves this dish!!

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Bharti

Thank you Bharti

Reply

Geeta V. Shirodkar

  
I tried this recipe today and it turned out just Amazing!?

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Geeta V. Shirodkar

Thank you so much Geeta

Reply

Janani

  
Nice recipe .i tried . so tasty

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Janani

Thanks Janani

Reply

Sonali Vinnakota

  
I could alomost smell them! Yummy! 🙂 You have a new fan in me. Will try your
recipes.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Sonali Vinnakota

Thanks Sonali  
So glad reading your comment.  
🙂

Reply

Manju

  
I tried mushroom pepper fry …thamks for awsome recipeee

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Manju

Welcome Manju  
Happy to know it turned out good.  
Thank you

Reply

kamaldekate

आदरणीय,  
स्वास्थी जी,  
मैने आपकी कुछ recipe स्वयं cook किया है जैसे कि - " पालक पनीर " , " चिकेन
लाॅलीपाप " और खीर आदि । मेरी विभिन्न हाॅबियों मे तरह तरह से भोजन तैयार करना भी
शामिल है । आपकी recipe तैयार करने मे मुझे बहूत आनन्द आया, सहजता के साथ ही
स्वाद भी उम्दा रहा । अपने स्वाद अनुरूप छोटा-मोटा फेरबदल भी बेहतर अनुभव करा गया
आशा है मुझे आपसे काफी कुछ सीखने मिलेगा ।  
धन्यवाद्

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   kamaldekate

Hello Kamal ji  
Thanks for your compliments. Glad to know you tried so many recipes and liked
them.  
🙂

Reply

Advertisement

Shar

  
Hi love your recipes. I have tried kadai mashroom, tomato curry beerakaya
chutney & breerakaya fry. They came out really well. Your recipes give me
confidance that I can cook well. Esp. In a situation where my MIL is waiting
for me to go wrong in cooking. I am enjoying trying them out. Your
instructions are very clear. Thanks a ton.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Shar

Welcome Shar  
So Glad to know the recipes are useful and you have been trying them.  
🙂  
Thanks for the feedback

Reply

Meena

__Reply to   Shar

After mushroom is added it has left water  
..should I wait till all d water is dried out before adding saunf and pepper
powder

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Meena

Yes meena. The moisture has to dry up. Just cook on a high flame it will
evaporate quickly

Reply

Priya

  
Fantastic tasting! I have loved all your recipes so far. They are the best 🙂
Only suggestion for this recipe…I added 2 green mirchi for a little spice
after adding onion.

Reply

__

swasthi

__Reply to   Priya

Hi Priya,  
Thanks a lot. Yes chilies would be a good addition to spice it up more. For
most recipes, you may not find chilies since my younger son still cannot
tolerate the heat. I will update the chilies in the recipe. Thanks again for
the feedback and suggestion

Reply

Load Rest of Comments

Advertisement

Advertisement

(C) 2022 Swasthi's Recipes

Insert

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Popular RecipesExpand child menuExpand

    * Matar Paneer
    * Butter Chicken
    * Chana Masala
    * Dal Makhani
    * Gobi Manchurian
    * Chicken Tikka Masala
  * SocialExpand child menuExpand

    * Facebook
    * Instagram
    * Twitter
    * Pinterest
    * Youtube

Toggle Menu Close

Search for:

Search

