https://cakeworkorange.com/easy-mushroom-pepper-fry/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * Contact
  * About Me
  * Recipes
  * Search

CakeworkOrange

menu icon

  * Home
  * Contact
  * About Me
  * Recipes

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

search icon

Search

  * Home
  * Contact
  * About Me
  * Recipes

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest

Ã

Home Â» Easy Mushroom Pepper Fry

Last Updated on Mar 13, 2021 by Gayathri Vijayakumar

# Easy Mushroom Pepper Fry

FacebookTweetPinYummlyEmail

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

Mushroom Pepper Fry is an easy South Indian dish made with mushroom, fresh
aromatic spices and bell peppers in less than 20 minutes. This is a spice
lovers' delight. Perfect as a side dish or an evening snack!

I love mushrooms and I am sure most of you do! I just can't get enough of it
and try to include it in as many dishes as possible. Mushroom in South Indian
dishes is always a superhit. When I recently made the **South Indian Mushroom
Biryani** , I received great feedback. This South Indian Style Mushroom Pepper
Fry is also one of my favourites in this category. If you are someone who
loves the spice of peppercorns, you will absolutely love this dish.

## Mushroom Pepper Fry

Pepper Fry is a famous dish in South India. Especially with chicken. I came
across this mushroom recipe a few years ago in a local restaurant and fell in
love with it. I tried recreating it in my own style and couldn't be happier
with the result. The best part of this recipe is the freshly ground powder
that is added. So much flavour and aroma! I love spicy food. There was a time
when I used to eat a bowl of pickle all by myself. After moving out of India,
my tolerance for spice has definitely gone down but I still adore such
flavourful, Spicy South Indian recipes.

Especially during winters, all I crave is spicy food. So, this dish makes
quite some appearance in my kitchen during the cold season. Peppercorns,
especially have a lot of anti-inflammatory properties and. It also stimulates
digestion and relieves cold & cough. That is an added benefit of including
pepper in this super delicious dish. Also, it is an extremely easy dish to
prepare and it takes just around 20 minutes!

## South Indian Flavours

The unique flavours of South Indian spices add to the beauty of this recipe.
The powder made from freshly roasted peppercorns, red chillies, cumin seeds
and fennel seeds is the Hero of this dish. As always, South Indian dishes are
incomplete without some fresh curry leaves. These add to the aroma and flavour
as well. Pepper is added generously in this recipe, as it's the main
ingredient and the major source of the spice.  
You just cannot make this dish bland because it is meant to be spicy! ð

## Step by Step Instructions

Heat a pan. Once hot, add peppercorn, fennel seeds, cumin seeds & red chilli.
Saute well on medium flame till well roasted & a nice aroma comes. Switch off.
Once cooled down, make a fine powder. In the same pan, add oil. Once hot, add
mustard seeds, curry leaves. Once it splutters, add crushed ginger & garlic.
Saute for a minute and add sliced onions. Saute till it turns light brown.

Add bell pepper and saute for 5 minutes. Then add chopped mushrooms, turmeric
powder & salt. Mix it together and add the freshly ground spice powder. Cook
on medium-high flame for few mins until the mushrooms become dry and well
roasted with the powder. Garnish with fresh curry leaves & serve.

## Getting it perfect

While preparing the spices for the powder, dry roast the spices well on a
medium flame till a nice aroma comes. Make sure you don't burn the spices.
This step is very important to get the perfect taste of the freshly made
powder.  
  
I would suggest chopping the mushrooms into medium-sized pieces so that it
doesn't get completely mushy when cooked. Also, mushroom releases water when
cooked for a long time. So, make sure you add the mushroom towards the end of
the recipe and cook it on the medium-high flame so that it gets roasted well
and doesn't release too much water. This also ensures the mushrooms retain
their juiciness and shape!

## Serving Suggestions

I personally love adding a dollop of ghee and mixing the Spicy Mushroom Pepper
fry with plain rice. Tastes divine!

Typically In South India, we love having this delicious Mushroom Fry with
**Rasam Rice** or **Sambar Rice**. You can also serve it with a **Pulao** or
with Rotis. I have also tried having them in wraps and they taste amazing.
Also, it's a great idea to top some of this South Indian Mushroom Pepper Fry
over some plain bread for your breakfast sandwich.

**IF YOU TRY THIS RECIPE, DO SHARE YOUR COMMENTS AND RATING WITH ME. ALSO, DON
'T FORGET TO SHARE THE PICTURES WITH ME ON INSTAGRAM. FOLLOW ME ON INSTAGRAM
AND FACEBOOK FOR MORE RECIPE UPDATES.**

## Easy Mushroom Pepper Fry

Gayathri Vijayakumar

Mushroom Pepper Fry is an easy South Indian dish made with mushroom, fresh
aromatic spices and bell peppers in less than 20 minutes. This is a spice
lovers' delight. Perfect as a side dish or an evening snack!

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 10 mins

Cook Time 15 mins

Total Time 25 mins

Course Appetizer, Main Course, Side Dish

Cuisine Indian

Servings 4 servings

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

#### For the Spice Powder

  * 2 Red Chillies
  * 2 tsp Peppercorns
  * 1 tsp Fennel seeds
  * 1 tsp Cumin seeds

#### For the Mushroom Pepper Fry

  * 2 tbsp Oil
  * 1 tsp Mustard Seeds
  * 1 spring Curry Leaves
  * 1 Onion finely chopped
  * 1 inch Ginger crushed
  * 3 cloves Garlic crushed
  * 300 gms Mushroom chopped into medium cubes
  * 1/2 cup Bell Pepper chopped into medium cubes
  * Salt to taste
  * 1/4 tsp Turmeric Powder

### Instructions



  * Heat a pan. Once hot, add the ingredients listed under "For the Spice Powder". Saute well on medium flame till well roasted & a nice aroma comes. Switch off. Once cooled down, make a fine powder. 

  * In the same pan, add oil. Once hot, add mustard seeds, curry leaves. Once it splutters, add crushed ginger & garlic. Saute for a minute and add sliced onions. Saute till it turns light brown.

  * Add bell pepper and saute for 5 minutes. Then add chopped mushrooms, turmeric powder & salt. Mix it together and add the freshly ground spice powder. Cook on medium-high flame for few mins until the mushrooms become dry and well roasted with the powder. 

  * Garnish with fresh curry leaves & serve. 

### Notes

Adjust spices to your taste.Â

Coconut oil, Sesame oil or Ghee goes well with this recipe.

Keyword easy mushroom pepper fry, mushroom fry, mushroom pepper fry, south
indian mushroom pepper fry, spicy mushroom fry

Tried this recipe?Let us know how it was!

FacebookTweetPinYummlyEmail

Categories: Appetizers / Snacks

## Primary Sidebar

Search

Search

Hi, Iâm Gayathri, the face behind CakeworkOrange. Hope you find the recipes
you are looking for. Sit back, have a piece of cake and enjoy!

More about me â

### Recent Posts

  * Air Fryer Pepper Mushrooms

  * Vendakkai Pachadi | Okra Raita

  * Roasted Baby Carrots in the Air Fryer

  * How to make Rose Lassi

## Footer

â back to top

**Privacy Policy**

2022 Â© CAKEWORKORANGE

Share this ArticleLike this article? Email it to a friend!

Friend's Email Address

Your Name

Your Email Address

Comments

Send Email

Email sent!

