https://www.cookclickndevour.com/crispy-corn-recipe-how-to-make-crispy-corn-recipe/


  * About Me
  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Privacy policy

  *   *   *   * 

Cook Click N Devour!!!

Easy Vegetarian & Vegan Recipes For Everyone

  * About Me
  * Home
  * Recipes
  * Privacy policy

Home / Snacks and Starters Recipes / **Crispy Corn Recipe (Crispy Sweet
Corn)**

Published: August 4, 2019 | Updated December 14, 2020 | By Harini

# Crispy Corn Recipe (Crispy Sweet Corn)

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

 _ **Crispy corn  recipe-** spicy, flavorful and delightfully crispy fried
corn seasoned perfectly is an excellent snack that you can serve with tea or
as a party starter. With just a handful of ingredients and 20 mins you can
make this best crispy corn at home and impress your guests or kids. Here is
how to make perfect crispy corn recipe with step by step photos._

I first tasted crispy corn at BBQ nation and was not much impressed. I found
the coating to be very thick and heavy.

Then I again tasted this spicy fried corn in a local cafe and it was spot on.
The outer coating was not overpowering at all and the taste and flavor of corn
was bursting through. This was many years back and now that I make crispy corn
at home, I make it the way we like.

**Making crispy corn at home is very easy.** Crispy corn varies in taste and
texture from restaurant to restaurant. Here what I am sharing here is a
delicious, light and crispy version that just brings out out the flavor of
corn.

_I have used rice flour and gram flour in this recipe instead of corn flour or
maida. So this crispy corn recipe is relatively healthy ðŸ™‚_

We love such easy starter s and snacks like crispy corn with our evening tea.
These also make for a great after school snack like veg rolls, veg puff, bread
balls, roasted makhana, veg cutlet, baby corn fritters, sabudana vada etc.

You can serve these crispy corn as such or toss with some quick manchurian
sauce and make corn manchurian too. For kids you can serve with their usual
health drink or milkshakes.

## This Crispy Corn Recipe Is

_Vegan, gluten free & clean_

_Free of maida or refined flour_

_So easy & quick to make_

_Crispy, delicious and  _ _additive_

_Perfect evening snack or party starter_

_Kid friendly_

**To make crispy corn I have used fresh sweet corn kernels**. I actually don't
purchase frozen corn at all so it is always fresh corn for all our favorite
corn dishes like corn cutlet, sweet corn kabab, corn pakoda, sweet corn curry,
fritters, corn rice etc.

Also use corn kernels that are full and mature for making absolutely crispy
corn. They should not be very tender or young.

## To Boil or Not Boil The Corn?

I find it an unnecessary step to boil the corn kernels for this recipe. In
this crispy corn recipe you are deep frying the corn kernels which means they
are getting cooked completely. So I never boil the corn here.

if your corn is very matured and dry you may just blanch it for 2-3 minutes in
boiling water.

## While Frying Corn For In Any Recipe

  1. Be very careful and wary while frying the cron as it tends to burst a ot.
  2. Pick out the whole corn from the cob as far as possible for this recipe
  3. If you are a beginner it is better to cover your pan with a wire mesh cover or even a regular pan cover.
  4. Stand a feet away and fry in medium flame.
  5. Make sure the corn is absolutely dry without a bit of moisture

## Ingredients For Crispy Corn

**To make delicious crispy corn you will need just a handful of ingredients.**
Some fresh corn kernels, flour of your choice like gram flour or refined
flour.

Here I have used a mix of gram flour and rice flour. Rice flour is much better
than corn flour in retaining the crispiness in such recipes. You can even use
rice flour in pakoda recipes.

I try to avoid refined flour as far as possible and especially when feeding to
the kid.

The other ingredients are regular seasonings like salt, chili powder, chaat
masala powder, coriander leaves and lemon wedges.

## **How To Make Crispy Corn Recipe**

1\. Take fresh corn kernels in a mixing bowl.

2\. Add all the other ingredients except oil and mix well

3\. heat oil in a pan and once the oil is hot, add the corn flour mixture and
stir gently. Once the corn starts to fry, close the pan and let the corn get
fried well.

4\. The corn will splutter while frying so keep the pan closed. Once all the
corn is fried and starts atop the oil, remove from flame and drain in a
tissue. Serve crispy corn garnished with cilantro leaves and lemon wedges.

## Tips For Making Best Crispy Corn

  1. Make sure the corn kernels are in full shape and absolutely dry.
  2. Here I have just tossed the flours for a very light coating. You can even make a slightly thick batter for more prominent coating.
  3. I have used groundnut oil for frying. You can use any oil you prefer.
  4. The recipe can be doubled.

_I hope you will try this crispy corn recipe and enjoy as much as we did. P
lease give a star rating â˜… in the recipe card below. Follow us on Pinterest ,
Instagram, Facebook   for more recipes and ideas._

## Crispy Corn Recipe

## Crispy Corn Recipe (Crispy Sweet Corn)

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

Harini

**Crispy corn  recipe-** spicy, flavorful and delightfully crispy fried corn
seasoned perfectly is an excellent snack that you can serve with tea or as a
party starter. With just a handful of ingredients and 20 mins you can make
this best crispy corn at home and impress your guests or kids. Here is how to
make perfect crispy corn recipe with step by step photos.  
  

5 from 2 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 10 mins

Cook Time 10 mins

Total Time 20 mins

Course starter

Cuisine world

Servings 4

Calories 249 kcal

#### 1 CUP = 250 ml

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * â–¢ Fresh corn kernels from one big sweet corn
  * â–¢ 2 tablespoons rice flour or corn flour
  * â–¢ 2 tablespoons gram flour
  * â–¢ 2 tablespoons water
  * â–¢ Chili powder to taste
  * â–¢ Chaat masala powder to taste
  * â–¢ Salt to taste
  * â–¢ Oil to fry

### Instructions



  * Take fresh corn kernels in a mixing bowl.

  * Add all the other ingredients except oil and mix well

  * heat oil in a pan and once the oil is hot, add the corn flour mixture and stir gently. Once the corn starts to fry, close the pan and let the corn get fried well. The corn will splutter while frying so keep the pan closed. Once all the corn is fried and starts atop the oil, remove from flame and drain in a tissue. Serve crispy corn garnished with cilantro leaves and lemon wedges.

### Notes

1\. You can toss the fried corn in manchurian sauce or finely chopped onions
and then serve  
2\. Make sure to close the pan while the corn kernels are getting fried.

### Nutrition

Calories: 249kcal

Tried this recipe? Snap a pic and share ðŸ™‚Mention cookclickndevou or tag
cookclickndevour

335 shares

  * Share8
  * Pin327
  * Yummly
  * Flipboard
  * Twitter

Shared by Harini

#### About Harini

I am Harini. The recipe developer, food photographer and chef behind cook
click n devour. My aim behind this blog is to provide easy, tried and tested
recipes that beginners can cook with confidence. I took keen interest in
cooking and took courses on cooking, baking during teens purely out of
passion. With a decade of cooking experience I am glad to share my recipes and
culinary knowledge with you all here. Stay tuned and happy cooking!  
Harini :)

### Comments

  1. Shakthi says

January 3, 2018 at 8:06 pm

  
This is a very new recipe for me with corn. Looks so inviting.

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

#### Hello, I am Harini

The chef, author and photograper of cook click n devour. Here you'll find
tried & tested vegetarian recipes with step by step photos and videos to make
cooking a pleasure and fulfilling experience. Happy cooking!

Read More

#### Popular Recipes

#### As Seen In

AboutContactPrivacy

Copyright Â©2022, Cook Click N Devour!!!. All Rights Reserved.

