https://cookwithsan.com/barbeque-nation-style-crispy-corn-recipe/


Skip to content

Cook with San

Food blog with restaurant style and mother's recipes

Toggle Navigation

  * Home
  * Recipe Index 
    * Breakfast
    * Main Course
    * Sweet Tooth
  * Restaurant Style
  * About San
  * Contact San
  * Privacy Policy
  * __

April 1, 2022

# **Perfect Crispy Corn recipe | Barbeque Nation style Crispy Corn**

Jump to Recipe

**Crispy Corn recipe** is an interesting and popular starter/appetizer recipe
made by frying corn kernels coated with flour and then tossing them with
spices. With step by step pictures, learn how to make **Barbeque Nation style
crispy corn**. Don’t miss reading the tips below to make perfect restaurant-
style crispy corn in the first attempt.

The word corn reminds me of my favorite childhood snack, roasted corn. Corn on
the cob after removing its husk and skin is roasted on an open flame. It’s
seasoned with a generous amount of lemon, salt, and red chili powder.

I had this **crispy corn** at Barbeque nation restaurant for the first time
years back. We had visited the restaurant for team lunch. Live grills embedded
in dining tables were a completely new dining experience.

Crispy corn was served as a starter. A bite and I fell in love with the dish.
The home cook inside me started to look at what all ingredients have gone into
making this unique appetizer.

Jump to

__

  * What is Crispy Corn?
  * About Bbq nation Crispy Corn recipe
  * Ingredients for Crispy Corn
  * Pro Tips
  * How to make Crispy Corn
  * Serving Suggestions
  * Storage Suggestions
  * Variations
  * Recipe Card

## What is Crispy Corn?

It is a killer combo of airy sweet corn kernels that are crunchy on the
outside and juicy from the inside. Then tossed in flavorful and aromatic
spices.

If you have had crispy corn before, you know the authentic taste already. If
you have heard of the dish but did not try it yet then this is exactly how it
looks and tastes.

The dish was first introduced by Barbeque Nation. But now, it is one of the
most popular and intensely loved starters in buffet or ala carte in
restaurants or hotels, bars, or pubs. This dish has different names like
**crispy corn salt pepper** , **chili corn** , **crispy corn chili and
pepper** , and **crispy loose corn**.

Apart from the crunchy corn kernels, what elevates the crispy corn recipe is
its subtle taste from the seasoning ingredients. The dish is absolutely
irresistible.

## About Bbq nation Crispy Corn recipe

I’m sharing a fail-proof crispy corn recipe after many attempts. There is no
fuss in this crispy corn recipe, par-boiled corn kernels are coated with
flour, then deep-fried till crisp, and tossed with onion, capsicum, finely
chopped garlic, and spring onion.

The seasoning ingredients and spices usually vary from restaurant to
restaurant.

I wanted to recreate the restaurant-style crisp corn at home. There are many
recipes available online that use different types of flour – all-purpose flour
(maida), rice flour, and cornflour (cornstarch).

My first attempt was an utter flop. The dish did not even look close to the
bbq nation. Later I tried other recipes too and the result was the same. The
main issue was that fried corn kernels did not have a uniform coating. Also,
the flour did not stick to the corn. Finally, after a couple of trials, I was
able to recreate restaurant-style crispy corn at home.

This recipe post is the solution to the above issue. Furthermore, I have
shared tips that are mandatory to follow. Please do not ignore even one of
them.

I use only cornflour in the crispy corn recipe and it turns out crispy. **You
might have a question, why I did not add maida? During my trials, I noticed
that using both flours does not coat the corn kernels well.**

For crispy texture, you have to deep fry. No other cooking method such as
sauteing or shallow-frying will result in a crisp texture.

**The crispy corn recipe has 3 steps:**

**1\. Boiling the corn.**

**2\. Coating and frying the corn.**

**3\. Seasoning the fried corn.**

Indulge in gratifying Bbq nation-style Crispy Corn at home.

**Reasons to make Crispy corn**

Recreate an iconic appetizer at home.

Crunchy corn kernels have a flavorful glaze of spices.

Quick and Super simple recipe with just a few ingredients.

Gets ready in 20 minutes.

Exquisite party starter.

Crispy texture and piquant spices taste heavenly in every bite.

It goes well with an alcoholic beverage.

A good option for kid’s birthday party, or as a movie time snack.

Family favorite.

## Ingredients for Crispy Corn

Ingredients are easily available everywhere, in local markets, supermarkets,
or online.

**Corn:** I use frozen corn to make crispy corn. I find it handy and reduces
the work of separating kernels from the cob. To defrost, I boil the corn for
2-3 minutes.

You can use fresh corn as well. Choose the ones that are plump, slightly firm,
and not too young. Remove the corn kernels from the cob. Do not cut the corn
kernels from the cob with a knife. Boil to soften them.

**Oil** to deep fry.

**Cornflour** to dredge (coat) the corn. It is the secret ingredient to give
the corn kernels that characteristic, satisfying crunch.

**Garlic**

**Green chilies** : Adjust as per your taste.

**Spring onion** : If you do not have it, substitute with onion and coriander
leaves.

**Capsicum:** To make the dish colorful, you can use green, red, and yellow
bell peppers.

**Black pepper powder**

**Salt** to taste.

## Pro Tips

**Parboil the frozen corn for 2-3 minutes.** To get rid of the **** frozen
smell, of any.

**Spread the boiled corn kernels on a kitchen towel.** The moisture in the
corn expands while frying and burst at times. This step will reduce the
spluttering of corn in the hot oil.

**Gently coat all the corns evenly with the flour.** To coat evenly, add
cornflour in batches. Sprinkle little water (1 tbspn) and recoat the corn
kernels with cornflour. Repeat the same process 4-5 times until they get
coated evenly.

**Sieve the coated corn.** This will remove the extra dry cornflour so that
the oil does not get too floury.

**After the coating of the corn kernels is completed, rest them for a while.**

**Fry in small batches.** If you overcrowd the pan, the oil temperature will
drop too low and lead to greasy corns.

**Do not stir the flour-coated corns immediately after you put them into the
hot oil**. Wait until the coating sets, approximately 1-2 minutes.

**Be very very careful while deep frying.** Though most of the moisture is
drained out, it’s better to be careful. Sometimes corn kernels start popping
up when they hit hot oil and splash oil onto you which may lead to skin burn.

**Use a splatter screen or steel mess to cover the pan**. If you do not have
it, use a big-size steel strainer like the one I used below. Reverse it and
cover the pan as seen in the pics.

**Do not cover the pan with a normal lid**. It will trap the steam, water
drops into the oil, and hot oil splashes.

**For an earth-shattering crispy crust, you can double fry the corn kernels.**
First fry sweetcorn for 1 minute on medium flame. Remove to a plate and rest
for 5 minutes. Refry in super hot oil till crispier.

**Use less oil while seasoning the fried corn.** If you use more oil, the corn
kernels will turn soggy.

**Do not use more flour to coat the corn.** A thick layer of cornflour will
not taste good.

## How to make Crispy Corn

1\. Heat water in a pan and let it come to a boil.

2\. Add sweet corn and boil for 2-3 minutes or until they are softened.

3\. Transfer to a strainer/metal colander and drain off all the water.

4\. Spread the corn on a kitchen towel and let it cool for 5 minutes.

5\. In a mixing bowl, add boiled corn, 1 tbsp cornflour, and 1/2 tsp salt.

6\. Mix with a spoon or light hands so that the corn kernels coat well.

7\. Sprinkle 1 tsp water and shake the bowl once.

8\. Again add 1 tbsp cornflour and shake the bowl once again. Repeat the water
and cornflour process 4-5 times until all the corn kernels are coated evenly.

9\. Sift the coated corn using a strainer/colander to get rid of excess flour.
Let it rest for 5 minutes.

10\. Meanwhile, heat oil in a pan. When the oil is hot, gently drop the
kernels a few at a time. Fry on medium flame.

11\. Place the strainer upside down and cover the pan to prevent oil burns.

12\. After 1 minute gently stir the corn so that it doesn’t stick together and
cook from all the sides. Continue to fry till they become crispy, can take 3-5
minutes.

13\. Transfer the fried corns to a plate and let them cool down a bit.

14\. In a wok or a heavy bottom pan, heat 1 tsp oil. Add chopped spring onion
white part, green chilies, garlic, and capsicum. Toss on high flame for 1-2
minutes.

15, 16, & 17\. Turn the flame to low and add fried corn, salt, and pepper.

18\. Toss on high flame again for 1-2 minutes. Lastly, add some freshly
chopped spring onion greens.

Delicious Barbeque Nation style Crispy Corn is ready. Serve immediately for
the best taste.

## Serving Suggestions

Serve the dish as a snack or an appetizer before the beginning of a meal. Eat
while it’s still hot to enjoy the crispiness.

You can also serve it as a side dish with the main meal (lunch or dinner).

## Storage Suggestions

It tastes the best when you serve it hot and crispy. These corns will lose
crispiness and get soggy if you store them. So, I will not recommend storing
them.

## Variations

Fried crispy corn is so versatile. It’s like a blank canvas, you can season
any way you want. My 5-year kid likes to enjoy it as it is. I like to flavor
in multiple ways and enjoy different tastes each time.

**Spicy Indian style:** Transfer the fried corn kernels to a bowl and
immediately add are red chili powder, cumin powder, finely chopped onions,
capsicum, green chilies, black pepper powder, coriander leaves, and lemon
juice. Mix well so that the flavors stick well.

**Chatpata flavor:** Mix the fried corn with red chili powder, cumin powder,
chat masala, black salt, and coriander leaves.

**Peri-Peri flavor:** Toss the fried corn in peri per masala mix, chopped
onions, green chilies, and coriander leaves along with some lemon juice.

**Chinese style:** oil, finely chopped ginger and garlic, chopped green onion
(white and green part), capsicum, schezwan sauce, red chili sauce, a pinch of
sugar, vinegar.

**More Restaurant-style recipes**

**Jeera Rice**

**Dal Tadka**

**Paneer Masala**

**Chicken 65**

**Schezwan Fried rice**

If you’ve tried this **Crispy Corn** **recipe** , then don’t forget to rate
the recipe and leave a comment below! Feedback and suggestions are highly
appreciated. Also, please share the recipes with your friends and family
members.

You can also follow me on **Instagram** to see what’s latest in my kitchen!

## Recipe Card

### Crispy Corn recipe | Barbeque Nation style Crispy Corn

Author: Santosh Allada

It is a killer combo of airy sweet corn kernels that are crunchy on the
outside and juicy from the inside. What elevates the crispy corn recipe is its
subtle taste from the seasoning ingredients.

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 10 mins

Cook Time 10 mins

Total Time 20 mins

Course Appetizer, Snacks

Cuisine Indian

Servings 2

#### Ingredients

#### For Boiling

  * 1 cup American sweet corn (frozen)
  * 2 cups Water

#### For Coating and Frying

  * 4-5 tbsp Cornflour
  * 3-4 tsp Water
  * 1/2 tsp Salt

#### For Seasoning

  * 1 tsp Oil
  * 1/2-1 tbsp Garlic (finely chopped)
  * 3-4 tbsp Spring Onion (white part)
  * 1-2 Green chilly
  * 2 tbsp Capsicum
  * 2 tbsp Spring onion (green part)
  * 1 tsp Black pepper powder
  * Salt to taste

#### Instructions

#### To boil the corn

  * Heat water in a pan and let it come to a boil.

  * Add sweet corn and boil for 2-3 minutes or until they are softened.

  * Transfer to a strainer/metal colander and drain off all the water.

  * Spread the corn on a kitchen towel and let it cool for 5 minutes.

#### To coat the boiled corn

  * In a mixing bowl, add boiled corn, 1 tbsp cornflour, and 1/2 tsp salt.

  * Mix with a spoon or light hands so that the corn kernels coat well.

  * Sprinkle 1 tsp water and shake the bowl once.

  * Again add 1 tbsp cornflour and shake the bowl once again. Repeat the water and cornflour process 4-5 times until all the corn kernels are coated evenly.

  * Sift the coated corn using a strainer/colander to get rid of excess flour. Let it rest for 5 minutes.

#### To fry the coated corn kernels

  * Heat oil in a pan. When the oil is hot, gently drop the kernels a few at a time. Fry on medium flame.

  * Place the strainer upside down and cover the pan to prevent oil burns.

  * After 1 minute gently stir the corn so that they cook from all the sides. Continue to fry till they become crispy, can take 3-5 minutes.

  * Transfer the fried corns to a plate and let them cool down a bit.

  * In a wok or a heavy bottom pan, heat 1 tsp oil. Add chopped spring onion white part, green chilies, garlic, and capsicum. Toss on high flame for 1-2 minutes.

  * Turn the flame to low and add fried corn, salt, and pepper. Toss on high flame again for 1-2 minutes. Lastly, add some freshly chopped spring onion greens.

  * Delicious **Barbeque Nation style Crispy Corn** is ready. Serve immediately for the best taste.

####

Notes

Use fresh or frozen sweet corn. Boil them until they soften.

To defrost, you can microwave the frozen corn kernels for a minute.

Make sure the boiled corns are completely dry before coating them with flour.

Serve the dish immediately to enjoy the crispiness of the corn.

To make Jain version, skip spring onion and garlic.

Santosh Allada

 **Cook With San is all about making “Everyday Yummylicious” with easy, quick,
and restaurant-style recipes.**

Know more about me

Author: Santosh Allada

Filed Under: Restaurant Style

* * *

**Baingan Masala | Function style Vankaya Masala**

**Coriander Vegetable Pulao | Coriander Rice | Green Pulao**

* * *

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Name*

Email Address*

Website

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

### About San

Hello, I’m Santosh. The cook and photographer behind Cook With San. I started
this blog so that you can make “Everyday Yummylicious” with easy, quick and
restaurant style recipes. Know more about me….

### Follow Me

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

###  Receive new recipe updates to your Inbox

Name*  

Email*  

### Categories

Categories Select Category Breakfast Main Course OPOS Restaurant Style Sweet
Tooth

  * **Instant Tiffin Sambar recipe | Easy Hotel style Tiffin Sambar without Dal**

* * *

Copyright © 2022 Kale

  * Kale by LyraThemes.com.

