https://www.sbs.com.au/food/recipes/chicken-bao


Sign out

Sign in / Create an account

  * Who Do You Think You Are?
  * Voices
  * Indigenous
  * Census Explorer
  * COVID-19 in language

  * SBS HOME

  * On Demand

  * Guide
    * By Day

    * By Channel

    * By Genre

    * By Language

  * Radio
    * Radio Schedule

    * SBS Arabic24

    * SBS Chill

    * SBS PopAsia

    * SBS PopDesi

    * SBS Radio App

    * SBS Settlement Guide

    * Your Language

    * Radio Podcasts

  * Languages

  * News
    * Dateline

    * Insight

    * The Point

    * The Feed

    * NITV News

    * Small Business Secrets

  * Sport

  * Food

  * SBS Learn

Food

  * Food home
    * Pitch to us
  * Watch
    * SBS Food CH 33
    * Cook like an Italian with Silvia Colloca
    * Food Safari
    * Plat du Tour
    * The Cook Up with Adam Liaw
    * The Streets with Dan Hong
    * What's on TV
    * A-Z food programs
  * Cook
    * Recipe search
    * Recipe videos
    * This week's top picks
    * Bite-sized
    * Recipe index
  * Read
    * From the Food desk
    * Feels like home
    * Play with your food
    * Eat well
    * Feaster
    * Institutions
    * Be a better cook
    * Bite-sized
  * Win

Trending

a-peel-ing recipes

Baguette Studios

velveting meat

subscribe

strudel stories

cook Malaysian

Advanced search

Chinese

# Chicken bao

  * Not everything came straight from the oven. (Murdoch Books)Source: Murdoch Books

Previous Next Show Grid

  * 

  1. 

Previous Next Hide Grid

Image

1/

Video

Audio

My version is shaped like a _gua bao_ , a Chinese sandwich-style steamed bun.

Makes

10

###  Preparation

25min

###  Cooking

20min

###  Skill level

Easy

By

Tony Tan

Select ratingGive it 0.5/5Give it 1/5Give it 1.5/5Give it 2/5Give it 2.5/5Give
it 3/5Give it 3.5/5Give it 4/5Give it 4.5/5Give it 5/5

Average: 3.5 (481 votes)

Yum

This recipe is inspired by an incredible dish I enjoyed at Little Bao, an edgy
diner conceived by chef May Chow, and one of the hottest places to dine in
Hong Kong. May is a friend and one helluva talented chef. She was named Asia’s
Best Female Chef 2017 by Asia’s 50 Best Restaurants, an offshoot of the
World’s 50 Best Restaurants awards. May presents her bao like a hamburger.

###  Ingredients

  * **500 g** (1 lb 2 oz) boned chicken thighs, cut into 5 cm (2 inch) strips
  * **2** eggs, beaten
  * **300 g** (10½ oz/2 cups) plain (all-purpose) flour mixed with 1 tsp salt
  * oil, for deep-frying
  * **1** large handful basil
  * **1** large handful coriander (cilantro)

**Pickled carrot**

  * **250 ml** (9 fl oz/1 cup) white rice vinegar
  * **100 g** (3½ oz) sugar
  * **200 g** (7 oz) julienned carrots

**Marinade**

  * **1 tbsp** light soy sauce
  * **½ tsp** Chinese five-spice
  * **½ tsp** chilli powder
  * **½ tsp** salt, to taste
  * **½ tsp** white pepper
  * **1 tsp** cornflour (cornstarch) ****

**Sichuan mayonnaise**

  * **1 tbsp** Sichuan pepper oil
  * **200 ml** (7 fl oz) Kewpie mayonnaise

**Bao dough**

  * **½** quantity bao dough (recipe here)
  * vegetable oil, for brushing

### Cook's notes

Oven temperatures are for conventional; if using fan-forced (convection),
reduce the temperature by 20˚C. | We use Australian tablespoons and cups: 1
teaspoon equals 5 ml; 1 tablespoon equals 20 ml; 1 cup equals 250 ml. | All
herbs are fresh (unless specified) and cups are lightly packed. | All
vegetables are medium size and peeled, unless specified. | All eggs are 55-60
g, unless specified.

### Instructions

**Refrigeration time:** overnight

To make the pickled carrot, simmer the vinegar, sugar, 125 ml (4 fl oz/½ cup)
water and 1 teaspoon salt in a small saucepan, stirring until the sugar
dissolves. Cool completely, then add the carrots and refrigerate overnight.

Combine the marinade ingredients in a bowl, add the chicken and stir to coat.
Cover the bowl with plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 2 hours or
overnight.

To make the Sichuan mayonnaise, combine the ingredients and set aside.

To make the _gua bao_ , roll the dough into a cylinder and cut into 10 pieces.
Roll each into a ball, then flatten with the palm of your hand. Sprinkle with
flour and roll each into a 15 cm (6 inch) oval. Brush with oil, fold in half
and press gently. Place on squares of baking paper and leave to prove until
doubled in size (about 1 hour). Steam the buns in batches in a steamer until
puffed (8–10 minutes).

Meanwhile, combine the beaten eggs and 125 ml (4 fl oz/½ cup) water in a bowl.
Place the seasoned flour in a shallow bowl. Dip the chicken pieces in the
eggwash, then the flour, shaking off the excess.

Heat oil in a deep-fryer or wok to 180°C (350°C) or until a piece of bread
browns in 10 seconds, and deep-fry the chicken in batches until golden and
crisp. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towel. When all the
chicken is done, deep-fry the basil for a couple of seconds until crisp. Drain
on paper towel.

To serve, stuff the chicken pieces into the split bao with carrots, fried
basil and coriander, and top with mayonnaise.

_Recipe and image from_Hong Kong Food City _by Tony Tan (Murdoch Books, hc,
$49.99)._

Advertisement

Advertisement

## This week's top Food TV picks

CELEBS, FOOD, FUN

### Episode guide | The Cook Up with Adam Liaw S2 | Episodes 91 to 100

Adam Liaw continues to cook, laugh, and explore culture with some of
Australia's most beloved in The Cook Up With Adam Liaw S2.

SBS On Demand

### SBS On Demand

Watch all of Season 1 as Frank Pinello explores the incredible world of pizza
from Chicago's deep dish to the New York 'fold'.

next previous

## Newly added

Episode guide | The Cook Up with Adam Liaw S3 | Episodes 1 to 10

_3 days_ ago

Always burning cakes? Your oven is probably set wrong, so here's how to fix it

_3 days_ ago

Savour these juicy bone-in-fish tips and survival stories

_3 days_ ago

16 quick ways to use it up at home

_3 days_ ago

In Social

## Stay connected with Food

Stay connected with Food

## Vertical Tabs

Newsletter

Exclusive TV sneak peeks, recipes and competitions

Sign up now

Audio Track

Podcast

Listen now

RSS

RSS

Subscribe now

Stay connected with Food

Exclusive TV sneak peeks, recipes and competitions

Sign up now

Podcast

Listen now

RSS

Subscribe now

## In Social

Subscribe

Facebook

Follow

Twitter

49.9K

Follow

Instagram

Advertisement

Back to top

  * Copyright
  * Terms & Conditions
  * Privacy
  * Disclaimer
  * Your online preferences

  * Audience Technical Support
  * Complaints
  * Contact Us
  * Media Centre
  * SBS Codes of Practice
  * Freedom of Information
  * Public Interest Disclosure
  * Senate Order - Entity Contracts
  * Using this Website
  * Help

  * About SBS
  * Sales & Advertising
  * Careers

SBS acknowledges the Traditional Owners of Country throughout Australia.

####

x

##

