https://recipesbycarina.com/fried-chicken-bao-buns/


Skip to Content

Search Magnifying Glass

Search for: Close Search Ã—

  * About Me
  * Recipes
    * Appetizer
    * Baking
    * Breakfast
    * Lunch
    * Dinner
    * Side Dish
    * Dessert
    * Drinks
    * Vegetarian
    * Snack
    * Holidays
      * Thanksgiving
      * Christmas
  * Shop

Posted on Published: July 30, 2021 Categories Dinner, Recipes

By: Author Carina

# Fried Chicken Bao Buns

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

_These Fried Chicken Bao Buns are incredibly delicious + simple and easy to
make! Soft and fluffy bao buns, crispy fried chicken with fresh flavors - You
can't go wrong!_

## Fried chicken Bao Buns

These Fried Chicken Bao Buns are one of my favorite recipes on rotation at the
moment. They don't take long at all to make and I never get tired of them!

There are so many different options for fillings but I don't think you can
really get better than this fried chicken. It's incredibly crispy and paired
with pickled cucumber and soft and fluffy bao buns, it's a perfect match in
flavor as well as texture.

## Easy Fried Chicken Bao Buns

My favourite way of serving these is 'make your own' style. Place all the
ingredients in the middle of the table, you can even add in a few different
sauces and fillings, then everyone can serve themselves which makes them
perfect for feeding a crowd!

## Bao Bun Fillings

If you're ever thinking 'what to eat with bao buns' there are no shortages!
They're usually inspired by Asian style flavors on the more traditional side
but I've also tried amazing Cheeseburger Bao so really anything goes!

This recipe with for Fried Chicken Boa is one of my favorites but here are a
few other options

  * Crispy Pork Belly Bao Buns with Char Sui Sauce
  *  _Pulled Pork_ Bao Buns with Asian Slaw
  *  _Chicken Teriyaki_ Bao Buns with pickled Cucumber
  *  _Chicken Satay with Peanut Sauce_ Bao Buns

## What are Bao Buns?

### What are Bao Buns made of?

Bao Buns are made from a simple bread dough of flour, yeast, sugar, salt,
baking powder and oil. They are proved, shaped and then steamed instead of
baking in the oven like most other types of bread.

### Can you buy ready made Bao Buns?

You can find ready made Bao Buns frozen in most Asian supermarkets. They have
become really trendy in recent years so even some supermarkets now carry them.
All thats required is to defrost and reheat the boa buns in a _bamboo steamer_
or according to package instructions.

### Who Created Bao Buns?

Bao Buns were originally created by _Zhuge Liang_ in China but since then
there have been many variations from different cuisines. These include Korean,
Taiwanese and Vietnamese and Japanese.

## Fried Chicken Bao Bun Ingredients

### Crispy Fried Chicken

500g / 1lb Chicken Thigh - Chicken breast can be substituted here but I prefer
thigh as it is much more tender.

2 Garlic Cloves

1 Tbsp _Soy Sauce_

1/2 tsp _Sesame Oil_

1 Egg White - Check out recipes that use an egg yolk _here_.

1 Cup Corn Flour / _Corn Starch_ - _Potato starch_ can be used here if you
have it on hand.

Oil for frying - _Peanut oil_ , _Canola oil_ or _Vegetable oil_ work best
here.

### Pickled Cucumber

1/2 Cucumber

1/4 Cup / 60ml _Rice Vinegar_

1/2 tsp Salt

1 tsp Sugar

### Sauce

1/4 Cup / 60ml _Japanese Kewpie Mayonnaise_

1 Tbsp _Sriracha_ - Or your favorite hot sauce

### For Serving

8 Bao Buns - These can be made yourself ( _here is a great recipe_ ) but I
prefer to buy mine especially when its a weeknight!

1 Carrot - Sliced finely with a knife or use a _Julienne Peeler_ to make the
job so much quicker and easier!

1/2 Cup Cilantro / Coriander2 Tbsp

2 Tbsp _Chopped Peanuts_

## How to Make Fried Chicken Bao Buns

### Marinate the Chicken

Cut each chicken thigh into strips and add it to a medium sized bowl. Add in
your soy sauce, sesame oil and egg white. Use a microplane the grate the
garlic into the bowl or use a garlic crusher.

Give the chicken a good mix so it's well coated in the marinade. Cover the
bowl and place into the fridge for at least 30 minutes but if you have time
overnight is best.

When you are ready to make the fried chicken bao remove the chicken from the
fridge. Add the corn flour / corn starch to another bowl and using tongs coat
each piece of chicken in the flour.

The secret to a really good coating on your chicken - leave the flour to
hydrate from the marinade for 15 minutes while your oil heats up and you
prepare the other ingredients.

### Pickle the Cucumber

Slice the cucumber on an angle and place it into a small bowl. Pour over the
rice vinegar and add enough water to cover all of the cucumber. Add the salt
and sugar to the bowl and give the ingredients a quick mix together. Leave the
cucumber to pickle for about 15 minutes or until you're ready to assemble the
bao buns.

### Prep the veggies

Finely slice the carrot or use this _amazing gadget_ that makes it so quick
and easy!

### Make the Sauce

In a small bowl add the Japanese Mayonnaise and the Sriracha Sauce. Give it a
quick mix together and top with some chopped peanuts for some crunch.

### Fry the chicken

Fill a large frypan with a few inches of oil and heat over medium heat. When
the oil is hot add your chicken in batches and fry on each side for 3-4
minutes or until browned. If the chicken is browning to quickly turn down the
heat.

Place the fried chicken on paper towels to absorb any excess oil.

### Assemble the Fried Chicken Bao Buns

Heat the bao buns in a bamboo steamer or according to package instructions.
Remove the cucumber from the pickling liquid and drain on paper towels.

To assemble the fried chicken bao buns fill with a spoonful of the sriracha
mayo, a piece of the fried chicken, a few pieces of pickled cucumber, carrot
and finally some coriander or cilantro.

## Common Questions about these Fried Chicken Bao Buns

### Are Bao Buns Healthy?

Bao Buns are a yeasted bread dough so it really depends what you fill them
with. Fried Chicken isn't the most nutritious option but there are many
different vegetarian and fresh vegetable options.

### How to Pronounce Bao

Bao is pronounced "Bow" as in take a bow.

### What does Bao mean?

Bao means steamed bun in english so if you say Bao Bun it translates to
steamed bun bun so only Bao is needed.

## More Chicken Recipes

  * _Buttermilk Fried Chicken Sandwich with Honey Butter_
  *  _Chicken Salad with Honey Lemon Dressing_
  *  _Chicken Tikka Masala_
  *  _Chicken Teriyaki_
  *  _Chilli Lime Chicken_

## Fried Chicken Bao Buns

_Yield:_ 8 Bao Buns

_Prep Time:_ 15 minutes

_Cook Time:_ 15 minutes

_Additional Time:_ 30 minutes

_Total Time:_ 1 hour

_These Fried Chicken Bao Buns are incredibly delicious + simple and easy to
make! Soft and fluffy bao buns, crispy fried chicken with fresh flavors - You
can't go wrong!_

Print

### Ingredients

#### Fried Chicken

  * 500g / 1lb Chicken Thighs 
  * 2 Garlic Cloves 
  * 1 Tbsp Soy Sauce 
  * 1/2 tsp Sesame Oil 
  * 1 Egg White 
  * 1 Cup / 150g Corn Starch / Corn Flour 
  * Oil for Frying 

#### Pickled Cucumber

  * 1/2 Cucumber 
  * 1/4 Cup / 60ml Rice Vinegar 
  * 1/2 tsp Salt 
  * 1 tsp Sugar 

#### Sauce

  * 1/4 Cup / 60ml Japanese Kewpie Mayonnaise 
  * 1 Tbsp Sriracha 

#### For Serving

  * 8 Bao Buns 
  * 1 Carrot, finely sliced 
  * 1/2 Cup Cilantro / Coriander 
  * 2 Tbsp Chopped Peanuts 

### Instructions

#### Marinate the Chicken

  1. Cut each chicken thigh into strips and add it to a medium sized bowl. Add in your soy sauce, sesame oil and egg white. Use a microplane the grate the garlic into the bowl or use a garlic crusher.
  2. Give the chicken a good mix so it's well coated in the marinade. Cover the bowl and place into the fridge for at least 30 minutes but if you have time overnight is best.
  3. When you are ready to make the fried chicken bao remove the chicken from the fridge. Add the corn flour / corn starch to another bowl and using tongs coat each piece of chicken in the flour.
  4. The secret to a really good coating on your chicken - leave the flour to hydrate from the marinade for 15 minutes while your oil heats up and you prepare the other ingredients.

#### Pickle the Cucumber

  1. Slice the cucumber on an angle and place it into a small bowl. Pour over the rice vinegar and add enough water to cover all of the cucumber.
  2. Add the salt and sugar to the bowl and give the ingredients a quick mix together. Leave the cucumber to pickle for about 15 minutes or until you're ready to assemble the bao buns.

#### Make the Sauce

  1. In a small bowl add the Japanese Mayonnaise and the Sriracha Sauce. Give it a quick mix together and top with some chopped peanuts for some crunch.

#### Fry the Chicken

  1. Fill a large frypan with a few inches of oil and heat over medium heat.
  2. When the oil is hot add your chicken in batches and fry on each side for 3-4 minutes or until browned. If the chicken is browning to quickly turn down the heat.
  3. Place the fried chicken on paper towels to absorb any excess oil.

#### Assemble the Fried Chicken Bao Buns

  1. Heat the bao buns in a bamboo steamer or according to package instructions.
  2. Remove the cucumber from the pickling liquid and drain on paper towels.
  3. Take a bao bun and split it open. Fill with a spoonful of the sriracha mayo, a piece of the fried chicken, a few pieces of pickled cucumber, some carrot and finally some coriander or cilantro.

 **Enjoy!**

### Recommended Products

As an Amazon Associate and member of other affiliate programs, I earn from
qualifying purchases.

  * Glass Mixing Bowls 

  * Bamboo Steamer 

  * Spider 

  * Stainless Steel Frypan 

###### Nutrition Information:

Yield: 8 Bao Buns Serving Size: 1  
_Amount Per Serving:_ Calories: 572Total Fat: 21gSaturated Fat: 5gTrans Fat:
0gUnsaturated Fat: 15gCholesterol: 89mgSodium: 820mgCarbohydrates: 70gFiber:
3gSugar: 6gProtein: 25g

_Nutrition information is estimated and not always correct_

### Did you make this recipe?

Please leave a comment on the blog or share a photo on Instagram

(C) Carina

**Cuisine:** Chinese  / **Category:** Dinner

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

Tags

Tags

BaoChickenFried ChickenFried Chicken Bao Buns

Previous

Zesty Lemon Bars

Next

1 Minute Chocolate Frosting

Click here to cancel reply.

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Î”

### Recipes by Carina

Hi, I'm Carina! I'm a professionally trained Chef, Food Photographer, and a
lover of creating recipes! Food, cooking, and baking is my passion, time spent
in the kitchen is my favourite thing to do. Here I share everything from
classics to new interesting flavours so come join in!

###

  *   *   *   *   * 

### Search

Search for:

Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy

Copyright (C) 2022 Recipes by Carina

Skip to Recipe

