https://www.cult.fit/live/recipe/stuffed-chicken-bao/RECIPE668


##### FITNESS

##### CARE

##### MIND

##### STORE

GET APP

  1. Home >
  2. Live >
  3. Recipe >
  4. Stuffed Chicken Bao

# Stuffed Chicken Bao

Time35 Min

DifficultyIntermediate

Serves3

People with hectic work schedules usually prefer food on the go. They need
food options that are healthy, full of nutrition, and can be enjoyed even
while travelling or commuting to their jobs. It must also be easy to pack and
carry in tiffin. One such recipe that serves all these purposes is stuffed
chicken bao. This recipe is perfect for delightful snacking. The filling of
chicken that is saut√©e ... d with garlic, ginger, and a lot of spices makes it
simply lip-smacking. This recipe is perfect for growing kids and adults who
are always in a hurry and do not have time to enjoy an elaborate meal. The
stuffed chicken bao calories per serving are 553 calories. It takes half an
hour to make but is undoubtedly a healthier and tastier quick food option.
These stuffed, hand-held bao or buns are delectable and filled with nutrients.
If you are trying out this recipe for the first time, it is recommended to
watch stuffed chicken bao video and understand step by step instructions. Most
of the ingredients required for this recipe are already available in your
kitchen shelves. Buy high-quality, boneless chicken for this recipe and you
are ready to get cracking with this recipe. It is a delicious snack that is
perfect to be served in kids parties or as a quick food when you have
unexpected guests over at your place. Stuffed chicken bao is made using a
cornucopia of spices that makes it spicilicious and a bit sweet-tangy. This is
because a little jaggery is also added to it to balance the spices.

READ MORE

Nutrition Info. (per serving)

ProteinFatCarbsFibre553 Cal553 Cal553 Cal553 Cal

  * 21gProtein

  * 12gFat

  * 90gCarbs

  * 16gFibre

## Ingredients

### Dry Grocery

Atta

1.5 cups

Yeast

1 teaspoon

Jaggery Powder

1 tablespoon

Refined Oil

4 teaspoons

Salt

1 teaspoon

Dark Soy Sauce

3 teaspoons

Honey

2 teaspoons

Red Dry Chilli Bydagi

7 units

Sesame White (til)

0.5 teaspoons

Black Sesame Seeds

0.5 teaspoons

### Poultry

Chicken Mince

150 g

### Fruits & Vegetables

Ginger

1 teaspoon

Spring Onion

5 g

### Other

Pepper

1 teaspoon

Water

1 cup

Garlic

5 units

Red Chillies

2 units

Directions

1

In a bowl, combine 1/2 cup of warm water, 2 tsp jaggery powder and yeast. Let
it rest for 10-15 min.

2

As the yeast becomes frothy, add whole wheat flour, along with 2 tsp of oil
and salt. Knead until you get soft dough. add water as required. (knead for
10-15 min).

3

Grease a bowl with little oil, place the dough and let it rise until double in
size.

4

Meanwhile, prepare the stuffing:- Fine chop the garlic, ginger, red chilli and
spring onion. Soak the dry red chilli in warm water for 15 minutes and drain
the water and make a fine paste. Cook the chilli paste in 1 teaspoon of oil
until it gets a thick consistency.

5

Heat 2 teaspoons of oil in a saucepan, add garlic, ginger and red chilies,
saute for a min. Add onion and chicken mince. Mix well and add very little
water if required.

6

Add salt, black pepper, soy sauce, red chili paste. Cook for 2-3 min till the
chicken is cooked. finish with spring onion and let it cool down.

7

Divide the dough into 6 equal portions. Roll into a round ball. Take a ball
and shape it like a bowl with your hand.

8

Add the stuffing in the center and seal the edges, and place it on a parchment
paper. Repeat the same with the rest of the dough. Brush with water and
sprinkle white and black sesame seeds on top. Cover it with a kitchen towel
and keep it for proofing.

9

Meanwhile, keep a pot filled with water and let it boil. Prepare a steamer. As
the water starts to boil, place the proofed bao in the steamer with the
parchment paper, and cover the lid.

10

On a medium flame, let the bao steam for 8-10 min. Do not open the lid while
steaming. Remove the bao on the rack and let it cool down for 2-3 min and
serve.

Making of Stuffed Chicken Bao

It is easy and convenient to make this recipe. If you wish to make stuffed
chicken bao restaurant-style, just follow the precise instructions given in
the video and it will come out very tasteful. Since you are going to make bao
also at home, you can ensure that it is soft, fluffy, and mouth-melting in
texture. Watching the video, you can easily and quickly make stuffed chicken
bao at home. While enjoying its amazing flavour and aroma, also enjoy stuffed
chicken bao benefits as under- Rich in carbs that gives instant energy to our
body. High in proteins that help in building a strong body. High in fibre that
aids digestion.

READ MORE

## Success!

#### We hope you had fun making it! Enjoy the meal.

Top Searches

Online Fitness Classes

Weight Loss Exercise | Six Pack Abs | Cardio Exercise at Home | HIIT Workout
at Home | Belly Fat Exercises | Exercise For Kids at Home | Morning Exercises
at Home | Shoulder Workout at Home | Strength Training Exercises | Mobility
Exercises | Dance Exercises | Thigh Exercises at Home | Abs Workout at Home |
Back Exercises at Home | Chest Workout at Home | Butt Exercises at Home |
Split Exercise | Lean Body Workout | Short Workout | Exercise for Beginners |
Dumbbell Exercises | Stamina Increase Exercise

Mindfulness

Yoga Asanas | Yoga For Weight Loss | Kids Yoga | Surya Namaskar | OnlineYoga
Classes | Yoga For Beginners | Yoga Nidra | Music Meditation | Pranayam |
Bedtime Stories | Bedtime Stories For Kids | Mindfulness Meditation |
Meditation in Hindi | Sleep Meditation

Diagnostic Tests

Thyroid Test | Pregnancy Test | Full Body Checkup | Kidney Function Test |
Lipid Profile Test | Online Counselling

Healthy Recipes

Sambar Recipe | Masala For Dosa | Kadai Paneer Recipe | Neer Dosa | Manchow
Soup | Chicken Soup | Chilli Baby Corn | Homemade Protein Powder | Thukpa |
Paneer Masala | Chicken Keema | Badam Milk | Aloo Tikki Chaat | Moong Dal
Kachori | Homemade Protein Powder

Cult Gyms In India

Gyms In Delhi | Gyms In Mumbai | Gyms In Bangalore | Gyms In Pune | Gyms In
Chennai | Gyms In Hyderabad | Gyms In Jaipur | Gyms In Kolkata | Gyms In
Ahmedabad | Gyms In Chandigarh | Gyms In Indore | Gyms In Coimbatore | Gyms In
Surat | Gyms In Ludhiana | Gyms In Vizag | Gyms In Amritsar | Gyms In Mysore |
Gyms In Mangalore | Gyms In Kochi | Gyms In Jammu | Gym In Kharghar | Gym In
Bandra | Gym In Velachery | Gym In Chembur | Gym In Indiranagar | Gym In HSR
Layout | Swimming Pools Near Me | Outdoor Gyms | Football Training near me |
Zumba Classes Near Me | Boxing Classes Near Me | Gyms with Personal Trainer

Yoga Classes In India

Yoga Classes in Mumbai | Yoga Classes in Hyderabad | Yoga Classes in Delhi |
Yoga Classes in Chennai | Yoga Classes in Jaipur

At cult.fit, we make group workouts fun, daily food healthy & tasty, mental
fitness easy with yoga & meditation, Medical & lifestyle care hassle-
free.#BeBetterEveryDay

cult.fit for business

cult.fit franchise

corporate partnerships

cult pass network

t&c for business

partner.fit

blogs

security

careers

contact us

privacy policy

cult bmi calculator

terms & conditions

Related Searches

Roast Chicken

Turkish Eggs

Rosemary Chicken

Vegan Frittata

Crispy Sesame Tofu & Broccoli

Healthy Manchurian

Stuffed Chicken Bao

Tofu Whole Wheat Bao

Baked Onion Rings

Asian Chicken Stir Fry

Paneer Keto Meal

Chipotle Baked Chicken

Stir Fried Veg Chilli Basil

Momo Chicken Basil

Caribbean Chicken Chilli

Coffee Cumin Chicken

Mexican Tossed Vegetable

Chicken Peanut Curry

Stuffed Bell Peppers

Schezwan Potato Wedges

Hara Bhara Kebab

Corn Cutlet

Egg Pepper Fry

Chilli Babycorn

Rawa Idli

Idli Chat

Moong Daal Kachori

Chicken Schezwan Momos

Chilli Paneer

Poha Cutlet

Baked Bhakarwadi

Masala Idli

Veg Cutlet

Zesty Paneer

Gluten Free Seed Cracker

Gobi Manchurian

Eggless Omelette

Quick Mug Dhokla

Daal Ke Kabab

Chicken Nuggets

Baked Chilli Patato

No-Fry-Vada

Fluffy Omellete

Baked Potato Chips

Dahi Ke Kabab

Breakfast Egg Muffin

Veg Frankie

Healthy Recipe

Baked Samosa

Baked Dahi Vada

Not-Fried Pakoras

Aloo Tikki Chaat

How To Make Sprouts

How To Make Paneer

Paneer Tikka Masala

Chicken Fried Rice

Neer Dosa

Double Ka Meetha

Sabudana Kheer

Badam Milk

Home Workouts

