https://vjcooks.com/coconut-chicken-bao-buns/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Home
  * A-Z Recipes
  * Shop ebooks
  * About
  * Blog
  * Search

  * Dinners
  * Baking
  * Desserts
  * Gluten Free
  * Salads

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Dinners
  * Baking
  * Top 10 Recipes Free Ebook
  * Everyday Favourites Cookbook
  * About
  * Shop

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

×

Home » Family meals

# Coconut Chicken Bao buns

Published: Mar 26, 2022 by Grace Bowen

Jump to Recipe

 _Thai inspired bao buns filled with creamy coconut & ginger chicken. Topped
with fresh salad, crispy shallots and spicy sriracha mayo._

If you haven't tried **Coconut Chicken** before, you are in for a treat. This
recipe was inspired by a beautiful meal I had in Thailand that has always
stuck with me. It is super tasty and a nice change from the most common Thai
food.

Finding chicken mince in the supermarket can be hit and miss sometimes. If my
budget allows it, I always buy it when it's available and freeze it for later.
Sriracha mayonnaise and crispy shallots can be found in some supermarkets, or
at Asian specialty stores.

## How to make Coconut Chicken Bao Buns:

Heat oil in a frying pan, add the cumin, turmeric, garlic, ginger and chicken
mince and fry until lightly browned, breaking up the mince as it cooks. Season
well with salt and pepper. Add the coconut cream, lemon juice and sweet chilli
sauce then simmer for 5-10 minutes until it thickens up.

Chop the spring onions finely and stir through the mince. Heat the bao buns
for 3-5 minutes until light and fluffy in a steamer. Or to heat in the
microwave, place bao buns on a plate with a cup of boiling water. Heat until
warmed through, not too long or they will dry out.

Assemble the steamed buns with the coconut chicken mince, slaw or salad,
sliced chilli, crispy fried shallots and a drizzle of sriracha mayo. Serve
immediately while the buns are still warm.

If you love Thai style cooking check out my easy and delicious recipes for
Thai Chicken Noodle Salad, Feed a Crowd Thai Beef Salad, Slow Cooker Thai
Pumpkin Soup and The Easiest Chicken Pad Thai.

## Common questions for Chicken Bao Buns:

**Is this meal gluten free?** The chicken mince and salad are gluten free, but
the bao buns are not. Serve in lettuce cups as an alternative.

**Could I use a different type of mince?** Yes, pork mince would also taste
great in this meal.

* * *

__Share

 __Pin 61

#### MADE THIS RECIPE?  
**PLEASE** **  CLICK ON THE STARS BELOW AND RATE IT! **

Continue to Content

## Coconut chicken Bao Buns

_Yield:_ Serves 4

_Prep Time:_ 10 minutes

_Cook Time:_ 20 minutes

Thai inspired bao buns filled with creamy coconut and ginger chicken mince and
fresh salad.

Print

### Ingredients

  * 2 Tbsp oil 
  * 1⁄2 tsp ground cumin 
  * 1⁄2 tsp ground turmeric 
  * 2 cloves garlic, crushed 
  * 40g ginger, grated 
  * 500g chicken mince 
  * 1 cup coconut cream 
  * Juice of 1⁄2 a lemon 
  * 1 tsp sweet chilli sauce 
  * 3 spring onions 

#### To serve

  * 8 bao buns, frozen 
  * 1 bag ready-made salad or slaw 
  * 1 chilli, sliced 
  * Fried shallots 
  * Sriracha mayonnaise 

### Instructions

  1. Heat oil in a frying pan, add the cumin, turmeric, garlic, ginger and chicken mince and fry until lightly browned, breaking up the mince as it cooks.
  2. Season well with salt and pepper. Add the coconut cream, lemon juice and sweet chilli sauce then simmer for 5-10 minutes until it thickens up.
  3. Chop the spring onions finely and stir through the mince.
  4. Heat the bao buns for 3-5 minutes until light and fluffy in a steamer. Or to heat in the microwave, place bao buns on a plate with a cup of boiling water. Heat until warmed through, not too long or they will dry out.
  5. Assemble the steamed buns with the coconut chicken mince, slaw or salad, sliced chilli, crispy fried shallots and a drizzle of sriracha mayo. Serve immediately while the buns are still warm.

### Notes

  * Add your favourite salad ingredients from your garden, fridge or a pre-made salad bag like I did.

###### Nutrition Information:

Yield: 4 Serving Size: 1  
_Amount Per Serving:_ Calories: 780Total Fat: 56gSaturated Fat: 22gTrans Fat:
0gUnsaturated Fat: 29gCholesterol: 188mgSodium: 1446mgCarbohydrates:
141gFiber: 6gSugar: 60gProtein: 59g

_Nutritional values are approximate. Please use your own calculations if you
require a special diet._

### Did you make this recipe?

Tag @vj_cooks on Instagram and hashtag it #vjcooks

(C) Grace Bowen

**Cuisine:** Thai  / **Category:** Dinners

* * *

#### THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR CHECKING OUT MY RECIPE.

#### FOLLOW ALONG AT MY FACEBOOK PAGE.

#### OR TAG ME ON INSTAGRAM @VJ_COOKS AND HASHTAG IT #VJCOOKS

* * *

 BACK TO THE HOMEPAGE

__Pin 61

 __Share

61 Shares

## More Family meals

  * Steak Salad with Balsamic Dressing

  * Moroccan Lamb Pies

  * Roasted vegetable and pesto pasta salad

  * Meatball Subs

## Reader Interactions

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### WELCOME

Thanks for visiting VJ cooks!

I hope you enjoy my website and find some inspiring recipes and ideas. I’m
Vanya and I live in beautiful Taupo, New Zealand with my husband, two sons and
Golden Retriever.  
I love cooking, baking, sharing recipes and of course eating.

### Follow Me

  * __
  * __
  * __
  * __

### For exclusive new recipes

Search

### Popular Posts

## Tuscan Chicken Thighs

## Chocolate Weetbix Slice

## Passionfruit Slice

## Magic Slice

### Slow Cooker Recipes

## Multi Cooker Beef Ragu

## Slow cooker Thai chicken curry

## Multi cooker red lentil dahl

## Sticky Asian Beef

## Smokey sausage casserole

## Slow cooker Mac and Cheese

Never miss a recipe + FREE Ebook with my 10 favourite family recipes!

Copyright (C) 2022  
_Privacy Policy_

Skip to Recipe

