http://shyniscookingdiary.blogspot.com/2017/06/squid-tentacles-stir-fry-with-spicy.html


My Cooking Experiments......... from Shynisajith

  * Home
  * Recipe
  * About Me

## Wednesday, 28 June 2017

###  Squid Tentacles Stir Fry With Spicy Plum Sauce

Yum

**Squid Tentacles Stir Fry, its an interesting dish as we normaly dont cook
squid tentacles alone. When we clean the squid head and innards have been
removed from the squid body tube. The tentacles and body tube are edible and
we used to cook the tube and avoid tentacles. When you clean the squid
tentacles please remove the pink color skin. Fried squid tentacles are crisp
and have a delicate sweetness. Over cook them and the result is like chewing
rubber so please take care while frying.  If you get baby octopus then can
make this dish with that. Here I had some home made plum sauce so used that
with squid tentacles it came out really well. So here is recipe for you all to
try.**

  

**_  
_****_Ingredients_**

  * Squid Tentacles 200gm
  * Garlic 4 cloves, chopped
  * Red Capsicum 1 medium size, sliced
  * Baby Corn few, sliced 
  * Snow Peas few, sliced
  * Red Chilli Flakes 1 to 2 tsp
  * Plum Saue 1/2 cup
  * Brown sugar 1 tsp
  * Lime juice 2 tsp
  * Salt
  * Oil

**_Method_**

  

Clean and rinse squid tentacles with water. Drain water well. Now marinate
squid tentacles with 1/4 cup plum sauce, 1 tsp of lemon juice and salt. Keep
it for 30 minutes.

  

Heat a fry pan with little oil on medium flame and fry marinated squid
tentacles until its half cooked, dont fry completely it will be hard then.
Keep this aside.

  

Heat the wok until very hot add 1 tbsp of oil and swirl it around to coat the
side. Now add crushed garlic and saute for few seconds. Now add sliced baby
corn and saute for few seconds, add snow peas and red capsicum slices and stir
well. Now add red chili flakes and combine everything well. Add 1/4 cup plum
sauce, 1 tsp of lemon juice, salt and brown sugar. Combine everything well.
Now add half fried squid tentacles and mix well. Keep stirring for 2 to 3
minutes. Check salt if need add accordingly. Remove from fire and serve with
rice or as it as an appetizer.

  

NB: If you dont have plum sauce then use your favorite sauce or tamatoe sauce.
Chili please adjust according to your taste. Enjoy cooking..

Posted by  Shyni Sajith

Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest

Labels: Fish, Nonveg, seafood, Squid, squid tentacles

#### No comments:

#### Post a Comment

Newer Post Older Post Home

Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom)

## Blog Archive

  * ► 2018  (8)
    * ► November  (4)
    * ► May  (1)
    * ► April  (2)
    * ► January  (1)

  * ▼ 2017  (75)
    * ► December  (7)
    * ► November  (5)
    * ► October  (4)
    * ► September  (3)
    * ► July  (6)
    * ▼ June  (16)
      * Beef and Spinach Stir-Fry
      * Squid Tentacles Stir Fry With Spicy Plum Sauce
      * Quinoa Fried Rice Style
      * Dates Balls Relish
      * Baked Aduku Pathiri / Layered Meat Loaf
      * Chicken Avocado Kabab
      * Murg Malai Kebab
      * Chicken Shami Kabab
      * Rava Fish Biriyani / Semolina Biriyani with Fish
      * Prawns Vada / Prawns Cutlet
      * Cauliflower With Chickpeas
      * Wheat Paniyaram / Gothambu Kara kuzhi
      * Stuffed Spring Chicken Malabar Style / Whole Roast...
      * Mango Raita
      * Freid Egg Molly
      * Layered Rice Cake With Prawns / Atti pathiri
    * ► May  (9)
    * ► April  (9)
    * ► March  (8)
    * ► February  (7)
    * ► January  (1)

  * ► 2016  (163)
    * ► December  (6)
    * ► November  (4)
    * ► October  (12)
    * ► September  (8)
    * ► August  (4)
    * ► July  (1)
    * ► June  (4)
    * ► May  (3)
    * ► April  (30)
    * ► March  (31)
    * ► February  (29)
    * ► January  (31)

  * ► 2015  (365)
    * ► December  (31)
    * ► November  (30)
    * ► October  (31)
    * ► September  (30)
    * ► August  (31)
    * ► July  (31)
    * ► June  (30)
    * ► May  (31)
    * ► April  (30)
    * ► March  (31)
    * ► February  (28)
    * ► January  (31)

  * ► 2014  (14)
    * ► December  (14)

## Popular Posts

  * Malawi-Shandy

A drink from Southern Africa. The Malawi shandy is a refreshing non-alcoholic
summers drink. I have tasted this during our Zambia visit an...

  * Idi Chakka (Tender Jack Fruit) Masala Curry

Tender Jack fruit cooked in roasted coconut , onion masala gravy is one of the
best dishes in Kerala. One of my favorite too. It goes we...

  * Chicken Pola / Chicken Cake / Irani Pola

Pola is a traditional Malabar dish, which is similar to cake, but made without
an oven. It can be sweet or savoury. You can make a wide var...

  * Rasam Sadam 

Normally we make rasam and used to have it with rice. Here I tried rice and
rasam together, its delicious and healthy. Good for kids, you ...

  * Mutta Surka

Mutta Surka, its a famous Malabar delicacy. Its a tea time snack made out of
egg and rice. Here is simple mutta surka recipe for you all t...

  * Potato Dosa

Something deferent from our usual Dosa, one of my friend given me the idea and
I just tried it came out well, so thought of sharing with y...

  * Butter Chicken (Murgh Makhani)

Butter Chicken is basically a North Indian dish, which is seen in almost all
Indian restaurant menus. Its a mild curry with a creamy textu...

  * Koon Varutharachathu (Mushrooms In Roasted Coconut Gravy)

Varutharacha koon curry, all mushroom loveres would love this curry and the
roasted coconut adds a rich taste to this curry. Here is recip...

  * Mathi Curry With Mango (Sardines with Raw Mango Curry) 

Central Kerala style mathi curry with raw mango. Here is very tasty recipe for
you all to try.

  * Thalassery Dum Chicken Biriyani

Thalassery chicken biriyani is a traditional biriyani recipe of north kerala,
rice dish blended with chicken and spices. Here is a procedu...

## Followers

## Search this blog

## Labels

  * Bfast (40)
  * Cake (14)
  * Chicken (63)
  * Chutney (27)
  * Desert (65)
  * Drinks (60)
  * Egg (31)
  * Fish (71)
  * Non Veg (164)
  * Payasam (19)
  * Rice (46)
  * Sadya (29)
  * Salad (41)
  * Snacks (52)
  * Soup (7)
  * Veg (222)
  * Xmas (4)

Shyni Sajith

View my complete profile

|  
  
---|---  
  
|  
  
---|---  
  
Simple theme. Powered by Blogger.

