https://www.bigfattummy.com/2017/03/goan-squid-chilly-fry/


## Big Fat Tummy

### ... for the love of food.

  * Uncategorized 

###  Mutton Badami Curry

  * Uncategorized 

###  Prawn Ball Curry

  * Seafood Recipes 

###  Crispy Fried Fresh Bombay Ducks

  * Tips, Dips, Masalas & Misc. 

###  Cleaning and Deboning Bombay Ducks

  * Seafood Recipes 

###  Vellio Kodi (Anchovy Curry)

  * Veg. Recipes 

###  Cream of Mushroom Soup

  * Pork Recipes 

###  Pork Vindaloo (Mild Version)

  * Veg. Recipes 

###  Chole Bhature

  * Seafood Recipes 

###  Prawn Cauliflower Caldinho

  * Veg. Recipes 

###  Falafel - Chickpea Fritters

  * BFT (Since 2016)
  * RECIPE INDEX
  * Latest Recipes

2nd August 2022

Search for:

Home __Seafood Recipes __Goan Squid Chilly Fry

# Goan Squid Chilly Fry

__25th March 2017 __HomeCook __Seafood Recipes __3

__ __ __ __ __

This Goan Squid Chilly Fry preparation is like the one that chef’s prepare in
many Goan Restaurants.

When I had just started my blog in September 2016, I had posted the recipe of
a Goan Prawn Chilly Fry (see _ here)_ and as I always do, I also posted the
pictures on my Facebook page. Little did I know that I would be trolled by a
chef, Mr. N. He was adamant and insisted that this was not an authentic Goan
Prawn Chilly Fry and that the Goan version was red in colour because it uses
the _recheado masala_. He also called upon other Goan chefs to denounce my
dish. I tried in vain to explain that this was how it was prepared in most
Goan households and that there were various ways in which it could be
prepared.

Well, my Madhouse _Balcao_ Girls came to the rescue and also when none of the
‘famous’ chefs that Mr. N called upon, commented; Mr. N deleted all comments
and that was the end of the story. I still feel though, that he follows my
page.

Today as I recall the story, I present to you, the restaurant quality Goan
Squid Chilly Fry. Enjoy it, it’s quick and easy to make and healthier as we
use the choicest produce and don’t make use of food colours or other such
things at home. ( For a recipe for Squid Chilly Fry without Recheado Masala,
click  _here )_

Serves: A Family of Four

Prep. Time: 15 Mins.

Cooking Time:  10 Mins.

_Ingredients:_

  * Squids – 10 to 12 medium sized
  * Onions (sliced) – 2 medium
  * Capsicum (sliced) – 1 large
  * Tomato (deseeded & sliced) – 1 large
  * Green Chillies – 2 (slit)
  * Turmeric Powder – ¼ tsp.
  * Garlic (finely chopped) – 12 big
  * Ginger (finely chopped) – 1 inch
  * Red Chilli Powder – 1 tsp.
  * Corriander Powder – ½ tsp.
  * Cumin Powder – ½ tsp.
  *  _Recheado Masala_ (with a twist) – 2 tbsp.
  * Tomato Ketchup – 2 tbsp.
  * Oil – 2 to 3 tbsp.
  * Salt – 1 tsp. or to taste

_Step 1:_      Clean the squids and wash the cavities well. Drain and slice in
½ inch broad rings. Apply ¼ tsp. turmeric and 2 tbsp. _recheado masala_ and
leave aside for 15 to 20 minutes.

_Step 2:_      Meanwhile heat oil in a pan and add the finely chopped ginger
and garlic and sauté for a few seconds on medium heat till it is fragrant. Add
the sliced onions and sauté for a minute. Throw in the _masala_ powders, lower
the heat and sauté for a few seconds.

_Step 3:_      Add the sliced tomatoes and give a quick stir before adding the
marinated squids and salt. Sauté for 2 minutes and then add the capsicum and
continue sauteing till water is released by the squids.  Add 2 to 3 tbsp. hot
water and cook covered on low heat for 3 to 4 minutes or till the squids are
done (the way you like them).

_Step 4:_      Open the lid, add the ketchup, green chillies and mix and cook
covered for another minute.

Serve hot as a starter or accompaniment.

__ __ __ __ __

__

  * fish
  * goan

Previous

Brinjal stuffed with Goan Prawn Recheio

Next

Bombay Duck stuffed with Goan Prawn Recheio

####  3 Comments

  1. PETERS

24th April 2019 at 5:40 pm

excellent

Reply

    * Dr siddiqui

7th October 2019 at 5:19 pm

Thanks for sharing this recipe , I moved to Goa recently and saw some women
selling squid at the Vasco market , it was incredibly cheap but I had no clue
how to make it or how to even know if the squid was decent quality . Since I
plan to stay a couple of more years here I would really appreciate if you
could list some places to source good sea food from , what are the local fish
with as less bones as possible , where can I buy jumbo prawns ( I have been to
the fish market and they always have small ones there ) and other local
goodies ? any information will be much appreciated.

Reply

      * HomeCook

5th November 2019 at 9:29 pm

We could have helped you if around Margao (although we reside in Mumbai). You
usually get good fish at the wet markets in Goa like the market near KTC at
Margao. Try to be regular to a particular seller whose produce you've liked
and ask them to source anything you need. Shark is a fish you'll like with
just a center bone. Red/white snapper(chonok/Modso - local names), sea bass,
kingfish have less bones. You could fillet or slice them and discard the head.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published.

Comment  

Name *  

Email *  

Website  

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

#### WANT TO HEAR FROM BFT?

Please enter your details. We will send you updates once in a while!

Name  

Email  

  

Beef Recipes

###  Tangy Beef Curry

__27th September 2016 __2

This is a simple but tangy preparation of beef that will leave your mouth
watering and wanting more. The Tangy Beef Curry is best served with hot rice,
but you can […]

Chicken Recipes

###  Chicken Xacuti

__26th November 2018 __0

Chicken Xacuti is a robust spiced coconut curry that is definately one of the
most popular curries in Goa. It is so popular that it is served from breakfast
to […]

Veg. Recipes

###  Palak Chole

__26th July 2020 __0

Here is a recipe for a mouthwatering Palak Chole, which when topped with some
grated cheese goes very well with rotis or a Jeera Rice (click here). Serves:
A Family […]

Veg. Recipes

###  Chawli Masala

__7th March 2018 __1

This Chawli / Chavli Masala is a no-coconut gravy made with black eyed beans.
It is prepared in an onion-tomato base and is sort of like Beans in Tomato but
more […]

Seafood Recipes

###  Sea Food Stew

__4th March 2018 __1

If you love your seafood, you’ll be infatuated with the Sea Food Stew. A one
pot meal with prawns, squids, crabs and vegetables, the Sea Food Stew is
perfect for […]

Chicken Recipes

###  Butter Chicken

__22nd May 2020 __0

Butter Chicken, also called Murg Makhani, needs no introduction but for the
sake of propriety it is a deboned roasted chicken cooked in a creamy, buttery
and sweetish gravy. The […]

Seafood Recipes

###  Mangalorean Rawas Curry

__31st May 2017 __2

Mangaloreans like all those living along the coat of India love their fish.
They love it fried and in yummy coconut curries. All the major ingredients are
easily available and […]

Seafood Recipes

###  Hot & Tangy Mackerel Curry

__13th November 2016 __0

Mackerels lend a unique flavour to any curry. Hence, there exist many
variations of curries made with mackerels. This mackerel curry is spicy with a
nice tang that you can […]

Chicken Recipes

###  Quick Chicken Xacuti

__9th April 2020 __2

The Quick Chicken Xacuti is a little less tedious to make then the Traditional
Chicken Xacuti (click here). It uses ready Xacuti Masala Powder which most
Goan homes have ready […]

Veg. Recipes

###  Quick Garlic Bread

__1st March 2017 __0

The quick garlic bread recipe uses regular loaf bread slices. You can also
make it using a baguette. I make use of a tawa (griddle) instead of the oven
as […]

Seafood Recipes

###  Goan Lady Fish Rawa Pepper Fried

__18th March 2017 __0

Everyone loves fried fish and so here’s another recipe for fried fish.
Although it is advised that eating fried fish is not good for health, I would
suggest indulging sometimes […]

Seafood Recipes

###  Recheado Squid Curry

__1st June 2017 __0

I started out making stuffed squids. But I was feeling lazy and by the time I
was done cleaning the squids, I had no patience to clean the prawns that […]

Veg. Recipes

###  Coconut Bhakri (Bread)

__24th October 2017 __2

Coconut Bhakri (Bread) is a Goan bread made with whole wheat flour and grated
coconut. The coconut gives this Goan bread a nice texture and taste. It can be
had […]

Cakes & Bakes

###  Eggless Chocolate Muffins / Cupcakes

__15th September 2017 __0

The Eggless Chocolate Muffins / Cupcakes turn out delicious (to make cupcakes,
follow the link in the last step). Made with cocoa and not just colour and
essence they have […]

Sweets & Desserts

###  Tizann - Goan Finger Millet Porridge

__7th April 2019 __2

Tizann - Goan Finger Millet Porridge is prepared with the milk of coconut and
ragi (nacchni / finger millet). Food prepared with the finger millet is
considered a super food […]

Sweets & Desserts

###  Vermicelli Kheer

__15th September 2017 __3

Vermicelli Kheer or Sevaiyan Kheer is a dairy based Indian dessert. It is a
favourite with kids and adults alike and makes for a good dessert or festival
sweet. Follow […]

Tips, Dips, Masalas & Misc.

###  Goan Recheado Masala

__10th September 2016 __4

The Portuguese word for stuffing is Recheio. The recheado masala is primarily
used in Goa to stuff fish. However, it's a versatile sauce that may be used in
many other dishes. Ingredients: […]

Chicken Recipes

###  Raw Mince Chicken Cutlets

__19th May 2019 __0

For a different texture and taste, the Raw Mince Chicken Cutlets are a must
try. They retain the flavor of meat and are both crisp and juicy at the same
[…]

Seafood Recipes

###  Pomfret Jeerem Meerem

__25th April 2018 __1

The Pomfret Jeerem Meerem is a mildly spiced watery broth cooked in tamarind
water. The pomfrets also release their juices and oils and the make the curry
even more flavourful. […]

Seafood Recipes

###  Bilimbi Balchao

__21st November 2018 __9

Bilimbi Balchao is a Goan pickle made with the sour seasonal fruit Bimbla and
Galmbo (dried shrimp). It has a distinct taste and smell owing to the dry
prawns. This […]

Tips, Dips, Masalas & Misc.

###  Whipped Chocolate Ganache

__13th September 2017 __2

The whipped chocolate ganache is used for frosting cakes cakes and muffins. It
has a rich chocolate taste but has a mousse like texture. The recipe below is
sufficient to […]

Sweets & Desserts

###  Soji / Vonn

__5th May 2019 __2

Soji / Vonn is a Goan sweet which is kind of like a gruel or porridge. It is
made with split chickpeas, rice flour, palm jaggery and coconut milk. It […]

Sweets & Desserts

###  Angel Wings

__7th December 2017 __0

Angel wings are a sweet-savoury fried pastry prepared usually during
Christmas. But these are so easy to make and yum, that you can also make them
otherwise to serve as […]

__

###### Recent Comments

  * HomeCook on Massado / Egg Flip
  * david on Massado / Egg Flip
  * HomeCook on Goan Prawn Okra Curry
  * Neville Pinto on Goan Prawn Okra Curry
  * HomeCook on Goan Kingfish Mayonnaise Salad
  * HomeCook on Corned / Salted Beef Tongue
  * HomeCook on Goan Prawn Chow Chow
  * HomeCook on Goan Beef Cutlet

###### Recipe Categories

Recipe Categories Select Category Beef Recipes Beverages Cakes & Bakes Chicken
Recipes Egg Recipes Mutton Recipes Pork Recipes Seafood Recipes Sweets &
Desserts Tips, Dips, Masalas & Misc. Uncategorized Veg. Recipes

###### Post Calendar

March 2017 M | T | W | T | F | S | S  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
 | 1| 2| 3| 4| 5  
6| 7| 8| 9| 10| 11| 12  
13| 14| 15| 16| 17| 18| 19  
20| 21| 22| 23| 24| 25| 26  
27| 28| 29| 30| 31 |  
« Feb   Apr »

FB Page:



www.facebook.com/bftummy



FB Group:



https://www.facebook.com/groups/677195112667102



Email:



homecook@bigfatummy.com



Location:



Mumbai, India.



  * About Me
  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms of Use

Copyright © 2016 - 2021 : BIG FAT TUMMY

UA-83547547-1

