https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/red-chicken-curry-3/nly9612c


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Red chicken curry

  * _05m_ prep
  * _20m_ cook
  * _4_ servings 

4

Save Recipe

1,227 people saved this

23 people made this

Super speedy Thai red curry made easy with store-bought paste. Serve with
jasmine rice and coriander.

Coles Magazine

Fresh recipe inspiration. Free in Coles stores and online.

457 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain sulphites.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 5 Ingredients 
  * 3 Method Steps 

#### 5 Ingredients

  * 6 Coles RSPCA Approved Australian Chicken Thigh Fillets, coarsely chopped 

  * 2 red capsicums, seeded, coarsely chopped 

  * 1/3 cup (100g) red curry paste 

  * 400ml can coconut milk 

  * 120g pkt Coles Australian Baby Spinach 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 3 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Heat a large deep non-stick frying pan or wok over high heat. Cook the chicken
(6 Coles RSPCA Approved Australian Chicken Thigh Fillets, coarsely chopped),
in 2 batches, turning occasionally, for 5 mins or until golden brown and
cooked through. Transfer to a bowl.

  * Step 2

Add the capsicum  (2 red capsicums, seeded, coarsely chopped) to the pan or
wok. Cook, tossing, for 2 mins or until just tender. Add the curry paste  (1/3
cup (100g) red curry paste) and cook, stirring, for 1 min or until aromatic.

  * Step 3

Return the chicken to the pan with the coconut milk  (400ml can coconut milk).
Bring to the boil. Cook for 2-3 mins or until chicken is cooked through.
Remove from heat. Add the spinach  (120g pkt Coles Australian Baby Spinach).
Gently stir to combine.

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

23 people made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

1,227 people saved this

### Recipe Notes

_SERVE WITH_ -coriander sprigs

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by Ben Dearnley

##  Popular on Taste

  1. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  2. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  3. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

  4. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

  5. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  6. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

  7. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

  8. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

