https://theflavoursofkitchen.com/thai-red-curry-with-chicken/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * All Recipes
  * Chicken Recipes
  * Soups and Stews
  * Instant Pot Recipes
  * Pasta and Noodles
  * About
  * Search

menu icon

  * All Recipes
  * Chicken Recipes
  * Soups and Stews
  * Instant Pot Recipes
  * Pasta and Noodles
  * About

* search icon

Search

  * All Recipes
  * Chicken Recipes
  * Soups and Stews
  * Instant Pot Recipes
  * Pasta and Noodles
  * About

* ×

Home » Recipes » Chicken Recipes

Last Updated: May 6, 2022 by Subhasmita

# Thai Red Curry With Chicken

Recipe Video

**_Rich and creamy, Thai red Curry has chicken and vegetables. It packs fresh
flavors, and you need just 30 minutes to make it. It tastes fantastic when
served with Jasmin rice._**

Pin

If you wonder how Thai red curry can have fresh flavors by using bottled Red
curry paste, read along, and you will find the secret.

If you are on a hunt for Thai recipes, you may have a look at Thai Grilled
Chicken, Thai chicken noodle soup, Thai Shrimp Curry, Thai Chicken Coconut
Soup (Tom Kha soup), Thai Cashew Chicken Stir Fry, or Thai Butternut Squash
Curry.

A bowl of hot rice with curry is comfort food for us. We love Thai curries,
and it's pretty regular at home. You can load it up with vegetables and
protein. And the best part is it takes less than 30 minutes to make it. So
definitely a perfect curry to make on busy days.

There are so many versions of Thai curry you would find on the web. The recipe
shared below is something I make regularly and have improvised over the years.
It is very versatile, and you adjust as per your taste.

Pin

## Thai Red Curry Recipe

While Thai Curry pastes made from scratch at home is always the best, it is
not always feasible. Red curry paste calls for a long list of ingredients, and
it can sometimes be difficult to source a few ingredients. So, keeping a jar
of red curry paste always comes in handy.

Bottled Curry paste is quite intense in flavor, but it lacks freshness. So to
lift the flavors and add some freshness, we add some fresh aromatic like fresh
Thai basil, lemongrass, ginger-garlic, and fresh cilantro roots.

### **_Bottled Thai Red Curry Paste_**

There are many brands of curry paste available in the market. You can use any
of your favorite brands.

Authentic Red curry paste contains shrimp paste, which gives umami. If you are
allergic to shrimp, make sure you read the label before buying.

Pin

## Ingredients you need

**_Boneless Chicken thighs_** \- Cut into thin strips. Chicken thighs are the
juiciest meat, but you can substitute them with chicken breast. If using
chicken breast, then reduce the cooking time, else chicken breast will quickly
get overcooked.

**_Coconut Milk_** \- full-fat coconut milk for a rich, creamy curry.

**_Red curry Paste_** \- Any good quality red curry paste will do.

**_Aromatics_** \- Ginger, garlic, fresh lemon zest, minced cilantro root(root
is packed with flavor), Thai basil. These ingredients will take the flavors to
another level.

**_Sugar and Fresh lime/lemon Juice_** \- Prefer lime if you can get it. Gives
a slightly stronger flavor and adds a bit of sweetness.

**_Fish Sauce_** \- it is a must in Thai curries. The savory sauce gives the
curry 'Umami'.

**_Veggies-_** I have added Zucchini and peppers. You could use green beans,
carrots, broccoli or pumpkin. Add the veggies as per their cooking time. Start
with tougher veggies and add soft veggies to the end.

Pin Pin

Wondering, ** _If Thai red curry is spicy?_** The colour may look so, but it's
not at all spicy. In fact, I sometimes add a red chilli to make it spicy. The
different ingredients used in Thai curry paste gives it colour. Coconut milk
also mellows down the spiciness to a reasonable extent.

## Tips for best result

  1. Use chicken thighs for juciest meat. 
  2. Don't skip the aromatics, as they bring life to the rather dull curry paste. 
  3. Fish sauce is a must. I know the smell will put you off, but trust me it makes a lot of difference. Fish sauce gives a more rounded flavour. 
  4. Intensity of bottled curry paste might vary depending on the brand. You can add more sugar or lemon juice and adjust the seasoning. 
  5. Try not to use more than two veggies. 

## Serve with

Thai red curry is best served with plain rice/basmati rice or Jasmine rice,
which is neutral in flavour and taste, and it soaks up the curry.

## Store

You may easily refrigerate this curry for up to 5 days. You can reheat it on
the stovetop until you see bubbles and the curry is reasonably hot. It can
also be microwaved for a minute.

Not recommended but you may freeze this in air-tight containers or zip-lock
bags for up to a month. Coconut milk tends to separate slightly when frozen.
Especially, in this curry where it is generously used. If that happens, you
will get a slightly grainy texture in the curry sauce.

## More Asian Recipes

Basil Chicken

Asian Ground Beef Bowl

Asian Cucumber Salad

Asian Green Beans

Asian Shrimp Garlic Noodles

Chicken Meatballs with Asian sauce

Pin

## Chicken Thai Red Curry

_**Rich and creamy Thai red Curry have chicken and vegetables. It is packed
with fresh flavours and you need just 30 minutes to make it. It tastes amazing
when served with Jasmin rice.**_

5 from 6 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Asian, thai

Keyword: Asian recipe, Coconut Chicken Curry, Lunch recipe, Thai Red Curry

Prep Time: 15 minutes

Cook Time: 20 minutes

Servings: 5 servings

Calories: 442kcal

Author: Subhasmita

### Ingredients

  * 500 grams Boneless Chicken Thighs  cut into thin strips
  * 2 tablespoon  Oil
  * 4 tablespoon Red Curry Paste (ref not 1) 
  * ½ Onion  sliced
  * ½ tablespoon Garlic minced
  * 1 teaspoon Ginger minced
  * ½ tablespoon Coriander Stem minced 
  * 1 stalk Lemon grass (ref notes - 2)
  * 2 teaspoon Fish Sauce
  * ½ tablespoon Light Brown Sugar
  * 1 Red Bell Pepper cut into wedges
  * 1 cup Zucchini cut 
  * 1.5 cup Coconut Milk full fat
  * 1 cup Stock / Water
  * 1 teaspoon Lemon Juice
  * 8-10 leaves Thai Basil  roughly torn

### Instructions

  * Heat oil in a skillet. Add sliced onion, minced ginger, and garlic. Saute for a minute until it is aromatic. 

  * Add red curry paste and minced coriander root. Saute for 2-3 minutes until oil starts oozing out on the side, and the mixture is aromatic. 

  * Add coconut milk, stock, lemon zest, brown sugar, fish sauce, and lemongrass stalk. Mix well and let everything come to a boil. Simmer and let it cook for 2-3 minutes. 

  * Add chicken and let it simmer for 7-8 minutes. 

  * Add the veggies when the chicken is almost cooked/ and the sauce has reduced almost by half (or to the consistency you are looking for). 

  * Cook for another 2 minutes, until the veggies are just cooked but still have a crunch to them.

  * Remove the lemongrass stalk, Add torn Thai basil.

  * Serve over rice with more garnishing of basil and fresh coriander leaves. 

### Video

### Notes

  1. Store-bought curry paste is very intense, so 4-5 tablespoons of curry paste work the best. Suppose using fresh curry paste use from ½ - ¾ cup of curry paste.
  2. Red curry paste might be on the spicier side for some brands. So if you have low spice tolerance, start with 2 tablespoons of curry paste, taste, and add more if required. 
  3. It's easy to crush a stalk of lemongrass(only the white part) to add flavor to the curry. Instead, you can use roughly 1 teaspoon of readymade lemongrass paste or fresh lemongrass paste. 
  4. Add up to 2 cups of veggies. You can use chopped squash, green beans, or snow peas as well to the curry. 
  5. Try to use full-fat coconut milk for a rich and creamy sauce. 
  6. You can adjust the seasoning to your liking by adding more fish sauce or sugar to the sauce. 

### Nutrition

Serving: 1serving | Calories: 442kcal | Carbohydrates: 9g | Protein: 19g |
Fat: 38g | Saturated Fat: 18g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 5g | Monounsaturated Fat:
11g | Trans Fat: 1g | Cholesterol: 98mg | Sodium: 279mg | Potassium: 524mg |
Fiber: 1g | Sugar: 4g | Vitamin A: 2806IU | Vitamin C: 38mg | Calcium: 52mg |
Iron: 4mg

Tried this recipe?Mention @theflavoursofkitchen or tag #theflavoursofkitchen

Yummly2.6kPinterestFacebookTwitterTelegramWhatsAppCopy

2.6k

SHARES

## More Chicken Recipes

  * Air fryer Chicken & Potatoes

  * Garlic Butter Chicken Thighs

  * Instant Pot Chicken and Gravy

  * Oven Baked Creamy Chicken Thighs

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Rebecca says

May 08, 2022 at 3:13 pm

I love red curry. Previous attempts to find a good recipe to match our local
restaurant have always come up a wee bit short. Until this one! Thank you for
sharing your recipe and tips! Changing up the coconut milk brand and adding
the herbs really made the difference....

Reply

  2. Mary G says

January 12, 2022 at 1:40 am

This was great! Thank you for sharing !! I use lime juice. Any reason why you
prefer lemon juice?

Reply

    * Subhasmita says

January 12, 2022 at 5:38 am

Thanks, Mary. Lime is preferably used. I could get only lemon at the time of
cooking.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Don't subscribe All Replies to my comments Notify me of followup comments via
e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting.

Δ

## Primary Sidebar

###  **Hi, I'm Subha** !

I love cooking and trying new recipes. Here you will find recipes of food that
we love and which my family devours happily. More about me →

### Popular

  * Instant Pot Garlic Herb Chicken and Rice

  * Slow Cooker Mexican Chicken Soup

  * Italian Sausage & Orzo Soup

  * Sweet Chili Pineapple Sauce (Video Recipe)

### Latest

  * Pasta Alla Norma (Eggplant pasta)

  * Air Fryer Salmon

  * One-Pot Lemon Pasta

  * Roasted Lemon Pepper Zucchini

##

###  **Hi, I'm Subha** !

I love cooking and trying new recipes. Here you will find recipes of food that
we love and which my family devours happily. More about me →

### Popular

  * Coconut Ice Cream (No Ice Cream Maker)

  * Sweet and Spicy Boneless Chicken Thighs

  * Instant Pot Chicken In Creamy Tomato Sauce

  * Slow Cooker Coconut Chicken Curry

### Latest

  * Salmon Pasta in Creamy Lemon Sauce

  * Creamy Ranch Chicken

  * Cucumber Strawberry Salad

  * Pan-Seared Mediterranean Lamb Chop

##

Copyright© 2022 · The Flavours of Kitchen · Privacy Policy · Managed By Host
My Blog

2.6k

2.6k

SHARES

Share to...

BufferCopyEmailFacebookFlipboardHacker
NewsLineLinkedInMessengerMixPinterestPocketPrintRedditSMSTelegramTumblrTwitterVKWhatsAppXingYummly

