https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/85815/thai-red-chicken-curry/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. World Cuisine
  4. Asian
  5. Thai
  6. Thai Red Chicken Curry

# Thai Red Chicken Curry

Rating: 4 stars 3.8

490 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 159 
  * 4 star values: 187 
  * 3 star values: 80 
  * 2 star values: 47 
  * 1 star values: 17 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 490 Ratings 
  * 377 Reviews 
  * 74 Photos 

This is a quick and easy curry stir-fry made with chicken, zucchini, red bell
pepper and carrot. Coconut milk and curry paste make an irresistible sauce. No
need to go out to eat, as this dish is ready in about 20 minutes!

Recipe by THEKNACKEREDCHEF

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Read the full recipe after the video.

Add Photo

Thai Red Chicken Curry Karen Henke Mutter

Thai Red Chicken Curry Julleep

Thai Red Chicken Curry WhiteCoatSyndrome

Thai Red Chicken Curry Joanne Curtis Flowerday

\+ 70 70 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

10 mins

cook:

10 mins

total:

20 mins

Servings:

4

Yield:

4 servings

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

4

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 4 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 2 teaspoons olive oil 
  * 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken breast halves - cut into thin strips 
  * 1 tablespoon Thai red curry paste 
  * 1 cup sliced halved zucchini 
  * 1 red bell pepper, seeded and sliced into strips 
  * ½ cup sliced carrots 
  * 1 onion, quartered then halved 
  * 1 tablespoon cornstarch 
  * 1 (14 ounce) can light coconut milk 
  * 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the chicken pieces;
cook and stir for about 3 minutes. Mix in the curry paste, zucchini, bell
pepper, carrot and onion. Cook and stir for a few minutes.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Dissolve the cornstarch in the coconut milk, then pour into the skillet. Bring
to a boil, then simmer over medium heat for 1 minutes. Right before serving,
stir in the cilantro.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

271 calories; protein 25.4g; carbohydrates 11.2g; fat 15.8g; cholesterol
58.5mg; sodium 147.2mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (377)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

hisdrinkoffering

Rating: 5 stars

07/29/2007

Well, I think I have found that "missing ingredient" in this recipe! I read
all of the reviews saying it was missing something, so I went on a quest to
find it. First of all, I saute'd the chicken in hot sesame oil, but regular
sesame oil would probably be nice also. This added a nice kick and flavor. I
added lots of carrots, cubed potatoes (a must), onions. Then I threw in a can
of bean sprouts and a generous handfull of unsalted peanuts (yum!), but you
could easily use cashews. I used a regular can of coconut milk, cilantro, 1 T
fish sauce, about 1/3 t of corriander, 1-2 t sugar, and some s and p to taste.
Here is the secret ingredient: a couple of dollops of creamy peanut butter! It
gives it a beautiful satay flavor, and somehow balances out the spicy with a
more smooth, peanuty taste. I would love to hear feedback on some of you who
try this added ingredient. Made this way, I will certainly make again, over
and over. My husband adored this! I served over asian coconut rice from this
site (something else that balances out the spicyness). Delicious.

Read More

Helpful (851)

### Most helpful critical review

GRAHAMEA

Rating: 2 stars

11/19/2005

Too bland, there is definitely something missing from this recipe! If you want
hot you can always add more curry paste, but this does not make up for the
lack flavor.

Read More

Helpful (40)

490 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 159 
  * 4 star values: 187 
  * 3 star values: 80 
  * 2 star values: 47 
  * 1 star values: 17 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

hisdrinkoffering

Rating: 5 stars

07/29/2007

Well, I think I have found that "missing ingredient" in this recipe! I read
all of the reviews saying it was missing something, so I went on a quest to
find it. First of all, I saute'd the chicken in hot sesame oil, but regular
sesame oil would probably be nice also. This added a nice kick and flavor. I
added lots of carrots, cubed potatoes (a must), onions. Then I threw in a can
of bean sprouts and a generous handfull of unsalted peanuts (yum!), but you
could easily use cashews. I used a regular can of coconut milk, cilantro, 1 T
fish sauce, about 1/3 t of corriander, 1-2 t sugar, and some s and p to taste.
Here is the secret ingredient: a couple of dollops of creamy peanut butter! It
gives it a beautiful satay flavor, and somehow balances out the spicy with a
more smooth, peanuty taste. I would love to hear feedback on some of you who
try this added ingredient. Made this way, I will certainly make again, over
and over. My husband adored this! I served over asian coconut rice from this
site (something else that balances out the spicyness). Delicious.

Cynthia

Rating: 5 stars

10/18/2006

Definitely restaurant quality! But don't be fooled by earlier posts: 1 Tbsp is
plenty of curry paste, if you're using the kind of paste I use! You might want
to start less if you are sensitve to spicy foods. I recommend that you stir
curry paste and 2 Tablespoons corn starch with a little bit of the coconut
milk in separate dish, add to cooking vegetables and chicken, then combine the
rest of the can of coconut milk at the end to make it easier to stir in a wok.
I followed the suggestions in other reviews and added juice of 1 lime, fresh
garlic, 1 tablespoon fish sauce, plus added minced/grated ginger, and plenty
of black pepper and salt. I cooked the minced garlic in the oil for 1 minute
before adding the chicken. Extra cilantro helps the flavor, too. It was
fabulous with rice! A++

abwaller

Rating: 4 stars

11/21/2010

This recipe is a great BASE, but to make it taste restaurant quality quite a
few changes/additions are needed. Here is a summary of what I've done: (1) Use
sesame oil instead of olive oil. Saute grated ginger and fresh pressed garlic
in it before adding the chicken. (2) To make it easier to mix with the
chicken/veggies, combine in a small bowl the cornstarch, some regular coconut
milk, curry paste, 1/3 t coriander, 2 t peanut butter, 2 T fish sauce, fresh
ground pepper, and 3 t sugar. (3) You might need to add more sugar...initially
we did 2 t and realized that it was missing SOMETHING. Turns out an extra
touch of sugar is exactly what was needed. (4) Adding water chestnuts and
chopped cashews give a nice crunch. (5) Use basil instead of cilantro.

Rebecca & Eric

Rating: 4 stars

04/03/2006

This was SO good! I read the reviews before I prepared it and added more red
curry paste as was suggested. I also added some fresh garlic, lime juice, salt
and pepper while cooking. It was out of this world...just like going out for
Thai food. I would start easy on the curry and continually taste and add,
taste and add. I went a little overboard, but I love it spicy! If you like
Thai, you should love this.

GRAHAMEA

Rating: 2 stars

11/19/2005

Too bland, there is definitely something missing from this recipe! If you want
hot you can always add more curry paste, but this does not make up for the
lack flavor.

Blon-Dish

Rating: 5 stars

07/01/2005

Really, really good - it tasted like what you would order in a Thai
restaurant. I definitely doubled the red curry paste because I enjoy spicy
food. I also couldn't find 'light' coconut milk, so I used regular - I will
try try to find 'lite'going forward because it made it richer than normal.
Yummy, and I will make again!!!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

11/18/2005

This is a simple and tasty dish. It did lack a bit in the flavor department.
I'm not sure what to add--perhaps some ginger or garlic. We added extra curry
paste, but it just made it spicier, not more flavorful. Next time, I'll add
some fresh garlic and ginger to the vegetable stir-fry.

Dayton Skelly

Rating: 5 stars

08/20/2006

This tasted much better than it looked. I added some snow peas for color.
Although I added double curry paste we still didn't have enough heat for our
taste. Before we added 4 thai peppers to it for extra heat the flavor was
excellent. After the thai peppers it had some kick. What was good though even
though it wasn't all that spicy someone who does not like it all spicy and
burning will enjoy it. Wife says this one is a keeper and I agree with her.
Good job on the recipe.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

03/08/2006

Great way to make authentic tasting Thai curry quickly! I also tend to use
whatever fresh veggie's I have, even if I don't have what was specified in
this recipe.

MYSTICL

Rating: 4 stars

09/14/2010

Pretty good curry recipe but it is missing a critical ingredient.... FISH
SAUCE! at least 2-3 TBSP. Without it this would be bland indeed. Fish sauce is
the Thai equivalent to adding salt ... No fishy taste so don't skip it. I
would definitely double or triple the curry paste as well, in fact I
personally add at least 4TBSP .. If it doesn't bring tears to my eyes, it's
not spicy enough ;) I also did not use any cornstarch (not needed) or cilantro
although I might consider using a handful of fresh basil which is more
traditional. With those modifications I think this is a 5 star recipe but as
it's written I can only give it 4 ... Too bland as written.

CARRIONCROW

Rating: 5 stars

02/12/2006

deeeelish!

wisweetp

Rating: 5 stars

05/04/2007

We make this dish all the time, but my ingredients are a bit different...I use
3 cloves garlice, minced, and 1 tsp crushed ginger along with the curry paste
(usually 2 tsp curry paste--it's quite fiery!). I also quarter and then slice
my onion (we prefer sweet) and use whatever color pepper I have on hand and
juliene the carrot. I don't like zucchini, so I don't use that, but it's quite
good with frozen green peas and also with sugar snap peas. It's a delicious
dish with endless possibilities with the veggies.

Alysia L

Rating: 1 stars

06/10/2010

Don't be deceived by other reviewers- this recipe is VERY bland! There is
something missing, and I would read other reviewers ideas to maybe change it
to your liking. I followed one person's advice that it was good as-is, and I
completely disagree. Sure, it SMELLS restaurant quality, and it makes you
excited to taste it.. until you realize. Even the chicken and vegetables
couldnt save the taste! I instantly thought the coconut milk shouldn't be
light but regular- I will try this in the future with a new receipe and all-
fat coconut milk. Good luck to those who try this.. Also I would like to
comment that adding tons of peanut butter and peanuts does not sound like
curry but peanut sauce recipes. I think this is meant to be only a coconut and
spicy recipe. If I can get the Thai place's recipe by me, I will find out..!!

Amber Clarke

Rating: 3 stars

08/18/2011

I really wanted to make a good red curry but after reading some of the reviews
on this recipe and noticing something not so authentic like cornstarch in the
ingredients I decided to do some research. I made something that was still
similar to this recipe: 1/2 yellow pepper, 1/2 red pepper both thinly slice,
one carrot thinly sliced, 3 tbsp of red curry paste, 1 can coconut mild, 2 1/2
tbsp fish sauce, 1 tbsp lime juice, 2 chicken breast sliced thinly, 1 cup bean
sprouts, 10 snow pea shoots, and 1/4 cup cilantro. So you can see it was
similar but much more authentic and the flavours were amazing. I probably
shouldn't even be rating this recipe seen as I didn't really follow it through
but I wanted to share with everyone what I did and let you all know I was so
impressed with the flavours. I must thank this recipe for giving me the basic
iddea.

strith

Rating: 1 stars

07/10/2011

BLAH!! ! This curry is missing spices. Cumin, cayenne, ginger, garlic, salt,
thai basil, a touch of lime and brown sugar. I just followed the directions
and was so disappointed. If you like bland foods don't change a thing.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 1 stars

09/07/2005

I made this dish for my boyfriend and I and we both found it completely
unflavorful. Not sure if it would be better with regular coconut milk instead
of lite, but I was very disappointed!

Lydia

Rating: 5 stars

04/11/2007

The meal was a big hit with both old and young alike. I doubled the recipe for
8 (we 4 are big eaters) and realized that I had to make 2 batches due to
equipment contstraints (pan too small). It worked out though because the first
batch with curry sauce as directed was great for the adults, however when I
tasted it I thought it might be a wee bit spicy for the youngins. Therefore I
halved it for the kiddies which they said was perfect. They're actually 11 and
13, so I'm sure they so hate that I'm calling them kiddies :-) (One of them is
reading over my shoulder as I type this) I've already got a request to make
this dish again real soon! I'm looking forward to trying more recipes from
this site. This was my first recipe from allrecipes.com Great site!

jmw0233

Rating: 5 stars

01/08/2011

Wow! This was really good! I was pleasantly surprised. Definitely authentic
resturant quality. But, I made a few changes: I used sesame oil instead of
olive oil, lightly salted and peppered the chicken, added 1 tablespoon of soy
sauce, doubled the curry paste (I like it spicy) and added bamboo shoots for a
really authentic touch. Served it over brown rice. Yummy!

chagyrlchicky

Rating: 2 stars

03/10/2012

There's a little mom and pop place in Dallas, Tx called "Tukta Thai" and they
have the best red curry chicken. I use that as a basis for making my own.
Instead of using olive oil, use sesame oil and it does not hurt to gently
sprinkle some salt and pepper on the chicken. For the veggies I used FRESH
green beans, zucchini, carrots, and red or green bell peppers. The missing
ingredient here are bamboo shoots. It is a must it makes all the difference. I
added fish sauce and 2 tablespoons of sugar. If you like spicy just add pepper
flakes and cayenne pepper to taste. Also, i added like 3 tablespoons of the
curry paste. I have been playing with the recipe and it finally taste like the
one from the restaurant, my hubby was in love. Personally there really is NO
need for the cornstarch. End result will be 5 STARS!!!!

Brendan

Rating: 4 stars

04/09/2008

I thought this was an easy, tasty Thai curry and I enjoyed making it but I
would not use light coconut milk again - it was way too watery. I had to add
more Thai curry paste and dried red chilli flakes to up the flavour. Next time
I think I might leave the carrots out too. Nevertheless - it's a good recipe.

tralden

Rating: 4 stars

11/24/2010

With the suggestions from other reviewers, I added coriander, and fresh minced
garlic to sesame and olive oil. I didn't have zucchini, so I added green bell
peppers along with the red bell peppers and carrots. I used plain rice milk
instead of coconut milk, and didn't measure out the red curry paste or peanut
butter, but about two large scoops of each was the perfect for us. Served over
quinoa. Will make again, and enjoy again!

juliacooks

Rating: 4 stars

02/07/2006

i thought this was ok but my boy friend that it was wonderfull. i felt like it
was missing something, next time i think i will add some ginger and maybe some
fresh lime juice. will definitly make again

Jess

Rating: 3 stars

07/05/2012

This recipe is a good base, but as a complete curry recipe, not so great. It
didn't deliver the heat I want in a good curry, and it lacked that essential
Thai flavor. I doubled the curry paste & added some Thai chili sauce to heat
it up some. I also threw in some mushrooms & baby corn and substituted green
bell pepper for the red. I also added a healthy dose of fresh basil leaves
from my garden. About 10 leaves really gave the flavor a little boost & made
it tast more authentic.

Baxter Hedges

Rating: 4 stars

10/24/2012

As some other suggested, I changed the recipe a bit; adding some peanut
butter, lime juice, garlic, sprouts, and using sesame oil instead of olive
oil. Turned out pretty good. Very nice color, though it was thicker than I
expected it to be. Will definitely try again.

jumpnjohne

Rating: 3 stars

07/13/2006

Very spicy. My husband had to add a lot of soy sauce. I added garlic and a
little extra red curry paste. I may serve it again. The fresh cilantro was a
great topper and made a nice presentation.

kkiram

Rating: 3 stars

07/21/2006

It was a little bland, as others have said. I'm not sure what else to add, but
it needs something.

Holly Bromley

Rating: 2 stars

09/29/2011

Meh.... nothing special. Woefully lacking in flavor.

Marty

Rating: 2 stars

05/16/2010

I did follow the instructions, and it was edible, but didn't have the rich
flavor to which I am accustomed when eating thai curries. Needs a lot more
spice and flavor, or the recipe itself is very bland.

Cindy K.

Rating: 2 stars

02/17/2011

Needed salt! Loved the veggies. Added mushrooms too. Just needed more flavor.

wonderwoman19

Rating: 2 stars

04/20/2011

A bit tasteless. Perhaps I'm used to eating spicy red Thai, but this was very,
very bland. I doubled the red curry paste and it was still tasteless.

Michael

Rating: 1 stars

09/09/2010

There are much better curry recipes out there. The vegetables don't get
cooked, the coconut milk doesn't mellow the curry, and the cornstarch is not
needed.

MusicGirl

Rating: 4 stars

01/13/2011

Great recipe! I made the modifications suggested by other reviewers and loved
it! The only change I made was to add red pepper flakes for a kick.

Anthony Scudder

Rating: 5 stars

03/29/2010

I have made this recipe 3 times now. It's wonderful as is but I like a nice
"punch" of spice. I think found my perfect taste. Along with the recipe, I use
3 good tablespoons of curry paste along with 2 tablespoons of peanut butter
and 3 tablespoons of fish sauce. I omitted the zuccini and cornstarch and it
was the perfect consistency. Thanks for a great recipe, I feel like I'm in my
favorite restaurant each time I make this dish. Excellent!!!!

Jessica Strange

Rating: 3 stars

09/09/2013

I used full fat coconut milk, otherwise followed the recipe as written and
thought it could have used more flavor. I used Thai Kitchen brand red curry
paste - maybe it's not as spicy as other brands?

CODEBLEU

Rating: 4 stars

09/10/2010

Very good. Nice clean, fresh taste. We upped the curry paste and added a scoop
of peanut butter. I think next time I will leave out the cilantro and we also
added fresh lime juice and I won't do that again. The cilantro and lime
overpowered the rest of the flavors. Husband loved it and that's always a
plus!

Kim

Rating: 4 stars

10/31/2011

I read all the reviews and doubled the curry paste, but something was still
missing from the dish. I'm more of a minimalist, and love the simplicity of
having just the veggies, but some minced garlic in with the chicken and
coriander and red pepper flakes added with the red curry paste fixed it all
up! Served it over jasmine rice, and it rivaled our favorite Thai place. Great
recipe!

wolffie

Rating: 3 stars

10/21/2006

I would have to agree with most other reviewers in saying this recipe needs an
additional punch of flavor. I do have another Thai Chicken Curry recipe that
calls for fish sauce, lemon juice and garlic chili sauce. I think adding those
items, as well as perhaps some straw mushrooms and tomatoes, might enhance the
flavor tremendously. I personally also like baby corn in my Thai chicken curry
dishes. I think next time I'll combine both recipe ingredients and have a
killer dish.

katS

Rating: 5 stars

05/08/2009

Quick, simple, and tasty. Loved it and will be using the recipe again.

Laura Smith

Rating: 4 stars

10/05/2011

Was very good but needed spices added

sarahalley

Rating: 2 stars

02/21/2010

This curry was edible but there was almost no flavor. I followed the recipe as
written, except I added more veggies and omitted the cornstarch. It was
missing something- this is a good base for a curry, but you'd need to play
around with adding ingredients to make it worthwhile.

Kathy

Rating: 2 stars

02/02/2012

I like red curries, and I like easy recipes, so I wanted to like this.
Unfortunately, we were bored to tears with this.

acrosstheuniversemaybe

Rating: 1 stars

10/05/2010

The texture of this recipe is great but it is lacking in flavor. I tried
adjusting the red chili paste from 1 tablespoon to 3 tablespoons still not
enough flavor.

Gin Jadav

Rating: 4 stars

11/18/2007

This recipe was good as is. I did make some changes, though. As recommended by
other reviewers, I added 1 Tbsp fish sauce, 1/2 tsp coriander, doubled the
curry paste, added some fresh garlic and ginger, i put in some cubed potatoes
(which i boiled first) instead of the carrots, and the most important part...
a big ol' spoonful of peanut butter. one of the other reviewers suggested this
was the missing ingredient and i think she is right. it really added a lot of
flavor. next time, i will skip the cornstarch, too. i am not sure why a curry
needs to be thick. as it is written, it was good, but with these changes it
was delicious!

Faizah Ekram Faruqui

Rating: 5 stars

10/13/2010

My family loved this recipe including the 3 year old. I followed the
instruction to the one suggested on July 27,2007. I loved it and will make it
again!!

Dan The Man

Rating: 4 stars

12/29/2010

Very good and easy to make. Few changes: 1) rub chicken with curry powder
night before. 2) Add Thai Chili Peppers for kick. 3) Use Thai Basil instead of
cilantro

KrisMarie

Rating: 4 stars

07/21/2010

By no means was this bad, it was actually very good. For some reason though,
it did lack the flavor you usually get with restaurant Thai curry. I think the
amount of curry paste you use depends on the brand. I bought some paste from
my grocery store, it was one of those major brands that sells tons of packaged
thai foods, etc. I put in one T and literally, there was no heat at all. I put
in another T just for flavor, but still no heat. Guess my brand was mild. I
don't like it hot, just a little bit of spice but mostly flavor. Next time,
I'll add fish sauce and brown sugar. Perhaps another can of coconut milk as
well to make it more saucy for the rice.

ansleyk21

Rating: 5 stars

11/02/2010

I made a few changes: -I added some salt, cayenne pepper, and a bit of a chili
paste I had to the chicken before I cooked it. -I left out the bell peppers
but added some sliced bamboo shoots (you can find this in a can usually in the
Asian food isle.) -I didn't use light coconut milk, I had regular. I added
that and added 1/2 can of water to it as well so it wouldn't thicken up too
much, to0 fast. -Instead of cilantro, I chopped about 3 basil leaves and put
them it--IT DEFINITELY MAKES A DIFFERENCE! -I also used baby carrots for the
recipe, they make it so small and bite size. I also wanted to add peas to it,
but it slipped my head, so if anyone tries it-let me know how it comes out! :]
ENJOY!

Carrie S.

Rating: 4 stars

12/28/2010

Really good recipe! I used 1/2 light and 1/2 regular coconut milk (all light
is too soupy). Also used tofu instead of chicken. We only have small cans of
Thai curry paste, and our can recipe says to use the whole thing so I always
do. Perfect!

Eric

Rating: 4 stars

11/16/2010

My wife and I absolutely loved this! I can't wait to prepare it again.

Van

Rating: 3 stars

12/03/2014

It's a pretty decent recipe. I made it with onion, green beans, bell pepper,
tofu and chicken. I added basil since it should be cooked with basil. I also
doubled the curry paste and next time I would skip the cornstarch altogether.
It gave it a weird texture.

Kristi

Rating: 4 stars

07/18/2010

This is a 5 star recipe with a few additions...BEEF! Try it with Flank Steak!
Our additions: 2 T of Curry paste (not 1), 1 T Fish Sauce, 2 t. coriander, 2
cloves minced garlic, 1/2 t. minced ginger, and SALT...it needs salt! But...it
was absolutely delicious! Thanks for the baseline, and all the other reviews!

Carol Jo

Rating: 5 stars

11/23/2011

Love this recipe. Use with chicken or shrimp. I also add other veggies that I
have on hand. I also add ground coriander in place of the fresh cilantro.

Donna

Rating: 1 stars

02/14/2013

this recipe no flavor whatsoever. I do better thai myself. I had to add oyster
sauce, and soy sauce. It was awful.

Rachel Miegel

Rating: 2 stars

01/04/2011

I had high hopes for this recipe and was really disappointed. Especially since
it smelled so good while it was cooking. I did what several people recommended
by doubling the red curry paste, adding fish sauce, coriander, sugar, and red
peppers. I was really surprised at how little flavor it had, especially after
everything I added. I can't imagine what it would have tasted like if I didn't
do anything different.

Alan Hollister

Rating: 5 stars

10/23/2006

I set out to make this and it turned out great! Only thing is that I thought I
had Thai red curry paste and it was in fact, Thai red chili paste...given that
I put in 2T of it along with 2T of powdered curry. My next flub was at the
store I somehow got creme de coconut rather than 'milk'. (don't know what was
going on that day) and it is thick but mixed a small amount of water to the
cornstarch and somehow this was absolutely delicious! Great texture and
visual. thanks, maybe it will try it again as written, but maybe not.

blessedmom

Rating: 5 stars

07/26/2012

We loved this! I will say that we put in 2 T of red curry paste and a couple
of spoons of peanut butter and it was pretty spicy for the kids. Now I on the
other hand coulda handled some more heat! We also added a dash of fish sauce.
Left out the cornstarch all together. Used green peppers instead of red and
didn't have any zucchini, so left that out too. I will definately be making
this often!

katie

Rating: 4 stars

02/12/2007

Great recipe for basic curry. However, all of the flavor comes from the curry
paste, which is very spicy, so to add more flavor you must add more heat. It
needs other seasonings such as brown sugar and soy sauce to correct this as
other people have mentioned. Also, I use fried tofu in this recipe and
whatever vegetables I have on hand or feel like.

talkingtina

Rating: 2 stars

02/18/2015

Dud. I made this recipe as listed and it looked and smelled delicious but
absolutely no flavor. Next time I will add salt and maybe fry the curry paste.
It is a good base but needs work to pull out some flavor.

None

Rating: 4 stars

02/11/2015

I am reviewing this recipe even though I have tweaked it. I realize there are
some people who think a recipe needs to be made as written in order to be
reviewed. I am so glad that there are cooks who tweak and review and add their
comments and reasons for the changes. I followed many of the suggestions of
other reviewers here to make this dish more flavorful and am pleased to report
it was a big hit. I am giving this four stars, because it was not "wonderful"
for me until it was tweaked. But I thank the submitter for the recipe and
inspiration.

June Puleo Wallace

Rating: 3 stars

03/02/2015

It wasn't just mild it simply had no flavor.

jkick

Rating: 4 stars

11/07/2010

Instead of the veggies called for, I used shrimp, potatos, tofu, onion and red
pepper. I used QUITE a bit of red curry paste and it still wasn't very spicy,
probably 3. The sauce was pink, not red. It didn't taste too different than
the regular curry I made, but my husband says they're not supposed to. I'd
never had red curry before. This was pretty good, but if you want it spicy,
I'd add red pepper flakes to the sauce while cooking and add 4 tablespoons of
red curry paste.

Veronica

Rating: 3 stars

03/11/2012

This was just ok. Not enough flavor for me, unfortunately!

BROWNROSES2

Rating: 2 stars

12/04/2007

I was disappointed with the flavor of this recipie. I thought it sounded
fabulous and tried it last evening. It didn't have much taste to it. Could it
be the lite coconut milk? I even used extra curry... If you like a mild
tasting dish, then this may be for you but if you like a bold flavor - I would
recommend making some changes.

cowgirll

Rating: 5 stars

06/21/2015

YUM. This was so freaking good! I served mine over Jasmine rice, and I wish
I'd started the rice before I started prepping, because it came together so
quickly that the rice was the part that took the longest! This seems like it
would be very adaptable to whatever veggies and protein that you have handy. I
can't wait to "play" with it.

SHORTY604

Rating: 4 stars

12/23/2011

the recipe was a real hit at my dinner party. followed the recipe exactly and
it came out great. Thanks for sharing!

priscilla arzivian

Rating: 4 stars

01/31/2009

This was pretty good. Not bad for a basic curry recipie. I personally LOVE
peanut butter. So I listened to another reviewer and added about 4-5 large
tablespoons of it. It really gives it a nice flavorful kick. I also added red
pepper flakes. Do not add too much cornstarch . It only needs a little and if
you add too much like I did, it will taste like the darn stuff. I give this a
4!

Jerlyn Hartman

Rating: 4 stars

10/19/2006

Addendum: I made this again and added fish sauce, spicy Thai peanut sauce,
roasted peanuts, cubed cooked potatoes, lime, garlic, sugar, and S & P. After
the additions, I've upgraded my opinion of the dish from a 2-star to a 4-star.
I had high expectations for this recipe but was dissapointed. Even after
adding the extra ingredients(lime, S & P, garlic, sugar) suggested by others,
the dish was still missing something. I doubt that I will make it again unless
I can figure out what to add to make it taste better - definitely did not
taste like authentic Thai.

Marcie & Donny

Rating: 4 stars

01/24/2012

This is a good recipe but to be great restaurant quality some
changes/additions are needed.

sugamama

Rating: 1 stars

07/16/2007

My favorite dish of all time is Red Curry Chicken from a place called
Lemongrass and I believe it is untouchable. I would say this is a 1 star
compared to that. It could be that my standards are way too high, because of
this reason, and if I had never had their Red Curry Chicken, I might have
rated this recipe higher. So take that into consideration.

cookingchris

Rating: 4 stars

08/21/2012

this is pretty good and fast. it is missing something though, i added some
shredded coconut while cooking and it elevated the flavour. i also cubed about
a cup of fresh pineapple and stirred it in right before serving. enjoy.

RussianChick

Rating: 5 stars

10/16/2010

I used green curry instead of red, and it was delicious!

OregonSarah

Rating: 4 stars

01/21/2008

This was a fantastic recipe. I too followed earlier suggestions and added fish
sauce, fresh minced ginger & garlic, and the juice of two limes and tons of
cilantro (I am a lime/cilantro freak!) I also added in pineapple to please the
little ones at the table. Served w/ jasmine rice and a fresh fruit plate of
mangoes, bananas, kiwi on the side. Everyone gave rave reviews and I loved how
easy it was to prepare.

Karen Gearey Baldwin

Rating: 5 stars

03/04/2012

This was the first time I've tried cooking Thai food. It turned out exactly
how I've had this same dish at restaurants! My family and I loved it and plan
on making this again!

Angela H

Rating: 5 stars

04/01/2007

I thought this recipe came out great! I doubled the amount of red curry paste
and added some fresh basil. I used regular coconut milk instead of "lite" and
was pleased with the consistency. I would definitely make this again.

erickasper

Rating: 4 stars

01/28/2007

This curry recipe works well, but I used Thai Kitchen paste and only needed
one teaspoon. Also, this recipe needs 1 1/2 Tbsp fish sauce for the right
flavor.

jookyboi

Rating: 4 stars

09/07/2011

Almost right. As others had mentioned, a little bit of peanut butter makes all
the difference. I used a tablespoon of unsweetened, unsalted organic peanut
butter.

Michelle

Rating: 4 stars

02/26/2015

This recipe was simple to make I like spicy so I did add just a little more
red curry paste. Also I used some ground ginger. Overall I thought this was
really good and will probably make again sometime.

Alayna B

Rating: 5 stars

09/29/2010

My husband (who is not really a cook) made this for dinner last night. It came
out wonderful! The only thing he changed was to omit the zucchini and add a
can of bamboo shoots. We also used a green pepper from the garden instead of a
red one. We served this over rice and had just enough to eat for lunch the
next day. Loved the coconut/cilantro combo!

AMO

Rating: 3 stars

02/02/2015

I agree this is a good quick starter and sometimes that's all you are looking
for on work nights. I made this exactly as written and after tasting it I then
decided it needed something. I went ahead and added broccoli, paprika, black
molasses, brown sugar and a little extra red curry. Yum yum yum!!

zoohouse

Rating: 5 stars

01/12/2011

This is a great recipe. We were stuck in a snow storm and didn't have all the
ingredients, but after reading reviews, we had enough to improvise. Added a
minced 1-inch piece of fresh ginger, 2 large cloves of garlic, tripled the
curry paste, mushrooms instead of zucchini and no carrots. We didn't have any
coconut milk, so substituted half and half. And, we forgot to add the
cilantro! But it came out fantastic! I want to make it again with the coconut
milk, but other than that we loved it the way it came out. Thanks for posting
this great recipe! This is definitely something we'll be making again.

bubblegumaddikt

Rating: 5 stars

01/27/2014

Excellent dish! I do like a little more spice so I added more of the thai
paste, some red pepper flakes, and curry powder. If I had sriracha I would've
added that. Oh and I added garlic because garlic is a must in any dish. Put it
over a bed of rice.

Alysia C

Rating: 5 stars

01/02/2007

Very tastey, just like a resturant. I added lime juice, garlic, 1/4 teaspoon
corriander, 2 tablespoons sugar and some salt and pepper. I served it with
couscous, a nice alternative to rice. Oh and used about 1/2 Tablespoon extra
curry paste, wasnt too spicy at all. Will be making this again!

maggie

Rating: 4 stars

06/09/2013

Good start. Something is missing, spice wise. I have eaten plenty of Thai food
but haven't cooked much of it. Not sure what this needs?

Cati Cat

Rating: 4 stars

05/11/2008

I thought this was a great recipe! For anyone who loved this recipe, I would
try using red onion instead of a white onion for a little added zing.
Otherwise, I felt like I should be paying for this in a restraunt. Great
stuff!

Priyanka

Rating: 5 stars

02/16/2012

This turned out to be so good... :-) Although I did add 7-8 lime leaves and
some chopped lemongrass to the oil just before adding the chicken and the
veggies. Also I did not find Coconut Milk and used Lite Coconut cream, diluted
with water and skipped the cornstarch.. Yum with steamed Jasmine rice.. :-)

Snowquiet

Rating: 2 stars

08/25/2012

I was excited to try this recipe, but it was very disappointing. The dish did
not have much flavor and seemed very watered down, even after adding more
curry paste. A friend told me that a good curry paste can make a big
difference, so maybe that was the problem.

Jenn

Rating: 5 stars

12/22/2010

Amazingly deliciuos and so easy!!

autumnlili

Rating: 3 stars

02/01/2011

I really wish I could have been more generous but all things said, this recipe
was a bit blah. Not the punch of authentic flavour I had hoped for. I followed
the recipe to a T but before serving, I tasted it and found it severely
lacking in flavour. I tried to add some fish sauce, some ginger and some salt
but nothing could be done. If I had had a lime, I think the acidity would of
benefited the dish but alas, I didn't. And as others have mentioned, the
cornstarch was not necessary and threw off the texture. My husband and I are
big fans of Gang Garee Gai so I was looking for a similar dish to make at home
but this was not it. I'm pretty sure it will not get a repeat performance in
my kitchen.

ERock

Rating: 5 stars

02/11/2007

Loved this recipe, even went on a kick for a while where we made it almost
weekly! I prefer to skip the zucchini and instead add white onion.

Shelley Seslar

Rating: 2 stars

03/01/2011

Not authentic. Bland!

Ridiculina

Rating: 4 stars

08/22/2009

I love Thai red curry (Gaeng Phed Gai), and this was a nice and quick recipe.
I made some adjustments to make it more authentic. I used fish sauce for salt,
and I added basil and lime leaves - and the vegetables that was in my fridge:
carrots, peas, bell peppers and a tin of bamboo shots. If you don't get lime
leaves, you can use zest and juice from one lime, or lemon grass. It's such a
rich dish that I really think it needs some acid. But this was a nice starting
point :-)

Ryan Magenot

Rating: 4 stars

08/05/2010

I loved this recipe, although I did have a few things to add. I doubled the
amount of curry paste (plus added jalapenos and some cayenne for some serious
heat). I love the sweetness of Thai curry, but my taste for this dish tends
toward the acidic. To help with this, I added the juice of 1 lime PLUS about 2
tablespoons of rice wine vinegar. I found that this adds a kick that it was
otherwise lacking. Another change I made was adding green onion, water
chestnuts, and a generous amount of Thai Basil (any type of basil would be
acceptable, however). I kind of like the idea of the peanut butter, although I
do think it adds a little too much sweetness. As far as spices go, I added
about 1 teaspoon of Indian Yellow Curry spice to the dish. I found that it
created a little more depth to the flavor of the curry, although it's a tad
unconventional. Also, garlic is a must! In my opinion, experiment with the
flavors, taste often, and have fun!

Chef T

Rating: 5 stars

08/18/2012

This was excellent, used some ginger, and garlic plus a bit of lime juice to
bring out more flavor. Added a 1/2 tbs more of the curry paste and served over
Jasmin Rice. The entire family loved it~

Rachel

Rating: 3 stars

02/09/2012

Very bland (at least for my tastes) even going with the comments-recommended
2Tbsp, next time I'll taste and check and probably end up more around 4Tbsp. I
added a chopped potato, a pinch of garlic, a spoonful of peanut butter, and
put it over rice. Yum!

Ceci C Mcknight

Rating: 4 stars

03/24/2010

This was pretty good. I followed everyone's advice and added the extra curry
and lime and 2tsp sugar. I also put in 1/2 tbs of curry powder by accident and
garlic salt. I still think it's missing something sweet but it's definitely
not peanut butter..lol. Maybe I'll put 3tsp sugar next time.

Whitney

Rating: 3 stars

08/03/2008

As just a dish on its own, though, it wasn't bad, but this recipe isn't
authentic at all. I felt that the flavor was very weak and there were just
certain flavors from an authentic Thai red curry that I missed (ie. fish
sauce, lemon grass, etc.) It tasted fine, and it was very easy and quick to
make. Just don't hope for authenticity!

Jae77

Rating: 4 stars

12/18/2006

I loved this. But I did add to it. I added some champanions, corn cuts, and
waterchest nuts. Served with thin noodles. I did add more curry paste &
garlic. Was delish!!

WhitneyNicole

Rating: 5 stars

09/01/2010

great recipe... i realized i didn't have any cornstarch but bought regular
coconut milk instead of lite and it was thick enough. i did add more curry
paste then recommended and was quite happy with the spice!

jimmychoo

Rating: 2 stars

10/21/2006

First, I don't think it's necessary to double the curry in this recipe. It is
very spicy. Also, it is really bland. I didn't know a dish could be both very
spicy and very bland, but this one did it. I even added garlic, coriander, and
cumin. I did not have a lime so I could not try lime juice as others had
recommended. I will not make this again.

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Thai Red Chicken Curry

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Thai Red Chicken Curry

##  All Reviews for Thai Red Chicken Curry

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Thai Red Chicken Curry

Servings Per Recipe: 4  
Calories: 270.6  

% Daily Value *

protein:  25.4g  51 %

carbohydrates:  11.2g  4 %

dietary fiber:  1.9g  8 %

sugars:  3.6g

fat:  15.8g  24 %

saturated fat:  6.4g  32 %

cholesterol:  58.5mg  20 %

vitamin a iu:  3653.1IU  73 %

niacin equivalents:  11.6mg  89 %

vitamin b6:  0.5mg  29 %

vitamin c:  46.6mg  78 %

folate:  34mcg  9 %

calcium:  29mg  3 %

iron:  1.1mg  6 %

magnesium:  32.1mg  12 %

potassium:  382.6mg  11 %

sodium:  147.2mg  6 %

thiamin:  0.1mg  10 %

calories from fat:  142

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Thai Red Chicken Curry

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 377

Thai Red Chicken Curry

1 of 74 Thai Red Chicken Curry

Karen Henke Mutter

Thai Red Chicken Curry

2 of 74 Thai Red Chicken Curry

Julleep

Thai Red Chicken Curry

3 of 74 Thai Red Chicken Curry

WhiteCoatSyndrome

Thai Red Chicken Curry

4 of 74 Thai Red Chicken Curry

Joanne Curtis Flowerday

Thai Red Chicken Curry

5 of 74 Thai Red Chicken Curry

Rachela

Thai Red Chicken Curry

6 of 74 Thai Red Chicken Curry

Claire

Thai Red Chicken Curry

7 of 74 Thai Red Chicken Curry

D B Mattoon

Thai Red Chicken Curry

8 of 74 Thai Red Chicken Curry

MrMannyRodz

Thai Red Chicken Curry

9 of 74 Thai Red Chicken Curry

Jessica Graham

Thai Red Chicken Curry

10 of 74 Thai Red Chicken Curry

Luis Domingues

Thai Red Chicken Curry

11 of 74 Thai Red Chicken Curry

bradysmom

Thai Red Chicken Curry

12 of 74 Thai Red Chicken Curry

Albert Moreno

Thai Red Chicken Curry

13 of 74 Thai Red Chicken Curry

Lucy Shea Allen

Thai Red Chicken Curry

14 of 74 Thai Red Chicken Curry

kelseymichelle85

Thai Red Chicken Curry

15 of 74 Thai Red Chicken Curry

Lauren Johnson Ryszka

Thai Red Chicken Curry

16 of 74 Thai Red Chicken Curry

Matt Morrison

Thai Red Chicken Curry

17 of 74 Thai Red Chicken Curry

brian

Thai Red Chicken Curry

18 of 74 Thai Red Chicken Curry

Brooklyn Idalski

Thai Red Chicken Curry

19 of 74 Thai Red Chicken Curry

esenam

Thai Red Chicken Curry

20 of 74 Thai Red Chicken Curry

Madison Sams

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Thai Red Chicken Curry to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Thai Red Chicken Curry

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

