https://carlsbadcravings.com/thai-red-curry-chicken-recipe/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * About
  * Shop
  * Videos
  * Soul Food

  *   *   *   *   * 
AccountFavoritesSubscribe

Search for Menu Close

Carlsbad Cravings

Search for

  * Home
  * Course
    * Appetizers
    * Breakfast
    * Lunch
    * Dinner
    * Soups
    * Salads
    * Sides
    * Desserts
    * Beverages
  * Method
    * Sheet Pan
    * One Pot/One Pan
    * Stovetop
    * Skillet
    * Oven
    * Slow Cooker
    * Grill
  * Type
    * 30 Minute Meals
    * Chicken
    * Beef
    * Pork
    * Seafood
    * Turkey
    * Soup
    * Salad
    * Pasta
    * Pizza
    * Tacos
    * Sandwiches/Burgers/Wraps
    * Bowls
    * Casseroles
    * Marinades
    * Sauces
  * Flavors
    * Asian
    * Italian
    * Mexican
    * Mediterranean
    * Tropical
    * Cajun
    * American
  * Occasions
    * Christmas
    * Thanksgiving
    * Easter
    * Valentine's Day
    * Game Day
    * Summer Cookout
  * Soul Food
  * Shop
  * About
  * My Favorites
  * My Account

  *   *   *   *   * 
Subscribe

# Thai Red Curry Chicken and Vegetables

Jump to RecipePrint Recipe

This post may contain affiliate links. Please read our disclosure policy.

## THIS 30 MINUTE THAI RED CURRY CHICKEN WITH VEGETABLES IS WONDERFULLY
COCONUT CREAMY, BURSTING WITH LAYERS OF FLAVOR, INCREDIBLY EASY AND ALL MADE
IN ONE POT!  DEFINITELY A NEW FAVORITE AT OUR HOUSE AND BETTER THAN ANY
RESTAURANT!

_You guys HAVE to make this Thai Red Curry Chicken Recipe! I don 't beg often,
so I hope you know I never cry wolf. If you are a lover of Thai Food, you will
be a LOVER of this warm, comforting, multi-dimensional Thai Red Curry Chicken
with Vegetables! Its a one pot wonder worthy of any weeknight or weekend and
you should be able to find all the ingredients at your local grocery store!_

### Pin this recipe to save for later

## how to make Thai Red Curry Recipe

Thai food is one of my favorite cuisines with its depth of layered flavors
that create a savory symphony in every bite.    I’ve created several of my
restaurant favorites into takeout fakeout versions from Chicken Pad Thai,
Panang Curry, Coconut Curry Chicken, Yellow Curry, Tom Kha Gai.  and now this
INSANELY delicious Thai Red Curry Chicken Recipe!!!   (update, this Red Curry
Chicken Recipe made my Most Popular Recipes of 2017!  AKA it's a winner!)

As I was looking at my other "Thai" or "curry"recipes,  many of them boast how
quickly they come together in the title, "30 Minute Pantry Friendly Panang
Curry," "30 Minute Pineapple Red Curry Chicken Stir Fry," "20 Minute Thai Red
Curry Beef  Tacos" - so apparently Thai food is quick and easy?   YES IT IS!!!
Thanks to to the magical store bought Thai red curry paste that packs a _huge_
flavor punch.  The premade red curry paste is comprised of finely ground
coriander, peppercorns, Kaffir lime leaves, lemongrass, galangal, lime leaves,
cilantro, shallot, garlic, and fresh chiles - all combined for you.  No wonder
it adds tons of flavor with minimal effort.

The key to bringing the red curry paste alive and for its flavors to permeate
the entire dish, is to saute it with plenty of onion, garlic and ginger.  We
also stir fry our chicken, bell peppers and zucchini directly in the simmering
red curry paste to infuse it with the dynamic flavors all before we add the
coconut milk.  Feel free to change up the vegetables to whatever suits your
mood or make Thai Red Curry Chicken - cleaning-out-the-fridge-style with
whatever you need to use up. It will be the best use of miscellaneous veggies
Ever.

To further the complexity of flavors, we also add Thai sweet chili sauce, and
the classic cast of Thai food characters: soy sauce, fish sauce, lime juice,
brown sugar, dried basil and a bay leaf.  Its a somewhat long list of
ingredients, but most of them you are just dumping into the sauce. You might
notice we are not using Kaffir lime leaves which are responsible for the
distinctive earthy lime-lemon flavor in many traditional Thai Red Curry
recipes, but this exotic ingredient can be very difficult to find, and I want
you to be able to make this Thai Red Curry Chicken recipe AT ALL TIMES.  While
there is no direct substitute for Kaffir lime leaves, it doesn't mean other
ingredients can't be used to produce otherworldly flavors.  This Thai Red
Curry Chicken achieves a wonderfully fresh citrus zing by playing up the fresh
lime juice, bright lime zest and simmering the sauce with a bay leaf.  Done.

Finally, my authentically blasphemous key to gorgeously, thick, silky red
curry coconut sauce is to whisk our quality coconut milk (I like Chakoah)
with a little cornstarch.  The end result is a rich, luscious red curry
coconut sauce that is soooo creamy, so infused with flavor all cradling your
tender chicken and crisp-tender vegetables. All in 30 minutes.  And your house
will smell incredible.  This Thai Red Curry Chicken might be as good as it
gets.

## WANT TO TRY THIS THAI RED CURRY CHICKEN?

### Pin it to your ASIAN, CHICKEN, or DINNER Board to SAVE for later!

#### Find me on Pinterest for more great recipes!  I am always pinning :)!

©Carlsbad Cravings by CarlsbadCravings.com

## Tools Used in This Recipe

PreviousNext

### Teak Wood Cutting Board

Shop Now >

### Citrus Zester

Shop Now >

### Nonstick Fry Pan with Lid 12 in.

Shop Now >

### Wooden Spatula Set

Shop Now >

### Garlic Press

Shop Now >

### Rice Cooker

Shop Now >

See Favorite Tools

##  

### Looking for more Thai recipes?

  * Thai Yellow Chicken Curry with Potatoes
  * One Pot Thai Chicken Noodle Soup
  * 30  Minute Pantry Friendly Panang Curry
  * Slow cooker Thai Coconut Chicken and Wild Rice Soup
  * Thai Coconut Curry Chicken
  * Thai Green Curry Chicken

## Thai Red Curry Chicken

This 30 MINUTE Thai Red Curry Chicken with Vegetables is wonderfully coconut
creamy, bursting with layers of flavor, incredibly easy and all made in one
pot! Definitely a new favorite at our house and better than any restaurant!

Servings: 4 -6 servings

Total Time: 30 mins

Prep Time: 18 mins

Cook Time: 12 mins

## Save This Recipe To Your Recipe Box

You can now create an account on our site and save your favorite recipes all
in one place!

Print RecipePin RecipeSave RecipeSaved!

### Ingredients

  * 1 1/2 tablespoons olive oil or coconut oil
  * 1 pound chicken breasts sliced into 1/4” slices then 2” pieces**
  * 1/2 large onion, chopped
  * 2 tablespoons red curry paste
  * 1 red bell pepper, thinly sliced then chopped into 2” pieces
  * 1 orange bell pepper thinly sliced then chopped into 2” pieces
  * 1 small zucchini, sliced
  * 2 teaspoons freshly grated ginger
  * 4 garlic cloves, minced
  * 1  13.5 oz. can quality coconut milk (I like Chaokoh)
  * 1 tablespoon cornstarch
  * 1 tablespoon Asian/Thai Sweet Chili Sauce (like Mae Ploy)
  * 2 tablespoons less sodium soy sauce
  * 2 tablespoon fish sauce
  * 2 tablespoons lime juice
  * 1 tablespoon brown sugar
  * 1 bay leaf
  * 1 teaspoon dried basil
  * 1/4 teaspoon salt more or less to taste
  * 1/4 teaspoon pepper
  * sriracha to taste/Asian chili sauce (optional)

#### Garnish

  * lime zest to taste
  * fresh basil
  * fresh cilantro
  * fresh lime juice

### Instructions

  * Heat oil over medium high heat in large nonstick skillet. Add chicken, onion and red curry paste and cook just until chicken is no longer pink. Add bell peppers, zucchini, ginger and garlic and saute 1 minute.

  * Add half of the coconut milk. Mix remaining coconut milk with 1 tablespoon cornstarch and add to skillet along with all remaining ingredients (expect Garnishes).

  * Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer for 5 minutes or until the sauce thickens and the vegetables reach desired crisp-tenderness. If you would like a thinner sauce, thin with water (I don’t do this). Discard bay leaf.

  * Garnish with additional optional fresh basil, cilantro, lime zest, lime juice and Sriracha to taste. Serve with rice.

### Video

### Notes

**Chicken is much easier to slice if partially frozen. It will thaw quickly
once sliced. You can slice your chicken and red bell peppers in advance for
even quicker meal prep.

## Want To Make This Recipe?

Follow Me On Pinterest!

### Never Miss a Craving

  *   *   *   *   * 

Did You Make This Recipe?

Tag @CarlsbadCravings and Use #CarlsbadCravngs

Leave a Review, I Always Love Hearing From You!

_Carlsbad Cravings_ **©** _Original_

## You Might Also Like

PreviousNext

### Lemon Chicken Orzo

### Pesto Pasta

### Easy Salmon Fish Tacos

### Pan Fried Tilapia In Pesto Cream Sauce

### Sausage Peppers pasta

### Tuscan Shrimp

See More Recipes

## Reader Interactions

### leave a review Cancel reply

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without
commenting.

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Δ

### 180 Comments

  1. Kelsi says

at

This looks delicious! Is there a nutrition breakdown of if?

Reply

    * Jen says

at

Thanks! You can calculate info at:
https://www.myfitnesspal.com/recipe/calculator

Reply

  2. Cassady Stewart says

at

This has become a staple over the last handful of years. It’s so comforting
and full of flavors! We love this one at our house. I don’t make a lot of
repeat recipes because I like to change things up but this has made it into
our meal plan every month! Bravo!

Reply

    * Jen says

at

Thanks so much for the rave review Cassady! I'm so pleased this is a repeat
favorite!

Reply

  3. Jessamy says

at

Made this tonight for dinner. It was delicious but I think next time I will
double the garlic and ginger - it felt like it needed even more flavour!

Reply

    * Jen says

at

Thanks Jessamy!

Reply

See More Comments

## Primary Sidebar

### Looking For a Certain Craving?

Search for

### Hey There Friend

I am Jennifer, a lover of food and sharing my recipes. I am a Cystic fibrosis
survivor, lung & kidney transplant recipient, LOVER of life and FOOD.  
Read more about me here.

### Follow Me On:

  *   *   *   *   * 

### More Categories

DinnerChicken cravingsSoupAsian cravingsMexicanItalianSlow Cooker

## The Face Behind the Recipes

Welcome to my food blog with all my favorite cravings! I am Jennifer, a lover
of food and sharing my recipes. I am a cystic fibrosis survivor, lung & kidney
transplant recipient, LOVER of life and FOOD. Start browsing recipes and
subscribe to my weekly free newsletter! Read more about me here.

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Email *

GO

Follow  
Me Here:

  *   *   *   *   * 

## Pick a Category

PreviousNext

30 Minute Meal CravingsDinner CravingsChicken cravingsSoup CravingsSalad
CravingsSide Dish cravingsDessert CravingsAppetizer cravingsBreakfast Cravings

## Cooking method

PreviousNext

Slow Cooker CravingsOne Pot WondersGrilling CravingsSheet PanOvenStovetop

## Find the Recipe You Are Craving:

Search for

Browse  
by Type:

AppetizersBreakfastDinnerSidesSoupsSaladDessertoccasions

## What's Trending

PreviousNext

## Don't Miss a Craving!

Sign up for our free newsletter and follow us on social media to make your
life easier and more delicious with weekly new recipes:

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Email *

GO

  *   *   *   *   * 

Carlsbad Cravings

Get the Latest Recipes

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Email *

GO

#### Find a Craving

Search for

  * My Favorites
  * My Account

#### All Recipes

  * Appetizer cravings
  * Dessert
  * Dinner
  * Salad
  * Sides
  * Soups
  * Mexican Breakfast cravings
  * Beverages

#### Flavors

  * Asian & Italian
  * Italian
  * Mexican
  * Mediterranean cravings
  * Tropical cravings
  * Cajun cravings
  * American cravings
  * Middle Eastern & African

#### Occasions

  * Christmas
  * Thanksgiving
  * Easter
  * Holiday
  * Game Day
  * Summer Cookout

#### About

  * Meet Jennifer
  * Soul Food
  * Contact
  * My Book
  * Copyright & Privacy

#### Social

  *   *   *   *   * 

  * All Recipes
  * Flavors
  * Occasions
  * About

(C) 2022 Carlsbad Cravings

Design by Melanie Burk  | Development by Expanding Designs

YES, I WANT THIS

5 Secrets to  
30 Minute Meals

Tips, tricks & recipes to get dinner on the table fast!

FREE EMAIL BONUS

