https://www.funfoodfrolic.com/chicken-in-red-thai-curry/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

  * Recipe Index
  * Cookbook
  * About Hina
  * Subscribe
  * search...

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

search...

  * Recipe Index
  * Cookbook
  * About Hina
  * Subscribe

Ã—

Home Â» World Recipes Â» Thai Red Chicken Curry

Published: Jan 14, 2020 | Modified: Sep 7, 2020 by Hina Gujral

# Thai Red Chicken Curry

Share with your friends!

70

SHARES

TwitterFacebook70PinterestTelegramWhatsAppYummly

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

_Thai Red Chicken Curry is an insanely delicious, gluten-free chicken curry
with a lot of vegetables and coconut milk. It tastes best with steamed jasmine
rice. Try this easy curry recipe and be prepared for the burst of fresh
flavors it brings._

Pin

## About Thai Cuisine:

In recent years, Thai Cuisine has become quite popular among food lovers
across the globe. Thai food ain't about simplicity. It's about the juggling of
disparate flavors to create umami.

It is a deadly combination of delicious aroma, brilliant colors, exotic herbs,
local spices and a lot of coconuts especially - the spicy, slurpy **Thai
Curries**.

If you are a curry lover then these three major curries in the Thai Cuisine â€“
**Red, Green, and Yellow** , are a must-try.

## Thai Red Curry Paste - Homemade vs Readymade:

We always stick to **Homemade Red** **Curry Paste** to make an authentic Thai
curry. The color, texture, and taste of the curry prepared from freshly ground
curry paste are mind-blowing.

But for making red curry on short notice, we rely on some of the best
readymade curry paste available in the supermarket. **Real Thai Red Curry
Paste, Blue Elephant, Mesri and Ayam** are few of my favorite red curry paste
brands.

**Zest up the readymade curry paste** by frying in oil for 3 - 5 minutes with
chopped garlic before adding chicken or vegetables.

The homemade curry paste can be stored in an airtight jar for about **2 weeks
if refrigerated** or even longer if feezed. Read the storing instructions in
the label of the readymade curry paste.

PinKey Ingredients

## Key Ingredients Required & Substitutions:

If you live in a place where the Thai herbs required for the dish arenâ€™t
available, try these substitutes:

  * **Lemongrass** - use dry lemongrass or lemon juice
  *  **Kafir Lime Leaves** â€“ regular lime leaves or lemon zest
  *  **Galangal (Thai Ginger)** â€“ regular ginger
  *  **Coconut milk** â€“ cashew or almond milk 
  * **Thai Basil Leaves** â€“ Italian Basil
  *  **Rice Vinegar** â€“ regular white vinegar or wine vinegar
  *  **Brown Sugar** â€“ jaggery or white sugar
  *  **Fish Sauce** - soy sauce or skip it
  *  **Light Soy Sauce**
  *  **Birds Eye Chilli** - any other variety of spicy red chili

Apart from these herbs and spices, a medley of seasonal vegetables along with
meat or seafood is added in the red curry. From local **mushrooms, green
beans, bell peppers, squash, eggplant to baby corn** feel free to add
vegetables of your choice in the curry.

## Serving Suggestions:

Thai Curry is best enjoyed with hot, **steamed jasmine rice**. Or you can
serve with **boiled rice noodles** or my signature **pineapple fried rice**.

I like Thai curry with steamed rice topped with **toasted peanuts, shrimp
crackers and a spoonful of spicy sambal**.

PinThai Red Curry With Chicken

## FAQ's Related To Thai Red Curry:

## Is Thai Red Chicken Curry Spicy?

The first thought that comes to mind seeing a bright red curry with sliced
chilies is that itâ€™s going to blow oneâ€™s brains out with the heat. On the
contrary, Thai red curry has a good balance of - spiciness, sweetness,
sourness, with subtle notes of seafood flavor.

The right word to define the red curry is - _**umami**_. But if you are not
accustomed to tolerating even low - medium level spicy food, it's highly
recommended to **taste the red curry cautiously**.

## How to make vegan Thai Red Curry?

Vegan Thai curry is what you should make when you just have too many
vegetables at home. All you need to do is cut the vegetables in chunks, add
tofu for protein, skip the fish sauce and voila you have the perfect formula
for a delicious, vegan red curry.

### Love Thai Curry? Try These Thai Recipes:

**Chicken Pad Thai (Flat Rice Noodles)**

**Thai Green Curry Soup**

**Thai Pineapple Chicken Curry**

**Thai Sweet Chilli Sauce**

Pin

**For more such fun recipes in your life  subscribe to our weekly newsletter
or follow us on Instagram**

> _If you try this recipe and love it, please leave a comment and a rating.
> This helps us grow and reach many other food lovers like you, who are
> looking for a perfect tried and tested recipe.  _

Pin

## Thai Red Chicken Curry Recipe

Thai Red Chicken Curry is an insanely delicious, gluten-free chicken curry
with a lot of vegetables and coconut milk. Learn how to make Red Thai Curry at
home from scratch.

5 from 2 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Main Course

Cuisine: Chinese

Prep Time: 20 minutes

Cook Time: 25 minutes

Total Time: 45 minutes

Servings: 4 adults

Calories: 481kcal

Author: Hina Gujral

  * Chinese Wok

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

### Ingredients

#### Red Curry Paste:

  * â–¢ 2 tablespoon Thai red curry paste

#### Meat & Vegetables:

  * â–¢ 250 gram bite-size boneless chicken pieces
  * â–¢ Â½ Cup  chopped red onion
  * â–¢ Â¼ Cup french beans, cut into one-inch pieces
  * â–¢ Â¼ Cup diced button mushrooms
  * â–¢ Â¼ Cup cherry tomato, cut into halves
  * â–¢ Â¼ Cup diced red bell peppers
  * â–¢ â…“ Cup baby corn, cut into one-inch pieces

#### Other Ingredients:

  * â–¢ 4 Tablespoon cooking oil
  * â–¢ 2 Cup coconut milk
  * â–¢ 1 Teaspoon fish sauce
  * â–¢ 1 Teaspoon rice vinegar
  * â–¢ 1 Teaspoon light soy sauce
  * â–¢ 1 Tablespoon light brown sugar
  * â–¢ 1 teaspoon brown sugar
  * â–¢ Salt to taste
  * â–¢ 2 - 3 kaffir lime leaves or lemon zest
  * â–¢ 2 one-inch the stalk of lemongrass (optional)
  * â–¢ 1 - 2 Thai birds eye chili
  * â–¢ Â¼ Cup fresh basil leaves

### Instructions

#### Prep Work For Curry:

  * Clean, wash and pat dry the chicken pieces. Cut all the vegetables. Set aside. 

#### Prepare Curry:

  * Heat the oil in a wok or large saucepan over medium flame. Add chopped onion and saute for 1 - 2 minutes. No need to brown the onion. 

  * Stir in the curry paste and cook for 3 - 5 minutes or till oil starts separating from the paste. 

  * Add chicken pieces. Stir-fry till chicken pieces are nicely roasted and turn pale white in color. Add 1 - 2 tablespoon of coconut milk if the curry paste is sticking to the wok or burning. 

  * Add the lemongrass, fish sauce, vinegar, soy sauce, sugar, and half the amount of coconut milk. Stir to combine and cook for 1 - 2 minutes.

  * Then add the remaining coconut milk along with kaffir lime leaves, lemongrass, basil, red chili, vegetables, and stir to combine. Taste and season with salt accordingly. 

  * Add Â½ cup chicken/seafood stock or water if the curry seems too thick. 

  * Bring slowly to the boil, then reduce the heat to low and simmer, uncovered, for 6 - 8 minutes or until chicken and vegetables are cooked.

  * Stir the curry a few times while it cooks, to stop it sticking and to keep the chicken submerged.

#### Serve Curry:

  * Garnish the curry with fresh basil leaves, and sliced red chili. 

  * Serve Thai Red Chicken Curry warm with jasmine rice.

### Recipe Notes:

  * If you live in a place where the Thai herbs required for the dish arenâ€™t available, **try the subsitutes** I have shared in the article above. 
  * You can use the homemade red curry paste or the readymade paste. **Real Thai Red Curry Paste, Blue Elephant, Mesri and Ayam** are few of my favorite red curry paste brands.
  * Feel free to add **vegetables of your choice** along with the meat/seafood/vegan protein in the curry. 
  * The **consistency of the curry** can be adjusted as per your liking. Some like it thick and saucey, while others may prefer soupy. Add the stock or water accordingly. 
  * Skip adding red chilli in the curry if you do not want to make it spicy as the curry paste also has certain amount of spiciness to it. 
  * Always **taste the curry and then add salt** accordingly. Because fish sauce, soy sauce, and curry paste has some amount of salt. Otherwise, you might end up with over-salted curry. 

### Nutrition

Serving: 1portion size | Calories: 481kcal | Carbohydrates: 16g | Protein: 17g
| Fat: 41g | Saturated Fat: 23g | Cholesterol: 40mg | Sodium: 293mg |
Potassium: 628mg | Fiber: 2g | Sugar: 7g | Vitamin A: 1745IU | Vitamin C: 26mg
| Calcium: 44mg | Iron: 4mg

For Behind The Scene updatesSubscribe to our newsletter!

### You might also like:

Instant Pot Spaghetti Aglio Olio

Corn Salsa Recipe

20 Minute Stir Fry Maggi Noodles

Veg Chinese Chop Suey Recipe

Get an exclusive newsletter about Behind The Scene Story.

SUBSCRIBE NOW

We follow a strict NO SPAM Policy

Share with your friends!

70

SHARES

TwitterFacebook70PinterestTelegramWhatsAppYummly

Â« Aate Ka Halwa (Kada Prasad)

4 Protein-Packed Indian Thali Â»

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. tinku shaji says

August 30, 2013 at 9:07 am

Looks so yumm and creamy

Reply

    * FunFoodand Frolic says

September 04, 2013 at 12:37 pm

I have yet not tried the Green curry so may be that's next on my list ðŸ™‚

Reply

  2. Praveen Kumar says

August 30, 2013 at 10:21 am

Yummy

Reply

  3. Namrota says

September 04, 2013 at 6:01 am

Oh wow â€¦ that looks yummylicious ðŸ˜€

Reply

  4. Deeba PAB says

September 04, 2013 at 12:29 pm

YUM! I made Thai green curry last week. Must try this one soon!

Reply

  5. CA says

January 31, 2021 at 2:55 am

Really cool recipe. It was amazing

Reply

    * Hina Gujral says

February 01, 2021 at 11:36 am

thank you so much!

Reply

### Leave Your Rating & Comment Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Î”

## Primary Sidebar

## Follow Me

  * 

**Hello, Iâ€™m Hina Gujral**.

Banker to Blogger. Married to a like-minded food lover. Mother of a food
critique  **pug â€“ MOMO**.

More about me â†’

* * *

### Reader Favourites

  * Eggless Atta Cake Recipe

  * Eggless Rava Cake Recipe

  * 30 Everyday Indian Meals

  * Eggless Orange Cake Recipe

  * Corn Salsa Recipe

  * Instant Khaman Recipe

## Footer

â†‘ back to top

Newsletter | Privacy Policy| About

Â© Copyright **Fun Food Frolic** 2021

