https://christieathome.com/blog/fish-ball-noodle-soup/


  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * Asian Recipes
    * By Region
      * Chinese
      * Filipino
      * Indonesian
      * Japanese
      * Korean
      * Malaysian
      * Singaporean
      * Taiwanese
      * Thai
      * Vietnamese
    * By Course
      * Mains
      * Breakfast
      * Dessert
      * Appetizers/Sides
      * Beverages
      * Snacks
  * Shop
  * Subscribe
  * ABOUT
    * Work with Me
  * Search

menu icon

subscribe

search icon

Search

  * Asian Recipes
  * Shop
  * About
  * Newsletter Subscription
  * Work with Me

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

Ã—

Home Â» Recipes Â» Appetizers/Sides Â» Fish Ball Noodle Soup

# Fish Ball Noodle Soup

Last Modified: February 12, 2021 \- Published by: christieathome \- Comments:
3 Comments

Jump to Recipe Print Recipe

Fish Ball Noodle Soup. Thick chewy udon noodles swimming in a warm chicken
broth accompanied with bouncy delicious fish balls, bok choy, bean sprouts,
mushrooms and green onions. A quick meal idea for lunch or dinner. Ready in
less than 15 minutes.

Itâ€™s been super cold here in Canada (thank you polar vortex!) and I feel like
my hands are going to fall off as I type this blog post! So the best way to
warm up is with a delicious savoury udon noodle soup with fish balls and
veggies! In fact, whenever I am frigid cold I will make myself something soupy
and with one sip I am instantly warm again!

## Easy to make!

I love making this fish ball noodle soup recipe for me and my husband. Itâ€™s
incredibly quick and super easy especially if have you fish balls in the
freezer. Now Iâ€™m going to clear, I wonâ€™t be teaching you how to make fish
balls, there are plenty of online recipes for that. But I am going to teach
how you this meal and mainly how to season that broth so itâ€™s extra delicious!

## So comforting!

Thereâ€™s something very comforting about noodles in soup. It really brings me
back to my childhood when my mom would make us noodle soup often. She knew I
had very poor circulation so sheâ€™s always trying to get me to eat warming
foods. She had her own version of noodle soup as well and hers was a
vermicelli with protein and veggies.

But the best part was her broth, it was always so flavourful because it was
homemade. My mom ainâ€™t the type to use store bought broth because A) itâ€™s
costly B) she really enjoys making things from scratch to control the
ingredients. But today, I want to make this recipe easy peasy so feel free to
use store bought broth or homemade! Whatever you have on hand.

## Is fish ball soup healthy?

It definitely can be if you use quality ingredients and fish balls with simple
ingredients that you can recognize. You can also pack this noodle soup with
lots of veggies to make it even healthier!

## What fish is fish ball made from?

Itâ€™s usually made from Pollock or Cuttlefish.

## How long do fish balls last?

Usually 5 days after the package has been opened. Tip: freeze the rest and
itâ€™ll last for months until freezer burn forms!

## Do I have to use udon noodles?

No, feel free to use any noodles you have on hand! The broth really pairs well
with most noodle types.

## What does udon noodle mean?

Itâ€™s a thick chewy wide Japanese noodle made of wheat flour and is often used
in Japanese cuisine.

## Do udon noodles have egg?

No, they contain wheat, flour, and water

## Other recipes you may like!

CHAR SIU  
UDON CARBONARA  
WONTON NOODLE SOUP  
MUSHROOM UDON SOUP NOODLES  
ROSE SHRIMP UDON NOODLES  
SESAME SAUSAGE UDON STIR-FRY  
FISH CAKE UDON STIR FRY  
STIR FRIED VEGETABLE TOFU UDON

## For this recipe

You will need the following ingredients for this easy fish ball noodle soup
recipe:

  * 8-10 fish balls, or as many as desired
  * 2-4 frozen udon cakes (reduce to 2 if you prefer a smaller serving)
  * 1 stalks green onions, finely sliced (optional garnish)
  * 2-3 cups Bok Choy, sliced into half
  * 1 cup bean sprouts, washed
  * 150 grams seafood mushrooms, washed

##### Fish ball noodle soup base **:**

  * 2 cups chicken broth
  * 2 cups water
  * Â½ tbsp soy sauce
  * 2 tbsp oyster sauce
  * 1 tsp rice mirin
  * Â½ tsp sesame oil
  * 1 tsp garlic minced
  * 1 stalk green onion, finely sliced

## How to make fish ball soup with noodles

  1. In a medium size pot filled with water, bring it to a boil. Lower your frozen udon noodle cakes into the hot boiling water and loosen. Once loosened, about 30-40 seconds, strain immediately. Any longer and the noodles will go soggy. Divide the noodles and transfer to serving bowls.
  2. In the same pot, fill it with your soup ingredients and mix. Bring to a boil.
  3. Then add fish balls and allow them to boil for 8 minutes, uncovered.
  4. As your fish balls are boiling in the soup, add bok choy, seafood mushroom and bean sprouts and blanch until both ingredients are cooked, about 2 minutes for bok choy and seafood mushrooms, and 1 minute for bean sprouts. Remove veggies with a slotted spoon. Divide the veggies and place them over top of your udon noodles.
  5. Remove the fish balls, divide the portion and place over top of noodles.
  6. Lastly, divide and pour your soup into each bowl of noodles and garnish with green onions (optional). Serve hot and enjoy! If you want the soup saltier, add 1 tbsp more of oyster sauce.

## Give it a try!

Well I hope you give my Fish Ball Noodle Soup recipe a try! It always excites
me when you guys make my recipes and I hope this is one you try.

Thanks for visiting my blog! If you enjoyed this recipe for fish ball noodle
soup, please share it with your family and friends or on social media! Take a
picture if you've made my recipe and tag me on Instagram @ChristieAtHome in
your feed or stories so I can share your creation in my stories with credits
to you!

## **M** ade this recipe and loved it?

#### **If you could leave a star rating for my **homemade fish balls noodle
soup** , I would greatly appreciate it ðŸ™‚ Thanks so much!**

Take care,  
Christie

#### * _This post contains affiliate links. As an Amazon Associate I earn from
qualifying purchases. I also earn from qualifying purchases through additional
affiliate programs_

## Easy Fish Ball Noodle Soup (15-min. Recipe)

christieathome

Fish Ball Noodle Soup. Thick chewy udon noodles swimming in a warm chicken
broth accompanied with bouncy delicious fish balls, bok choy, bean sprouts,
mushrooms and green onions. A quick meal idea for lunch or dinner. Ready in
less than 15 minutes.

5 from 4 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Cook ModePrevent your screen from going dark

Prep Time 5 mins

Cook Time 10 mins

Total Time 15 mins

Course dinner, lunch

Cuisine asian, Chinese, Japanese

Servings 2 large servings

Calories 1923 kcal

### Ingredients

  

1x2x3x

  * 8-10 store-bought fish balls  or as many as desired
  * 1000 grams udon noodle reduce to 2 if you prefer a smaller serving
  * 1 stalk green onion finely sliced (optional garnish)
  * 2-3 cups Bok Choy sliced into half
  * 1 cup bean sprouts washed
  * 150 grams seafood mushrooms divided up and washed

#### Fish ball noodle soup base:

  * 2 cups chicken broth
  * 2 cups water
  * Â½ tbsp regular soy sauce
  * 2 tbsp oyster sauce
  * 1 tsp rice mirin
  * Â½ tsp sesame oil
  * 1 tsp garlic minced
  * 1 stalk  green onion finely sliced

### Instructions



  * In a medium size pot filled with water, bring it to a boil. Lower your frozen udon noodle cakes into the hot boiling water and loosen. Once loosened, about 30-40 seconds, strain immediately. Any longer and the noodles will go soggy. Divide the noodles and transfer to serving bowls.

  * In the same pot, fill it with your soup ingredients and mix. Bring to a boil.

  * Then add fish balls and allow them to boil for 8 minutes, uncovered.

  * As your fish balls are boiling in the soup, add bok choy, seafood mushroom and bean sprouts and blanch until both ingredients are cooked, about 2 minutes for bok choy and seafood mushrooms, and 1 minute for bean sprouts. Remove veggies with a slotted spoon. Divide the veggies and place them over top of your udon noodles.

  * Remove the fish balls, divide the portion and place over top of noodles.

  * Lastly, divide and pour your soup into each bowl of noodles and garnish with green onions (optional). Serve hot and enjoy! If you want the soup saltier, add 1 tbsp more of oyster sauce.

NOTES

Enjoyed my recipe?Please leave a 5 star review (be kind)! Tag me on social
media @christieathome as I'd love to see your creations!

###

Suggested Equipment & Products

Medium Size Pot 2.4 Qt

Measuring Set

Cutting Board

Santoku Knife

Oyster Sauce

Keyword easy fish ball noodle soup, easy fish ball noodle soup recipe, fish
ball noodle soup base, fish ball noodle soup recipe, homemade fish balls
noodle soup, how to make fish ball soup, how to make fish ball soup with
noodles, recipe for fish ball noodle soup

###### Nutrition

Calories: 1923kcal | Carbohydrates: 348g | Protein: 107g | Fat: 18g |
Saturated Fat: 1g | Cholesterol: 63mg | Sodium: 7735mg | Potassium: 1110mg |
Fiber: 30g | Sugar: 50g | Vitamin A: 3263IU | Vitamin C: 59mg | Calcium: 132mg
| Iron: 3mg

## Suggested Products

Â« Folded Kimbap

Curry Fried Fish Â»

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Heidi | The Frugal Girls

February 15, 2021 at 3:56 pm

  
Your suggestions for changing up the flavors were so helpful! I really like
the versatility of this recipe.

Reply

  2. Katherine | Love In My Oven

February 15, 2021 at 9:57 pm

  
It is SO cold here!! What a warm and comforting dish. This would certainly
warm me up!

Reply

  3. Rosemary

February 24, 2021 at 1:02 pm

  
As soon as I read thick and chewy udon noodles I was sold! I am a big fan of
the thick noodles in Asian food !

Reply

### Enjoyed my recipe? Leave a rated review! Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Î”

## Primary Sidebar

**Hello! My name is Christie.** I enjoy sharing Asian recipes from around the
world. So that you can make them from the comfort of your own home. In my
spare time, I enjoy spending it with my wonderful husband and two pups.

More about me â†’

## Footer

### Follow Me

  * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

## Footer

â†‘ back to top

### Home

  * Home
  * Asian Recipes
  * Shop
  * Privacy Policy

### Newsletter

  * Sign Up!

### Contact

  * About
  * Work with Me

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright Â© 2021 **Christie at Home**

