https://www.chinasichuanfood.com/fish-ball-soup/


  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar

# China Sichuan Food

menu icon

  * Recipe Index
  * By Date
  * Newsletter
  * Pantry
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

search icon

Search

  * Recipe Index
  * By Date
  * Newsletter
  * Pantry
  * About

*   * Facebook
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * YouTube

×

Home » Recipes » fish and seafood

# Fish Ball Soup

March 3, 2018 by Elaine 9 Comments | Jump to Recipe

  * Facebook
  * Pinterest602

Easy soup with dried seaweed and traditional fish balls. I have made a large
batch of fish balls and they turn out so amazing and so much better than
previous ones, so I get the possibility to make a small groups of dishes with
fish balls. The most common usage for fish balls is to make curry fish balls
or cook some with soups, either noodle soup or pure soups.

Dries seaweed (紫菜) is a popular soup ingredient in Chinese cuisine with a
quite long history. It is considered as the best plant source of umami. So the
soup combines the plant umami and protein. Usually, we make seaweed with egg
drops. Within only 15 minutes, we can present a pot of yummy soup for our
family members.

Combining seaweed and fish meat in a soup is believed to be the most smart way
of enjoying plant umami and protein umami. Although a few common ingredients
are called in the soup, it produces a rich flavor.

### Ingredients

  * 20 fish balls, store bought or homemade fish balls
  * 4g dried seaweed
  * 2l water
  * ¼ tsp. white pepper
  * 1.5 tsp. salt
  * 1 tbsp. sesame oil
  * 1 tbsp. light soy sauce
  * 1 thumb ginger, smashed and cut into small sections
  * 1 cup of chopped green onion and coriander

### Steps

Get a large soup pot, add water and ginger. Bring to a boil.

Slow down the fire and gently put the fish balls in. Heat until boiling with
medium fire and then simmer for 20 minutes over slowest fire so the flavors of
the fish balls can influence the water.

Turn up the fire and add dried seaweed in.

Boil for another 2 minutes. Turn off fire, add white pepper, light soy sauce,
salt and sesame oil. Serve with chopped green onion and coriander.

## Fish Ball Soup

Traditionally Chinese seaweed and fish ball soup

5 from 3 votes

Print Pin Rate

Course: Soup

Cuisine: Chinese

Keyword: Fish Ball

Prep Time: 15 minutes

Cook Time: 10 minutes

Total Time: 25 minutes

Servings: 3 serving as soup

Calories: 108kcal

Author: Elaine

### Ingredients

  * 20 fish balls ,store bought or homemade ones
  * 4 g dried seaweed
  * 2 l water
  * ¼ tsp. white pepper
  * 1.5 tsp. salt
  * 1 tbsp. sesame oil
  * 1 tbsp. light soy sauce
  * 1 thumb ginger ,smashed and cut into small sections
  * 1 cup of chopped green onion and coriander

### Instructions

  * Get a large soup pot, add water and ginger. Bring to a boil.

  * Slow down the fire and gently put the fish balls in. Heat until boiling with medium fire and then simmer for 20 minutes over slowest fire so the flavors of the fish balls can influence the water.

  * Turn up the fire and add dried seaweed in. Boil for another 2 minutes. Turn off fire, add white pepper, light soy sauce, salt and sesame oil.

  * Serve with chopped green onion and coriander.

### Nutrition

Calories: 108kcal | Carbohydrates: 3g | Protein: 11g | Fat: 5g | Saturated
Fat: 1g | Cholesterol: 25mg | Sodium: 1298mg | Potassium: 243mg | Vitamin A:
330IU | Vitamin C: 6.3mg | Calcium: 49mg | Iron: 0.9mg

« Vegetable Noodle Soup

Red Bean Paste »

### You may also like

## How to Make Kimchi at Home

January 7, 2016

## Saliva Chicken—Mouthwatering Chicken

April 6, 2015

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Maureen

April 18, 2018 at 7:17 am

  
I make this over and over. It is so easy and delicious, especially with the
fish balls from the asian market! Thank you for sharing your skill and
expertise! The photos really help and your English is outstanding.

Reply

    * Elaine

April 18, 2018 at 3:51 pm

Hi Maureen，  
Thanks for trying and lovely feedback.

Reply

  2. Andy

September 12, 2019 at 3:44 am

Can whiting be used?

Reply

    * Elaine

September 12, 2019 at 8:43 pm

Andy,  
Sorry I cannot give an accurate answer. I never cooked with whiting and have
no idea about it's features.

Reply

  3. Marlene Lester

April 29, 2020 at 2:22 am

  
OMG! This is delicious!! that being said, as much as I hate when someone
reviews a recipe and changes, or substitutes almost every
ingredient........all I did was add a little roasted shrimp broth to the water
(because I had it). and I'm sure it made it a little different, most of the
recipe is yours and it is simple, quick and amazing!

I've had these fish balls in the freezer for a while and since soup season is
ending soon, here in GA, I wanted to go ahead and do something with them.
Can't wait for dinner now!

Reply

    * Elaine

May 06, 2020 at 7:28 am

Marlene!  
Thanks so much for your wonderful comment, made my day really. I get lots of
struggling about simple and home friendly recipes and complicated recipe which
can show skills. Then in the past two years, I tried very hard to introduce
simple and home cooking friendly recipes and then simplify the complicated
ones. I want to show how to cook delicious Chinese food for beginners, even
not good at cooking! You know me, really. You know me.

Reply

  4. A_Boleyn

September 05, 2020 at 9:34 am

This looks like a delicious pot of soup. I recently came home from the grocery
store with a package of fish balls and i'd like to make it but I DO have a
question about the type of seaweed that I can use. I have some dried wakame
seaweed in the pantry. Do you think it would be suitable?

Reply

  5. Kaloy

February 04, 2022 at 4:48 pm

is there alternative to dried seaweed? or can I opt out not putting one?

Reply

    * Elaine

February 15, 2022 at 9:28 am

You can use mushrooms or other ingredient which can contribute to the umami of
the soup.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

## Primary Sidebar

### Hi, Welcome!

Please not be limited by site name, as Elaine shares Chinese recipes beyond
Sichuan dishes. Know me more from  About Page

  * Facebook
  * Google+
  * Instagram
  * Pinterest
  * Twitter
  * YouTube

### Find Recipes

Search

##  Email List

Subscribe Our Email list to get updates and recipes

## Footer

↑ back to top

  * Privacy Policy. Disclaimer. About. Hot Pot cookbook

As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.

Copyright © 2022 ChinaSichuanFood.com | All Rights Reserved

  *   * 

