https://dailycookingquest.com/bok-choy-and-fish-ball-soup.html


Daily Cooking Quest

  * About
  * All Recipes
  * Asian Pantry
  * Indonesian Pantry
  * Indonesian Kitchen

Home / All Recipes / Chinese / Bok Choy and Fish Ball Soup

# Bok Choy and Fish Ball Soup

Last updated: Mar 3, 2021 -- Published: Jun 7, 2013 -- By: Anita -- 14
comments

> A quick and easy Chinese soup using bok choy, silken tofu, and fish balls.
> It only needs 30 minutes from start to finish. Serve it with rice for a
> complete meal.

  *  __
  *  __
  *  __

#### Bok choy and fish ball soup.

Back in my college days, I lived in a small town with grocery stores that sell
a limited array of Asian food ingredients, but luckily bok choy, tofu, and
fish balls were easy enough to come by.

Using those ingredients, I prepared this simple bok choy and fish ball soup.
It is easy to cook this soup, even back when I just started learning to cook.
And even when bok choy was unavailable, I could easily substitute with napa
cabbage or other Chinese greens.

A bowl of this hot soup plus steamed white rice is usually enough to cheer me
up considerably, especially during cold winter months. â¥

#### Ingredients for bok choy and fish ball soup: bok choy, fish balls, silken
tofu, garlics, scallions, carrots, and tomatoes.

## Ingredients for bok choy and fish ball soup

To prepare this bok choy and fish ball soup, we will need:

  * 1 lb bok choy
  * 1 lb silken tofu
  * 1 lb fish balls
  * 1 lb carrots
  * 1/2 lb tomatoes
  * 3 cloves garlic
  * 3 tablespoons oil
  * 3 scallions
  * 6 cups chicken stock

When bok choy is not in season, you can use other Chinese vegetables. My
favorite substitutes are napa cabbage, gai lan, and yu choy.

Instead of silken tofu, you can use medium-firm, firm, or even extra-firm
tofu. I love using silken tofu in soups, but there is nothing wrong with using
other tofu varieties.

As for fish balls, you may also spot shrimp balls, squid balls, beef balls, or
other meatball varieties in the frozen section of your Asian grocery store.
Feel free to replace fish balls with another meatball variety.

#### (1) Boil chicken stock and add bok choy stalks, carrots, and tomatoes.
(2) Fry garlic until golden brown. (3) Once bok choy stalks turn translucent,
add fish balls and bok choy leaves. (4) Add tofu, scallions, garlic and garlic
oil.

## How to cook bok choy and fish ball soup

 **1\. Prep work**

  * wash and drain bok choy and separate the stalks from the leaves
  * peel the carrots and cut them into thin slices
  * cut each tomato into 8 wedges
  * cut silken tofu into 1/2-inch cubes
  * mince garlic cloves
  * thinly slice scallions

 **2\. Cooking guide**

Boil chicken stock in a soup pot. Add carrots, tomatoes, and bok choy stalks
into the pot and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 10 minutes.

Fry garlic and oil in a frying pan until golden brown. Transfer both fried
garlic and its oil to a bowl and set aside to cool.

 _Alternatively, combine garlic and oil in a microwave-proof bowl. Microwave
for 2-3 minutes until the garlic turns golden brown._

Once bok choy stalks turn translucent, add fish balls and bok choy leaves into
the soup pot. Return to a boil and cook for another 3-5 minutes.

Add tofu, scallions, fried garlic, and garlic oil to the soup pot. Remove from
heat and serve the soup immediately.

#### Transfer bok choy and fish ball soup to soup bowls and serve immediately.

## Bok Choy and Fish Ball Soup

 __________ 4.9 from 10 reviews

Author: Anita Jacobson

Categories: Soup

Cuisine: Chinese

Ingredients: Seafood Tofu Vegetables

Prep Time: 15 mins

Cook Time: 15 mins

Total Time: 30 mins

Serves: 8

Print Recipe

### Ingredients

  * 6 cup chicken stock
  * 450 gram (1 lb) bok choy, separate stalks from leaves
  * 450 gram (1 lb) carrots, peeled and thinly sliced
  * 225 gram (1/2 lb) tomatoes, cut into wedges
  * 450 gram (1 lb) fish balls
  * 450 gram (1 lb) silken tofu, cubed
  * 3 cloves garlic, minced
  * 3 tablespoon oil
  * 2 scallions, thinly sliced

### Instructions

  1. Boil chicken stock in a soup pot. Add carrots, tomatoes, and bok choy stalks into the pot and bring to a boil. Reduce the heat and simmer for 10 minutes.
  2. Meanwhile, fry garlic and oil in a frying pan until golden brown. Transfer both fried garlic and its oil to a bowl and set aside to cool.  
 _Alternatively, combine garlic and oil in a microwave-proof bowl. Microwave
for 2-3 minutes until the garlic turns golden brown._

  3. Once bok choy stalks turn translucent, add fish balls and bok choy leaves into the soup pot. Return to a boil and cook for another 3-5 minutes.
  4. Add tofu, scallions, fried garlic, and garlic oil to the soup pot. Remove from heat and serve the soup immediately.

## Related recipes

### Hot and Sour Fish Soup

### Sup Sayur Asin, Tahu, dan Bakso - Pickled Mustard Green Soup with Tofu and
Fish Ball

### Bean Curd, Ginkgo Nuts, and Barley Sweet Soup

### Dan Hua Tang - Egg Drop Soup with Shrimp, Tofu, and Shiitake

## Comments

  * Estor David says:

June 5, 2017 at 07:22 pm

It's a helpful idea's for Cook's like me thnx

 __________

Reply

  * Erin says:

March 23, 2019 at 05:45 am

Can the fish balls be from frozen or do they need to be thawed?

Reply

    * Anita says:

March 23, 2019 at 11:05 am

Erin, you can use frozen fish balls. The cooking time might need to be longer.
Just make sure to cook until the fish balls look plump, and if needed, double
check that they are cooked. :)

Reply

  * Ellen says:

April 27, 2021 at 03:56 am

This is a great quick meal with ingredients on hand! Itâs also kid friendly
too :) My daughters love fish ball soup!

 __________

Reply

  * Sheena says:

May 14, 2021 at 09:23 am

What would be the nutritional information be for this dish? or where could I
find it?

Reply

    * Anita says:

May 14, 2021 at 10:16 am

I use a recipe nutrition calculator and it returns 167 calories per serving.

Reply

  * Pamela Vodopier says:

June 6, 2021 at 04:43 pm

I just love this recipe, thanks for sharing

 __________

Reply

  * Melissa says:

August 11, 2021 at 09:16 pm

Simple and easy, perfect for winter! Thanks

 __________

Reply

  * malissa says:

December 14, 2021 at 07:02 pm

Easy and quick to do. Thanks much for sharing that.

 __________

Reply

  * Keri says:

March 18, 2022 at 04:55 am

Loved this recipe. So simple and flavorful. Thank you!

 __________

Reply

  * Eliza says:

March 18, 2022 at 04:59 am

What a special recipe! I LOVE bok choy, and am always looking for new ways to
enjoy it. This soup sounds really tasty! Thanks for another winner from Daily
Cooking Quest.

 __________

Reply

  * Nathan says:

March 18, 2022 at 05:06 am

I've not cooked with fish balls before, but this soup looks absolutely
incredibly and so flavorful. Can't wait to give it a try myself!

 __________

Reply

  * Mariana says:

March 18, 2022 at 10:13 am

Thanks for sharing this awesome recipe I love it and it was easy and fast to
do it when you have all the ingredients on hand.

 __________

Reply

  * Anjali says:

March 29, 2022 at 03:30 pm

This dish was so hearty and satisfying! Perfect for the colder spring evening
we had tonight!

 __________

Reply

### Leave a comment

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment

Rate this recipe:

1

2

3

4

5

Name *

Email *

Website

  

1

2

3

4

5

Post Comment

Thank you! Your comment is awaiting moderation.

Something went wrong...

__

### Categories

  * Bread 30
  * Dessert 138
  * Drink 40
  * Main Dish 248
  * One Dish Meal 44
  * Sauce 39
  * Snack 64
  * Soup 82
  * Vegetarian 183

### Cuisines

  * Chinese 244
  * Indonesian 352
  * Japanese 120
  * Korean 16
  * Malaysian 20
  * Thai 20

### Ingredients

  * Beef 58
  * Chicken 172
  * Egg 69
  * Noodles 14
  * Pork 65
  * Rice 45
  * Seafood 75
  * Tofu 76
  * Vegetables 232

### AS FEATURED IN

###  Hi, I am Anita!

I am a Chinese Indonesian currently living in Minnesota with my husband. Have
fun exploring my 700+ authentic and easy Indonesian and Chinese recipes. Read
about Daily Cooking Quest __

  * About
  * All Recipes
  * Asian Pantry
  * Indonesian Pantry
  * Indonesian Kitchen
  * How to Start a Blog

### Free Recipe E-Books!

Join our mailing list to receive TWO free cookbooks and updates on the latest
recipes.

Subscribe

 ____________

Copyright (C) 2022 Daily Cooking Quest

about privacy policy

