https://www.taste.com.au/recipes/coriander-fish-ball-noodle-soup/d70cd1cb-85b0-482f-abb5-379b661f6738


Log In | Sign Up

Recipes Dinner Quick & Easy Healthy Baking Entertaining Soup Week Food News
Video Win!

More

  * Soup Week
  * Food News
  * Video
  * Win!

# Coriander fish ball noodle soup

  * _15m_ prep
  * _32m_ cook
  * _4_ servings 

5

Save Recipe

61 people saved this

1 person made this

This aromatic soup with fish balls and noodles is hearty enough to satisfy as
a main meal.

A

Annette Forrest

413 calories per serve

Allergens: Recipe may contain yeast, fish and soybean.

More nutrition information >

Join taste to view  unlimited recipes

No payment required - put your wallet away!

Continue with Google  Continue with Facebook  Continue with Email

Already have an account?  Log In

  * 12 Ingredients 
  * 5 Method Steps 

#### 12 Ingredients

  * 6 cups Massel chicken style liquid stock 

  * 3cm piece fresh ginger, peeled, sliced 

  * 2 whole star anise 

  * 2 tbsp soy sauce 

  * 2 tsp brown sugar 

  * 750g boneless white fish fillets, skin removed, roughly chopped 

  * 1/2 cup fresh coriander leaves, chopped 

  * 1 tsp finely grated lime rind 

  * 1 garlic clove, crushed 

  * 250g dried rice-stick (pad Thai) noodles

  * 100g snow peas, trimmed, finely sliced 

  * fresh coriander leaves, to serve 

  * Select all ingredients 

Add to shopping list

#### 5 Method Steps

  * Step 1

Place stock  (6 cups Massel chicken style liquid stock), ginger  (3cm piece
fresh ginger, peeled, sliced), star anise  (2 whole star anise), soy sauce  (2
tbsp soy sauce) and sugar  (2 tsp brown sugar) in a saucepan. Bring to the
boil over high heat. Reduce heat to low. Simmer, covered, for 15 minutes or
until slightly reduced.

  * Step 2

Meanwhile, place fish  (750g boneless white fish fillets, skin removed,
roughly chopped), coriander  (1/2 cup fresh coriander leaves, chopped), lime
rind  (1 tsp finely grated lime rind), and garlic  (1 garlic clove, crushed)
in a food processor. Season with salt and pepper. Process until combined. Roll
heaped tablespoons of mixture into balls.

  * Step 3

Place noodles  (250g dried rice-stick (pad Thai) noodles) in a heatproof bowl.
Cover with boiling water. Stand for 5 to 7 minutes or until tender. Using a
fork, separate noodles. Drain.

  * Step 4

Strain stock mixture into a bowl. Return to pan over medium heat. Add fish
balls to stock mixture. Cook, stirring, for 8 to 10 minutes or until cooked
through. Add snow peas  (100g snow peas, trimmed, finely sliced). Cook for 1
minute or until tender.

  * Step 5

Divide noodles between bowls. Ladle soup, snow peas and fish balls over
noodles. Top with coriander  (fresh coriander leaves, to serve). Serve.

#### Did you make this?

I MADE THIS

1 person made this

Tell us what you think of this recipe!

Rate Now

Save Recipe

61 people saved this

#### NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION

### Nutrition per Serving

%Daily Value#

Nutrition information and Health Score does not include ingredients listed as
to serve or any serving suggestions.

Nutrition information is calculated using an ingredient database and should be
considered an estimate.

# The % daily values indicates how much of a nutrient in a food serving
contributes to a daily diet, based on general nutritional advice for a diet of
2100 calories a day.

* Health Scores are calculated on a 1-10 scale based on nutrient density and USDA (global standard) recommendations for a healthy diet. A higher Health Score indicates a healthier recipe. The value is based on the impact of macronutrients and micronutrients in the recipe.

Image by Ben Dearnley

##  Popular on Taste

  1. 90 recipes

### Pumpkin soup recipes

  2. ### Every tray bake dinner you've ever needed

  3. ### 100 back-to-school dinners for when you're out of ideas

  4. 814 recipes

### Beef mince recipes

  5. 507 recipes

### Slow cooker recipes

  6. ### These are our most popular dinner recipes with a high health score rating

  7. ### 101 extremely lazy dinners for when you're out of ideas

  8. 1,379 recipes

### Latest recipes

### comments & ratings

Login to join the conversation. Don't have an account? Sign up

View More

### Subscribe to our weekly newsletter.

Get a weekly round-up of the latest recipes,  
dinner ideas & tips from Australia's #1 food site

A note about relevant advertising

We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this
site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on
our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural
Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices,
including how to opt-out here. Taste may receive an affiliate commission if
you buy through our links. Learn more.

Copyright 2022 NewsLifeMedia all rights reserved

  * Privacy Policy
  * Relevant Ads Opt-Out
  * Cookie Policy
  * About us
  * FAQ
  * Advertise
  * Legal Notices
  * Contact us
  * Code of conduct

