https://www.scmp.com/cooking/recipe/quick-and-easy-chinese-fish-ball-noodle-soup/article/3027050


##### SCMP Cooking

Quick and easy Chinese fish ball noodle soup

A member of the SCMP family

Directions

0

/0

Filter

* * *

View Result

  1. Home 

  2. The Chef's way 

Video series with Hong Kong's top chefs

  3. Cooking Tips 

Learn the basic techniques from the best

  4. My Bookmarks 

Find us on

Chinese

#  Quick and easy Chinese fish ball noodle soup

Easy

30

mins

1 hour

to prepare homemade seafood stock if none on hand

4

people

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * WhatsApp
  * Messenger
  * Email
  * 

* * *

Susan says

I eat a lot of fresh shrimp so it's rare that I don't have shrimp stock in my
freezer. After peeling the shrimp, store the shells and heads in an airtight
container in the freezer. When you have a sufficient amount, put them in a
pot, add enough water to cover, bring to the boil then lower the heat and cook
at a low simmer for an hour. Strain the ingredients through a colander placed
over a bowl. Cool the stock and cool to room temperature, then put it into
containers and freeze.

If you don't have any shrimp stock in your freezer, substitute instant dashi
stock, made with dashi bags (they look like tea bags, and can be found at
shops selling Japanese products). Soak two dashi bags in 600ml hot water, then
remove the bags and use the liquid.

I know you can get this dish at any number of Hong Kong-style noodle shops,
but I also like to eat it in the comfort of my own home. It's easy enough to
make because you can buy the fish balls, seafood balls and fish paste (usually
made of carp) from Chinese grocery shops. I also like to add fresh shrimp to
the noodles - just remember, after peeling them, to freeze the heads and
shells for your next batch of stock.

After boiling the shrimp roe noodles, the cooking water will have a lot of
flavour. Instead of pouring it down the drain, add the liquid to the shrimp
stock. You should also boil all the fishballs, seafood balls and the fresh
shrimp in the stock, so by the time you ladle the broth over the noodles, it
is so flavourful you might not need to add any salt.

Ingredients

4 bundles (60g/2oz each)

shrimp roe noodles (I prefer the wide ones)

600g (21oz)

shrimp stock, thawed if frozen

200g (7oz)

fresh fish paste

10g (â oz)

fresh coriander

Â¼tsp

finely ground white pepper

4 each of three types

fishballs (or fish cake) and/or seafood balls, defrosted, if frozen

12-16, with bodies about 8cm (3Â¼in) long

fresh shrimp

3-4

spring onions

6-8

Chinese yellow chives

a handful

bean sprouts

fine sea salt, to taste

coriander leaves for serving

chilli oil (optional)

Directions

Roughly chop 10gÂ (â oz) of fresh coriander and mix it and the ground white
pepper with the fish paste. Peel the shrimp. Cut the spring onions into 5mm
(Â¼Â in) pieces, and the yellow chives into 3cm (1Â¼in) lengths.

1/7

Bring a medium-sized pot of water to the boil, add the shrimp roe noodles and
boil until al dente. Put a colander over a large bowl and drain the noodles,
reserving the cooking liquid. Divide the noodles between four large soup
noodle bowls.Â

2/7

Pour a litre (1 quart) of the noodle cooking liquid into a saucepan and add
the shrimp stock.

3/7

Bring the noodle cooking liquid and shrimp stock to a simmer. Add the
fishballs, fish cake and seafood balls and cook until they float to the
surface, then place one of each kind on top of the noodles.

4/7

Use small spoons to scoop the fish paste into 12 oval balls directly into the
simmering broth and cook until they float to the surface. Distribute them
between the soup noodle bowls. Add the peeled shrimp to the broth and simmer
until they curl and turn pink and opaque. Divide them over each portion.

5/7

Taste the broth for seasoning and if needed, add some salt.

6/7

Add the bean sprouts and yellow chives to the simmering broth and cook for 30
seconds. Ladle the broth, bean sprouts and yellow chives over the noodles and
other ingredients in the bowls. Add some coriander leaves and serve
immediately, letting each diner add chilli oil, if they want it.

7/7

Chinese  Lunch  Noodles  Shellfish  Easy

* * *

Liking this recipe?

Now you can save the recipe you into your own collection.

Sign up to our newsletter

Fresh recipes straight to your inbox. A curated collection of Asian dishes to
make at home.

Thanks, you're on the list!

Error, please try again later.

Please enter a valid email address.

By registering, you agree to our T&C and Privacy Policy.

Find us on facebook

Join our community and get the latest recipes from all over Asia for you to
make at home.

##### SCMP

### SCMP Cooking

Find us on

* * *

About UsTerms & ConditionsPrivacy Policy

Â© 2022 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd.Â All rights reserved.

  * Facebook
  * Twitter
  * WhatsApp
  * Messenger
  * Email
  * 

#####  Welcome to SCMP Cooking

* * *

We'll be showing you a whole range of Asian dishes for you to cook at home.
We're starting small but are thinking (and planning) big - we'll be adding
recipes to the site every week, and will expand to include international
dishes, cooking videos, interviews with famous chefs and much more. Be sure to
sign up to receive our weekly newsletter!

Thanks, you're on the list!

Error, please try again later.

Please enter a valid email address.

By registering, you agree to our T&C and Privacy Policy.

