https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/145572/thai-spicy-basil-chicken-fried-rice/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Main Dishes
  4. Rice
  5. Fried Rice Recipes
  6. Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

# Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.6

197 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 147 
  * 4 star values: 39 
  * 3 star values: 4 
  * 2 star values: 6 
  * 1 star values: 1 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 197 Ratings 
  * 137 Reviews 
  * 42 Photos 

This is a staple of Thai cooking. Adjust the spices to your own tastes for a
really great use for leftover rice!! I get the basil from a local Asian
market. It has a different flavor than that of regular basil and makes all the
difference in this recipe. It is fast and fairly easy to make, but requires
constant stirring.

Recipe by ErinInVegas

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Read the full recipe after the video.

Add Photo

Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice Hungrymom13

Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice Joey Rubin

Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice Chris Farrell

Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice Yo

\+ 38 38 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

30 mins

cook:

10 mins

total:

40 mins

Servings:

6

Yield:

6 servings

Nutrition Info

close up view of Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice topped with a fried egg
on a plate

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

6

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 6 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 3 tablespoons oyster sauce 
  * 2 tablespoons fish sauce 
  * 1 teaspoon white sugar 
  * ½ cup peanut oil for frying 
  * 4 cups cooked jasmine rice, chilled 
  * 6 large cloves garlic clove, crushed 
  * 2 serrano peppers, crushed 
  * 1 pound boneless, skinless chicken breast, cut into thin strips 
  * 1 red pepper, seeded and thinly sliced 
  * 1 onion, thinly sliced 
  * 2 cups sweet Thai basil 
  * 1 cucumber, sliced (Optional)
  * ½ cup cilantro sprigs (Optional)

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Whisk together the oyster sauce, fish sauce, and sugar in a bowl.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Heat the oil in a wok over medium-high heat until the oil begins to smoke. Add
the garlic and serrano peppers, stirring quickly. Stir in the chicken, bell
pepper, onion and oyster sauce mixture; cook until the chicken is no longer
pink. Raise heat to high and stir in the chilled rice; stir quickly until the
sauce is blended with the rice. Use the back of a spoon to break up any rice
sticking together.

  * Step 3

Remove from heat and mix in the basil leaves. Garnish with sliced cucumber and
cilantro as desired.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

794 calories; protein 29.1g; carbohydrates 116.4g; fat 22.1g; cholesterol
46.1mg; sodium 469.1mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (137)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Carey

Rating: 5 stars

12/22/2007

I am a connoisseur of Thai Basil Chicken dishes, and this recipe is my
favorite with a few modifications. I added 2 tblsp soy sauce to the
oil/pepper/garlic after frying a bit. You should also add the fish/oyster
sauce at this point before adding the other ingredients or it won't absorb
evenly into the food - you'll probably get some bites that taste fishy. I also
halved the oyster and fish sauce since the smell was...well..terrifying. With
that amount it added perfectly to the flavor but wasn't a noticeable/dominant
taste at all (no one would know it is in there). It's important to use fresh
garlic. I also prefer to chop the chicken after slicing (or use ground
chicken) so it absorbs more of the flavor. The hardest thing about this recipe
is finding the Thai basil (different from Italian), I found it in an Asian
market. You can substitute stir fry or wide rice noodles for the rice if you
prefer. If you use wide rice noodles, it's best to chop them up a bit so they
absorb the flavor. Wonderful recipe - I'm so excited I found it! This will be
a weekly recipe in my house!

Read More

Helpful (176)

### Most helpful critical review

ARDay

Rating: 2 stars

10/02/2011

Rice was too wet for my liking. Perhaps too much oil.

Read More

Helpful (6)

197 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 147 
  * 4 star values: 39 
  * 3 star values: 4 
  * 2 star values: 6 
  * 1 star values: 1 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Carey

Rating: 5 stars

12/22/2007

I am a connoisseur of Thai Basil Chicken dishes, and this recipe is my
favorite with a few modifications. I added 2 tblsp soy sauce to the
oil/pepper/garlic after frying a bit. You should also add the fish/oyster
sauce at this point before adding the other ingredients or it won't absorb
evenly into the food - you'll probably get some bites that taste fishy. I also
halved the oyster and fish sauce since the smell was...well..terrifying. With
that amount it added perfectly to the flavor but wasn't a noticeable/dominant
taste at all (no one would know it is in there). It's important to use fresh
garlic. I also prefer to chop the chicken after slicing (or use ground
chicken) so it absorbs more of the flavor. The hardest thing about this recipe
is finding the Thai basil (different from Italian), I found it in an Asian
market. You can substitute stir fry or wide rice noodles for the rice if you
prefer. If you use wide rice noodles, it's best to chop them up a bit so they
absorb the flavor. Wonderful recipe - I'm so excited I found it! This will be
a weekly recipe in my house!

Danielle

Rating: 5 stars

07/14/2008

Yummy! I'm a vegetarian who doesn't eat fish products--so I substituted fish
sauce for soy sauce, and substituted oyster sauce for a mushroom stir-fry
sauce I bought at an asian market. Instead of chicken, I added some delicious
fried tofu. Great recipe!

Casey_27

Rating: 5 stars

11/15/2010

This is a great recipe. Here are my recommended changes: 1) Use 4 to 8 Thai
"bird's eye" chili peppers instead of serranos. 2) Add the bell pepper when
the chicken and onion are nearly done cooking so it won't overcook. 3) You can
change the flavor of this dish a lot depending on when you add the fish/oyster
sauce. Add it before the chicken and it will lose most of its characteristic
Thai flavor. Add it a couple minutes after the chicken and you will keep some
of the fishy Thai flavor. Or, add it with the rice as instructed here and you
retain a lot of the fishy flavor!

tnarladni

Rating: 5 stars

03/13/2009

I did what one reviewer suggested and added the fish sauce and oyster sauce in
the oil for a bit before adding the chicken. This is an old trick my mom uses
to take the strong fish smell out of the fish sauce. I also had to add two
extra cups of rice since it was quite wet. I'll have to try seafood or beef
next time. Excellent dish!

Shookie

Rating: 5 stars

09/30/2008

This recipe had very genuine thai flavor. Instead of sugar I substituted a bit
of honey and only used a drizzle of oil to cut back on the fat. I also used
brown rice and added a few handfuls of sugar snap peas to increase the serving
size without increasing the calories by much. Excellent recipe and I can't
wait to share it with all of my friends

Christina Martin

Rating: 4 stars

02/17/2010

As is, this recipes is just so-so. With a few modifications, it can be great!
I use soy sauce instead of oyster sauce and I add a few extra tablespoons of
it - but that's just a personal choice. What makes a HUGE difference is using
real Thai chilis instead of serrano peppers. I personally use five chilis, but
I like it REALLY hot so normal people may want to use 2 or 3. I also cut the
oil in half, added 1/4 tsp of salt, and added sliced shitake mushrooms.
Awesome!

thegman

Rating: 5 stars

02/16/2012

This recipe is easily one of my very favorite things to cook! All my friends
LOVE and RAVE about it! I cook this in my giant, propane, outdoor wok that I
bought from Bass Pro Outlets...cooking on it is quite a show for friends! I
prep all the veggies in advance so when I'm ready, I just throw everything in
(in specific order of course!) I've made the following changes to an already
outstanding recipe: I add more sauce (9 tablespoons oyster sauce, 6
tablespoons fish sauce and 3 teaspoon white sugar). I add 2 chunks of finely
chopped ginger with the garlic. I also add sliced carrots, mushrooms and diced
scallions. I scramble 6 eggs in advance and add them at the end. I
occasionally substitute scallops or tofu for chicken. WOW this is great!!
Everyone I've made this for wants the recipe!! (I can't figure out how to give
this 10 stars, so I'll have to give it only 5!)

chefk4

Rating: 5 stars

11/14/2007

This recipe was easy to make and it was very tasty. It is close to the dish I
usually order at the Thai restaurants.

Erin Carr

Rating: 5 stars

09/07/2008

Excellent! Took another reviewers advice and added 2 T of soy sauce and added
extra chili peppers - we like it hot. Will make again and again!

ragina filange

Rating: 5 stars

03/10/2009

My family loved this recipe! I could not find sweet Thai basil so I just used
the Italian kind. Also I will use less oil next time.

ARDay

Rating: 2 stars

10/02/2011

Rice was too wet for my liking. Perhaps too much oil.

Goody2shz

Rating: 5 stars

03/06/2011

This was really delicious. I didn't have fresh basil so I used dried. I also
used one tiny Thai bird chili pepper instead of the serrano peppers and it was
plenty spicy for us. I also used ground turkey instead of chicken. Came out
exceptionally good! The oyster sauce and fish sauce really make it, and the
cilantro as a finishing touch was sublime.

sirmixwell99

Rating: 5 stars

12/11/2011

For a healthier version, I cut the oil in half and use olive oil and brown
rice instead. I also use a package of firm tofu in the mix. Additionally, I'll
use extra vegetables such as mushrooms, tomatoes, and bean sprouts in the
final phase of cooking. Garnish with lime and a side of Sambal and this dish
is set!

JRose

Rating: 5 stars

01/09/2012

Delicious and quick! So easy, even my husband (who hates to cook) can make it,
and so flexible that we can use basically any little bits of meat and veggies
leftover in the fridge to fill it out.

dmd

Rating: 5 stars

11/21/2010

Brilliant - quick - Delicious!

Saveur

Rating: 5 stars

06/28/2010

We loved, loved, loved this recipe. Such a fresh and flavorful dish. I made
exactly as written with just a couple of exceptions...I started by boiling my
jasmine rice in a tomato/chicken broth, and I added fresh tomato slices and
tons of fresh basil and cilantro to the dish. This was as good, if not better,
than anything I've had in a Thai restaurant. Next time I might add a little
spicy ground pork, too. Sincere thanks for sharing this recipe with us, Erin,
I'll use it often.

dailyn

Rating: 5 stars

04/19/2009

This recipe is awesome. the only changes that I made was that instead of
regular onion I make it with green onions. I have made this recipe at least
five times now. Thank you for submitting this recipe.

Siobhan

Rating: 5 stars

12/20/2010

My family loved this!!! And we are pretty harsh food critics.....I did modify
as a few of the reviewers suggested. I added two Tablspn of soy sauce and
added the sauce to the wok before the meat. I used the Thai chili peppers
instead of the serrano and I did half chicken and half shrimp. I will use a
little less oil next time. It seemed a tad much. Also, hunan chili sauce is a
great addition if you want to add more spice....but careful, chili sauce is
hot so add a very small amount to start!!!

traconl4

Rating: 5 stars

01/04/2012

yumm! super easy too!

Violet34

Rating: 5 stars

06/29/2011

We love this and make it quite a bit. It is a staple dish for us these days.
It has enough heat for the die-hards and yet even wimps like me can enjoy
it!TONS of flavor!

Cocoa

Rating: 5 stars

11/09/2010

I substituted the chicken with shrimp and followed the rest of the recipe
without any deviation and it was a smash hit. Easy to follow directions and
simple recipe is a win win for me. Thanks for sharing.

Vanners

Rating: 5 stars

10/09/2011

My husband and I LOVE this recipe! We add some fish sauce to our cooking water
for our rice (we use a rice cooker) and it adds A LOT of flavor to the rice
when you fry it. And, make sure your rice is chilled or else it turns out
mushy, but still VERY TASTY!

MRSLAURIE84

Rating: 4 stars

06/11/2010

Very tasty. Made just like the recipe and found nothing lacking.

JAMES528

Rating: 4 stars

01/12/2011

Delicious! Only change was using Sriacha sauce instead of serrano peppers
(didn't have any) and adding just a touch of soy sauce at the end. Will
definitely make this again and again.

Nikki J. Roman-Gerena

Rating: 5 stars

04/03/2008

Great recipe.

mikedialect

Rating: 4 stars

04/30/2012

I thought this was excellent. Real thai chilies do make a big difference. I
wouldn't use any other chilies. I use grape-seed oil when I make any fried
rice as it's near impossible to find peanut oil where I live currently. I've
made this several times with slight modifications to taste (spicy spicy! and
more fish sauce) and I definitely dig it.

Melanie Hagewood Willhite

Rating: 5 stars

07/18/2011

This was very tasty!

Karen

Rating: 5 stars

09/16/2011

This recipe is great! Tastes amazing just like in the restaurant!

Kara Regan

Rating: 5 stars

02/28/2010

It was our first time cooking thai and was delicious. I wanted it a little
spicer though!

Greg Rader

Rating: 4 stars

09/20/2011

Very good, reminded me of a similar dish from my favorite Thai place. I think
next time I'll cut back a little on the oyster sauce/fish sauce, as it tasted
a little fishy for my palate. Also, I cut back on the serranos when I made it,
and I think that detracted from the overall flavor, so unless you're really
timid about heat, leave the peppers alone!

harrisoncs

Rating: 5 stars

09/17/2011

Followed this recipe exactly except substituted tofu cubes for chicken.
Delicious!! I agree with ErinInVegas, the Thai basil makes all the difference.

Sandra

Rating: 5 stars

01/13/2011

One of my very favorite recipes. The type of basil is important.

Molly

Rating: 5 stars

08/03/2011

excellent recipe. Have made it with tofu and that is equally good. The other
modification I made one of the many times I've made this was to use quinoa
instead of rice, makes for a delicious dish and you can eliminate the chicken
when using quinoa.

Jen

Rating: 5 stars

11/02/2010

Absolutely wonderful! So delicious and good! I added celery and shredded
carrots to mine to add a little more vegetables - it was still delicious.

merlion

Rating: 4 stars

08/18/2012

Very flavourful and really easy to whip up! The only complaint I have is that
I found it a little bit on the salty side - if you are not a salty food fan, I
might suggest reducing the fish sauce. Other than that, great flavours and the
thai basil was a delightful addition to the overall taste of the dish. I grow
my own thai basil... I bought the plant from Lowe's.

SHOCKLEY1

Rating: 5 stars

02/06/2009

Delicious and tastes like it was served in a Thai restaurant. The only change
I made was omitting the oyster sauce and did 3T of fish sauce. Also added
about 1T of soy sauce. Yummy!

Leah

Rating: 5 stars

06/08/2009

I was searching for recipes to use up some of the thai basil from my garden
and I found this one. It is an excellent dish with amazing flavor!

Jeannette Hallerman

Rating: 5 stars

10/25/2010

Amazing. My husband had plans to go out for dinner with a friend and was
actually wishing he wasn't going out when he smelled and tasted this dish as I
dished it out for the kids. I couldn't find oyster sauce at the market, so
used 1 tbsp red curry paste and 1tsp sesame oil instead. I will keep looking
for oyster sauce and try again.

StacyWC

Rating: 5 stars

07/17/2010

My husband is raving about this dish. I paired it with Thai cucumber salad and
tweaked the recipe by adding shrimp, soy sauce and additional oyster sauce. I
will be making this again!!

Janet N John Wolfe

Rating: 4 stars

02/19/2009

Great receipe...we love it! Saves us a trip to eat out when we crave Thai.

4SKYFRY

Rating: 4 stars

04/03/2008

This recipe is FANTASTIC!! Do not leave out the basil!

HEROMAINE

Rating: 3 stars

06/12/2009

hmm. i've made this before, using a very similar recipe, and LOVED it but
something was missing in this. it was good, but not sure it was worth all the
prep work. not sure why the rice needs to be chilled first b/c the end result
is just like i took the chicken mixture and mixed it with jasmine rice that
i'd just cooked - in other words, there's nothing "fried ricey" about it, imo.
maybe it needed more spice? i used chile paste instead of serrano peppers, but
i've done that before and it was great... i'll keep playing with the leftovers
& see if i can find the "missing" ingredient!

je1004

Rating: 5 stars

07/29/2011

Simple and delicious! Additional tips: I would marinate the chicken in corn
starch water for 10-15 mins to tenderize the meat. Add the peppers after the
chicken is nearly cooked so it doesn't become soggy.

zunaira

Rating: 5 stars

03/05/2009

Excellent recipe! i couldnt find any thai basil so i just used the one i could
find..so fragrant!! also, i didnt have serrano peppers on hand, so used
chopped jalapenos. i added some chili sauce (siracha) to the sauce and some
more later. also, i didn't have a red pepper so just used green. The blend of
flavors was deelicious!!

The Oven Mitts

Rating: 4 stars

09/17/2009

Next time I will use a little less of the peanut oil but overall this is an
excellent recipe!

carol

Rating: 5 stars

08/28/2017

As good as any restaurant. Love it.

ANJOULEME

Rating: 5 stars

02/24/2011

I lament not being able to find Thai Basil in Iowa in the winter, but other
than that I followed the directions implicitly. Awesome flavor and just the
right amount of heat. I will definitely do this again (maybe with a wee hint
of curry. Hmmmm).

FELECHIA

Rating: 5 stars

05/06/2014

This has become a favorite. Easy to make and super good. I substitute the
white sugar for 2 tbsp brown, it gives it more of a Thai taste, and substitute
the serrano peppers for 1-2 tbsp chili paste (Oelek) but you could use more or
less depending on your taste for spice. I just use Minute Rice but make it the
night before. It's VERY important that the rice is cold when it goes in.
Thanks ErinInVegas, this is super good stuff.

claireschmieder

Rating: 2 stars

06/03/2011

I followed this recipe exactly - I wasn't crazy about it. The fish sauce gave
it an unpleasant aftertaste.

FIREDRILL96

Rating: 4 stars

04/15/2010

I will definately add more peppers, my family loves everything spicy! I didn't
have time to cool the rice before I made it, and it made a big difference...
Don't make the same mistake! The flavor was great, I always add extra garlic
so I think that helped some too... If you make the rice ahead of time, and
keep packaged frozen chicken breasts in the freezer, it makes for a really
quick meal. Great for my busy family that is always on the run!

Comotrekker

Rating: 5 stars

02/01/2009

This was totally worth the chopping (which really was not that much.) I hit
our local Asian market for the ingredients, but I also saw that everything
needed can also be found at the big-box grocery stores, too. Since we have
kids, I omitted the serrano peppers and they cleaned their plates! And my
hubby had thirds! That's a huge hit in our house!! I think we are going to try
and do this with some kind of seafood next time. Great recipe - thank you so
much.

Sarah Panovec

Rating: 5 stars

08/08/2009

for such a simple recipe this is fantastic. Don't skimp on the Thai basil. I
agree though it's not especially "spicy"

Lori K. Bogren

Rating: 5 stars

11/10/2010

Everyone loved this!! I did have Thai basil (yum!)...so the only change I had
to make was to use canola oil instead of peanut oil. Will make again...maybe
with shrimp?

mommyluvs2cook

Rating: 4 stars

06/29/2017

I liked this a lot and so did my family! I do feel like something was missing.
Couldn't put my finger on it though. Regardless, we enjoyed!!

acsauser

Rating: 5 stars

02/15/2009

Excellent dish! I've never cooked with fish sauce or oyster sauce before and
their pungent smells on their own had me doubting whether the rice dish would
turn out okay. It was fabulous! I added the cilantro and cucumber. My husband
would have liked a little more spice or "kick" to it. It was not spicy at all.

candle2003

Rating: 5 stars

10/20/2010

Loved it! Made it without chicken, but kept the recipe the same. I also
scrambled an egg before starting this recipe, took it out and added it back in
right before adding the basil. Thai basil is completely different from regular
basil- completely worth finding (readily available in Asian stores). I added
sliced mushrooms, frozen peas, and chopped fresh spinach. Garnished with green
onions. Yumm!

Nicole

Rating: 5 stars

04/18/2011

It was awesome to make one of my favorite restaurant dishes and have it turn
out succesfully - and for much cheaper cost! This will become a regular event
at my house. My only problem was that my grocery store didn't have serrano or
thai chili peppers, so I bought dried arbol peppers from the mexi aisle. Used
10 that I had soaked in water and chopped up, but it wasn't spicy enough so I
added a tsp of korean chili paste. Next time I will try soaking the peppers in
the oil that I fry with so that I do not lose any of the heat of the pepper to
the water. Also, to add some healthy stuff I added a bag of stir fry veggies
from the produce aisle - Fantastic! Just a note, if you are like me and do not
have a wok - do not try to increase amount of rice - my pan didn't really fry
the rice like it should have so it was a little greasy feeling, I think that
it would have been okay if I had a larger heat surface like the wok. That
being said, I did reduce the amount of oil, 1/4 cup fine with the veggies
since as they cook they add their own liquid.

tara

Rating: 5 stars

04/22/2017

Delish!

Valorie

Rating: 4 stars

10/25/2009

Yum. Like others mentioned, I cut down the oil by half- it was more than
enough. It could definitely use a tablespoon of soy sauce, or to taste. The
Thai Basil is important to use instead of Italian (common) basil. We found
ours at an Asian grocery, along with the fish and oyster sauces. The fishy
smell of the sauces goes away as you stir-fry, so don't worry about it. I was
a little freaked out about it at first, and everything was fine. Our Fav Thai
restaurant recently burned down :( and this was my husband's favorite dish
from there. It's very similar to the restaurant's dish. I think there is still
something missing though but I can't put my finger on what.

popgoesthekitty

Rating: 5 stars

03/04/2012

super bomb!! i used brown rice and it worked great!

BreadNButter

Rating: 5 stars

01/09/2010

I made it with prawns instead of chicken, and no spicy peppers, so good!

Doralee

Rating: 5 stars

07/23/2008

Wonderful recipe! My favorite Thai resturant here in Atlanta taste EXACTLY the
same as this recipe. I did modify one thing to get the same taste. I bought a
small can of oysters to use just the juice instead of the fish sauce and
oyster sauce. I moved to Idaho & mourned not being abe to get this food. Sure,
the other Thaii resurants HAD Thai Basal Chickeken but NOT THE delious Thai
Chili Resturant Thai Basal Chicken here in Atlanta. Thanks so much!

cmkronberg

Rating: 5 stars

09/05/2009

This recipe is very similar to a dish my husband and I had at King and I Thai,
a restaurant in Minneapolis. There, our waitress recommended adding fried eggs
to the dish; it's the way their cook serves the staff in the kitchen. She
served them over top of the rice with soft yolks. We love the dish this way
and it allows to leave out the chicken for a vegetarian meal.

lysakerr

Rating: 5 stars

08/27/2014

Love this dish!! Tastes amazing! The only thing I did different was use Hoisin
sauce instead of oyster sauce and I used regular basil. Couldn't find the Thai
variety! Awesome meal!

Chris Farrell

Rating: 5 stars

03/28/2021

Delicious recipe! I added a tablespoon of sesame seed oil with the peanut oil,
two eggs when adding the chicken and bell pepper, and a tablespoon of Thai red
chili paste once the rice absorbed the sauce. Like ordering an 8 out of 10 at
a Thai restaurant.

KellyStar

Rating: 5 stars

03/24/2009

This is the first Thai recipe I have tried that was simple and really tasted
authentically Thai and not like an American trying to make Thai food. It was a
big hit. 2 modifications I used that the reviewers suggest: 1/2 the peanut oil
and add the oyster sauce mix and stir before adding the chicken and veggies
instead of after. For vegetarians, tofu would be a simple substitution for
chicken.

Katt

Rating: 5 stars

05/10/2011

We eat Thai food every week, and this did not disappoint! Added a bit of chili
oil in with the peanut oil and a bit of soy to the fish/oyster. Great!

kmo25

Rating: 2 stars

12/04/2009

The oyster sauce in this recipe was overwhelming and made it far sweeter than
the recipe we are used to at our local Thai place. Next time, I will probably
eliminate the oyster sauce and replace it with 2 Tbls soy sauce as another
reviewer suggested. I will also cut the oil by at least half, finely chop/dice
the chicken, and increase the basil.

mrsmacias121704

Rating: 5 stars

08/19/2010

I made this wonderful fried rice for my family and it was a GREAT RECIPE!!! I
will be making it again...and again...and again! I altered the recipe
(slightly): I used ORGANIC JASMINE BROWN RICE (which gave it a delicious nutty
flavor!) I added more veggies then it called for (green beans, carrots,
mushrooms and 3 different colored bell peppers). I didn't add the chicken as I
grilled and served on the side. I didn't have Thai basil, so I used regular
basil instead. My family loved it and we ate it for several meals.

Emily Noland

Rating: 5 stars

02/16/2009

This was a great recipe! I love it with shrimp and beef too!!!!!

ThaiFoodLover

Rating: 2 stars

11/30/2009

I cooked this dish and it was very bland, even though I added more spicy
ingredients than it said to. I have ordered this dish many times in Thai
restaurants and it has never come out as bad as this recipe.

KristaBoo

Rating: 4 stars

07/21/2010

Loved it! I was short on time so I substituted the rice for couscous, and used
chili sauce instead of the serrano peppers (I didn't have any). Will
definitely make this again.

phoebecat

Rating: 5 stars

02/08/2012

Delicious and easy. I had leftover wonton filling (ground pork, scallion, soy
sauce, sesame oil) that I used instead of chicken, plus I used Thai chilis in
place of the serrano. Otherwise, I followed the recipe to a T. Easy and quite
authentic tasting, much like the rice I remember eating in Thailand. Thai
basil, though hard to find, is the key to its authenticity.

Tony Cardinali

Rating: 5 stars

08/25/2013

Iovethis.

patty per

Rating: 5 stars

07/24/2015

Put in shrimp

Mako

Rating: 5 stars

02/23/2017

Despite other suggestions on cutting down on the fishy sauce, I kept with the
recipe and everything tasted great! Although I had a lot of rice left over (3
cups would do just fine). I wish I would've added more ingredients like green
beans and mushroom to add more variety in the dish, but otherwise I loved it!

RastaFairyAnn

Rating: 5 stars

06/08/2012

Cook the rice 'al dente', not soft, and be sure to REFRIGERATE it. That's the
secret. Use enough oil to coat all the rice grains, which may be less than the
recipe calls for if your add-ins are oily. Even if you mess it up, this is
sure to be a hit in your home because you adjust to your local tastes and
markets. Just watch the proportions and you're good.

SHENA

Rating: 5 stars

06/12/2012

Amazing!! Now I don't have to spend a ton of money going to the Thai
Restraunt. I left off the oyster sauce, I agree Thai basil is a MUST. You can
find it at your local Asian Market or and Internationl Market. I'll make this
again and again

Radhika

Rating: 5 stars

06/02/2016

I put less oil and only 1 tablespoon of oyster sauce and 1 table spoon of fish
sauce but added about 3 to 4 tablespoons of soy sauce. I am a vegetarian so I
didn't try it but all my family loved it.

larry

Rating: 5 stars

05/07/2020

Perfect! Didn’t change anything. Added the sauce with the peppers, and was
exactly what I wanted for flavor. Wouldn’t change a thing.

ang

Rating: 5 stars

10/08/2013

This was delicious! I followed some of the other suggestions such as adding
the sauce mixture with the oil prior to adding chicken, also added an
additional cup and a half of rice to prevent it from being too "wet". I like
really spicy, so in addition I added some Thai chili peppers....what a great
dish! I will be making this often!

Alex Radetic

Rating: 5 stars

01/31/2018

Follow the instructions in the first two most helpful reviews. They will make
for bomb fried rice.

loves2cook

Rating: 5 stars

10/03/2012

This is an outstanding recipe

somphong

Rating: 4 stars

05/22/2016

I usually don't stir fry with rice, rather pour it on top of streamed rice.
Add two crispy sunny-side-ups. Stir fired rice best is best served with sliced
cucumbers, green onions to reduce greasiness and or saltiness.

lori

Rating: 5 stars

07/24/2018

This is such an easy recipe. I used a little less fish sauce and may reduce
again. I also added carrots and snap peas. This was my 2nd time making this
and will be making again I'm sure. Yummy!!

Patty Per

Rating: 5 stars

07/24/2015

Oh my goodness, It's SO DELICIOUS!!! My kids loved it, my Thai friend loved
it, safe to say I will making this more often. Thanks for sharing!

Julie Trombley

Rating: 5 stars

11/10/2020

Loved this recipe! I did modify using leftover turkey breast and brown rice. I
do not care for fish sauce so we eliminated that and added ginger. Wonderful
flavors! I consider the 4 cups of brown rice with veggies as 4 servings. Will
definitely make again.

Jen

Rating: 5 stars

02/25/2017

We loved it. Used tofu instead of chicken.

liveoutloud

Rating: 5 stars

04/07/2020

Great recipe. I’ve made it a few times and everyone loves it.

Dana333

Rating: 5 stars

10/08/2012

This is a great recipe! Easy, pretty quick and very tasty. I wasn't sure I had
Serrano chiles (used green hot ones about 3 inches long and a half inch wide)
and also wasn't sure how you crushed a pepper, but it worked out fine. Don't
skip or subsitute the Thai Basil. Also, I used leftover brown rice and that
worked fine.

Jaye Stovall Akintonde

Rating: 5 stars

01/27/2019

My husband and I ate at a very popular Thai restaurant a couple weeks and had
the Basil Chicken. We loved it. So to find a recipe that received soooooooo
many good reviews, I had to make it. This recipe was so spot on I couldn't
believe it. Most importantly, my husband thinks I'm a genius. Thank you Chef
John!! I'll be making more dishes from your suggestions.

sassygill

Rating: 5 stars

09/09/2012

Turned out great in terms of taste. The jasmine rice was a bit problematic for
me though. So, I'll use another type of rice I'm a bit more familiar with.

Maria Kilgore

Rating: 5 stars

06/23/2018

Terrific recipe -- like I would have in a good Thai restaurant. The only thing
I might do slightly different next time is chiffonade the basil as my family
didn't like the texture of biting into an entire leaf.

Mariama Cooks

Rating: 5 stars

07/22/2020

Oh my! This was so flavorful! I followed the recipe but for adding 2 tbls of
soy sauce as other suggested. The preparation was daunting and several times I
thought this is not going to work but, sticking with the instructions yielded
a fragrant & beautiful dish. It seemed identical to the dish we had at our
favorite Thai restaurant in Charlotte, NC. I will definitely prepare this
again!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

12/29/2018

I tried Sesame Oil instead, so the taste was off. I will try with Peanut oil.

Tyra Marie Love

Rating: 5 stars

06/18/2018

I did have to cook the oyster and fish sauce a little longer in the oil to get
rid of the strong scent, and added a lot more rice to soak up the peanut oil.
This dish came out so perfect and delicious I was so overjoyed. I am a big fan
of this dish I use to eat it all the time at my favorite restaurant in Palo
Alto Ca called Bangkok Cuisine. If you like this dish you will not be
disappointed. Thank you for the recipe

Momblohm

Rating: 5 stars

08/22/2019

I have made this recipe with chicken, I have made it with pork and last night
I made it with scallops. All three were delicious! Easy to make. Love it!

Elisabeth

Rating: 5 stars

02/11/2019

I made this recipe bc I was using what I had at home & it came up when I
searched basil and chicken. Unfortunately I did not have Thai basil, but
fortunately it’s been so long since I had Thai basil that I didn’t miss it.
Substitutions: Sesame oil for peanut oil Cayenne pepper for serranos Low
sodium soy sauce for oyster sauce Green bell pepper for red bell pepper
Leftover yellow rice with onions and peas for the jasmine rice Basil for Thai
basil I don’t usually make substitutions becuase WHY?! but I am happy with how
this came out ??

homesbydestini

Rating: 5 stars

02/17/2016

I was intimidated by Asian cuisine but this recipe was really easy. I follow
the extra advise given by Carey and added soy sauce to the oil/pepper/garlic
after frying a bit and I cut the fish/oyster sauce in 1/2. I also added
mushrooms and green onion to mine. The only issue I had was with my rice.
Jasmine rice takes longer to cook than regular white rice, so we had to wait
an additional 30 mins before adding it to the chicken and veggies. My teenage
kids LOVED it. I think I will try more Asian recipes from this site. Thanks
Carey for the advise!

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

##  All Reviews for Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

Servings Per Recipe: 6  
Calories: 794.1  

% Daily Value *

protein:  29.1g  58 %

carbohydrates:  116.4g  38 %

dietary fiber:  3g  12 %

sugars:  3.6g

fat:  22.1g  34 %

saturated fat:  3.4g  17 %

cholesterol:  46.1mg  15 %

vitamin a iu:  1700.2IU  34 %

niacin equivalents:  19.3mg  149 %

vitamin b6:  0.9mg  56 %

vitamin c:  34.1mg  57 %

folate:  255.9mcg  64 %

calcium:  98.9mg  10 %

iron:  6.1mg  34 %

magnesium:  92.1mg  33 %

potassium:  514mg  14 %

sodium:  469.1mg  19 %

thiamin:  0.7mg  72 %

calories from fat:  198.7

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 137

Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

1 of 42 Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

Hungrymom13

Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

2 of 42 Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

Joey Rubin

Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

3 of 42 Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

Chris Farrell

Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

4 of 42 Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

Yo

Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

5 of 42 Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

Dave Clark

Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

6 of 42 Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

Dining Diva

Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

7 of 42 Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

Randy Brathwaite

Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

8 of 42 Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

Bamako Mom

Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

9 of 42 Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

Cherry Liu

Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

10 of 42 Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

bobbi

Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

11 of 42 Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

chris

Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

12 of 42 Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

Louis Nemec

Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

13 of 42 Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

Monica Bernier

Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

14 of 42 Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

Vivian Li

Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

15 of 42 Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

April

Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

16 of 42 Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

L W

Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

17 of 42 Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

Regina Martinez

Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

18 of 42 Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

Lindsey Mejia

Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

19 of 42 Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

MsYintheKitchen

Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

20 of 42 Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

Ollie Matos

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Thai Spicy Basil Chicken Fried Rice

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

