https://www.cookwithmanali.com/instant-pot-thai-basil-fried-rice/


Skip to content

Menu

  * Home
  * Recipes
  * About
  * Contact
  * 

Signup for free Instant Pot e-book

Home Â» Instant Pot Recipes

# Instant Pot Thai Basil Fried Rice (Vegan)

Posted on September 26, 2019June 8, 2020 by Manali

  * DF
  * EF
  * V

  *   *   * 

Vegan Thai Basil Fried Rice with onion, peppers and cashews and made in the
Instant Pot! This fried rice pairs well with any curry or is great on its own
too!

Jump to RecipeJump to VideoPrint Recipe

Vegan Thai Basil Fried Rice made in the Instant Pot!

This quick and easy fried rice is super flavorful with the aroma of basil, soy
sauce and crunchiness from the cashews.

Pairs well with vegan panang curry or can eat be eaten as such!

_If you love all the Instant Pot vegetarian/vegan recipes that I share on the
blog, please join me on this Facebook Group â€“Instant Pot Vegetarian Recipes.
The group would feature vegetarian instant pot recipes from all around the
web!_

_Disclosure: This post contains affiliate links. For more information on my
Affiliate and Advertising Policy, please clickhere._

It looks like I am currently in the "Thai Basil" phase. No, seriously look at
the amount of recipes using Thai Basil I have shared in the last few weeks.

This Thai Basil Tofu Stir-Fry, Vegan Panang Curry and many more!

Well, I can't help! It's just so aromatic and I really want to add it to
everything.

So, the other day when I bought a big box of Thai Basil from the Asian store,
I ended up using some to make this Thai Basil Fried Rice.

The inspiration for this recipe comes from a fried rice that we ate at a local
Thai restaurant.

That one had some curry powder too and it was amazing.

I made my own version using lots of Thai Basil and also added lots of cashews
for the crunch.

Sarvesh loves cashews in Asian dishes and I think they go so well with Thai
flavors. Isn't it?

## This Thai Basil Fried Rice

âœ“ is made in the instant pot!

âœ“ flavored with soy sauce and vegetarian oyster sauce

âœ“ packed with Thai Basil and cilantro

âœ“ has a nice crunch from the cashews

âœ“ is vegan and can be made gluten-free

âœ“ pairs well with any Thai curry and is even great as it is!

This Thai Basil Fried Rice recipe is quite similar to the Pineapple Fried Rice
recipe that I shared couple of years back.

I have only flavored this one a little differently.

This fried rice is flavored with soy sauce, hot sauce and vegetarian oyster
sauce.

If you can't find the vegetarian oyster sauce, it's okay you can skip it. Just
add a bit more soy sauce.

But, I have to say the main flavor of this dish comes from the Thai Basil.
Well hence the name of the dish right?

**_I have use tons of basil here! Like really a LOT!_**

If you don't like so much basil flavor, feel free to cut down on it. You can
only use 1/4 cup chopped basil in place of 1/2 cup.

Also do not replace Thai Basil with Sweet Basil. It just won't be the same!

## Can This Rice be Gluten-free?

Yes, absolutely!

Use tamari in place of soy sauce.

And skip the oyster sauce since the one that I used is not gluten-free.



## Method

1- Rinse rice until water turns clear and then add rice to the Instant pot
along with water.

2- Close the lid and press the manual or pressure cook button. Cook on high
pressure for 3 minutes, with the pressure valve in the sealing position.

Let the pressure release naturally for 10 minutes and then do a quick pressure
release.

3- Open the lid and fluff the rice with a fork.

4- Then transfer the rice to another bowl and set aside.

5- Now, press saute the button. There's no need to clean the pot, some rice
will stick around and that's fine.

Once the pot displays hot, add the oil and then add the garlic and ginger.

6- Cook for 2 to 3 minutes until garlic, ginger starts changing color. Add
cashews and cook for 1 minute.

Then add onion, red pepper and green chili. Cook for 2 minutes.

7- Then push veggies to side and add soy sauce, vegetarian oyster sauce and
sriracha.

8- Mix to combine everything together.

9- Add the cooked rice back into the pot.

10- Mix well and add black pepper and salt and toss to combine.

11- Plug off the Instant Pot, add 1/2 cup chopped basil and chopped cilantro.
Mix well until the leaves wilt.

12- Finally add in 1/4 cup whole Thai basil leaves (not chopped).

Stir and serve Thai Basil Fried Rice as such or with any curry of choice!

### Ingredients Used in This Recipe

Vegetarian Oyster Sauce

Soy Sauce

Jasmine Rice

Toasted Sesame Oil

If youâ€™ve tried this Instant Pot Thai Basil Fried Rice Recipe then donâ€™t
forget to rate the recipe! You can also follow me on Facebook and Instagram to
see whatâ€™s latest in my kitchen!

## Instant Pot Thai Basil Fried Rice

Manali

Vegan Thai Basil Fried Rice with onion, peppers and cashews and made in the
Instant Pot! This fried rice pairs well with any curry or is great on its own
too!

5 from 22 votes

Print Recipe Pin Recipe

Prep Time 10 mins

Cook Time 25 mins

Course Sides

Cuisine Thai

Servings 3

Calories 470 kcal

### Ingredients

  * â–¢ 1.25 cups jasmine rice 260 grams
  * â–¢ 1.25  cups water 300 ml
  * â–¢ 1.5 tablespoon toasted sesame oil
  * â–¢ 3-4 large garlic cloves chopped
  * â–¢ 1/2 inch ginger chopped
  * â–¢ 1/3 cup cashews whole & raw
  * â–¢ 1 medium yellow onion chopped
  * â–¢ 1 medium red bell pepper sliced
  * â–¢ 1-2 green chilies sliced
  * â–¢ 2-2.5 tablespoons soy sauce
  * â–¢ 1/2 tablespoon vegetarian oyster sauce
  * â–¢ 1 teaspoon sriracha or to taste
  * â–¢ 1/4 teaspoon black pepper
  * â–¢ 1/4 teaspoon salt or to taste
  * â–¢ 3/4 cup thai basil 1/2 cup chopped and 1/4 cup whole 
  * â–¢ 1/4 cup cilantro chopped

### Instructions



  * Rinse rice until water turns clear and then add rice to the Instant pot along with water.

  * Close the lid and press the manual or pressure cook button. Cook on high pressure for 3 minutes, with the pressure valve in the sealing position.

Let the pressure release naturally for 10 minutes and then do a quick pressure
release.

  * Open the lid and fluff the rice with a fork. Then transfer the rice to another bowl and set aside.

  * Now, press saute the button. There's no need to clean the pot, some rice will stick around and that's fine.

Once the pot displays hot, add the oil and then add the garlic and ginger.

  * Cook for 2 to 3 minutes until garlic, ginger starts changing color. Add cashews and cook for 1 minute.

Then add onion, red pepper and green chili. Cook for 2 minutes.

  * Then push veggies to side and add soy sauce, vegetarian oyster sauce and sriracha. Mix to combine everything together.

  * Add the cooked rice back into the pot.

  * Mix well and add black pepper and salt and toss to combine.

  * Plug off the Instant Pot, add 1/2 cup chopped basil and chopped cilantro. Mix well until the leaves wilt.

Finally add in 1/4 cup whole Thai basil leaves (not chopped).

#### Stove-top Instructions

  * Cook the rice: Rinse the rice until water turns clear. Bring 1.5 cups water to a boil in a saucepan. Add the rice, stir and then lower the heat. Simmer for 10-15 minutes until all water is absorbed. 

Follow rest of the steps as it is in a wok/pan.

### Video

### Notes

  1. This fried rice has a strong Thai basil flavor as I have used tons of it. If you don't want so much basil flavor in the rice, just skip adding the 1/4 cup whole basil leaves in the end. 
  2. If you are making this in a 8qt, you might need to add extra 1/4 cup water while pressure cooking the rice.

### Nutrition

Calories: 470kcalCarbohydrates: 75gProtein: 11gFat: 14gSaturated Fat:
2gSodium: 1047mgPotassium: 376mgFiber: 4gSugar: 5gVitamin A: 1650IUVitamin C:
58.6mgCalcium: 51mgIron: 2.3mg

Tried this recipe?Mention @cookwithmanali or tag #cookwithmanali!

##  52 thoughts on "Instant Pot Thai Basil Fried Rice (Vegan)"

## Comment navigation

Older Comments

  1. **Mary** says:

June 7, 2022 at 5:50 pm

  
I didn't have oyster sauce, so I added more soy sauce. I was also out of
cilantro. It was still great. I cooked it in a wok. Very flavorful, will make
again.

Reply

    1. **Manali** says:

June 10, 2022 at 11:33 pm

glad you liked it, thanks for trying! ðŸ™‚

Reply

  2. **Julie** says:

January 20, 2022 at 5:49 pm

  
My husband and I will be making this meal for the third time tonight -- we
absolutely love it. It's so flavorful and satisfying, and we no longer need to
order overly oily takeout when we get a craving for Thai fried rice. We add
tofu during the sautÃ©ing stage for added protein. Thanks so much for sharing
your recipe.

Reply

    1. **Manali** says:

January 26, 2022 at 12:55 am

thanks for the wonderful feedback Julie!

Reply

  3. **Rasha** says:

September 22, 2021 at 3:21 pm

How would you adjust the cook time for the rice if I were to use brown rice
instead of white rice? I have not had success cooking brown rice in the
instant pot yet but thatâ€™s all I useâ€¦

Reply

    1. **Manali** says:

September 25, 2021 at 10:07 pm

here's how to cook brown rice: https://www.cookwithmanali.com/instant-pot-
brown-rice/

Reply

  4. **Laura C.** says:

September 20, 2021 at 4:09 pm

  
This was DELICIOUS!! I will definitely be making it again!

Reply

    1. **Manali** says:

September 20, 2021 at 7:50 pm

awesome!

Reply

  5. **V.** says:

July 24, 2021 at 9:19 pm

  
My brother made this for me today. It looked good and tasted great!  
I will be telling my mother about it also. Thank you for giving us this
recipe.

Reply

## Comment navigation

Older Comments

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment

Name *

Email *

Website

Î”

### Hi, I'm Manali!

Bringing you easy, delicious vegetarian & vegan recipes! Eating veggies can be
fun, you just need to get creative in the kitchen with the right set of
ingredients!

Meet Manali

  *   *   *   * 

### Signup & Free E-book

Signup and get a free copy of my e-book on 15 Easy Instant Pot Dinner Recipes

### Order My Cookbook

Whether itâ€™s your favorite Indian takeout or the regular lentils and beans,
these 75 new recipes will show you how easy it is to cook your favorite Indian
meal in the Instant Pot.

My Cookbook

## Popular Recipes

## Kadai Paneer

## Punjabi Chole

## Aloo Gobi

## Instant Pot Brown Rice

â€¢ Contact â€¢ Press â€¢ Privacy â€¢ Advertise

Â© 2022 Cook With Manali

