https://www.acouplecooks.com/thai-basil-fried-rice/


Skip to content

A Couple Cooks

  * Recipes
    * All Recipes
    * Dinners
    * Drinks
    * Side Dishes & Salads
    * Desserts
    * Appetizers & Snacks
    * Breakfast & Brunch
    * Essential Recipes
    * Recipe Collections
  * Dinners
    * Everyday Dinners
    * Fast Dinners
    * Special Occasion Dinners
  * Drinks
    * Cocktails
    * Smoothies
    * Coffee, Tea & More
    * Liquor Guides
  * How-To
    * How-To & Ingredient Info
    * Basic Knife Skills
    * Substitutions
    * Seasoning Blends
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Meal Plans
  * More
    * Start Here
    * Podcast
    * Travel
    * Lifestyle

  * Cookbook
  * About
  * Contact
  * Subscribe

Search for

  * Recipes
    * All Recipes
    * Dinners
    * Drinks
    * Side Dishes & Salads
    * Desserts
    * Appetizers & Snacks
    * Breakfast & Brunch
    * Essential Recipes
    * Recipe Collections
  * Dinners
    * Everyday Dinners
    * Fast Dinners
    * Special Occasion Dinners
  * Drinks
    * Cocktails
    * Smoothies
    * Coffee, Tea & More
    * Liquor Guides
  * How-To
    * How-To & Ingredient Info
    * Basic Knife Skills
    * Substitutions
    * Seasoning Blends
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Meal Plans
  * More
    * Start Here
    * Podcast
    * Travel
    * Lifestyle

  * Cookbook
  * About
  * Contact
  * Subscribe

Receive free weekly recipes & inspiration!

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Email *

Sign Up

Privacy Policy & Disclosure

  *   *   *   *   * 

Home ‹ Recipes ‹ Fast Dinner Ideas

# Thai Basil Fried Rice

vegetarian gluten freeJump to Recipe

by Sonja Overhiser

Buy Our Cookbook

**_Thai basil fried rice is a delicious way to use this fragrant herb! Thai
basil infuses a delicate anise flavor into this satisfying dish._**

Got Thai basil? Here's a great way to use it: **Thai Basil Fried Rice**! We
have an abundant Thai basil plant in our garden, along with our Italian sweet
basil. It's got purple stems and a delicate black licorice flavor that's
absolutely irresistible. Add it to fried rice, and it infuses an irresistible
aroma that makes it impossible not to take another bite. It's a great way to
use this herb if you have it on hand! We could not stop sneaking bites of this
one.

## What is Thai basil?

Thai basil is a type of basil with an anise or black licorice flavor that’s
native to Southeast Asia. It has a purple stem, purple flowers, and thin, dark
green leaves. It’s used in Southeast Asian cuisine, including Thai, Cambodian,
Lao, and Vietnamese recipes.

How to use Thai basil in recipes? Try it in this Thai Basil Noodle Bowl, a
spin on a spring roll in bowl form, in Fresh Spring Rolls, or to garnish
Coconut Shrimp Curry. But one of our favorite ways? In this Thai basil fried
rice.

## Ingredients in Thai basil fried rice

Thai basil fried rice is a delicious way to use fresh Thai basil. The dish
itself is a popular mix of cooked rice, egg and vegetables that you'll find in
many Asian cuisines: Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Thai, Cambodian, Indonesian,
and more. This recipe is a spin on our basic fried rice that adds fresh Thai
basil (it's not a traditional Thai-style fried rice). Here fish sauce adds big
savory flavor and pairs well with the Thai basil. You can omit it if you
prefer to keep it vegetarian, but it adds a distinct savory flavor. Here's
what you need for this fried rice:

  * **Veggies: onion, garlic, ginger, carrots, peas**
  *  **Sesame oil**
  *  **Eggs**
  *  **Jasmine rice**
  *  **Soy sauce**
  *  **Fish sauce**
  *  **Thai basil**

## Start with day old rice

The most basic adage when you're making fried rice? **Use day old rice**.
What's the purpose of this:

  * **Freshly cooked rice has a lot of moisture.  **Try using fresh rice in fried rice, it clumps together and turns out soggy.
  *  **Day old rice is dried out**. The grains stay separate and form that signature fried rice texture. Use leftover rice stored up to 5 days in the refrigerator.
  *  **What if you don’t have day old rice?**  Well, we usually forget to cook it in advance. Here's a trick…

## Shortcut: freeze the rice 10 minutes!

Often when we're craving fried rice, we don't have leftover rice on hand.
Here's a little shortcut if you want to make up a fresh pot for this Thai
basil fried rice:

  * **Make the rice**. Here's How to Make Jasmine Rice (or make it in an Instant Pot). 
  * **Spread on a tray and freeze 10 minutes:  **Spread the freshly cooked, steaming rice onto a rimmed sheet pan or tray. Place the tray in the freezer and freeze for about 10 minutes until the grains become cool to the touch. Some might even become frozen: that’s ok! They’ll heat right back up once they hit the pan.

## Vegan variation

Want to make Thai basil fried rice but want it to be plant based? You can
substitute a tofu scramble for the egg! Simply make this Easy Tofu Scramble
before you make the rice, making the pieces of tofu very small. Then make the
rice without the egg, and add the tofu crumbles in the very last step.

## Make it a meal: how to serve Thai basil fried rice

Once you've made up this batch of Thai basil fried rice, how to make it into a
meal? Here are a couple ways to round it out:

  * **Shrimp:** Add shrimp to this recipe (instructions below!) or make Thai Basil Shrimp
  *  **Edamame:** Try this Easy Edamame or Spicy Edamame alongside
  *  **Tofu:** Add a side of Pan Fried Tofu or Easy Marinated Tofu add a hit of plant-based protein
  *  **Broccoli:** Try Simple Sauteed Broccoli or Pan Fried Broccoli with soy sauce
  *  **Spring rolls:** Add some frozen spring rolls for a delicious crunch

## This Thai basil fried rice recipe is…

Vegetarian and gluten-free.

01

### Thai Basil Noodle Bowl

02

### Quick Guide to Thai Basil

03

### Thai Basil vs Basil

Print

clock clock iconcutlery cutlery iconflag flag iconfolder folder iconinstagram
instagram iconpinterest pinterest iconfacebook facebook iconprint print
iconsquares squares iconheart heart iconheart solid heart solid icon

## Thai Basil Fried Rice

* * *

★★★

3 from 1 reviews

  * Author: Sonja Overhiser
  * Prep Time: 10 minutes
  * Cook Time: 10 minutes
  * Total Time: 20 minutes
  * Yield: 4 1x

Print Recipe

Pin Recipe

### Description

Thai basil fried rice is a delicious way to use this fragrant herb! Thai basil
infuses a delicate anise flavor into this satisfying dish.

* * *

### Ingredients

Scale 1x2x3x

  * 1/2 yellow or white onion
  * 2 large garlic cloves
  * 1 tablespoon minced ginger (about 1 inch nub)
  * 2 large carrots
  * 3 tablespoons sesame oil, divided
  * 4 eggs
  * ½ cup frozen peas
  * 4 cups cooked jasmine rice, at least 1 day old or cooled using the shortcut below*
  * ½ teaspoon kosher salt
  * 2 tablespoons soy sauce or tamari
  * 1 teaspoon fish sauce
  * ⅓ cup Thai basil leaves
  * Optional: 1 pound medium small shrimp (size 51 to 60), shelled and deveined, frozen or fresh**

* * *

### Instructions

  1. Mince the onion. Mince the garlic. Mince the ginger. Peel the carrots, then dice them.
  2. In a large skillet or wok, heat 2 tablespoons of the sesame oil medium high. Sauté the carrots and onion for 2 minutes. Add the garlic and ginger and sauté for 1 minute. Stir in the rice, peas and salt for 1 minute.
  3. Push the rice to the side. Add 1 tablespoon more oil. Add the eggs and pinch of salt, and scramble them in for 1 to 2 minutes until cooked through.
  4. Add the soy sauce and fish sauce, if using. Taste and add additional soy sauce if necessary. Heat for a minute or two, stirring, until all rice is coated. Add the Thai basil and turn off the heat, stirring until it wilts. Serve hot.

### Notes

*Trick: If you don’t have day old rice, here’s a shortcut. Make the rice. Then spread it onto a rimmed sheet pan and put it into the freezer. Freeze for about 10 minutes until the grains become cool to the touch. Some might even become frozen: that’s ok! They’ll heat right back up once they hit the pan.

**If serving with shrimp, sauté the shrimp before making the rice: Pat the
shrimp dry. In a large skillet, heat 1 tablespoon sesame oil on medium high
heat. Add the shrimp and cook about 1 minute per side until just opaque cooked
through, turning them with tongs. Sprinkle with ½ teaspoon salt. Remove to a
bowl and set aside while you cook the rice, then add them to the rice when
it's done.

  * Category: Main dish
  * Method: Stovetop
  * Cuisine: Asian inspired
  * Diet: Vegetarian

Keywords: Thai basil fried rice

### Did you make this recipe?

Tag @acouplecooks on Instagram and hashtag it #acouplecooks

Published on August 23, 2021 / Last updated on September 10, 2021

### Categorized In:

  * Dinner Recipes
  * Fast Dinner Ideas
  * Recipes

### Tagged with:

  * Asian
  * Chinese
  * Fried Rice
  * Gluten-Free
  * Rice
  * thai
  * Thai basil
  * Vegetarian

## About the authors

## Sonja & Alex

Meet Sonja and Alex Overhiser: Husband and wife. Expert home cooks. Authors of
recipes you'll want to make again and again.

About Us

Cookbook

### Leave a Comment Cancel reply

Name

Email

Website (optional)

Comment

Recipe rating _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_ _★_ _☆_

Display a Gravatar image next to my comments.

Δ

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is
processed.

###  2 Comments

  1. **Sid** says:

August 29, 2021 at 7:17 pm

Try a little more garlic, maybe 5 cloves, and no peas or carrots. You use
chicken, pork or beef, sliced thin. In cooking Thai food fry the garlic till
it starts turning brown, add the meat, onions, fish sauce and some of the soy
sauce. Add the rice and the rest of the soy sauce and cook the egg as
described in the recipe above. No peas or carrots, that makes it American
fried rice. Also, fried rice with basil is normally hot, add some (maybe one
or two) small Thai peppers. Unless you like really hot food, then add more.
Remember you can always add peppers but you can't take them out!

★★★

Reply

  2. **Angela** says:

September 17, 2021 at 11:09 am

I'm a huge fan of Thai basil and am looking forward to making this fried rice!
Looks amazing!!

Reply

## Sonja & Alex

Meet Sonja and Alex Overhiser: Husband and wife. Expert home cooks. Authors of
recipes you'll want to make again and again.

About Us

Cookbook

## Subscribe

Get recipes worth repeating and more from A Couple Cooks, straight to your
inbox.

Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form.

Email *

GDPR Agreement *

  * Yes, send me the latest recipes by email. *

Subscribe

A Couple Cooks

Recipes worth repeating.

  *   *   *   *   * 

  * Recipes
    * All Recipes
    * Dinners
    * Drinks
    * Side Dishes & Salads
    * Desserts
    * Appetizers & Snacks
    * Breakfast & Brunch
    * Essential Recipes
    * Recipe Collections
  * Dinners
    * Everyday Dinners
    * Fast Dinners
    * Special Occasion Dinners
  * Drinks
    * Cocktails
    * Smoothies
    * Coffee, Tea & More
    * Liquor Guides
  * How-To
    * How-To & Ingredient Info
    * Basic Knife Skills
    * Substitutions
    * Seasoning Blends
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Meal Plans
  * More
    * Start Here
    * Podcast
    * Travel
    * Lifestyle
  * —
    * Cookbook
    * About
    * Contact
    * Subscribe

Back to Top

(C) 2022 - A Couple Cooks® · Privacy Policy & Disclosure

