https://www.hungryhuy.com/thai-basil-fried-rice/


Subscribe

Subscribe

  * Search for:

  * Vietnamese Recipes
    * All Vietnamese Recipes
    * Vietnamese Appetizers
    * Vietnamese Main Dishes
    * Vietnamese Soups
    * Vietnamese Salads
    * Vietnamese Desserts
  * Meal Type
    * Main Dish Recipes
    * Side Dishes
    * Breakfast
    * Beverages
    * Baking
    * Desserts
    * Dipping Sauces & Condiments
  * By Nationality
    * Vietnamese Food & Recipes
    * Filipino Food & Recipes
    * Japanese Food & Recipes
    * Chinese Food & Recipes
    * Korean Food & Recipes
  * Guides
    * Ingredient Guide
    * Kitchen Guide
  * Kitchen Product Reviews
  * Recipe Index
  * About Me
  * Privacy

Hungry Huy

# Thai Basil Fried Rice Recipe

Huy Vu Updated 4/19/22 Jump to Recipe

Thai basil fried rice is packed full of sweet and spicy flavor from the Thai
basil pieces and it pairs perfectly with the rich sweetness of oyster sauce
and umami flavor of fish sauce seasonings. If you love fried rice with Chinese
sausage or Filipino fried rice (sinangag), then you’ll want to try this easy
to make Thai basil fried rice.

## What is Thai basil fried rice?

This authentic variation of Thai fried rice is just as good as traditional
Chinese fried rice-and depending on my mood, even better. What makes it so
flavorful is the addition of its namesake: Thai basil.

It’s important to note that Thai basil is different from regular basil you can
find at an American grocery store, which is usually Italian basil. Based on
looks, Italian basil typically has bright green stems and leaves with round
edges, whereas Thai basil has dark purple stems and dark green, narrow leaves.

Flavor is also a big difference when comparing these two cousins. Italian
basil is more peppery in flavor, while Thai basil is a more spicy, savory, and
bolder flavor. Some liken Thai basil to the same flavor as licorice or star
anise. One of my favorite things to eat with Thai basil is phở.

Using Thai basil in this fried rice gives us a different type of savory flavor
that pairs well with the other seasonings like Thai oyster sauce and fish
sauce.

## Ingredients in Thai basil fried rice

To make Thai basil fried rice, the main components that are different from
traditional Chinese fried rice are Thai basil (obviously!), jasmine rice,
oyster sauce, fish sauce, and Thai chilis. Everything else you would expect in
fried rice is also included: garlic, onions, protein (chicken, pork, shrimp,
tofu, etc.), eggs, and other options like bell peppers.

### Oyster sauce

Unlike traditional Chinese fried rice that salts and seasons the rice with soy
sauce as the main ingredient, Thai basil fried rice typically does not include
soy sauce (and if it does, it doesn’t use very much). Instead, Thai basil
fried rice focuses on oyster sauce and fish sauce as its main liquid
seasoning. I like using Thai oyster sauce to align with the Thai flavor
profile: it's slightly sweeter than traditional Chinese oyster sauce.

### Rice

Just like Thai basil, Jasmine rice is very important in this dish because of
its fragrant and simple flavor, but also its texture. Using day-old (and cold)
cooked jasmine rice in this fried rice helps soak up the seasoning.

### Chilis

If you’ve ever been friends with a Thai person in your life, you know that
spice level is a super important part of any Thai dish and that “Thai spice
level” is very VERY hot. To add some heat to this fried rice (but not too
much) are Thai chilis. These are the red and green tiny peppers you might see
at an Asian grocery store.

Don’t let their size fool you, they may be small, but they pack a very large
punch of heat. For this recipe, I didn’t want to overpower the fried rice with
spiciness since we’re already using Thai basil, so I opted for one Thai chili.
If you love to spice up your life, you can add more.

## Cuts of meat to use

For this recipe, I used deboned chicken thigh and cut into thin strips (about
¼ inch thickness) because it’s a super tender and flavorful cut of meat. I
don’t marinade the meat because there’s already so much flavor and saltiness
in the seasoning.

If you want a leaner option you can always go with chicken breast too! Thai
basil fried rice is also great with other forms of protein, like shrimp, pork,
tofu, or beef.

## Type of rice to use

The best type of rice to use in Thai basil fried rice is day-old jasmine rice.
Day-old and straight from the fridge is preferred because it’s a little drier
than freshly steamed rice and this allows the rice to soak up all the
flavorful seasoning in the pan. Jasmine rice helps for this because it’s not
too sticky to stir fry in the pan, and is a variety common with Thai cuisine
so you could buy a bag and enjoy this with other Thai recipes.

If you don’t have day-old rice, you can still use fresh rice. I like to take
the rice out of the rice cooker and spread it over a plate, put it in the
fridge for about 15-20 minutes to cool down and dry out a bit.

## How to make basil fried rice

The best way to cook Thai basil fried rice (well really ANY fried rice) is
using a carbon steel wok because it’s easier to move the ingredients around
and mix. If you don’t have a wok, you can also use a cast iron or a very large
stir fry pan.

Here’s how to make it:

  1. Garlic, Thai chilis, & vegetable oil: Sauteing garlic and chili in the wok/pan first to bring out the savory and spicy aromas 
  2. Protein: Add the protein into the pan to cook 
  3. Onions: Adding in the onions in the third step so you don’t overcook it, keeping a crunchy texture
  4. Eggs: Moving the protein and everything to the side of the pan, and cooking the eggs. 
  5. Sauce & sugar: Add the sauce into the pan and sprinkle on the sugar. Combine everything together. 
  6. Jasmine rice: Add the rice into the pan and stir until it’s thoroughly coated in the seasoning. I like to get the rice a little crispy by cooking it for a minute. 
  7. Basil: Add the fresh basil and cook for an additional minute or until it wilts.  

This process makes cooking Thai basil fried rice super simple and all you need
is one pan!

## Serving and storage

Thai basil fried rice is best served fresh off the wok or pan so you can enjoy
it hot and steamy. It’s traditionally served with crisp and cold slices of
cucumbers on the side, but this is also optional. I like eating Thai basil
fried rice with an iced cold glass of Thai tea, a side of pad see ew, Panang
curry, and afterward, mango sticky rice for dessert-an absolute must!

If you have extra leftovers, you can pack it away in an airtight container and
put it in your fridge for up to 3-5 days. I just reheat my leftovers in the
microwave for about 1 minute on high, depending on how much rice you’re
heating up.

## Thai Basil Fried Rice w/ Chicken

5 from 9 votes

Savory, sweet, and spicy-this Thai basil fried rice is a one pan dish that is
full of umami flavor. If you need a quick and different type of fried rice to
spice up your life, this recipe is for you.

PRINT PIN

BY: Huy Vu

Prep: 10 mins

Cook: 15 mins

Total: 25 mins

SERVINGS: 4

### Ingredients

  * ▢ 15 g (1 tbsp) garlic minced
  * ▢ 2 g (1 ) Thai chili sliced thinly
  * ▢ 24 g (2 tbsp) vegetable oil
  * ▢ 150 g (8 oz) chicken thigh cut into ¼ thick strips (or shrimp, tofu, pork belly, etc.)
  * ▢ 77 g (1 medium) onion chopped
  * ▢ 2 large eggs
  * ▢ 16 g (1 tbsp) fish sauce Thai fish sauce preferred
  * ▢ 36 g (2 tbsp) oyster sauce Thai oyster sauce preferred
  * ▢ 4 g (1 tsp) white granulated sugar
  * ▢ 300 g (1 c) cooked Jasmine rice day-old & cold preferred
  * ▢ 20 g (1 c) Thai basil leaves
  * ▢ salt
  * ▢ cucumbers sliced optional

### Equipment Used

  * ▢

Large saute pan, wok, or cast iron

### Instructions

  * In a large saute pan, wok, or cast iron pan over medium heat, add the vegetable oil, garlic, and Thai chiles. Cook for about 30 seconds or until fragrant.

  * Add the chicken (or other protein) and stir. Cook for about 2 minutes or until the chicken is brown. 

  * Add the onions and cook for 1 minute or until they begin to slightly turn translucent. 

  * Move the chicken and onions to the side of the pan. Crack the two eggs into the middle of the pan and use your spatula to stir the eggs until they turn opaque. Stir to combine the scrambled eggs and chicken. 

  * Pour the oyster sauce, fish sauce, and sprinkle the sugar over the chicken mixture until it’s thoroughly incorporated.

  * Use your hands to sprinkle in the day old rice into the pan, breaking up any chunks. Mix with the spatula. Cook and stir occasionally for about 1-2 minutes. 

  * Add the Thai basil. Stir and cook for 1 minute or until the basil wilts and releases a sweet aroma. Taste the fried rice and add salt if necessary. 

  * Serve the fried rice immediately with a side of cucumbers. 

### Nutrition Facts

Calories: 383.07kcal | Carbohydrates: 35.63g | Protein: 15.75g | Fat: 19.5g |
Saturated Fat: 9.78g | Trans Fat: 0.05g | Cholesterol: 158.12mg | Sodium:
830.04mg | Potassium: 279.3mg | Fiber: 1.1g | Sugar: 2.87g | Vitamin A:
558.53IU | Vitamin C: 6.32mg | Calcium: 63.45mg | Iron: 1.46mg

Course: Dinner, Lunch, Main Course, Side Dish

Cuisine: Thai

Keyword: fried rice

Did you cook this recipe?Tag @HungryHuy or #hungryhuy-I'd love to see it!

### Like this recipe? Subscribe to my newsletter!

SIGN ME UP!  

### Related Posts

How To Make Sushi Rice (Easy Japanese Sushi Rice Recipe)

How To Cook Rice in a Rice Cooker

Instant Pot Brown Rice Recipe (Perfectly Fluffy & Easy!)

How to Cook Rice in a Microwave w/ Perfect Results

Homemade Pasta Dough Recipe (Fresh Egg Pasta)

3-2-1 Ribs: Fall Off the Bone Smoked Baby Back Ribs

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Yes, I'd like to get updates by e-mail from Hungry Huy!

I'm Huy! I share Vietnamese, Filipino, Chinese, and many other tasty recipes.
I'm here to help, so leave a comment with any questions! About Me

Popular Posts

24 Best Vietnamese Food Dishes To Try

Authentic Chicken Phở (Phở Gà)

Vietnamese Coffee

Vietnamese Sandwich (Bánh Mì)

Bún Bò Huế – Spicy Beef & Pork Soup

Bánh Xèo – Savory Vietnamese Crêpes

Vietnamese Grilled Pork & Noodles

Sesame Balls (Bánh Cam)

Vietnamese Braised Catfish (Cá Kho Tộ)

Vietnamese Egg Rolls

### Get Hungry Huy recipes in your inbox!

Sign ME Up!

Hungry for more?

Sign up for our weekly newsletter and never miss another recipe!

Sign ME Up!

SIGN ME UP!  

  * Recipe Index
  * About

Privacy Policy. Copyright © 2022 Hungry Huy. All rights reserved.

Subscribe ****

Get weekly recipe updates  
sent to your inbox!

sign me up!

x

Subscribe

Get weekly recipe updates  
sent to your inbox!

Sign ME Up!

x

