https://www.food.com/recipe/thai-spicy-basil-fried-rice-473225


  * Recipes
    * Breakfast & Brunch Recipes 
    * Lunch Recipes 
    * Appetizers & Snack Recipes 
    * Dinner Recipes 
    * Dessert Recipes 
    * Drink & Cocktail Recipes 
    * Side Dish Recipes 
    * Grilling & BBQ Recipes 
    * Microwave Recipes 
    * Quick & Easy Recipes 
    * Slow-Cooker Recipes 
    * Air Fryer Recipes 
    * Instant Pot Recipes 
    * Baking Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Popular
    * Trending Now 
    * Casserole Recipes 
    * Chili Recipes 
    * Soup Recipes 
    * Pasta Recipes 
    * Bread Recipes 
    * Cookie Recipes 
    * Salad Recipes 
    * Tofu Recipes 
    * Copycat Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Meat & Seafood
    * Chicken Recipes 
    * Salmon Recipes 
    * Pork Chop Recipes 
    * Ground Beef Recipes 
    * Shrimp Recipes 
  * Healthy & Diet
    * Keto Recipes 
    * Healthy Recipes 
    * Vegetarian Recipes 
    * Vegan Recipes 
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes 
    * Weight Watchers Recipes 
    * Low-Carb Recipes 
    * Gluten-Free Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Holidays
    * Dinner Party Recipes 
    * Game Day Recipes 
    * Valentine's Day Recipes 
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes 
    * Easter Recipes 
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes 
    * Mother's Day Recipes 
    * Memorial Day Recipes 
    * Juneteenth Recipes 
    * 4th of July Recipes 
    * Halloween Recipes 
    * Thanksgiving Recipes 
    * Hanukkah Recipes 
    * Christmas Recipes 
    * New Year's Recipes 
  * Cuisine
    * Mexican Recipes 
    * Italian Recipes 
    * Indian Recipes 
    * Thai Recipes 
    * Korean Recipes 
    * French Recipes 
    * Latin American Recipes 
    * Chinese Recipes 
    * Japanese Recipes 
    * Spanish Recipes 
  * Seasonal
    * Spring Recipes 
    * Summer Recipes 
    * Fall Recipes 
    * Winter Recipes 
    * See More 

icons / profile

icons / arrow / arrow-left

  1. Recipes 
  2. Rice 

# Thai Spicy Basil Fried Rice

18

Recipe by Bolistoli

22

People talking

Join In Now  Join the conversation!

  *   *   *   *   * MORE 

Save Recipe

This is a great use of leftover rice. It's important to use Thai sweet basil
to get the authentic Thai restaurant taste. And don't skip the fish sauce, it
smells strong in the bottle, but it blends in nicely with the other
ingredients when it's all put together. Also, make sure you use chilled rice,
or you'll end up with mush.

Ready In:

    30mins

Serves:

     6 

Units:

     US 

icons / print PRINT RECIPE

  * icons / email
  * icons / social / pinterest
  * icons / social / facebook

22

People talking

Join In Now  Join the conversation!

## ingredients

Nutrition

  * 3  tablespoons oyster sauce
  * 2  tablespoons fish sauce
  * 1  tablespoon soy sauce
  * 1  teaspoon white sugar
  * olive oil flavored cooking spray
  * 4  cups cooked jasmine rice, chilled 
  * 6  large garlic cloves, chopped 
  * 2  Thai chiles, chopped (can use serranos)
  * 1  red bell pepper, chopped 
  * 1  medium onion, chopped 
  * 1⁄2 cup egg substitute (like egg beaters, or can use 2 eggs)
  * 8  ounces shrimp (or other protein, can use virtually any meat, fish, tofu, etc.)
  * 2  cups Thai basil, leaves left whole 
  * 1⁄2 cup cilantro (optional)

## directions

  * Whisk together oyster sauce, fish sauce, soy sauce, and sugar. Set aside.
  * Spray a wok or large frying pan with olive oil spray and heat over medium-high heat.
  * Add the garlic and chili (or serrano) peppers and stir fry for 30 seconds.
  * Add the red pepper and onion and stir fry until the onion is translucent. If using chicken or beef, add it with the the onion and red pepper. Cook until chicken is done, or beef is about medium.
  * Push ingredients in the wok/pan aside and quickly scramble the egg.
  * Add the oyster sauce mixture and stir everything together.
  * Raise the heat to high and add the chilled rice. Stir until blended with the sauce and other ingredients, breaking up clumps of rice with the back of a spoon.
  * Add more soy, oyster, or fish sauce, if necessary (or to taste).
  * When everything is blended together and rice is hot, remove from heat and stir in the basil.
  * Garnish with cilantro, if desired.

Submit a Recipe Correction

#### MY PRIVATE NOTES

Add a Note

Advertisement

Advertisement

### RECIPE MADE WITH LOVE BY

Follow Me

@Bolistoli

Contributor

@Bolistoli

Contributor

"This is a great use of leftover rice. It's important to use Thai sweet basil
to get the authentic Thai restaurant taste. And don't skip the fish sauce, it
smells strong in the bottle, but it blends in nicely with the other
ingredients when it's all put together. Also, make sure you use chilled rice,
or you'll end up with mush."

  * ###### recipes

26

  * ###### tweaks

1

icons / sparkles / sparkles

### JOIN THE CONVERSATION

icons / sparkles / sparkles

icons / camera

upload

icons / star / star-outline

review

icons / write-a-review

tweak

icons / question

ask

all

reviews

tweaks

q&a

sort by: most popularmost recent icons / navigate / navigate-down

  1. review by  mike j. 

7/13/2021

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

I keep kosher, so I substituted some home-made teriyaki sauce, in place of the
fish sauce (chicken and fish cannot be mixed in the same dish.) It was
absolutely amazing and it tasted just like the basil fried rice I have enjoyed
in local restaurants.

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  2. review by  takkenne 

7/2/2020

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

This was phenomenal. I added a little extra rice and oyster sauce, as well as
Thai Golden Mountain seasoning sauce (maybe half a teaspoon?), and I used
chicken instead. I also used thai soy sauce instead of Japanese. It was
INCREDIBLE. Everyone said it was better than their favorite thai restaurants.
The garlic and thai basil (rather than italian basil) made a world of
difference. Highly recommend!!

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  3. tweak by  Curtis H. 

2/23/2020

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

I added some sugar snap peas, and used some mint to the Italian basil.

icons / like Like 1

icons / comment Reply

  4. review by  Curtis H. 

2/23/2020

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

This was truly awesome! I made enough for leftovers and my son put an end to
that plan when devoured the dish. I made some tweaks however. I could not find
Thai Chiles, but I did find Thai roasted red chile paste, (Thai Kitchen brand)
which had great flavor, slightly sweet and no heat. I used two heaping
tablespoons of the sauce and added some siriachi sauce for heat. I suspect
that this is not the same as the thai Thai chilies that the recipe calls for.
Tasted more like a dip for spring rolls. I also couldn't find Thai basil, so I
used Italian basil and some mint leaves. The mint was a hack I read elsewhere.
Anyway, it all worked great together. Very much like the Thai basil fried rice
we get at our local restaurant. Yum! Plan to make again!

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  5. question by  AshleyNeicole 

12/14/2019

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

When do you add the shrimp?

icons / like Like

icons / comment Replies  1

see 24 more icons / navigate / navigate-down

Advertisement

### YOU'LL ALSO LOVE

How to Make Meatball Sub Kolaches

28 Springtime Salads for Easter

42 Ideas for a Ham-Free Easter Dinn...

How to Cook Perfect Pork Tenderloin

View All Recipes

### RELATED PAGES

Thai Style Fried Rice... With a Curry Flavor, Hmmm!!!Thai Chicken Fried Rice
with Basil - Kao Pad KrapaoMom's Thai Fried RiceThai Fried RiceBagoong Alamang
Fried Rice WITH PORK RINDSRed Curry Fried RiceQuick & Easy Thai Fried
RiceBasil Fried RiceThai Fried Rice (khao Phat)

View Suggestions

BACK TO TOP

icons / social / facebook icons / social / pinterest icons / social / twitter
icons / social / youtube icons / email

  * All Categories 
  * Site Map 
  * About Us 
  * Help 

The Discovery Family of Networks

  * HGTV
  * DIY Network
  * Food Network
  * Cooking Channel
  * Travel Channel
  * HGTV Poland

© 2022 Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. or its subsidiaries and affiliates. All
rights reserved.

  * Advertise
  * AdChoices
  * Privacy Notice
  * Visitor Agreement

California Privacy Notice CA Do Not Sell My Info

