https://www.myrecipes.com/recipe/thai-chicken-saut


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

MyRecipes MyRecipes

  * Course
  * Baking
  * Global
  * Healthy
  * Favorite Ingredients
  * Holidays and Occasions
  * Quick and Easy
  * Convenience Recipes
  * BBQ and Grilling
  * How To
  * Extra Crispy
  * News

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Account

  * Register
  * Newsletters
  * Email Preferences
  * Logout

Login

Pin FB

Close this dialog window

## Explore MyRecipes

MyRecipes MyRecipes

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * 55+ Easy Dinner Recipes for Busy Weeknights

####  55+ Easy Dinner Recipes for Busy Weeknights

Everybody understands the stuggle of getting dinner on the table after a long
day. If you're looking for a simple recipe to simplify your weeknight, you've
come to the right place--easy dinners are our specialty. For an easy supper
that you can depend on, we picked out some of our tried-and-true favorites
that have gotten us through even the busiest of days. Whether you're cooking
for yourself or for a family, these easy dinners are sure to leave everyone
satisfied and stress-free.  Read More

    * The Brilliant Secret to Making Better Mashed Potatoes

####  The Brilliant Secret to Making Better Mashed Potatoes

Trust me, it's so worth it.  Read More

    * 65 Super Easy Finger Foods to Make for Any Party

####  65 Super Easy Finger Foods to Make for Any Party

From chips and dip to one-bite apps, finger foods are the perfect way to kick
off a party. No forks or spoons required, just easy-to-pick-up party foods, so
you can clean up in no time.  Read More

  * Course

### Course

See All Course

    * Best Appetizer Recipes...Ever
    * Best Drink Recipes for Any Occasion
    * Salad Recipes
    * The Ultimate Guide to Sensational Sides
    * Soup and Stew Recipes
    * Easy Entertaining for Everyone
    * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes
    * Main Dishes and Entrees
    * Dinner Recipes
    * Dessert Recipes

  * Baking

### Baking

See All Baking

    * Bread Recipes
    * Our Most-Loved Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Pie Recipes

  * Global

### Global

See All Global

    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes
    * Middle Eastern Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Malaysian Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * Chinese Recipes
    * African Recipes
    * American Recipes
    * Cajun and Creole Recipes
    * Caribbean Recipes
    * South American Recipes
    * Southern Recipes
    * German Recipes

  * Healthy

### Healthy

See All Healthy

    * Easy, Healthy Recipes
    * Healthy Breakfasts
    * Healthy Dinners
    * Healthy Desserts
    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Diet and Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Low Carbohydrate Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Favorite Ingredients

### Favorite Ingredients

See All Favorite Ingredients

    * The Ultimate Guide to Chicken
    * Vegetable Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Cheese Recipes
    * Chocolate Recipes
    * Pasta Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Holidays and Occasions

### Holidays and Occasions

See All Holidays and Occasions

    * A Foodie's Guide to Halloween Recipes
    * The Ultimate Thanksgiving Guide
    * Hanukkah Recipes
    * Your Ultimate Christmas Recipe Guide
    * Our Most Festive New Year's Recipes
    * Best-Ever Super Bowl Sunday Recipes
    * Best Valentine's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * The Ultimate Guide to Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Labor Day Recipes
    * The Ultimate Fourth of July Guide
    * Memorial Day Recipes
    * Touchdown-Worthy Tailgate Recipes
    * Wedding and Shower Recipes

  * Quick and Easy

### Quick and Easy

See All Quick and Easy

    * 15-Minute Recipes for Busy Home Cooks
    * 5 Ingredients or Less
    * Dinner Tonight
    * No-Cook Recipes
    * 45-Minute Recipes

  * Convenience Recipes

### Convenience Recipes

See All Convenience Recipes

    * Budget-Friendly Recipes
    * Our Top Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Our Favorite Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes

  * BBQ and Grilling

### BBQ and Grilling

See All BBQ and Grilling

    * Grilled Beef Recipes
    * Grilled Fish Recipes
    * Grilled Shrimp Recipes
    * Grilled Chicken Recipes
    * Grilled Pork Recipes
    * Grilled Vegetable Recipes

  * How To

### How To

See All How To

    * 7 Ways With...
    * Videos
    * Ingredients and Tools
    * Kitchen Cleaning

  * Extra Crispy
  * News

## Profile Menu

Your Profile

Your Profile

### Account

  * Register
  * Newsletters
  * Email Preferences
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Thai Chicken Saute

# Thai Chicken Saute

Rating: 4 stars

54 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 22 
  * 4 star values: 24 
  * 3 star values: 6 
  * 2 star values: 1 
  * 1 star values: 1 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 54 Ratings 
  * 41 Reviews 

This delicious Thai chicken makes for an exotic weeknight dinner that comes
together quickly. It features traditional Thai flavors like fish sauce,
Sriracha, fresh ginger, coconut milk, and cilantro. For more dinner ideas like
this, see our complete collection of Thai recipes.

By David Bonom

Recipe by Cooking Light March 2007

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Thai Chicken Saut&eacute;

Credit: Randy Mayor; Styling: Jan Gautro

## Recipe Summary

Yield:

4 servings (serving size: 1 1/2 cups chicken mixture, 1/2 cup rice, and 1 lime
wedge)

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * 1 (3 1/2-ounce) bag boil-in-bag rice 
  * 1 ½ pounds chicken breast tenders 
  * 1 tablespoon cornstarch 
  * 1 tablespoon fish sauce 
  * 4 teaspoons canola oil, divided 
  * 1 cup sliced onion 
  * 2 teaspoons bottled minced garlic 
  * 1 teaspoon bottled ground fresh ginger (such as Spice World) 
  * ½ cup light coconut milk 
  * 2 tablespoons Sriracha (hot chile sauce, such as Huy Fong) 
  * 1 tablespoon sugar 
  * 1 tablespoon fresh lime juice 
  * 2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro 
  * 4 lime wedges 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Cook rice according to package directions, omitting salt and fat. Keep warm.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Toss chicken with cornstarch and fish sauce. Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large
nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Add chicken to pan; saute 5 minutes.
Remove chicken from pan. Heat remaining 1 teaspoon oil in pan. Add onion,
garlic, and ginger to pan; saute 1 minute. Return chicken to pan; cook 1
minute or until done. Stir in coconut milk, Sriracha, sugar, and juice; cook
45 seconds or until thoroughly heated. Sprinkle each serving with 1 1/2
teaspoons cilantro. Serve chicken mixture over rice with lime wedges.

##  Chef's Notes

Use less hot sauce for milder flavor.

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

403 calories; calories from fat 24%; fat 10.8g; saturated fat 3.1g; mono fat
4.3g; poly fat 2.4g; protein 42.6g; carbohydrates 31.4g; fiber 0.5g;
cholesterol 108mg; iron 2.4mg; sodium 650mg; calcium 32mg.

Advertisement

Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews (41)

Add Rating & Review

Sort by:  Newest

Newest Oldest

MyRecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

03/15/2021

I read the other reviews first, so I used 1/2 the sriracha and added a ton of
pre-sautéed veggies (cauliflower, sugar snap peas, baby Bella mushrooms, red
pepper & carrots). I found that I couldn’t taste much of the sriracha so added
some directly to my meal. I’ll bump it up to 1.5 tablespoons next time. It was
delicious! I can’t wait to cook this meal for others.

carylinjon

Rating: 4 stars

02/21/2016

****I added 2 heaping spoonfuls of creamy peanut butter when it was cooking
and it made the dish richer and tastier. I used chili sauce for the heat but
sprinkled it on top before eating. This was so good. I doubled the recipe to
and eyeballed the coconut milk.

JohnnyClutch

Rating: 5 stars

01/01/2016

****I don't know how I ever lived without this food in my life.

  

Don't think my wife liked it as much, but I could eat it every day.

  

Keiji21

Rating: 4 stars

10/06/2015

****I tried this for the first time and I really enjoyed it. I would really
recommend this to anyone who likes coconut flavor because it really brings out
the flavors in the dish. I would give this recipe an A+ rating.  

mamita

Rating: 5 stars

07/05/2015

****Great recipe...I followed pretty much as written but didn't really measure
just eyeballed my ingredients. I used probably 2/3 can of coconut milk, added
a large heaping spoonful of peanut butter as suggested by another reviewer,
threw in some unsalted peanuts, used fresh ginger (a MUST!), sautéed about a
whole bag of baby spinach, mushrooms with the garlic, onion and ginger and
served it over rice stick noodles instead of rice. It was probably the best
Thai dish I've made and my whole family of super picky eaters including 3
little ones all loved it!

kray12

Rating: 4 stars

03/22/2014

Very yummy, didn't add the sriracha and it was still good. Needs more veggies,
next time will add snow peas and red peppers.

calteri

Rating: 4 stars

09/30/2013

This was very flavorful, easy and quick. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars
was that it was a bit on the bland side. The Sriracha gave it plenty of heat
but doesn't add much flavor.

nwilker

Rating: 3 stars

03/23/2013

I upped the siracha to 3 tbs - hubby enjoyed it, i thought it was lacking
something... Served it over quinoa - meh. maybe that was the issue.

tgruby1

Rating: 5 stars

10/18/2012

My family loves this recipe. I did make one change.. I sauteed red, yellow and
orange bell peppers along with the onion to provide more color, texture and
nutrients. So easy to prepare and so delicious!!

ttsholland

Rating: 4 stars

10/02/2012

loved this recipe, I made a few changes, I didn't have Sriracha so I used 3
tsp samal oelek which was perfect spice for us and I added lots of sugar snap
peas and mushrooms. Excellent flavour, but we didn't get 4 servings even with
adding the extra veggies.

seaswell

Rating: 5 stars

03/12/2012

This is one of our favorite meals. It is simple, easy, and healthy -- and
packed with flavor. I serve over white or brown rice. A few changes (after
I've made it a ton): \- We only do half the spice. It is very, very spicy as
written. \- I add the whole can of coconut milk. \- I add a big handful of
snow peas.

Wulffy

Rating: 5 stars

12/28/2011

WOW! I added a heaping tablespoon of crunchy peanutbutter and used half the
chili paste. I served it over a bed of spinich with some wide rice noodles and
it was amazing.

nallix

Rating: 4 stars

12/24/2011

This recipe is very easy and has some great flavors but if you make it
according to directions it is INCREDIBLY SPICY. Even using only half the
Sriracha called for it still have a lot of heat. Like so many others, I
recommend either a milder sauce or maybe only 1/2 T of the sauce. You can
always add more to your plate if you don't like how it tastes.

ajablon22

Rating: 5 stars

11/15/2011

Delicious dinner! I'd suggest using less of the chili paste because 2
tablespoons was very very spicy! You can always add more later if you want
more heat. I can't wait to play around with different veggies, maybe tofu
instead of chicken!

bkbroiler52

Rating: 5 stars

11/13/2011

Excellent

CwPandaLight

Rating: 5 stars

10/05/2011

i will make this again and again. it was SO yummy. definitely on the hot side,
which is fine for me, but if you are making for guests, just be aware.

Barbara

Rating: 4 stars

08/24/2011

I made it with noodles instead of rice. Delicious.

AngelDaae

Rating: 3 stars

08/04/2011

My husband and I enjoyed this dish, although we did not think it was anything
spectacular. I had to use finely-chopped fresh ginger because ground fresh
ginger seems to be impossible to find in my area (and I'm not going to
specialty stores to find ingredients for a 'weeknight dinner that comes
together quickly'). I also used cubed boneless/skinless chicken breast because
that’s what was on sale. We love spicy food and both thought the heat level
was good. In fact, my husband added a little extra sriracha to his plate. As
another reviewer said, it does make a lot more sauce than the picture
indicates. Next time I will add some snow peas or some other green veggie so I
will feel like I’m serving a complete, healthy meal (not just carbs and
protein). All things considered, I would make this again.

Onecentinvegas

Rating: 4 stars

01/18/2011

My husband LOVED this; I thought it was just pretty good. I added some green
beans to the saute to give it some veggies and cut down on the chili paste
because of hubbie's delicate tummy. Husband definitely wants me to make again,
so I probably will. Fast, good and easy. What else can you ask for?

DominicM

Rating: 3 stars

01/16/2011

Needs some work. Even my wife said it was a little bland. I would add some
Thai Basil maybe about cup and kick up a notch with anywhere from a 2 to 8
thai chilies diced depending on audience. If thai chiles aren't available
Serrano peppers as ok. Caution thai chilies are hot. Use gloves. You can also
put some crushing peanuts on the side.

WeimLover

Rating: 4 stars

01/04/2011

A great, quick week night dinner ... made exactly as the directions said
except I added some red bell pepper. Delicious!!

falljunelaker

Rating: 4 stars

05/29/2010

This was very good. Although I love Thai food, I had low expectations for some
reason, but it was delicious. We did not use boil-in-bag rice, though. We just
made the rice normally.

nydcchick

Rating: 3 stars

05/15/2010

This recipe was good. Not earth shattering, but good. I added sugar snap peas
because I thought it needed more veggies than just onion. And seriously -
listen to the other reviews - 2 tbsp of sriracha makes this HOT. I love spicy
foods, and I thought 1 tbsp was more than enough. The most attractive thing to
me is how easy this was. It would make for a great weeknight meal, and I'll
definitely be making it again.

KathleenH

Rating: 5 stars

01/16/2010

This recipe is woOonderful! I haven't had much Thai food before, but the
flavors in this are so good. I didn't measure exactly, but I probably used
about 1.5 Tbs of the Sriracha sauce. Don't be afraid of it because the rice
and coconut milk really temper the heat. Served over brown rice with steamed
green beans on the side. I mostly followed the instructions, but you don't
have to be super picky to have great results. My husband said this should be
in our top 5 dishes. :)

LindaSNYC

Rating: 4 stars

12/01/2009

I made this using chicken tenders, so the cook time was a bit longer, maybe
ten minutes. I also cooked the onions, garlic, and ginger longer...one minute
just didn't seem sufficient. I had half a can of regular coconut milk on hand,
so I used that, but did reduce the oil a bit. I bought a jar of Thai chili
sauce rather than the huge bottle of Sriracha as I wouldn't use it a lot. Thai
chili sauce is sweet, so I reduced the sugar. I served it with Chinese black
rice for a nice color contrast. It was totally yummy.

blpfister

Rating: 5 stars

10/31/2009

Delicious. I will make it again. I reduced the chili sauce by half a
tablespoon because I was making it for guests. It was a good heat level. This
makes more sauce than it appears from the picture.

Jbrada

Rating: 4 stars

10/10/2009

SO yummy! A big hit with everyone in our group from 4 to 70. Added a bit more
fish sauce and more cilantro but we'll add this to our regular rotation!

JacqueG

Rating: 4 stars

09/11/2009

Thought this was GREAT for stay at home Thai food and relatively easy! The
only changes I made were to use boneless chicken breasts cut into thick strips
and coated with salt and pepper before adding corn starch. I added strips of
red bell pepper with the onions, which gave it a really nice color and added
flavor. I used more cilantro and topped with chopped green onion and chopped
dry roasted peanuts. Served over brown rice. Loved it, and very spicy!! Will
definitely make again as an everyday dish, possibly also to serve to guests.

cprnncc

Rating: 5 stars

08/27/2009

DELICIOUS. I use half the required hot sauce because my family is not big on
heat. It comes together quickly. I serve regular white rice and stir fry some
shredded carrots and broccoli slaw with a little oil and ginger for a side
dish. If there are any leftovers, its a great lunch. Given the recipe to three
friends and they love it.

amyc79

Rating: 3 stars

07/26/2009

This was good and easy enough to put together, but wasn't quite as good as I
was hoping after reading all the reviews. I found it a little bland/boring. It
was nice to try but I will probably be moving on to a new recipe.

aimeeh

Rating: 2 stars

07/14/2009

I read every review hoping I'd find something similar to what restaurants make
and this doesn't even come close. There are lots of flavors missing. I liked
the spice so I used 1.5T of the srirachi. 1/2 reg cocunut milk and 1/2 water
instead of lite cocunut milk for extra flavor. Added red pepper and snap peas
with unsalted peanuts on top. Extra ginger, garlic and cilantro but it still
was pretty lame to me. I love traditional thai food and this didn't compare.
The search continues.

kkwild

Rating: 4 stars

07/05/2009

Great recipe, lots of flavor and very easy. Definitely cut down on the hot
sauce. I love heat, so I threw caution to the wind and used all 2 tablespoons,
but 1 tablespoon would have been plenty. I am still sweating half an hour
after eating! But I will definitely make this again.

sunshower41

Rating: 4 stars

07/04/2009

My boyfriend and I love this recipe. Why? It's quick, easy and has wiggle
room. It's a great base for a stir fry and then we get creative. We usually
make a bit more sauce--but not much--and throw in some thinly sliced peppers,
broccoli, snap peas, water chestnuts, baby corn, you name it! This is
especially great when you need to use up some veg before it goes bad. I
wouldn't serve this to company but it's perfect for an easy weeknight dinner.

DeHowe

Rating: 5 stars

06/03/2009

Quick, but flavorful. Lots of coconut taste, so not so good for those who
don't like coconut. I substituted Louisiana hot sauce for the Sriracha, and
using the full 2 tablespoons was fine--the heat was a good balance to the
sugar and coconut milk. Definitely will make again. I used brown rice instead
of boil-in-bag, and served this with stir-fried vegetables.

KnittyCat

Rating: 4 stars

03/24/2009

We really enjoyed this recipe. I cooked brown rice instead of in-a-bag rice,
added salt, used fresh garlic and ginger, and instead of adding the chile
sauce to the whole recipe, which my children wouldn't appreciate, I spooned
out some of the sauce and mixed it in to that to add as desired. Served with
an asian salad. Great recipe. Will make it again.

cblwolf

Rating: 4 stars

03/20/2009

I wish I had read the reviews before I made this, because a good dish could
have been great!! We loved it spicy, but the addition of bell peppers would
have made this dish outstanding! We will definitely be making this recipe
again!

AMP3232

Rating: 5 stars

02/17/2009

This was a very tasty dish and quick to put together. I'd use just a bit less
of the Sriracha, but my husband liked it as-is.

WisconsinGal

Rating: 4 stars

01/21/2009

This one is definitely a keeper--it's quick, easy, and very flavorful. It's
perfect weeknight dinner when you're rushed for time. I'm glad that I read the
other reviews because I cut back on the Sriracha and it was just perfect. I'll
definitely be making this one again and maybe adding some red pepper strips or
chopped peanuts in the future to change things up a bit.

mbailis

Rating: 4 stars

01/19/2009

My family loved this dish. It was a bit too hot and we all had a good laugh
trying to eat it. I should have read the reviews first to know to cut down on
the heat! I never use instant bag rice though. I will definetely make it again
but with less Sirachi added.

nikki22

Rating: 1 stars

01/08/2009

I did not like this recipe at all. Ive been making CL recipes for years and
this one really disappointed me. The sauce had a weird taste to it. I followed
the recipe exactly. Im not sure what would make this better, so Im just not
going to make again. There are many other Thai dishes that I prefer over this
one.

shaftermee

Rating: 4 stars

12/07/2008

I love being able to read reviews before I try a new recipe. You guys never
steer me wrong. In this case, I used Thai Sweet Chili Sauce to avoid the spice
issue that was raised several times (my family is very spicy-food adverse) and
I added chopped peanuts on top. As a reviewer said, the cilantro is a very
important ingredient, not only for the flavor but for the color. I will add
red bell pepper next time as someone suggested (should have trusted that
suggestion the first time), and chopped peanuts on top added a nice touch.
Very good recipe and enjoyed by everyone in the family. Thank you.

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Thai Chicken Saute

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Thai Chicken Saut&eacute;

##  All Reviews for Thai Chicken Saut&eacute;

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

MyRecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Sign Up

MeredithMyRecipes.com is part of the Allrecipes Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporation. MyRecipes is a registered trademark of Meredith
Corporation All Rights Reserved. MyRecipes may receive compensation for some
links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to
change without notice.  Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of
Servicethis link opens in a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab
California Do Not Sellthis link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis
link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 MyRecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.myrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Thai Chicken Saute

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

