https://www.food.com/recipe/chicken-pad-thai-175920


  * Recipes
    * Breakfast & Brunch Recipes 
    * Lunch Recipes 
    * Appetizers & Snack Recipes 
    * Dinner Recipes 
    * Dessert Recipes 
    * Drink & Cocktail Recipes 
    * Side Dish Recipes 
    * Grilling & BBQ Recipes 
    * Microwave Recipes 
    * Quick & Easy Recipes 
    * Slow-Cooker Recipes 
    * Air Fryer Recipes 
    * Instant Pot Recipes 
    * Baking Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Popular
    * Trending Now 
    * Casserole Recipes 
    * Chili Recipes 
    * Soup Recipes 
    * Pasta Recipes 
    * Bread Recipes 
    * Cookie Recipes 
    * Salad Recipes 
    * Tofu Recipes 
    * Copycat Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Meat & Seafood
    * Chicken Recipes 
    * Salmon Recipes 
    * Pork Chop Recipes 
    * Ground Beef Recipes 
    * Shrimp Recipes 
  * Healthy & Diet
    * Keto Recipes 
    * Healthy Recipes 
    * Vegetarian Recipes 
    * Vegan Recipes 
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes 
    * Weight Watchers Recipes 
    * Low-Carb Recipes 
    * Gluten-Free Recipes 
    * See More 
  * Holidays
    * Dinner Party Recipes 
    * Game Day Recipes 
    * Valentine's Day Recipes 
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes 
    * Easter Recipes 
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes 
    * Mother's Day Recipes 
    * Memorial Day Recipes 
    * Juneteenth Recipes 
    * 4th of July Recipes 
    * Halloween Recipes 
    * Thanksgiving Recipes 
    * Hanukkah Recipes 
    * Christmas Recipes 
    * New Year's Recipes 
  * Cuisine
    * Mexican Recipes 
    * Italian Recipes 
    * Indian Recipes 
    * Thai Recipes 
    * Korean Recipes 
    * French Recipes 
    * Latin American Recipes 
    * Chinese Recipes 
    * Japanese Recipes 
    * Spanish Recipes 
  * Seasonal
    * Spring Recipes 
    * Summer Recipes 
    * Fall Recipes 
    * Winter Recipes 
    * See More 

icons / profile

icons / arrow / arrow-left

  1. Recipes 
  2. Chicken 

# Classic Chicken Pad Thai

8

Recipe by Sky Hostess

10

People talking

Join In Now  Join the conversation!

  *   * 

Save Recipe

This recipe is a combination of several recipes that I like - I was trying to
copy a meal that is served at a restaurant here in Phoenix called Pei Wei - I
think I did it! This is fabulous! Great flavor. Instead of rice noodles we
used the whole wheat fettuccini noodles from Trader Joe's. An optional
ingredient would be to add 1 to 2 teaspoons of curry powder also. That should
be added when cooking the onion and chicken in the first step. Enjoy! For
those of you have made this before I have tweeked this just a bit. I've added
the vinegar in the sauce. Went back to Pei Wei and discovered it was missing
vinegar! Reduced the oil and the amount of chicken as well.

Ready In:

    1hr

Serves:

     6 

Units:

     US 

icons / print PRINT RECIPE

  * icons / email
  * icons / social / pinterest
  * icons / social / facebook

10

People talking

Join In Now  Join the conversation!

## ingredients

Nutrition

  * ###  Sauce 

  * 1⁄2 cup low-fat coconut milk
  * 6  tablespoons creamy peanut butter
  * 4  tablespoons light soy sauce
  * 4  tablespoons fresh squeezed lime juice
  * 1⁄2 tablespoon rice wine vinegar
  * 2  tablespoons brown sugar
  * 2  teaspoons grated gingerroot
  * 1⁄2 teaspoon red pepper flakes
  * ###  Chicken stir fry 

  * 1⁄2 tablespoon canola oil
  * 1⁄2 tablespoon dark sesame oil
  * 1 -2  teaspoon curry powder (optional)
  * 1  lb chicken breast, cut up into bite size pieces 
  * 6 -8  ounces frozen sugar snap peas
  * 1  medium onion, chopped 
  * 2  garlic cloves, minced 
  * 1⁄4 cup dry roasted peanuts, chopped (lightly salted)
  * cilantro
  * 1⁄2 lb cooked noodles or 1/2 lb cooked pasta

## directions

  * In a bowl combine all sauce ingredients and set aside.
  * Cook noodles or pasta, drain, and set aside.
  * In a large, deep skillet, over medium heat, cook chicken and onions in canola and sesame oil. Halfway through cooking, add garlic to pan. When chicken is done add sugar peas and stir to heat (about a minute or two). Add sauce mixture and stir to coat chicken. Little by little add cooked noodles or pasta stirring to coat.
  * Serve garnished with chopped peanuts and cilantro.

Submit a Recipe Correction

#### MY PRIVATE NOTES

Add a Note

Advertisement

Advertisement

### RECIPE MADE WITH LOVE BY

Follow Me

@Sky Hostess

Contributor

@Sky Hostess

Contributor

"This recipe is a combination of several recipes that I like - I was trying to
copy a meal that is served at a restaurant here in Phoenix called Pei Wei - I
think I did it! This is fabulous! Great flavor. Instead of rice noodles we
used the whole wheat fettuccini noodles from Trader Joe's. An optional
ingredient would be to add 1 to 2 teaspoons of curry powder also. That should
be added when cooking the onion and chicken in the first step. Enjoy! For
those of you have made this before I have tweeked this just a bit. I've added
the vinegar in the sauce. Went back to Pei Wei and discovered it was missing
vinegar! Reduced the oil and the amount of chicken as well."

  * ###### recipes

27

  * ###### tweaks

6

  * ###### photos

22

icons / sparkles / sparkles

### JOIN THE CONVERSATION

icons / sparkles / sparkles

icons / camera

upload

icons / star / star-outline

review

icons / write-a-review

tweak

icons / question

ask

all

reviews

tweaks

q&a

sort by: most popularmost recent icons / navigate / navigate-down

  1. review by  crazycoconut4404 

4/5/2013

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

Too much vinegar, soy sauce, and lime for my taste. I remade the sauce after
making it as directed, but this time added only a splash of vinegar, soy
sauce, and lime and was really pleased with the flavor. I will definitely make
this again!

icons / like Like 2

icons / comment Reply

  2. photo by  JinithA SanjO 

3/18/2013

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  3. review by  swiz58 

11/17/2012

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

I made it as directed and added bean sprouts as suggested. It definitely needs
the curry and I would add more chilis. It was okay but I wouldn't make it
again.

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  4. photo by  Sky Hostess 

8/29/2011

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

  5. review by  mcmahan03 

8/26/2011

icons / ellipsis / ellipsis-horizontal

This is the best Pad Thai sauce recipe! Even beats most restaurants in my
opinion! Love it with chicken, bok choy, bean sprouts, onion, and sugar snap
peas...yum! Thanks for posting!!!

icons / like Like

icons / comment Reply

see 6 more icons / navigate / navigate-down

Advertisement

### YOU'LL ALSO LOVE

53 Thai Food Recipes to Cook at Hom...

53 photos

Chicken Pad Thai

by Mebriella

0

Easy Chicken Pad Thai (Without Tamarind)

by diner524

4

Chicken Pad Thai

by ducky007

0

View All Recipes

### RELATED PAGES

Pad Thai With Chicken and ShrimpTofu Pad ThaiBangkok Style Chicken Pad
ThaiLemongrass Chicken Pad ThaiMy AMAZING Spaghetti Squash CHICKEN PAD
THAIYour Pad or Mine? (Chicken & Shrimp Pad Thai)Keto Chicken Pad ThaiChicken
Pad ThaiSpaghetti Squash Chicken Pad Thai

View Suggestions

BACK TO TOP

icons / social / facebook icons / social / pinterest icons / social / twitter
icons / social / youtube icons / email

  * All Categories 
  * Site Map 
  * About Us 
  * Help 

The Discovery Family of Networks

  * HGTV
  * DIY Network
  * Food Network
  * Cooking Channel
  * Travel Channel
  * HGTV Poland

© 2022 Warner Bros. Discovery, Inc. or its subsidiaries and affiliates. All
rights reserved.

  * Advertise
  * AdChoices
  * Privacy Notice
  * Visitor Agreement

California Privacy Notice CA Do Not Sell My Info

