https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/257938/spicy-thai-basil-chicken-pad-krapow-gai/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. World Cuisine
  4. Asian
  5. Thai
  6. Main Dishes
  7. Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

# Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

Rating: 5 stars 4.7

1103 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 903 
  * 4 star values: 157 
  * 3 star values: 32 
  * 2 star values: 8 
  * 1 star values: 3 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 1,103 Ratings 
  * 759 Reviews 
  * 272 Photos 

My version of this classic Thai dish has spectacular taste even with regular
basil instead of Thai or holy basil. The sauce actually acts like a glaze as
the chicken mixture cooks over high heat. The recipe works best if you chop or
grind your own chicken and have all ingredients prepped before you start
cooking.

Recipe by Chef John

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Read the full recipe after the video.

Add Photo

Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai) quynh

Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai) Tammi

Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai) Allrecipes Member

Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai) Allrecipes Member

\+ 268 268 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

15 mins

cook:

10 mins

total:

25 mins

Servings:

2

Yield:

2 servings

Nutrition Info

Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai) served in a bowl with rice

Advertisement

Skip to Recipe

Allrecipes home cooks give a solid 5-star rating to Chef John's easy-to-make
version of Thai basil chicken (pad krapow gai), a popular Thai restaurant-
worthy dish that's ready in less than 30 minutes. In his easy and accessible
style, Chef John walks you through the recipe ingredients and shows you how to
build layers of flavor using simple cooking techniques.

"I don't cook Thai food at home often, mostly because there are at least a
dozen such restaurants within walking distance, but when I do, there's nothing
I enjoy more than this spicy Thai basil chicken," says Chef John.

##  What Is Thai Basil Chicken

Thai basil chicken is a stir-fry dish made with finely chopped or ground
chicken cooked with chile peppers, garlic, and shallots, and seasoned with a
sweet and salty sauce and finished with fresh basil. It's a classic dish in
Thai cuisine and can be found in restaurants and as a popular street food.

##  Ingredients for Thai Basil Chicken

**Sauce**  
Chicken broth, oyster sauce, soy sauce, fish sauce, white sugar, and brown
sugar are whisked together to make a sweet and salty mixture to flavor the
recipe.

**Chicken**  
Chef John minces skinless, boneless chicken thigh until they're very finely
chopped. You could use packaged ground chicken to speed up the process, but
chopping or grinding your own gives you superior flavor and texture.

**Shallots and garlic**  
Sliced shallots and minced garlic add another layer of flavor.

**Hot chile peppers**  
This is where the heat comes into play. Use Thai chile, serrano chile, or
other hot pepper of your choice, and customize the amount to suit your
tolerance for heat.

**Basil**  
This recipe traditionally uses Thai basil or "holy" basil, which have their
own distinctive flavors. Chef John uses sweet basil, which is more readily
available in most grocery stores. In the recipe video, Chef John demonstrates
how he stacks and rolls basil leaves like a cigar to quickly slice thin
ribbons that cook faster and impart flavor throughout the dish.

"No, I didn't use the real "holy" basil," says Chef John. "But even with
regular basil, this simple recipe is spectacular. Aromatic basil is the
perfect herb for pairing with the slightly sweet, sort of salty, and possibly
spicy, chopped meat."

###  Are Thai Basil and Sweet Basil the Same?

There are more than 100 varieties of basil, all of which are members of the
mint family, and each variety has its own flavor. Thai basil has a mildly
spicy licorice or anise seed flavor. Sweet basil (also known as Italian basil)
tastes sweet and peppery. Holy basil (also called Thai holy basil) tastes of
pepper and cloves.

**Read more** : What's the Difference Between Thai Basil, Sweet Basil, and
Holy Basil?

##  How to Make Thai Basil Chicken

Chef John recommends you prep all the ingredients before you start cooking
because once you start the stir-fry, it all comes together very quickly. Prep
takes about 15 minutes and cooking time is a speedy 10 minutes. If you want to
serve the chicken with steamed rice, time your cooking accordingly.

To get started, you'll add the oil and minced chicken to a smoking-hot skillet
and cook the chicken briefly for a couple of minutes. Next, you'll add the
shallots, garlic, and sliced chilies, and cook for another couple of minutes.
About a tablespoon of the sauce goes in next to cook for a minute with the
chicken until it starts to caramelize on the skillet. Finally, you add the
rest of the sauce, scraping up the caramelization and coating the chicken for
another minute. Remove the skillet from the heat and stir in the basil until
it's wilted from the residual heat. Now your Thai Basil Chicken is ready to
serve.

##  Allrecipes Community Tips and Praise

"Amazing taste and for sure cheaper than buying it in a Thai restaurant," says
Allrecipes home cook Seora Juarez. "As suggested, **go to a local Asian market
to get your basil. It's a more authentic taste, but I've tried it with regular
basil and it tastes good too**. I like mine hot so I finely chop the peppers
to make it spicy."

"Amazing rendition of the classic Thai dish. I tend to use extra garlic and
shallots. **I use serrano chilies because traditional Thai chilies involve an
extra grocery store**. Otherwise make as directed. Perfect for family meals
when I have the time to cook, and my kids love it," says reviewer Blair Dunn.

Allrecipes community member outdoorsgirl says, "I love Thai food and do a lot
of cooking. Kudos to Chef John for taking a Thai recipe and simplifying it so
the average person can make a great dish! Substituting sweet soya instead of
the regular soya and sugar works good too. **The trick is a very hot wok (
hopefully) or skillet**."

Editorial contributions by **Vanessa Greaves**

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

2

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 2 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * ⅓ cup chicken broth 
  * 1 tablespoon oyster sauce 
  * 1 tablespoon soy sauce, or as needed 
  * 2 teaspoons fish sauce 
  * 1 teaspoon white sugar 
  * 1 teaspoon brown sugar 
  * 2 tablespoons vegetable oil 
  * 1 pound skinless, boneless chicken thighs, coarsely chopped 
  * ¼ cup sliced shallots 
  * 4 cloves garlic, minced 
  * 2 tablespoons minced Thai chilies, Serrano, or other hot pepper 
  * 1 cup very thinly sliced fresh basil leaves 
  * 2 cups hot cooked rice 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Whisk chicken broth, oyster sauce, soy sauce, fish sauce, white sugar, and
brown sugar together in a bowl until well blended.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Heat large skillet over high heat. Drizzle in oil. Add chicken and stir fry
until it loses its raw color, 2 to 3 minutes. Stir in shallots, garlic, and
sliced chilies. Continue cooking on high heat until some of the juices start
to caramelize in the bottom of the pan, about 2 or 3 more minutes. Add about a
tablespoon of the sauce mixture to the skillet; cook and stir until sauce
begins to caramelize, about 1 minute.

  * Step 3

Pour in the rest of the sauce. Cook and stir until sauce has deglazed the
bottom of the pan. Continue to cook until sauce glazes onto the meat, 1 or 2
more minutes. Remove from heat.

  * Step 4

Stir in basil. Cook and stir until basil is wilted, about 20 seconds. Serve
with rice.

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

715 calories; protein 49.8g; carbohydrates 58.6g; fat 30g; cholesterol
155.9mg; sodium 1181.9mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (759)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

Raechael

Rating: 4 stars

07/31/2017

This was delicious! My first time using fish and oyster sauce though... I
think next time I make this I might reduce the fish and oyster sauce by half,
but the rest of the recipe was spot on! I used serano peppers since I can't
handle super hot and it worked out well for me but was still spicy enough for
my heat loving husband. I will definitely be making this agian. We loved this
dish!

Read More

Helpful (115)

### Most helpful critical review

Rose Herring Cobb

Rating: 2 stars

07/13/2018

What did I do wrong?! I followed the recipe word for word, made absolutely no
substitutes, and the juices from the chicken totally took over the dish and
ruined it. The oyster-fish sauce never thickened or caramelized leaving the
chicken extremely bland.

Read More

Helpful (26)

1103 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 903 
  * 4 star values: 157 
  * 3 star values: 32 
  * 2 star values: 8 
  * 1 star values: 3 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Raechael

Rating: 4 stars

07/31/2017

This was delicious! My first time using fish and oyster sauce though... I
think next time I make this I might reduce the fish and oyster sauce by half,
but the rest of the recipe was spot on! I used serano peppers since I can't
handle super hot and it worked out well for me but was still spicy enough for
my heat loving husband. I will definitely be making this agian. We loved this
dish!

Tome Trajkovski

Rating: 5 stars

07/12/2018

YUM! Great recipe. Chef John does say in his video that the cooking technique
he used is not the "authentic" method, but it gets the job done, and it's
likely that most home cooks will use a variation of his video method. My stove
is also typical for American stoves and the burners do not generate the
blazing BTUs needed for authentic "stir fry" cooking method that creates that
wonderful caramelization without overcooking lean meats like white meat
chicken and most cuts of pork. To get a better caramelization without
overcooking/drying the meat I use the Chinese meat "velveting" technique, and
cook the meat separately from the veggies, or rice when doing a fried rice.
Velveting is very simple. Once you've cut the meat into small cubes, slices,
or chopped, then put the meat in a non plastic bowl and a bit of white wine,
soy, and the very important corn starch, mix to coat and let it sit for about
15-20 minutes. The liquids will high salinity will seep into the meat bringing
a bit more moisture into it, and the corn starch will create a coating that
tempers the high heat of the pan so that the meat cooks nicely yet retains its
moistness. It is a WONDERFUL technique that works. Once everything is prepped,
heat up your pan with some oil in it. Don't use EVOO as it has a low smoking
point and will burn too quickly with the high heat you need. Plus, EVOO has a
particular flavor that is better suited to salad dressings and low heat saute
dishes. Once the oil starts to sm

Lori P

Rating: 5 stars

06/07/2017

This is a great recipe! It was better than the expensive take out that I get.
I doubled the sauce because I wanted to add some vegetables. I seared
mushrooms in a cast iron skillet (hint: put in microwave for 30 sec and it
will release water that doesn't allow them to brown) also added some bok choy.
Yummy, wish I had left overs. It was a little salty but I think I may have
added a bit too much fish sauce. First time using oyster sauce and I love it.
Thai basil is a great addition to the recipe. You can get it at your local
Asian market. Thank you, Chef.

Sailor_Coutts

Rating: 5 stars

05/14/2017

Wow, it was FANTASTIC! I followed the recipe to a Tee and wouldn't change a
thing. As for the variables, I used chicken breast instead of thighs, a
Serrano Pepper (with all seeds) and one little habanero pepper (used 4 seeds),
2 tsp palm sugar, and regular basil. I enjoy a medium spice for the most part
at restaurants and the pepper ratio I used worked really well, very spicy but
the flavorful kind. It will get you sniffling for sure! Tone down the spice by
removing some seeds. I made it last week, and I am making it again this week!
A new dinner staple! Thanks Chef John!

Rose Herring Cobb

Rating: 2 stars

07/13/2018

What did I do wrong?! I followed the recipe word for word, made absolutely no
substitutes, and the juices from the chicken totally took over the dish and
ruined it. The oyster-fish sauce never thickened or caramelized leaving the
chicken extremely bland.

Heidi

Rating: 5 stars

08/08/2017

This is absolutely delicious!! My husband would eat Thai food EVERY day if he
could. I've always been so intimidated to try cooking Thai cuisine, but, Chef
John made this so easy. I love, love, love Chef John's recipes & his videos
are immensely helpful and priceless! Definitely chop chicken when it's still
partially frozen! I backed off on the fish sauce a bit b/c it just smells so
unappetizing and the 1st time I made this I felt like it was all I could
taste...only used 1 tsp. of fish sauce and it's perfect for us. Also, Chef
John loooooves spice in his food. While I love spice, too, the rest of my fam
isn't crazy about it, so, use peppers at your own discretion. I think I use 1
(sometimes only 1/2) serrano pepper, seeded. This barely makes enough for 3-4.
If making for a bigger crowd then I would double. Also, make sure you have all
of your ingredients prepped & ready since this cooks up FAST. In his video he
actually cooks this in what looks like a cast iron skillet, but, I actually
cook it in my wok. Have made this several times & comes out perfect every
time!--thanks, Chef John!!

cat667

Rating: 5 stars

07/02/2017

This is sooooo good! I made this to serve as lettuce wraps with some jasmine
rice and veggie egg rolls. It was savory, sweet, spicy and delicious. Next
time I will serve it with rice and a sunny side egg as suggested...but the
lettuce wraps were an excellent alternative. Tip: Double or triple the recipe
as the leftovers make a quick and delicious lunch for work!

KALNICH

Rating: 5 stars

06/30/2017

Fantastic! The hardest part was chopping up the chicken without a butcher
knife. Might have to invest one because this was a hit in my house (also, it
looks like fun...and a great de-stressor :) ). Flavor was amazing! I had about
1-1/2 pounds of chicken and I doubled the sauce because we like enough sauce
for the rice so soak up some. I served over jasmine rice. Everyone loved it
and not a bite left over!

Dee

Rating: 5 stars

06/21/2017

I read the reviews before making and so doubled the sauce as that seemed to be
a common thing. I used 3 chilli peppers and found it was only a hint of spice,
nothing over powering. Would definitely make again, with additional Thai
peppers and possibly bell peppers for colour. Edit: 3-4 chilli peppers seems
to be right for us (5 was a bit too much, although can handle). Half an orange
bell pepper added nice colour to the dish. Take the time to cut up the chicken
into smaller than bite sized pieces.

Christine

Rating: 5 stars

05/11/2017

This was better than 90% of the restaurant versions I've tried. I used vegan
oyster sauce (mushroom-based sauce) due to a shellfish allergy and doubled the
sauce. I also added red peppers and broccoli, which I stir fried for a few
minutes before cooking the chicken. I love that, other than the crazy sodium
level, this recipe is incredibly healthy.

Kourtney Greenfield

Rating: 5 stars

05/24/2017

This was excellent. I am a novice cook, and this seemed a bit complicated, but
I followed the recipe exactly (except I substituted chicken breasts for
thighs) and it turned out great. For some reason my kids weren't so wild about
it, but my husband and I loved it; I guess the kids are going to have to
suffer through eating this dish repeatedly.

Tammy

Rating: 5 stars

05/18/2017

Very tasty. I used chicken tenders instead of thighs to make a
little,healthier. I used 4 Thai chilies that I removed the seeds from and it
was still pretty hot so next time would use Serrano or jalapeño pepper. I
would also add a little more brown sugar to make a little sweeter and double
the sauce.

Josh Yacub

Rating: 3 stars

02/16/2018

Made this a few time now. Flavors are spot on but there is a big flaw with
using that much chicken broth. To get the sauce to caramelize and coat the
chicken you end up severely over cooking the chicken because you have to
reduce all that chicken broth. Ideally you omit the chicken broth until the
end and then add if if you want a bit more of a saucy dish. No other Pad
Krakow Gai recipes use chicken broth.

kathy

Rating: 4 stars

05/22/2017

This was good! I added broccoli and red pepper, which diluted the sauce with
the liquid they produced while cooking. That was the only disappointment, but
that was my fault. Like the idea of the veggies but maybe next time no pepper.
Sounds silly but I really enjoyed the chopped up chicken vs. bite size pieces!
My family enjoyed this. update: Made this again last night. Doubled everything
except the fish sauce and didn't add any veggies. My sauce was not thickening
so I dissolved about a T. of corn starch in a little water and added it and
that did the trick. I enjoyed it much better without the veggies. Did not
dilute the flavor of the sauce.

Shawn M Collins

Rating: 5 stars

04/25/2018

I double the recipe, and triple the sauce....xtra sauce is great on the
rice....my husband and son love this, and that is why we always make a double
batch....for leftovers....excellent recipe, and not hard to make. Sometimes I
will add some additional veggies to it, depending on how I feel. Try it,
You'll like it!

Jane Allen

Rating: 5 stars

07/02/2017

I used left over pulled pork and about 12 Thai chilies and this was absolutely
amazing. I will try with chicken soon. I needed to use up the pork and a ton
of basil. I deseeded the Thai peppers because I was afraid of the heat but
ended up adding chopped fresh to my dish. Definitely double the sauce.

Ryan Walker

Rating: 5 stars

07/14/2018

Spot on. The sauce is phenomenal, I found that adding a little chili oil was a
good addition.

gourmette

Rating: 5 stars

05/18/2017

Very easy to make, delicious, even with dry basil

Pam Elliott

Rating: 5 stars

07/01/2017

fantastic will make it again soon!

Rochelle

Rating: 5 stars

10/01/2017

Amazing!!!!! Thai basil is a necessity!

John Lindsey

Rating: 5 stars

06/05/2017

I added an extra two Serrano peppers the same time I added the rest of the
fish/oyster sauce because the first time I made it, all I could taste was fish
sauce. This made all the difference.

Chris

Rating: 5 stars

08/06/2017

Absolutely delicious! I've made it at least a half a dozen times now, and plan
to make it again soon. Besides being delicious, I was surprised by how quick
and easy it is to make. After prepping everything, I put the rice on to cook,
start cooking the chicken, and the chicken's done a couple of minutes before
the rice is ready. The first time I made it I used Thai chilis and Thai basil,
and it was great, although 2 Tbs of Thai chilis was way too much (still
delicious, but very spicy, and I have a high tolerance). Cutting the Thai
chilis to one tablespoon seemed about right, but if you're sensitive you might
want to cut back to a teaspoon, or use a milder type of pepper like serranos.
The second time I used mostly Italian basil and serrano peppers - cutting the
amount of peppers almost in half - and although I liked the flavor with the
Thai basil better, it was still fantastic, and the amount of heat was just
right. The only other change I made was to double the amount of sauce, just to
make the end product a little saucier. This one's a keeper! One more thing...
I've mostly made it with chicken thighs, as described in the recipe, but it
works equally well with flank steak, thinly sliced and cross-cut into bite-
sized pieces.

Lala Monte (LaurenGBC)

Rating: 5 stars

05/19/2017

Amazing, CHEF JOHN!!

Irenepug

Rating: 5 stars

01/23/2019

I made the recipe with one modification, which was to add Stevia instead of
sugar because I do low-carb. Also I used Italian Basil, because I could not
find Holy Basil. Hubby still thought it was delicious.

SpiceOfLife

Rating: 5 stars

06/21/2017

Outstanding! I made this tonight for guests and it turned out perfectly. To
compliment I cut up some fresh Thai chilies and served them in sushi vinegar.
Thanks for another winner Chef John!

Kevin Cowley

Rating: 4 stars

05/09/2017

Love me some Chef John, and this method produces a nice tasting version of a
great Thai dish! If (when) I make this again, I will amp up the seasoning
(maybe 1.5x or 2x the sauce mixture) because while the flavors were right,
adding more of them really makes this dish pop.

ValerieVAB

Rating: 5 stars

07/13/2018

This delicious!! It was nice to use Thai basil and serenos from my yard. My
oyster sauce had gone bad so I googled replacements and ended up adding more
fish sauce and soy sauce, I made twice the sauce served on Jasmine rice and
chopped green onions.

robandly

Rating: 5 stars

01/20/2019

I followed the recipe straight up and added chopped water chestnuts. Husband
loved it.

londonlinn

Rating: 5 stars

05/28/2017

As usual Chef John gets 5 stars more if I could give him. Loved this recipe, I
followed the recipe to a 't' even put the egg on top. My husband went back for
seconds. Thanks again John.

Andrew

Rating: 5 stars

05/23/2017

I made this dish and it was excellent. I love spice, but this was almost too
much to handle. I must have used too many peppers or the recipe is simply that
hot. I would recommend reducing the peppers and adding them to taste.

Frangipani White

Rating: 5 stars

07/15/2018

My first try and I just didn't have fish sauce available just work out so
good.. and I'll definitely do it again..... love chicken Thai basil... .thanks
for sharing.

Blair Garner

Rating: 5 stars

07/10/2017

THIS was sooo good! It definitely took longer in prep than it says, but it was
well worth the wait. I paired it with coconut milk rice and couldn't wait to
post the pic to Instagram. Loved it!

MoJo

Rating: 5 stars

12/29/2018

Wow, this recipe is astounding! Tasted very authentically Thai!!I Took my time
and followed the recipe pretty exactly except for doubling the sauce in
general and using about 4x the fish sauce it called for. Made some Tom Kai Gai
soup to go with it and there is already begging for a repeat:)

AKLEBLAN

Rating: 5 stars

06/01/2017

This was great. I love spicy food and this did not disappoint. I followed the
recipe as written. My only regret is that I did not adjust for a 6 or 8
serving. I did it for 4 and there was only vapors left over after my daughter
got ahold of it.

Amy

Rating: 5 stars

07/10/2017

A+. I will be making this again. I used chicken breasts and they got a little
dry. Next time I'll make a double batch so I can have leftovers and I'll make
a little bit not so spicy (for my children).

alley71

Rating: 5 stars

05/16/2017

It's as good as everyone says! Watching the video is helpful for first time.

Wendy Orwig

Rating: 5 stars

08/11/2018

This is by far the best Thai recipe I’ve made and I’ve tried a lot. I was
searching for something that was similar to the Take Out I’d been getting at a
local restaurant. This surpasses it. I’ve made it exactly as is, substituted
beef for chicken, and experimented with different peppers and it’s always
delicious. I always double the sauce. There are never any leftovers. Perfect
recipe Chef John!

Jessica Walters

Rating: 5 stars

03/06/2019

I adjusted the recipe, as I am on time and allergy constraints. I used ground
chicken instead of cubed chicken, as it does cook faster. I used Hoison sauce
in place of the oyster sauce, and Worcestershire sauce in place of the fish
sauce. It was amazing!!! My picky-eater ate two bowls.

Teri Lloyd

Rating: 5 stars

01/09/2019

Thank you Chef John for another winner! I regularly order this dish at one of
the best-rated Thai restaurants in DC and this is every bit as delicious!
Worth it — dark meat chicken, real Thai basil and don’t skip that nice, rich
egg on the top!

Monique Roy Whitcomb

Rating: 5 stars

07/16/2018

Loved this. Followed recipe exactly. I used one tbls. of each, Red chili
pepper and Serrano pepper and it was just a little bit spicy. Next time I
would add at least another tbls. of peppers because I like more spice. I did
add a bit of ground black pepper also. Another thing I would change next time
would be to use coconut oil rather than vegetable oil. But all in all it was
really good!

Blair Garner

Rating: 5 stars

07/10/2017

THIS was sooo good! It definitely took longer in prep than it says, but it was
well worth the wait. I paired it with coconut milk rice and couldn't wait to
post the pic to Instagram. Loved it!

DianeRobertson

Rating: 3 stars

05/12/2019

I made it exactly as described, but tasted as I went and thought it was too
bland. However, I added salt, a tablespoon of thai chili sauce, more hot
peppers, and peanuts, and then it was probably the best Asian dish we have
made at home. I served it with steamed sugar snap peas and rice.

carol

Rating: 5 stars

05/16/2018

I rarely write reviews but this dish is worth my time. Absolutely delicious! A
perfect blend of spicy and sweet in the sauce and great basil flavor. Such a
refreshing change from my normal Thai choices. I did end up with quite a lot
of liquid that did not reduce as I did not want to over cook the ingredients.
I just served it in a bowl with the rice and the extra liquid made it even
better.

Mr Moose

Rating: 5 stars

05/18/2017

I did not use chilies. I used a Asian sweet chili sauce (1T). Next time will
use a little fresh ginger. My kids ate it up.

jerber

Rating: 5 stars

03/01/2019

Made this a few times already. and it's fantastic! The basil is a must! I
didn't have it one time and it made a huge difference. I like to put a little
extra. I've also made this with regular ground chicken/ turkey. Great with
that too especially if you don't have time to mince chop your chicken. Side
note: the fish sauce is noticeable but tolerable. My bf who normally hates
certain dishes because of the fish sauce gobbled this up. The basil helped
masked the "fishiness".

Patrick Swick

Rating: 5 stars

07/13/2018

T A S T Y

Andrew Weisert

Rating: 5 stars

01/28/2019

Excellent meal! Easy to make, and the recipe allows for you to add your own
veggies, etc. We used cauliflower rice instead of white rice, and it worked
perfectly.

PerpetualDreamer

Rating: 5 stars

07/13/2018

Easy, great flavor. My chicken was a bit juicier so it took me longer to boil
the sauce down, but other than that, I didn't make any adjustments and it came
out great

Snowy Moon

Rating: 5 stars

07/14/2018

Wonderful wonderful recipe. it's one of the few recipes that doesn't require
lots and lots of ingredients that a student living alone wouldn't have, and
it's absolutely delicious.

evita730

Rating: 5 stars

07/13/2018

Really good ! My 2 sons really enjoyed this meal, only regret that I should
have doubled the recipe !

kmacro

Rating: 5 stars

05/11/2017

So much flavor. I added a little crushed red pepper at the end because I could
not find Thai chili peppers. My almost 2yr old son ate half a plate. I made 1
cup uncooked brown rice and doubled the servings to feed 4. It was just the
right amount. I will make a bit more rice next time for filler. Highly
Recommend This Dish

Heather Wyllie

Rating: 5 stars

07/15/2018

This is so good and tastes authentic. Yum.

Ed Hampton

Rating: 5 stars

07/15/2018

Simply amazing!! I think it's quite possibly the best chicken dish I ever
made. Being Diabetic, I substituted 2 packs of Splenda for the sugars.

ValleyLily

Rating: 5 stars

06/09/2017

Really really good flavor! Took a little longer than 20 min for me to prep. I
also added a small yellow onion and one red bell pepper. I had to drain some
of the liquid from the veggies in order for the chicken to carmelize but
proceeded as instructed. Will definitely make again!!

Carla

Rating: 5 stars

11/18/2018

I had an abundance of Thai basil in my garden this year so was excited to try
this recipe. I've made it many times since then and it's always divine! Thai
basil really gives it that extra flavor and spiciness. Thai basil is really
easy to grow. I've even started plants by taking home a section of the Thai
basil garnish that comes with a bowl of Pho. Just put the stem in a little jar
of water until roots form, then transplant in soil with lots of light.

Patti

Rating: 5 stars

07/15/2018

No changes, and just loved it! Can never go wrong with a recipe from Chef
John. I had lots of fresh basil and was looking from something to do with it -
thanks John. Shared the recipe on FB with my friends.

Heather Snyder

Rating: 5 stars

04/29/2017

mmm! we love thai and this is spot on ??

Ajc1305

Rating: 4 stars

11/27/2017

We all liked this, including the kids. Made it pretty much the way it was
written. Have saved it and will make again.

proudmomto2

Rating: 5 stars

06/13/2018

This had wonderful flavor! It was a little salty but that was my error, I
added wrong amount of fish sauce. I served it along with cauliflower rice -
went great together! Thanks for a great recipe.

Rachel Lucas

Rating: 5 stars

01/11/2019

This is the nicest meal I’ve made in a long time. I didn’t make any changes
and it was delicious!

Lisa in Phoenix

Rating: 4 stars

01/23/2019

Addictive! I like that I was able to substitute some of the main “specialty”
ingredients with typical grocery items. I used 4 Serrano and 1 jalapeño
pepper, but diced them up so they wouldn’t be too crunchy. I used regular
fresh basil instead of holy basil and also used the white/brown sugar combo
instead of coconut sugar. I had 1.2 lbs. of chicken thighs and since many
people recommended doubling the sauce, I did as well but will not do that next
time. I let my refrigerated oyster sauce reach room temp before creating the
sauce, but I still had an issue with the sauce not being a glaze. It was
definitely watery. When I make this again (and I will!), I will back off the
fish sauce by 1 tsp because it was a tad fishy. It took me 15 min to cut up
the chicken since I don’t have a cleaver so might have to invest in one. I
ended up with 2 large servings & very sad not to have leftovers. Be sure to
watch Chef John’s video because you can see what everything is supposed to
look like, plus he’s very entertaining!

Katherine Chou

Rating: 5 stars

10/19/2017

Easy and delicious. There was extra sauce left over so I would say can
increase the chicken ratio.

Shelley W

Rating: 5 stars

07/09/2018

We loved this!!! Only substitution was to use some sweet basil from our garden
and supplemented with basil paste because that’s what we had on hand.
(Apparently, everyone was making this dish because 2 nearby stores were
strangely out of basil.) we found Chef John hit homerun again!! A new favorite
for us and I can’t wait to make it for friends. Delish! Thanks again, Chef
John!! You can never retire:)

Frankie

Rating: 4 stars

07/18/2018

No, no changes but will make again. GREAT!!!!!

v~

Rating: 5 stars

03/13/2019

As typical for Chef John recipe, won’t disappoint! Only Asian recipe I’ve made
at home I liked as well or better than restaurant version; saying a lot!!!

Kelsey90

Rating: 5 stars

03/06/2019

Followed the recipe exactly. It was delicious! I like spice so I used red Thai
chilies. There was a ton of flavour in this, I will be making it again. Next
time I will add some more veggies but that’s all I would change!

Chris

Rating: 5 stars

01/29/2019

Followed the recipe as best as I could, but because they were out of fresh
basil at my grocery store, I used about three tablespoons of basil paste
instead. I also used three chopped dried chili de arbol, since I had some at
home. Added some fresh mushrooms and using the advice of another reviewer, I
sauteed them first in my cast iron skillet and then added them later along
with some bamboo shoots with the remaining sauce. Absolutely fantastic, but no
surprise here....every recipe I have tried from Chef John has been a keeper!

Helen Teeples

Rating: 5 stars

07/19/2018

Made this last night, and it was super good. However, I didn't have shallots
so substituted a sliced onion. I found that my chicken thighs (organic free-
range) really got quite soupy, so I had to remove quite a bit of liquid. Might
have been using too small a pan (but it was a wok instead of a cast iron pan;
that might have made the difference). Husband and I loved it! Thanks Chef John
for another great meal.

Samantha Kaye James

Rating: 5 stars

01/26/2019

This was crazy delicious with an authentic oriental flavor. Watch out for the
Thai chilies, they are sneaky hot!

Laura

Rating: 5 stars

08/08/2017

Made the recipe as written, and it was very good. Next time I would add some
grated carrot at the very end of cook time.

Keeli

Rating: 5 stars

07/07/2018

I had a bunch of Thai basil leftover from a week of sushi making and this
seemed like the perfect place to use it up. I will admit I didn't think the
recipe seemed like anything special, but wow the way everything comes together
is just spectacular. Wouldn't change a thing!

Ted Detwiler

Rating: 5 stars

08/04/2017

Made this per the recipe, but I don't really measure anything precisely.
Couldn't find Thai Basil so I had to use regular and it turned out great. Key
is to chop the chicken into very small pieces and really brown it with the
sauce. If you don't get crusty pieces on the bottom of the pan, it won't be
the same. Recommend you vary the peppers and amount of peppers based on the
amount of heat you want. I used one serrano and the heat was about right for
everyone.

ddgross

Rating: 5 stars

09/25/2017

I used only 2 Serrano peppers with half of the seeds removed. It was spicy
enough but next time will use 1 Serrano and 1 Habanero for just a bit more
kick. One problem I had was I cooked it about 20 seconds too long in the end.
Once it caramelizes it can burn very quickly at such a high heat setting. So
it came out almost a bit crunchy but very taste non the less. I was amazed at
how much it was restaurant quality. (minus the over cooking)

Cynthia Jenson

Rating: 5 stars

06/03/2018

I’ve made this recipe several times. I usually add eggplant and sliced onions,
which I did this time as well but

TLM

Rating: 5 stars

01/19/2018

First time ever using fish sauce and oyster sauce. I was very skeptical that
it wouldn’t taste like fish but it didn’t! I made the recipe exactly as it
says but used ground chicken breast instead (personal preference) and served
it with jasmine rice. Husband wants it again very soon.

Daniel Fougere

Rating: 5 stars

06/10/2018

it was great! I used two serrano peppers and doubled the sauce recipe.

Kabee

Rating: 5 stars

01/24/2018

Just made this for the 10th time or so. Simply perfect!

ike

Rating: 5 stars

05/27/2018

No changes

Ken Stevenson

Rating: 5 stars

07/18/2018

Very tasty and easy to make.

Carol Edlin

Rating: 4 stars

07/13/2018

Good dish

crice

Rating: 5 stars

01/16/2018

Absolutely Delicioso

SSK

Rating: 5 stars

07/01/2018

Fantastic! This will officially join the regular rotation at our house. The
only change I made was to cut the fish sauce down to one teaspoon. I loved how
I didn't have to pre-marinate the chicken, but it was still so flavorful. I
used kitchen shears to cut the chicken (I used chicken tenderloins) into small
pieces, which is key. We like our Pad Krapow a bit more saucy, so I may play
around to increase the liquid in this next time. Thank you for a great recipe!

carmelr57

Rating: 5 stars

03/11/2019

This was amazing! I mad zero modifications and it came out absolutely perfect.
My husband loved it and I’ll definitely be making this again. Adding this one
to my list of frequent dinners.

Lionel Forsey

Rating: 5 stars

07/17/2018

Delicious! Makes large amount to serve a crowd

suz

Rating: 5 stars

01/14/2019

Delicious! Doubled recipe and turned out fantastic! Great flavor, easy to
make, even my kids liked it! Next time may add some zucchini slices to get a
little veggie in.

Alex Lake

Rating: 5 stars

06/20/2018

I added green bell pepper, onion, and peas to make it a little closer to the
recipe used at my local Thai restaurant. It was a little mild for my taste,
next time I'm adding more spice, but the flavor was perfect.

A Hargraves

Rating: 5 stars

03/13/2019

Double the sauce. Add some veggies like bell peppers for a bit of bite.
Dialing in the heat can be tough. I've been using Sriracha to supplement the
peppers. Make sure to wash your rice before cooking.

Trefrosk

Rating: 5 stars

10/04/2017

the whole family enjoyed it. They requested a repeat. Even my daughter who
does not care for spicy foods wants me to make it again.

cquinn74

Rating: 5 stars

06/26/2018

Will definitely be making this again! Flavorful, easy, healthy and quick! I
seeded the peppers and was expecting it to be a little spicier, so next time I
might leave the jalapeño seeds in. Also, didn’t have boneless, skinless thighs
so used boneless, skinless breasts. It was still flavorful and since it cooked
fast, did not dry out. Will probably do that again! Watching the video is nice
because it makes it seem like you’ve done it before.

Shauna Tiner

Rating: 5 stars

09/25/2017

Fantastic and EASY to make. Very flavorful!

Erin Pfaff

Rating: 5 stars

12/06/2017

Chef John did it again! This was excellent. The only change I made was
substituting clam sauce for oyster sauce, as that is what I had on hand. I
rarely use oyster/clam sauce, so I'll probably freeze the extra in ice cube
trays for the next time I make this recipe.

Chef@Heart

Rating: 5 stars

09/10/2017

This was easy to prepare and came out very flavorful. I had to make with less
heat since Mom can not eat spicy/heat foods, but it was still delish! Highly
recommend. I love Thai food but didn't think I would be able to make it
myself! Thanks Chef John!

chiefjel

Rating: 5 stars

07/18/2018

Easy to do You do need to use Thai Basil that is the secret ingredient

jillyon

Rating: 5 stars

06/05/2018

This was a really great meal and I followed the recipe pretty much to a T (I
used chicken breast instead). One thing I did do was after I cooked the
chicken I ran it in the food processor for a 2-3 seconds to shred it and that
worked out really well. I will definitely be making this again with no edits!

Marcia

Rating: 5 stars

03/11/2019

This was very delicious and I will be making it again!

jeff f

Rating: 5 stars

01/31/2018

My wife told me that this was the best dish I had ever made for her.

Bill Bean

Rating: 5 stars

12/10/2017

I did not put in enough basil. Loved it.

Jackie Wojtanik Parrish

Rating: 5 stars

06/26/2018

I used Hoisin sauce instead of Oyster because I didn't have any. This was
amazing simply as is. I chopped the chicken very small, bite sized pieces.
This will now go in our monthly rotation.

elizabeth

Rating: 5 stars

07/17/2018

FANTASTIC!!!

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

##  All Reviews for Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

Servings Per Recipe: 2  
Calories: 715.4  

% Daily Value *

protein:  49.8g  100 %

carbohydrates:  58.6g  19 %

dietary fiber:  1.4g  6 %

sugars:  6.1g

fat:  30g  46 %

saturated fat:  6.5g  33 %

cholesterol:  155.9mg  52 %

vitamin a iu:  1567.8IU  31 %

niacin equivalents:  23.4mg  180 %

vitamin b6:  1mg  60 %

vitamin c:  31mg  52 %

folate:  132.6mcg  33 %

calcium:  98.9mg  10 %

iron:  5.5mg  30 %

magnesium:  92mg  33 %

potassium:  669.7mg  19 %

sodium:  1181.9mg  47 %

thiamin:  0.4mg  43 %

calories from fat:  270.2

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 759

Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

1 of 272 Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

quynh

Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

2 of 272 Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

Tammi

Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

3 of 272 Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

Allrecipes Member

Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

4 of 272 Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

Allrecipes Member

Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

5 of 272 Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

bgrille

Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

6 of 272 Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

Rachelw77

Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

7 of 272 Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

izzebella087

Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

8 of 272 Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

John Bennett

Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

9 of 272 Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

Kel Habicht-Berg

Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

10 of 272 Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

Sharon Pickell

Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

11 of 272 Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

Will Brockman

Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

12 of 272 Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

Shelby Lehr

Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

13 of 272 Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

Hui Chien Ong

Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

14 of 272 Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

MISSHALYE

Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

15 of 272 Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

kristofer gerlach

Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

16 of 272 Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

Stephen Dante Ramella

Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

17 of 272 Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

tmoresco

Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

18 of 272 Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

Yuko C

Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

19 of 272 Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

Marty

Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

20 of 272 Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

Alexander

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai) to your
Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Spicy Thai Basil Chicken (Pad Krapow Gai)

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

