https://www.eatingwell.com/recipe/265888/chicken-pad-thai/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

EatingWell EatingWell

  * Healthy Recipes
  * Special Diets
  * Diabetes
  * Healthy Meal Plans
  * Healthy Eating
  * Healthy Lifestyle
  * Healthy Cooking
  * Shop
  * News
  * Videos

Search Close

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * My Profile
  * Email Preferences
  * Favorites
  * Newsletters
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Help
  * Logout

Your Account

Your Account

### Account

  * Join Now
  * My Profile
  * Email Preferences
  * Favorites
  * Newsletters
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Help
  * Logout

Login

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore EatingWell

EatingWell EatingWell

  * Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * 2022 American Food Heroes

####  2022 American Food Heroes

With our sixth annual list, we celebrate the pursuits of those trying to make
the world a better place through the great unifier—food.  Read More

    * The #1 Breakfast for Diabetes, According to a Dietitian

####  The #1 Breakfast for Diabetes, According to a Dietitian

Prepping a balanced breakfast that contains fiber-rich carbohydrates, protein
and healthy fats can help combat high morning blood sugar. And, this breakfast
is yummy, too.  Read More

    * Our 20 Most Popular Sandwiches to Make This Summer

####  Our 20 Most Popular Sandwiches to Make This Summer

These filling and tasty sandwich recipes can be enjoyed for lunch or dinner.
Whether you're packing it to-go or eating at home, these sandwiches are full
of summer flavors, from cucumbers and avocados to tomatoes and basil. Once you
try sandwiches like our Cucumber Sandwich and Chickpea Salad Sandwich, you'll
quickly understand why our readers have clicked on these recipes all season
long.  Read More

  * Healthy Recipes

### Healthy Recipes

See All Healthy Recipes

    * Healthy Breakfast & Brunch Recipes
    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Healthy Dinner Recipes
    * Healthy Snack Recipes
    * Healthy Dessert Recipes
    * Healthy Soup Recipes
    * Healthy Salad Recipes
    * Healthy Smoothie Recipes
    * Healthy Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Healthy Slow-Cooker & Crockpot Recipes
    * Healthy Kids Recipes
    * Healthy Holiday Recipes
    * Healthy Vegan Recipes
    * Healthy Vegetarian Recipes
    * Healthy Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Healthy Diabetes-Friendly Recipes
    * Healthy Low-Calorie Recipes
    * Healthy Weight Loss & Diet Recipes
    * More Lifestyle Diet Recipes
    * More Health Condition Recipes
    * More Dietary Restriction Recipes
    * More Nutrient Focused Recipes

  * Special Diets

### Special Diets

See All Special Diets

    * Clean Eating Diet Center
    * Mediterranean Diet Center
    * Low-Carb Diet Center
    * Weight Loss Center
    * Dairy-Free Diet Center
    * Gluten-Free Diet Center
    * High-Fiber Diet Center
    * Vegan Diet Center
    * Vegetarian Diet Center
    * Heart-Healthy Diet Center
    * Cholesterol Diet Center
    * Diabetes Diet Center
    * High Blood Pressure Diet Center
    * Low Sodium Diet Center
    * Healthy Aging Diet Center
    * Pregnancy Diet Center

  * Diabetes

### Diabetes

See All Diabetes

    * Meal Plans for Diabetes
    * Diabetes-Friendly Recipes
    * Diabetes Diet Center

  * Healthy Meal Plans

### Healthy Meal Plans

See All Healthy Meal Plans

    * Meal Planning 101
    * Dinner Plans
    * Clean Eating Meal Plans
    * Mediterranean Diet Meal Plans
    * Low-Carb Meal Plans
    * Weight-Loss Meal Plans
    * Dairy-Free Meal Plans
    * Gluten-Free Meal Plans
    * High-Fiber Meal Plans
    * Vegan Meal Plans
    * Vegetarian Meal Plans
    * Heart-Healthy Meal Plans
    * Low Cholesterol Meal Plans
    * Meal Plans for Diabetes
    * Blood Pressure Meal Plans
    * Low Sodium Meal Plans
    * Anti-Aging Meal Plans
    * Pregnancy Meal Plans
    * Healthy Kids Meal Plans
    * ThePrep

  * Healthy Eating

### Healthy Eating

See All Healthy Eating

    * Healthy Eating 101
    * Eat More Vegetables
    * 30-Day Challenges
    * Good Food Fast
    * Healthy Eating for Kids
    * Best Healthy Foods
    * Green and Sustainable Eating
    * The Beet
    * Transformed

  * Healthy Lifestyle

### Healthy Lifestyle

See All Healthy Lifestyle

    * Wine, Beer & Spirits Guide
    * Entertaining
    * EatingWell in Real Life
    * Plant Your Plate
    * Healthy Pets
    * American Food Heroes
    * Future of Food
    * Food with Purpose
    * Obsessed

  * Healthy Cooking

### Healthy Cooking

See All Healthy Cooking

    * Healthy Cooking How-To's
    * Ask the Test Kitchen
    * Budget Cooking Guide
    * Thrifty
    * Heritage Cooking

  * Shop

### Shop

See All Shop

    * EatingWell Cookbooks & More
    * EatingWell Frozen Meals

  * News
  * Videos

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * My Profile
  * Email Preferences
  * Favorites
  * Newsletters
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Help
  * Logout

Your Account

Your Account

### Account

  * Join Now
  * My Profile
  * Email Preferences
  * Favorites
  * Newsletters
  * Manage Your Subscription this link opens in a new tab
  * Help
  * Logout

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Healthy Recipes
  3. Healthy Ingredient Recipes
  4. Healthy Meat & Poultry Recipes
  5. Healthy Chicken Recipes
  6. Healthy Chicken Main Dish Recipes
  7. Healthy Chicken Pasta Recipes
  8. Chicken Pad Thai

# Chicken Pad Thai

Rating: 4.5 stars

2 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 1 
  * 4 star values: 1 
  * 3 star values: 0 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 0 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 2 Ratings 
  * 2 Reviews 

A delicious balance of sweet, sour and salty flavors complements rice noodles
and chicken in this quick and easy pad thai. We trimmed calories and boosted
flavor by cutting back on the sugar you'll find in many restaurant versions.
As with any stir-fry, be sure to have all your ingredients prepped before you
begin--the steps move quickly once the cooking starts.

Carolyn Casner

Source: EatingWell.com, June 2018

Save Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

## Gallery

Chicken Pad Thai

## Recipe Summary

active:

30 mins

total:

30 mins

Servings:

4

### Nutrition Profile:

  * Low-Calorie
  * Dairy-Free
  * Gluten-Free
  * Soy-Free
  * Healthy Aging
  * Healthy Immunity

Nutrition Info

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Ingredient Checklist

  * 6 ounces dried wide rice noodles 
  * 2 tablespoons peanut oil, divided 
  * 12 ounces boneless, skinless chicken thighs, trimmed and cut into bite-size pieces 
  * 3 cloves garlic, minced 
  * 2 large eggs, lightly beaten 
  * 1 7-ounce package mung bean sprouts (about 4 cups) 
  * 1 bunch scallions, trimmed and sliced, 1/4 cup reserved for garnish 
  * ¼ cup rice vinegar 
  * 2 tablespoons fish sauce 
  * 2 tablespoons brown sugar 
  * ½ teaspoon crushed red pepper 
  * ¼ cup chopped unsalted dry-roasted peanuts 
  * Lime wedges 

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add noodles and cook until just al
dente, 6 to 8 minutes. Drain and rinse under cold running water to stop
further cooking and prevent sticking.

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a wok or large skillet over high heat. Add chicken
and cook, stirring often, until just cooked through, about 5 minutes. Remove
to a plate. Add the remaining 1 tablespoon oil and garlic; cook, stirring, for
15 seconds. Add eggs and cook, stirring, until scrambled, about 30 seconds.

  * Step 3

Add the drained noodles, chicken (and any accumulated juices), sprouts,
scallions, vinegar, fish sauce, brown sugar and crushed red pepper; toss until
heated through, 1 to 2 minutes. Sprinkle with peanuts and the reserved 1/4 cup
scallions and serve with lime wedges.

##  Nutrition Facts

Serving Size:

1 1/3 cups

Per Serving:

457 calories; protein 24.7g; carbohydrates 51.3g; dietary fiber 2.6g; sugars
10.2g; fat 17.4g; saturated fat 3.6g; cholesterol 172.9mg; vitamin a iu
485.1IU; vitamin c 11.7mg; folate 74.5mcg; calcium 72.5mg; iron 3.2mg;
magnesium 72.3mg; potassium 487.1mg; sodium 836.6mg; thiamin 0.2mg; added
sugar 7g.

Exchanges:

2 fat, 2 lean protein, 2 starch, 1 vegetable, 1/2 medium-fat protein, 1/2
other carbohydrate

Advertisement

Save Pin Print More

Facebook Tweet Email Send Text Message

##  Reviews (2)

Add Rating & Review

2 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 1 
  * 4 star values: 1 
  * 3 star values: 0 
  * 2 star values: 0 
  * 1 star values: 0 

Sort by:  Newest

Newest Oldest

EatingWell Member

Rating: 4 stars

02/06/2019

I felt flavors were okay...could’ve used something else (not sure what... ;)).
But I liked it!

Mabel

Rating: 5 stars

08/10/2018

Love, Love, Love this recipe! Great combination of flavors! Wouldn't change
anything

Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Chicken Pad Thai

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Chicken Pad Thai

##  All Reviews for Chicken Pad Thai

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Chicken Pad Thai

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 2

Advertisement

EatingWell

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us
  * Contact Us
  * Advertise
  * Content Licensing
  * Recipe Index
  * Jobs
  * Accolades this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletters

Sign Up

Meredith(C) 2022 EatingWell.com is part of the Allrecipes Food Group.
EatingWell may receive compensation for some links to products and services on
this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice. All Right
Reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Privacy Policythis
link opens in a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab Terms of
Servicethis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis link opens a
modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 EatingWell. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.eatingwell.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Chicken Pad Thai

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

