https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/23998/a-good-easy-garlic-chicken/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Meat and Poultry
  4. Chicken
  5. Breast
  6. Pan-Fried
  7. A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

# A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.3

1730 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 926 
  * 4 star values: 578 
  * 3 star values: 159 
  * 2 star values: 46 
  * 1 star values: 21 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 1,730 Ratings 
  * 1,186 Reviews 
  * 65 Photos 

Sprinkle chicken breasts with garlic powder, onion powder and seasoning salt -
then sautee and enjoy. Couldn't be easier! Great recipe for quick and easy
meal, even for the pickiest eater!

Recipe by Julia Green

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Read the full recipe after the video.

Add Photo

A Good Easy Garlic Chicken Teresa De La Torre-Cisneros

A Good Easy Garlic Chicken Amy

A Good Easy Garlic Chicken Elizabeth Volz

A Good Easy Garlic Chicken Alex Smith

\+ 61 61 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

10 mins

cook:

10 mins

total:

20 mins

Servings:

4

Yield:

4 servings

Nutrition Info

close up view of a Garlic Chicken fillet with a salad on a plate

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

4

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 4 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * 3 tablespoons butter 
  * 4 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves 
  * 2 teaspoons garlic powder 
  * 1 teaspoon seasoning salt 
  * 1 teaspoon onion powder 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Melt butter in a large skillet over medium high heat. Add chicken and sprinkle
with garlic powder, seasoning salt and onion powder. Saute about 10 to 15
minutes on each side, or until chicken is cooked through and juices run clear.

Advertisement

I Made It  Print

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

214 calories; protein 27.6g; carbohydrates 1.7g; fat 10.1g; cholesterol
91.3mg; sodium 368.1mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (1186)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

SKD1983

Rating: 5 stars

04/12/2003

This recipe was wonderful. It smelled so good cooking, I could hardly wait to
taste it. I did alter the recipe a little. I used lots of fresh garlic, and
rubbed all the powdered seasonings on the chicken. I let the butter melt in
some olive oil and added the garlic. After the chicken browned a little, I
poured in a can of chicken broth let it simmer for a few until I stirred in
1/4 cup of flour. It made a great sauce! I served It over egg noodles. Loved
every bit of it.

Read More

Helpful (712)

### Most helpful critical review

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 2 stars

05/16/2003

I have to agree with the reviewer who said this is only a good recipe if you
don't know how to cook. Personally, I wouldn't even call this a recipe. If you
want something just as easy with less calories, simply sprinkle the seasons on
the chicken breasts and bake in the oven. I wished I would have saved myself
the calories. It wasn't worth it.

Read More

Helpful (189)

1730 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 926 
  * 4 star values: 578 
  * 3 star values: 159 
  * 2 star values: 46 
  * 1 star values: 21 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

SKD1983

Rating: 5 stars

04/12/2003

This recipe was wonderful. It smelled so good cooking, I could hardly wait to
taste it. I did alter the recipe a little. I used lots of fresh garlic, and
rubbed all the powdered seasonings on the chicken. I let the butter melt in
some olive oil and added the garlic. After the chicken browned a little, I
poured in a can of chicken broth let it simmer for a few until I stirred in
1/4 cup of flour. It made a great sauce! I served It over egg noodles. Loved
every bit of it.

ALLYSON01

Rating: 4 stars

07/05/2005

Loved the basic concept and then took some ideas from the other reviews. I
used olive oil, rather than butter. Tossed in a big handful of chopped onion
and a few teaspoons of already minced garlic from a jar while the chicken
sauted. After the chicken breasts were done, put in a can of chicken broth and
let everything simmer while I finished the rest of the meal. When the meal was
ready, removed the chicken and made gravy out of what was left in the pan. It
was delicious and has become my favorite way to cook chicken.

kathleen

Rating: 4 stars

09/01/2006

I've been seasoning my chicken like this for more years than I can remember,
even when I'm adding cooked chicken to other recipes. One thing I do
differently is to brown the chicken, both sides, on med-high heat, then reduce
heat and simmer, adding a little water if necessary for a good 10-15 minutes.
Juicy and tender every time.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 2 stars

05/16/2003

I have to agree with the reviewer who said this is only a good recipe if you
don't know how to cook. Personally, I wouldn't even call this a recipe. If you
want something just as easy with less calories, simply sprinkle the seasons on
the chicken breasts and bake in the oven. I wished I would have saved myself
the calories. It wasn't worth it.

Nicole

Rating: 4 stars

07/09/2008

I put the seasoning mixture on the chicken prior to cooking it. After it was
nicely browned I added 1 cup of chicken broth. Tasted good. I'd have given it
a 5 if it had mentioned adding water or broth to prevent burning...

DDS1098

Rating: 5 stars

01/17/2003

Yum Yum Yum!!! I down scaled it to two servings and added some worcestershire
sauce to the pan while frying. Also, to keep chicken from drying out, I
lowered the heat to simmer and covered it for ten minutes after I browned them
on both sides for 10 mins. This gave me plenty of time to make the rice and
bake some rolls. Will make again!

MMMmThatTastesGood

Rating: 5 stars

03/18/2005

I originally gave this recipe 4 stars. Then I used a few users’ suggestions
and I would give it 6 stars if I could! These are the great suggestions I
read: Add fresh onions and garlic instead of powder. I didn't have fresh
garlic, but the fresh onions I added made a world of difference! Next, add a
can of chicken broth after it was brown on both sides and let it simmer until
done. Last, after the chicken is done, mix in about 1/4 cup flour (more or
less for thickness desire) to the broth and fresh onions. This makes gravy
that was so delicious; I was eating it alone after the chicken was gone!

KSCHAE

Rating: 5 stars

06/19/2009

One of the best and easiest recipes I have made for dinner in a long time. I
decided to use extra virgin olive oil instead of the butter/margarine. I also
added some fresh minced garlic and allowed it to brown in the heated oil
before I placed the chicken in the skillet. I added the chicken to the olive
oil/garlic mixture and placed half of the dry ingredients on top of the
chicken. After allowing the chicken to brown for about 5 minutes I turned it
over and added the other half of the dry ingredients to the other side of the
chicken. It turned out absolutely marvelous. My boyfriend gave it rave
reviews!! I served the chicken with a fresh grape tomato and mozzarella salad
and French bread. Looking forward to making this again!!

Momof2

Rating: 5 stars

11/19/2003

I make my chicken and pork like this all the time. It is definately one of my
favorite ways to prepare chicken. Thank you for such a great recipe starter
idea.

Jasmin

Rating: 5 stars

05/17/2011

After reading other readers' suggestions, I use fresh white onions and garlic
and chicken broth. I first coat the pan with olive oil and saute the onions
and garlic just a a minute or so. Then I add the chicken breast that has been
seasoned with seasoning salt on both sides to the pan with the butter on top
of breast. Once both sides are browned nicely, I add a can of chicken broth,
cover the pan, and let it simmer until the sauce gets to the desired gravey
thickness. This chicken is so juicy and the gravy is so good that there are
hardly ever any leftovers. This dish has become a staple for us. I love to
serve this with brown rice and asparagus.

EILISH40

Rating: 4 stars

05/25/2011

My first negative comment is to the people who change the recipe, almost
completely and then rate it................ anyway, very much enjoyed as
written but would use Olive oil the next time and add some extra garlic.
Thanks for such an easy dish to prepare in a hurry and with lovely tasty and
moist results (minus the chicken broth).

Jeffrey Geiger-Jacobs

Rating: 5 stars

02/22/2011

I made this exactly as is because I wanted to taste it before I made
modifications. It was excellent. I would like to try it with olive oil and
some fresh garlic. I did add a few cloves of garlic fried in with the
butter....Awesome with rice.

Chelsey Wolnowski

Rating: 5 stars

05/13/2006

Great recipe! I put mine in a baking dish, covered it with tin foil, and baked
it in the oven instead of cooking it on the stove top though. Turned out
great! Very tasty :)

rdcory

Rating: 5 stars

01/18/2011

Absolutely loved this!! Used 1/2 tsp sea salt instead of seasoning salt and it
was great. As others suggested, I just browned both sides well in olive oil,
removed from pan and made a gravy with a couple tsp. each of melted butter and
flour and added 2 c. chicken stock. I then returned the chicken to the pan
with gravy and simmered uncovered till done. Served over brown rice and
veggies. Loved it, sooo flavorful, thanks.

MOLSON7

Rating: 3 stars

05/10/2001

This was ok. I added some pepper. It tasted a little too salty for me. I think
there are better recipes out there.

Angela R.

Rating: 5 stars

02/03/2006

I love this recipe! It's super yummy and easy! I use chicken tenders. Once the
chicken is cooked, I add a can of roasted garlic chicken broth and let it
simmer for a few minutes longer. The gravy is incredible! I always make enough
that my husband and I can have leftovers later in the week. I serve it with
french rolls for dipping the sauce.

LaKahn's2Cents

Rating: 5 stars

08/08/2007

This is as promised an EASY, tasty way to make Chicken, and great to build on!
After reading 4 pages of reviews, I finally gave in and tried this
recipe...with some helpful suggestions from earlier reviewers. My 2 Cents:
Garlic Mashed Potatoes on the side - [[Hybrid recipe: Microwave a Cup of fat
free milk, 1/4 cup of low fat sour cream and 1 TBS butter until butter melts -
about a minute. Use in mashing whatever potatoes I have on hand. Grease a dish
and put in Oven on lowest setting, then start work on Chicken. I used
tenderloins]] I simmered half a chopped RED onion and 1 TSP minced garlic in
butter, added Chicken. Spiced with Garlic, Onion Powder, AND Half a Maggi
chicken cube. Removed chicken pieces from the skillet when they were done.
Added 2 TBS butter, 3 (yes 3)TBS Flour and stirred continuously over medium
heat to make Roux for gravy- and I like really DARK Roux for unique flavor.
Added a 14 oz can of low sodium Chicken broth to complete gravy. Then put the
Chicken back in to coat it with gravy. Served with mashed potatoes as above
and steamed veggies. Not bad for a first try at a recipe - for me, anyway. Not
bad for 2 Cents! My family gave me "2 Thumbs Up!!". Because I told them to so
I could write it here. But they DID LOVE it! Five stars for the recipe that
made it possible to do above! Hope this wasn't too long!

KazooW

Rating: 5 stars

08/17/2011

Delicious and easy! I melted 1 tbsp butter in some olive oil. I pounded the
thawed chicken breasts thin and covered them in a mixture of minced garlic (8
cloves) and 1/4 onion, salt, and pepper. After sauteing for 10 minutes on each
side, I added 1 cup chicken broth (half an extra large bullion cube dissolved
in boiling water) and let the chicken simmer for >5 minutes. Then I removed
the chicken and added 1 Tbsp cornstarch (dissolved in cold water) to the
remaining juices in the pan for a delicious sauce to pour on top of the
chicken. The resulting chicken was so moist and flavorful!

HUTHMACB

Rating: 3 stars

10/01/2002

This dish didn't have much flavor until I added many more seasonings but I did
like the garlic. I tried this by sauteeing and baking and the baking was much
better...chicken was juicier and healthier too!

JeanB

Rating: 5 stars

05/31/2012

Needed a quick & easy recipe that is low sodium and tried this tonight. I was
tired of multiple step recipes & time consuming meals due to health reasons
and it was delicious ~ a real keeper!!! I did not measure the seasonings and
just did it to our taste. I also replaced the seasoning salt with Goya
Sazonador Total, also labeled as The Perfect Seasoning. For anyone needing to
lower sodium intake, this is only 75 mg sodium as opposed to most seasoning
mixes being quite high in sodium. I hope that I have written this review in a
way that is not confusing and that it will help someone. JeanB

C.L.

Rating: 4 stars

07/17/2009

I get easily disgusted with reviewers that complain about how easy a recipe is
while on this site. Yes, this recipe is simple, but it gives everyone a base
to start from, or a very quick easy recipe. This site is not just for advanced
cooks. Even though I have been cooking for myself for years, I have never
actually cooked... chicken... before I tried this recipe. And, it is because
this was the simplest, most un-intimidating recipe that i choose this one. I,
of course, followed a couple of reviews advice and tweaked the recipe (mostly
due to the fact that I just moved and cannot find my onion powder or my garlic
powder!) So, I added a medium sized handful of freshly chopped vidalia onions,
a couple tablespoons of jarred minced garlic (mmmmm...) in with the 3
tablespoons of butter (and a little added olive oil) I also added a cube of
chicken bullion and extra water after browning the chicken on both sides and
let the chicken simmer in the mixture for a probably around 15-20 minutes.
After removing the chicken, I added a little more water and flour (around 3
spoonfuls) to form a thick sauce. I served over rice, and my mother loved it.
It also smelled remarkable while cooking, and my mother and my brother's
girlfriend wouldn't stop telling me how good it smelled in the house. I will
have to try it out again!

dalionness

Rating: 5 stars

11/23/2010

My 3 year old and husband gobbled it right up! Thanks for the recipe!!! So
easy to make!!!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

06/01/2002

Very easy to make & tastes great! I added some fresh minced garlic to give it
even more of a garlic kick. If you are health conscious like me, you can omit
the butter and cook this in some garlic flavored fat free cooking spray --
tastes just as good coked this way!

Erica

Rating: 5 stars

02/28/2011

I made this recipe as stated and it was great! My two year old loved it and
even asked for more chicken which never happens! I had very large chicken
breasts so I did slice them in half so they would be thinner and cook better,
but otherwise it was great as stated.

LESLEYAGGIE03

Rating: 5 stars

08/22/2007

This was a fabulous, easy and quick dish to make! My husband and toddler both
gobbled it up--they are a picky crowd! I followed others suggestions and used
fresh garlic and onion with the butter before I put the chicken in. I seasoned
the chicken with Lawry's Seasoned Salt. At the end, after the chicken was out,
I added some chicken broth to the pan and some more butter and flour to make a
gravy, and served it over some mashed potatoes along side the chicken. YUMMY!
Definately a repeater :)

IB Alumni

Rating: 5 stars

10/07/2003

My picky family loved this chicken! I did do a little tweeking. Following some
of the other suggestions, the spice measurements were cut in half and a can of
chicken broth was added. I made four huge breasts and the four of us shared
two. I use the chicken broth to make a gravy and cut up the left over pieces
into it. We'll have that this week over rice. Thanks for a great recipe.

Nickiemay15

Rating: 4 stars

02/23/2011

Quick, easy, and yummy. I used olive oil instead of butter, and fresh garlic
to give it a stronger flavor. I also used thin sliced chicken breast, and then
tenderized them. I rubbed the onion powder into the breast. It was fantastic!

Starberry

Rating: 5 stars

11/24/2010

Loved it! We made it using vegetable oil and without the onion powder and it
was divine!

Lisa Avellino

Rating: 5 stars

10/13/2005

VERY VERY good, and SUPER easy. Even the pickiest eaters in my home LOVED
this. I prefer the sliced garlic, as well as onions, to all of the powders.
Everything else we kept the same, and it turned out DELICIOUS. We also used
someone else's suggestion of making a homemade gravy of chicken broth, flour,
water, and drippings to put over the chicken, and served it with rice. we WILL
be having this again, and chances are... VERY soon! Thanks!!!

JOSIE

Rating: 5 stars

08/20/2003

WOW Julia! This was some delicious chicken. We enjoyed this recipe so much, I
made it 2 days in a row. I did make a few adjustments, but they were very
minor. I used chicken tenderloins rather than the breasts and added some
oregano in with the rest of the seasonings. I did not measure them out, just
sprinkled them on liberally until it looked right. I pan fried them in a
little olive oil until they were lightly browned and cut them into bite size
peices. One night I used this chicken in the Santa Fe Chicken Salad (also a
very good recipe on this site) and the next time I used this chicken in a
pasta dish. I will definitely be making this again. Thanks so much.

nativeSDgirl

Rating: 4 stars

01/01/2011

The name is fitting. It is good and easy. I cut my breasts into strips before
cooking so I would get more flavor throughout the chicken. I then put some
pesto and sun dried tomatoes in with the chicken and tossed to heat through.

kdonahue

Rating: 2 stars

02/09/2011

I'm soo disappointed in this recipe. I used Chicken broth to cook the chicken
in along with the recommended spices . I sprinkled oregano and Basile to try
and give the chicken flavor. The only good thing I can say about this recipe
is that it was under 300 calories but it had no flavor.

Meredith

Rating: 4 stars

12/06/2010

This recipe was absolutely amazing! I chose it for the first meal to cook for
my boyfriend and he keeps asking for me to cook it again and again!

BeachBirdie73

Rating: 1 stars

04/01/2008

Boring, boring, boring...how this rated so high is beyond me.

mboden

Rating: 5 stars

12/07/2010

Very good chicken. I actually forgot to add the garclic and it was still so
good. I used fresh onion instead of onion powder and made a gravy out of the
drippings. Just added about 2 tablespoons of flour and made a rue and then
added about a cup to a cup and a hlaf of chicken stock. Good simple recipe.

MOGA BARE

Rating: 5 stars

08/27/2002

I liked this recipe a lot. It was very easy and the boyfriend LOVED it!

sing1015

Rating: 4 stars

05/18/2011

It is very good; some members of my family thought it was too strong though.

Nicki MacWhinnie

Rating: 5 stars

10/27/2010

Shockingly good! it was a real easy meal but had a ton of flavor. My family
loved it! I follwed the recipe exactly

Becky Suon

Rating: 5 stars

11/11/2010

Loved it!

cooking42

Rating: 4 stars

05/29/2007

This was especially good - I did take others advice and sauteed fresh chopped
onions and garlic in the butter before adding the chicken which I seasoned as
recipe indicates but added a light dusting of flour as well. Once the chicken
had browned I added white wine and chicken broth to simmer down a bit and then
added a tblsp. of flour to thicken the gravy. I served with Rice Pilaf,
steamed broccoli and salad and it was perfect. Thankyou for a really yummy
simple recipe.

kyoung

Rating: 4 stars

01/09/2011

This is a good basic recipe. I took suggestions from other reviews and used a
broth to cook the chicken in after getting a good brown on both sides. I also
seasoned the chicken before adding it to the pan. Unfortunately I didn't have
my car today so I could not go get onion and garlic and had to use the
seasoning. I made the broth from a bullion cube. The chicken was a bit on the
salty side, but not intolerable. If I got to use a low sodium broth and fresh
ingredients, I know it would take out the saltiness. I will def make this
again.

KATHYLIB

Rating: 4 stars

02/04/2003

My family loved it. When it was close to being done, I added a little College
Inn Chicken Broth so that it gave it some juice. I served over brown rice.
Will make again.

MIKE40

Rating: 4 stars

10/26/2002

Very good and easy to make. Goes good with Lipton chicken flavored noodles or
rice.

Kim

Rating: 5 stars

05/20/2011

This is a really good, fast recipe for a busy night. I made a gravy with the
pan drippings and served with mashed potatoes and roasted asparagus and salad.
Everyone loved it, the chicken was moist and tender.

SharonNJ

Rating: 3 stars

12/29/2010

I didn't care for this recipe; don't think there was much taste.

usnwife20

Rating: 5 stars

07/27/2011

I live alone and I just defrost one chicken breast and use this recipe
(lighter on the seasonings of course). It turns out wonderful each time. I
always always scared to panfry chicken before this because I thought it'd dry
out. Not with this recipe! Love it!!!

Sharon

Rating: 5 stars

12/20/2006

We all had seconds! I made the gravy by adding flour to the butter then using
chicken broth to make the gravy (make sure to scrape the bottom for more
flavor!). I then let the chicken cook in the gravy a while to make sure the
chicken was cooked through.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

05/23/2004

I absolutely love you for posting this recipe. My boyfriend had found it
awhile back because he was hungry and I wanted something easy to cook. The
first time I made it, I did use a lot more than 3Tbs of butter and it did come
out a little too dry. But after a few times of making it, I made a few
changes. I use a little Extra Virgin Olive Oil (EVOO) instead, which is much
less fattening than using all that butter. And also covering the pan while it
cooks helps keep the moisture in.

Jacolyn

Allstar

Rating: 5 stars

07/12/2011

Who would have thought that something SO simple would be so tasty! My husband
really loved this chicken.

Tashina Schimming

Rating: 5 stars

07/15/2011

Delicious!!! I am a huge fan of garlic, so this was yummy. All of the flavors
meshed so well together. Loved it! And we served it with basmati rice and
sauteed zucchini.

Jessica

Rating: 5 stars

01/23/2011

very tender if you use thighs, more than enough sauce for several bastings.
Thanks!

Foxy

Rating: 5 stars

02/27/2011

This is great. Since there are only two of us, I cut one breast in half and
just sprinkled it with the spices, then browned it in one Tbsp butter and a
little oil, then added about 1/4 Cup chicken broth, covered and simmered 15
minutes. I didn't thicken the sauce, but just poured it over the chicken to
serve. The sauce was also good on the brown rice I served with the meal.

Tierra Thompson Lowry

Rating: 5 stars

08/05/2011

So good!

Stefanie

Rating: 5 stars

03/06/2011

Yum! Used garlic salt and fresh garlic instead of salt and garlic powder.

Bearr

Rating: 5 stars

01/05/2007

Loved this !!! I made a few additions and the outcome was great. I cooked a
small minced onion and a lil minced garlic for a couple of minutes in the
butter before adding the chicken. After adding the chicken I sprinkled Adobo
seasoning, garlic pwder and onion powder. Cooked the chicken through then
added 2 tablespoons of flour and then chicken broth (maybe 1/2 can - according
to how thick/thin you like your gravy). Then I added a small can of mushrooms.
Served with mashed potatoes. Yum ... my picky children gobbled the chicken and
my husband had seconds!!

hsierra

Rating: 3 stars

03/01/2011

This was a good and easy meal and wonderful after getting home from work. It's
a good change from bbq chicken but pretty salty. Probably won't have it all
the time but I'll have it when we need a change from the everyday. Thanks for
sharing

ashleyk4

Rating: 3 stars

08/30/2011

Not bad, but not spectacular either by any means. It came out good, but we
weren't very impressed with it.

Amanda Lee

Rating: 1 stars

09/25/2010

Nothing fabulous. Salty. Wouldn't make again.

mlpresley

Rating: 5 stars

03/07/2011

awesome chicken. juicy and tender but with a nice crips on the outside. i
followed the recipe exactly

N0NNYM0USE

Rating: 5 stars

08/20/2002

Very tasty, if a tad salty. Just go easy on the seasonings. This is great to
make a few days ahead, and then cut up to toss on top of green salads. Thanks
for the quick and easy recipe!

jasrac08

Rating: 2 stars

02/24/2011

Even if it is supposed to be a "quick" recipe, it's not that great and
terribly unhealthy. Too much salt. Use olive oil for less calories and use
fresh garlic and onion. Also, use about a cup of chicken stock to help keep it
moist. Plus, butter tends to burn faster and if you are not careful, it can
separate. Use sea salt instead of just table salt.

Nicole M

Rating: 2 stars

03/12/2011

This was just an average chicken dinner. It did not taste great, it didn't
really taste like anything. Maybe I should have used real minced garlic. or
more seasoning.

April672

Rating: 5 stars

02/06/2007

So simple and inexpensive... perfect for me! I added some olive oil and fresh
garlic as suggested by reviewers and it gave it a wonderful flavor! I also
took the suggestion to cook it a bit longer on each side, which give it a nice
crispy skin. Will make again and again!

Elaine Dunn

Rating: 2 stars

08/25/2011

It was OK but a little bland. I used Emmeril's Italian Essence in place of the
seasoning salt.

AVALON93

Rating: 4 stars

06/15/2003

It doesn't get much quicker or easier than this and it tastes good! I added
some sun-dried tomatoes. Great recipe if you haven't made it to the grocery
store and don't want to call the pizza man (again!)

Cabinluvn

Rating: 5 stars

03/18/2011

Really, really good chicken. I used chopped onion and garlic from a jar. I
browned the chicken breasts in a small amount of olive oil, added 1 cup of
chicken broth, covered and simmered until done. I removed the chicken and
moved to a warm oven. I added 1 T. cornstarch in 1 cup of water(would use less
water next time) and added it to the pan of juice and brown bits, stirred
until thick. Then served the chicken and gravy over brown rice. A flavorful
and healthy chicken dish.

Melissa Rae Smith

Rating: 5 stars

10/12/2010

Very good, very fast chicken recipe. I used less butter and Mrs. Dash instead
of seasoning salt. :)

CLS1220

Rating: 5 stars

12/26/2007

Wowza! This was incredible. I put some minced garlic in with the butter while
melting, practically doubled the garlic powder and minced onion but kept the
seasoned salt the same. (It is a little salty, so use sparingly.) Sauteed the
ultra thin breasts about 4 mins on each side, and then added 1.5c chicken
broth and thickened with Wondra to make a fabulous gravy. (Honestly - the
chicken didn't even need it.. but you can never go wrong with gravy!) Served
it with mashed potatoes, steamed corn, and garlic knots!!

adrianne

Rating: 5 stars

08/09/2011

Very very good! As suggested in another review, I made the gravy after the
chicken was done and it brought everything together. Was just a bit salty, but
was still great tasting. So i will use slightly less of the seasoning salt and
garlic powder. Chicken was juicy and yummy. Will definitely be making this
more often. Thanks for this easy recipe!

Monica

Rating: 3 stars

02/28/2008

Why can't anyone actually review the recipe as written?? If your mods are so
great, submit your own recipe and rate that. This dish was okay. I MADE AS
WRITTEN. It is a good dish if you want something simple. Also, most people
probably have all of the ingredients on hand.

Carrie Magill

Rating: 5 stars

07/04/2005

This is fantastic, and it doesn't get any easier or faster! I cut the recipe
in half, and the amount of garlic powder seemed like an awful lot (1 tsp), so
I only used about 1/2 tsp, which worked out fine. I used the recommended
amount of margarine, but cooking spray (or less margarine) would have been OK
too.

SHERRY209

Rating: 5 stars

05/08/2011

Excellent! Simple, quick and delicious.

TBAIZER

Rating: 5 stars

11/21/2002

Great! Wonderful, tasty, moist. I added grilled onions & garlic to make it a
little more flavorful. I will use again!

mandalala

Rating: 4 stars

03/13/2011

tasty and easy. the gravy idea was delicious!

Kristina Dudley Transue

Rating: 5 stars

03/09/2003

I loved it and it was my first time making banana bread!

Mischief Managed

Rating: 4 stars

07/27/2011

This is great for beginners. It is really simple and is made extremely
quickly. Plus it uses ingredients that you probably have in your cabinet! I do
suggest cooking at a slower/lower speed, also pounding chicken if it is thick.
Otherwise you will most certainly burn it!

kellieann

Rating: 4 stars

03/29/2011

This was pretty good. I doubled the amount of garlic, and I added lemon pepper
to give it a little extra flavor.

Crystal Owens

Rating: 5 stars

03/17/2011

Everybody enjoyed this in my household. Even my picky 5 year old who only eats
pb & j

BLyn

Rating: 3 stars

02/01/2011

I like garlic, but I don't love it, so I'm glad I mixed the seasonings in a
bowl and sprinkled them on that way. I didn't use the entire thing, but it was
plenty garlicky for us. I served it with pasta alfredo and it was delish. I
probably wouldn't eat it by itself, but as a filler for the pasta it was very
good.

CHAY

Rating: 5 stars

04/24/2006

Excellent and super fast recipe!! I have made this several times and it comes
out delicious everytime. I made it last night with mashed potatoes. I am
making it again tonight with my spanish goya rice and vegetables, YUMMY! Try
it you will LOVE it!

APRILMILLER

Rating: 5 stars

02/27/2003

Easy recipe that is perfect when you want to serve a good meal but don't have
a lot of time. I served with rice. Only thing I did in addition is, after
removing the chicken from the pan, I deglazed the pan with a little red wine
and let it reduce for a couple minutes, then poured the wine over the rice.

uncg2001

Rating: 5 stars

02/24/2001

So easy...the whole family loved it, especially our 6 year old!!!

NJSS2000

Rating: 5 stars

02/17/2002

Hubby thought it was excellent. I would use less salt next time for my own
taste. The chicken came out nice and tender. The leftovers tasted great cold.

sclouser

Rating: 5 stars

10/06/2010

love it. I also used fresh onion and garlic. I cheated and used montreal
poultry seasoning. near the end of cooking I added dried parsley. served over
rice. My husband raved!

apopanda09

Rating: 3 stars

03/28/2011

It was a little bland for my taste, so when we tried this recipe a second
time, we added other seasonings to the mix, and it turned out well.

PAUL S

Rating: 2 stars

09/11/2003

As others have noted this recipe is easy but rather bland.

wenawinter

Rating: 5 stars

04/22/2011

This was recipe was great!! Tried it last night and my husband and I both
loved it!! Followed other peoples recommendations, and used minced garlic with
olive oil & butter, coated the chicken with garlic powder, onion powder &
seasoned salt and sauteed until brown. Then added the chicken brother and
covered and cooked an additional 10 minutes or so. I then took the chicken out
and added 1/4 cup flour to make a thicker sauce, which I poured over egg
noodles. It was sooo delicious!! This will be a staple in our house now.

Me

Rating: 5 stars

05/28/2011

Thank you for sharing this recipe. It was simple but yet tasty and perfect for
beginner cooks like me.

djcoop958

Rating: 5 stars

02/28/2011

Like other users suggested i added a can of chicken broth. I took out some of
the liquid from the pan added 2 tbsp. of cornstarch mixed it up and then
returned to the pan until bubbly. The end result is a nice sause. I also added
olive oil to the butter for less fat as suggested by other people.

CookUpaStorm

Rating: 4 stars

03/09/2011

This was delicious! My boyfriend added to the oil squished garlic too, and
then paprika, pepper, peppercorns,and also rosmary on the chicken--tastes
great!!

Julie

Rating: 5 stars

07/02/2011

My husband and children thought it was very good. I like that it was super
fast and easy!!

gretchen gragg

Rating: 4 stars

10/12/2010

not amazing but a good starter recipe if youre new to making chicken on the
stove. i listened to other reviews and used fresh onion and garlic. towards
the end i added a bit of chicken broth and sprinkled in some flour to make a
more gravy like sauce. i definitely suggest doing so to keep it more moist,
especially if there will be leftovers.

MustLoveFood

Rating: 5 stars

10/05/2010

One of my favorite easy chicken recipes. I like to mix the spices in an empty
spice shaker and sprinkle on the chicken to make sure the spices are added
evenly. Sometimes I do what another reviewer suggested and after the chicken
is done I set it aside and add 3T butter to the pan, melt it, then add 3T
flour and use a spatula or whisk to stir the flour and scrape up the chicken
bits. Make sure you use something that won't scratch your skillet! Once you
have a nice rue whisk in a cup or cup and a half of chicken stock. I make it
with or without the gravy and it is EASY, JUICY & VERY FLAVORFUL!

SMARIGOLD717

Rating: 1 stars

01/24/2009

this was honestly very tasteless and boring.

BRACKY189

Rating: 5 stars

11/13/2010

This was awesome! Quick, easy & so delish. I followed MamaJudd's advice and
used her gravy recipe and paired this with steamed shredded veggies. Great
lunch. Will definitely make this again. Thanks for sharing!!!

AdeleD

Rating: 4 stars

02/24/2011

Hubby really liked this chicken. So nice to have such an easy prep. I took a
few of the reviewers' recommendations- used fresh garlic, simmered in a bit of
broth thickened with a teaspoon of flour for a few minutes and served as
gravy.

Cherolyn12

Rating: 4 stars

04/27/2011

very good.

CHORT1313

Rating: 5 stars

10/14/2003

Simple, great recipe!!!! Thanks for sharing! I cooked it on the Foreman and it
turned out great!

Carrie C.

Allstar

Rating: 4 stars

09/28/2009

Good easy recipe! I followed other reviewers advice about adding the Chicken
broth- only had bouillion tho- I was worried the breasts would burn if not. I
think that added too much salt to the dish. I enjoyed it salt and all! Next
time I will just cook as written. I think they will come out much better that
way!

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

##  All Reviews for A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

Servings Per Recipe: 4  
Calories: 213.8  

% Daily Value *

protein:  27.6g  55 %

carbohydrates:  1.7g  1 %

dietary fiber:  0.2g  1 %

sugars:  0.5g

fat:  10.1g  16 %

saturated fat:  5.9g  29 %

cholesterol:  91.3mg  30 %

vitamin a iu:  351.5IU  7 %

niacin equivalents:  18.6mg  143 %

vitamin b6:  0.7mg  44 %

vitamin c:  1.8mg  3 %

folate:  6mcg  2 %

calcium:  23.3mg  2 %

iron:  0.9mg  5 %

magnesium:  35.2mg  13 %

potassium:  328.8mg  9 %

sodium:  368.1mg  15 %

thiamin:  0.1mg  9 %

calories from fat:  91.2

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 1186

A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

1 of 65 A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

Teresa De La Torre-Cisneros

A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

2 of 65 A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

Amy

A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

3 of 65 A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

Elizabeth Volz

A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

4 of 65 A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

Alex Smith

A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

5 of 65 A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

Esther Mock-Stephens

A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

6 of 65 A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

Aynsley Pagán

A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

7 of 65 A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

Michelle Seace Traino

A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

8 of 65 A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

Julia Inman

A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

9 of 65 A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

Chelsea Miller

A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

10 of 65 A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

Ben's mama

A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

11 of 65 A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

John Selby Villalpando

A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

12 of 65 A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

Chef Mo

A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

13 of 65 A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

Garrett Schilling

A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

14 of 65 A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

Lameta

A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

15 of 65 A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

David

A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

16 of 65 A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

NANCYD

A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

17 of 65 A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

Dewii's

A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

18 of 65 A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

Paul Skudlarek

A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

19 of 65 A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

Tasha Bowman-Moody

A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

20 of 65 A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

Pamela Elizabeth

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved A Good Easy Garlic Chicken to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

A Good Easy Garlic Chicken

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

