https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/8652/garlic-chicken/


Skip to content

## Top Navigation

Explore

Allrecipes Allrecipes

Search

## Profile Menu

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Get Allrecipes Magazine

Pin Save

Close this dialog window

## Explore Allrecipes

Allrecipes Allrecipes

  * Search

  * Find a Recipe

### Find a Recipe

Recipe or keyword

Include these ingredients

Filter by including Ingredients

Do not include these ingredients

Filter by excluding Ingredients

Search

  * Explore

### Explore

    * How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

####  How to Sharpen Your Kitchen Knives at Home

Whether you use a handheld sharpener or a sharpening stone, learning to
sharpen your dull kitchen knives is a skill you’ll value forever.  Read More

    * 5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

####  5 Tips for Making the Perfect Quesadilla Every Time

Upgrade your quesadillas with these expert-approved hacks.  Read More

    * Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.  Read More

  * Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

### Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

See All Breakfast and Brunch Recipes

We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast Champions

####  We Tried 8 Celebrity Scrambled Egg Methods and Found Some Breakfast
Champions

You'll be adding these favorite recipes from celebs and celeb chefs to your
breakfast lineup.

    * Breakfast Burrito Recipes
    * Breakfast Casserole Recipes
    * Crepe Recipes
    * Egg Recipes
    * French Toast Recipes
    * Frittata Recipes
    * Granola Recipes
    * Omelet Recipes
    * Overnight Oat Recipes
    * Pancake Recipes
    * Quiche Recipes
    * Waffle Recipes

  * Chicken Recipes

### Chicken Recipes

See All Chicken Recipes

Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

####  Our 15 Best BBQ Chicken Recipes of All Time

Here at Allrecipes, we know a thing or two about BBQ chicken. Our community
members have submitted hundreds of delicious BBQ chicken recipes for the
grill, oven, slow cooker, and more. We've narrowed our huge collection down to
15 top-rated recipes that reviewers say are the best of the best — so you know
you're about to cook up something amazing. Make sure to bookmark this round-up
of our best BBQ chicken recipes, as you'll want to come back to it again and
again.

    * Chicken Soup Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Fried Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Chicken Casserole Recipes
    * Chicken Wings
    * Chicken Parmesan
    * Baked and Roasted Chicken Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Chicken Main Dish Recipes
    * Quick and Easy Chicken Dinner Recipes
    * Lemon Chicken Recipes

  * Beef Recipes

### Beef Recipes

See All Beef Recipes

12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

####  12 Ground Bison Recipes That Go Beyond the Burger

Looking for a delicious way to use ground bison meat? You're in luck! We've
rounded up our favorite ways to use the ingredient, from burgers and meatballs
to chili and stuffed peppers. Whether you're looking for a simple weeknight
dinner that comes together quickly and easily or an impressive meal or
appetizer for entertaining, you'll find something you love in this collection
of our best ground bison recipes.

    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Flank Steak Recipes
    * Salisbury Steak Recipes
    * Rib-Eye Steak Recipes
    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Beef Short Rib Recipes
    * Beef Brisket Recipes

  * Pork Recipes

### Pork Recipes

See All Pork Recipes

Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

####  Try This One Ingredient for Perfectly Tender Pulled Pork

It's probably already in your kitchen too!

    * Pulled Pork
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Pork Roast Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Pork Shoulder Recipes

  * Lunch Recipes

### Lunch Recipes

See All Lunch Recipes

No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

####  No-Cook Lunches for Easy Meals on Hot Weeks

    * Healthy Lunch Recipes
    * Sandwich Recipes
    * Sandwich Wraps and Roll-Up Recipes
    * School Lunch Ideas and Recipes

  * Dinner Recipes

### Dinner Recipes

See All Dinner Recipes

Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

####  Our 10 Best Italian Meatball Recipes for All Your Spaghetti Dinner Needs

If you aren't making your own meatballs for spaghetti, subs, or soup, you're
truly missing out. So all that changes today with these 10 outrageously
delicious Italian meatball recipes that you won't be able to resist trying. An
Italian meatball typically contains ground meat, specifically beef, garlic,
eggs, parsley, and sometimes cheese. These recipes will mostly follow that
structure, sometimes with an added twist. And even though serving meatballs
over spaghetti is an American invention, there's no better way to enjoy these
tasty meatballs than doused in marinara over a bed of pasta. Scroll through to
find your new favorite meatball recipe.

    * Dinner Fix
    * Chicken Recipes
    * Chicken Breasts
    * Chicken Thigh Recipes
    * Beef Recipes
    * Ground Beef Recipes
    * Pasta and Noodle Recipes
    * Pork Recipes
    * Pork Tenderloin Recipes
    * Turkey Recipes
    * Ground Turkey Recipes
    * Seafood Recipes
    * Salmon Recipes
    * Shrimp Recipes

  * Appetizer & Snack Recipes

### Appetizer & Snack Recipes

See All Appetizer & Snack Recipes

15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

####  15 Fantastic Layer Dips For Summertime Snacking

Layered dips are some of the easiest dips you can make. Simply spoon each
layer into a bowl and voilà your dip is served. Plus, they look oh-so-stunning
in clear dishes with their defined sections. Whether you're looking for an
easy potluck appetizer, a tasty summertime snack, or simply a reason to eat
some chips and dip, these 15 recipes are perfect for all your summer needs.
Scroll through to find our best layer dips.

    * Baked Brie Recipes
    * Bruschetta Recipes
    * Chicken Wing Recipes
    * Crab Cake Recipes
    * Deviled Egg Recipes
    * Fruit Dip Recipes
    * Guacamole Recipes
    * Hummus Recipes
    * Jalapeno Popper Recipes
    * Meatball Appetizers
    * Nacho Recipes
    * Salsa Recipes
    * Stuffed Mushroom Recipes

  * Bread Recipes

### Bread Recipes

See All Bread Recipes

18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

####  18 Strawberry Bread Recipes With Lots of Color and Fruity Flavor

Looking for a delicious way to bake with fresh or frozen strawberries? Your
search ends here. Strawberries add fruity flavor and vibrant color to these
breads and muffins. Whether you're looking for a basic loaf to make with just
a few pantry staples, a decadent idea with a cream cheese filling, or an old-
fashioned family recipe that'll please everyone at your table, you'll find
mouthwatering inspiration in this collection of strawberry bread recipes.

    * Banana Bread Recipes
    * Biscuit Recipes
    * Bread Machine Recipes
    * Cornbread Recipes
    * Doughnut Recipes
    * Muffin Recipes
    * Pumpkin Bread Recipes
    * Quick Bread Recipes
    * Sourdough Bread Recipes
    * Yeast Bread Recipes
    * Zucchini Bread Recipes

  * Dessert Recipes

### Dessert Recipes

See All Dessert Recipes

12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

####  12 Favorite Frozen Chocolate Desserts Your Summer Crowd Will Love

    * Baking Tips and Techniques
    * Cake Recipes
    * Carrot Cake Recipes
    * Cheesecake Recipes
    * Chocolate Cake Recipes
    * Cookie Recipes
    * Cupcake Recipes
    * Frosting and Icing Recipes
    * Ice Cream Recipes
    * Peach Cobbler Recipes
    * Pie Recipes
    * Pineapple Upside-Down Cake Recipes
    * Pound Cake Recipes
    * Sugar-Free Dessert Recipes
    * Sweet Spot

  * Drink Recipes

### Drink Recipes

See All Drink Recipes

25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

####  25 Frozen Cocktails You'll Want to Make All Summer Long

    * Bloody Mary Recipes
    * Cocktail Recipes
    * Coffee Drink Recipes
    * Jell-o Shot Recipes
    * Margarita Recipes
    * Martini Recipes
    * Punch Recipes
    * Sangria Recipes
    * Smoothie Recipes
    * Cocktail Tips and Techniques

  * Main Dishes

### Main Dishes

See All Main Dishes

Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

####  Best Chicken Recipes for Summer Dinners

Here at Allrecipes HQ, we get to see lots of great data about your top
searches, and we wanted to share your favorite chicken recipes from last
summer. Not surprisingly, slow-cooker, one-pan dinners, and simple salads were
among the top-rated recipes. These chicken dinners are phenomenally popular
for good reason. They're all relatively easy to make, they won't heat up your
kitchen too much, and are perfect for those lazy summer days.

    * Beef Stroganoff Recipes
    * Casserole Recipes
    * Enchilada Recipes
    * Macaroni and Cheese Recipes
    * Pork Chop Recipes
    * Shepherd's Pie Recipes
    * Shrimp Scampi Recipes

  * Salad Recipes

### Salad Recipes

See All Salad Recipes

15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

####  15 Light and Fresh Salad Recipes For Your Next Potluck

Don't get us wrong, we love those mayo-filled potato and macaroni salads at a
potluck as much as the next person. But sometimes you want a lighter option to
choose from too. That's where these fresh vegetable-based salads come in.
Their refreshing flavors will have everyone going back for more, and they're
probably the easiest thing you can offer to bring to the potluck. Scroll
through to find your next potluck go-to.

    * Chicken Salad Recipes
    * Coleslaw Recipes
    * Cucumber Salad Recipes
    * Egg Salad Recipes
    * Fruit Salad Recipes
    * Pasta Salad Recipes
    * Potato Salad Recipes
    * Spinach Salad Recipes
    * Tuna Salad Recipes

  * Side Dish Recipes

### Side Dish Recipes

See All Side Dish Recipes

Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

####  Our 22 Best Ever Summer Side Dishes

Summertime calls for classic potluck recipes, portable foods, and dining al
fresco. Want to dig into the best side dishes of the season and discover
tantalizing flavors along the way? From pan-fried Southern fare to chilled,
garden-fresh Spanish soup, we've compiled incredibly delicious offerings that
will fill you up and minimize fuss during the dog days of summer. Find your
new favorite summer side dish right here.

    * Baked Bean Recipes
    * Broccoli Side Dish Recipes
    * Mashed Potato Recipes
    * Pasta Sauce Recipes
    * Potato Side Dish Recipes
    * Rice Side Dish Recipes
    * Salad Dressing Recipes
    * Scalloped Potato Recipes
    * Vegetable Side Dish Recipes

  * Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

### Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

See All Soup, Stew & Chili Recipes

10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

####  10 Fantastically Fresh Gazpacho Recipes

    * Beef Stew Recipes
    * Cabbage Soup Recipes
    * Chicken and Dumpling Recipes
    * Chili Recipes
    * Corn Chowder Recipes
    * Gumbo Recipes
    * Jambalaya Recipes
    * Potato Soup Recipes
    * Taco Soup Recipes
    * Tomato Soup Recipes
    * More Soup Recipes
    * More Stew Recipes

  * Cooking Style

### Cooking Style

See All Cooking Style

15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

####  15 Comfort Foods To Enjoy During Summer

Just because it's warm outside doesn't mean you can't crave a nice, hearty
comfort meal — seriously, the cooler months can't have all of the fun! We've
rounded up our best recipes that are loaded with mouthwatering, satisfying
flavors, but are perfect to serve on a hot summer's day. From fried chicken
and tacos to tomato pie and summer pasta bakes, these recipes will remind you
just how delicious summer can be.

    * 5 Ingredient Recipes
    * Air Fryer Recipes
    * BBQ & Grilling Recipes
    * Cooking for Two
    * Family Dinner Recipes
    * Instant Pot Recipes
    * Kid-Friendly Recipes
    * Leftover Recipes
    * Make-Ahead Recipes
    * Quick & Easy Recipes
    * Slow Cooker Recipes
    * Vegan Recipes
    * Vegetarian Recipes

  * Diet & Healthy Recipes

### Diet & Healthy Recipes

See All Diet & Healthy Recipes

15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

####  15 Tasty Snack Ideas for People With Diabetes

When you're managing diabetes, snacks play a key role in keeping your blood
sugar stable. A pantry stash of pre-packaged, carb-loaded snacks full of added
sugar and sodium won't cut it, though. You're much better off noshing on whole
foods like fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, legumes, and whole grains. The
following diabetes-friendly snacks spin nutritious ingredients into delicious,
deceptively healthy snacks. Recipes like plantain chips, peanut butter balls,
roasted chickpeas, and guacamole compete with processed snacks in flavor, and
leave you feeling full.

    * Diabetic Recipes
    * Gluten-Free Recipes
    * Keto Recipes
    * Low Calorie Recipes
    * Low Carb Recipes
    * Low Cholesterol Recipes
    * Low Fat Recipes
    * Low Sodium Recipes
    * Mediterranean Diet Recipes
    * Whole30 Recipes

  * Holidays & Entertaining

### Holidays & Entertaining

See All Holidays & Entertaining

15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

####  15 Grilled Corn on the Cob Recipes Perfect For Summer Barbecues

If you've already got your grill fired up, it just makes sense to throw your
corn on the barbecue instead of boiling them. Plus, it adds delicious charred
flavor. Once you try it, you won't go back! From basic grilled corn on the cob
to Mexican-inspired corn on the cob and bacon-wrapped corn on the cob, these
recipes are the perfect side dish for any summer barbecue meal. So grab some
ears and get grilling.

    * Holiday Planning
    * Cocktail Hour
    * Good Times, Good Food
    * New Year's Recipes
    * Recipes for Super Bowl(R)
    * Valentines's Day Recipes
    * Mardi Gras Recipes
    * St. Patrick's Day Recipes
    * Easter Recipes
    * Cinco de Mayo Recipes
    * Mother's Day Recipes
    * 4th of July Recipes
    * Halloween Recipes
    * Thanksgiving Recipes
    * Christmas Recipes

  * World Cuisine

### World Cuisine

See All World Cuisine

25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

####  25 Rare Regional McDonald's Items We Wish Were Available Nationwide

The consistency of McDonald's menus across the U.S. makes it an always-welcome
pit stop. When you're far from home, however, you may come across an
unfamiliar food or drink on the beloved chain's menu — or find yourself
ordering your own state's specialty before you remember where you are. Read on
for regional McDonald's items worth a cross-country road trip, plus retired
regional items that deserve a comeback.

    * Chinese Recipes
    * Filipino Recipes
    * French Recipes
    * German Recipes
    * Greek Recipes
    * Indian Recipes
    * Italian Recipes
    * Japanese Recipes
    * Korean Recipes
    * Mexican Recipes
    * Russian Recipes
    * Spanish Recipes
    * Thai Recipes
    * Vietnamese Recipes

  * Kitchen Tips

### Kitchen Tips

See All Kitchen Tips

The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

####  The Easiest Way to Grate Parmesan Cheese

This TikTok hack just changed the game for getting freshly-grated Parmesan.

    * All About Ingredients
    * Baking
    * Buying
    * Cleaning
    * Recipe Conversion and Scaling
    * Decorating Cakes, Cookies and Other Desserts
    * Food Handling and Safety
    * Grilling and Other Outdoor Cooking
    * How To
    * Meal Planning and Menus
    * Ingredient Substitutions
    * Kitchen Tools and Techniques
    * You Can Cook That

  * Allrecipes Magazine Recipes
  * Food Wishes®
  * Homemade Podcast
  * Trusted Brands
  * Food News and Trends

### Food News and Trends

See All Food News and Trends

What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

####  What Does It Mean When They Ring the Bell at Trader Joe's?

Each chime means something different!

    * Cooks to Follow
    * Gift Guides
    * Product Reviews and Buying Guides
    * Recalls

  * About Us

## Profile Menu

Get Allrecipes Magazine  this link opens in a new tab

Join Now

Join Now

### Account

  * Join Now
  * Newsletters
  * Help this link opens in a new tab

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

My Account

My Account

### Account

  * My Profile
  * Saved Items & Collections
  * Help this link opens in a new tab
  * Logout

* * *

### More

  * Add a Recipe
  * Shopping List
  * Ask the Community this link opens in a new tab

Login

Sweepstakes

### Follow Us

  1. Home
  2. Recipes
  3. Meat and Poultry
  4. Chicken
  5. Breast
  6. Garlic Chicken

# Garlic Chicken

Rating: 4.5 stars 4.5

6198 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 4253 
  * 4 star values: 1421 
  * 3 star values: 389 
  * 2 star values: 107 
  * 1 star values: 28 

  * Read Reviews 
  * Add Review 

  * 6,198 Ratings 
  * 4,304 Reviews 
  * 331 Photos 

This garlic chicken is simple to make — just dip and bake. Garlicky goodness
in a breaded chicken dish. Yum!

Recipe by Allrecipes Member

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

## Gallery

Read the full recipe after the video.

Add Photo

Garlic Chicken MzRachieRach09

Garlic Chicken Angie Poulin

Garlic Chicken Chef Pee's

Garlic Chicken Lorna Lisby

\+ 327 327 more images

## Recipe Summary

prep:

20 mins

cook:

35 mins

total:

55 mins

Servings:

4

Nutrition Info

close up view of Garlic Chicken with vegetables and rice in the background

Advertisement

## Ingredients

Decrease Serving

4

Increase Serving

Adjust

Original recipe yields 4 servings

The ingredient list now reflects the servings specified

Ingredient Checklist

  * ¼ cup olive oil 
  * 2 cloves garlic, crushed 
  * ¼ cup Italian-seasoned bread crumbs 
  * ¼ cup grated Parmesan cheese 
  * 4 skinless, boneless chicken breast halves 

Add ingredients to shopping list View your list

##  Directions

Instructions Checklist

  * Step 1

Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).

Advertisement

  * Step 2

Heat olive oil and garlic in a small saucepan over low heat until warmed, 1 to
2 minutes. Pour into a shallow bowl.

  * Step 3

Combine bread crumbs and Parmesan cheese in a separate shallow bowl.

  * Step 4

Use tongs to dip chicken breasts in olive oil-garlic mixture, then coat evenly
in bread crumb mixture. Transfer coated chicken to a shallow baking dish.

  * Step 5

Bake in the preheated oven until no longer pink and juices run clear, 30 to 35
minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at
least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).

I Made It  Print

##  Editor's Note:

The nutrition data for this recipe includes the full amount of the breading
ingredients. The actual amount of the breading consumed will vary.

##  Nutrition Facts

Per Serving:

300 calories; protein 30.3g; carbohydrates 5.7g; fat 16.8g; cholesterol
72.8mg; sodium 261.2mg. Full Nutrition

Advertisement

Save Rate Print Share

Pinterest Facebook Tweet Email

##  Reviews (4304)

Check out our  Community Guidelines about photos and reviews.

What did you think of this recipe? Share your experience to help others.

Add Your Rating & Review

### Most helpful positive review

BENTLEYREVIEW

Rating: 5 stars

01/06/2004

Applauds to Carol.The BEST chicken breast ever. I am not a enthusiastic
chicken lover and I find it difficult to find a good moist chicken breast
recipe with flavor. The recipe calls for 2 tsp.of garlic crushed(not 2
cloves).This could be why everyone says to double up on garlic because they
are counting cloves instead of teaspoons of garlic. I used 7 BIG cloves of
garlic and upped the oil 1/4c and bread crumbs, Cheese combo 1/4c for 6
breast. Baked for 30 min. Per--fect. This is not fried/baked chicken. This is
a Exquisite dish and the aroma is Heavenly. IF there are left over,place on a
salad for a nice lunch. Encore

Read More

Helpful (1268)

### Most helpful critical review

chow doctor

Rating: 2 stars

11/26/2011

Prepared EXACTLY as written. Very quick, very easy, very bland. It needs
something, but my goal is to prepare allrecipe's recipes exactly as written
and give my opinion on the original recipe, not to tweak it into a different
recipe all together. Next.

Read More

Helpful (14)

6198 Ratings

  * 5 star values: 4253 
  * 4 star values: 1421 
  * 3 star values: 389 
  * 2 star values: 107 
  * 1 star values: 28 

Sort by:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

BENTLEYREVIEW

Rating: 5 stars

01/06/2004

Applauds to Carol.The BEST chicken breast ever. I am not a enthusiastic
chicken lover and I find it difficult to find a good moist chicken breast
recipe with flavor. The recipe calls for 2 tsp.of garlic crushed(not 2
cloves).This could be why everyone says to double up on garlic because they
are counting cloves instead of teaspoons of garlic. I used 7 BIG cloves of
garlic and upped the oil 1/4c and bread crumbs, Cheese combo 1/4c for 6
breast. Baked for 30 min. Per--fect. This is not fried/baked chicken. This is
a Exquisite dish and the aroma is Heavenly. IF there are left over,place on a
salad for a nice lunch. Encore

Michelle A

Rating: 5 stars

12/11/2002

All I can say about this chicken is OH-MY-GAWD! It is so delicious and so
easy! Don't make any changes to this recipe, it's perfect as it is. I followed
the alfredo sauce recipe on this site and made fettucine alfredo to go with
this chicken. My husband took one bite of the chicken and said "why do we ever
eat out!?" You must try this recipe! It's a keeper! The absolute best thing is
how easy it is to make such a tasty dish!

Navy_Mommy

Rating: 5 stars

01/18/2003

This recipe was super easy. The chicken has a very nice garlic smell while
cooking. The taste is mild and not over powering. If you are looking for a
strong garlic taste this is not it. However, since I was cooking for a one
year old and a picky husband the taste was perfect. The recipe is super fast,
taking only a few minutes to warm the oil and roll the chicken in the coating.
The only thing I did wrong was using chicken breast tenders rather than
chicken breasts. I don't recommend this. You have to decrease the cooking time
to prevent the chicken from drying out and the coating does not get crispy.
The chicken was just starting to get crispy when I had to remove it from the
oven. I think it would have been even better if I had been able to cook it at
least another 15 minutes. I will make it again using whole chicken breasts in
the future.

IMAGINAIRE

Rating: 4 stars

11/12/2002

Pretty yummy! Very easy. The chicken was tender and had a nice flavor. I asked
my husband if it was a keeper and he said "Oh yeah!" The only thing is I
bought the real parmesan cheese still in shredded form and couldn't figure how
the cheese and bread crumbs were going to stick to the chicken! My husband
said,"I think you're supposed to use the powdered stuff in the green can."
Oopps. That makes sense. Make sure you start off with the stuff in the green
can. You know that stuff you put on spaghetti!

Dung Beetle

Rating: 5 stars

08/14/2006

WOW! Delicious with little effort! I changed this: I used boneless, skinless
chicken thighs because they are RELIABLY more moist then breasts (always trim
off any extra fat with kitchen sheers). I ran the garlic and olive oil through
my mini-blender so it was like a smooth garlic emulsion oil (I did warm the
oil in the microwave as suggested). I tossed 1/2 the chicken into a ziplock,
poured in the garlic oil....tossed in the other half of the chicken and closed
the bag. I hand squished the garlic oil all throughout the chicken by kneading
the bag. That saves the messy step of hand dipping each piece into the oil and
then into the crumbs. I used Italian bread crumbs with the grated cheese and
coated the pieces as suggested. It was excellent!!. It really was very easy,
tasty and light!! Baked 400° for 23 minutes.

MISSSNOOP

Rating: 4 stars

05/10/2007

For those who prefer a stronger garlic flavour instead of olive oil substitute
garlic oil or make your own by adding 2 Tbs chopped garlic to 1 cup olive or
canola oil,let stand for 24 hrs in fridge and use within a week. Add
GRANULATED garlic powder to the crumb mixture, use Romano cheese instead of
Parmesan for a more distinct flavour.

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

07/11/2002

pounded the chicken breasts so they would be more tender, also added lots more
garlic, used italian seasoned bread crumbs, and needed almost two times the
amount of crumbs anc cheese asked for. overall, very delicious.

CSANDST1

Rating: 4 stars

07/10/2000

This was a very good and easy recipe. I had been making something similar but
cooking the chicken in a covered skillet. The oven-method is much cleaner! I
used Italian bread crumbs and sprinkled fresh parmesan on the top of the
breasts. In the future I'll add the parmesan at the end as the cheese got a
little crunchy.

Jenny P

Rating: 5 stars

10/28/2003

I first made this recipe several months ago when I was scrambling last minute
to find something to make for dinner. I always have garlic, bread crumbs,
olive oil, and parmesan cheese on hand, so this recipe was perfect, and was
absolutely delicious! After perusing all the reviews, I followed some tips and
upped the crumbs & cheese. Since we loooove garlic, I used more of that too (3
large cloves worth). I also used Italian Seasoned bread crumbs and like others
have mentioned, the cooking time was more like 25-30 minutes, not 30-35....
I've since made it several more times, and now I regularly use even more
garlic (about 4 cloves), 1/3 cup olive oil, 1/2 cup bread crumbs (half Panko
crumbs and half Italian), and 1/2 cup parmesan. I made it at a dinner party
for 12 and it was a huge hit. It's so moist and flavorful, even my hard-to-
please father-in-law who doesn't usually like chicken breasts (he prefers dark
meat chicken) raved about it!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

02/07/2004

Taking advice of others, b/c we love garlic, I used 5 cloves of garlic and the
seasoned bread crumbs. I also added 1/4 stick of butter to baking dish. When
chicken was cooked, I poured juices into small saute pan and added 1 TBL of
cornstarch mixed with 1/4 cup water. Then added some Half and Half and heated,
stirring until thickened. Once thickened, I added some parmesan cheese. This
made a wonderful creamy sauce to pour over chicken. I served with garlic
mashed potatoes. YUM!!!

BARBIE0492

Rating: 5 stars

05/27/2000

This was excellent. I used it with the Chickem Fettucine Alfredo. Restuarant
quality!!

Paula Stotts

Rating: 4 stars

02/05/2003

Definitely add the parmesan cheese during the last five minutes of cooking. I
also added salt, pepper, parsley, and garlic powder to the bread crumbs.
Pretty good overall. *Note....I made this recipe again, and I used the
parmesan in the can instead of fresh (which should have been specified)....it
was much better with the cheese in the can mixed with the breadcrumb coating
and the fresh parmesan added the last five minutes of baking...This was
wonderful this way! I also added extra garlic the second time around.

KEROSKAM

Rating: 5 stars

04/14/2003

Wow, this was so good!! I used Italian seasoned bread crumbs with a little
black pepper added in. I only made 2 chicken pieces (not 4) but i did not cut
the recipe in half. There still seemed to be just the right amount of
oil/garlic and crumbs. I also used 5 large garlic cloves, so I used way more
garlic than was called for. Any remaining oil/garlic was drizzled over chicken
right before baking. I would definitely recommend 5 cloves per 2 chicken
breasts, it turned out very flavorful but not overpowering. Absolutely
wonderful chicken!

Lorie Eileen

Rating: 5 stars

04/25/2007

This recipe is so simple yet full of flavor and delicious. I didn't know
chicken breasts could be so moist. I let the chicken marinate in the olive oil
and garlic a couple hours before baking. The only added salt, pepper and
pepper flakes. My husband was happily surprised and said it was the best
chicken he had ever tasted. Thanks for this recipe!

alykate

Rating: 5 stars

01/04/2012

Fantastic! One of the best chicken recipes I have ever tried. Great flavor and
the chicken was juicy and tasted amazing! I whipped up some
garlic/parmesan/cheesy mashed potatoes and steamed broccolli to go with it.
With the help of a glass of sweet red wine, it was as good or better than many
restaurant meals I've had!!

caitie

Rating: 5 stars

03/14/2012

This recipe was AMAZING as is! The easiest chicken I have ever made, super
moist, lots of flavor and done in half an hour! The only change I made was to
use butter instead of olive oil, as another user suggested, and it really
brought out the wonderful garlic flavor. I didn't use any measurements for
this recipe...I took all of the ingredients and kind of threw them in at my
own discretion...worked out perfectly!

Joanna Stevens

Rating: 4 stars

03/24/2005

The reason I did not give this 5 stars is because the first time I made this,
I followed the recipe exactly and didn't find it to be anything special. The
second time, I added some fresh rosemary to the garlic mixture, some ground
pepper and about a tablespoon of Italian seasoning to the breadcrumbs, pounded
the chicken breasts a little thinner and turned the breasts once halfway
through baking. When I did that, it was perfect. 25 minutes baking time was
plenty, if I'd kept it in any longer it would have overbrowned. This dish is
also very versatile. I have served this with cheese sauce, spaghetti sauce,
rice, stuffing, mashed potatoes, pasta--just about anything goes well with it.
This is also one of the easiest recipes I have ever made, and I always have
the ingredients on hand. I don't think I will ever make breaded chicken any
other way again. Thanks, Carol, for this super-easy recipe!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 4 stars

09/15/2002

This recipe is for a good home-made shake and bake type chicken. Don't skimp
on the olive oil/garlic/bread crumbs/parmesan cheese. I also seasoned the
chicken before dipping with garlic & onion powders & black pepper. My picky
husband & toddler both enjoy this recipe as well.

Brenda Bell

Rating: 4 stars

08/05/2012

I've always made this with butter, but can't wait to try it with garlic-
infused oil. However, I think 425 is way too hot. I've always baked the
chicken for 35-45 minutes at 350 and it comes out evenly cooked and juicy.
I've also used herb-seasoned stuffing mix instead of the breadcrumbs. You just
have to crush it in a food processor first.

Priscilla King

Rating: 5 stars

12/30/2010

This was so easy, yet so delicious! My husband raved. As others have said, it
needed more crumbs. It's definitely up to serving dinner guests. Thanks,
Carol!

MISSJENAFFLECK

Rating: 4 stars

11/21/2006

YUM!!!! Soooooooooo good! The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars is
because I had to make a couple modifications. The recipe as written is 4
stars, but it is 5 stars if you do this: double the garlic (at least!). You
can't even taste the garlic unless you use at least 2x the amount. Also, if
you pound the breasts thin and then broil them instead of bake them, they will
be crispy and golden on both sides, and moist and juicy inside. This is
definitely going to be my go-to recipe for breaded chicken.

Sue

Rating: 5 stars

08/05/2012

We call this oven fried chicken and just love it. This is a great dish to play
around with. Try Panko bread crumbs, or crushed corn flakes for something
different. (Use your imagination here, some folks even use crushed pretzels
and love it!) You can also sub mayo or melted butter for the olive oil, but
you'll get more health benefits from olive oil. You can also vary the herbs in
your breading. this is just a fun, delicious, juicy and tender dish, no matter
how you go!

janelle

Rating: 5 stars

05/10/2007

This was VERY good!! For the bread crumbs I just had stuffing mix on hand so I
put that in the food processor to crush and used it to coat the chicken. I
also was short on time so I cut the chicken into strips so they would cook
faster. They were in the oven for 20 minutes and turned out great! It was
really good! My husband loved it and so did my in-laws. I will definitely make
this again. Thank you for this easy yet delicious recipe!

rubie

Rating: 5 stars

08/05/2012

I used panko crumbs which gave a much more crunchy finish. In addition,
instead of all olive oil, I used half olive oil and half butter, which gave a
richer flavor. You could also use this recipe as a base for chicken parmesan,
and just add tomato/pasta sauce and mozzarella cheese on top of each chicken
breast

Momof2

Rating: 5 stars

01/10/2004

This was very good. I did add more garlic (we love the stuff). Didn't have the
problem of the chicken drying out and it was a very easy dish to prepare.
Thank you.

RogueOnion8

Rating: 4 stars

08/27/2004

Very good! I upped the cheese and breadcrumbs to 1/3 cups each. I also used 4
crushed garlic cloves and added some pepper & onion powder. It was a little on
the dry side. I do plan on making this again.

ShawnaRae

Rating: 4 stars

06/29/2006

I have used this recipe many times. I added crushed red pepper to the oil
also. After the oil cools i place chicken into oil and let sit for 1/2 hour or
so. I use panko crubs in with my parm bread crumbs. I also season the breast
meat with salt and pepper first. And i always use more garlic than called for.
I like to use this recipe for chicken sandwiches.

Michelle Growel Rhineberger

Rating: 5 stars

09/07/2013

I just made this recipe and we loved it! It was extremely juicy,not greasy at
all like the Italian dressing review stated.I even poured all the remaining
olive oil over the breasts in the pan followed by the rest of bread crumb
mixture.

chow doctor

Rating: 2 stars

11/26/2011

Prepared EXACTLY as written. Very quick, very easy, very bland. It needs
something, but my goal is to prepare allrecipe's recipes exactly as written
and give my opinion on the original recipe, not to tweak it into a different
recipe all together. Next.

CLARKSARK

Rating: 5 stars

07/22/2001

This is a wonderful recipe that I have been making for years with just a few
changes - try it, you'll love it!! Instead of the oil use one cube butter or
margarine, soften the garlic in the butter to infuse the flavor, remove the
crushed garlic clove. Then combine 5 tsp dijon mustard with the butter, coat
the chicken, roll in breadcrumb/parmesan mixture and continue as directed!!

MOLSON7

Rating: 4 stars

01/20/2001

This was not bad and it was very easy. You do not have to deal with messy
frying.

Andi of Longmeadow Farm

Rating: 4 stars

09/05/2006

I could give a "5" but the fact that I needed to add some seasoning, brings it
down to a "4". The basic recipe works well, (made it first the way the recipe
was written) second time I added 1 tsp. celery salt, 1/2 tsp. red pepper and
course ground pepper. The result was finger licking good, it was so juicy!
Thanks for the recipe!

Annalisa Schmad

Rating: 5 stars

01/20/2005

After reading all of the reviews of this recipe I couldn't wait to try it! I
made it last night and WOW!! It was really very very easy to make and the
chicken was so moist! The only thing I would do differently is to turn the
chicken over once during baking in case you wanted the bottom to be browner.
Otherwise, if you just put it on the plate, no one notices! It was very tasty
with the potato cassarole from this site (with the hash browned potatoes,
cream of chicken soup, sour cream and cheese) and a green salad!

MCRAIGCHR

Rating: 4 stars

08/22/2002

Add more garlic!

cynjne

Rating: 5 stars

11/14/2010

Very few ingredients. Very easy. Very quick. Very delicious.

Jayashiangel

Rating: 5 stars

06/22/2010

Love this quick garlic recipe..Only substitution was Panko bread crumbs for
the added crunch...We have made this 4 times already in two weeks. :O)

Christi

Rating: 5 stars

03/19/2008

This was delicious and looked great, too! The only change I made was adding
some Cheddar cheese on top of the chicken for the last 10 minutes of baking.
TO THE PERSON WHO DIDN'T WARM THE OIL AND GARLIC TOGETHER...YES, OF COURSE IT
MADE A DIFFERENCE IN THE FLAVOR! You MUST warm the garlic in the oil, that's
how the garlic infuses its flavor into the oil.

Michelle Bellia

Rating: 5 stars

11/23/2011

This was delicious! My whole family gobbled it up and wanted more. The
directions weren't clear on making the garlic infused oil so I looked
somewhere else and found a recipe to bring the oil to medium heat and add
garlic for 3 - 5 minutes. Take the oil off the heat and let it sit until cool.
Then cover for an hour to infuse before using. WE will make this recipe over
and over again.

Nancy Ball

Rating: 5 stars

08/06/2012

Family loved this recipe! Had a couple over for dinner and wife said she
wouldn't normally have chosen a garlic chicken, but that she was pleasantly
surprised at how good this was! Used jar minced garlic with olive oil, refrig
powder parm and Italian breadcrumbs. Will definitely use this recipe again!!!!

TOCOMFORTYOU

Rating: 5 stars

08/11/2004

I wanted a simple, no-frills recipe with loads of taste - and this was just
right! I used five cloves of garlic, and added in some garlic powder, onion
salt, and pepper into the bread crumb mixture because it's extremely easy to
customize this one. I recommend sprinkling on some extra parmesan cheese about
five minutes before you remove it from the oven for some extra flavor and
crunch. It leaves all sorts of wonderful crunchy bits on the bottom of the pan
that you'll want to scrape and pile onto the chicken. The chicken stayed very
moist and flavorful, and I imagine it would serve very well for leftovers. If
you want a basic garlic chicken recipe, this one is excellent!

Tori

Rating: 5 stars

06/18/2014

I'm 15, and I live with my dad and my brother. My dad works nights and his
break is at 6, so I usually make dinner for everyone. I've never made chicken
before, so when I looked up recipes and thought I would give this one a try.
It was SO easy. My dad and brother loved it and said it was better than
anything my italian mother had ever made. I don't even like chicken, but I
love this and will definitely make it again.

Joy

Rating: 5 stars

05/09/2006

DELICIOUS, and easy! I made sure I sprayed the baking dish with PAM before
baking...for easier clean-up! Awesome recipe!

J

Rating: 5 stars

01/18/2011

Excellent! Husband loved it; made it twice in a week and a half! Second time
was better than the first. 1) instead of warm the oil/garlic in the pan, I put
the oil, minced garlic, and a tiny bit of garlic powder in a ziplock bag and
let it sit for about 10 minutes with the chicken breasts in it. ("massage"
around to make sure its evenly spread) 2) Used the directed amount of
(italian) bread crumbs and parmesan cheese (fresh grated 1/4 cup from a large
block)...but in addition added some more garlic powder (eye balled) to the
mix. Put in large baggie and shook well. 3) Placed the chicken breasts into
the dry mix bag, shake and rub to make sure all is covered. Place in pan, pour
rest of mix evenly on top of chicken Came out FANTASTIC! The extra garlic
powder and fresh parmesan REALLY brought out the flavor! I'll definitely keep
this recipe around and make it again soon.

Nandabear

Rating: 5 stars

12/23/2012

We loved it! You have to try it. It couldn't be easier or faster to put
together. I used about 6 large cloves of garlic and increased the Olive Oil to
1/3 cup. Heated in the microwave for about 1-1 1/2 minutes. I doubled the
amount of bread crumbs and Parmesan due to using 6 chicken breasts. The only
thing I will be doing different next time is to add salt and maybe more
seasoning if m using plain bread crumbs again but at some point I'll try
Italian bread crumbs. The house smelled amazing. Great with Pasta or a mix
Rice/Orzo.

Virginia Mom

Rating: 4 stars

01/24/2011

2011-01-24 I marinated the chicken breasts in Kraft Light House Italian
dressing overnight for more flavor. Even though the chicken was coated and
baked right after removing from the refrigerator, it cooked very quickly and
was somewhat dry after only 30 minutes. The flavor was good - my daughter said
they tasted like chicken nuggets.)

MomZilla (Evin)

Rating: 5 stars

03/08/2008

This was awesome! First time ever that baked, breded chicken has come out
crispy! I took regular breasts and sliced them in half horizontally, to make 2
thin breasts out of each. Came out juice, crispy, and flavorful! This will be
a regular staple in our house, can't wait to play around with the seasonings!

Cindi

Rating: 5 stars

08/05/2012

We served this at our wedding 17 years ago and have been making it ever
since!! The only differences are we use melted butter simmered with crushed
garlic and we use shredded parmesan. ALWAYS get rave reviews!!

Floridafoodie

Rating: 3 stars

09/08/2013

I make a similar dish. For those who had trouble with the cheese adhering, try
using panko and fresh grated parmesan, from a chunk of aged parmesan. The pre
shredded cheese does not have the correct texture. Forget the green can stuff.
That is not even cheese! You can also dip the chicken in beaten egg before
breading instead of coating it with oil. The egg helps the crumbs stick. Then
drizzle the oil/garlic mixture over it before baking. Panko makes a very light
crispy crust that is delightful when combined with parmesan cheese. It is my
go to breading choice, no matter what I am cooking.

Michelle H.

Rating: 5 stars

11/14/2002

simple and quick. i doubled the garlic, added salt and pepper to the bread
crumbs and turned the oven to 450 and cooked for 30 minutes. came out with
some crisp to the coating. also poured the remaining olive oil and garlic
mixture into my casserole with the chicken, and added enough olive oil to come
up on the chicken about 1/4 inch. the resulting garlic oil was tasty for
dipping french bread in.

theodosia

Rating: 5 stars

01/30/2006

I used chicken tenders and added more garlic. I soaked the chicken in the oil
in for a while and added some dried basil to the crumbs and cheese. I tried a
tip I saw on here about refrigerating the breaded chicken for about 15 minutes
before cooking It really does help the breading stay on. I almost forgot to
say that I oooked this for the first time for some dinner guests and we all
loved it!! Delicious and moist. Linda

Katie Beth

Rating: 5 stars

07/20/2012

Followed instructions exactly and it turned out PERFECT!! It was so delicious,
but it could use just a bit of salt. I suggest using Panko (sp?) bread crumbs
since they're bigger and don't get soggy at all.

Michelle Murray Lapierre

Rating: 5 stars

08/05/2012

I just made this tonight. I used chicken tenders and I used the same oil and
crumbs to coat some yellow squash. I baked it all together and it was great!

KMF

Rating: 5 stars

08/05/2012

Wow! Made exactly as written. My husband said this was the best dinner he has
ever had! Easy and delicious....perfect!

tasteisparamount

Rating: 5 stars

12/15/2010

This was amazing! I left my chicken to soak overnight in the oil/garlic
mixture..... i'll have to try it again just dipped to see if it made a
difference but darn this was good. Hah, i'll even try breadcrumbs next time (I
was out of those so I crushed up some pita puff chips- and hoped for the
best). Other reviewers were right about the parmesan, tastes great- don't skip
it! I will definitely make this again! Thank you!

LisaMB

Rating: 5 stars

05/03/2007

This dish was wonderful. Anytime you can bake chicken breasts in the oven and
have them come out moist - it's a winner! Super crunchy and flavorful. I will
for sure make this again, using this basic recipe for many dishes ie. chicken
parmesan etc.

Tracy Gregory

Rating: 5 stars

04/18/2007

considering the simplicity of it, 5 stars! Only thing I did differently is I
added a dash of crushed red pepper in the olive oil. Easy and yummy!

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

02/24/2000

I made this recipe for the first time when we had guests over for dinner -
everyone absolutely loved it. My husband, who isn't a huge chicken fan,
thought it was great. I will be making it again!

Kristen Blaszkiewicz

Rating: 5 stars

09/08/2013

This is my first review ever but this is the first time I was compelled to
leave my thoughts. This recipe was easy and just fantastic with flavor! I am
not a big fan of garlic but the flavor with the crispy coating was fantastic!
The recipe calls for 2 tsp of garlic, I used 1 tbsp as my family LOVES garlic.
Go by tsp not cloves. I used Italian bread crumbs and grated parmesan not
shredded parmesan. The chicken was moist and flavorful. Someone recommended
after heating oil and garlic to put in plastic bag and add chicken. TERRIFIC
IDEA, much less mess. I let the chicken sit for about 30 min in oil/garlic
mixture. Then coated and cooked as recipe states. YUMMMMM! I had no left
overs. Thank you for a great recipe! Definitely passing on to all my friends!

Linda T

Allstar

Rating: 3 stars

08/27/2004

This was tasty and very easy. I do think it needed some more seasoning..
perhaps some crushed red pepper or some italian seasoning mixed in with the
crumbs. I marinated this overnite in the garlic and oil and then left out the
oil when baking

Superstarr

Rating: 5 stars

09/14/2009

I love this recipe and should've thought of it myself! but you know, when
you're stressing about what to make for dinner at the last minute, you get
flustered! this is made with things I always have on hand and was totally
delish!

PUNKYBREW82

Rating: 5 stars

05/09/2007

This was good and easy to prepare, and my very picky husband said he would eat
it again. However, next time I'll definitely add more garlic (probably
doubled), and maybe some herbs as well. For us, the basic recipe was bland,
but a great start! Will be added to regular rotation.

Sheri O.

Rating: 5 stars

11/25/2008

Delicious and easy. Be careful not to overcook. The chicken can be done as
early as 20 minutes depending on the size.

supragirl1988

Rating: 5 stars

04/25/2013

omg i absolutely love this dish and so does my family, it's super easy, the
parmesan blends perfectly with the garlic, love it!!!

chibi chef

Rating: 4 stars

05/06/2007

4 stars as is 5 with modifications. I followed this recipe to a tee the first
time and thought the results were pretty good, but not exceptional. My hubby
and I like our food with more complex flavors so I added the following to the
breadcrumbs: (approx) 1/2 C honey crunch wheat germ, 1 tsp oregano, 1/2 tsp
garlic powder, 1/4 tsp fresh ground pepper, 1/2 tsp paprika). Wheat germ adds
folic acid, vitamin E, and fiber without affecting the taste. After dipping
the chicken in the garlic oil, I coated it with the crumbs, dipped in egg, and
coated it with some more crumbs. Before putting it in the oven, I drizzed
virgin coconut oil on top (butter or olive oil would work too). The hubby
liked this dish before I made these changes, but after the changes, he was
very enthusiastic about dinner and leftovers and declared that this needed to
go in the regular rotation.

jabocmom

Rating: 5 stars

03/10/2007

I let the chicken marinate in the olive oil and garlic a couple of hours
before coating and cooking it. I used minced garlic because I did not have any
other. I used some garlic salt on the breasts before coating them. I also
added some seasoned salt to the coating mixture just to spice it up a little.
My husband said "this is one of the better ones. It really appealed to my
taste." I think I will try Italian bread crumbs next time. The chicken was
very moist and tender enough to cut with a fork. I turned the oven to broil
for the last 5 minutes just to make them crispier. I will definitely make this
again and again.

happycamper26

Rating: 5 stars

08/13/2004

I've been using this recipe regularly for several years. It is truly
delicious, moist and juice. And really NO-FAIL. Try it.

karenL

Rating: 5 stars

07/16/2012

This recipe is good and easy. Marinating the chicken for about 35 minutes
really helped the garlic flavor come out better and moistened the chicken.
Highly recommend. Hubbie even liked it!

JUDIE342

Rating: 1 stars

12/23/2005

You wouldnt believe how one little accident can change how you cook . Company
was on thier way. dinner was almost ready. getting ready to bread the chicken.
when I dropped a whole can of bread crumbs on the floor. Not having any bread
in the house(only the rolls for dinner) I popped three or four English muffine
in the blender and then mixed it with the cheese,and proceeded to bread the
chicken as called for in the recipe. What a wonderful discovery. I will never
go back to regular dry bread crumbs again.

MARYANNEQ

Rating: 4 stars

10/20/2008

Very nice flavor but a bit too greasy with all the oil. Next time I will try
dipping it in an egg wash with the garlic instead.

rach1mike

Rating: 1 stars

01/12/2010

This chicken had NO flavor whatsoever. I cannot believe so many people rated
it and said it was wonderful! You've got to add salt!!

ELWOH

Rating: 5 stars

01/18/2003

This is such an easy recipe. I cooked this when we had company and everyone
loved it. I usually add a little salt, red pepper, and black pepper to the
bread crumbs and cheese just to give it a little more flavor. This is a great
weeknight meal because it's fast and I usually have the ingredients on hand.

Kelly

Rating: 1 stars

04/08/2011

Not much taste. Didn't really enjoy this recipe at all. Sorry.

Nonie39

Rating: 3 stars

09/10/2002

This recipe needs more garlic and spices added.I also pounded the chicken
which made it very tender. Not sure if I will try it again.

Jennifer

Rating: 5 stars

01/03/2011

Very good recipe! Simple and quick but tasted like it took hours to make. I
didn't change a thing, except I used fresh chopped garlic and a lot of it.
Served it with tricolor pasta tossed with olive oil and garlic and sauteed
broccoli. I think I would like to try this as a base for my chicken parm next.
Thanks Carol!

lyndoski

Rating: 5 stars

01/07/2003

Simple, quick, and good. Chicken was very tender and moist! I ended up adding
more bread crumbs + parmesan but had plenty of oil.

MAGGIE MCGUIRE

Rating: 5 stars

04/03/2003

Quick, easy, and delicious, my favorite cooking terms!My own personal
preference forced me to add 2t garlic powder, since we like anything garlicky.
I pounded the breasts to 1/4 in thick to break down the connective tissue so
it would absorb more of the flavors. Perfect! We loved it. Thanks Carol.

JULIEWNEK

Rating: 5 stars

02/18/2003

This was very easy and good! I love Garlic so I would add more garlic next
time or marinade it all day if I were just making the chicken. However I made
up for it by complimenting it with the Quick and Easy Alfredo Sauce recipe
from this site, which was awesome with this and served it over the chicken,
and Garlic and Herb flavored Fettucine. I also served cresent rolls and green
beans. A definate crowd pleaser!

CookinginFL

Rating: 5 stars

01/04/2009

Alrighty, this is now in our 'Favorites' binder - it is DELICIOUS, oh yeah -
and super EASY!! To heat the oil/garlic - I just mixed the oil with the garlic
& microwaved it for 20 seconds.

CookingCutie

Rating: 5 stars

02/28/2007

I wish I could give more stars! This recipe is wonderful and healthy! Other
garlic chicken recipes often include lots of butter. I especially liked this
recipe because didn't include any. The only change I made was to season the
chicken breasts with a bit of salt and pepper and a squeeze of fresh lemon
juice before coating them in the garlic oil. I have tried several other Garlic
Chicken recipes, but this one is the BEST. Super, super easy and very tasty!
Thanks for sharing!

dinadaly

Rating: 5 stars

04/21/2012

Delicious and ridiculously easy!!

Julie

Rating: 3 stars

04/29/2012

Just ok

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

07/17/2002

Very fast, very easy. Use a good quality parmaesan or pamesan/reggiano mix. It
is worth it, adding that extra zing some may have missed.

jodilee

Rating: 5 stars

11/07/2008

Used lots more garlic ~ 1/2 oil 1/2 butter. Italian seasoned bread crumbs
instead of plain and it came out perfect =D I would reccomend using thin
breast. I used thin breast and only cooked for about 30 min. at 375. Turned
out so moist and flavorful. Everyone wanted seconds..some thirds =) Served
with Baked Ziti I (without the beef) from this site. Resturant quality meal!!

scrapcat

Rating: 5 stars

11/14/2013

Ok, money is tight because payday is Friday and the holidays are fast
approaching. I needed a recipe that used what I had on hand and came across
this one. After a VERY LONG DAY, arrived home and the beau & I got to work.
YUMMY! Our fresh garlic went bad so we sauted with a dry garlic - the house
SMELLED wonderful! Can't wait to try this with the good stuff! We baked it out
in a toaster oven (cut one large breast into 4 pieces). The top started to
burn a little so we flipped it halfway. It looked as good as it smelled. We
paired it with steamed broccoli and garlic bread. I'm SO EXCITED I have
leftovers for tonight! Will try it with fresh garlic next time, but I wouldn't
change a thing. So flavorful.

JEANSB

Rating: 5 stars

06/27/2005

Thank you Carol for this great garlicky treat! I've made this recipe a dozen
or so times now, as written, and my whole family loves it. Best features are
that it's fast, easy, and very versatile. I've cut the breasts diagonally into
strips and served them over a large garden salad with rolls, placed them over
parmesan angel hair pasta, and served them over fettuccini alfredo. Each way
is delicious!

Deb Constantineau

Rating: 5 stars

01/22/2006

This is a great recipe & it will go in my "family favorite" folder! I didn't
have bread crumbs on hand so I used fine cracker crumbs instead - I'm sure
that this kept the breading from being "loose", as one person described it. It
was nicely crispy & I will probably always substitute the cracker crumbs for
the bread crumbs.

Rich Fusinski

Rating: 5 stars

03/22/2000

I made this for me and my girlfriend... she loved it, I loved it... it was
delicious :)

Allrecipes Member

Rating: 5 stars

08/15/2002

So easy to make and terrific! I added a few things to the bread crubs like
Italian Seasoning and red pepper to spice it up. I also cooked it on a
broiling pan. Thnaks so much!!

Judie

Rating: 5 stars

05/10/2007

This is a wonderful recipe and thank you for sharing it. Many times I have
made Chicken Parmesan with this recipe, just by adding my own Italian sauce to
the bottome of a baking dish and placing the completed Garlic Chicken on top
of it; add a little more sauce on top of chicken and sprinkle with shredded
mozzerella cheese and bake. It delicious!

Andrea

Rating: 5 stars

07/23/2011

Absolutely delicious! I made fresh breadcrumbs in my food processor and pulsed
in the parmesan. The only change I made was adding some Italian seasonings,
salt, and pepper to jazz up the breadcrumbs. I baked two lean breasts at 400
for 30 minutes and they were perfect. The breading was so delicious and
perfectly golden. The chicken, despite being very lean, turned out extremely
tender and juicy. It didn't taste greasy at all. This recipe is DEFINITELY a
keeper! Thanks Carol!

junglepilotwife

Rating: 4 stars

08/25/2011

I took off a star because the recipe needs just a little flair - some salt,
pepper, and maybe an herb or two. Parsley at least. Then the cooking time was
off for me...half hour at 425 would have burnt them. The evoo cooking off the
chicken started to burn and smoke after about 15 minutes so I turned the oven
down to 325 to finish. They were done even with the decrease in temp at about
20 min.

Manda

Rating: 5 stars

01/25/2011

Excellent! I made everything as is, but didn't quite have enough parmesean
cheese, so I added a little Romano Cheese and added it just above the required
amount. It was quite lovely!

Jennmarie25

Rating: 5 stars

08/18/2013

Great recipe! I had large thick chicken breasts so I needed more bread crumbs
and Parmesan cheese then the recipe called for. Next time I'll either filet
the breast or get some that are not quite as thick so you can taste the
breading from each side per bite. Because of their size it took approx 40
minutes in the oven. Also, next time I will use a rack as the chicken got a
bit soggy at the bottom. I paired this with the recipe for oven roasted
asparagus (which also calls for Parmesan cheese) from this website and it was
a big hit for my family! Will cook again and again. Easy and delicious!

IndyDiva79

Rating: 5 stars

08/21/2007

A HUGE hit with my husband! He raved about this chicken for days and asked
when I would make it again. I added italian seasoning mix to the bread
crumb/parm. cheese mix and added way more garlic to the oil/garlic mix. Also I
baked on a dark, non-stick cookie sheet and this helped to "crisp" the other
side of the chicken. I will definitely make again--thanks!

I'm nuts too

Rating: 5 stars

11/21/2004

Ohh this was tasty. My son prefers bone in chix, so I used legs for him (which
I put in the oven 25 minutes before) and tenders (20 min) for the spawn and
myself. I cheated and used jarred minced garlic which I mixed in with the
bread crumb/parm cheese mixture and added salt, pepper, paprika & onion powder
to it as well. The chicken was soooooo tender and juicy. Thanks for the easy &
tasty recipe Carol!

windedmama

Rating: 5 stars

09/10/2011

Yummy and easy. I butterflied my chicken breasts and they were tender yet
crispy, and it cut the cooking time down by 10 minutes. I added in some fresh
grated parmesan, about 1/4 cup, since it adds a rich flavor and goes so well
with the garlic. Thanks for the nice recipe I plan to make often.

My4boys

Rating: 5 stars

04/22/2011

Awesome tasting recipe!

JulyBaby79

Rating: 5 stars

12/05/2002

This was absolutely amazing. My boyfriend and I couldn't believe how good this
tasted with such a small amount of effort. It was crispy on the outside while
moist on the inside. The flavor of the garlic was perfect. The only thing in
the recipe I changed was adding some garlic salt to the bread crumb mixture.
I'll definitely been doing this again, especially when I don't really feel
like cooking.

Sarah

Rating: 4 stars

08/06/2012

The recipe calls for 2 tsp.of garlic crushed(not 2 cloves).This could be why
everyone says to double up on garlic because they are counting cloves instead
of teaspoons of garlic. I used 7 BIG cloves of garlic and upped the oil 1/4c
and bread crumbs, Cheese combo 1/4c for 6 breast. Baked for 30 min. Per--fect.

Load More Reviews Load More Reviews

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

##  Review this recipe

Garlic Chicken

Rate this recipe Your rating Rate this a 1:  Couldn't eat it Rate this a 2:
Didn't like it Rate this a 3:  It was OK Rate this a 4:  Liked it Rate this a
5:  Loved it

What did you think about this recipe? Did you make any changes or notes?

Add Photo

Close this dialog window

##  Delete Photo

Are you sure you want to delete your photo?

Cancel  Yes, delete

Cancel Submit

Success!

Thanks for adding your feedback.

Your photo is being processed. If it doesn't appear after 10 minutes, try
refreshing the page.

Close this dialog window

## Recipe Reviews & Photos

## Review for

Advertisement

Back to Garlic Chicken

##  All Reviews for Garlic Chicken

\- of Reviews

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

Advertisement

Close this dialog window

## Share & More

Close this dialog window

##  Nutritional Information

### Garlic Chicken

Servings Per Recipe: 4  
Calories: 300.4  

% Daily Value *

protein:  30.3g  61 %

carbohydrates:  5.7g  2 %

dietary fiber:  0.3g  1 %

sugars:  0.3g

fat:  16.8g  26 %

saturated fat:  3.1g  16 %

cholesterol:  72.8mg  24 %

vitamin a iu:  47IU  1 %

niacin equivalents:  19mg  146 %

vitamin b6:  0.7mg  42 %

vitamin c:  1.9mg  3 %

folate:  5.3mcg  1 %

calcium:  81.3mg  8 %

iron:  1.4mg  8 %

magnesium:  35.3mg  13 %

potassium:  313.3mg  9 %

sodium:  261.2mg  10 %

thiamin:  0.1mg  9 %

calories from fat:  151

*Percent Daily Values are based on a 2,000 calorie diet. Your daily values may be higher or lower depending on your calorie needs.

**Nutrient information is not available for all ingredients. Amount is based
on available nutrient data.

(-)Information is not currently available for this nutrient. If you are
following a medically restrictive diet, please consult your doctor or
registered dietitian before preparing this recipe for personal consumption.

Powered by the ESHA Research Database (C) 2018,  
ESHA Research, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Back to Recipe

## Recipe Reviews Photos

###  Reviews for  Photos of  Garlic Chicken

Reviews:  Most Helpful

Most Helpful Most Positive Least Positive Newest

1 of 4304

Garlic Chicken

1 of 331 Garlic Chicken

MzRachieRach09

Garlic Chicken

2 of 331 Garlic Chicken

Angie Poulin

Garlic Chicken

3 of 331 Garlic Chicken

Chef Pee's

Garlic Chicken

4 of 331 Garlic Chicken

Lorna Lisby

Garlic Chicken

5 of 331 Garlic Chicken

lilitiger

Garlic Chicken

6 of 331 Garlic Chicken

LouisvilleChip

Garlic Chicken

7 of 331 Garlic Chicken

Alana

Garlic Chicken

8 of 331 Garlic Chicken

Jo Bris

Garlic Chicken

9 of 331 Garlic Chicken

latlaw777

Garlic Chicken

10 of 331 Garlic Chicken

Heather Hulse

Garlic Chicken

11 of 331 Garlic Chicken

CasieGail

Garlic Chicken

12 of 331 Garlic Chicken

apuketza

Garlic Chicken

13 of 331 Garlic Chicken

joanij

Garlic Chicken

14 of 331 Garlic Chicken

Tony Bell

Garlic Chicken

15 of 331 Garlic Chicken

Jacqueline Kollias

Garlic Chicken

16 of 331 Garlic Chicken

Abhilash

Garlic Chicken

17 of 331 Garlic Chicken

Jennifer

Garlic Chicken

18 of 331 Garlic Chicken

mommak

Garlic Chicken

19 of 331 Garlic Chicken

nicko4

Garlic Chicken

20 of 331 Garlic Chicken

mb

Advertisement

Back to Content

## Remove from Collections

Are you sure? Removing from Saved Items will permanently delete it from all
collections.  View My Collections

Cancel  Remove

Close this dialog window

## Successfully saved

Congrats! You saved Garlic Chicken to your Favorites

Allrecipes

## Magazines & More

## Learn More

  * About Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Contact Us this link opens in a new tab
  * Editorial Guidelines this link opens in a new tab
  * Subscribe this link opens in a new tab
  * Apps this link opens in a new tab
  * Advertise this link opens in a new tab
  * Content Licensing this link opens in a new tab
  * Careers this link opens in a new tab

## Connect

Subscribe to Our Newsletter

MeredithAllrecipes is part of the Meredith Food Group. (C) Copyright 2022
Meredith Corporationthis link opens in a new tab. All Rights Reserved.  
Privacy Policythis link opens in a new tab Terms of Servicethis link opens in
a new tab Ad Choicesthis link opens in a new tab California Do Not Sellthis
link opens a modal window Web Accessibilitythis link opens in a new tab

(C) Copyright 2022 Allrecipes. All rights reserved. Printed from
https://www.allrecipes.com 08/07/2022

Close

## Sign in

##

Close this dialog window

## View image

Garlic Chicken

this link is to an external site that may or may not meet accessibility
guidelines.

Back to Content

## Save to Collections

