https://theyummydelights.com/garlic-chicken-curry-lehsuni-murgh/


ï»¿

  * Skip to primary navigation
  * Skip to main content
  * Skip to primary sidebar
  * Skip to footer

  * Home
  * About Me
  * Non Vegetarian
    * Non veg breakfast
    * Non-Veg Starters/Appetizers
    * Biryani/Rice
    * Non Veg Curry / Gravy
  * Vegetarian
    * Quick dinner recipes
    * Veg Curry / Gravy
    * Pulao/Fried rice/Biryani
    * Side Dish
    * Veg Breakfast recipes
    * Veg Starters / Appetizers
  * Cakes and Bakes
  * Sweets
  * Search

Home Â» Non Vegetarian Â» Garlic Chicken Curry | Lehsuni Murgh

Posted On: March 14, 2021 | Last Updated On: March 16, 2021

# Garlic Chicken Curry | Lehsuni Murgh

TwitterFacebookMessengerPinterestTelegramWhatsAppYummly

Jump to Recipe Jump to Video Print Recipe

**Garlic chicken curry** recipe with step-by-step photos & a recipe video.
**Easy Indian chicken curry** flavored primarily with **garlic** & **mild
spices**.

Pin

It is also known as **Lehsuni Murgh**. **Lehsuni** means **âgarlic-
infusedâ** and **Murgh** means â **Chicken** â in the **Indian**
language. It is a **mildly spicy, rich, thick & creamy chicken curry** with
**garlic flavor**.

This is **amazing chicken curry** for all chicken lovers. Serve this **garlic
chicken curry** with **Naan (Indian flatbread) or rice**.

This recipe is adapted from **Mughlai Chicken Curry**. You are definitely
going to love this **creamy** **garlic chicken recipe.**

Table of Contents

__

  * Recipe features:
  * Garlic Chicken Curry Ingredients:
  * Cooking tips:
  * Â How to make garlic chicken curry
  * Variations that you can try:
  * Serving Suggestions:
  * Storage suggestions:
  * FAQs
  * Garlic Chicken Curry | Lehsuni Murgh | Easy Chicken Curry

##  **Recipe features:**

  * **Quick & easy to make** â You can make it quickly within **30 minutes.**
  * **Easy to customize** â see the ingredient list below for alternative ingredients. You can add or skip the ingredients as per your taste.
  * **Make-ahead recipe** â You can make it ahead of time. Store it in an airtight container in the refrigerator. 
  * **Gluten-free**

##  **Garlic Chicken Curry** **Ingredients:**

  * **Chicken â** I have used **boneless chicken breast** to make this **chicken curry.** You can also use **chicken thighs or chicken with bone.**
  * **Garlic â** Use **fresh garlic** to make this curry. This **chicken curry** is mainly **flavored with garlic**. But you can adjust the quantity as per your taste. **Â**
  * **Ginger â** It is used to flavor the gravy.
  * **Onion â** I have used **red onions**. 
  * **Yogurt â** Use **fresh curd/yogurt** to marinate the chicken. Fresh yogurt tastes sweet. If you are using sour curd/yogurt then skip adding lemon juice to the marination.
  * **Spice powders â Red chili powder, turmeric powder, coriander powder, roasted cumin powder & garam masala powder.** I have used two different red chili powders. **Kashmiri red chili powder** gives a **bright red color** to the curry & is **not spicy**. But if you do not have it then skip adding it & use regular chili powder.
  * **Salt**
  * **Lemon juice**
  * **Tomato â** Use **plum tomatoes** to make this chicken gravy. Or use any **juicy ripe tomatoes.** If the tomatoes you are using are sour then skip adding lemon juice. 
  * **Cashew â** Cashews make the gravy base **thick & creamy.** You can substitute it with **almonds**.
  * **Oil â** You can use any cooking oil that does not have a strong smell.
  * **Butter â** Butter gives **richness to the chicken curry.** It also gives a nice flavor to it. But if you want to avoid it for health reasons, then skip it & increase the quantity of oil.
  * **Cream â** The addition of cream is optional. But definitely, it will **reduce the heat from garlic**. Makes the gravy mild & creamy. You can substitute it with **coconut milk**.
  * **Coriander leaves (Cilantro) â** Adds a fresh flavor to the curry.

**For the detailed list of ingredients & their measurements, please check out
the recipe card below**.

##  **Cooking tips:**

  1. **Marinate the chicken** for at least **30 minutes to an hour**. The longer it marinates the better it tastes.
  2. You can **skip the addition of lemon juice** to the marinade **if the curd/yogurt is sour.**
  3. **Frying garlic in butter** â **Keep the heat on low** & then **fry the garlic in butter until it is lightly golden**. If you keep the heat on medium or high then garlic will burn quickly. We have to **flavor the butter with garlic but, without burning it.**
  4. One important thing to keep in mind is that you have to **fry the garlic until it is light golden** & not golden or dark brown in color. If the garlic is dark brown then it is over fried & it will taste bitter.
  5. **Soak the cashews in water for about 10 minutes** before grinding them. It will make the cashews soft & you can grind it with tomatoes to a fine paste.
  6. **Adjust the consistency of the gravy as you like**. Basically, the gravy is thick but you can adjust the consistency as per your liking.
  7. The gravy becomes thick after some time. **Heat the gravy by adding Â½ cup water** before serving it.
  8. You can **reduce the quantity of garlic** in the recipe. 
  9. It is optional to add green chilies. You can skip it if you prefer less spicy.

**If you like this recipe, you may be interested in these other delicious
Indian Chicken Curry recipes:**

  * **Mughlai Chicken Curry**
  * **Chicken Korma**
  * **Dhaba Style Chicken Curry**
  * **Hyderabadi Chicken**Masala
  * **Chicken Changezi**

##  Â **How to make garlic chicken curry**

**Preparations:**

  1. Chop the onions, garlic, & coriander leaves. Set it aside.
  2. In a mixing bowl, marinate the chicken with yogurt, red chili powder, Kashmiri red chili powder (optional), turmeric powder, coriander powder, roasted cumin powder, salt & lemon juice.
  3. Grind tomato & cashews to make a paste. Do not add water while grinding it. Set it aside.

###  **Making the chicken** **curry**

  1. Heat a pan over low heat. Add 2 tsp oil + 1 tbsp butter.
  2. Add garlic & stir-fry until lightly golden. Remove & transfer the fried garlic & butter to a bowl. Set it aside. 
  3. In the same pan, heat 1 tsp oil over medium heat.
  4. Add onion, ginger & garlic. Saute until the onions are translucent
  5. Add the marinated chicken. Stir-fry until the color of the chicken turns from pink to white.
  6. Add 1/2 cup water & stir. Cover & cook until the chicken is completely cooked. Stir it in between as required.
  7. Cook uncovered for 5 minutes. 
  8. Add the tomato & cashew paste. Stir it. Add water to adjust the consistency of the gravy.
  9. Taste & add salt. Cover & cook for 3-4 minutes.
  10. Add green chilies, cream, chopped coriander leaves, garam masala powder & fried garlic with butter. Cover & cook for a minute.
  11. Yummy delicious garlic chicken curry is ready to serve.

##  **Variations that you can try:**

  * Add paneer or tofu instead of chicken.
  * Or add mushroom instead of chicken.

##  **Serving Suggestions:**

  * Serve garlic chicken curry with Naan, Paratha (Indian flatbread).
  * You can also serve it with steamed rice or jeera rice.

##  **Storage suggestions:**

  * Leftover garlic chicken curry can be stored in an airtight container in the refrigerator. It stays good for 2 days. 
  * Before serving it, add Â½ cup of water to the chicken curry & mix. Reheat it & serve. 

##  **FAQs**

**Can I skip cream?**

Yes, you can. The cream reduces the heat of garlic. It helps to balance the
flavor & makes the chicken curry mild spicy. If you are going to skip cream
then reduce the quantity of garlic in the recipe.

**Can I reduce the quantity of garlic in the recipe?**

Yes, you can reduce the quantity of garlic. This chicken curry is primarily
flavored with garlic. However, you can reduce the quantity of garlic or adjust
it as per your liking.

Pin

Print Pin

5 from 5 votes

##  Garlic Chicken Curry | Lehsuni Murgh | Easy Chicken Curry

Garlic chicken curry recipe with step-by-step photos & a recipe video. Easy
Indian chicken curry flavored primarily with garlic & mild spices. This is
amazing chicken curry for all chicken lovers. Serve this creamy garlic chicken
curry with Naan (Indian flatbread) or rice.

Course Main

Cuisine Indian

Prep Time 10 minutes

Cook Time 20 minutes

Total Time 30 minutes

Servings 4 people

Calories 396kcal

Author Preeti

### Equipment

  * Heavy bottom pan

### Ingredients

#### To marinate the chicken

  * 500- gram boneless chicken breast (or use chicken thighs)
  * 4 tsp fresh curd/yogurt
  * 1/2 tsp spicy red chili powder
  * 1 tsp Kashmiri red chili powder (optional)
  * 2 tsp coriander powder
  * 1/2 tsp roasted cumin powder
  * 1/4 tsp turmeric powder
  * salt to taste
  * 1/2 tsp lemon juice

#### To make a tomato-cashew paste

  * 4 medium-size plum tomatoes roughly chopped 
  * 6-7 cashews soak the cashews in water for 10 minutes & then use it

#### To make Garlic Chicken Curry

  * 2 tsp oil
  * 1 tbsp butter (unsalted)
  * 2 tsp chopped garlic
  * 3 medium size chopped onions
  * 1 tsp chopped garlic
  * 1/2 tsp ginger paste
  * 2 green chilies chopped
  * 1/4 cup cream
  * 2 tbsp chopped coriander leaves
  * 1 tsp garam masala powder

### Instructions

#### Preparations:

  * Chop the onions, garlic, green chili & coriander leaves. Set it aside.

  * In a mixing bowl, marinate the chicken with yogurt, red chili powder, Kashmiri red chili powder (optional), turmeric powder, coriander powder, roasted cumin powder, salt & lemon juice.

  * Grind tomato & cashews to make a paste. Do not add water while grinding it. Set it aside.

#### Making the creamy garlic chicken

  * Heat a pan over low heat. Add 2 tsp oil + 1 tbsp butter.

  * Add garlic & stir-fry until lightly golden. Remove & transfer the fried garlic & butter to a bowl. Set it aside. 

  * In the same pan, heat 1 tsp oil over medium heat.

  * Add onion, ginger & garlic. Saute until the onions are translucent

  * Add the marinated chicken. Stir-fry until the color of the chicken turns from pink to white.

  * Add 1/2 cup water & stir. Cover & cook until the chicken is completely cooked. Stir it in between as required.

  * Cook uncovered for 5 minutes or until the moisture evaporates.

  * Add the tomato & cashew paste. Stir it. Add water to adjust the consistency of the gravy.

  * Taste & add salt. Cover & cook for 3-4 minutes.

  * Add green chilies, cream, chopped coriander leaves, garam masala powder & fried garlic with butter. Cover & cook for a minute.

  * Yummy delicious garlic chicken curry is ready to serve.

### Video

### Notes

  1. You can skip the addition of lemon juice to the marinade if the curd/yogurt is sour.
  2. Frying garlic in butter â Keep the heat on low & then fry the garlic in butter until it is lightly golden. If you keep the heat on medium or high then garlic will burn quickly. We want to flavor the butter with garlic without burning it.
  3. One important thing to keep in mind is that you have to fry the garlic until it is light golden & not golden or dark brown in color. If the garlic is dark brown then it is over fried & it will taste bitter.
  4. Soak the cashews in water for about 10 minutes before grinding it. It will make the cashews soft & you can grind it with tomatoes to a fine paste.
  5. Adjust the consistency of the gravy as you like. Basically, the gravy is thick but you can adjust the consistency as per your liking.
  6. The gravy becomes thick after some time. Heat the gravy by adding Â½ cup water before serving it.
  7. You can reduce the quantity of garlic in the recipe.
  8. It is optional to add green chilies. You can skip it if you prefer less spicy.

**Please leave your valuable suggestions, feedback, or any query related to
the recipe in the comment box below.**

**If youâve tried this Garlic Chicken CurryÂ or any other recipes on the
blog then do let us know how it turned out in the comments below, we love
hearing it from you!**

### You may also like:

Hyderabadi chicken masala recipe | Chicken Hyderabadi

Kerala egg roast recipe (Nadan Mutta Roast)

Chicken Bhuna Masala | Bhuna Chicken | Spicy Indian Chicken Curry

Easy chicken cacciatore (Stovetop) recipe

TwitterFacebookMessengerPinterestTelegramWhatsAppYummly

Previous Post: Â« Bharwa Bhindi with Besan | Stuffed Okra fry|No onion No
Garlic recipe

Next Post: Healthy Kung Pao Chicken recipe Â»

## Reader Interactions

### Comments

  1. Monica

April 13, 2022 at 6:03 pm

  
Made the chicken today , tastes amazing, thank you for the recipe

Reply

    * Preeti

April 26, 2022 at 8:43 pm

Thanks for the feedback.

Reply

  2. Mandy

May 2, 2022 at 5:53 pm

  
Garlic chicken curry is one of the best recipes I have tried. Thank you

Reply

    * Preeti

May 2, 2022 at 9:56 pm

Glad you liked it. Thanks for the feedback and star rating.

Reply

  3. SI

May 7, 2022 at 12:40 am

  
Awesome and quick recipe. I skipped the cream but still it tasted fabulous.
Thanks

Reply

    * Preeti

May 7, 2022 at 10:58 am

Glad you liked it. Thanks for the feedback.

Reply

      * Gino

July 25, 2022 at 3:03 pm

  
Made this a couple of weeks ago and it was gorgeous! Am making it today for a
party of 12 tomorrow! Wish me luck..

Reply

        * Preeti

July 25, 2022 at 10:28 pm

Hi, glad you liked the recipe.  
All the best! Hope your guests will love it too.

Reply

  4. Enjoy!

May 19, 2022 at 9:52 am

  
I put to much yogurt into it so i added more spices! very nice curry thank
you!

Reply

    * Preeti

May 20, 2022 at 10:00 am

Thanks for the feedback. Gald you liked it.

Reply

### Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Recipe Rating Recipe Rating  
  
  
  
  

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

## Primary Sidebar

Â

### Hey, Iâm Preeti

Welcome to âThe Yummy Delightsâ website. I would like to thank you for
visiting here. read moreâ¦

#### Follow Me

### Starters/Appetizers

## Chilli Chicken Dry Recipe

## Chicken Fritters Recipe (Easy Chicken Appetizers)

## Chicken Mayo Salad Recipe

## Grilled Chicken Sandwich

### Easy Dinner Recipes

## Grilled Corn Salad with Feta Cheese

## Vegetable Lo Mein (Quick & easy)

## Easy spaghetti marinara recipe | Vegetarian Spaghetti recipe

## Vegetarian Burrito Bowls (Chipotle Inspired)

### Non-Veg Curry/Gravy

## Andhra Chicken Fry Recipe (Kodi Vepudu)

## Palak Chicken (Spinach chicken curry)

## Easy chicken cacciatore (Stovetop) recipe

## Mangalorean Mackerel Curry (Bangude Ghassi)

### Categories

Categories Select Category Cakes and BakesÂ Â (14) Non VegetarianÂ Â (106) Â Â
Â Biryani/RiceÂ Â (21) Â Â Â Non veg breakfastÂ Â (8) Â Â Â Non Veg Curry /
GravyÂ Â (40) Â Â Â Non Veg Starters / AppetizersÂ Â (24) SweetsÂ Â (16)
VegetarianÂ Â (63) Â Â Â Pulao/Fried rice/BiryaniÂ Â (4) Â Â Â Quick Dinner
recipesÂ Â (9) Â Â Â Rice recipesÂ Â (2) Â Â Â Side DishÂ Â (15) Â Â Â Veg
Breakfast recipesÂ Â (13) Â Â Â Veg Curry / GravyÂ Â (8) Â Â Â Veg Starters /
AppetizersÂ Â (14)

## Footer

Copyright Â©Â 2022 The Yummy Delights | Maintained by Host My Blog

error: Content is protected !!

We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.
If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with
it.OkNo

